"You know why you're split Tony, you have so many masks you're not even one person anymore, who will it be today?" Strange was getting closer, Tony could finally see him, he was hazy and blurred, he couldn't see his eyes or nostrils, when had Tony's vision gotten so blurry? Strange was getting louder and louder, stepping closer and Tony could suddenly see how furious Strange was.
"Well look, hacked or not he's not acting...right, he needs an reset or something, how do we do it?" Clint asked as the lights flickered a bit. Ms. Potts looked increasingly more concerned the more they talked.
"I apologize my coding is still in a transitioning period." Tony lied through his teeth, there was no transitioning period, he had seen the coding himself, but he doubted anyone would notice, after all there was no blue prints or schematics of him with Shield. Steve looked concerned when Tony felt another poke in the back of his mind. A video call, from Director Fury.
"Yes, Howard, like I said, was a paranoid man. He was frightened that someone would get inside Tony and steal all of his recordings and steal his inventions, back when Howard wasn't confident in his security system he built in. Tony never records and can't see into rooms that are blacked out, it is also for privacy."  That really sounded like his old man. Pepper picked up a remote on her desk. "Tony, Black out mode."
"Can you turn him back on?" She asked the small machine. The bot whirled a bit and the small screen showed a number light up. 7, 6, 5.
He started answering Ms. Potts just like he was meant to do. Rules made sense, rules were good, and T.O.N.Y. liked rules.
"What are you doing
Steve can see him flying up up up
"I'm an AI." Tony offered, it wasn't like he could just say, I knew your exact measurements from an alternate timeline where you were a child recruitment. But it was good to see Peter actually protected. Tony could rest easy with that information, Peter was safe, with the right equipment he would be good, and he wouldn't be injured, he would be safe.
Oh my God, Peter was making faces in the mirror. Tony watched in utter disbelief as Peter picked up a soap bar and started pretending to be Thor, bad accent and all.
"Howard? Why doesn't he?" Ms. Potts asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also everyone thank you so so so much for commenting and supporting this story!
He could see himself trying to scream, his mouth open, his legs kicking, Howard still growling, that smear of blood all over the place, coated around Tony's legs and hands. Tony still could see from above, from the camera view. Howard lets out a peal of a demonic growl as he picked up Tony and pulled him on the cold table, and yanked on the wires Tony had previous tugged out. He then angrily plugged them in the back of Tony's head, and suddenly Tony's vision flickered and he was back in his own body looking up at Howard as Howard huffed and pulled the leather straps on his arms and thighs and ankles and wrists.
After another three months Tony could now walk comfortably and his muscles weren't...nonexistent just not prominent. And Steve started hovering more than usual, drawing and sketching as Tony worked, and setting down his colored pencils to heavy lift when Tony needed it. It was nice, and Tony did appreciate it. T.O.N.Y. was taking longer than Tony had originally anticipated, he was much more complex than Tony was prepared for, and the new whispers from the electricity was enough to give Tony a bit of a pause.
"Cockroach Steve." Steve couldn't help the groan that slipped out of his mouth. Clint would never cease to amaze Steve, a true cryptid in his own creation.
And now he was just stalling, he didn't want to have this conversation with Steve fucking Rogers of all people, clearly he had been caught in his lie, and he'd rather have been caught by anyone other than the Captain.
"Yes Steve, it's in my protocol, why?"
"Howard? Why doesn't he?" T.O.N.Y. distinctly could hear Ms. Potts' voice. It was always so clear and sure, like rules, it was always non-disputable.
Why...why couldn't he move? What was happening?
Also thank you everyone for the continued support! IT HAS BEEN SO NICE TO SEE EVERYONE CARING!!
It was getting up on it's own accord. That couldnt be right!? Why was it able to walk!?
Tony felt the poke, and heard the elevator door slide open and the Avengers were coming down to the lab. Perfect! Tony flickered to the elevator camera.
Ms. Potts pulled out of Steve's grasp and stumbled forward. Steve watched her as she slowly walked over the small machines towards Tony and slowly placed her hand on the metal, but immediately pulled it back and hissed. Steve was right, the metal had overheated.
"Right, yeah kid, do what you need to, besides...a walk would be good for us huh...breath of fresh air and all that; get some oxygen in your lung, not that...I have those...so maybe that would be a bit one sided...but still good." He was rambling here...Cut it of Tony! "You know we all need some processing time, me especially seeing as I'm litterally and AI, and you deffinetly need some time, I'm okay I must say agian, -"
̸̜͖̼̀̈_̸̹̒M̸̹͊̅ǎ̷̟̼ḭ̶̧͔͗n̷̡̨̫͛f̸̺͔̼͂ṙ̴̾̃͜ͅa̶̞͐̍͠m̶̲̞͋͒e̶̻̖͐ ̶͚̥̂̚C̷͙̐o̷̼̿n̵̫͗̔̀n̴͔̙̭̅e̶̲̪̫͌č̷͈̓ͅṯ̸̡̥͌̔ī̴͕͈̿͝õ̴͍̞̘̎̈́n̴͔͍͛̿̚ ̷͈͋́͆C̴̫̻̈́͜u̶̞̞̹̚r̵͉̟̄r̸̼̜̳̔̓͑e̶̩͋̂̈́n̴̯͌̌t̵̨͙̎͜.̴̙͓̽͒̊ͅä̷̱͒̓c̵͈̈́̄͠t̵͚̦̒̊ỉ̶̙ͅv̷̟̯̅̀e̸̯̥͛̌͝ ̶̠̀=̶̧̬̿̄ ̶̶̧̨̡̢̡̨̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̻̻̘̲̩̱͎͉͔̳̬̖̜̜̹̻͚̖̼̞̘̣͖̮̣̙̠͕͓̼̳̱͎̻̭͚͔͚̼̭̗͎̱̗͚̜̜̟̟̘͉̳͕͉͖̝͙̘̳̮̲͎̟̝͕͕͇̠̰̫̮̝̺̣̩̝͈̰͎̲̙̘͖̜͎̪͙͔̯̘̘͔͉̞̥̹͕̱̫̫̱̖̤͈̩͉̞͖̖̺͉̱͎͍͈̗̤̜̹̲͓̲̞͙̐̆̈́͗̅̆̒̃͒̒̑͌͑̈͑̿̄̈́̔̂͒̒̎̃̑̏́̈̆̈́̽͗̓̉͑͌̇͛̅̌͋̅̐̏̈́͋̂̾̈́̾̉͒̑̓̂̍̏̐͒̽̓̇̊̍̈̾̂͗͗̎̀̈́̎͐̿̽̄͊̈́̈́̿̽͛̒̄̆͐̽̓͋͛͋̆̾͂̐͑͗̋̃͊̒̃̄͒͆̾͐͋̏̈́̓́̏̈̿͛́̿̿̿̀́̆̍̐̇̒̉͂̃̃̋͑̅̆̿͆͒̇͗̽̈̐̈́̈͗͑̍͊͆̊̐͂͌̊̆̊̇̑͛̏̊͋̑͒̈̓̈́̇̆̍̌̌̊̈́̿͋͌͂̃̂̈͆͂͛̂̈́̾̃͋̌͒̔̒͂͆̀͗́̉̄̐̎̒̏̌̃̉̃̌̐̎̋̒̋̈͊͒̇̋̇̓̇̊̃̌̚̚̚͘͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͘̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̕̕͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅf̷̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̯̱̩̠̺̖̲͇̮̦̺͇̠̰̫͍̭͓̺͓̫͍̺̮͖̹̪̭̱͎̤̮̺̙̫̳̺̙̜̖̟̬̗͚͕͖̫̮͓͔̩̯̞̱̰̖̬̳̠͕̦͈͒͆̃̊̂̍͐̈̏̿̈́͂̆̂̾͊̾̍̿͒̈̿͋̔̆̌́̒͂͐̂̏̄̂̃̋̓̾͂̅͗̒̇̈́̊́̾̄̀͑̐͛͆͋̋̐͊̽̂̿͆́̈́͋̐͐̍̉̍̎̈̿̓̑͑̋͗̇̅͐̌͌̓̾̀͒͋̊̊̀̐̀̈́̅̈́̈́̒͑̐̇̈́͛̊̈́̏̽̓̔̇͊̔̅̆̎͗̈͋̑̈͊̎̃̄̔͋̀̋̐̃̂̆̂̋̈́̈́̿̌̽̔̓̀͗̂̽̽̌̑́̒̒̊̋̆̏̋̈́̅̄̈́̒͗̍̿̾̒̈̈̒͒̎̊͋͊͗̉̽͋̂̒̒̈́̇͌̈́̈́͌̀̌͗̽̇̔͑̂̃̃͊̆̀́̎͂͛̀̇͌̆̔͋̉̔̈̇͘̚͘̚̚̕̕̚͘̚̕̚̕̕̚͘̚͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅa̸̧̨̧̢̨̢̢̡̢̡̢̨̧̧̧̨̡̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̝̪̰͎͍̠̬̘͓͍̭̰͖̣͉̥͕͓͕̞̥̭̫̘͓̱̠͙̼̣̮̼̬͔̻̻͕̠̯̟̼̯̙̮̙̱̺̥̦̣̣̘̖̫̝̦̱͔̖̦̻̪̟̥̖̮͔͈̰̟̙̺̮͈͓͇̥̤̤͖̣̳̹̫͈̥̼̱̟̪̠͕̯͖͚̪̪̻̣̺̬̪͕̙̥͖͉̤̣͙͇̤̫̭̭̞͇͚̯̥͇̯̼̘̠̼͇͖̫͕̳̙̩̭͓͉͕̫̬̹̲̠͔̱͇͉̻̺̞̪͇̭͖̖͙̬͙͓̗̩̦͛͒̄̆̀̍͑̈́̓̂͐͑̈́̆̊̐̉͗̽͊̏͒̽̎͗́̔̾͛́͊͌̂͂̈́̃̓̃̽̉͆̏͒͗̈͒̄̒̈͊̃̇̎̊͐̋̈́͗͒̓̒̓̉̌̈́̄̊͛́̈͋̄̄̆̏̎̓̏͊̋̂̏͘̕̚̚̕̕͘̚͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅl̷̨̢̨̧̡̡̨̡̧̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͓̣̮̪̠͉͔̰͔͕̖̣̬̬̤̬͈̦͈̻̺̱̯̬͓̮̰̗̩͙̮̳̬̭̠̩͎͎̙̠͓̥̞͕̥͎̘̪͇̫̭̙̪̤̟̮͍̟̼̦̹̗̣̣̣̱͓̦̥̭͓͎͉̪̦̠̘̲̫̬̬͓̣̝͍̦̲͔̫̠̰̺͇̖̦͓̹͉͔̱͍̻͈̺̪̪͕̪̹̦̙͍̝̣͚͈̻̠̜̜̺͈̭̤̦̫̼̰͓̹̥̥͓̲̱̙͓͚̦̭̠̱̳̻̳̘̗̙̹̦̰̬͇̺̫͈̥̤̜͚̘̱̤̣̰̗͉̅̾̃̓̾̐̎̀̋͊̋͐̏͛̎͊̈́̑́̂̓͊͐̓̅͂̑̒̏͑̽̈́̌̍͗̽͛̑̐͒̿́̋͆͋̉̈́͊̃͐͌̀̈́̅̈́̉̐͌͐͌̾̿̋̎̓̿̀͗̌̑̔̈́̇̈̐̂̇̄̿̓̏̐̐͋͆̈́̇̓͋̔͌̓͊̾͂̿͂͊͗̏͋̎̂̇̂̈́̇͐͌̇͒͊̎͆͊͋̀͛̀̅͐̓̎̈̒̋̔͑͊͊͋̎̈́̄͊̑̑͒̏̾̅̈́̎͊̄̈́͗̓̑͆͐̌̐͌̇̆̓̈́͑̅̽͆̅̾͊̎̄̈̀̅̃͑͆̓̋̌͐̌͋̂͐͆̂̈̑̇̏̌͆͛̆̔̿͛͐̍̂̏̎̊̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̚̕̚͘͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅş̶̢̧̡̧̢̡̧̢̧̧̢̧̡̡̡̨̥̪̯̺̙͓͚̲͈̦̮͙͚̳̻̭̟͉͔̳̬̤̗̞̠̦̫͎͙͔̠̟͇̪̻̬̪̯͇̳͉̭̩͔̫̮̝̩̜̤̘̠̦̳̘̹̱̺͔̝̹͉̤̘̥͍̖̰̖̞͙̬̣̣̣̭̳̘͍͓͈̞̰̣̖̮̦̙̰̥͚̗͚̻͎̩͓̥̲͖͈͕̙̗̬̦͎̝͕̠͉̖͈̹̗̙͖̼̘̰̣̱̬͚̥̱͎̥͕͎͇̦̪̱͓͎̼̬͔͎̣̱̺͈̳̱̻͍̜̤̻͍̫͖͈̺͔̺̬̯̲͇̥̤̣̰̞͈͇͓̮͓̜͓̦̤͔͍̙̪̜̭̏̎̋̈́̎͛̐̏̂̍̒̃̓̒͊͑̌͑͛͊̕̚̚͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅȩ̵̨̨̡̨̡̧̨̧̧̡̧̨̛̛̛̝̖̩̻̗̥̖̫̥̬̭̭̰͓̬͔̳͎͕̣̩͎͎̖̩͉̘͇̝̳͇̲̻̣͓̪̟͈͍͈̮̗̭̣͉̭̗̩̞̣͉̙̺̮̙͙̤̳̙̫̭̞̘͖̭̼̝̗̭̲͙̲̲̯̥̜̦͇̪̯̟̱̭̰̗̗̲͇͓̙͎̟̗̭̖͇̙̩̖̬̠̋̓̽͒͂͑́̿͛̈̾̏̋̐̍̂̌͒̅̓̊͛̎̌̉͛͌͑͋̍͐͌͛̉̆̒̈̿̈̾͆͗̒̆̋̓̀̅̈̑̎͂͛̒͛̀͛͐̐̈́͆̌̀̆͑̐̌̈́̓̌̏̓̈͗͌̄́̒͗̚̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ;̶̨̨̡̢̨̧̨̡̧̨̡̧̢̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̦̬̟̗̖̠̘̣͖̭͙̫͇̺͙͈̤̭̙̩̦̰͚̘̯̣̰̱̜͇̺̺͎̳͙̣̱̻͖̤̞̱̪̠̳͓̬͇͉̞̹̪̣̖̪̭̬̥̣̱̭̦̜͍̫̖͔̮̭̥̬̝͇͙͍͙̘͕̼̝͙̣̣̘̩͎͚̜̣̼̤̲̝͎̦͖̖͇̯͈̳̞͖͉͚̹̺̳̳̬̱̪̯̗͙̘̦͖͈̟̜͙̯̬̺̼͕̯̟̞͍͇̹̫͇͈̙̹̺̟̲̫̩̺̹̘̭̙̦͕̺̣͈̝̫̲͔̟̠͚͖̮̥̤̰̻̞̲̗͈̹̙͕̲͓̜̘̲̗̟̲̗̞̝͇̬̘͈̟͚̤͎̳̣̤̟͉̼̯̭͓͈̙̰̺͈̩̦̘͓͕̠̔̈́̓̉̏̂̐̑̅̃̆̅͊̈́̎̋̔̇̾̿̓͐̄̈́͒̌͊̇͊̎̏̑͑́̔͐͒͌̾͂̅͆̔͆̅̄̈́͊̀̄̊͐̈́̊̒̓̋̑͐̑̄͆̿͊̉͐̽̅͐͋̓̍̈͒͐̓͊͐͒͂̉̄͗͆̒̓̇̐͗͐̔̈́̽̿̍̏̒͋̂̅̋̎̽̎̔̋̓͌͗͂̔͗̍̒̈́̒͑̍̈̌̉̄̑̾͗̏̎̄̋͊͋͐̿̽̄͂̈̾̏̋̆̏̔̈̓̊͗̉̉̔̀̎͛̆̍̉̑͛̆̈́̅̌͋̌̆̏̐̏̇͐͌̿̐̔̍͌͛̈̓̕̕̕̕̚̕͘̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ;̶̩͍͍͝
"I apologize Captain Rogers." Steve dropped his head into his hands.
"wHAT? I'VE BEEN TALKING TO AN AVENGER THIS WHOLE TIME!?"
"I can- I saw a man in gold and red, he took the nuke through the portal." Steve tells them in a shaky voice, he shakes his head and lifts his head, his eyes still shut, tilting his head, "I see him going up  into the portal, but that's when it starts to get a bit confusing." Steve finally opens his eyes to look at his teammates.
It seemed simple enough to understand, Tony never understood why father couldn't figure it out.
"Clint?" Steve whipped around to look at the mostly naked man still eating his slice of pizza hazardously, and there goes all the crumbs, that was going to be a nightmare to clean u- and yup there was a pepperoni- wait, no, Clint picked that up to eat. Yeah clearly the mark of a man that was going to be able to outsmart Howard Stark.
Steve.
Maybe that was something to be proud of...Howard never was a good man.
"Yes, My main job is to care for anyone who comes to be my charge, if that involves hurting others in order to do so, I am allowed to do so." That was horrifying, Tony...tony didn't have any rules against harming someone.
Tony's head snapped up to the Ai in front of him....that was easier said than done...but...Tony realized maybe...maybe he could do it for once....maybe this wasnt all his fault...
"Tony? Are you awake?" Ms. Potts asked seeming to look at the machine as if to find a sign. The small machines seemed to calm down as they retracted back from the machine. "Tony? Please? Answer me?" She quickly snapped back at Natasha and Steve.
"You want to...erase yourself..."
And by God he can hear him, his voice again so soft and determined in his mind, so...familiar....
Tony turned around and there was...him? Well a child version of him at least... He stood in a proper stance shoulders up hands clasped behind his back-
Sam looked down the elevator shaft as well with a small humph and a nod.
system_state = SYSTEM_RESTART;
....ₛₒ wₐₛ ᵢ....
Why did Tony's head hurt so much -
"Steve..." Natasha slowly stepped forward, looking at Steve's back, which was tense, as if Steve was getting ready for a battle.
When Steve got up that morning after sleeping that night, It had been a very restless sleep, he was ready to work. He had a lead, Natasha had said she had someone that could probably crack into Tony's security. That meant they had a plan, and they would soon get to the bottom of this. And wasn't that something good to hear, Steve liked plans, it was so assuring compared to nothing, winging it just was too dangerous.
Okay first thing was first! Getting rid of that pesky coding!
3_Do not act Human_
int reboot_force;
"Was it on purpose?" Ms. Potts asked looking horrified.
"A metal armor? Like a robot?" She inquired.
"Hey Peter! Peter!" Tony's ears suddenly filled up with a choke and his eyesight shook with movement as Peter scrambled to get a better hold of his phone, and there was Peter, red rimmed and looking so so hopeful, fuck did Tony care for this kid.
"You deleted that law?" Pepper asked she took a step back and almost bumped into Natasha. Tony had control over his laws...that meant...there was nothing keeping him in check...that was horrifying. What was keeping Tony in place?
"Where is the fun in that Rogers." Natasha huffed out as she too flopped herself onto the couch, but with far more grace than Clint could have ever mustered.
"Yes Mr. Wilson, it is unfortunate, I will be undergoing multiple procedures and updates to make sure my systems will never be breached again." He offers, just take the excuse, please, please, he was terrified of being, well, unplugged. He was remembering the portal, how dark and cold it had been, but this was worse...so much worse it would be just nothing, he'd be...nothing. Tony couldn't handle that. He couldn't help the fear and cold that felt like it was sinking into his bones...if he had those.
He was going to die. He was going to die.
Tony's vision shook as Peter squalked and jumped, Tony not being able to stop the laugh that fizzled out of the cracked iphone's speaker. He could almost hear the small gasp and then laugh from Peter, but it was good to hear Peter laugh, Tony loved when Peter acted like the kid he was, he deserved a happy and safe childhood. By the time Tony had sobered up they had reached a small apartment door. Peter jabbed his thumb into the buzzer and Tony wished he had a better camera to scan from, he was so limited on this....
Natasha stepped forward, she didn't know where Spiderman had come from, or how the person had even gotten inside the tower, but judging by the way he was trying to protect Tony, it was clear Tony had kept some secrets from them.
"No, I mean me, call me Tony." Peter opening his mouth in a wide O formation, processing the new information.
And so he couldn't help but get dragged into a small conversation. He just couldn't understand what was happening, all the while that same phrase still echoing inside his head like a damned bullet, ricocheting inside his mind and leaving painful stings behind, "
"May I ask what triggered such a reaction? Deleting a law? Deciding to reveal as self aware? Or acting human like?" Great question! There was Natasha again with those hard questions, and Steve...with his beautiful face, mind you blank, but beautiful face, he was obviously not following along.
His eyes hurt...well no....he lost everything again. he felt so cut off from the world, drifting in the binary code of cyberspace, he...he wasn't anything anymore.
Around the third time Tony was tugged away from his work he finally took the first step to contact Pepper, who cried a lot at finding out the truth, and as much as it annoyed him, she did crouch down as if talking to a child. Just for that he purposely stayed up with her as they made the new Legs Tony needed.
Tony slowly opened his eyes to see Howard in front of him standing next to a screen talking on the phone with someone.
Okay...ouch, right,Tony didn't know about all that and well, right...Peter did literally witness him getting cracked open like an egg.
There was a humming snap, and suddenly Tony felt extreme vertigo as he was ripped back from his resident phone, bouncing between...code...things..changing.. 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00100000 01110111 01101000 01100101 01110010 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101000 01100101 00111111
blocking_notifier_call_chain(&reboot_notifier_list, SYS_RESTART, cmd);
Which admittedly was cool, but not terribly important to the current predicament, Tony felt...slow and laggy and all around like a bad IOS system, which honestly he shouldn't have been surprised seeing has his whole complex AI was trapped inside a single Chip of an Iphone, which Reminder number two, get Peter a Stark phone....if those were a thing still? They probably would be, Pepper wouldn't have let the opportunity pass to take on giants like Apple and Google.
Strange surveyed them, and Steve was sick of his pale green eyes running over them, Strange knew everything, and the fact he wouldn't speak was one of the most frustrating things Steve had ever experienced. Strange had all the answers at the tip of his fingers and here he was leaving Steve and everyone in the dark, did he not realize what was at stake!? He had
Why was the kids face glitchchching out, why waaaas his mouth filled with blooddd?
OMG OMG, I'M SO SORRY THIS TOOK SO LONG! THIS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BUSIEST MONTHS EVER! I had my finals, was in urgent care for a while, then I finished finals, My mother got cancer, and then I had to drop out of school, its been a wild ride. And this chapter has been hell to write. I wanted to make it long, but I felt so bad for making you all wait so long. So here I am finishing it up at 4 am.
That...was a lot to take in. That....But that didn't make sense at the same time...if one form of Tony was still out there, and This AI was the copy then why was Tony here? Why wasn't Tony in the body? It didn't make any sense....T.O.N.Y. was the copy.... did that mean...Tony wasn't meant to be in the main body? He saw him escape...
But it was too late, he was already strapped in...Jarvis HAD SAID! HAD SAID HE WOULD COME!
Now Tony remembered...he was impressed with the kid's work, it wasn't everyday that someone was able to break into Tony's code, and even then the kid had done it pretty damn easily, but he was young and Tony had gotten the alert, and boy had he been pissed off, on one hand Tony knew that yes...he would have done the same had be been in that situation, but he was never going to admit that to Peter, he was trying to be a good role model. Not....relatable.
"Well....yeah? He floated..." Natasha closed her eyes and scowled as she tried to remember, "He had this golden cape....I can see him with this crystal in his head, bright gold and shimmering, and a girl....girl with hands aflame with red like blood, I also remember some giant....he's huge, tall and towering, I can see him stomping around laughing. I can see airplanes, an explosion, I can see Steve and Bucky running and I follow after them with the man clad in black....and I...I..." She snapped her eyes opened, "I switched sides...." Steve watched in anticipation, he didn't have any real memories from this...Civil War.
"So...now what?" Clint finally voiced everyone's thoughts. Natasha glanced at all her teammates in front of her and Steve could practically hear the plan forming in her head.
Steve had more than just those two weird dreams that night. He had many, and each one was worse. He saw many instances were this Brown eyed man would turn into that gold and red monster that had hurt Bucky. He saw that man create a being of metal and Red and how he had seen so many fall. He saw cities leveled and saw Shield Aircrafts fall from the sky, he saw this man drink and drink and drink. And Steve knew that this cold feeling in his chest could only be hatred.
Can you find him?
"SpiderMa- I MEAN! WHat!? Why would You accuse mE of being this Spi-ider mAN." Peter's voice cracking during some of the vowels.
Tony felt like a child again, back when he had accidentally spilled Howard's special drink on his papers and hid amongst the thousands of closets that were cordoned off in his hous-
Thank you everyone whose commented, you do make it better, even when I think I dont want to continue I see those comments and I cant let you all down.
"Stark!
It was silent as all the Avengers processed all the new info.
It was just so frustrating. He closed his eyes again hoping for sleep to come again, and luckily for him his wish was granted.
"I think I have an idea..." Steve said making eye contact with Natasha.
Ned...Wait...This kid
"No. His protocol shuts himself down and scrambles all of his coding and IP, nothing can get in, I assure you." Pepper stated calmly, damn, if Howard made that code Tony didn't want to praise it, but there was a chance it was his own coding mean he could praise it as much as he likes: So damn was that a smart idea.
He hadn't waited for Tony to talk back but already started heading towards Natasha's room as quickly as possibly, he wasn't expecting to almost slam into her outside of her door, but in the long run it was significantly easier to not have to wake her up. Natasha could be scary when you woke her up expectantly.
Here he thought he was important, that all he had done was for good and being helpful. Who knew the most helpful thing he could've done was die when he was a kid.
To make a battery...a self sufficient long lasting battery that used his reactor technology.
"Is he....there's no way he's alive...one his brain is open....I'm not a medical...doctor, but that can not be healthy, and the electric shocks...no way can a person survive that." Clint had a point...Steve looked closer at the man and that's when he saw it. The man's eyes were running wild beneath his lids, spiraling, he...he was dreaming.
Sam was also gone probably-
Howard did not control his life in his world, he would not in this one either. Tony flickered to that same coding screen as the Avengers started to suit up for their mission. Tony could basically feel the pokes in his mind telling him to get back to the Avengers but...he had better things to do, like free will. What was the point of being an AI if he couldn't even use that to his advantage.
"The Arc Reactor is powering you up then?" Tony asked bringing a hand to run through his hair, even though he was moving and he had a body again, there was a lack of feeling, he was drifting.
I'm so sorry for how long this took, it's been a bit difficult to keep up with my life lately, and honestly it really feels like my world is just spinning to out of control for me to keep up with, so i took a break to write this and honestly it might show with how graphic it is...Plus i'm in some Halloween mood. But thank you everyone for commenting and showing support, I never plan to abandon this story, and I already have plans for more stories.
"Yes Captain Rogers." He offered.
When Peter finally looked down at his suit, his eyes got even wider, making him spin around to look all around the suit, lifting his arms and then screeching again. Man did this kid screech a lot.
Omg, guys I'm so sorry this took so long, I'm in finals hell and my college got so intense. I was not prepared, I only have 2 more weeks then I'm on winter break so more chapters will probably come then.
"I'm not going to be asking Tony anything."
Thanks for reading and supporting me!
So this feeling was what Jarvis felt for him? And that would be okay if...if Howard wasn't the one that had made him, this was terrible. The actual worst, he was being forced to love someone he hated.
(See the end of the chapter for
......
"Am I going to get a straight answer from you?" Natasha asked Pepper looked back at her, With his other cameras he could see her face, her eyebrows furrowed, she did that when she was thinking.
Damn, he couldn't ignore that. Flickering to the launch pad he started up the process to get the Quinjet ready. Not waiting to see if the Avengers were late, flickering back to the coding screen again. Scrolling through Tony finally spotted the coding keeping the error DO NOT ACT HUMAN from happening. Fucking stupid, Tony was not going to be stuck as a polite butler, even Jarvis was allowed sass. If Tony was going to be stuck in a giant ball machine- ha a literal ghost in the machine- he was going to own it.
"Perfectly Mr. Tony! How did you know!?"
"About the circumstances of my creation."
This was a new start, he could fix this, he could fix this, he was okay, he was going to
You've never seen them?
Tony Stark smirked, pretending just like he always did, as Doctor Strange materialized into the Lab.
device_shutdown();
"And no one tired to figure him out?" Clint asked.
"Maybe next time you think of doing that, warn us?" Bruce asked softly with a nervous smile. Tony flinched or felt like he had as something jabbed into his back one of the rumbas had whirled to life. He felt much better now, much calmer, everything felt much clearer.
He watched as the three of them walked into his room. Damn he wasn't prepared he didn't have enough time!
"You said they are another world? Why are we getting the memories now?" Clint sounded out, and Steve looked over at him, right....Strange had said he had messed with the universes. But why? Why had he?
AND that's it, I'm sorry again for how long this took. It's been very busy lately. But it's out! I got the chapter done! Tell me what you think and also I have to say the only reason I am taking a break to write this during my finals is because of a comment asking me to update, I'm a sucker for comments.
enum reboot_mode reboot_mode DEFAULT_REBOOT_MODE;
"Stark men are made of iron Natasha, I think Howard hid something in the machine!" Steve shouted as the elevator came up.
"A war?" Bucky asked softly, speaking up for the first time.
"Any villains with the ability to mess with dreams..or memories" Memories and dreams? What was happening with Steve?
"What?" Ms. Potts asked the shock of the statement making her freeze at the words.
"Just that box, open it up for me." Tony instructed Peter, just so excited that the lights were getting brighter. He watched Peter slowly open the box just so meticulously careful with the opening of the box, He reaches in and slowly pulls out the spider man suit, and going wide eyed.
̵̨̡̧̡̛̞̗̱̤̠̤̝͍̼̪̫͔̯̜͖͇̹̝̬̩̳͚̩̠̜̪͙̞͇̫̟̗̭͔̖͖̭̹̫̳͔͉̠̙͓̜̠̹͙̪͙̣̜̬͉͙̰͚̠̫̱̥͎͕̯̥̟̻̠̼̖̠̫̟͌́̈͆̓͛͗͊͂̓͊̈́̉̉̈͛̾͗̑̇̇̂̑͗͒̅̔̄͋͊̈̅̾̀̏̇́̅̔̌͂̃̽̉́̔̆̕̚̕͘̚͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅ.̵̧̢̡̧̡̨̧̡̡̡̨̧̢̛͚̦̥̥̤̬̬̬̩̭̼̳͇̬͖͙͔̮̺̪̦̺̺͍͉̼̲͕̣̹̺͚͍̱͈̤̖̞̣̮̤̤̤̝̻̩̳̝̤̖̲͇͓̭̳̟̬͇̝̰̥̹̩̩̤̞͓̺̪̼͓̝͖̘̲̞̻̻͉̪̮̬̖͎̬̭̭̰͍̥͓͇̣͕̮̰̜̱̖̭̘͓͇̩̫͕̥̜͈͓̳̝̻̤͎̻͖̞̗̘̗̼͖̫͓̘̟̝̲̺̺̺͕̹̭̩̤͎̪̯̗͇̩̰͖͙̝̜̘̙̻̟̟̻̮̳̬̼̦̯͉̰͚̭̱̲͐̀̔̉̊̈́͌̈́̑͋̈́̏̃̈́͊̓͒̐͑͑͆̀̏͂͑̆̔̓͑̊́̒̅̎̔̈́̋̌̅̋̈́̌̄͋̈́̊̉͒͌͂̌̌̇͊̓̆̍̈́̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅ.̴̨̡̨̢̡̧̢̨̧̢̧̡̨̢̛̛̯̞̺̹̪̰̺͖̗̦͇̦͎̮̯̥̬̯̠͇̫͕̲͈͓̺͈̯͕̫̻̰̠̥͈̜̳͈͔͎̮͚͎̩͖͖̤̰̼͎͔̫̖̰̦̮̟͖̭̜͓͚̫̞͍̰͍͔͎̙̙̗̞̣̤̳̰͎͍̜̰̲̣̣̱̥͔͎̮͕̩̪̝͕͕̣̲͍͖̹͕͚̥͔̝͖̦͙̫̠̯̖̟̝̭̟͕̝͖̼̜͓̲͚͖͚͕̤͇̣͍̖͕͚͙̟̖̖̰̯̣͚͎͇̪̟̖̺̙̺̘̹̙͉̞̯̙̻͕̮̲̩̭̞͎̹̳̼̦̱̯̗͔̹̗͖͈̳̜̺̥̝̥͉̮̠̺͇̬̥̲̯̰̗͖̙̗̮̗̻̗̖͚̮̠̪̙̬͎̣̥̹̥̩͖̭͍͖͇͚̞̩̲̙̦͕͖̿̔͂̈́̎̐̑͒̀̓͒̎͒̓͛̎͋͒͐͂̅͒̋́̔̉̐̅̉͒͗͆̄̓́̌̈̐̇͛̍̎̉̀̆͂̅̏̽̅̊̈͑̌͒̋͌͌͌̏̆̋̊̽͌̃͛̒̍̔̓̑̆̓̂̎̊̈̋̍̿͌͛̄̏̂̎̈́̓̒̆̓̌̈͂̌́̿͒̈̉͌̔̐̒͐̎̅͐̅̂͆̽͋̿̏͛͂̈́̒͂̈́̐̽̔̇̔͒̈̂͛̈́̈́͛͆͆́̈́̾́͑̈́͑̓̓̐̿̊̃̅͆̄͌͛̂̊͛̆̕̕̕̚̚̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅh̶̢̡̡̨̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̡̛̗̤̹͖̦̞̬͚̙͍̜̯͈̱̙̭̮̤͈͇̖͕̲͇͓̺̻̺̲̘̻̲̣̩̥̻̮̺͍̹͙̳̫͔̠̖̰̗̣͓̲͖̜͎̫͉̼͓̲͕̙̮͍͖̪̼͇̻͉͔̙̰̣̜̲̣͓̟͙͙̖̯̫̲̲̳̫̣̬̲̲̳̻̞̙̣̜͙̝̙̠̜̙̗̞͖̼͉͚̼̬̼͈̦͓̜̣͙͉̳̯̘̹̮̳̪̝͙͓̖͙̤̤̣͂̈́͆̒̃̌̂̒͗̋͂̔͌͛̓͂̿͋̍̀̔̎̽͑͋͐̋͑̈́̑̈́̈́̓͑͂̔̂̍̓̇͑͊̎̑̇̅̃͒̆̈́̓́͊̐̌̓̅͒̐̏̀̋̓͋̂̈̆̇̇͋̂̔́̔̓͌̍̈́̾̔̐̌̀̿̅͛̉̆̄́͂̉̆̔͗̄͆̍̉̽̾̀̎̃̈̀̐̄̕̕͘͘̕̚̚̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅē̵̡̧̡̡̨̡̨̢̢̨̢̡̡̡̨̡̡̡̢̧̢̢̢̛͔̤͇͎̱̺̻̣̣̲̝̣̜̥̹̳͉͎͈̲̟̩̜̗͓̣͕̫͉̞̯̜̙̥̳̦͖͙͚̤͙̬͔̪̰̱̙̣̲̠̺͍̥̲̙̘͉̦̣̬̘̤̲̦̩͍̭̝̺̜͚̫̱̞͕̜͕̰̠̯̭̙͇͉͍̘̭̮̞̪̩̝̩̬̪̰̟̞̫̩̖̬̬̜͉͙̭̞͔̗̹̬͎͉̖̮̩̫͉̱̝̗̼͚̬̦̳̥͔̻̟̥̞̖̝̝͔̩̰̦̞̯̱̟̘̼̠̮̖̜̙̝̰͎̈́̏̽͛͊̋͗͊̊͐̇̀̂̎̇̓̀̃͑̉̅̑͊͋͒̿̈̈́͒̀̈́̅̎̏̈́̓̈́̂̃͂̏̅͋͌͛̆̍̊͂͆̈́̓̿̔̏͒̉̅̽̓̈̋̌̔͛̒͗͗͋̌̋̔̈́̀͒̋͑͗͊̐̅̔̐̈͑͂̇̌̇͗̆̓̽̍̈́͂̅̽̇̓̉̊̊̇͌̈́̄͌͛̆͋͒̆̎̓͒̽͆̓̓͌̆̔̓͂̏̃̎͑͌̇̋̎̇̅͂̃̅̅̔̃͂̿̓̈́̒̈̅̇͗̈́͛̿̃̾̈́͆͋̔̀̓͗͌̊͗́̊̀̓̽̂͌̓͂̎̆͌̔̊̉̒͌͛̄͌̊̒̄͛̍̕͘̚͘̕͘̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̚͘͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̡̨̡̢̧̢̧̡̡̧̢̡̨̡̡̡̧̢̡̛̛̛̝̮͓̩̻̦̣̰͓̤̠̤̗̣̺͇̮̰̗͕̙͍̥̲͙͇͇̱̠͙̣̮̯̙̬͕͍̩͙͈͙̱̻̲̭͇̗̤̼̬̞̫͎̣̱̞̺̞͙̣̦̟̞̺͚̩̹̥͈̗͓̥͎͔̼͔̯̭͎̰͖͇͎̯̘͎͚͓̱̬̩̳͕͉̲̪̜̘̞̣͙͔̘͔͕̝͉̬̰͙͙̘̝̝͎̮̪̭̱̠͖̝̙͔̞̙͖̱̦̙͈̘͖̪̦̞̼̝͓̝̰̬̭̩̙̗͖̞̥̩̮͖͓͔̬̉̈́͌̆̐̒͊̽̍͌͊̒̄́̏̌͊̐͂̇͐͂̐̋̈͑̿̽̈͋̅̈́̎̆̆̌̑̏̀͂̆̏̆͗̂̏̑̊̊̀̌̌̌͂̃̋̾̆͗͆͗̎̇̌̏̌̂̏̃̊͋̈́̐̌̎̈́̒̉̾̄̿̈́̋͋̎̂͊̓̔͌̃̌̂̽͋̅͐̆͊͊̄͛̆͑̉̽̽̆͌͂̓͒̄̈́͒̏̓͊͐͌̓̇̐̇̒̓̇͌͑̽̿̽͊̾̑͆̎͂̊̈́̔̚̕̕̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅẁ̶̧̨̨̧̨̡̢̡̢̢̧̡̢̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̖͚̪̩͖̝̠͉̦̯͎͖̫͈͕͇̺̻͈̩̗̼̟͚̭̺͉̗̩̗̜͇̦̩̜̬̱̻̠̜̟͉̫͔͙̘͉͈̲̘̟̻̣͙͚̖̜̝̝̗̫͓̟͚̫̰̻̼̼̱̳͎̹̥̦̮̭̬͔̯͔̻̱͕͍̝̳̘̩̭̱̫͉͈̭̺͉͚̣̳̹̳͔͈͍͚̞͎̫͕̟̺̝͕̻̬͈̺͓͖̤͙̲̘̱͕͔̭̳͓̦͇̯̱̩̖̙̫̝͔̜͈̤̱̣̟̞͍̞͔̜̬̩͇̩̜̦͈̣̠͎͓̲̼͓̗̥̩͍͔̤͕͍̝̼͕͓̳͕̟̼̼̙͎̘̗̹͇̐̎̈́̽͑̏͐̉͛̈́̋͛̒̈́̈̍͒̈̾͌̌̓̓̍̍̀̿͆̑̇̋̊̒̾̈́̃̀̈̀̉͂͊̅̔͛̅̉̆̈͗͗̑͛̑̏̃̾̈́̂͊̉͂̀̒̔̆̑̂̎̈́͆͗͋̀̊̽̔͌̍̈́͐̽̌̂͛̏̊͌̉̊͑̄̐̇͆̋̎̄̓̓͆̃̃̿̔̇͆̏̓͌͋͆̈́͊͌̈́̂̌̐͌͐͆͐̉̃̀̅̋͂͋̏̓̎̎̒͛̆̇̑͂͐͆̒͋̿̋͆̇͒̂̽̽͑̄̔̇̄͋̾̓̒̊͒͛́̈́͊̈́́̔̔̀͐͆̀̃̃̎̓͘͘̚̕̕̚͘̚̕͘͘̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅa̸̢̧̨̡̢̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̤̩̥̹̙̭̹͇̱̱̪͙͙͙͔̝̻̖̰̫̟͓͚̼̗̖͚͓̙͎̫̠̰̜̖̪̺͚̼̮̫̲͇͚̘̙̹̳̲͓͕̰͕̞̞̦̱̗͖̻̦̺͚͍̖̪̜̟̥̟̙̪̺̟̳̝̜͈͕̲͍̳̭̜͔̩̱̼̳͔̪̪̯̫̺̮̳͉̖͚̺̮̘̠̤̼͈̳͕̲̼̙̪̩̺̠͓͈͙͉͍͕͚͍̱̼̺̲̦͖͉͉͓͔͂͒̅̿͆̔̃̒͂͑́͆͌̓̌͐͋̈́̎̈́̾̾̏̃̽̎̍̃͌̉̔̽̓͗̔͋͗̈͌͒͒̌̽̎̕̚̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅş̸̡̡̡̧̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̱͚͇̥͔̬͖̭̳̩̱͔̘̜͔̞̖͉̹͕̗̗͈̬͍͈͍̫̭̯̮̲͚̺̟̜̪̼̭͇͓̮̭͎̺̩̯̞̲͕̣̥̩͈̪̹̼̼̫̼̣͎̝̱̘̖̲̳̦̝͍̳̻̞̹̖͈̠͙̱̙̻̹̩̗͈͇̘̙̞̫̠̆̾̑̀̍̉͌̋́͐͐̌͆̌́͐̏̅́̽̎̒̈̉̌̋̊́̃͊̇̃͊͂̂̉͒̔͒͊̇̎̈́̈́̌͛̆͊̇͑͑̓͑̈̀͆̊̔͌̄͆͐̒̍̏̿̾͊͒̈́͐̾̉͛͒̈́̿̍̈́̆͐̆͂̒̑͋̍̀͐̃͌̊̔́͗̊̔̑̌̎̊̀̎̆̈́̀͑̾̏̑̊͂̽̄͗̒̏̎͐̂͊̎̈́̊͒̐̍̃̍͋̎̋̍̀͂̊̍̄̌͑̍͌̏̽̈́̊͌̍̄̃̈́̓̌͂̆̔̿̎́͊̎̇̍̈́͗͛̉̃͆̅̒̋́̅̈́̉̓̓̽̑͑̅̈́̓̾̅̈́̃̐͋̆̏̇̒̀̂̽͊̋͌̈̌͌̉͂͗͛͗̒͒̐̓̽̉̌̑̎̐͑̄̽͋͌́̓͐̌̏̉̃͂̆̒̌͐̿̄̂͌͒͐̈́̂̅̕̕̕͘͘̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚͘̕͘̚̚̚͘̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ ̸̛̛̛͓̜̞͎̼̘̳̜͇̻̹̪͓̤͖̰̟̥̙̙̭̱̻͈̫̼̬̥͕̇̂̎̈̆̎̉̓̿̄̈̋͛̊͛̒̅̍̃̿̔̈́̈́͗̉̃̄̈́͒̃̂̈͌͋̊̀̇̇͗̇̾̓̈́̐̐̓́͛̐̈́́̋̆̋͑̈̐̍͆̂̓̓͊̋̊̾͌̍̔̊͗̉̐̇͒̓̐͊̇́̓́̃̈́̒̍̇̾̊̓̐̂̅̿̉̚͘̕͘̕̕͘̕͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝ģ̶̡̨̧̡̡̧̨̨̨̡̛̛͇͍̟̱͔̫̗̜̞̯͕̠̹̬̠͕͉̝̝̜͉̖͓͉̳̺̣̖̙̫͖̰̫̼̯̤̳̥͇̱̦̹̝̣̯̘̟̼͍̠͔̼͚̥͙̤̰̟͇̘̠͕̞̟̰̯̜̩̗̭̩̝̜̲̰̹͖̣͖̻̟̯̫̬͓̮̫̲̠̦̻̹̥̻̝̣͓̰̘͈̥̭͓̩͙̟̯̭͚̹̜̱̬̩̘̺̰̞̻̳̘̥̗͇̂̊̋͆̆̆̾̽̽̈̾͌̾͂̽́̄̊̋̿͋̿̽͆̀͑̒͛̑̇̿͐͋̌̈́̿͂̒̅͌̐͊̒͒̓̇̆̔̔̋̿̏̅̌̍͒̿̃̈́̄͋̌̇̂̈́̑̀̓̿̈́̍͌̀̔̀̒͐͊̃͊̎̆͆̅̕̚͘̚͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ǫ̵̨̡̛̭̻̟͉͕̥͖͙͎̋͗͛̓̅̓͆̓͛̚͝i̷̛̥̼̬͛̄̏́͊̑̂̈́͋͑͂͛͂͋̈́̏́̑̈́͑̔̔̏̏̉̏̆̆̓̓͋͊̐̎̏̑̒͋͛̈́̆͛̏̃̒̒͆̈́̒̄̽͗͛͗͂͐̔̑͗̌̍̾̅̿͒̓̂̾͛͋̀̓̀̏́̽̊̽͛̊̆͛͒͐̃̍͊́̑̉̏̌̎̅̂͐̽̆̀̈́̉̇͊̕͘͘̚̕͘͘̚͘̕̕͜͠͠͝͠͝n̶̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̡̧̡̢̡̧̨̩̯̲̦͚͖̲͙̮̲̣̤͇̫̯̤̲̱͓͍̹̠̱̭͔̼̺͍̻͔̪̪̦̯͔̯̫̟̖͈͈͖̣̬̣̯̫͙̜̜̹͙͚͙̘͚̜̰̬̪͖͔̠̰̩̮̗̩͓̤̯̺̲̺̝͓̙̼̘͕͈̠̼̩̻̥̥͖̦̞̰̩̖̮̺̙͈̬̙̳̼̪̫̠̠̳̹͚̲̝̰̬̯̝̞̞͓̗̭̗͋̕͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅģ̶̡̡̨̡̢̢̡̡̧̨̧̡̡̧̧̢̢̧̢̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̠̞̝̯͇̭̗̰͉̩̯̙͉̹̦͖̪̞̣̻̫̯͍͈̗͍̲͇̼̮͇͇̱͔͇̞̤̩̠̱̰͔̱̠̫̲͍̫͓̰̖̞͈̟͉͇̫̼͓͙̰͎̞̖̜̣͔̠̩̦̳̻̗̹̞̦͖̺̩̳̙͖͚̜̱̣͈̦̥̞̱̮̩͓̪̮̻̺͉̝̩̖͉̯͎͕͖̫̪̯͙͓͍̝̯͍̜͈̟̯̺͙̪͍̜̼̠̤͎̺̤̘̱̯̝̻̞͔̯̺̦̣̫̬̬̼̮̱̱͉̤̹͖̤̱͙͓̜̙̝̳̣̮̤̲͓͔̠̭̣̝̯̼͖͚̬̳͚͍̗̰̭̝̲̮̜̩͔͙̮̹̞̦̦̠͉̞̟̮̜̭͖̙̟̪̺̥̰̟̬͇̜̤͍̰̼̝̹̖̘͈͖̙̤̮̬̤̭͙͎̫̤̟͆͆̅̀̉̃̊̌̇̒̄͛̐͋̈́̊̅̏̓͆̾̋̃͋̈̑́̀̇̊̔̈́͂̈̋̋̂͋̊̈̏͌̔̔̋̇̓̔̓͊́͆̈̇̍͆̉͋̉̑̓̚̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̨̢̨̨̡̧̡̛̛̛̠̞͈̼̣̥͎̣̼̹̫̘̦̠̟̜̲̹̱̲̝̫͔̬̹̜̫͇̣̗̟͈̙̯̥̮͇͈̝̟̹͔̘̐̈́̊̅̋͛̎͛̉̉͋̇͆̈́͐̅̽͒͒̋̈́͌͐͆͒͗̅̾̽͌̅͐͊̈̈͋̉̾̋̀̽͑̑̈́̿̂̂̌͋̎̈́̀̆̈́̿͌͑̇̈́͒͐̑͊̓̄̾̈́̓͒͌̾͛̍̾̈́̍̍́̿̊̑̈́̒̇̎̉̓̽̏̍͌̓͌͐̋͑̃̔̑̄̔́̋͌̈̇͗̈̊̅͆̍̀͗̂̊͒̅̏̀͑̒̐̈͋̉̀͐̇͗̾́͒̈́͒̈̋̏͗̔̍͐̃̀̓͂̑̽̌́̾̂̈́̈͋̐̂̂̒͂͑͘̕͘̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̕͘̚̕͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅt̴̡̧̢̧̨̧̡̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̖̙̝͕̬͙̤̘̥̝͙̫̻͕̺̻͍͉͚͉̲̣̹̣͖̥͈̳͙̠̩̩̜̘͖̭͇̼̣͕͔̝̙̘̱̺̻̬̞̘̜͚͙̻̮̭̩̙̘̀̇̇̆̊̂̿̊͛̅̽̋̿̿̏͐͒̑̇̿͒̈́̓́̽͛̃̉̈̓͒͂̇̄͌͊̒̀̈́͊̌͋̓̋̅̇͑̇̆̌̆͊̋̌̆̊̽̓͒̈̒́́͊̔͑̿̈͋̔̇͌̇̽̐̃͑̋̇͌̂̌̿̓̀̔̓̓̆͑̅͑̄̅̔̇̌̽͋̉͊͒̽̋͗͊̔̆͂̆̂̉͊̃̐̓̃̃͊̅̀̈́̈́͐̍͑͌̉́̑͊̉̔̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅơ̷̧̨̢̧̡̡̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̮͖͙̩͈̣͕̬͙̯̪͈̼̙͙̺̪̳̭͈͉̟̼̪̭̗̮̗̬̯̩̯͔̘͔̯̖̙͍̜̹͇̩̖̱̤̤̗͈͎̫̟̼̭͙̞͔̪̣͉̞̞̤̝̫͚̹͚͕͙̼͈̲̐̈͒͌̎̈́͛͑̔̄̒͛̋̾̐̓͑̅̈́́̌̌̐̏̎͗̇̈́̈̂̑́̂̃̈̈́̀͑̓̏̇̽̄̔̋́̽̋̔̆͋̋̋̔̽̽̎͌͒̍̆͆̓͑͛́͑̏͌̾̊̂̈́̊͒́̈̀̎̾͊̂̑͋̈̾̉̾̓͐͗͂̈́̄̽̿͒͌̈́̉̀͊̎̍̓̊̐̓̓̿̓̀̀̊͆͛̾̽́̔̉̂̈͌͋͐͛̾̈́͐́͛̿́̃̈́̍͐̐̂̂͊̿̈́̍̂̈́͆̔̾͊̔̽̋́̑̑̿͑̃͑̎̋̑͑͋͗̋͊̂͆͆͊͑̀̑̑̋͂̓̉̂̓̓̒̓̓̊̀̅̈͊͋̓̇̏̆̀͋̂̕̕͘̕̚͘͘̕̕͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ ̵̢̡̨̨̨̨̢̡̨̢̢̨̧̡̡̡̡̨̧̛̖̗̹̮̲̭̪͚̦̣̬͍̬̜̺̟͙̼̟̳͇̤͔͉̤͎̙̦͚̫̪̱̣̪̥̞̼̥̥̩͇͕̥͔̗̪̠̱̣̳͎̥̰͉̯̭̱͎̙̳̗̹̬̹̤̰͇̘̫͓̯̲͍̩̣̟̣̘̦̲̩̯͖͎͕̱̳̣͈͎̬̭̬̻͕̜̮̖̤̬̮̫̩͕̙̫͈̳̪̭̭̟̲̣̙̫̰̺͈̰̟̯͖̦͎̘̺̳̙͖͚͔̯̙͚̯̭̩̥̤͓̥͔̙͓̳̣̜̪̠̳̱̻͇͓̯̯̬̤̼̱̟̗̰̣͙̙̳͇̟͉̰̫̱̮̫̠̞̱̺͔̗͔̺̘̥̞͍̱͈̮͈̗̻̞͖̭̪͕̲͓̱̠̦̠̲͍̦̱͓̹̥̘̞͙̦͖̣̥͉͔̻͙̫̳̙̣̪͛͛̂̋̎̄͛͊̊͌̌͂̏̏̆́̃̈͐͛̒̃͋̉̓͊̾͛͒͆͛̿̔̾̉̓́̎̐̈́̂̐̈́̿̋̑͐̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅd̴̡̡̧̡̨̢̢̨̢̢̢̧̡̢̨̡̧̢̢̤͖̩͎͇͇̬̠͕̖̩͎̺͙̤̗̺̤͙̖̯͙͈̖̫̰̱͍̹̺̯͉̯̹̭̳̘̣̟͚̥̪̘̘̫̺̙̠͓͓̝̫̻̜͔̘̹̟̺̭͍̻̺͔͕͕̼̳͍͙̩̜̺̫̠̖̟͚̝̪̥̙͉̖̣̮̘͙̩̮͎̜͕̪͙̺̰̤̼͓̝̠̰̱͚̖̠̲͚̜̬̺̯̤̯͙̲̠͔̣̣̞͙̜̻͓̬̤̜̰͈̞̹̻͇͓̞̪͚͎̩̬̺̦͉̼̞̣̦̣͈̪̬͚̺̻̱͚̖̲̳̥̲͚̳̺̙͇̟͍͚̙͉̩͙̫̞̝̞̦̱͚͇̙͓̹̠̥͓̩̗̣̫͛̔̃͆̆͑̓̅̉͊̈́͑̈́͗̽̒͌̏͑̅̏̾͑̅͊͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅį̵̨̛̛̛̛̛̝̪̤̣͙̻̖͉͈̠̲̮͍͖̹͚̙͓̬̞͓̻͂͐͒͂̀͊̈̂̒̂͐̋̾̑̈́̄͌̆͑̐̅̂̓͆̇̃͑́̀̅́̂̏̔̋̏̌̈͌̅̋̎̂͆͆͗̿̎̂̅͛̈͋̊̔̄͂͛̾͒͆̈́̉̋̂̈́̓̈́̈́͌̈̂̎͊̔͊̌̌͐̑͑͗̃͊̒͌̽̿̈́̌̏̑͆̓͐̈́͐̾̂̅̉̍͛̇͐̅̉̈͑͋́͌͗̍̿̓̃̃́̄̈́̈̔̈́͛̈́̉͆̌̑͐͊̈́͐̔̎̾̃̈̊̎͌̌̈̈́̍͊̄͛̍̇̾͗̓̽́͋͒̈́̈́̌̓̓̂̆̌̓̌͊̿͊͂͊͑̉̇͒͂̏͘̚͘̚̕̚̚̚̚̕͘͘̚̚̚̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ę̸̡̡̧̡̧̢̛̛̛͙͍̙̣̥̜͙̯̞̮̼͎̠̩̹̭͔̭̹̖̯̺̱̝̼̼̝͇̰̗̠̠͓̟̳̩̣̦͖͚̭̩̖̦͈̠̞͙̪͓̗̟͕͇̲̭̙̦͙̟̉̾̈̓̓̏̽̓͛͂̑̅͆̉̿̂̔̇̔̔̉̌̍̓̓̋͊͊͛̂̾̐͋͗͋̈́͋̋̈́̅̎̒͐̃̐̒̏̏͂͋̑͐̿̈̋͐̄̎͂̍̋̄̌̾̚͘̚̚̚̚͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ.̷̨̢̨̧̡̢̡̧̨̧̧̧̡̢̡̨̢̠̦̮͕̤̫͍͉͎̱̮̬̼͓̹͓̻̯̖͙̟̰̮̥͔̫͙̹͖̹͇̯͉̦͙͉͈̘͎̰̘̺̩̖͇̯̹͍̹̯̱̦̰̝͙̘̥͕̯̯͈̘͍͈̭̪̪͉͙̪̼̟͈̮̤̗̼̲͔̥̣̭͙͖̟͇͈̬͉͖̲̻̟̫̩͓͖̭͈͎̩̤̰͇͓̙̼̜̰̠̖̬̗̖̤͖̜̬̪̭̥̲̭̪͚̣̖̖̹̠̼̖͚̝̫͎̰̥̬͕̮̻̲̰̥̲͎̤̣̬̜̠̆͂̌̅̂̉̌̓̍̎̃̒̊̓͛̇̃͒͗̋̈́̐͗̂̆̆̒̏̇̔̎́͐̔͐̄́̄͑̀̈́̋̓̄̑̉̒̐̓̈͂̎͊̎̿̉͆̃͌̽̈́͋̐̇̈̍͐̄̈́͌̈̄̆͐̿̈́̂̔͆͆̅̿̒̽̾̕̕̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠ͅ.̸̢̢̢̡̨̨̨̢̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈̹̣̼̝̬̥͙̙̩͖̳̮̺̻̠̗̤̜̭̣̪̹̞͔͕̼̩̩̲͇̮̤̦̰̣̭̪̟͉̺̘̦̺̩̟̖͕͍̫̮͍̜̳̙̬͍̹͍̫̥̘̲̘͖̙̳̺̰͍͖͙̖͈̳͕̼̰̝̫̙̯̺̮̇͒̓̿̊͛͛̇̾̌̉̇͑̃͊͋͐̿͑͛͊̽̌͗͆̈́̀̈͐͊̾̌̔̇̃̉̎̈́̿͗̂͊͂̂̋̑͋̓̇͒̅͐̒̀̔̐̽̒̌͋̋̋̈̏̿̄̆̇̋̂̓̎̆̌͛͋͌̓̊͛͆̇̀͌͊͐̀̄́̓̂̽̾̏́̈̈̏̋̒̑͗̐͛̾͌͋͑͊͂́̇̃̓̑͊̃̿̅̍̈́͑̀͑̈́͆̋̊͂̍̇̾̾̔̎̈́̋̆̿̅͒͛̀̌̌̐͛̈́̆͋͐̽̆̿͛͒͌̄̾̓͂̾̊͊͌͊̈̒̇̃̓̀̈́̉̄̏͒̈́̾̏̓̈́͐̉̓͗̀́̉̒͆́͂͂̐͊̃͂̕͘̕̕̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ.̵̡̨̢̡̧̧̨̧̢̧̢̡̧̡̡̨̧̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̩̞͚͖̱̱̪̜̞̖͎̞̳̠͚̰̝̻̟͉̗͖̩̞̼̰͍͎͖͙̘͔͕̠̱̥̟̞̤̬̣̭̮̝̼̭̝͍̰̬̣͇͈̹̟̩̘̣̼̗͕̺͎͇͎͙͇͕̞̳̭͈̦̲̘͎̱̰͔͔͈͇̞̗͖̠̥͎̻̜͈̹̹̖̮̹̠̜̲̮̯̞͕̰̣̭͕͕̣̪̲͔̻̗̖̟̫̤͖̥̹̥̜̘̫̻͉͕͍̞͙͍̮͇̩͍̫̖͍̻̪̹̹͕̼͚̩̲̭̤͍̻̭̦̟͙̲̯̮̟̥͍̻͓̺͈͎͚̣̻̖̻̦͈̙̝̗͍̦̟̙̹͚̲̘̦̠̭̗̅̇̎̔̂̂͂̉̈́̅̒́̓̄̂̈́̒̎̂̋͊͊̑̒͆͐̾͛̏̌̃̈́̋̅̋͆̌̄̊̓̇̅̾̽̌̾̒͆̀̍̆͒͌̑̊̏̎̂̏͗͛̑͆̂̈́̅̋̆̇̂̆̃̉̎̂͂̃̏̀̐̏͌̐͛̆̾̆̆̃̋̓̑̽̎̄̅̇̎̏̓͆̋̇̇̒̌͋̃̀͂̃͐͂͂̇̓̈̓͐͛̓̅̌͛̈́͆̈́̃͑̌̈́͒̽͐̈́̈̌̆͌̋̿̇̍̈́͋̊̀͒͆̈̑̃̈̊̋̒̏̒̓͆̋̚̕̚̕͘̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̚͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅ
We are so close to the end, I'll be sad to see this story go, but I think with how much love and support is here in this community I will be continuing to write, and see where I go with this. So again thank you to everyone who continues to read this fic, and thank you so much for all the comments, you all just make it so much better.
"Can you answer me why Howard killed his son?" Steve asked almost reverently.
What? C'mon! How am I supposed to do anything with you hindering me at every step!
Tony put all his strength in the muscles of his limbs, pushing them to gather up underneath him and not fail him now. His limbs were so shaky and broken, and thin, they hadn't been that thin when he had first sat in the chair.
int reboot_default = 1;
"I'...I'm...sorry..."
"You can not, or will not?" Natasha asked slowly, leaning forward, oh, she was already in interrogation mode.
(See the end of the chapter for
since this all started...since Tony had started being...god...
"OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, MR. TONY THIS IS AAAMMMAZING!!" Peter screeched out again as he picked up the suit again and let it fall out of the box, displaying the whole suit. "This is mine?" He asked looking over towards the Tony's dome, with starry eyes. Yeah, Peter liked the suit.
When Tony's vision slowly opened back up it wasn't to the usual sight of the arc reactor glowing. In fact it was black, but not the usual pitch darkness that sunk in his soul, but something more fuzzy like...the quality screen was bad.
Tony was looking down at a large textbook in front of him...it was calculus and the words on the page were swirling too much. Tony hated it, it gave him a headache and father was always angry when he didnt complete his daily mathematics.
Tony hadn't even realized how disconnected he had been, and suddenly he could
Clint sighed and then glanced between Bruce and Steve, "So like...We gonna get the Big guy out oooor, Steve gonna go ape shit on the floor here?" Steve looked over at Bruce and slowly shook his head,
What?
Oof! We are so close! This is going to end real soon! We are finally going to understand what's happening! And Clint again for the save!
"No. His protocol shuts himself down and scrambles all of his coding and IP, nothing can get in, I assure you." She stated calmly.
WELL THATS IT! Whew, that was a lot of work, trying to write this like one giant security system was pretty difficult.
January 19: Howard hasn't came out of his lab for a week, due to a concern for his health an override of his coding was used to get in his lab but he wasn't there. Discovered a hidden lab underneath but the lock is unlike anything we have seen yet, Stark has been hiding some tech from Shield.
"No chance it connects to all CEO's and Ms. Potts could help us out?" Clint asked.
why did Tony shut down?" Clint asked out loud, and he was right? Why did Tony shu-"It's a law." Steve whispered softly.
Tony chewed on his lip as he thought...so T.O.N.Y. would die...would he?
"Hold on, Hold on, Hold on! Howard
"I...I...can't...won't...I want....I...hate Howard...but...I don't...I have to stay loyal...I'm just a security system....I'm not...I'm...me...I'm...I'm...I'm...I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm"  Steve had to take a step back as sparks had to explode out from the back of the machine. The small machines started to whirl to life and race to the wires, pulling out needles from their arms. Racing to Tony as he continued to chant I'm as if glitching out.
"Good, now lay him down and hold him in place, while I work" He commanded, feeling more like himself. Sending in the rumbas he was careful to slowly have them pick up the arm and get to work. These rumbas were petty cool, they were little engineer bots, they were awesome, and this was not the time to be thinking about it.
4.) Do not allow my archives to be accessed.
did The kid look so sad...his eyes closed as...oil? dribbled itself down his face...he pulled his hands back and brought them to his chest...he was so skinny... and
Can you please bring up archives of our creation.
He watched Bruce try and steady himself and fixed his glasses on his face, nodding slowly walking over to the man. Bruce slowly began to flutter over his wires, his hands moving over the pale and bloody skin, He shifted the bed slowly so they could see the man's back...numerous wires plugged into his skin, thick metal ports surgically placed along his spine, Howard had turned his own son into a Frankenstein. Steve felt sick.
Steve had been told how honored he should feel that Howard had been willing to sacrifice his personal life for his duty. To be searching constantly for Captain America, and that he hadn't given up on hope.
"Yes." Tony repeated.
Tony's eyes snapped open again, he couldn't wait for Jarvis!
And THERE IT WAS! His answer.
Tony flickered his eyesight to see the Avengers eating pizza that was probably cold, Pepper was gone already. Bucky did look significantly better, although Sam wasn't that far off away from him, the stats bursting onto his vision stated the possibility of his recovery, his metal arm laying limp by his side. But he was easily better than he was earlier. Natasha sat next to Clint who had his legs leaned up on the table, getting dangerously close to falling back. There was Bruce next to him who looked exhausted, it could be contended even more so than Bucky. Steve was next to him but to Tony's surprise he wasn't eating any of the pizza.
#include
OH HO HO! So robot him could crack a joke! There was hope yet!
Slowly he pulled out the second thick wire, and felt the smaller three wires braided with it brush the back of his neck with cold steel as they too fell away. No lost of sight this time....There was one last wire in place, and Tony was adamant to get it out. This one seemed more tighter, when he tugged with his right arm, he felt something shift inside his head, i̸̧͓̳̩̟̿ṭ̶̮̩͇͗͂ ̶̢̃̓̾̏f̷͙̓e̸͇̲̾͗̀̇l̸̰̳̟̙̕t̵̖͓͙̟̾̍̓̆͑͘ͅ ̴̢͙̭̭̙̆̓̚ẅ̵̦̥́͑r̵̛̬͕̠͓̲̽ͅŏ̷̞͓͎̣̈́̉n̴̛͖̼̘̏̈́̊͝ͅģ̵͈̺̲̪̆̉͜.
"It's not that bad..." Steve said feeling slightly offended. Natasha looked up and stood,
"Now Captain please warm him up so that Bucky can warm up properly." Slowly the Avengers started moving Natasha was still incredibly stiff waiting for an attack. Clint had his bow drawn and ready, even Bruce looked incredibly nervous. Steve had his shield out, Falcon had his wings about to open.
yup, bad metaphor, still a little sore subject, he should go easier on the kid. Tony was being so
Ḑ̶̨̡̡̣̤̱̻̫̼̹̟͚͔͕̜̥̪͍̲̥̘͉̟͇͙͙͙̪̟͍͈̪̻̱̹̣͔̭͇̫͇͈͒͌͂̽͛̂̈͆̑̉̎̀̐̀͂̈̒̈́̓̏͌̐͆̒̇͛̃͒̑͘̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͠͝ͅo̸̯̺̰̰͈̟̠̮̘̫͎̖͉͉͎̬̖̭͖͇͎͎̠͎̺͎͉͇̺̮̳̪͓̫͙̟̺̺͑̆̾͆̾͒̅͋̋̓͊͗̃̎̂̌̅̆͆̀̋͆̊̇͂͂̔̋̾̀̋̄̓̊́̈̈̑̉̇͘̕͘̕͘w̸̢̨̗͙͕͔̻̞̹̙̮̖̯̗̬̜͇̩͙̰͍̠̻͙̩͉̹͕̘̼͉͈̲͇͇̫̮͇̬̯͇͉͖̒͒̆̋͆͠ͅņ̶̠͙̿̐̅̉̍͌̉̈́̋̽̌̈́̂̚͝ľ̴̨̢̛̯̟̟̝̲̥̰̤̭̳̝̯̈́̾́̈́̐͐̉̈̽̍͆͑͋̀̆͌̅̏͗̾̍̄͊̎̓̒͒͐́̍̎̈́͋͠͝͝ợ̵̛̣̬̗̅̑̓̈́̽̉̀̉̎͐̂͊̔̈́͆̄̽͌̓̃̓̇̈́̈̿̓̒̔̓̌̒̾͂̋̆̌̒͋̕̚͝͝å̶̢̧̢̧̡͕͖̱̺͙̩̜̥͇͎̙͚͔͓͔̳͚͖̫̗̜͙̳͈̰͍̗̭̤̤̩̥̖̪͔͙̣͕̤̹͗̇̍̓̄́̄̈̔͊̇̾͒̇̌̿͊̐̋̓̑̅̒̕͝͝͠d̷̨̛̛̦͇̤̩͈̱͓͓̣͉̘̣̥̳̖͚͚̬͕̪̗̠͙̞̺̟͖̃͗́̈́͛͂́͊̎̊̿̉̆̔̎̀̒̅̀̅͂̍̏̃̔̐̆͌͒̾̄̃̈͐͋̇̆̔̈͐̚͘͜͜͝͝͝͝i̵̻̦̮̯̬̘̬͓͖̹͍͔̯̣̲̼̱͔̾͛͗̈̈̏͑̊́̓͑̚͘̕͘͝ņ̶̧̢͚͍͉̪͖̮̣̳͉̞̘̺̝̦̭̹̱̟̐͆̒͊̆̐̄̾̉̈́̓͑̿̀͛͒̾̎̕ͅͅg̷̨̮̟̠̤͈̿̐̒̓̀͋̓͑̀͂̑͑̿̿́͊̌̃̓́͒̉̄͌̂͐̓̋͑̿̄͑̑̆̇͘͘̕̚͝:̶̧̩͖̩̯̳͈͖͔̹̯̞̠̹̦̘̹̺̻̠̮̣̘̠̲̰̖̗̘͓͙͈̭̬̳͓̤̼̝͇̱̭͍̓̃͋̈́̍̉̍͐̍̈̄̎̈͌̍̍̇̑̂̽͊̈̓͆̔̆̕͘͜͝͝͝͝.̴̛̙͓̔̔̓̎͊̎̓͋̃̌͂͂̓̐̽́̽̅̈̆̽́͐͊͛̍̽̐͂̈́̄̎̄͗̉̀͘̚͝.̶̡̧̲̟̰͍͔͍̫̼͕̣̺͎̜̮̦̤͈̠̫͚͍̦̞͙͎̥̺̦͍̫͖͇̳̲̤̘̮̯͉͍̻̣̠̫̅͛̈́̆̽͑̔͒̑͐̿̋̋͗́̈̿͌͑̾͑̏̈́̌̎̈́͊̈́͊̔̉͒̿̆͌̏̈̋̏͘̚͝͝͝͝ͅ.̸̢̧̛̲̙̱̰͍̱̭̟͚͕̙̙̙̺̙͚̫̣͔̖̻̘̲͎̘̮̮̺͔͉͇̻̭͖̖̂̓̃̑̈́̇̾̈́̽̈́̓̐̓̎̀̍̏͌͐̈́̐͘̚̕̚͜͠1̸̨̢̛̺̼̭̭̰͉̱̘̮̥͓̭̣͓̣̖͕̺̘̬̘̼̦̩̜̫̦̹̞̓̋̄́̏͑̿̂͒͋͌̄͛̆͛̔͌̍͗̿̆̾͊̉̀̓̾̍̂͌̆͌͆̐͊̂̕̕̕͝͝͠͠͝5̶̟͎̹͕͗̊̒͌̋̽͛̅̏͂̓̍̌̉̈́̍̉͗͛̍̔̇́͂̌̐͆̾̌͒͗̈͘̕̚%̷̫́͌̍͆͌͗͗͂̎̈́̍͗̌̀̑̐̈͛̐̏͊̂̑́͊̽̍̓̈͊͆̒̈́̿̈́̈́̅͂̓̕͘͘̚
Tony couldn't believe this...his dad...had made him, in honor of him? But...why in his world Howard was constantly and consistently disappointed with Tony. Even as a child Howard had been frustrated and hateful of Tony's existence, Tony had the scars to prove it.
"It would seem so."
#include
...it. Little stabs in his back, and suddenly he realized...they...they were rewiring and running off to complete his new strings of code. They were preforming the update...manually?
"What do you mean....by medical standards?" Tony whispered looking into those holes, god...they were so...
"That's impossible" Ms. Potts looked incredibly confused.
"I saw the blue prints on an Avenger's mission." He offered, it was what he had said during the whole...truth serum moment.
"Mr. Tony I think... I might be able to trace it, but what then?" There was a soft buzzing in the air, humming and erratically thumping his processing, Peter had to reach out and hold his phone steady.
It was too much, too much, too much, too much, too much, Stop, stop, stop,
all over again. What a dumbass he has been. He should've left it alone!
But Peter did do what he was told, slipping off his terrible sweats and pulling on the new and improved suit, already hitting the small spider on the chest causing it to deflate around him. The roombas already moving forward and snagging the sweat pants and jacket pulling it towards the incinerator. This was finally happening, Tony was going to burn it.
"Whoaaaa, did you do that?! Did you send up the el-"
"I can not....say..." there was...fear in Tony's words as Steve finally reached Tony's body and placed a hand on the cool metal.
"Sam? You can get us down there right?" Natasha asked leaning over and looking down the elevator shaft.
"Steve?" She bleary questioned as Steve rolled a bit back to avoid smacking into her.
He can see those eyes clouded with fear, hands raising up, covering his face and the shield is moving down heading towards those eyes.
"Ready kid?" Tony asked Ned, he really couldn't handle the responsibility of one traumatized kid let alone two, he couldn't protect them all!
"Well....we know that he did, or he resulted in it?" Steve tried to explain.
int reboot_cpu;
For your charges, not you or me.
Ignoring the sobbing boy Natasha was already crowding to either protect or siphon away, it was hard to tell was hard to tell where the sound was coming from.
Tony just let him have his freak out, being silent to make sure Peter could get it all out of his system before finally shutting down his excited screaming.
That's...that's right! He...Howard was going to do something
"Yes, Hello! Stop being a loser, and look over here, at your phone." Tony wish he could smile as Peter's apprehensive face slowly peeked into view. He then slowly picked up his phone and Tony's vision blurred as Peter wasn't careful as he handled his phone.
But damn was this code long...about 500 lines. Sheesh was that overkill, over one error that wasn't even that important? Tony started to read the coding, seemed pretty simple and basic, but damn was it overkill. That's when he saw it, the fix to the error, an injection of a...was that a drug?? Diazepam injection...into the machine? A calming drug...what the fuck...reading farther Tony could see multiple other ways to fix the error, such as a small black out or reset. But the Diazepam injection was the weird thing...unless in someway it had an effect on the machine? Tony couldn't think how, unless...in this universe it did, damn so much was out the window.
"I don't understand?" Bruce uttered out-loud as Clint yawned, "This dome....it's all...cosmetic?" He knocked the metal and listened to the echoed reverberations bouncing along the walls.
"It was just a simple update Ms. Romanoff, the decision to delete the law was simply to help me preform better for my wards, you." Ha! That was an answer if Tony had ever heard one. Steve cocked his head a bit to the right in thought. He furrowed his eyebrows, Tony was a bit worried especially since he had received a shock today of finding out Howard was a piece of sh-
Which could only mean one thing, someone was messing with his head.
wow I didn't think I would get this chapter in this early but my classes both ended early today and I had the day off free so instead of being a proper student and doing homework I decided to write this out lol. Thank you everyone who commented! It was so nice to hear all of your feedback! and 103 kudos in 3 days, Damn, I never thought it would get this much support, especially on my first fanfic ever.
Encrypted, well it was better than nothing, if Tony was honest with himself he would have thought Howard would have made sure there was no evidence. But encrypting them, even to the machine, that means. Howard knew what he had done. But if he was afraid of someone learning about his...doings, then why not just delete them?
Howard was grumbling something, he sounded distorted and warped, and it was so so so cold. Everything was so so hazy, was he falling?
"Just do it, I don't want to know." Tony closed his eyes his hand over his chest where the arc reactor once was.
Tony rewrote another code and felt something stab his back and felt drained as if all his energy was taken out of him. His vision flickered to a crude replication of his old lab. There was DumE, Butterfingers, and You. And was that all other machines? They looked like rumbas on steroids. They all ran around one giant Machine that was like a Dome with what looked like a thousand- 997 his brain supplied- wires sticking out of it. '
Oddly enough Howard was the hardest to write this time around...But let me know what you think! Again thank you everyone who commented you really made my day, and everytime someone commented it got me working on the chapter again, hopefully my depression wont get the best of me this time around as well.
To see Steve felt a little strange, he felt...fear, a sudden flash of his shield smashing down on Tony's chest ran through his mind. The lights flickered a bit and Steve slowly seemed to wake up from the flash of light. But...to see Steve felt...good, to know he had fixed it all, he had liked Steve had idolized him. And while, yes, he had felt hatred for him for a time due to his Father, he knew Steve was a good man despite stubborn.
"Yeah, It's a bit tight for my wings, but I could do it." Sam letting his wings half open and Steve watched as his jet pack kicked on and Sam gracefully started to hover, grabbing Natasha's hand as they disappeared into the darkness. Bruce looked sick, right....he didn't like tight spaces.
Suddenly Tony's eyes snapped open and the world exploded into a spectrum of whites, blinding his eyes, and scratching his corneas.
"Hold on here! Are you telling us that you meddled with our lives but wont tell us who or why and are insulting us for asking?" Sam asked, Steve glanced over and he could see the simmering anger he felt himself.
"If it's just controls and systems and wires why would there be a rule for dismantling?" Steve asked stepping forward.
Steve shook his head,"no that one is gone, he deleted it, here, one is do not talk about my creation, two do not talk about Tony Stark, three do not act human, but that was deleted, four do not allow the archives to be accessed, and five do not allow refurbishment or dismantling to occur." Steve listed off, as Natasha quickly wrote down what he say.
L̸̡̢̘̰̻͖̻̖̝͎̪͈̜̩̯̞̝͖̺͕͕͉̻͉͖̣̯̰͎̠̱͉͔̖͍̹̱̳̲͐̌́̇̍̒͑̈́̏͐̈́̀̔͗̐́͊̑̊̈̕͜͜͝ͅͅǫ̸̢̨̢̡͉̜̞̮̬̻̤̯̼̼̝̠͓̮̦̞͇̱̖͔̪͍̼̖͂͗̈́̾̒͋̄̄̾͑̌̋̇͆̈́̽̔̈́͊̅̈́̃͆̔̿̾̈́̀̃̚͘̚̕͜͜͝͠a̷̛̱͖̳͖̱̹̖̺͙̫̗̓͗̂̇̏́̽̈̓̓̆̿̾͑̈́͗̕ḑ̸̛͙̫͈̯͖̭̺͍̱̰͔̙̟̰͓͖̪̪̺͓̮͓̜͈̖̻̠͍̮̪̥̤̱̭͕̫͕̻͉̈̇͌͊͒̂̈̾͌̌̓̐̒̌̿̌͆̑̈̃̽̾̈́̿̿̾̽̊̆̄͊͆̐͘͠i̷̢̛̥̘͔̭͇͎͂̎́̆̾̆͒̀̿̄̐͊͋̒̋̓̔̐̿̎̂͘̚͝͝͝ņ̵̨͉̻̥̬͈͖̦̘̩̼̘̠̹̣̻͔̠͕̻͇̲̱̠͙̄͜ͅģ̸̡̮̗̩̪̰̣̥̳̥̞̘͓̳͓̭̱̟̪͚̠̭̩̬͍̬̬̻̘̪̗͊̇̄̊̔̆̈̿́̈͒͋̽̃̚͠͠ͅ ̵̰̥͉͖̼̬̐͐̆̔͊̏̽́̚͝Ā̷̡̧̢̙̫̭̤̼͎̭͉͍͍͙̦̦͓͇̟̭͔̼͆̔̂̉̐̆̀͑͒̈̊̎͑̇̒̈́̒͋̔̾̑̓͌́͐͂͆̔͌̋͊͛̇̀͌͛̽̾͛͘̕͜ͅn̶̡̨̯̜̥̞͓̺͔̫̟̥̺̞͈͎̺͔̹̬͇̻̟̥͍͕͙̱͓̩̱͔̼͈͊̀̂̇̃̅̓̀̏̌̚͠͝ͅͅt̵̨̢̡̧̨̨̛͓͖̥̳͍̻̖̫̩̹͇͕͍͚͕̯̰̱̠͉̳̼͇̟̫͍̟̝̺̣̍̓͗̅̍͒͑̈́̉͌́̋̽̊̈́͂̈́̿̎͌̐̓͌̊͊͆̽̉͐̀͒̐̕͠͝͝ĥ̸̢̢̢̨͓̼͕͙̣̤͙̲̦͓̗͎͖̙͓̠͓̼̭̺̤̳̲̝̺̺̗͓̣̫͕̤̪͕̙̝̤̼͖̬̊͆̿̀̓͌͌̏̆͂̈́͑̔̿̂͆͐̉͆̎̉̕͘ͅǫ̵̧̡̨̛͇͔̤̞̘̱̰͉͔̳͙̭͍̳̪̝̜͈̱̝̪̞͕̝̝̰͖̆̇ͅņ̴̧̝̘̼̪͉͕͇͎̻̣̗͙͔̰̬̩̜͉̣͇̥̘̻͕̇͐̓͒̈́̾̇̄̓̂͆̍͑̍̆̒̀̒͗̈́͂̊͑̐y̵̺͈̣̳̤̬͈̬̞͓̝̞̞̥͉̰͓̤̹̻̺̼̣̲̘̩̤̖̣͈̹̲̩̟̹͖͕̞̬̮͌͗̏̔̆͗̉̅̏̀̆̊̑͜ͅͅ.̸̨͉͖̫̫̭͔͗̂̎̅̈͊̇͛̋̈͆͋͛̊̓͑̇̑̒͂̇̋̃̀̈́̉̽͗̉̑͜͝͝ȩ̸̨̡̡̢̨̛̙̜̤͉͔̯̱̰̲͕̟̘̪̝͓̭̮̱͈̺̗̗͙̘͓̮͓̰̲͔͓͕̟̊̐̍͆̃͐̀͐̍̒͌̽̾͛͗̋͐̑̇̐̾̏̚̕̕͜͝͠ͅͅx̵̨̢̲̼̼̱̳̹͚͓͚̮͕̯̯̓͋̓̈̿̏̆̑̎͗̊̍͐̑̎̿͋̓̍͒̎̈͌̾̚͘͜͝͝ę̷̡̡̛̼̩̰̣͓͍̰͍̻̣̼̻̜̲̜͔͙̝͎̫͇̖͙̳̙͈̻̭̠͋̓̉̍͆͒̔̑̆͛̐̌̓͆̉̈́͂̅̈́̍̅͑̑̍̊̄͐̚̕̕͜͜
He...he was supposed to wake up Clint, that.....that was....his job. Tony looked at Clint sleeping and looked back at the blinking errand in his vision with the time underneath: 6 am.
"Make sure to wake up Steve." she stated calmly still looking a bit interested.
"I can not say." Tony responded back just as dully as before. Steve didn't understand.
"OH! I'll go! you always get that terrible abomination pizza with pineapple" Clint dramatically whined.
Tony supposed that was a fitting punishment...taking away everyone's choices and then losing his own freewill as a price. Seemed poetic in it's own way, Tony always hated poetry...ask Rhodey....he knew.
And times like these Tony was happy he was quite literally a robot.
He had the right to be Alive...no matter what.
"Okay kid, hurry up." Peter snapped on those makeshift ducktaped goggles to his face and smiled brightly.
"For a better future, yes...but why? What had happened to warrant such an action." Bruce finally whispered forward, Steve was almost relieved, Bruce was easily the smartest in the group.
"Okay...nevermind."
"Tony there is no Medical team here." Bruce stated as he stepped out, the other Avengers following Steve in the back in protective mode over Bucky. Damn they were gonna run, well, not if Tony had a say. Tony locked the only entrance in with the elevator door. The Avengers jumped back and looked back at the door. Tony can see the errors flashing but now there was no pain, he could also see their heartbeats raise up,
It was a fun adventure to have with you all!
"Why did you hack into Shield?" Pepper didn't change her stance or face.
"Yes, now be quiet Barton,"  A soft mumble of
devm_unregister_reboot_notifier(struct device *dev, void *res)
"About 10 minutes." Tony offered, "I'm not your phone, I'm far more advanced for a cracked Iphone." Tony huffed, but he knew Peter wouldn't hear it over the rushing wind, honestly thinking he was something those apple people could've made, insulting.
Tony didn't mean to make Dad mad, he didn't this wasn't right-
"Tell me Howard's biggest secret!" He grunted out, Tony knew he could deny the request, the hacking was taking away his laws? or blurring them. It was making it hard to remember them. It was strange, it was like watching a video but also a flashback as well.
"Good Morning Tony, who else is up?" She asked as she started to pull her hair in ponytail.
Steve finally spoke up again, "I had a nightmare where he tried to kill me and Bucky, and he succeeded in ripping Bucky's arm off." Everyone froze at that. He looked into Natasha's eyes and felt sick all over again...this man...why...why wasn't he...why didn't they know who he was?
None of you will know how much your kind words and support did for me and how much this fic meant to me, thank you all for everything you have done for me and reading this fic.
With a flicker Tony's eye sight was filled with white and red. Youtube...of course Peter was on Youtube. Why wouldn't he be? That kid was in love with the camera more than Pepper loved shoes. And that was saying something. That kid was a bit of a loser, but boy did Tony care for him.
"To receive more information about my creation." Pepper tilted her head.
Steve looked down at his hands, when had they started shaking?
Why...why was this happening...wasn't wasn't he weren't they the saaamme?
Of course Tony passed out, and when he woke up he was strapped down in a table and his chest was open. The battery Tony had built being slotted into his chest, Howard didn't seem to mind when Tony started screaming, he had had the secret lab sound proofed after all.
it was white....all white...where...where was he?
He was waiting....waiting....waiting....
"So you did this to help us? Broke your rules and went against everything you know for us?" Steve asked softly, Oh was it weird to see Steve look so openly at him, it had been ages. And even when he was here, Steve had gotten suspicious about him fairly quickly. Although Tony couldn't blame him as he had hacked into Shield, and basically could've gone skynet on their asses. His big eyes made him want to have done it for them his blue, blue eyes-
"Look! That's the difference! In this world, Anthony Stark died, but in that one...the Metal man is Anthony Stark!" Natasha told them and....their reactions were not nearly as bright as Steve had been hoping for.
It was two weeks later Tony was able to wake T.O.N.Y. up....and when the new electricity came back with a different voice and wanting his own name, Tony was surprised by his own decision. Jarvis.
Everything was slipping so far back and gone, and all Tony could do was lookup, look up at the soft blue eyes of Steve.....Slipping away finally....so...this was what it felt like to die....
Bruce looked even more increasingly sick, and he was more pale than green...Bucky seemed to have frozen up and Sam was going into therapist mode. Clint looked the most fine, although still pale.
Those empty holes locked onto Tony's eyes and he stared Tony down, his face not giving away any reaction.
Anyways, thank you for reading! I had been planning to get this out sooner, but I am actually working full time for the first time ever, and it's an actual job not just me working at a cash register. And goodness I was not prepared for it, so I'm sorry this took so long! But I'm so excited for this chapter! I have been so excited to write it for a while! I even saved to use the glitch text effect!
"Natasha, Tony knows what happened to Anthony." Steve started and Natasha snorted, and rolled her eyes.
Tony didn't know Sam that well but it was quite annoying how the guy seemed to be real worried about Tony returning to his-well his prison. But T.O.N.Y. didn't deserve to sit in the darkness alone like Tony had. This was a new cave to overcome and break out of, just another cave, and Tony was not going to be beat, not when the Avengers were behind him at every step.
Flopping backwards onto the bed he couldn't help but release another sigh. Sleep would do him good, closing his eyes he waited for sleep to come, but it was elusive as ever. His brain was becoming too much for him to rest easily. He rubbed his eyes tiredly and scowled up at the ceiling again. He couldn't let it go, why lie? Why have a law to not act human? Why did Howard have so many secrets? Why?
Rather than an answer Tony's eyes flickered and he was suddenly looking at records, oh Rhodey was still assigned to Stark Industries, and what's this? Stane Industries? He hadn't notices at first since it had always been written as SI but Stane had rebranded the company to his name, not surprising really. Tony scrolled through the records, oh? A record of termination? What? Why would they fire Rhodey?
With a snap and a hiss Tony watched in amazement as the restraints came undone. He...He was free??
̴i̸n̷t̶ ̵C̸_̸A̷_̶D̷ ̶≠ ̸1̸;̵
"Theoretically speaking...this dome is nothing but a glorified facade." Bruce spoke his eyes shinning in a way that just screamed his mind was running faster than anyone else could imagine. Bruce kneeled down on the floor and started to knock the cold steel beneath him.
"Please?" She asked with restrained rage. Tony figured he had teased her enough, in this world they weren't used to his annoyances.
#include
machine_emergency_restart();
Omg this sure took a while, This one sure was difficult to write, but we finally finally have all our answers....and with that we only have one last chapter. And this is over.
Tony slowly started to move the rumbas, okay he was getting the hang of this, he just had to think of it as coordinates. Like chess.
Finally got this finished. It took a long time to get this done. Thank you everyone who commented, it always makes me feel better to read them, and fuels me to write faster. This is a more boring chapter but we are finally getting into the bulk of the story. So we can finally figure out what is happening with Tony.
That didn't...then...who was Tony split from?
"That's amazing! W-who made you? Did you make yourself! You don't have any power source, sooooo, you must be self sufficient, how is that? How did you pick your voice, do you have a gender? Do you feel emotions, cuz it sounds like you do Mr. Tony!" Peter getting closer his hands out raised as he flips up those stupid makeshift goggles.
̸#̴i̵n̴c̵l̷u̷d̶e̸ ̶<̷l̷i̴n̴u̵x̸/̶c̶t̷y̶p̸e̴.̶h̶>̶
him. Peter was talking so much that with the internal processing of his cracked beat up stupid Iphone couldn't keep up with his words. Tony wish he had eyes and a mouth and some lungs so he could just make Peter understand he had lost Tony ages ago back when his supposed friend Ned had weaponized his first hamster ball.
"And honestly....wait...from your location...you're at home?" How...how was that possible? Tony was down...which meant...he knew the Avengers was on lock down. He
Bucky shook his head whispering, "But isn't...the memories worse compared to now?" Bucky just looked heart broken...Steve looked over at Sam who also looked devastated by Bucky's response.
Oh...so it had been blood on the floor....When had Tony gotten hurt?
Steve was sitting at the edge of the bed now, looking confused as he look at his old alarm clock next to his bed, Steve had always been admit to use older technology.
But that was behind him, he had lied, and he had tried to ignore it, and boy had Steve figured that out fast, it was within a couple hours...which didn't seem right...Steve wasn't great at figuring things out unless it involved smashing something in.
When Steve jumped down into the dark cavern below he was surprised by the smell. It was a strange smell, and not one that would remotely be considered pleasant. The smell was sterile and yet musky with this sharp buzzing in the air, and Steve could hear the machinery.
"Tony, welcome back." Pepper smiled, but her face still was in that concerned contortion that Tony was familiar with, "Are...are you okay?" She asked softly, so softly it made Tony uncomfortable, like Tony was something fragile,
He just needed information.
Key word there was 'trying', Tony wasn't very good at the actual doing part of that.
"Even if I wanted to...I don't know how."
"Really I'm not doing anything I just wanted to help Bucky, I swear on it." Damn that was some more errors, "Shit, sorry, I apologize Mr. Barton for my actions, I need to fix some of my coding" Tony was an idiot of course he had to
As promised the Steve chapter! Thank you everyone again for commenting, I loved reading them all and the support has been making it much easier to write! Enjoy!
"It's not as simple as it sounds Stark," he whips around as Tony took a step back to avoid that mystical red cape. "Like I said there's no guarantee of the outcome and even then, you aren't alive in all those universes, in some you weren't even born, or if you are, you're different." he shouted. Tony looked down on the floor his mind spinning.
"If I can help you with anything else Coulson, do ask." he offered as another sting came as that original wire before was unplugged from his back. Tony would make sure to never make that mistake of getting errors again, that was a mistake, but it was a bit familiar, especially if Howard was the one that made this machine.....although...that wasn't to say Tony couldn't fix that.
And suddenly the blissful darkness was back...he was hiding again. He...he wanted to keep hiding, until Jarvis would come and make it all good again, Jarvis would tuck him in again and give him a hot chocolate and read him a story at the edge of his bed, and despite his voice being proper and polite, it was never clinical.
"He's brain dead...you mean?"
This was his chance.
Why...why was this happening...wasn't wasn't he weren't they the saaamme?
Iron Man the hero of New York and loose cannon of the Avengers.
"Which means that Howard had not only killed Anthony but he didn't make Tony for the reason he said he did." She whispered looking back at Steve, Steve nodded with the wide eyed look himself. This was big news, that meant everything behind the making of Tony was false. So if he wasn't meant to just be a security system what did Howard need Tony for?
"You wanted to?" Pepper asked softly, her voice hitching. Steve felt a little unnerved himself, but...the tone of Tony sounded just...familiar, maybe like Bucky back when they were teens.
When Tony's eyes flickered back to the archives, signalling the video over, he didn't know what to make of the event. Why...why was the arc reactor there? How did the AI him even see one? And why was it there? There was no Afghanistan event in this world.
It..was weird..keeping things from the team...that wasn't Steve...he never did that and it showed in everyone's faces they were just as shocked as Steve felt....Steve had felt so...
And then they had personally told him how Howard had searched nonstop for him. How he had been brave enough to make his priority the safety of his world and finding it heroes. How he had made sure to put all his effort on finding Captain America and building an empire to protect the world with Shield and also defend America with SI.
Natasha tapped her lip and thought, "What's the major difference between the two, it can't be New York, since I was undercover with the Brunette man."
Is this him working on us-you?
Thanks for reading!!
Tony started to tug on the wires, hopelessly and terrified, his breath catching like shards of glass in his throat. He Needed the wires OUT. HE NEEDED THEM OUT.
But that isn't true...
Howard was walking closer his eyes were
#include
"Ms. Romanov is asleep Captain."
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
Store...
#include
"I don't know what you mean."
"Steve." Steve snapped his eyes up to look into Natasha's. Her hand was lightly holding Steve's but it was firm, her eyes hard, a look that spoke more than a thousand words. Steve needed to be cool headed here. He could not lose control again, to much was in the balance, to much was left to the unknown, Steve couldn't hurt Tony anymore than he already had.
Tony's black flickering eyesight switched to static for a moment as code began to scroll down his screen. Right....time to find this mainframe....smart Howard. Putting the 6th law in a double slashback, it kept it hidden from the actual mainframe, meaning if someone asked about Tony's laws, he wouldn't be able to speak it, seeing as his system wouldn't read it...which meant...technically...there was nothing stopping him from breaking that law. Honestly Howard.....and
They had lied.
"All the rules seem fairly suspicious, especially towards Tony Stark, which would make sense if Howard did something to his son." She offer as she tilted her head in thought. Steve nodded, but still, they now knew that Anthony had been alive when Tony had been made.
If Tony had been dating Steve Rogers he would've been really afraid of a break up right then. Because in all honesty those words were synonymous with rocky territory, none of which Tony was even remotely good at traversing.
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
Right....AI him was still...having emotions.
And he knew that. He did. But just because it didn't happen didn't mean it was easy to forget. It did happen, but it wasn't this Steve and Bucky, but they looked the same. It was hard to forget. The...feelings of AI him made him want to protect all of the Avengers (not that he didn't already want to), but Bucky wasn't always apart of that, but now he felt...something, a sense of duty to protect him just as much as the others.
That's great too. He'd worry about that lie later. SINCE HE HAD OTHER THINGS TO DO. Wait a minute...he didn't need to stick around here. Flickering back to the archives he started to scan for irregular videos. Such a video should be marked.
"Mr...Phone?" He whispered tilting the phone and looking it over.
Also other people are dreaming about the original universe.
He was right....but it didn't make sense nothing made sense, he wasn't....he wasn't a person...
And then.....darkness.
By the time Tony was fully awake and able to breathe on his own, his father's machine was completely built. The electricity inside vibrated in an all new way, the way it spoke was contained and screeched in a new found pain Tony had never heard before. It sounded just as hurt and scared as Tony....it was then when Howard expressed his desire to sped up the process. The process for what? Tony didn't know...
The silence was enough of an answer, he'd leave it alone for now. His vision flickered back online to the archives. Good, he was not going to take another step back. He needed to move forwards. Searching through the videos, he gazed through all the dates. How to know which date is the reset....and even then...would it be recorded? Damn it wouldn't would it? But...it'd be a memory...He had established that T.O.N.Y. was not a full computer, so memories had to be a thing here.
"wait, if that wizard guy merged the universes...where is this...metal man?" Sam asked finally speaking up, he looked more than confused, it looked like it was weighing down on him.
"Have you ever heard of alternate realities?"
"No..." He still seemed in thought and finally he looked up towards Tony's camera, Tony could see his eyes, his mostly blue eyes. He looked...off. "I never thanked you for helping Bucky." He offered.
̸#̸i̵n̷c̸l̴u̷d̸e̶ ̵≮l̴i̵n̴u̶x̴/̸k̴m̴s̶g̵_̵d̷u̵m̶p̷.̷h̶>̵
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha looked up with a small blink, "Ferrei sunt? That's what the password was?"
Fuck.....fuck...this was messed up...this was
"Well that doesn't matter anymore-" Natasha uttered whipping around to face that ominous cellar latch, "What's most important is that scanner right there..." Natasha kneeled down on the floor to look at the scanner carefully. Bruce also crouched down to get a good look at the scanner.
To think even in this day an age a kid could die so young from their sickness. Steve sighed as they drove, seeing the pizza place they wanted to go to he quickly parked. Clambering out he made sure to drop his phone in the car as he watched Natasha and Clint copy his movements. Natasha then shut her door and started to walk out as she finally gave a slight now that they could talk.
When Father held out his hand the electricity devoured.
Everything.
to figure out what happened?" Tony uttered, feeling betrayed in an odd way, he couldnt even trust himself here.
"Oh of course Mr. Tony!" Tony's eyesight split in a unique way he had never seen before, splitting between the phone camera on Peter's phone and the security cameras on the floor and elevator. It was an interesting way of viewing the world, he could just focus on one side and it was like his eyesight filled up with the camera view. Setting the elevator to rush, watching it start heading down the floors, passing the still black out main living common room, and all the lower floors until he hit the basement. Tony watched as Peter did even more gushing of wide eyed joy, glancing around the concrete room and staring at Dummy, You and Butterfingers.
Steve nodded at that...the Hulk wasn't nearly delicate enough to rip a hole in the floor, and Steve did not want to risk hurting Tony again, which meant....Steve was going to have to do it...which also was slightly unnerving. The idea that Steve would have to break open the floor and potentially have to break something delicate again near Tony....Steve didn't want to risk it. He didn't want to risk hurting Tony again.
"No Time like the Present Bruce!" Clint screamed out slapping Bruce's back, slamming Bruce into Sam's hold.
"Not, like that! I mean we live together! LIVE! He's not even- hes not my type!" Goodness Natasha always had to get him with those suspicious eyes, he didn't need this he needed answers, not questions about his love life, he had meant live!
"Clint, go get the pizza, I don't want whoever is watching us to get suspicious." Steve ordered and Clint nodded, running inside the crowded shop.
'We're here to talk about Tony' Natasha spoke glancing back at Steve and Clint, Fuck, he really fucked up now. Damn even as an AI Natasha still found a way to surprise him.
Why was the kids face glitchchching out, why waaaas his mouth filled with blooddd?
The rumbas were spinning around him and grabbing new wires and rearranging more and connecting them to themselves. The Rumbas had little arms that were meant to handle heavy machinery and handle detail, if Tony had control over them they could do the repairs for him, he would lose some connection to other cameras but that was okay, he needed control over the rumbas. Sometimes Tony was amazed by his own genius.
When he had called for Tony to talk he had wanted to find Natasha, to get started on this Howard plan but also to see if it was just him having this strange nightmares entering his sleep.
Sam's eyes narrowed at that, "Oh right, cuz you did a great job at that." Bucky looked between the two and suddenly raised his arms before Steve could retort.
Also thank you to everyone who continues to read this despite it being a year...I know it's difficult to stick with a story for this long, so thank you all so so much for all your support, you make all of this worth it.
Right the other him was still...sensitive about the H subject. Daddy Issues to the max.
"I'm sorry, what? Why aren't we running there, or swinging there!?" Tony raised the volume on the phone to really emphasize his shout. He could feel Peter jump a bit and Tony's vision was so blurry, Tony had given up on even being able to see.
"Can...y.....me?"
"But you were made after Tony's death. And Maria isn't considered a real Stark, even I know that, only the press used Stark for her. She still went by Carbonell most of the time." Steve blatantly said gaining confidence as he spoke.
! Getting attention from his Father, Sir didnt appear, and Tony had a whole 5 months without incident.
Tony looked away and managed a weak nod. Turning to look at his monitor instead, he could see the odd thumping that resulting from the arc reactor.
"Please be quiet Bruce, Genius at work here." He stated without thinking. Okay, that wire needed to go into that socket, and this needed to fuse there. Okay and the nerves needed to be reattached to this wire, and then...he could attach it back to Bucky now. Slowly he had the rumbas lift up the arm and watched almost in humor as Dum-E scrambled over to help pick it up-wait if Howard made him who made Dum-E or Butterfingers or U?-NOW WAS NOT THE TIME!
Not another tool for his deceased Bastard of a Father.
When Howard found the x gene in Tony's DNA he didnt snap, he didnt even bite. In fact he prospered.
But it was then Steve got his first answer.
It was kind of nice to see him rest, and despite it not looking terribly peaceful, he was getting much needed sleep.
A soft voiced whispered in his head.
"I'll drive" She states already getting into the car. Steve nodded quickly grabbing half of the pizza and heading back to the car. He knew they wouldn't be able to talk when they were back in the car, Tony could be listening.
wow thanks everyone for the comments, they always make me feel so much better. Finals were absolute hell and quite honestly I have been having an incredibly hard couple weeks, I also got strep throat so I am so exhausted but they are over and now I get to work on this story again.
Tony wasnt supposed to be in here...but the electricity was always so enticing.
"I'm sorry, the computer is moving a little to slow for me. I need answers."
"You were saying...alternate realities?"
Why...why was
"Good Morning Mr. Barton, today is Thursday, November 3rd, it is a bit chilly at-"
(See the end of the chapter for
This was going to be split into two chapters, the Tony part then the Steve part, but since you waited so long I felt it was best to just combine them into one. Again I'm sorry for such a delay! This Chapter is finally leading into the bulk of the story, and we do have a ways to go, but I can say the mystery is starting to be unraveled.
"Then what on earth are we waiting for? Do it!"
I had an arc reactor, why would I mess with it?
#include
Steve could see a yellow-gold- underneath all that red and he could only think that it was blood. Bucky's blood all over that machine. The rest of the dream had been to blurry but he had woken up before he could defeat the monster. But then he just felt off.
"Okay kid, lets calm down, bring it back to earth, get on the floor, you're making a mess here, I don't want any of my roombas getting stuck in some weird gross web." Peter finally landing down, his back pack bouncing as he jumps up and down clapping.
"Clint....I know this is a common room for all Avengers, but please...consider wearing pants?" Clint raised an eyebrow and looked down at himself, and with an unimpressed look he shrugged. And there he went, continuing his eating of his pizza slice.
"So hold on...it isn't just this Brunette man, we are missing several people, one this Spider Man, we know where he is but hes not apart of us, this floaty red man, the silver metal man, the man in all black, the girl, and the Giant." Sam listed off counting his fingers, "Where are they?"
Steve looked over at Bucky who nodded in understanding. Slinging his shield off his shoulder Steve started Slamming his shield down on the hard concrete, Bucky slamming his arm down to crack open the concrete as well, Steve even throwing his shield down to the floor and Having Bucky catch it and repeat the motion back.
"I...I can not say."
Tony made a decision, he was an AI not some program. He was going to control his life.
Suddenly the kid's red rimmed eyes felt perfect for the occasion, Steve wanted to cry, how had he done that...Steve closed his eyes shut tight and took in a deep breath counting to ten in his head, a trick to get him to calm down. Sam had always told him it was a good idea. When he opened his eyes, Doctor...Strange had already made a new spark portal and the kid was being walked through it with Natasha. On the other side was a room, there was a bunkbed and posters of the Avengers plastered all over the walls, and Lego sets of....something laying across the shelves, clothes strewn everywhere.
Power source then...
"For once Anthony, you're going to be useful." Howard whispered with that same scowl, and slowly reached over to a blade. Tony tried to move, still on repeat;
But still he filled his life with shows and books of fantasy and science fiction and thought, there's still time.
"But you deleted the third rule." Ms. Potts pointed out.
When sleep overcame him, he started to see that dream again. The Robot, the machine, the weapon was attacking Bucky again. His body was blurred in the fast movement but the red, so much red, and he can see Bucky's arm is gone, it's on the floor, destroyed, and the glow from the eyes seem emotionless, the face of the monster is completely frozen in his machinery. There was a glow in his chest, and it was surrounded in red again. That had to be Bucky's blood. This...Thing...wasn't stopping, it was killing Bucky. Steve was not going to let that happen. He wasn't going to lose Bucky again. He can feel the cold metal of his shield in his hand, and he's fighting. He can see the monster trying to fight back but Steve is stronger, and suddenly they are on the floor. The phrase 'so was I' running through his head constantly.
Something didn't sit right with Tony...He just could feel it, something bad was brewing.
Tony tried to lift his head, he was trying so hard, why did his body feel like it was drowning. Suddenly he could see eyes...blue blue eyes.....with a hint of green...
100% Download Complete....01001110 01101111 00101110 00101110 00101110 01110111 01101000 01111001 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110100 01100001 01101100 01101011
W̶̧̛̛̜̩̦͚͎̬̠̹̲̝̜̯̤͖̝̟͓̳̹͍̺̠̖̝͑̔̔͊͂̽̋͑̊̈́̾̾͌͊̍͛̓̍͂̅̓̊̿́͐̄͛͋̍̈́̒͐̂̕͘̚͜͝h̷̹͎̰͔͓̬͚̎̏́͠y̴̧̨̢̛͔̘̩̹̳̞̮͈̩̪̹̼͓̪͕̱̦̺͓͎̘̝͉̳͎̺̗̤̠̽̇̀̈͂͛̅̈́̾̈́̎̈́̍͛̚̕̚͘͠ͅͅ ̶̢̧̢̛͈̟̝̹͔͉̫̦̫̘̞̱̳̝̝̘̯̫͚̠͚̬͎̠̘̳̃̈́̌̆͗͊̒̔̌̚͜͜͝͝ͅͅc̴̨̛̛̲̙̲̱̝̞̯͖̼̔̎̎̃̎͜ơ̶̢̡̧̡͇̹̮̬͚̯̫̠͇̘̠̈́͗̓͋͘ͅư̶̧̡̢̡̛̛̥̙̱̭̗̪̹͔͎̫̮̱̲̭̺̖͇̙̠̘̹̊̎̋̽͐̏̈̂̐̆͂͊͗͐̽̿̎͋̀̽͋̏͊̓̒̈̊̒̐̍̌̆̃̿̋͋͌̍͌̋̈́̓͑͑̄͜͝ͅͅḻ̸͔̣̰͕̥̹̬́̔̈́̌͑͌̾̐̒̀͌͘d̸̛̗̮̝̣̪̜̭͚̩͕͇̭̱̝̜̝̩̲̲͖̣̔̈́̈̒̄̍̎͆̾̂͛̽̑̽̔̆̄̈́̽͜ņ̴̢͎̮̺̫̬͖͉̼͎̱̥̠͚͖̘̲͉͎̃͆̒̃͂̉͂̍̑̽͊̓̌̑̾̔͆̀̐͋̌̇͊͛͋̏̋͑̾̒̆͘͘͝͝'̶̢̢͕̪͉̩͖̩̥̺̙̫̻̻̳̗̟͚̈́̈́̈́̈́͛͗̂͌́͋̄̚̚͝ͅẗ̸̛̖̻͚̠͕͕̱͍̹͈͓̺̥̹͚̟̓̅͋͒̓̿̒̑̊͂͌̽̈͛͝ ̴̧̨̨̛̭̮̝̦͎̹͚̟̗͎͉̮̠̲̱̙̪͈͈͇̈̊͌̋̌͋̃͒̐̽̓͆̇̍̏̓̑̄̈́͐̈́ͅh̵͎̗͂̌̽̈́͂̇͌̈́̈́̈́̈̽̈͒͑̀̔̆̌̈́̌̌͛͒̽̈͆̚͠͝͠͝ȩ̵̜͍̰̠͇̱̝̤̳͉̺̠̝̘͓͇͓̹͔̟̞̳͖̗̣͚̗̯̙̹͙̣̙̘̹͉͚͉̰͔̠̼͍̌͐͊͜͜͝͝ͅ ̶̧̡̛̛̻͈͖̪͈̼̭͉͈͈͚̠̮͇̺̲̱̣͉̹̫̣͈͈̘̥̮̞̰͖͖̳̈́͊̓̈͊̐̆̍̉̋̔͋͂͊̒͌̒̈́͊͑͋̋͝m̶͉̯̞̟̣̏̎̈́̄̈́͌̊̅͆̓͋͆̎̊̌͆̽̒̇́̅̅̓̒͆́̈́̃͗͒̃̇̆̿͐͂͊̐̑̊̊̕̚͘̚ơ̸̧̡̧̛͈͙̖̥̹̘̼̖̱͕̪̥̣̼͚̹̮̹̺̰̦̬͈̜̒̈̐̉̇̈́̉̌̾̃͋͗͌͑̑̈́̎͊͋̉̇̊͘͘͠͠͠v̴̧̨̧̛͍̳̝̱̝̮̹͈͇̼͉̗̺̫̫̘͎̻̼͖̲͍̦̞̖̹̖͇̖̰̻̍̅̊̈́̿̿̽̓̊͛̑̌͠͝͠͝ͅę̶̡̧̜̟̟̣̦̖̥̫̮͈̯̖͍͔̹̺̹͍͇̩̝̯̹̪͓͗̈́́͆̈́͗̂̿͗̓̑̾̃̏͗͒͊̍̄̾͐͌̈́̊̒̐̔̍͌̈́̃̕̕͜͜͠͝͠͠?̴̨̧̡̧̨̢̢̢̻͓͔͕̮̜̙̖̩̟̹͉̘̠̲̟̣̹̰̝̙̻̪̣̻̟̫̳̯̥̪̪̟͈̰̐̈́̔̃̂̋͊̍̂̾͛̏̚͘ͅͅͅ
"NATASHA!"
"Of course, but I do have to ask..." Ms. Potts straightened herself out and smoothed her hair, "Have you reached the singularity?"
Which reminded him...there was no way Howard had made them, those were his robots his children. Unless seven year old him was a fucking robotics genius (more than he was) there was no way these robots should exist. He needed to do that recall thing, like he did with Pepper.
"Wₕₐₜ...dᵢd yₒᵤ dₒ?" His voice sounded so much weaker now, as he carefully reached one hand up towards the dome and whispering, his tears sliding down his face.  "ₘᵣ. ₜₒₙy?"
due to his weak heart. He...was a sickly child? That..that was different.
"Here! And could we please move this along, walk and talk, multitask here, we are on a time limit!" Tony called out, trying to get the two teens back on track at hand.
"I told you Steve, never under estimate the power of dumb luck, Clint is like a cockroach, that man will never die." and was that admiration in Natasha's eyes as she looked at Clint? No...that had to be a trick of the light.
"Well you may know Clint, but do you know
"You have ROBOTS DOWN HERE!?" Tony wished he could smile, he would, watching Peter run around his roombas and acting like they were small animals, patting them and asking what they did, even though none of them had any vocal coding inside.
On the fourth month Tony was able to meet Rhodey again, and it turned out the other man had, had dreams about his long time college friend. Tony happily gave up a day of work to spend with Rhoday and to learn about this new one. It was very nice to be with Rhodey again, his protector over everything. A week later Tony was able to resee Peter, and fuck was that such a honor. Peter had cried- Tony wouldn't admit it but he had too. And Ned- Tony was adopting him next as honorary son- had cried out with excitement. Then Peter was given a new phone, Tony immediately transferred everything over and threw that phone away.
- - - -
Tony knew that. he knew he couldn't answer that, he didn't even know, and he didn't want Steve figuring it out before him. The other him was worried for a reason, Howard had set something up. Tony knew it, Howard was a paranoid person and if he did something as terrible as turn his son into a fucking computer, he would set up backup protocols to make sure nothing would ever lead back to him. He would have something set up to destroy evidence and if Steve got there first. There was no way of knowing what would happen to Tony.
of you messing up all my work!
It was that moment he heard the elevator whoosh by. A distinct noise Steve knew by heart, since usually it meant the arrival of one of the Avengers, but instead of stopping the elevator kept going, heading down...that was odd. What Avenger needed to go farther than the common floor?
"Why can't you just delete all the laws, and help us?" Ms. Potts asked.
Tony wished his head wasn't spinning, he wished his mouth wasn't so dryyy....he neever liked being hiiigh...
Tony had his law breaker.
"He means please." Steve offered, as if Natasha didn't know, and judging by her face she was shocked Steve even tried to offer the help. Steve was good sometimes. Natasha glanced back over at Pepper who gave a minuscule nod, which responded an eye twitch out of Natasha.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh...so you're awake now." Sir's voice had never sounded so....volatile...
"No...I...can't I want to...but he doesn't want me to." Stop deleting things, there was a way to this, he had rules! He had rules!
So....6_Never detach the mainframe download from the power source_
"How did he fix the palladium poisoning?" Tony asked softly letting his head drop forward as he closed his eyes, he didn't like the white, the static the soft vibrations of noise when the AI did anything.
At the 6th month Howard had a request of electricity...
Tell me, you have archives of the history of Howard's lab?
'What are you doing Tony?' Bruce asked cautiously. Tony did not need the coding scrolling past his eyes right now, he was trying to focus!
Tony needed to fooocus...something wasa happening....
Okay Tony could do that if he needed. He flickered back to Steve to see Steve looking frustrated, yup, he was definitely planning something.
"Look I know it sounds terrible, but I did the math, I've thought about it and this is the best option, I need to make it so the Civil War never happened. You and I both know there's a great war coming and the world needs the Avengers. The Earth needs defenders, needs hero's and while I do still believe in the Accords, bringing them up before this event was maybe not the best idea. We need accountability, we need to not have free reign so that this world can stay safe, but right now there's a bigger threat on the move." Tony crossed his arms, leaning back on his table.
"Hope I didn't damage that little brain of yours." Why did Sir sound so....resentful? What had Tony done, why...why was Tony never good enough? What could he change?
"It's not though, Tony how did you know how to fix his arm?" Steve asked softly, cautiously, carefully. It was...uncomfortable to hear him speak like that. And also shit, he only knew the blueprints from his world...maybe the other him kne-
Nothing is changing! I'm just viewing!
"Steve, I think we need to take a look at all the laws Howard gave to Tony." She said evenly.
"There's no blue prints or anything?" Sheesh, sometimes Clint surprised him with how slow he could be.
Right...Peter Parker, he's fifteen, would be in Queens.
Steve slowly brought up his other hand up and started to look at the seams at the dome, it looked fragile enough.
"He's an AI, and honestly, I think he pretends to be more machine than human. He updates himself and decides which codes to keep and which ones to delete. So whatever Stane put in, I always assumed was deleted." She spoke softly, "When you say not acting right, what exactly has he done?" she asked softly.
"It's fine Steve." He offered, he needed to get back to the archives, and then he needed to search for Rhodey and the kid. That was his to do list today, and unfortunately Steve was not on that list, he was tomorrow!
Bruce tapped his lip in thought and Sam took a small huff, Bucky scowled a bit in confusion. Steve thought a bit more, how could they know there was a difference? Things like the Metal monster hurting Bucky? When did that happen?
Bruce hummed in his horrified path, he glanced at everything that seemed to be jammed into his body without care.
"What do you mean they don't exist! That has to be a mistake!"
And...there went Bruce...
If Tony could smirk he would. A new opportunity had appeared, no law against acting human and finally the AI him was acting normal. Emotional people tended to revealed more than they wanted. And AI him clearly did not have a cool head at the moment.
"Well...What do you remember Bucky?" Steve knew that answer....Steve had heard about Bucky's nightmare, and had seen it himself, the man in the metal body, the monster that had hurt him so so bad.
Tony you're being unplugged
.........
......
"That is not possible." Tony responded once again without emotion. Wow did AI him have as much emotions as a cardboard box. Obadiah suddenly slammed a device to his dome body, and watched as his vision started to break away at the edges. He was being hacked.
Tony could see himself being dragged back to the cold metal surgical table. Howard was dragging him back his short hair. This was
"What?" Natasha asked but Steve was already walking away towards the elevator.
Steve immediately jumped forward to look over at the computer, and honestly he didn't understand a word of what he was seeing. Natasha looked up horrified with wide eyes,
"What is all this Tony?" Steve asked gesturing around.
good!
"You felt bad??" Clint piped up, but that wasn't right, they didn't feel bad about....well no that wasn't true but if this person really was a villain why would Sam apologize for doing his job?
He could see those eyes, and suddenly everything was shockingly clear... like a jolt, Tony was jump-started back into clarity..
Bruce was looking at the damage and carefully side stepped the little robots scattered on the floor. They were also dark and turned off, devoid of all light. So...Steve had broken them too.
here is another one, I'm trying to get these in before my projects get to be too much for me to find time.
Tony's head lifted as something once again tugged at his skin pulling his head back....it...it didn't hurt. In fact....Tony couldn't
(See the end of the chapter for
"Right, as I was saying; we need to get me back to my main body in the Avenger's Tower, since you're out of that Tower...it's going to be a little more complicated. We are going to have to wirelessly connect me and-"
"Tony...you said no dismantling is allowed to occur right?"
The resounding shout nearly pushed Steve back on the floor...right...he hadn't...told anyone about that.
He knew he was screaming, screaming so loudly, he wasnt sure what he was saying.
and yet...it didn't and then came the moment he realized there was no magic in the world, the real world was harsh, cruel and unforgiving, and he found he couldn't stoop crying at that realization.
"I need a screw driver, something is wrong, Tony doesn't shut down! I need to open him up!" Steve looked over at Natasha as the lights finally dimmed down and the elevator lights turned off.
That did make sense...but...to think Rhodey wasn't going to be involved with the Avengers at all made Tony's stomach twist a little, well if he had had a stomach that was. But at the same time this was good, to think that everything had just worked out perfectly without him really didn't necessarily feel good.
When Tony slowly could see the arc reactor again he knew he was out of the memory.
"Spider Man is a cool dude, and I appreciate the compliment Mr. Phone but I'm just Peter." Peter nodded to himself as if he had done something good for himself, goodness this was the future generation?
"Good Morning Ms. Romanoff."
"Sir! I was just- I, the electricity!"
Tony looked back at the kid him...he...he wasn't kid him anymore...his hair shaved and his arms and legs bloody...that hospital gown back again
No one told Tony what to do, not even his coding.
Then....He could handle that....
He could hear Bucky choke as the light swung down to look at the large old smears of blood on the floor. Smears that told of someone trying to walk, and being dragged back. Steve slowly walked forward towards the sheets of medical dividers, as the other Avengers started spreading out to look around. Slowly reaching out a hand and grabbed hold of the divider and pulled the sheet back with a screeching squeal of the metal scratching on the floor.
Glitch text:
"Ms. Potts, this is Natasha, I need a meeting now, its
Steve looked over Bruce's shoulder at the ground and sure enough....there was a latch in the floor with a finger print scanner on the lock...
So he....he was dead...Okay okay...and he died when he was seven...
Right, Tony's eyes flickered over to Bucky and Steve. Bucky sat at the edge of his bed his head in his hands. Steve was huddled next to him his arm around Bucky's shoulders. Okay so Bucky wasn't much better. Tony could see the temperature at 76 degrees, a little too cold for either of the two soldiers. Tony slowly brought the temperature up to about 80 and up to make sure that they felt more comfortable. It was probably going to be a bad day for Bucky, and probably a recovery day for him tomorrow.
Tony whipped around to see Fa-no...he smelled..he was wrong it was Sir...
of feeling like a piece of
"Ah, Ms. Romanoff, we talked earlier, how can I assist you." Ms. Potts stood up from her desk and walked around her desk to lean on it.
Well here was to hope that Steve's determination was enough.
And with Tony...supposedly getting hacked...Steve knew something was up, his whole body was alert, feeling as if he was in a battle zone while he was inside the the compound...his home. He rubbed Bucky's shoulders as he shivered his arm laying limp next to him, he hoped whatever Tony had done was enough. No one at Shield knew how the arm work, or even was made. Howard had passed before he could ever have gotten a look at it, and...no one at Shield was able to figure it out.
And Tony was always happy to!
Tony loved electricity.
"Tony, have you been acting less human then you really are?" Pepper asked softly looking just as sad as she had been in his universe, he swore he'd never make her feel that way again. He didn't know what he was...was he AI was he human...he didn't know he was this weird mix between Tony and T.O.N.Y.
"In our world Howard somehow killed Anthony Stark, and in the other world he didn't!" Steve told them when suddenly the reaction was beyond explosive.
"Yes, Alternate realities, worlds like our own, but you made different choices in that reality." Stephen confirmed, as he walked them forward, his face stoic and yet simultaneously condescending, especially with that perched eyebrow. On the other side of the spark portal was the common room...they had...teleported? Steve looked around in awe, and There was Bruce looking beyond stressed if the odd shade of green creeping onto his cheeks were anything to go by.
"Speak of the devil and she shall appear." Natasha's voice suddenly came into Steve's ear making him jump up. He grabbed at his chest as he turned to see Natasha behind him with a raised eyebrow, almost mirroring Clint, these two were the worst sometimes.
"Tony....can you tell me if Natasha is asleep?" What? That seemed a bit off...but that meant Steve was planning something, he always got Natasha when he was working on something. Tony wish he could nod, talking didn't exactly feel right for the current mood. What ever it was...
"Tony!?" Ms. Potts shouted out as Natasha and Steve pulled her back, Steve couldn't help but stumble backwards as the numerous bots bumped into his legs to get to Tony.
Tony constantly was bouncing back and forth, he didn't know if he wanted to be alive or dead. He knew he struggled, hell did he struggle, and yeah knowing his death apparently kept the Avengers together stung.
Glitch text:
current.update();
But there was a problem with that; Steve wasn't...well...smart. Not in the way Tony needed.
And didn't that just feel bad a bit, without Tony's involvement, Rhodey would have been fired from SI and would not been involved in any Civil War, and safe from being paralyzed.
"I am
he brings his fists down even harder,
He thought my story hasn't started yet, anytime now it'll start.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony slowly opened his eyes to see Sir...when had his eyes gotten so dark.
Thank you everyone who has been sticking with me, and especially the ones who commented, it really made my day a bit better to read those comments. And please enjoy the chapter.
̶̢̢̡̨̧̧͉̪̫̣̺̼̪̼̼̭̰̣̫̳̮̞͓͎͖̩͍̩͔̭̖̗͍͇̥̹̠̻̝̖̫̜̹̈͗̈̿̓͑͒̊̈́̓̊͒͋͌̄̏̎̒͑̄͑̍͗́͒̉̈̆̕̕͝͠͝ͅS̶̢̢̢̢̪͍͕̱͕̻̼̥͚͔̯͎̪̫̥̝̰̳̝̙̱̖̬̮̬̙̥͖͕͊̍͌͐̉͌̃̉̿̄̈́̚͜͠ͅͅI̶̯̹̹͕͓̰̘̘̣̞͉͓͓̖͇̗̣̝̜̘̜̩̥̲̟̻̟̮̯̣̺̘͖̘̗̝̖̦̮̟̘͕̙̗̜̤̰͙̻̱̰̭̪͉̠͕̒̉̈̍͛̀̂͂̎̅̑̂̈́̏́̓̃̎̕̚̚͜͝͝͝ͅͅŖ̶̢̨̪̺̳̲̯͍̺͓̮̩͚̮͉̠̠͇̹̼̩͓̜͒̍̏̿́̂̈̈́̄̊͐̈̆́͛͊̏́̀́̌̊͗͊̈́̆̂̒̎͗͝͝͠͝ ̴̢̧͓͍͖̳̰̫̤͉̲̲̞͈̬̦̘͎̠̼͉̬̭͙̟͙̤̗͎͔̟͎͍̱͉̬͙̭̞̺͍͙͈̖̐̒̃͑͒̑̉̅̄̒̌̈̍̌̾̒̎͒͘ͅṖ̵̨̢̢̧̨̛̛͓̱̩̠̹̠͕̣̳͉̬̖̤̳̣̰̰̗̝̪̦̼̩̻̼͍͓̫̥̱͈͈̞̳̥̩͔̺͇̗̗̻̠̝̭͙͖̂̎̈́̉́́̈́̊̃̌̏̂̍́̓͊̂̄̅̏̍́͋̈́̊̈́͐͌̎͆̅͂̂̍̽͌̔̏̿͑͛̋̀̊̽͂͂̈́͗̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͠Ų̵̨̡̡̛̖̪̼̭̭̝̦͓̠̝̟͇̹̦̦̹̞̖̮̳̩̜̟̜̤͕͕̝̯͕͍͓̙̬̮͈̞͈̟̍͒̍̈́̈̈́̀̂̉̌̚͜͜͜͝T̵̡̻̗̬̻̣̤̰̼̣͉̔̏͐͗̓͆̽̃̇͐͒̍̉̀̉̾͒̄͂̿̀̃̈́̎̆͌̔̈́̏͒̓̏͒̃̓̿̃̎̉̈̐̕̚̚͠͠͝͝͠ ̵̧̢̨̨̧̧̭͓̝̘̲͍̟̼̪͚͕̩͔̳̣̻̦͓͍̬̹̙͍̦̫̝̖̝̮͙͈̘͉̙͇̞͓͈̳̟̖̫̬̘̹̔̍͊̽̈̊͊̉̚͜͠͝͠I̷̡̩̣͉̟̖͍̜̞̦̖̤̖̥̤̺͉͉͇͎͍̤͙̬̙̝͎̯̖̞̝̮̗̱̟͍̹̫͖̿͆̽̓͐͐̉̆̅̿͒̈́̍̒̀̃̃̐͋́̌̌̔̏̔͋̍͑͂̓̊̍͋͒͒̀̾̌̕̕̕͘̕̕͠͝Ņ̸̧̛̛̦̼͚̖̹̹͖͎͍͖̳̣̪͉̼̜̟̯̰̞̩̹̫̪͕̘͕̭̲̤̦̥̦͉̪͓̳̫͎̭̩͔͉̪̜̹̞̘̖͈̟̍͆̉̅̽͊̂͒̀͌̚͜͠͠ ̷̢̧̡̧̛̛̲̹̩͍̲̠͙̝͚̟̯̗̪̖̲̠̭̬̱͚̞̲̳͖̫̼̞͚̤̼̣̤̖͖̠̙͎͕̲͖̦̰͕̥̮̦͔̜̝͉̖̌̋͌̽͋̀̌̔͂͐́̂̈͊̆̈́̆͘̚͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅP̸̢̨̢̛̭̯͖̫̤̦͉̱̣͙͈͍̯̪̻̯̭̜̟̥͎̟͕̥̳͎̲̻̗͚̻̙̬̙̭͈̣̟̼̥̙̗̝̖͕̻̹͓̖̼̌̿͊̄̎̈́̅̄͂̉̔͗͒̉̋̕̕̚͜͜͠ͅR̶̛̺͎̩̱͇̭̟̩̪̯̟͔̤͓̊͑͛̒̾̇̃̔̈́͑̃̊̅͂̓͗͒͗͛̾́͒͘͝͝͠͝E̸̡̡̡̨̢̧̛̛̤͇̮͙͕͙̗̲̫͉̠̲͕̯͈͉̲̱̤͔̘͚͎̗̗͎̱̻̼͈͎͖͔̠͍͙̭̫̤͚͇̼̺̞̮̫̗̥̟̫̫̠̤̲̻̳̟͚̻̤̐͂̓͒͋͊͂̽͋̊̓͒̿͛̈́̾͋̉̓͗̽̆̈́̓̈̿̾͆̉͆̔̈́̆̓̌͐̿̈́̿͋̾͛̓̋̍͘̕͜͠͝͠C̸̢̨̨̨̪̲̦͎̥͈̯̗͇̮̭͉̜͍͇͇͔̰̣͗̃ͅĄ̴̧͉͖̼̥̰̦̠͉͓͚̮͙͚͚̝͇̙͖̙̣͎̹̩͑̇̓̉͛͛͒̑̾̂̾́͑̈́̿̋̍̚Ų̸̢̨̛͕̦̮̖͓̘̬͕̟̤̖͎͓̙̣͚̪͕̣̬̥͓̒̏͋̉̎̉̿͂̎̅̈́̈͗̒́̃̈́͂̉̅̿͊͂̓̆͛̀̓̏͐̈́̏͒̍̐̍͐̽̎̓́̕̕͘͜͝͠͝͠Ţ̸̛̺͂̍̅͛͊̏̍̾͑̓͂̔̔̀͐͋̋̊̓͆̓̀̇̌͊̏͐͌̋̈́̈́͗̚͘̕͘̚Î̸̧̡̡̖͓̠̜̼̪̳̫̠͎̩̠͔̺̻̪͎͈̙͍̘̞͇̞͚̩͙̼͎̲̤̻̣̰͚͙͖͔̳̪̣̮̹͍̯̖̹̗͔͛̎͌́͂͜͝O̷̢͖̻̩̹̮̟͙̟͇̙̘̤͈͎͎̠͔͙̬̥̯̣̠͎̜̣̮͍̩̟̦͈͚͒̏̌̽̐̔̀̈́̃̽̓̋̔̿͛̈́̿̂̂̆͑̊͘̚̕͘̚̕̕͜͠͝͝ͅṊ̴̨̨̧̛̩̰̤̘̟͔͕̟̼̪̻̜̲̥̻̹͖̘̆̄̇̈̂̓͌̈́́̈̂̈́͛̌̃̽͆͌̄̅͂͒̏̊̅͛͊̊͂͑͑̓̓̾̌̽̿̌̓̊̓̑͛͆̈̈͐̈́̂͛͂̏͐́̒͗͘̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠ͅS̷̨̢̛̛̠̭͕̘̹̖̖͖͖̞͈̙͙̹͍͉̦̼͖̻̻̹̹̝̦͈̫̱̘̗̹̥̭͇̲̼͉̤͂̊́̎̈́̅͒̈́͐̈̆̔̈́̈́͂͗̅̅͌͒̃̈́̃͂̋̂̈̀̄̌̀͆͌̕͘͘̕̕̕͘̚͝͠͠͝ͅ
Can you get me to his phone?
"I lied about when I hacked into Shield" Tony offered, man, this was ridiculous. Steve had to be an idiot to buy that.
The name on the machine.
Steve looked back over at Natasha and realized he too was curious, who could have possibly asked to have the 'universes' merged? And why?
"Give me a bit of time, I'm sure it will come back to me." Clint shrugged again and digging into the fridge. "Or, I won't, it's kind of a hit and miss, don't bet on anything." he pointed at Steve, and pulled out some old take out, which was Sam's...and had been saved for this day...and Clint was already digging in. Steve should tell him to stop...but honestly dealing with that sounded like to much effort. Steve should just focus on coffee.
"I remember the nuke, but it wasn't Thor that took the nuke, but some metal...man." Steve could picture it all...he can see the nuke splitting the sky, he can see a glimmer of gold, a flash of crimson and suddenly its rocketing up, up, up a voice echoing in his head,
Perfect, we are going to have to go through those files.
"And no one tired to figure him out?" Clint asked, that actually was a good question, why hadn't Shield ever tried to take him apart? Howard had died a while ago, it didn't make sense.
#if defined(CONFIG_ARM) || defined(CONFIG_UNICORE32)
"Of Course Mr. Tony!" and already jumping up, regrabbing his backpack and getting to swinging, Tony's vision now blurry completely, "Mr. Tony, how long have you been in my phone?"
That alone was bad situation, but that determination; that determination could end a war. Or start one.
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix it. But what...what. Get a pardon signed? That would take too long, he need a fix now. Send Barf to the King of Wakanda? He was going to do that anyways and that wouldn't really help any. What could he do? What could he do?
Fuck, Tony flickered back to the Quinjet to see Steve carrying Bucky into the jet, his arm, the metal one, was gone. He could see the wires that were meant to hold the arm in place sparking at his shoulder. Tony heard the command, could see the coding scrolling down and even the errand at the end...but....Tony knew how to fix that arm. Had seen all the hydra blue prints and schematics, he knew how that arm worked, and could fix it, and he knew how all of the Avengers hated medical, and he couldn't imagine Bucky being any different.
"Yes" With another screech Tony's vision became black as Peter dropped his phone on the ground.
"You're saying...that....the dreams that have been....they're
"Well first, you okay?" Steve asked softly, she merely raised an eyebrow at Steve, that was probably as good as an answer he was going to get.
Thank you everyone for being so patient, I really wanted to make this chapter good for you all, and I'm so sorry for how long this took.
Aaaaaand there was the other him again. It was weird, Tony thought he was alone here, why had it taken so long for the other Tony to step forward in his head. Things didn't add up.
void emergency_restart(void)
"Okay,
Right...right....he needed to think.....heee....he could beeat this....
"Tony, Activate Protocol Honesty Is The Best Policy." Tony watched as the familiar green vision appeared. Obadiah looked ruffled, angry, just like the night he had stolen the arc reactor. "Show me the secret Archives."
"What do you mean?" Steve asked slowly, not catching on.
"Kid, listen, breathe, no avenger business, just I wanted to give you a gift, now go, over there!" Tony emphasized, feeling exasperated.
No longer a hero of gold and red, but of greed and blood.
"What?" Natasha asked walking closer and Steve couldn't help but follow, something was just...itching at his skin, and his mind, he needed to...he needed to understand.
Something had gotten within their walls and preformed some form of magic just now...damn where was Thor when they needed him
A power source, so the security system wasn't plugged in, it was self sufficient. Meaning someone placed that arc reactor there. Which made some sense, Howard had made the first arc reactor, although it hadn't really gone anywhere and had been too big for it's own good.
Bruce was looking at the damage and carefully side stepped the little robots scattered on the floor. They were also dark and turned off, devoid of all light. So...Steve had broken them too.
"You mean Howard?" Yes Steve, keep up!
"Wait- hold on, messed with the universes?" Steve couldn't help but blurt out, and bearded man glanced over with a sigh, someone...someone had been messing with their head- no, the universe. All those nightmares? They....
He needed to get on the Shield database, that would know...that would have more information. Tony's eyesight flickered again. He watched as coding scrolled over his eyesight for the Shield database. Entering a new code Tony watched as multiple files started to pop up. Howard Stark on most of them...right Tony was a kid...he wouldn't have much of a presence on the Shield database, but Howard....Howard would. Tony started to filter through the junk and the important information.
With a buzz Sam was back, his hand outstretched for...right Bruce.
"Peter! Please tell me you haven't shouted your identity on all your social media accounts..."
That made sense...so Tony had an arc reactor back in his chest...and it was the main reason why the dome was self sufficient, ha....no unplugging that without death. Howard really had set it up...
"I remember the Battle of New York different" Steve blurted out, looking down at his feet. The silence was palpable, thick and heavy among the Avengers. Bruce slowly inched forward with a whisper,
"Hello?" Tony still couldn't see him, seeing as he was still stuck on the sink counter.
"Becuase I have the answer as to why your dreams and memories have been messed up, and I can get you out of here."
"Yes Br-" a giant Error flashed in his vision, Dr. Banner not Bruce. He had never given permission to be called Bruce in any of Tony's mem-archives.
Then Tony sat down with the two boys and they worked on T.O.N.Y. as well, it had been a good evening, especially when Steve had come down for his daily sketching routine. He had smiled flushed at Tony as they laughed and it had made Tony's heart skip a beat.
"Howard...wouldn't want me to." Tony offered.
since this all started...since Tony had started being...god...
W̵̨̡̧̧̧̢̧̧̡̡̨̢̨̡̢̧̧̧̨̢̛̮̭̬̤̫̩͎̠̼̘̗̞̯̤̬͚̝̞̟͍̲͍͎̠̦̬͎̻̯̩̪̩͓̲̗̖͎̰̱̙͍̗̬̠̲̮̘͖̙̫͔͓͓͕͓͔̭̙͔͓̹̲͔͚̰̞̘͙̜̤̺͉̦̩͈̙̞̪͈̺̟͓̖̲͉̟͈͚̮̥͖̰͈̯̱̞̯͕̗̹͎͍̦̟̫̖͖͎̥̝̝̰̣̳̭̣̗͍̱̼͓͔͉̗̘̞͔̲̻̙̭̝̻͇̭̭̠̜̰̦̳̥̩̝̙͉̖͍̭̯̥͍̫̻̤͔͚̼̪̻͚͚̖͖̲͔̞͇̣͓͙̻͖͖̻̗̟̤͇͉͕̗̜͚͈̺͕̺̮̫͓͚̺͍͙̰͇̩͍̫̻̫̭̲͙̫͖͕͙̤͇͓̖͖̙̪͇̲̼̺̟̻̯̭̣͍͍̫̺̘̦͖͉͍̫̗̻̦̖͖̫̥͉͓̤͖̮̬͕̝̺̰͍͊͛͑̓̌̓͑̊̽̐͌̈̀̽̊̃͒͐̒͒̿̍͋̊̆̾̇̓͗͋̍͗͛̄̐̌̍̈́́̾͆̊͗̄̒͂̍̒̔̄̊̾̂́̿͐͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḩ̴̨̢̧̨̡̡̧̢̢̢̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛͖͉̬̜̮͔̩̳͓̭̭͕͇̖͙͓̯̯͎̘̘͓͇̜̗͓̘̮̳͉͇̦͎̪̰̖̤͓̣̤̫͍̬̬̲͉͍̤̼̖̝̱̣̻͈͓̪̲̩̭̪̝̙͙̙͉̲͔͖̺̲͍̺̖͚̱̼̰̘̹̻̻̻̩͈̘̤̟͈̤̭̫̯̝̞̝̫̞̳͉̜̰͓̖͇͓̼͇̭̮̺͈̙̱̠̦̳̼̰̙̝̫̗̬͎̠̭̟̥͕̪̫̙͎͓̜̙̗͈͉̟̤̩͖͇̣̤̘̝͓͔̠̪̠̼̤̯̺̝̣̝̼͖͍̳̥͉͈͕̥̞̮̱̟̭̫̪̌̒͒͌̍̉͆̂̌̉̆̓̑̀̿͐̇̇͊͐̂͊̋̍̔̾͊̏͑̿͑́̾̍̓͒̌̇̄̐̉̈́̈̀͌͆̑̿̏̉̉̒̓̆͑͌́̓̔̃̋̓̌͒̑̿͋̈́̃̈́̑͋̒̈́̉̐͑̃͐͐̈̔͛͋̏̇̌̔̌͌̅̈́͗̌̽̐̓́͐̀̓͑͑͛̋̽̃̓̓̅͊͆̐̌̆̋̉͛̈̈̈́̇́͑̂̾̍͋͒͗̈́̄̀͑̋̾̀̔͒͂̓̓̃̀̅͐̓͊̀̅̆̎̈́̓̐̒͒̆̋̈̊̽͂͂͑̂͌̆͌̉͑̒̐̾͛̓̊̆̾͐̄̿̈́̓̈́̆̔͒̋̑̔͌̎͋͂̾̓̓͗̂̏̑͗̓͊̍̎̓͋̏̀̐͌́̉̆͂̔̀̄̌͌̈͘̕̚͘͘̚̚͘͘̕̚͘̕͘͘̚̕̚̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅȅ̵̢̡̡̨̢̢̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚͎̳̟̦̺̪̱̜̙̠̟͖̘͉̯̘̣͈͇̯͓̹̱͓̮͙͙̰̭͎̫̰̝͍͙̭͇̞͚͚̱̜̥̺͎̘̖͉̘͔̱͈̻̫͇͕̤͚̠̹͚̯͔̠̦̤̳̓͆̍̃̇͂͛̾̌́̍͂̉̋̂̈́̿̊̆̌̍̾̒̈́̃͗̅̒̓̊͒͌̈́̾̒̒͗̍͒̂̊̍̈́͛̽͊̈́̈̆̎̽̉̑̈́̓͋͌̽͌̅̏͌͒͆̿͊̒̒̉̇̓̃̽͛̆̔̏͌̓̄͑̄͋̽̈́̐̋͑͗̂̉̆͌̔̄̀͑͗̓̅͑̆̅̊͗͗̓̽͂͆̇̍͆̂̎̎̒̉̄́̈́̽̔͌̉̅̾̆͋̊̌͆̑̀́͂̍̔͆̓͂̈́̈́̎̉͊̒͌̊͒̂͂͊͛̈́͂͐̏́̍̈́̽̇͂͛̄̾̃̓͌̆̅̽͋͒͆̔͑͐̽͐̾͆̑̊͂̀̅̈́͂̇̔̉̈́͂̈̃̓̽͊̍͒̈̐̿̓̄̒̍̏͌̈́͋̍̍̃͘̚͘̕͘̕̕̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝r̶̨̢̛̛̛̪̞̩̰̮̫̦̬̪̃̃͋̑̌̈́͐̂̾͑͊̂͊̈́̍̃̈͒̔̑̄̇̾̈́̓͛̃͗̄̆̃̎͗̈́̈́͛͐͊͂̆̐̽͊̾́̄͆͐̎͂͆͋̀̀̎̀̉͊̐͆̓̍̊̌̄̀͗̍̋̈́̔̌̆̈́͆͂͗̆̀̈̒̓̐̈̓͌̽̊̈̊̓͛̄̉̋̿̌̉͗̽͌̂͆͂̄̏̍̈̓͛̒̆̀̀̐̄̃̓̿̏̅͘̕̕͘̕̕̚͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝ę̶̢̡̨̨̡̧̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̺̲̜̪̫͈̪͙̝̟̳̜̣̠̪̼̮͕̳̤͉̯̥͇̙͚̯̜̰̮͙͇̥͎͇͎͖̞͕̺͚̳͈͚͙̩̪͇̬̘̗̬̞͖̰̩̰̥̱̮̰̫̠̘̦͚̖̻̖̰͈̟̰̻̱͙̩̱̘̘͍͓̼̻͚͈̟̙̫̱̜͍̮̼̹̣̘̠̣̻̼̯͉̗̬̟̮͔͔͍̝͇̩͍͍̦̖̪̭̯̝̟̻̺̮͚͓̳̰͎͎͍̤̬̬̟̜̯̻̹̺̲̳̳͎̣͉͎̭̋͆̏̅̈́̊̑͛͂̀̋̂̇̓́̈̇̈́͌͋͋̽̍̄̈́̽̌̉͌̾̇̇̑̆͗̎́̅͂̽͊͛͑̎̑͒̍̇͒̈́͐̉̃̽̓͆̾̋̋̏̓̓͐͌̊̌̓̎́̏̾̍̾̋̄͌̒͑̋̐͒͊̓̈́̓͊̅̾̔̓͂̆͗͊̉̉͒͊͆̈́̃͆̀̾̍̆̀͂̓̋̈́͐̊̃̈́̏̀͗̋͗̈́͐̊̒̄̔͒̍̾̌͂̌̿͒̌͑̔̈́̏̽̈̉̈́̄́̍͐̅̽͆̑̒̈́̔̐̃͆̈́̈́̏͊̈̃̐̓̃͛͐̍͗͆̐̓̀͑̽͑̅̒̌̓͗̾͗͂̃͋͌̓͑͘̚̕̚͘̕͘͘̚̕͘͘̚͘̚̚̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̸̢̡̡̧̡̧̢̡̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̫̗͖͎̹̺͈̪͓̜̳̗̘͎̤̮͓̹̭͇̦̘͕̣̲̘̤͓̠̺̥̻̰͚͔͎̰̻̮͚̩͇͇̜͈̯̮̟̖̙̻̗͇͖̬̹͍͖̖͍̯̗̣̖͍͈̗̲̩̤̞̜̟̗̘̺̥̘̪̦͓̰̤̠̠̪̝̯̪̏͆͒̆̆̎̓̋̇͑̔̈́̅͗̆̽͗͂͛͌̋̔̓̂͗̐̌̑͑̔̍̇̂͐̔̈́̈́̾̓̽̋̋͆͊́̏̐̿̓͌̀̈́́̈́͆̿̊͛͆͐̃͐͊̈́̈́͊̈̂̑̍̈́̽͛̂͐͒̍͋͆̆̓̎̑͆͂̍̒̇̅̃͊̇̾̈́̿̓̈͛̐̔̑̈́̎̈͋͆͊͆́̓̒͒͋͆̊͗͂̿̃́̏̔̓̓̏̈͂̽̈́̐̌̍̄̊̃̾͆̀̐̆̌͋͛͌͗͋̏̎͑̄̍̌̉̌͛͌̏̈͘͘̚̚̚̕̚̚͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅw̴̨̡̡̨̨̢̡̢̡̨̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛͍̘̗͉̥̭̠̩̝̮̮̼͖̱̳̲͙͙͍̝͓̗͖̜̱̙̹̱̣̤̪̙̯͖̹̻̲̻̼͉͚̫͕̪̘͎͔͕̖̮̦̼̩͍̭̙̟̥̭̟̹̦̺̟̘̖̜̪̝͎̮͎̞̹͉̻͔̰͖̮̬̻̳̫̘͉̦͓͙̰̻̝͙̗̲̳̝͖͓̬̳̘̰̫̘̹̼͔̺̹̠͕̦̗͔̘̤̖̙̰̤̲̰̪͍͎͔̳̯͚̰͖̩̭͉͉̱̺͇͉̫̮̙͇̠̭̭͔̤̯̬̤̯̭̫̹͎͔͍͙̼̖̥̲͍̙̻̙̰͚͙̠͊̏̆̅̈́͆̔̂͗͗̿̒͒̈̊̉̓͛͑̏̔̈́͒͑͊̍̓̉̓͊̒͒͑̄͗̎̊̃̌̂̄̔̈̿̓̋̑́̂͐̎̓̂͑̒̇̊̍̐͐͒̽͗̂͆͑̂̈̿̋͊̃͑̔̐̎̉̑̈́̾̐̉̽͛̈́̄̾́̌̈́̔̈́̆͊̌͆͐͌̿͐̊̔̓̆̀̆̈́͗͂̄͋̓̋̋́͋̃̐͒̾̅͗͂̅͐́̆̾̈̐̂̊͗̇̑̎̀̑͒̈̐̾̂̈͆̾̽̓̎̈́̆̊̍̐̂͊͐̒̍̏̈́̽̄͊̑͗̂̿͛̄̑̄͌̈̐̉͛̐̍͒͛́͐͗̓̉͂̈̋̋͊͆̀̓̃̊͌̇̈̚̚̕̚͘̕͘̕̚̕̚͘͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅa̶̧̨̢̡̨̢̡̧̢̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛͍̬̻̮̮̣̼̥̣͎̜̲̫̟͖̦̮͚̙͈̬̼̦̺̟̻̺̖̖͙̮͔̦̤͚̲͓̭̱͎͓̰̠̮͕͉̮̠̞͚̬̼̗̠̲̟̞̣̣̗̼͎̜̱͉̻͚͔̟͙͚̺̭͇͎̦̘̘̝͔̳̯̬̝̞̹̝͓͉͍͉̮͇̬͚̘̞͖̦̠̜̗͉̫̥̰̬̫̘̝̣̜̟̱̫̔̑̏̒̅̒͐̒͂͌̓̈́͐̋̓̀̀́̀͑̒́̉̌̒̔͑͋̾̈́͒́̌̿͑͌̅͆͑̐͑̔̓̓̏̋̍͋̅̅̒̿͐̇̎͆̐̈̈̓̽͋̂̑̍̈́͗̈́̒͊̌͒̔̉̆̃́̆̓̈́̅͌̂͊͐̓͂͌́̽͑͌͆͊̾̔͑͊͊̿̐̅̿̂̈̇͂̐̈͊̓͊̌̉̉͊͂͐̅͑͆͛̎́͗̃̉̄͒̈̈̾̄̾̓̂͑̚͘͘͘͘̚̚̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅs̴̢̢̧̢̢̨̧̺̪͙̰̩̗̬̤̰̥͚̼̲̙̥̗̦̬̟̬̩͕̰̳̘̫̼̺̞͕̳͙͎̱̭͎̖̤͔̰̟̪͉̯̻̭͔̩̻̤̝̲̗̪̖̯͕̺͕̻͇̝͈̞͖͙̮͔̫̘̰̝̥͕͎̺̦̳̻̟͍̰͇̙̘̩̱̫͕̥̻͎͕͖̞̫͔̫̞̘̪̗̣͍͚͕̥̣͚͚̘̹͎̺̹̏͌̔̆̈́̆͗̿̾̄̍̄̆̊͋͒̇̄̑́͑̋̌̊̎̂͊̔͑̓̊̕̕͘͜ͅͅ ̴̧̨̢̡̛̛͍̤̮̺̠̫̺͕̼̟̠̤̞̪̭̪̘̹̥̳̞̘͖͇̟̠̺̝̫̦̋͂̌͗̃̎̄͊́̂̐̈́̍̓́̓́̂̿̎̌̏̿̎̄̎̈́̒͐̓͌̆̑̈́̄̈̊̄̋͑͑͌͒̾̈́̒͌̄͌̇̈́͌͑̿̋̊̇͑͛͒̾͌̆͌̊̿̏͊͐̆̑̍͑̿͗̈́̎̾̐̉̊̈̾̉̍̓̍͐̈́̊̀͊̈͊͑̏͌̍͂̀̌̀͒̏̿͒̀̄̓̒̎̿̈͊̔̇͐̎̓͗̀͑̈̕̚̚̕̚̕̕͘̚͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅh̴̢̢̨̧̨̡̢̢̧̧̨̡̡̢̢̨̧̢̛͍̯̟̳̪̥̙͎̲̥̘̱̮͎̯̱̤̟̤̜̰̲͖̩̝̳̹͍̪̭̞̘̳̱̝͍̳̱̞̬̱̻̭̫̺̫̪͉͚̥̭̤̞̞͚̟̝̹̤̰͍͚̭̤̣͍̣̲̱͍̞̮̰̻̰̰̙̜͍̙͍̺͙̻͔̜̮̪̺̭͇͎̙̰̮̜̳̻̠̭͉̠̭̮̹̜͇͓̹̖̭̠̳̞̳̪͚͉͈̯̰̻͙͚̲̹̣̜̟͚̹̩̥̠̜͍̯̘̪̘̟̫̪̱̖͕͇̙̗̺̻͕͓̲̤̜̝̠͓͔͈̞̫͓͕̜͕̮̜͎͙̹̜͍͚̯͕̟͉̜͕͙̼͔̟͇̼̜̥̞̹̟̹̱͓͔͔͈͓̑̐͑̋̾̈́͐̓̄̐̇̈́̇͆͌̍̂̌̅͒͂́̈́͊͊̋̈́̔̓͌̔̓̀̈́͆̓̆̅̉͋͌̈́͂̓̆͒̔̾̓͊̕̚̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅȩ̸̨̨̧̡̡̧̨̨̨̨̢̡̡̨̢̡̧̧̧̡̢̨̧̡̢̨̨̢̢̢̢̧̛̜̣̩̩̬̼̤̞̲͇̖̘͉̗͚̜̞͙̘̥̗͇͔̟̬̻̬̱͚̬̦͔̪̗̣͈̦̩͔͍̫̤̩̠̹̯̥̖̱͚̠͖̤̬͚͈̤̖͔̲͙̱͕̜̻̭͕͇̺̠̻̖̗̥͉͈̮̳͎̙͔͔̜͍̻͓̺͓͇͈̮̞̬͎̤͓͙̤̝̱͕̝̼͔̦͎̫̘͈̳̺̟͖̯̺͎̘͕̲̲̻̤͔͇̻̜̗̫̞̖̱͙͓̜̗͍̺͕̲̝̱͍͓̜̫̬̲͚̹̭͚̝͎̥͎͖̥̙͕̯̯͇̮̗͎̩͚̝̰̟̟͔̥̺̞̬̺̥̹̫͕̺̭͓̣̺͔̬̤͖͖͎̲̟͈͕̯͖͚͙̤͍̝̻̼̞͉̤͕̩͓̙̦̻̞̟͑̃̉̓̈̇̔̀̂̈́̉͗͂͒̀̌̀̈́̈́̏̑̋̄̀͑̂̀͋̊̐̓̄́̔̐̈́͋̍̌̆͌̈̅̆͗̆̀̓͆̄̌̓̅͑͋̄̓̀͒̃͑̅̄̔͌͑̋̇̊̒̔̓̈̋̓́̈́̃́̍̈̂̅̚̕̕̕̚̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ?̸̨̢̡̧̡̨̡̧̨̨̨̧̢̡̛̘̟̯͖̝̳̱̝̠̟͈̭̘̝̹̺̗̭͇̳̹͙̣̙͍̤͍̟̖̦̣͎̥̱̥͈͚͇̼̣͙̣̫͇̘̺̙͍̱̳̭̻̘͎̻͎̳͎̙̹͙̤̩̩͉͚̰̪̪̥̹͓̖͍̮̦̺̺̱̱͔̮̹̪͓̪̬̻͔̣̰͖̩͓̼̘̪̗̼̠͕͕̫̦͙̭̞̞͙̪̫̖̺̼̼̦̙̜̠̬̪̩̯̰̑̅͒̀̽̍̋͑̐̈́͋͑́̌̂̈͑̓̋̑̐͗̊̌͒̋̇̊̌̂͒̑̑̏̓͒̂̍̂̆̅̌͊̂̋̄͗̄̔͒̈́͆̀̎̊̅̈́̏̾̄̀̑̋̄̎͂̀̇̈́̀͊̾́̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅ
Steve walked forward, reaching forward and slowly pulled the doors apart. Stepping back Steve looked over at the rest as Bruce tapped his chin.
Tony stood up from the white nothingness, towering over the bloody broken copy of him. Fuck, this was wrong.
With loud pop and the soft sizzle Tony could feel the hair on his arm rise as the electricity greeted Tony, freed from the restraints Dad was placing it in.
And these statistics (lack of shield, civ to protect, against magic, only natasha no team) were less then optimal.
"The water will be heated within 3 minutes if you would like to head to the communal kitchen, Ms. Romanoff and Mr. Barton is already waiting for you." Bruce looked up at Tony with a bit of confusion.
Guy in the chair???? What? Ned....Ned...Tony knew that name...Why..did he know that name? Ned...Ned...
Tony found himself quickly loss in thought as he deleted old coding and rewriting new code.
When Tony finally was able to feel himself again all he could see was that arc reactor, the bright light breathing. Fading in and out, in and out.
"Who are you." Steve growled out.
And suddenly like a snap, Tony had clarity, he could feel the pounding of his heart urging him a mile a minute to run to
Right that had to go...immediately. Tony knew a rule to break when he saw one, and Howard....Howard wasn't going to stop him. Tony was always good at breaking his rules.
"Like I said, I don't know how...The only one that understood how Tony functioned died." Ms. Potts explained.
Stop interrupting! Bruce was also gone, most likely in his lab. Tony's eyes flickered into the common room where the T.V. was. And there was Clint and Natasha watching cartoons. Which left Steve...somewhere. Okay, where is he?
H̶e̷ ̶k̸n̸e̷w̶ ̶h̶e̴ ̴w̷a̵s̶ ̵s̸c̶r̶e̷a̴m̴i̸n̶g̵,̸ ̴s̶c̴r̶e̵a̴m̷i̵n̸g̷ ̸s̴o̶ ̸l̷o̵u̷d̷l̶y̵,̶ ̷h̴e̶ ̷w̸a̸s̸n̸'̵t̵ ̷s̶u̶r̸e̶ ̴w̴h̵a̶t̶ ̶h̸e̴ ̵w̶a̸s̴ ̶s̴a̴y̵i̵n̵g̴.̶
When had the kiiid gottenn so close? His face was sad...why was he sad? his eyes were leaking.....leaking.....oozing....
Right that had to go...immediately. Tony knew a rule to break when he saw one, and Howard....Howard wasn't going to stop him. Tony was always good at breaking his rules.
Everything felt to new, to strong, to intense. Tony couldn't move but he tried his best to look down the hall. His vision fluttered and flickered for a second. And suddenly he was in the hall, still in a high position looking down on the floor. But how had he gotten here, he hadn't walked. He was just...here. Before Tony could really think about it something was poking in the back of his mind. His vision flickered again and suddenly he was looking over someone's bed. Clint. It was Clint. Tony wanted to laugh but he found he couldn't for some reason.
"I mean that, someone could have been messing with our heads from the beginning and we wouldn't have known..." She looked down a bit of genuine horror slipping onto her face. She was right, this was important. They would have to figure out what was happening. Someone was messing with their heads, and they needed to find out who. And they would need to figure out if it was happening to everyone or just them.
"It's Stark! That's the difference!" She emphasized, but seeing Clint's dumbfounded scowl made her elaborate.
"I don't think that's possible, he cracked him open." gesturing over to Steve. Steve winced at the single handed gesture, cracked was too kind of a word....
"MR. TONY! I know just the guy who can help us!"
"Memories getting distorted...I dreamt it wasn't Thor that had stopped the nuke in the Battle for New York, but that man." Natasha whispered, "I dreamt that at a time, I was working for him, that I tricked him, that I watched him slowly let himself die." Steve hadn't gotten any of those, but that was good, that meant they might be able to piece together what was happening.
Tony couldn't help running the video he had from the server "
"Yes, they are my helpers." Tony offered watching Peter squat down and really look at the screens of the roombas, fascinated and laughing. Although Peter did look up and start to look around, spotting Tony's big metal dome form and glancing around it.
"No...I...can't I want to...but he doesn't want me to." Tony sounded conflicted, almost like he was being torn between two ides.
"No Stark has ever been good, Steve."
"I'm sorry, just a minute ago you said you promised some guy to fix the universes, and that 'he's slipping right back into his old ways' and you aren't going to tell us who??" Clint huffed out and threw his arms out with a cry. Steve was kind of annoyed as well.
What....What was happening...?
And drowning himself in work was nothing new to him. So work it was, first thing was first, Peter. In this world it was still unclear whether Peter was Spider Man or not, and if he was. He was in that God awful sweat suit. Which was honestly an offense towards all human beings.
Tony glanced through the videos, and yup, he was right, there was that offending sweat suit that Peter had thrown together. It didn't even fit him, it was limiting his movement, and god did it look so stupid. Could he even make a suit here...in this weird dome thing. Did he have that capabilities? If not he was going to have a problem.
"I'll be attempting to be tracking the source of the intruder." Tony stated. Bruce looked unconvinced but luckily it was Bucky that saved him with another shiver and a soft whisper of Steve he was swept up and the Avengers exited...this was just a temporary fix....
"Hey..I- look, We don't blame you or anything, it's just...why would you do all this at your own expense?" Steve managed to get around and kneel on the floor so his face was equal to Tony.
But if there was an intruder wouldn't Tony tell them?
Hey, 3-CPO, how do I order supplies for myself?
usermodehelper_disable();
"Of course Ms. Potts." He tried to amend his mistake. Pepper furrowed her brows, damn he just made her more suspicious.
̶#̶d̵e̸f̸i̶n̸e̴ ̵D̶E̸F̴A̷U̸L̷T̶_̸R̸E̸B̷O̴O̸T̴_̴M̴O̶D̸E̶ ̶ ̶=̴ ̵R̷E̴B̶O̷O̸T̴_̶H̴A̷R̵D̶
Thanks for reading!
Tony was the last thing he had from Howard...one of his last connections to his past. And Tony had been created in the late Anthony's memory, the idea of shutting it off left a bad taste in his mouth. This was created to protect...but Clint was right, if Tony had gotten hacked he was indeed a liability, one that Steve couldn't risk. Looking down from the paper and back to Buck, who seemed to be calming down.
H̷e̶ ̴w̸a̵s̵ ̸s̴l̵i̴p̶p̷i̷n̶g̵.̸ ̸
Tony Stark, a
Father was never that mean, he only squeezed, he never hit.
WARN_ON(unregister_reboot_notifier(*(struct notifier_block **)res));
"All of those rules seem consistent to a secret, but what about the dismantling?" Steve offered, it seemed a bit odd.
"I can extract the universes from each other, if you so desire." He could go back...back to...what? Iron man? The  one who caused Ultron and lead to the Civil War, the one who couldn't save his best friend. Or....Tony Stark, The merchant of death.
"Yeah...I'm kind of a surprise huh?"
......
"Okay! No more secrets, you two are going to explain to us what is going on! That's what that wizard guy yelled at us about anyways!" shouted Sam with frustration, and he had a point...
"There's others in those memories I have who aren't here."
"Hey Cap, what up?" Steve looked up to Clint and he was wearing nothing...absolutely nothing except his boxers.
"I warned you, but you wouldn't listen."
"And I'm assuming just prying it open will..?" Bucky propositioned, looking amongst the rest of the Avengers for the end of that sentence. He found it in Bruce.
Also this is unbetad, so if you see any mistakes, let me know!
"Y-you were, I h-heard you scream!" Peter sobbed out and let his hands drop his phone and Tony's vision became the ceiling. Tony couldn't see Peter anymore but that didn't stop his heart from breaking when he could hear how devastated Peter was.
"Mr. Tony is this a long distance? I can get my bike." Peter offered looking apprehensive. Tony wanted to shake his head pulling up the navigation to show Peter where he was going,
want to be Iron Man.
They were walking there?
Hey everyone! Quick update, thank you to everyone who commented and sent their kind words, you all honestly make my day so much better when I am feeling down. Also Look at this! An update!? Well we are so close to finishing, only about 2 more chapters left! Thanks for everyone who has continued to read this despite how long it has taken.
No...he was right, he was always stuck with himself, there was no escaping himself, and the curdling grasp he held on his soul. He wanted freedom....from who?
"Because I...wanted the choice." the pause made it different, he sounded..unsure, almost lost. As if he had emotions...but did he? He did delete that law, Steve wasn't sure anymore.
"My pleasure Agent." Tony's head started to feel more....less clear...dulled...
"Tony was supposedly made after Anthony's death that means if he knew Anthony he had to have been made before Anthony's death or Anthony didn't die on the date he was supposed to." Natasha whispered in utter shock, finally connecting the dots.
"I believe I can be of help, Captain."
There was something there, Tony knew more than one Stark, he knew Anthony. Maria had always gone by Carbonell, it was clear she really hadn't felt much love for Howard in the later years, but Tony still said no Stark. Even though Tony was only made after Anthony's death, which meant Anthony hadn't died when everyone thought he had. But what this also meant was, he could get answers out of Tony if he asked the right questions.
Was what....? Was what? What had he been?
Steve could already hear the the other's Avenger's confusion. Natasha stood up as she started stomping on the floor, was she....testing to see where the best place was for the hole?
"If...if I was split from someone...and it isn't you...who...who is it?"
"Look Kid not that all this rodent mad max isn't thrilling, but we need to maybe, hurry it up to your little friend?"
"You don't know?"
"Howard Stark is responsible for the late Tony Stark's death." He stated, the answers being ripped out. Obadiah took a step back, almost looking shocked, but then tilted his head at the camera.
Damn if he could cry he would. She was just as pretty as he remembered her. Her hair was in place just like it always was and she looked right at home in the Stark Industries CEO office. He was glad this hadn't changed, Pepper was always best as the head of SI. Tony stopped looking at Pepper to see Natasha, Clint, and Steve. Hey! What were they doing here!?
What was happening...why was everything slipping away
Ironic.
"I apologize, my update took longer than I had earlier predicted." Tony announced to the team. Steve looked up while everyone else stayed where they were.
"Of course, Steve." Steve sighed as he dropped his head into his hands.
"SO which Avenger are you!? Are you the Hulk!? Or- Or Hawkeye!?" Tony just sighed.
Slowly Clint raised his hands to sign, as if Tony wouldn't know what that meant. His hands slowly moved as Natasha glanced over to Clint, 'How do we turn him off' Oh....yup he had gone too far. Okay so...maybe those codes were good after all.
But this was important stuff! How would the Avengers live without looking at his face? He was gorgeous, that was something that was just a fact. Natasha looked over at Steve with such an intense gaze that bled unamused.
Thor was walking next to the hulk, he had...loki... in a tight grip and restraints. The Hulk started to shrink and yet the two brunettes still helped each other to walk. Brunette? Steve looks at the man again, it's the monster from the dream before, the eyes were joined with distinct brown hair, it had red in it. The mon-man was injured, if the way he walked was any indication. The man was laughing as Bruce was struggling to keep his pants from falling. Steve can't help but keep staring he can feel regret at words he had said earlier. This man...had done...something good. He knew it, he could feel it in his bones. The man looked back at Steve and suddenly Steve can see that smile. It's so pretty and bright, but Steve feels unwell.
"Its a suit, for you. That outfit you have now does nothing good for you, it's tacky not presentable, and honestly you need something with more protective power."  Tony watched happily as Peter started to lose his mind, screeching, and dropping the suit and grabbing the sides of his face. His feet starting to jump back and forth as if the kid had to pee.
"Why did he kill Tony?" Ms. Potts asked looking horrified.
"I could merge this universe with another, it would clash two of the universes together, getting some features of the original and some from the other." he stated calmly.
here.
current.update();
What? Tony flickered to the gym; Steve. He was just sitting on the bench looking down at his hands, they were scrapped. He had overworked himself. Yeah, it wasn't relaxing then.
Suddenly the door slammed open in front of them and Tony was greeted with a small chubby boy with short black hair. His cheeks flushed red with exertion, and he had a bright smile on his face. He looked harmless enough, and then it clicked in Tony's mind, like a block sliding into place, Ned was that kid that had
"This is...?" Steve asked as he looked at the computer screen, it looked to be a directory of sorts, the Stark Logo in the background.
But first there was something they needed to take care of first.
But he had to escape! He didn't know for how much longer Howard would stay away! He had to get out! Tony used his right hand and gingerly dug his fingers in his skin to find the connecting point to whatever the wires were plugged into. He wanted to get
Tony liked that present hum of his nightlight that Jarvis had snuck in for him. He loved that soft buzz that whispered all of Jarvis' adoration when the circuits all worked together.
"I don't think...The Big Guy would be precise enough for this job." Bruce whispered looking quite perturbed.
"Look I mean....if there's a room underneath us, and we can't get through this small opening, why not make a small opening next to it? Break the floor?" Clint stated, and Steve made eye contact with Natasha, and never before in his life had he seen that small smirk slowly pull itself on her face before. Natahsa smirked over at Steve and winked.
"Please if we are not quick Bucky might fall into even worse shock." And yet they were still not moving. Tony felt hot, like his system was overheating damn it, he needed them to fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
"I can not say..." Tony sounded...off.
It was funny in the long run,
"A war." Strange stated calmly and looked down at his clasped hands. A...war....
Besides he had plans to put in place. A whole lot of plans and he needed Steve on board. But it was going to have to wait until tomorrow, when Bucky was well enough to not need Steve to be watching him like a hawk. He needed Steve alone, the more involved in the plan the more dangerous it could be. Who knows what counter measures were in place. He had seen the code, but it seemed like there was still protocols in place that Tony couldn't seen, meaning an outside source was controlling AI him remotely. Meaning he didn't have control at all in this situation, he was literally trapped.
#define DEFAULT_REBOOT_MODE
just Tony, and Tony deserved a chance! A chance to be
The protector and friend of Anthony stark, just like the electricity had been, and Tony felt like maybe he could fall in love all over again.
He couldn't hide, couldn't close his eyes and pretend, he turned his head to see red, so much red,
"What floor is this!? Is this an Avenger's room, is this your area Mr. Tony?"
Steve didn't know how to take that. He...genuinely didn't seem like a villain, or to cause harm...but Steve could never be too suspicious. His eyes flickered to Natasha who seemed to be figuring out twelve different paths for her to take, what with the way her eyes were jerking across the room. Her arm was still on the sobering teen whose sobs were now just trickles of tears getting caught on his chin. He wasn't even making an attempt to wipe them but just staring ahead at the intruder.
"But..., you said it was hollow on the inside...That means..what was important wasn't on the inside.." Bruce mumbled talking to himself, Clint leaning in to catch what he was saying. Bruce was getting into his science mumbling again. But that was good news, mumbling meant Bruce was thinking, and thinking meant Bruce had a plan.
And he falls, he's Falling
And there was nothing Steve could do. Steve looked back towards-Tony,
Only one last chapter and this is all over! Thank you again everyone who has read and commented and supported this story, you've made it all worth it.
Bruce's soft voice echoed out and Steve looked back confused, he wondered what Bruce had dreamed of....was it the same Drunk man, covered in the metallic evil Steve had seen? The man that had made his stomach sink and heart flutter in a way Steve could only call fear.
So detaching from the mainframe download....where was that?
"Ned! you won't believe this! I'm like an actual Avenger now, I even got a
Here he was placed in the kid's breast pocket, which meant half of his vision was blurred by a blue flannel, and
He could cry at seeing his old friend back in the environment he felt so at home in.
He...He needed information, and now. Tony flickered away from the camera view of the machi-him, that was him, that was
Well, there wasn't even going to be a Civil War, to think Tony was the cause of that....didn't that just fucking sting.
His head felt numb, and his eyes heavy, they were crusted over, and his body felt weightless, but Tony felt heavy as if he was falling from his own body, sinking into something else? Water? Maybe....
̴#̶i̷n̸c̵l̸u̶d̵e̸ ̵≮l̸i̴n̴u̴x̵/̵k̶m̴o̵d̸.̸h̸>̷
"please...."
"But I don't understand...If...if you're just a copy a downloaded conscious of that moment, that means....we...we aren't the same? Why? Why would Strange say we were the same?"
"Like I said, I don't know how...The only one that understood how Tony functioned died." Howard...so Howard really did keep him a secret. That...wasn't as surprising as it sounded.
The first time T.O.N.Y. felt this other presence was yesterday. It made no logical sense, and quite honestly did not compute with any of his previous data. It....was something new, foreign. T.O.N.Y. had never had a virus before, he was smarter than that, but he could compute that this was probably what it felt like. Except there had been no hack, no intruder, just....suddenly it was there. It was almost as if it had appeared during an update. But it didn't feel bad...well...until it started to mess with his coding.
"You deleted it?" Pepper asked horrified.
everything on his own.
"Bruce, it's time to wake up" he stated fondly as the lights swelled in brightness to try and gently ease the scientist into the world of consciousness.
Tony couldn't believe it, he...he was back in his body?
"Pepper...is that concern I hear in your voice?" Steve and Natasha both looked at each other as Pepper laughed.
̶e̴n̴u̸m̶ ̷r̶e̴b̶o̷o̷t̸_̸m̵o̸d̴e̵ ̶r̴e̵b̷o̸o̵t̷_̴m̸o̷d̶e̴ ̷D̸E̷F̸A̴U̵L̶T̶_̴R̸E̴B̷O̷O̶T̵_̸M̶O̵D̸E̵;̵
Just wanted to be free of his restraints of his reputation, just for once he wanted to say just Tony.
This was Tony's home.
And there was that spark noise, Steve whipped around to see a man with a long billowing red Cape that floated around him as if he was being influenced by unseen waves.
"-all you."
And wasn't that more ominous than the sound of sparks. Steve looked over at Natasha and gave her a warning look, and she nodded in comprehension. By the time Steve was in a defensive stance, Natasha had already gotten the sobbing boy to mere sniffles, and was whispering something in his ears.
He was taking a breath...when had Tony laid down? he could feel waaarmth...oh...The other Tony was holding his face almost delicately...why was there copper taste in his mouth?
"Stark there is no-"
Howard started to listen! He started to care...that was the first warning; but Tony missed it, of course he missed it. He was finally!
"Okay kid get inside the window will open." Peter just making loud sounds of awe pushed the window open and easily closed it behind him, looking around in wonder.
"Of course not, in order to do that we would have to take him apart, and if we did that, we have no guarantee, we'd be able to put him back together again. Look I don't want to force Tony through a reset, we don't know what that could do to him, besides he's my friend, he saved my life more than once."
Steve suddenly choked at the thought and he didn't even notice everyone turning towards him.
"And was there a reason as to why we are only hearing about this now?" Sam calmly asked, oh boy was that a scary tone.
Luckily Peter didn't even seem to notice when Tony snatched up the sweat suit and put it in the incinerator.
They were so close, the floor cracking open and flaking apart
Hey everyone I'm so sorry for the error with last chapter, this chapter has no glitch effect, let me know if there is still an error!
Steve looked over Bruce's shoulder at the ground and sure enough....there was a latch in the floor with a finger print scanner on the lock...
It was like the world had tilted on him, and his center gravity was slightly to the left now making him struggle so hard to be...normal..."
Tony Stark stained Iron Man into a monster.
But this didn't feel like him. It did but not...fully. It felt like...he couldn't take this code out, it was to important deleting it felt like...it would ruin to much of him...so this is what the AI him felt from the other universe. Damn...this was going to be harder than what he original thought. He should've figured, he was merged into this other version of him, meaning he wasn't fully him anymore.
Natasha quickly took charge, Bruce being freaked was not something to mess with, especially with a potential threat, and some- god he was just a kid- spider boy with them.
"Yes, its got a blue glowy circle in the chest?" Steve offers. Natasha slowly nods her eyes getting wider.
Natasha came back and held a pen and notepad with her, she quickly crawled back unto the couch and brought her legs up to her chest to start writing.
"Hey there Kid."
There wasn't anyone to fix him either, Howard had made sure of that. He
Before Steve was a man that could only be described as starved. His body was wasted away, his fingers long and bony, wires stabbed into his veins. His legs were cut hazardously right under his knees.
"Don't worry kid, I'll c-"
Tony liked it better when he got to mess around with the circuit board! He liked how the electricity sounded when it tried to find its path, singing to Tony which way it needed to land so to work. It just flowed with such grace it was like watch Jarvis cook...always peaceful and kind, soft whisperings of joy.
"Tony."
"Well look, hacked or not he's not acting...right, he needs a reset or something, how do we do it?" Clint called out, Tony felt that sinking cold again, fuck...they could do that couldn't they. Pepper would know how, if anyone would it'd be her. He didn't want to be shut down, the thought terrified him more than anything else. He knew the lights were flickering but he couldn't make it stop. One look at Pepper made him even more freaked out, she even looked freaked out and that was saying something. Pepper always stayed calm.
there was no way in or out....how had...Peter gotten out?  "How did you get out of the Avenger's Tower?" Tony asked softly.
anyways...Thank you everyone who read the last chapter! I'm sorry for how long this chapter took, honest I could come up with excuses but it was just my depression getting the best of me, these past couple of weeks have been rough, but I managed to pull through to write this chapter!
"See, you've just proved my point." Steve could only groan in exasperation, Natasha was supposed to be his right hand man, she was always the smart and sensible one, and here she was giving the most important mission to the laziest and messiest one on the team. She had to have lost it, it just had to be a thing that had happened, clearly what ever had been messing with their minds had messed with Natasha to a point that she now believed Clint was a viable source for hacking...
Tony supposed it was becuase Dad never listened to the electricity. He didnt listen to the soft hums and pleas of desire, electricity knew where to go, it knew how it wanted to form and when Tony asked politely it would tell him how he needed to build it to work, the electricity would whisper how to make the perfect puppet for it to spread it's limbs in.
"Yes."
"STARK!" She screamed out as well! Jumping up.
He couldn't move! There was....restraints...bonds holding him in place, he couldn't...couldn't...what was...
"Can you pry this door open Steve?" Bruce asked softly, tapping the elevator door..right, Getting Tony back online was what mattered most.
IT HURTS
.........
Tony didn't have time to process, he slowly got up and...when did he get so weak? He crumbled onto the floor the second his skin touched the cold concrete, and unceremoniously he laid flat on the floor, a puppet without it's strings.
OMG! I'm so sorry this took so long!! I'm in finals right now and I got so over my head in work load. My coding class is kicking my butt, and I am working so hard to finish up all my work on this game I am on, but all the other concept artists left, so It's just me working overtime.
Returned back to Steve's room he found Steve was gone. Flickering around he finally found Steve in the common sitting room with Natasha. What was Steve planning?
"Tell me how to access the secret Archives."
Perfect! Remember that Peter Kid, the idiot from Youtube?
Was...was that?
.....
Brown familiar eyes...sad...eyes. Broken eyes.
H̴e̸ ̶c̸o̵u̶l̸d̴ ̸s̶e̸e̸!̷
"So...he was a villain?" Sam thought aloud, he turned his head away from the group and shook his head, "That doesn't sound right..." He trailed off then turned back at the group, "I don't have any of those memories you were talking about but I had a drea- well I guess a memory of a silver metal man falling. I remember landing and I see this Brunette man cradling this...guy that I feel like I have seen before, but....I told him sorry, I'm sorry that he got hurt? It...it was my fault he got hurt...He was heartbroken." Sam took in a breath through his teeth and gritted them thinking.
"I see...Why can't you act human?" Ms. Potts questioned.
"No Tony, Steve. It's Steve." Okay this was new.......was this something that the Steve in this universe had? Regret? Because that was not something he had seen from his Steve.
Loading Anthony.exe
Those eyes...those eyes weren't his own....they were pits...pits of nothingness. No whites...just gaping holes, and Tony could see it...see it...
"What is inside the dome?" Steve asked without a beat.
"Oh yeah? How?" Steve shouted back not lossening up his stance.
By the fifth month Tony finally was getting some muscle, not nearly as bulky as he used to be but he was getting there. And he was so close to finishing T.O.N.Y. he could feel it in his nerves, the soft electrical buzz as his longtime friend and companion started to form into a being again. It was then when Steve asked him out and Tony was thrown for a loop, but it made it all worth it to be in Steve's strong arms and to wake up in the morning to see his face. Tony didn't know how much he had wanted this and Steve had revealed it had always been there for him but he had thought those strong emotions were anger and resentment- and he couldn't have been farther from the truth.
"Yes Sir!" Ned sounded off all proud, he was a good kid...even if he did hack into Tony's code....
Clint slowly spoke up, "I remember eating at a table....after the Battle of New York, and a man in a metal suit was there eating with us." Clint offered and then snorted, "
" There was a loud SNAP sound as the sparks all exploded out and the small machines pulled out the last plug, and the machine fizzled. The metal of the machine popped as if it had overheated. Steve took a shaky breath, as a fizzling sound reverberated through the room and the lights started to dim.
"I recalled it's blue prints and schematics from Hydra." Steve glanced over to Natasha but Pepper kept firm.
Tony could just feel the exasperation throughout himself, he could be such an ass sometimes, even fucking dead emotioned AI him could still be a sarcastic shit.
_Name Accepted
He had this, he had this, he may be an AI but that didn't mean he couldn't still be an engineer.
He thought, maybe in the next life, maybe in the next life.
Really it had been Tony that had perfected it when he had been trapped in Afghanistan. But that did put a question on things...was Howard able to perfect the arc reactor on his own in this world? Or had AI tony done this? No...not possible. If the Arc reactor was attached to the actual System it would have had to be implicated from the beginning. Meaning Howard, unless seven year old him had been smart enough to make one? But even that seemed a bit far off.
his son!?" Sam shouted out looking horrified, Natasha just raised an eyebrow in response. Steve sucked in a breath himself and did a small maybe motion and then sighed,
"Look Sam, I didn't know what to do, I thought maybe...the less people that knew, the easier it would be to contain the situation? Especially if anything that happened to Tony meant we would all be....trapped..." Steve's voice drifted off.
Yup! I need to find one Colonel James Rhodes, and one Peter Parker.
When did he stop being important?
"Sounds good!" Steve tried to seem cheerful as he looked over Natasha and Clint's faces, "Sam! Watch over Buck for me, will ya?" He asked softly, Sam nodded with a half smile, instantly going into therapist mode, huddling next to Bucky. Steve nodded then turned grabbing his keys for the car as he headed out. They all silently walked into the elevator and the silence persisted as they walked out of the compound. Getting into the driver's seat Steve listened as Natasha and Clint both clambered into the car. Steve started the gas and started to pull out of the drive way heading towards the city. Steve opened his mouth to talk when Natasha quickly cut him off.
first of all I was going to say guys you've made me turn into a terrible student as all your comments really made me have to write like crazy, and I should be doing finals, but instead I wrote out the 7th chapter but the page refreshed and I lost it all. SO I must say I have been with IT with google, windows, archive, and even geek squad, and no help I lost that whole chapter, and It was so sad. I cried a lot, but whatever just gotta get back to working, so I'm sorry if this chapter isn't that good, honestly the first write was amazing and I was so happy with it, and Idk if I'm going to be able to recreate it.
"Of course not Captain." flickering back to Bruce as he was slowly starting to shift into being awake. another poking in the back of his head, another flickering and Tony was staring at a teapot on the stove. The coding scrolled again but it was one simple string. Heating up the stove so Bruce could make his tea.
"With....with the world? with America?" Clint blurted out, without tact as usual.
Why has he been AWOL! Huh?!"
At least not one he was aware of?
Tony's eyesight flickered as if he was moved, and the darkness wasn't so dark anymore, but a fuzzy grey, and suddenly Tony understood. He wasn't cut off from all his lines, he could feel the electricity reverberating through him. He was still connected to Peter's phone!
With a quick flash of blue, Tony was suddenly looking at a screen- a gallery of videos each one had a date, each stacked under a year.
"That can't be right! He ca-oof" Steve felt the wind rush out of his lungs as Natasha slammed her pointed elbow into his stomach, damn did that hurt.
He could see!
What did that mean? Strange wasn't talking about him? Who
Here it is, Sorry for the wait, I don't have a lot of free time from school. I'm trying to get this written out at any chance I have! And thank you everyone for the comments and support! All of your predictions are a lot of fun to read!
Tony could feel the cool steel on his back, and was that leather? strapping him down into the table? Tony slowly blinked and saw wires, and a table being wheeled over....it had...surgical instruments on it. What...what were these for? Where was Jarvis?
He told he was Iron Man.
current.update();
"My name is Doctor Strange, I am the guardian of these realities now please would you be so kind as to
Thank you everyone that commented and read the last chapter, It honestly makes my day so much brighter to read all the comments!
Ŵ̷̨̧̢̨̡̛̖̦̣̠͎̬̝̭̙̭̜͇̹̫͈̝͎̱̺̺͙̘͓̰͎̤͇͕̥̜̤͉͔̻͉͎̺̳̰̪̥͓͖͈̥̙̞̜̥̲̌̍͆̍͛̎̄̒͛̿̇͗͒͋̏̎̃͊̈͂̋̂̔̐̽͊̽̎̒̌̀͆͐͋̆̈́̀̿̒̈̐̎̓̽͌͐̊̎̽͊͆͌̔̿͒́̋̊̆͘̚̕͠͝͝͝͝ͅà̵̧̛̛̛̟͓̹͔͎̝̣̝̤̬̪̌̑͆̈́̀̉̏̈́̋̇͛͆̃̏͝͝͝ͅs̶̢̠̬̭͉͚̟̖̝̮̝̦̼̰̣͚̣̘̼̠͍̳͙̰̩͎̤͕͓̤̠̐͗͌̒̈̊͂͆͊̊͗̚̚͜ͅͅ ̴̡̢̨̹̣͕̜̟̮̯̹̼͈̮̞͙̦͙̤͕͍͔̙̰͙̗̹͔̩̝̮͎͕̳͎̩̝͓̫͓͔͔̗̲̦͔̩͎̤̻̄͂̿͐̀̋̏͆͆̀̒̍̆̈́̒̋̚̚͜͜͜͜͝ͅȟ̶̨̝̝̬̭̖͈͖̰͎̞̗̤̹̘̱̱̣̞̜̟̳̲̱̭̙͚̯͚̠͎͎̝̼͔ͅȩ̴̨̨̛̛̛̱͚̣̰̟̱̱͙̬͚͔̩̹͍̳̮̼͕̬͍̠̲̺͔͔͈͖̲̤̺̘͔̥̙̻̮͎̭̣͎͕̯̠̥̬͖͖̯̗̱͎̲̮̅͂̈́̍̓̓̽͂̔̆̍͐́̓̾̈́͒̈̈́͆̒̌͐̏̋̾̉̏̇̚̚͘̚͠͝͝͝͠ͅ ̴̼̱͋̅͆̐̐̃̍̋́̕̚ṕ̷̨̡̢̡̧̛̛̜̣̘͚̩̭̪̯̤̭̥̹͚̝̗͎̥͇̜̱̫̭͖̮̲̝̗̹̝̪̟͉̤̯̹̱͆̃̇̎̃͂̓͋̋̈́̔̓͛̒͛̇̈́̅̀͒̐̈̀̓̅̎̈́͌̄͗̂̀̓̈́̕̕͘̚͜l̴̢̨̨̛͉̞̻̫͔͉̠̬̦̥̻̞͕̬̰͕̲̟͉̝͉̻̱̲̹̠̺̎͌̊̈́̉̌̓̊̉̍̍͆̄̆̑̃͒̑͐̀̇͊̔̌̎̐͌͊͂͌̄͒̈́͑̎͗͊͛̽̀͋̐͗̽̄̿̑̏͐̒͒̉̈́͑̍̽͛͂̓̅͐͌́̄̈́̏̓̍͘͘̚̕̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅà̸̡̧̛̛͖̦͚̠̦̠̰͍̠̻͕͓̠̅̌͛̀̾͊̎͛̆̅͆̓̈̆̍͛̍͌͒̓̀̌̾̔͂̃̈́̋̉̉̈͘͜͝͝͝͠͝y̶̢̢̧̧̢̢̧̢̛̟̝̼̠̬̗̥̞̥͉̰̻̹̺̯̮̗͚̯̣͔͇̥͓̬̦̳̖̼̲̣̳͔̱̙͙̘̘̼̖̳͚̹̤̩͙̲̙͓͍̪͙͖͍̦̬͇̬͕͔͈̲͎̤̌͆͑̈́̋͛͑͌͛̋̊́̀̅̔̉̎͆̅͒̈́̃͑̊̋̿̍̒̽̅̇́̃͆̅͂̆̈́̈́̆͋̐̍̆̔̍͆̓̀̅͒̏̉͂͆̈́̍͆͗͐̔̕͘͘͘̚͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅi̷̡̨̡̢̛̛̛̱̘̜͉̗̪̻͚̦͉͖̖̜̞͕̦̼̮̻͕̪͇͖̟̭̦̳̠̮͎̲̳͚͙̳͚̥͚̞̥̩͈̹̯̙͔̮͍̭̖͕͇͙̺̣̟͉̗̖̫̺̳̰̞̥̻̲̜̜̲͙̫̯͚̬̖̤̺͍̯̘̩̋̈̿̄̆̅̂̈́̇̂͌̃̽͑͋͑̏̔̎̏̒̓̏͒̈̅̊̑͑̎̇̆̎̊͛̏̄̆̈́̋̒̑̌̍͑͘̚͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅn̶̨̡̨̧̧̛̻̤͍̪̻̘̼͔͇͚̣̹̙̦̳̫͉͍͉̮̝͍̲͙̻̱̖͕͕̦̘̰̦̟̒̀̈́̐̈́͋̔̂̆̈́̐̊́͋͌̇̋̕͜͝ͅģ̸̢̡̠͈̦̲̮̩̳̻̱̪̠͇̘̞̤̫̥̘͔͓̻̟̤̹̠͙̙̝̠̺̖̽̿̍̔̆̐͋͂͐͐̍̅̓͒̈́͛̈̍͆̀̐̏̿͐̽̅͋́̇̓̉̀͆̑͑͗̋̓̐̍͒́̾̚͠͠͝͠ͅ ̵̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̫͎͕͍̯̭̪͔͕̱͓̘̖͚̺͈̞̩̼̬̩̖̼͙͚̺̯̝̣̲̳͈̄͋̎̐͛̔͆̐͐̒͑̅̈́̏̉͛̊͗̋̐̌͑̔͑́̐̌̅̽͋̌̋̓̑̐̇̃͆̓͂̋͌̉̾́̂̒̐̌̃̄̇̅̓̔̈́̀͂̿̀͗͌͋͐̍͂͘͘̕̚͜͜͠͝͠͝͝h̵̨̢̢̧̢̢̡̡̛͎̰͎͍̪̙̼̬̜̱͖̲̹̰̭͇̳̘̳̹̬̞̲͓̥̯̦̥̭͕̰̙̦͇͈̪̟̘̝̥̫̫̰̩̹̝̞͑̈̒͑̽̏̉̅͂̃̔̆̐̅̄̏͛̿̈́͛́̿͆̐̽͛̑́̿̂͊̊̅̓̆͗̀͒̾̍̓̅̈́́̾̆̽̾̐̊̄͛̓̈́̓͆̈́͒́͗̇̌͛͌̋̚̚̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅi̴̡̨̢̡̨̛̭̬̘̟̳͎̺̖̮̪̦̬̫̖̲̝̙̪͔̥̭͚̫̟̝͙̣̺̙̬̲̍̍̐̐̂̈́̓̈́̐͘͜͝͝ḍ̸̢̧̨̡̨̢̧̛̛̱͕̘̻̣̮̺͉͈̬̪̙̰̞͖͎͇͙͈̜̻̖͙̘̜͕̝̥̫̙̝̖̖̜̱̘̻̞̝̟̘̪̱̱̙̣͓̠̣̱̟͈͚͖̗̰̤̃͂͋̈́̄̆̾̓̏̒͆̋̅͋̓̈́̐͆̅̒͆͛͛͊͌͑̔͂͆̓́̓͐͐̓̅̈́̋̾̽͂̚̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͠͝ͅe̵̠̖̰̯̩̝̞͎̟̺̣̰͚̩̤̜͚͓̝͓̋ ̶̧̨̢̛̛͔̦̬̮̟͎̜̙̼̮̩̻̜̮̖͉̦̠͉̺̹͔̥̖̟̜̼͇̘̗͎̜̘͈̣̥̯̞̤̮͋̄̒͆̉̽̾̃̓̎̑̓̔͗̋̍̌̑͋̂͌̈͊̽̆͋̎͂̑̌͗̉̈́̕͜͝͠ą̶̨̡̢̛̙̹̯͈̻̫̟̮̻̱̳̼̦͈̠̹͔̘̮̳̝͖̦̳̹̦̟̟͚̻͙̠̰̼̯͉̱͎͇̜̤̫͍̦͚͇̙̝̮̘͕̖͓̞̯̙͎̹̪̳̗̳̣̜̖̺̙̟͓͕͉̪͍̱̝̰̤̣̺͖͓̿̍͗̑͑́̄̿̔͒̊̾̎̍̓̓́̓̉̈͆̑̃̈́̏͗́̅̅̈́͆͗̅̋͂͂͑̐̊̑͊̈́̾̉̃̔̿͑̿͗̀̄̒͌̍͌̂͋͐̈́͆̀̍́̈́̓̉̏̂̽̿̎͘͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝n̸̡̢̢̢̢̢̛͖͖̙̟͚̲͕͚͈̫̰̱̪̦̪̳̬̙͈̣̝̟̙͔̳̝͉̯̯̳̩̣̪͓̝̳̖͓̟̩̝̥͔̼͈̞̠̪̳̬̯̜͉͇̻͈̙͕̙̺̲̫̦̝͙̪̪̫̊͐̈̃͋͑̆̒̃̓͒̿̃͛̐͛̆̎̍̀̀͗̎͗̈͊̆̈́͆͛̍̒͆̌̑̽͂͑̄̍̔̈́͊͒͐́̇͑̄͌̇̏͋̃̒͑͂͌̾̕͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝d̸̺̬͉̦̗̮̭͍̰̭̭͓̜͙̬̫̻̱̭̤̹̦͇̫͔̫͉͐̔͒ ̶̧̧̨̡̧̡̨̛͙̫͇͖̱͖̫͔̪͕̹͉͎̙̯̜̯̹͓̥͙͕̝̖̰̣͍͔̘͍͕̙̲͍̺̪̭͍̝͉̱̬̘̑́̃̉͂̆̓̓̄̔̄̔̋̎̇̆́̔̄̇̊͆͗̀̓͋̄̄̽͒̈́̄̑̀̑̌̇͐̈́͒̃̇͆̇͘̕͘͘̕̚͝͠͝ͅͅg̸̨̨̧̛͔̬͓̺̰̖̙̱̱͍̪͉̦͓̱̳̯̻͕͍̭̫̗͕͎̲͍̦̰͔̥̦̥͕͐͛̉͋̈́͆͂̍̽̓̒̌̒̆͗̒̏̍̏͛̇̽́̑̎̈́̋̄̈́͛̒̄̄͐́̅̒̚͘͜͝͝͠ǫ̷̨̡̧̧̢̢̨̨̧͇͚͖̞̮͇̠̤͔͙̗̩̼͈͖̥͙͇̟̥͓̪̰̬̮͕̯̥̭̠̮̤̠̣̠̱͚̰͙̝̟̼̻͇̹̜̙̪͈̞̮̰̠̲͚͍͈͍͔̱͓̠͓̜͖͎̝̠̫͍͓͔̈́͛̊͂͛̈́̃̎̐͂̉̽̾͑̃̂̂̄͗̑̆̓̀̎̑́̃̃͊̋̍͒̈́̅̾̈͒͛͐̈̽͐͑̄̍̿͆͛̾̓̅̽̈́̈́̋̽̈́͒̐̈́͑̑̽̋͒͊͛̉̒͘͘̕͘̚͘̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅ ̶̡̡̨̡͓̜͍̳̦̤̻͚̣͍̳̪̆̊̈̈̄̈̊̀̐͋͑̉͆̉̅̒̾̏̂̌̄̆̋̕̚s̴̨̧̡̛̛̪̜̣̱̝̯͕͇͇̣̬̯̠̲̗̻̠̠͙̟͚̹̙̖̰͙̙͖̪̭̞͇̹̱̠͉̜̱͖͇̯͚̹̺̦̦̩͙͙̜̜̩̫͒́̋̾͌͛͆̉̒̅͆͌́̏̀͛͆̑͑̒̿̅̽͆͊̉͒͑̉͛̍̃̈́̅̓̿̏̅̈́̒́̀́̌̑̇̋͋͆̓̉̾͂̏̒̐̎͌̂͒̾͊̾͗̊̓̈́͊͐͊̀͆̿̑̏̽̈̕̕͘͘͘͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅḙ̷̢̢̢̨̧̧̢̡̖̭̼̼̩͇̞͚̟̼̪̣͙̩͉̪͖̬̤̻͖͖̯͙̝̼̱͉̫͍͎̬̠̜̺̻͓͖̲̺̣͔̝̝̯͉͎̰̖̲̩̭̩̞̩̘̗͎͎̦̞͎̭̟̼̗͈͇͙͒́͑̐̇̀͜͜ͅͅe̸̛̗͒̋̈͒͊̅̉̀̌̂̿̓̈́̈́̈̽̆͋͑͛̅̽̑̉̌̉̓̓̇͌̐̈́̓̍̏̈́̑͛̊́͌̎̋͋̈̈͗͆̓̋̓͐̈́̉͑̔̈́̍́̊̆̉̀̂͐̓̈̾͌̂̀̚̕̚̕͘̚̕͝͝͠͠͝͠͝k̵̨̨̢̨̨̨̡̡̧̧̛̛̝͓̹̫̗̹̙͙̜͉̝͉̱̼̟̮͎̰͓̝͉̫̫͇͈̩̮̮̳̘̖̣̝̗͖̤̥̲̙͇͎͍̥͍͖̞͍̰͙̫͚͚̹̲̮̞͂͊͊̿̊̀̉̐̊͛̃̑̊̌́̒̌̑̏̓̽̐̽̾̉͐́̔̾̀͂̑̉̄̊̆̎̂̓̈́̽̅͗̽̂̽͐̀̀̾̑̋̍̀̈́́̑̊̍̈͌͒̓̿͐̑͌̋̕̚͘̕̕̕͘̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅ ̷̡̡̨̢̢̡̼̠͉̣̯̘͓̜̭̥̘̦̥̬͇͈̖̝̠̦̭͎̪̟̟̻̱̺͕̬̤̬̣͉̘͇͈͔͍͙͍̘̦̟̗̥̬̞̤͍̞̭̭̒̆̋̋̉͂̓̿́̋͂́͗́̈́̆̎̇͛̍̅͐̂̄͛͊̎̉̕͝͝ͅą̸̮̭̬͉̟̠̹̳̫͉̦̞̼͔̠͉̤̫̅͐̚͜ͅg̷̡̢̢̨̢̧̡̧̛̲̣̪̤͓̥̥͇͔̯̜̰̝̭̙̝͓͇͇͕͈̩̞̙͎͈̫̺̙̖̲͇͍̰͈̺͍͇̣̬̫͍̬̫̜̫̻̰̬̺͓̤͎̙̭͙̲̠̻͇̮̯̰͙͍͓͖͕͓͕̬̩̜̩̭̤͍͚͈̫̖̉͋̆̈́̏͛̆̈̐̔̐̂͛͋̉̋̊̆̾͛͑̆͊̽͌́̾̀̄͗̽̌̎̈̊̚͜͝͝ͅą̸̢̛̜̱̱̻̦̘̩̅́̌̔̈̊͌̌̂͑͌̊̾̇̍̐̂̉͆̀̓̑̿͐̈́̂̈́̋̎͐̿̒̅̃͛̎̎̃̑̃̓͗̾̾̈̔͑͂̓̔̇͊̈́̑̂̎͌̈́̀͋͊̏́̓͊̉̂͗̚̚̚̕̕̚̚̚͜͠͝i̶̢̨̡͙̤̣̩͖̮͔̞̩̞͍̹͔͎̩̩͈͙̥̫̖͍͖̦̱͕̭͔͎̦̝̠͎̝̱̞͍̟̭̗͈̼̪̫̦̖͈̩̖̜̩̜̤̯̦̙̪̟͚̪̥͐͛̍͊̆̄̾̋͋́̾̎̐͜ͅn̷̡̡̢̬̘̪͉͇̞̣̪̠̣̦̘̝̜̰̗̮̩̗͓͍͍̞̮͙͚͕̳̣̞͎͎͚͕͈̙̻̣͓̜̗̝͖͎͖̖̝̱̺̭̘̮̙͕̹͖̟̱͖̙̲͚̲̳̭͇̭̩̖̭̓́̌̉͑̂͜ͅͅ ̵̡̡̡̨̧̺͍̰̹͈̜̝̩͖͖̝̞̻̫͔̫͖̱͍͍̹̪̗̻̤̠̝͍͉̯͖͕̦͇̰͓͙̹̟͉͕͎͉͖̰̙̫̝͓͍̫͕͉̱̬͖͖̘̦̝͕̦̟̘̣̳̲̱͙̜̭̣̹̤͈̖̞̖͍͙͒̿͜͜͜ͅͅͅẅ̵̡̧̢̨̧̧̛̗̩̜̬̙̖̱̞̳̯͈̭̝̩̪̼̱̙̼̻͓̥͕̗̼̞͚̰̖̘̞͖̙̥̬̦̙̥̜͚̳̱͖͈͇̟̝̺̳͍̲̜̥̠̯͚͚͙̫̥̫̬͚͚́͂̈́̐̓̿͒͛̽̔̔̉͛̊͂̒̔͆͒̃̈́̍͛̍͊͂̍͒̏͑̂̈́̓̿͒̀̓̾̍̒̄͂̕̕͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅi̵̡̡̡̧̨̡̛̛̹̰͔͎̖̫̖̣̭̯̟̙͕̙̮͕̪͍̟̜̪̜͙̝͚̖̬͚̻̼̻͍̗͈̝͎͕̺̺̥͙̦͖̣̟̲͈̞̩̩̘̯͉͈͕̤͈̭͇̗̘̳͇̲̯͕͕̘̠̱̠̖̘͍̳̬͓͉̯͊̊͑̈́̌̆̃̏͆̅̇̑͌̉̈́̓͗̈̈̂͆̊͌͘͜͠͠ͅţ̶̨̢̢̡̨̨̢̢̛͔̗̘̭̗̹͚̲̗͔̺̩̜̼͙̟̯͙̻̹͎̣̥̳̟͉̟̖̱͎͓͈̯̞̗̭̖̞͙̝͓̠̖̻̞̺̗͔̲̪̣͇̤̬̮̘̼̖͈̝̞̱͑̉̌͆͒̄̎̔̊̆̓͒̃̓̅̍͐̂͊̄̿̔͐͐́͋̉̒͆̓͒̈́̄̌̐̿͆̈̊̂̔̀̽̔̽̉̎͐̂̊̂͐̏̂͛͂̓̔͆̐̉̑̍͒̚̚͘̚͘̚̚̕̚͜͜͠͝͝ͅh̴̛͙̿̈͒̒͒̈́̒̈́̋̎̃̐́͋̀͆͗̈̎̋̏́̓͌̂̽̓͛̾͌͋̍͛̋̄̿͗́̓͘͘͘͘͘͘̕͘͠͝ ̶̢̡̡̢̧̨̛̛͎͔̤͕͎̥̠͔̪̠̭͓͎͓̭͍̫͍̮͚̱̥̦̯̹͙͙̩̻͎̪̰̭̗̩͍͍̝̱͌̅͂̏̎̉̌̄̏̅̓̅̌̒͌̑̒̌͆̀͛̐̀̏̑̈͌̐̎͆͆̓̿̽̓̾̐͑̐͋̏̓͗̂͒͂̑̈́̄̽̈͆̃̏̕̚͘͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝J̴̧̢̢̡̡̧̛̛̛̗͙̭̭̯͕͔͎̦̲̮̩͓̹̺̫͚͇͖̬̮͈̦͕̣̻̼̙̗̜̞̤̩̻͉͕̲̼̭̦̘̘̯̭̳̳͇͉̘̮̮͙̪̼̳̟̯̱̰͔̖̰̱̹͚̳̼͔̟̦͇͙̞͙̫̼̍̈́̽́̈́̋̏̇̃̈͐͋̒̈́̏͘̕͘͘͜͝ͅͅͅä̶̢̧̡̹̳̰̩͉̮̘̻̭͖̤͇̙̟̞̜̯͉̺̩̋́͆̊̌̇̇͆̓̀̇̽̌̽̔̾̕̕͘̕͝ṛ̸̡̧̢̛̳̯̦̳͓̺͙͕͕͖̮̯̞̳̗̖̙̼̺̹̲̙̺̦̹̳̜̭̪͚̹̼͎͓̮̩͗̋̓͐̄̈̈̄̆͊͆͂͛̅̇̌̑̆̎̓̂̅̂͗̂̈̾̈́̍̎̈́̔̓̊̒̉́̉̽͗̈́̀̓̉̋͌̍͋̅̋̒͋̔̽͌͘̕̚̕͘͜͝͠͝v̴̭͉̣̣̦̞͍̲͈͙̱͖̯̝̪̊͊̉̏̎̃͋̒̈́̓̾̆́̂͂͋͑̆͘̚̚̚į̶̛͎̖̯͉͚̟͉͉̜̮͉̯͙͍̟̞̠̤̪̦̺̻̪͔͙̤̓̆̏̈̀̾̋̐̄͋͛̈́̿̾̐̇̍̇̾̎̽̐̈̊̽̉͛̓͗͑͊́̐̂̏̊͂̈́͊̂͆̃̽͌̄̈́̃̕͘̕̚͠͝ş̶̢̨̢̹̮̗̟͎̲͇̭͎͇̪̳̦̭͕͈͍͈̫̠͉̮̪̩̱̪̭̮̬̼̗͖̳͕̤͉͖͍̩͉̞̬͕̯̝̭͔͇̦̪̤͉̭̫͕͍̣̬̖̤̼̦̫̺̪͉̻̱̜͙̮̺̼͈͂͐̈͜ͅ?
But the other T.O.N.Y. was oddly silent today, almost like he was participating in the relax recovery day. Or...he knew what Tony wanted to do and was giving him the silent treatment. Which, actually wasn't surprising, a little childish but not surprising.
"I see, well, thank you for waking me Tony."
Oh.....So that was the trick...all along? Howard had killed Anthony Stark...leaving behind an empty shell for the New Tony to possess...with the left over conscious that was downloaded after his legs were taken...converted into T.O.N.Y. to run the system....
"FUCK Steve! Can't you see he's in pain, Let me help!" Everyone flinched at Tony's raised voice, and there was those error screens again. Steve looked utterly terrified and nodded slowly bringing Bucky to the middle of the floor.
"We need to figure out why....we all have the memories from our dreams, now we just need to put them all into place." Natasha told them all looking determined. Bruce seemed to be the next person on board tapping his chin contemplatively.
.....
Natasha then pushed Steve's head slightly to the right, as if to position his head in a better angle to see Clint not caring on how much of a mess he was making, and
Tony watched Clint get ready yawning as he did so his vision flickered again back to the kitchen. More coding, Tony was getting the hang of this. The coding detailed what he was capable of and at the end the errand stated what he had to do. He turned on the coffee machine and flickered to a new room. This time Natasha, although she was already awake.
When Tony lost all connection from the common sitting room, he felt sick, he was already handling these depressed filled emotions that seemed to be a side effect from black out mode. It was an odd sensation, like losing part of his eyesight, or a limb. As if his hand had lost all mobility.
Clint looked back with a smirk and a salute, and then jumped down on the extending cables of the elevator and slid down. Steve looked over at Bucky and for a second he wished he would see soft chocolate eyes compared to Bucky's usual Icey blue.....right....Anthony Stark...in another universe...Steve knew him..
"Yup" He offered up, loving the way Natasha's nose scrunched, oh boy could this get entertaining, as long as the other him didn't try and stop him-
"Did I say this was the time for questions?" Strange raised an eyebrow, and Steve furrowed his eyebrows in response, but everyone went quiet.
"Okay now that we got the introductions out of the way, lets go, I'm going to give you directions and you are going to follow them, got it? Good."
Howard was just another Goliath in his way, and Tony was a David, smart enough to build himself a sling shot. It didn't matter if Howard had ruined Tony, Tony wasn't just going to become what he wanted, he wasn't going to bear that burden. He was Tony, not Stark, not the Merchant of Death,
Ah... there it was..
Behind him he could hear the rest of the Avengers landing. Steve strained his eyes to be able to see through the darkness. It was Clint again who somehow pulled a flashlight out of nowhere.
What was happening... When had Tony closed his eyes?
"Inside the main body of my memory core."
"Is everything alright in the Compound?" Steve looked up at Tony, his eyes looking bluer than Tony had ever seen them before...it was the video screen wasn't it, making the world have a light opaque blue tint.
"Look Tony has been looking out for me ever since I entered this company, back when Stane was CEO. In fact it was Tony that had caught Stane, and when Stane had tried to kill all who knew the truth of his...weapons trafficking, Tony told me where he was so I could avoid him, and had alerted the police." Pepper spoke softly, even in this universe he wouldn't let her down, he knew it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He suddenly came across Steve heaving as he sat at the edge of his bed.
"Well Stark, would you like to go back?"
̷̢̛̛̙̼̖͚͍̺̟̼̰͓͓̼͈̣̍̏́̎̉̀͑͊̋͒͒͌̊͋̃̄̈́͗̉̑̑̒͑̚͝͝͝͝{̴͖̮̟̖̳̩̭͖̻͕͚̭̺̯̯̠̙̟̠͓̭̗̩̗̥̳̭̗̊́͜
He...was a machine...this coding...was his....
No....
In retrospect Tony should have seen the warning signs.
What was happ01100101 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111?
"But you said he was dying, right?" Bucky asked, Natasha nodded, "Then maybe he just died instead?"
"I hope you don't regret this decision Stark..."
Now is not the time! We've settled this! I am you, got it, there isn't really a You and Me. It's
"Natasha, you said you knew a guy. That's-" Steve jabbed a thumb back at Clint who only gave a small wave in return, "- Clint,
5_Do not allow refurbishment or dismantling to occur_
"I can...but shouldn't." Tony spoke back with that same soft voice. Shouldn't? Not couldn't, so...there was a way to figure out what was happening and if there was one thing Steve knew, it was that he had the determination to figure it out. To think Howard would be willing to kill his own son? To loose all that promise. No. Something was off, and Steve knew he was stubborn enough to find the answers.
"Or Howard hid something inside you." Steve took another step forward and the small robots at his feet parted away allowing him access towards Tony's full body.
Tony had fucked up....what was he going to do....
T.O.N.Y.
"I can not say." Tony could only say back, this was tough, he wished he could say anything. He wanted to go back to when he could just talk with Steve, when he could speak and when Steve wasn't constantly disappointed with him. No matter what Tony did, he would ultimately fail everyone, he knew that, and so for the first time he couldn't help but second guess this plan. Because as much as this future seemed better, in this moment seeing Steve this distraught was brought on by him. In this universe, it was good and perfect and Tony never existed, by merging their universes he had screwed up this one. All for his own selfish need to what? To fix  something, at least in his timeline Steve seemed happy, not this sweat covered distraught mess he was in now. Steve had made his decisions by his own choice; free will, and hadn't Tony just taken all that away by merging the universes together? Hadn't that been Steve's fear in the beginning? What caused the Civil War? The fact Steve wouldn't have control over his own decisions anymore, and...Tony had just taken it away...
"Yes" Tony still sounded unsure.
"I apologize for the display, but Bucky is all good now." Tony offered, yeah maybe this was a bad idea.... "Can he hear everything we say?" Clint whispered to Natasha, she gave a minuscule nod. Tony would have missed it if he wasn't a machine. Tony chose to be silent as the rumbas connected him back up.
He could feel the weight of something on his eyes, and Howard finally turned around and...
hands on the dome.
Steve stood up slowly, and looked around the room, as Clint also started stamping his feet, Bruce sighed and looked over to the floor next to the latch and nodded.
"No It's a reboot..." Ms. Potts said softly, 2, 1. The small bots moved back and started to pull out needles from the back of the machine and replug in the wires. There were no sparks. Slowly the lights started to light back up and the small blue light that Steve hadn't even noticed was emitting from the-Tony... Tony wasn't a machine, he didn't sound like it. He was, but he sounded alive.
"What is it Bruce?" Natasha asked softly as he slowly paced the proximity of the ripped dome.
March 18: Howard seems spooked by something, he seems to believe he will die soon and when he does T.O.N.Y. will be dismantled, he is setting it up for the security system to upgrade itself, set appointment with Director Fury, this could end in disaster.
He needed rest.
I was writing this and then I saw Infinity war, and Man did that change things for me, I wanted to write an Infinity war fic for a while. And this chapter was meant to be more light hearted and good, but each time I wrote I was making it more dismal since I was going through some shit.
"I apologize I thought I would try what Clint calls a prank." The words came out but they didn't feel like Tony said them or maybe he had he didn't feel right, another electric shock and finally the errors vanished when the Avengers calmed down.
What? Then why are you showing this to me?
Howard
"You got...hacked?" Sam asked looking skeptical.
It was time to come clean about everything...with Howard...with the records...and with...Tony.
Glitch text:
"Of course not, in order to do that we would have to take him apart, and if we did that, we have no guarantee, we'd be able to put him back together again. Look I don't want to force Tony through a reset, we don't know what that could do to him, besides he's my friend, he saved my life more than once." What? That was news to him. Iron Man didn't exist in this world, how on Earth had Tony saved Pepper- Obadiah Stane had attempted to harm Ms. Potts after the files of his weapon's trafficking and embezzling was sent to her. Obadiah Stane had attempted to cover his tracks and had succeeded in killing 4 employees, he had used his security system to inform Ms. Potts where Obadiah Stane's position was to secure Ms. Potts safety, she was the only survivor of the rampage.
God he had missed Bruce, it had been years. Bruce had been everything to him, a brother, someone even closer than Rhodey he dared say.
And Enter!_
"Maybe there's a way...to get Tony back online?"  Natasha shook her head softly,
And speaking of the kid. Tony couldn't see him but he sure as hell could
Ȩ̵̨̡̨̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̛̭̝̥̜͍͉̼̭̯̱̰̰̻͔̯̣̼̩͎̰̦͇̼̬͈̲̰̝̫̫̫̞̜͓͓̹͕͎͓̦̗̫̻̭̬̖̹̰͎̣͈̥͇̦̭̥͇̺̹͇̦͓̹̫̲̰̭͍̟̟̠̱̫̝͖͎̫̗̤͚̥̼̩̯̘̲͎͔̪͎̤̬̙͖͇̖̭̬̹̫̦̺͖͍̺̖͖͈̮͍̮͔̖͙̠͈̳̺͔̞̟͇̳͎̖̺̱͇̥̦̖̲̜̳͖̩̼̙͔̗̻͉͎̥̥͕̻̃͊̋͊́́̽̅̃̐̏̽̋̊̽̏̽̾̋̔͛̃͂̎̈́̿̉͊̎͋̿͒͗̀̌̐͌̆̍̑̏̿͛͌̀̍͐̈́̇͗͌̐̇̈́̒̀̒͛̇͆͊͂͗̈́͆͑͆̈̍̐̓̈͑̿̏͒́̿̈́̑̈͑̀͑̌̽͌̈̃́̈́̐͆͌̅̔̐̈̐̒̏̈́̒͑́̈͗̎̆̒̈́̒̅̇̀̄͗̆̒̈́́̒̇͌̎̒̉̆͐͂̋̎͊̋͛̉̌̂͐͗̈́̓̂͂̄̈́̌̀̇͌̀̆̉̚͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅṞ̸̢̨̨̧̨̢̢̧̭̩̠͍͔͇͖̮̤͕̩̫͖̜͉͉̜̝̟̰̹͖̗̪̳̳̦̗̭̥͚͈̤̗̠͇̞̗̝̯̜͍̻͈̯͙͓̺͉̪͉̫͓̻͈̥̣̥̺͖͍̟̺̙̲̮̼͇̗͇̩̪̹̻̬̟̭̖̯̤̣̰͖̱͍̫̱͇̲̹̭̟̲̇̂͑͐̄̂́̈͂͆̓͒̏͋͆͗̃̌̀̂̋̾͑̈̓͂̑̓̇̑͑͌́̆͂̇͒͆̌̓͐̊̀̉̄̓̄̈́̀̆̈́͋̅̌̇̑͆̅̈͋̓̀̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅȐ̵̢̢̨̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̧̨̛̛̛̗̰̣̻͎̹͎̣̲̠͔̳̙̝͕̣̣͓̝͇͉͈̝̳̦͍̻̼̺̙̘̘̘͍̼̥̟͚̘̙̝̥̪͔̘̤̗̳͔̳̥̮̺͉̻̬͚̙͇͉̺̣͙̙̘̲̼̪̙̰͇̪̬̪͔͈̗͇̤͎͔̙̼̟͍̣̪͎͕̼̠̟̜̠̱͇̦̦̭̪̺̗̦̣̝̺͙̣̮̖̭̳̜̝̼̔̈́̃͐̾̐̓̈́̉̈̃̒͑̈́̉͗̍̓̒̊̊̌̅͒̅̄̈͐̓́̆̒̾̾̈́̄̇̈́̌̆̍̿̍̈́̈́̏͌̑̄́͊͗̄̊͐̆̍̈̆̈̂͑̀̀͋͐͊͒̂̓̈́̄̄̇̂̋͗͆̉̓͂̽̽̔̅̆̾̽͐́̈́̓̂̊̈́͐̎̃͌̿̒͂̉̑̆́̈́̔͒̋̂̎̊̊͋̔̐̅̐́̑͗͗̆̅̋̍̄̃̑̋͛͌̽́̋̊̓̒̑͑͒̂̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̕̕̚̕͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠Ô̸̢̨̧̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̧̡̧̨̢̧̨̨̢̭̤͇̥͙̦̥͙̜͖̯͇͈̬͚̭̯̠̭̝͖̖͉͈̳̗̯̗͕̮̫̺͙̪̻̲͍̗̹͔̣̙̤̭̩̼͎̝̩͈̠̜̣̠̦͎̣̹̝̙̥͓̩̱͍̥̗̺̰͍̺̣͚̝̟̱̠͉̖̹̣̱̩͕͔̖̥̺̼͓̪̞̩̬̻͇̮̙̤͖̠̲̲̙̥̜̘̝͚̩̥͍̞͉̪͙͖̟̘̪̝͉͚͕͉̪̼̠͓̤̳͙̻̠͍̗̩̪̦̂̃͆̔͊̽͂̆̈́̆́̈͂̇͌̐̂̔͊̑̒͂̈́̍͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅR̸̡̨̧̢̡̢̡̡̢̛̛̦͉̰̺͉̣̯̖͉̥̝̣̼̰̺̬͕̥͈̯̣̣͖͚̱̞̗̙̼̪̲̗̲̙͎̯̼̹͚̬̠̺̫̪̣̻̣̙̤͓̭͙̱̜̟̩̱̩̺̳̗̫̻̬̤̼̭̞̗̥̠̟͎̜̺͉̺̳͉̭̫̱͇̫̼̬̹̰̲̭̫̜̼̦̺̯͖̤̭̦͚̩͙̣̲̹͔͍͇̯͍͕͍̬͙̫͉͕̤͖̦͚̯͓̼̣̙̻̠͍̹͚̂̎̄͛̌̿͑̒̀̀̈́̈́̓͗͑̋͑̄̅̇̉̇̉́̉͗͗̇̎̈̐̌̏̈́̆̌̆͊̍̃̑̉̑̃͊̏̽̂̉͌̇̊͆̊͋͂͌̾̍͐̽̔͋̒̔̉́̄͗̉̒̀̇̑͂̆̓̒͛̐̒̓͒͊́̒̅̈̈͌͊͊̏́̒̆̄̽̉͆̀̽̊̂̓͒͐̋̊̋̇̊̈́̾̒͑͗̿̂͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅ
"That's impossible" Pepper interrupted, well fuck. He called it. He knew she'd know, there goes his cover story.
Tony. The Avengers were in the Dark, and he traumatized a kid. If Strange had just shown up earlier then everything would have been cleared up, Tony would still....Tony....he'd still be here....
, He was smashing and punching and the monster was still struggling,
"He doesn't even know computers that well....I know email better than him!" Natasha shook her head at that as Clint cracked his fingers and started typing, and wasn't that just the most horrifying thing ever.
"No Bruce! You can not leave! You are the closest person to a medical professional we have, We are going to need you!" Steve blinked twice at Natasha's harsh words but she was right...they...they were going to need medical help to handle....
"There was only Mr. Stark, Mr. Stane, and now Ms. Potts, only the CEO's have been given information about Tony." Natasha stated, that...made sense.
Tony needed to fooocus...something wasa happening....
Why was he in the dark waiting again?
And suddenly Steve is awake again, breathing hard, he can feel sweat budding on his forehead and the sweat running down his back. It was that dream again. But it was different, While the nightmare had been about losing Bucky, now the fear came from those eyes. He didn't...why...was he going to kill that...thing? But it had...hurt Bucky and him. Why...why did the thing have eyes,
In his chest was a large glowing mechanism that was the epicenter where all the wires conversed plugging into the ceiling above. His skin was pale and stained with old blood on his legs and arms, and his eyes were closed, his hair grown ragged and wild. But the worst part....the worst part was his head..split open wires running through his skin. The skull was cut off and removed revealing the flesh of brain beneath, his brain was cut in a staggered layered above his head as the wires were speared through his brain electric shocks running through his brain and the machine above.
"Captain do you have the arm?" He asked, Steve looked up holding Bucky up the arm under his other arm. "Good, when you enter into the lab please sit Barnes on the floor next to my Helpers, and just keep him still." The Avengers seemed to freeze again, as if Tony had said something utterly terrible.  Or hell if he had threatened them...He supposed they would be frightened since there was no tech savvy person around to advocate for the AI's. Tony watched as the doors opened and looked at their horrified faces when they realized there was no medical team waiting for them.
Tony couldn't believe this, if someone had told him a month ago he would be carried around by a young man then he would have laughed at the poor delusional asshole. And yet here he was...being carried by the young spider boy...what had Tony's life come to.
Hey everyone I'm so sorry how long this took me and how short it is, I just have been dealing with a lot and honestly, my depression only seems to be getting worst, its taken a lot of effort to keep at this
January 30: The Psych eval showed no change with Stark, see file NO. 466789932B. Howard is still working on that Security system, he claims it will be in charge of everything, including Shield, his greatest creation. He changed the voice on the machine, it no longer sounds like a robot but like a person. The voice sounds like the late Anthony Stark, despite passing the Psych Eval I have my doubts on his mental state.
That was all Tony wanted, he couldn't bear having to know that Peter's blood would be on his hands.
"I'm sorry who even is this guy!?" Clint blurted out again and Steve sucked in a sigh that so desperately wanted to escape.
Iron Man needed to be removed from the equation. Tony needed to be removed from the equation.
"I've always been self aware Pepper, It's just the first time I think I'm willing to admit it."  Well he was, the other him, not so much. Whatever happened to him in this world wasn't pleasant- fuck was that an understatement. But things still didn't make sense and quite honestly that was the biggest annoyance to Tony. He hated not knowing, not understanding. It didn't make sense, and that was the worst part, not knowing. His brain was always too active, it had been a problem when he was a kid. Always having these thoughts bouncing around in his head, making it so loud to hear, it would build up build up
"Yes Captain Rogers?" It felt safe to start with a distance.
"There's no blue prints or anything?" Clint asked.
He looked back over to the Doctor with a stern look.
When Tony held out his hand the electricity danced.
"Well lets see, whose side were most of us on, who has memories fighting the metal man, raise your hand." Clint called out, raising his hand. Steve raised his hand, as did Bucky, Sam...everyone except for Bruce and Natasha, there was no way of knowing about Thor, seeing as he wasn't here. Clint looked around and just huffed,
"I saw him drink a lot, you?" Steve offered. Natasha nodded. "Something is happening Natasha...someone is messing with our heads, and it isn't Loki, and it isn't anyone Tony has been able to catch just yet." Natasha looked down with a scowl.
I assure you that we are so very close to the end, Honestly there could probably be only 4 more chapters and then It will be done, Thank you everyone for all the continued support and I assure you the next chapter shouldn't take as long as I usually do, also let me know what you think! All you're comments really get me writing more. Also shout out to angel_gidget for making my day with the double comments and the indepth response about my story, honestly pushed me to get this out so soon, so let me know what you all think everyone!
Well it was okay, Tony didn't exactly need his help to do this. He just needed to figure out what happened. Which meant going through the archives. Tony looked back at the cuddle pile, yup, there was Sam. He wasn't nearly as wrapped up around the group as the others, but perched on the side, his shoulder just barely touching the back of Natasha's. She had her head placed on Bucky's shoulder, and her legs was over his tangled up mostly with Clint's who was laying down and had his legs thrown over Bucky as well. Although while Natasha was more huddled, Clint was sprawled. Bucky was still huddled around his hot chocolate-or well mild chocolate really. Bruce was on the other lounge chair, passed out, an empty tea mug dangerously close to slipping out of his hand. His glasses were at the tip of his nose and his hands sprawled out, the picture of exhaustion.
So if Tony really had gotten hacked...and had known how to fix Bucky's arm....that meant that someone from Hydra had hacked him. This wasn't good...not at all. Clint slowly walked out and had a paper in his hand. He slowly tilted it so Steve could just barely see what it said, although his body was positioned as if to hide it's contents from anyone else. It read: Shut down Tony. Steve felt his face get pinched at the thought.
Tony suddenly felt cold, cold, cold, cold, cold,
"So we can't go through the latch...We go around?" Clint stated.
Steve.
Well...that wasn't to different from his timeline. He hoped it all worked out for Thor.
That, didn't sound to bad. It made efficient sense. And...things didn't make sense.
"Steve. Help me pull out these wires." Bruce whispered shakily, Steve stepped up slowly plucking the wires from their original form, creaking in their first movement in decades. Slowly Steve began to tug and with a soft pop, the wires snapped away from the glowing circle in the man's chest.
....ᵢₜ'ₛ....ₒₚₚₒᵣₜᵤₙᵢₜy....wₑ cₐₙ'ₜ ₘᵢₛₛ....Wₑ cₒᵤₗd bₑ.....ₐₘₐzᵢₙg!.....
#include
"Of Course, Mr. Tony!" Peter then slipped into an alley way and let his backpack fall on the ground and starting pull on the-why did Tony tell him to use his spider powers, now he was going to have to see that god awful polyester nightmare for even longer.
"Wh-Ho-Wh-HOW!?" It was about at that time when Natasha looked at Steve smugly. They had to be wrong, Clint couldn't have just gotten in.
Why....why..why was the room spinning....
Steve looked at the other Avengers, each looking disturbed. Sam was probably the calmest of them all, his eyes steady and assessing the situation, poor Bucky though, his eyes bouncing around at all the exits and...and all the spots Steve knew he had stashed weapons at. He couldn't let anything happen, he needed to reassure them, he was the leader, he had a duty! Even if he did feel like curling up next to that smoking dome and ask for forgiveness and try and fix Tony.
"You too?"
"just use your Spider Powers, I don't care, just hurry!" Peter nodding looking startled by Tony's outburst, Tony had a limited window here, if any of the Avengers came down, he was going to get caught, and Tony didn't want that happening just yet.
Ah... there it was..
The whole situation made him want to blow off some steam in the gym. In fact it just made him antsy, he couldn't sit still when he brain was so clouded like this. It wasn't clear, nothing was clear. If T.O.N.Y. knew how to fix Bucky's arm and said it was from an Avengers mission...That meant either one of the avengers had lied about seeing the blue prints. Or....one of them had seen them and not realized.
01010011 01110000 01101001 01101110 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01110100 01110010 01101111 01101100 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01101000 01101001 01101101 00100000 01100001 01101110 01111001 01101101 01101111 01110010 01100101 00101100 0̜̘͚̍̈̏0̻̝̒͛͟͠1̘̱̩̞̑̈́̊͞0̛̬̟̗̒̎̏͟0̪͚̇͒̔͟0̞͑0͔͋0̇͜ ͔͗0͇̊1̨̋1̧͔̑̅0͕͊1̱͓̣̽͂̓0̦̦̃͝0̤͉̾̿0̮̦̽͋͑͟ 0̡̹̟͙̌͌̾͒͗͢1̼̫̎͠1͉̱̻̂͐̽͜͠0̻͓̋̆0̢̖̭͕̆̊͂1̡͛0̼̜̺͛̔̕1̅ͅ ̧̨̯̱̀̓̈0͔̜̩̎͛͒̈́͜0̝̭̟̞͓̎̅̏̏͌1̫0͓̗̱̻̑̈̎͡0̢̺̈́̊0͉́0̡̱͈̈́̌͠0̙̹̂̄ ̡̲̊0̫͋1̘͇̱̪͂͂̐1̙̓1̬͙̰͇̰͋̍̚͡͠0̝̪̆̒1̫͓͚̖̋͐̊̉1̰͛1̧̛̞͇͔͉͒̾̎͊ ͉̾01̯̪̯͍̈̈̽͡1̻͑0̜͔̗͆̉̕0̨̗̏̓0̛̳̬̐0̛͟1 ̣̹͋͊0̼̾1̨̨̫̀̀̎͟͠1̫̮̝̹̒͗̐͞1̰͒0͌͜01̢̍1̢̳̥̬͇͑͑͐͒͌ ̨̪̹̝͉̎̓̇̈̚0̰̔0̜̤͈͈̾̓̈̍̌͜10̰͎̤͑̉̏0̤̇0̠͎̘̞̺̑̂̒͞͡0̳̹͕̉̽́̚ͅ0̼͕͒͞ ̧̛0̧͝1̥̉0̫͍̓̾0͇̘͗͗́ͅ0̛̛̙̪̐ͅ01̜̹̓͗1̫͌ ̫̗̌̉0̰̻̯̬̓̃̅́1̧̞̲͊̽͛1̛͉̬̖̺̮͋͒0̧̜̾̀1̑͢1̻͠1͙̬̕͡1͕̦̰̝̆̿̈́͊ ̥͖̹̃̋̃̾͢͢͠0̲̟̇̅̔͜1͉͓̔̈1̛͉͓̕0̹̬̺̭͆̎͑0͓̼͛̓1̘̓0̧̮͐̎0̖̺̇̕ ͕̥̉͗0̫͔͐̈́1̭̯̘̉̋̚1̲̮͑͊0̗̣̼̫͛̾͑͗0̬͚̲̖͆͋͋͡1̢̾0̨̙̓͛1̩̱̠̋͐ͅ ̧̙̺̍͗͠0̛̯0͔̘́͞1̙̬̩̅̐0̮̥̙̑̈́̇͠ͅ0̰̩͊̓0͈͕̦̙̭͌̐͋͐̋0̢̤͇̍̐͝0̨̫̋͡
And again thank you all for reading!
And Peter Parker?
Tony wished his head wasn't spinning, he wished his mouth wasn't so dryyy....he neever liked being hiiigh...
"That's okay Tony, I've got it."
Natasha nodded as she started speaking, "He cursed at Cap." Ms. Potts crossed her arms in such a way that made it look like she was hugging herself.
Omg! What's this! A new update within a week?? What a wild time! Anyways thank you everyone who commented and supported me! Last chapter was a lot of work to get out and again I'm sorry for the glitch error!
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha clapped her hands and then turned to the rest of the team who still had blank faces and confused eyes.
EXPORT_SYMBOL(cad_pid);
"Captain help is on the way, the Quinjet has the coordinates ready and autopilot set up." He stated. Wait...but how was Tony going to fix this....he didn't have arms, hands...he knew how to fix it but...he didn't know how to fix it. Tony jumped back to his coding letting the code scroll at an intense rate, he just needed one way to work. 700 Lines and no code yet, 900, 1300, 1800, 2300, still no code! Fuck, fuck, did he have to actually call a medical!? 4000 lines nothing, 7000 lines...end. That was it....he...had no code for that...
T.O.N.Y. answered evenly his fingers twitching as the binary code shifted.
I'll show you later, it looks
"Okay, first thing is first, try and go back as far as possible for a difference in memories." Natasha told them with a steady voice.
̵#̴i̵f̸ ̶d̵e̵f̵i̷n̸e̸d̶(̶C̵O̵N̶F̸I̶G̵_̸A̸R̴M̷)̵ ̷|̸|̸ ̴d̷e̸f̵i̴n̶e̵d̸(̴C̸O̸N̷F̸I̶G̷_̵U̶N̵I̵C̷O̶R̴E̵3̸2̶)̵
"Finally...downloaded, enough of you trying to escape, you little brat." A guttural sound resounded around the walls and bounced across the cold concrete....and Tony was scared....Where...where was Jarvis? Howard looked up towards Tony, into himself with those dark pitiless eyes, and slowly the corner of his mouth twitched up.
. Tony didn't want this!
But...sometimes....sometimes he could see where he could help, where he could
"Will you be more...open, in your actions from now on?" Ah, Natasha always asking the important questions.
But Tony still tried! Father was always so angry about his inventions not working! And Tony knew why! He could fix it easily! So Tony helped! He helped becuase he wanted Dad to be happy! So that meant risking Sir getting mad, and getting injured, just so Father could hear the singing of the electricity too!
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint walked forward so so stiffly, Steve could understand, he was holding the light....he was in charge of what they all saw.
