They do.
Cas sets his jaw, "So what happens now?"
"We're gonna sit you down right here." Sam separates them anyway, tugging him to the bed, shoving his ass down on the corner of it, "Uh, yeah, go ahead, um..."
ten years to move forward another step. If they've even moved forward at all…
"It's been an hour, it should have stopped by now." Cas pauses, quieter, "You have blood all over your face."
"I said-"
of your watch lists." He raises his brows, shoving his hands in his pockets with a playful shrug, "Can't even have a conversation with you."
He abandons the phone on the table again upon listening to John's voicemail. The gruff emotionless voice of the man on the other end merely serving to annoy him.
"Tooth. Human, I'd say. Pulled out by the root."
"Dean," Cas grumbles, letting out a breath and tilting his head Dean's way, "I don't think I'll be able to sleep-"
out here to your smelly motel, solve this little problem essentially
to keeping up being pissed at Cas just so he can go do what he'd told himself he would for all those weeks.
He shrugs, softening, "Still doesn't feel right."
”Pull-?” Dean stops short, huffing out a breath, spreading an arm out, “The bouncers’ll be on my ass before I get a single soul out! Then where does that leave us?”
He'd have to leave that town the next week, never to see any of them again, but that's okay because he was just a visitor in their lives anyway. Now... he gets to come back here anytime he wants, he's a dad to a kid he's raising with his best friend and brother, and a dad-like figure to a bunch of twenty-something girls with as much childhood trauma as he's got. Life is... something.
As the driver's climbing out, Cas thinks perhaps that this man is accompanying those holding the weapons- but this is rapidly proven false.
Dean doesn't know him either.
Cas tries not to read too much into it when his chest feels ice cold before sunrise. Like something is wrong, or impending to be.
Cas sets his jaw, and Lucifer’s eyes flick up at the slow steps entering the doorway behind the angel.
"That place..." Dean's voice shakes at first, but he firms it up the moment Cas, too, looks his way. "There was only one way we were getting out of there and it wasn't breathing... so I made a call."
Sam flicks his eyes to Dean, who holds his head up, nods, hands deep in his jacket pockets. Sam, too, nods.
"And that takes real strength."
, Dean found a small wrapped package in the angel’s room, Claire's name as the intended recipient- He hadn't had a chance to send it yet.
"Mountains don't-" He stops upon seeing Crowley's wide, expectant grin, and instead runs a hand through his hair- mussing it up even further even though he'd just fixed it. He cranes his head out the window of the truck to look at the traffic ahead.
In each and every conversation they’ve had so far about John, Cas seems to be pushing this broken little family together at the expense of his part in it. But there's nothing replaceable in this angel in the least. The fact that Cas so clearly thinks otherwise twists a thorn in Dean's gut.
Claire breaks the tension by punching Cas in the shoulder across the table. If he were human it might’ve actually bruised pretty bad from the looks of it. “What the hell? You died? And you-" She reaches over and punches Dean’s shoulder, too, adding more spilt coffee to the puddle in front of him, and yep, that’s gonna bruise.
There's no goal less pure than that." he nods, still looking at Cas, "One too many fallen angels on this earth, wouldn't you agree?"
"You can't just breeze past some shit and pretend it never happened. Telling me to kill Sam, selling his soul for me, carting us around our whole lives to find yellow-eyes, leaving a couple of kids without cash for weeks... I wasn't even sure he'd come home at all half the time. And when he was around he'd always drink too much... shove me around... I hid a lot of that from Sam, somehow. Maybe he saw some of it, I don't know. But I gave... everything for that kid. I'm not- I don't need a pat on the back or anything. That's not... that's not what I'm angling for. But I did a lot. Put up with a lot. I dunno, after he was gone, I kind of got a clearer head about it all... When I was done looking up to him and feeling like I couldn't do this without him..." He turns quiet, "Maybe it's better to, but I don't know if I wanna just brush all that off."
move that's kept everyone alive tonight."
"Uh, oh- okay?" Dean looks at Cas, then back to his dad, "You sure?"
"Goopy mush?" Sam raises his brows as he approaches, peeking over Dean's shoulder at the picture, "Huh..."
"We were already dead." Dean says flat, holding his gaze, "Being locked in that cell with nothing... I've been to Hell. This was worse."
Dean glares and rolls his eyes, feet shuffling. But, fuck it.
"The president." Dean sighs, "We need to exorcise the thing inside him."
Sam turns to the stairs without a second look back, "You've got this yourself."
Sam stands uneasily, eyes flicking between Jody and their father on the opposite end of the room.
A waitress stops by, handing off a couple menus and mugs of joe before departing again to flit around the other tables surrounding.
Bobby would never. Jody would never. Jimmy would never. Cas would die first.
Then there's the hands Dean hides, pocketed deep in his jeans with red easily blooming on the knuckles beneath scarred tissue. Warrior's hands where, when the battle is done, he uses those same ones for kindness, gentleness. Sewing up the wounds of his brother, thumbing the blood away from a friend's cheek, tenderly cupping the back of someone's head as they grieve into his shoulder.
They circle to the trunk and stop there, the man dropping his hand and turning to face him direct instead. Dean blinks, getting a full view of him now, face only in half shadow, blue eyes striking against the new patch of light.
"That guy look familiar to you?" He asks, touching the screen, "That jacket?" Dean shrugs, brows up, and Sam rolls his eyes, "Nevermind, stupid question. I think Barry had a picture of him in his office. It might be how you recognized him last night..."
Cas: (Side-eye emoji)
It's the first time he's been back to this bar in weeks, and half of him wants to drink every bottle in the establishment just to be able to pass out for a little while and stop... waiting. Stop just being here and being awake and being useless. Then another masochistic part of his brain is telling him, no. That's the last thing he deserves. What he deserves is to sit here, completely sober, eternally waiting, beside the last Winchester he ever wants to be around.
Text- Cas to Dean (1:57 AM)
"Or- or to a person or to a thing." Sam throws up his hands.
"Things ever cool down, after Lucifer... Maybe you should think about it again," He squeezes Cas' knee, then drops his hand, "Go after something
Wide, glistening eyes lock onto his, searching. Maybe even reading something inside. He wills her to read his thoughts. His intentions. A complete and open book, hiding nothing.
He raises his head, eyes flicking between Cas’ and shrugs, “For what?”
"You should fix this place up. Build something here." Cas says after awhile, squinting at Dean.
“Heya, Cas.” His voice comes out raspy, barely there. He clears his throat.
Even if it's not his sons, he's helping
"You can really remember nothing, can you? What a gift not to recall the things you've done." Rowena chuckles, continuing her sorting of items at the table.
"What?" Dean asks, his tone more in warning than actual question.
Cas: Surely it shouldn't have to be quite so close
Cas tilts his head, reaching for his abandoned beer collecting condensation on the table, "Let's drink, and hope we can find a better way."
Dean stage whispers, swinging his arms out wide in question when Sam turns at the sound of his voice, "What happened?"
It's not like he wants to live this way... it's a necessity. It's how a guy like him stays sane. You just gotta accept that the wars you're fighting- they're for other people. So other people can have the kinds of things you can't. And that's just the way it is.
He chugs the rest of his beer and sets the empty bottle on the ground by the door, mentally filtering through possible Cas locations. He'll probably either be in his room or outside. There's nowhere else in the bunker he'd care about being right now. It's not like there's anything to research, and Cas tends to not like hanging out in any other rooms but the library and kitchen. He's not in either of those.
Cas raises his eyes from the body in the dirt, lowering his hand, "What had to be done."
"What am I, your date?" Sam scoffs, but smiles at Dean's excitement and takes the thing anyway.
His lip curls back,
"You're..." Sam cuts himself off, nodding anxiously, "Okay."
Maybe it hadn't been so bad for them growing up, since they always had each other. Without Sam and Dean, a room is just a room, a bed just a bed, the bunker is merely a bunker.
Cas pats down his inner pockets, not actually certain what he still has on his person since Lucifer took his body. Luckily, he finds the wallet inside his suit pocket where he'd left it, and flips it open. Everything appears to be in order.
He’d never let that time slip by too fast. He’d savor it. Treasure it as he has with all the moments before.
Sam stops, swallowing, “Yeah, part of it was to get away from dad, to have my own life… but I also hoped maybe it’d be easier for you. Maybe you wouldn’t have to sacrifice so much anymore if I wasn’t around… cause we both knew you weren’t gonna go anywhere.
"Like it matters. What Lucifer made that woman do has got nothing to do with music. It's about devotion." Crowley taps his fingers on the table.
Sam coughs into his hand, pressing his mouth in a line and looking up directly at the ceiling when he pulls both Cas and Dean's attention.
"Alright enough!" Sam steps between the two, who've been inching closer and closer, faces red. He palms their chests, shoving another couple of feet back between them, head swinging either direction to stare them down, "We can hash this out later, can we just get through this case? Please?"
“You know,” Claire takes another full bite, turning to Cas, cheek overfilled, "Aside from the tragic lack of bar-fight stories and the depressing fact you only have maybe three friends, you should write like- an autobiography or something. Betcha all those religious nut-jobs would have a stroke at all the 'historical inaccuracies' you'd red-pen up in the bible."
Vince’s worn body crumples to the floor, his face sinking in on itself until it’s little more than a half-decomposed mass of flesh.
Dean's muffled voice talks over John on the other end.
family drama. When it’s not my own, of course.”
"An off day."
Fuck. Dean’s making it a... thing all on his own, isn’t he? And he’s afraid of his dad finding out-
"What-" Dean turns, swallowing, offering a half-smile he hopes looks more genuine than it feels, "What do they say about me?"
Without even thinking about it, a small smile forms of Dean's own, too- just by imagining the curl of Cas' lips.
Except it's absolutely nothing like that- cause they didn’t- they didn’t do anything. They’re
The brothers trade a short look- a terse means of communicating something unsaid, fingers tapping anxiously on mugs.
Dean sighs, the tenseness held in his shoulders slowly unraveling, "I'm gonna grab a few more hours."
wrong answer- but instead he answers, "Then we burn that bridge when we come to it."
Cas lights up, features visibly warming at Sam's approach- and he breaks into an honest to god full-toothed grin, closing his book without even marking the page, and adjusting to sit up straighter.
”Party-animal? Pot-Kettle, Sheriff. You were the one in a dance contest with Donna half the night.” Dean says.
The sun is entirely too bright, shining through the slit of the curtains and choosing to directly offend Dean by its existence at all. His body feels so stiff, it couldn't possibly have gotten enough rest. Less than three hours, surely.
"Wow!" She looks to the brothers again, then back to John- but there's a beat of silence between the three. Jody holds out a hand, shaking her head, incredulous, "It- it's so nice to meet you."
"Why would I want to do that?"
He doesn't. Or if he does, he aptly ignores it.
Claire: (eyeroll emoji, side eye emoji) I forgot you're all old
so much.
"Are all of your conversations this dull? Good grief Cassie, and here I thought you had some unassuming prowess hidden beneath the quiet folds of that trenchcoat."
”I’m serious. What’s between me and my dad is between me and-“
"Yeah." He nods, letting out a sharp breath through his nose. He crosses the couple feet of space between them, grabbing her by the lapels of her jacket. She keeps still- completely unbothered. "You tell me where my brother is, and I
And he keeps holding that dick's unfeeling gaze even as Cas glances Dean's direction, soaking in his words, then turns back to Ishim, "Why do his words bother you so much, Ishim?"
Cas folds his fingers over Crowley’s in a steel grip just in time, lowering their hands. Crowley relinquishes with an exaggerated roll of his eyes, and Cas steps up in front of him, holding Wendy's gaze, "The thing that healed you, that wasn't your brother."
Dean scoffs and evades his eyes, shrugging Sam's hand off of him. His face is getting a little too hot. Dad is the absolute last person he wants to be thinking about right now. He doesn't want to think about how dad would've reacted had he seen what went down at the BBQ last night. He doesn't want dad's opinion on Cas taking his hand in the Impala. He doesn't want dad to ever know that Dean
"Why? I wasn't born."
In a sense, he feels sorry for the man. Losing someone who you love so entirely and so dearly in such a violent manner... a soulmate... that can scar a soul from that day on. It is not very frequently seen that a mated pair through heaven's design perishes in such a way. Though, it does happen. In his case, it was
way."
How long has he felt this way, even? Months?
This shouldn’t bother him. But it does. So he keeps looking.
, our best friend's an angel. What!"
Taking on that type of existence- even if he’s not totally human- it’s a fleeting calendar. A finite space. Not simply because the wars haven’t ended since the apocalypse- No, it’s more... when you choose humanity, you choose them every time. You die for them
Then, his phone buzzes, echoing across the field. Cas' name lights up the screen, answering a prayer he never even sent out.
what John looks like possessed. He held a gun to the man's chest because he'd been so certain of it- so positive.
It's not like Dean's ever kept many friends. Less when John was still alive the first go-round. He's starting to think he just doesn't know how to have them in a normal way like normal people. It's always this intense, all-encompassing loyalty that's so crippling with how much he cares, he's damn near bursting at the seams with it.
He tosses him from the stage, sending him to roll onto his back. Sam rushes to his side, knowing he’s okay but needing to be there anyway.
"Come on," Dean leads Cas the opposite direction from the rest of the group, back towards the more deserted areas of the park where the lot is. As they're walking he has the stupid thought to strip off his own flannel and hand it over to the angel... but what is he, a kid with his prom date? No. Cas will survive the fifty foot walk to the car, thanks.
Dean chuckles, backing her up against the stall, hands firm on the back of her thighs as he pulls her up and forward, knees wrapping hard around his hips.
Claire: (side eye emoji)
What in any of Sam's history with the man would ever make him believe that? Especially,
Dean swallows, a muscle in his jaw jumping with the movement. But he doesn't say anything, so Sam continues.
as intensely as we do. What other choice do we have? It's what we're always fighting for, isn't it? Yeah, maybe be pay a heavy cost afterwards, but- but that doesn't mean all that time before was just... wasted."
“Crowley is following a lead. I’m to meet him a couple states over in the morning.” He sits up, “My bigger concern is what we’re going to do about him once he
Something shatters near the entryway, and Dean's on his feet even before Cas' groans echo through the bunker. He rushes up the steps, rounding the corner with Sam right at his heels where they find Cas with palms flat against the edge of the map table- eyes closed and face scrunched in agony.
This shot is muffled only a small amount by this own shirt, echoing through the library the same as the last. He doesn't flinch.
Cas stood on the other side of the counter, picking at the bloodied ends of his sleeves. He looked like he wanted to say something but couldn’t find the words. Dean snagged another beer from the fridge, opened it, and slid it across the counter.
"Sorry." he spins in place, setting down the device in his hand and picking up one of the vials instead.
He just doesn't want to talk about it. Doesn't need to bring another person in when he's on the edge of trying to make it no problem at all.
"My..." he clears his throat around a shaky inhale, "My name is- is..."
"Whatever," Dean waves him off and turns back to Claire as Jody pops open one of the bottles and starts pouring a few glasses for everyone.
It's not simply the grand sacrificial gestures that this life demands of him which make Dean so very good a man. It's in the small acts of kindness that he doesn't think twice about. Feeding a stranger at a diner. Helping a young mother at a gas station fill her tires. Handing off a couple flannels from the trunk of the Impala to a shivering homeless man. Mundane acts of inherent good.
He leans to sit against the edge of the map table, watching Dean pace the length of the board.
"No." He sighs, "The agent said the lease was handled long distance, but
”Yeah, you should be! Tonight’s not gonna be a typical show. Tonight you’re gonna see and feel things you never saw or felt before…” He drawls out the words with a thirst, eyes grazing over the crowd, the possibilities before him clearly turning over and over in his mind, “Things might get a little bit messy.”
Bucky peers down at Randy, a smile playing on his lips, "Yeah? Like what?"
”You need a better radar for when Claire’s fucking with you. Cause
He held Cas more desperately than he ever had before, burying his face in the angel’s shoulder. He gave himself just this moment.
The metal starts to sizzle, yellowing, warping, then falling with a sharp
Unperturbed, Ketch continues, ducking into his trunk scattered with various unknown items. "Our engineers have spent years blending sorcery and technology. For instance, we don't always decapitate vampires." He lands himself on a single box, opens it, picking up a long thin metal device that looks partially like a gun and partially something else completely, "Inefficient, really, especially for large nests. We irradiate them."
Dean: So guess we'll be in the road a few days too
Dean shakes his head, a tear leaking out. He swipes it away.
He stands slightly in front of Ketch, both simultaneously at ease and yet poised confidently for combat. It reminds him distantly of angels in his opposition through the years. They couldn't be further from the wary and weathered image of the typical american hunter. Where hunters are usually dressed down in thick jeans and holey flannels, the suits these men have folding from their shoulders are fresh-pressed and thin.
dead.
“And you?”
"Fine-" he swipes a finalizing hand through the air, holding Cas' eyes, making his words as absolutely clear as he can, "I don't think you understand-"
Dean snorts, "Why?"
It's the one thing he figured he'd never have to see, Dean's mind betraying him. Guts ripped out by a werewolf or something, sure. Cut in half by a Wendigo or shot in the chest by someone with a grudge. Any number of bloody or gory, and he's imagined it ten times over.
"Alright so, meeting's in an hour. What do you think? A little eyeliner, some spikey boots?"
Cas leans forward, crossing his arms on their seatback.
But it’s too soft for Dean. Too serious.
Dean has to squint against the flash of whitish, yellowing light- blinking once, twice, a few more times and pulling himself to his feet. Because now it's just Cas and Lily standing across from one another, and Dean knows on instinct Cas isn't going to attack her, but that crazy bitch has given him no reason to trust she won't try and take this angel out, too. Regardless of just having saved her life.
Sam's gaze flicks between them uncertainly, "Anything else, Cas?"
, and a pot clatters to the ground with a metallic
She nods, a small smile on her lips, and pockets the card.
does Cas love about this? Dean is smelly and he's rude and he's mad all the time and snaps at people in the morning before he gets his coffee and... why him? Does Cas get all hot and bothered when he looks at him?
"Oh, good," He smiles, "I do like a surprise."
"Reorder their DNA. Their own blood becomes lethal to them." Ketch says, holding up the weapon.
He pokes a needle at the little doll's head.
It hadn't escaped his attention that John pocketed the weapons, just as it hadn't escaped him that John realized the importance of the angel blade. Cas doesn't think that John will sink to such drastic measures as attempting to kill him without reason, but even so- he doesn't truly know the man, and even Dean seems wary of him at this point.
"Helluva friend."
"I don't know. We may want backup."
-referenced in the scene Sam tries talking indirectly to Dean about sexuality when they're walking through LA. I imagine Dean read this journal many times, and a lot of the parts that were about himand John's genuine perspective on him, he internalized greatly. There are many lines within this book which are unsettling to think about Dean reading and realizing that this is how John saw him- then knowing that John never really knew him at all. He only knew the mask Dean put on in front of him, because that was the only way John would even look at him like he was his son, and maybe someone he could be proud of.
There's another man at the top of the stairs. He was chasing the first one... and comes to a stop, staring at Dean with wide eyes.
Dean nuzzles his nose further into Cas' hair, muffling his own breath, then, and tightening his hold.
Dean huffs but tosses them, and Cas lines up close to his side as he does, leaning in to Dean's neck and inhaling. Dean jerks to the side, but Cas just looks at him, says plainly, "You don't smell of urine, Dean."
Cas searches Dean's eyes a moment before returning his gaze down to the hands wringing in his lap. "I never realized how much you... suffer, when I'm gone. I've seen you lose people before, Dean. You're extremely resilient. You always bounce back. I'd figured, if I let the empty take me... Well I just figured that you've lost me before and you've gotten through it... so you'd get through it this last time too. Sam tells me otherwise."
"That's pretty optimistic, knowing our history with... anything," Dean chuckles, probably smiling into the phone. Cas likes to think so. "Might be giving him too much credit. Hell, all of us. Dictionary definition for screwed up family life, and you'll find Winchester there as example number one."
"No, you didn't." She tilts her head, squinting curiously. "And you hate it. Look in your eyes, I've seen it before. It's a dead man's look- eyes that say no matter where you go or what you do, it feels like this world doesn't fit anymore, like you're all alone."
He imagines Dean laying in a dark room with his father and brother, the tiny screen illuminating his face. He'd probably have taken the couch in whatever hole in the wall they found because he always puts the others in front of himself. And the others are snoring away peacefully while he's left to overthink in silence, shouldering things he shouldn't. Like always.
"You didn't just teach us how to survive, Dad. Don't you get that? Why do you think I even left for school? We were barely allowed to be
"Hey, kiddo." John pulls Sam into a bearhug, his eyes closed and head stretched up over the kid's shoulder. Sam falls into it, reluctantly at first, then all at once. Maybe cause a hug like that's hard to refuse, especially today.
is family. In the thick and black and white of it.
"I want this, too." Cas says easily, smiling down at him.
He licks his lips, lets out a harsh breath, and takes in another, shaking his head, still trying to catch his breath, "Asa, he was just al- he was just always so stubborn. Look... we were in the woods... Jael, he- he was taunting him. Asa wanted to chase him, but he didn't have the angel blade. I said, 'let's go back.' He called me a coward and he shoved me, so I shoved him back, and he fell... and he hit his head. I didn't mean to do it, but... it was a mistake. An accident. I'm sorry. I didn't know what to do. Asa hated that damn demon so much that I just..."
They searched the Englishwoman's vehicle and person before hiding both in the woods within the greenery. Loose branches packed up against its rear. It'll be found relatively easily by someone, but it at least gives them enough time to leave town and head back to the bunker to regroup.
He follows, sits across from her, keeping his voice even, "Mrs. Peterson, um, what can you tell me about Ricky Copeland?"
Next up: First Blood
He runs his fingers down the metal form, inspecting its essence, "This isn't Benjamin's blade."
John chuckles, "What hunters d'you know that're well funded?"
Dean fixes him with a look and yanks his arm out of Sam's grip, trudging forward the last few steps to the front door without bothering to correct him with the knowledge John shot the guy twice, thirty seconds into meeting him.
"I'm not real sure about that either. I, um..." He continues looking around, nods once to the guy with the dog just patiently jogging in place, then turns the opposite way- There. Jutting out over the trees, a sign.
"Personal." He nods, understanding, and Cas mirrors the action, falling silent for a long stretch of time.
"Yeah?" His mouth travels down the length of her jaw, feeling the shakiness in her breath against his ear- and thrusts his hips slow against her own in response.
And just like that it’s decided.
Hot breath enters his space, Cas' tie swinging against his own chest, and Dean flinches back, fingers tight on his brother. Cas is undeterred- and he's faster- grabbing the sides of Dean's face with soft hands, a warmth extending out from within them.
Cas smiles, dipping his head to sit on the corner of the bed, his knee brushing Dean's, "Something I've come to understand about humans- sharing of things important to you has meaning."
salesman, and he's got a beater he says 's made of gold.
Cas inhales a weak breath, trembling, he says, "Dean-" and forces himself to push off of Dean's shoulders, "You're
"Yes."
"Oh, even an angel won't be able to fix this-" Rowena shakes her head, brows puckered together.
(See the end of the chapter for
He's the worst.
A couple of crickets are stuck in the long grass at the corner of the crossroads, and buzz as though searching for each other. Cars sparingly whoosh past, a mile or two away, continuing on their way outside of this nowhere small town.
"Putting a bullet in the monster so they don't kill anyone else- That's how you save people, Sam. Pull yourself together." John grunts, shaking his head and turning towards the body. "We need to burn the body."
"I'm- uh, I'm-" he spots his suit jacket and trenchcoat still folded off the end of the bed and steps towards them, piling them over one arm, "Thank you. Dean. For-"
"Enemy. Yeah. Those guys."
"What Ishim said..." Dean starts, sitting slow in the chair on the other side of the table and placing his beer somewhere in the middle of Asia, "You're not weak, Cas. You know that, right?"
Maybe Cas isn’t even into dudes. That’d make it easier.
"-Dear mother says that once we catch Lucifer, she'll show. No sooner."
Text messages from Dean to Cas 9:44 AM
"I haven't found anything on these surveillance cameras," Dean says, phone to his ear, staring down at the same screen that's been giving him a headache for hours, "I mean, it's like they just disappeared. How about you? Any of the local beat cops see anybody that shouldn't be there?"
don't
He never considers the fact that perhaps in Cas touching him like this and allowing his grace to flow through him, he could do just about anything. Change Dean from a molecular level, if he felt so inclined. He could injure him, put certain thoughts in his mind, he could alter his memory, or even kill him.
"You're one of them?" He asks, like he doesn't already know the answer.
”No. Of all the shit we’ve done.. the least-
“Not entirely.” Cas says softly, ”We don’t have to talk about it.”
Dean clearly has a point he's trying to get to, but it's one that Cas isn't following in the least. He also gets a sense he's purposefully leaving his words as vague as possible- wanting Cas to know them but simultaneously not wanting to admit them.
Dean can tell this isn't easy for him. It wasn't easy for him having the guy in the same room when he'd taken over Cas- even if they were reluctant allies at the time.
It's dumb they never celebrated any holidays with Mary resurrected in the actual season 12. Kinda makes no sense that they didn't. So, I figured out the timeline of when certain holidays would've taken place and between which episodes. Thanksgiving fell between this episode and the last, that's where it fits in here.
"I'll tell you what," Dean raises his brows, "Why don't you take a walk, and she can face those consequences right here and now?"
Sam is the first to notice, raising his brows and lowering the mug from his lips, "So?"
"Okay. Great pep talk. Top marks."
"Cause... we're not signing suicide pacts here." Dean takes a single step forward, swiping a finalizing hand through the air, "One of us goes, that's it. No kamikaze shit after that, alright? Gotta promise me that."
"We're out of coffee. Hope lemonade's alright." Gail smiles at him as she toes in the room, heel clacking with every step. She has a glass of the juice in each hand, and holds one glass out to him.
"And you? You don't love him now because he left you?"
Through means of distraction, he checks his phone. He's been neglecting it. There's a missed call from John. A couple of missed texts from Eileen, one from Claire, another from Donna. All just checking in. No one actually has anything. They all stopped updating each other awhile ago, opting instead to try for comfort until any actual news came along.
He turns back to the table and Kaia is peering at him with a knowing look on her face. She leans in, crosses her arms before plopping them onto the table, and lowers her voice like they're trading secrets, "I hope you don't take this the wrong way or get upset, but... you love him, don't you?"
“Yeah." He taps the side of the bottle, leans on the table, "I ever tell you about it?”
“I did the
Past few years, even those kinds of celebrations have kind of dipped off the radar. Something else always seems to be too big to allow little things like holidays to cross their minds 'til it's too late. Always too busy, or too... dead.
She stops, lip quivering. A tear travels down her cheek from beneath the eye patch. Then, like nothing happened, she takes a steadying breath and hardens back up again.
It's exceptional, for how long Cas has spent on Earth, how frequently the people around him can surprise him. They're so endlessly forgiving and filled with love, even surrounded by loss and blood and tragedy and betrayal. More horrors than any one person should ever be meant to face.
Nothing.
TW (in dean pov)
That's him.
He could stand the break from Crowley, too. It's been weeks of this and still they're no closer to finding or catching Lucifer than they'd been when they started.
"You seem to forget that I'm considerably stronger than you."
"That's no way to treat your boyfriend, Dean."
"What?"
Dean flinches back, eyes softening like it’s still somehow shocking for him when someone stands up for him. Or puts him in his place.
“And we will stop him.” Dean says, resolute, like the only one in the crowd with any faith anymore. “We will.”
Then he thinks of himself. Watching his brother get shredded to pieces before his very eyes, having to carry his dead weight out of that house with blood and bile seeping into his shirt. Turning cold and unfeeling as a result. Falling in bed with a demon and saying it's for the right reasons when, really, he didn’t even know
When he raises his brows, she looks down at the family portrait, taking it from his hand, "The father was working 80 hours a week to barely pay the mortgage. And what little time he
”Hope you’re not setting fire to my kitchen.” He manages to gruff out, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he slips through the door.
Why do this to her? Fake her death and keep her chained up in the basement?
"Dean," Cas tries again, "Where's Sam?"
I ended up putting off packing more in order to edit this fully today instead lol. I started reading it and realized I was farther along than I thought and just couldn’t resist. The next chapters will take a bit more time tho, I’ll be busy the next week.
"Sweet, sweet time alone?" Dean raises his brows, pursing his lips, a smile hiding below the surface.
John twists towards him in surprise, face softening only a touch around the eyes before his walls harden back up again. He drags his eyes down the length of his son, squinting like what he's seeing isn't totally right, he just can't put his foot on why or what.
All he feels is
"When you're small?" Dean offers, shrugging a shoulder with a half smile.
came back. To you. In a world free of his command, do you not think I would do the same every time again?"
"All over. Found a few hunts down in Montana..." John shrugs, tilting his head in thought, "tracking a couple more patterns out east."
Claire, Donna, Sam and Eileen headed out immediately after breakfast, so Dean is pretty much the last one out the door. Cas is leaning against the impala when he gets outside, his eyes closed and head tilted towards the sun. He hears Dean's boots crunch on the gravel and lowers his gaze, settling into a cool smile.
"Hello, do you have any rooms available?" He smiles softly at the woman.
"You're putting yourself in as Velma in this comparison, aren't you?"
"Oh, so that was the... white light... then." Dean clears his throat, nodding, trying to forget how fucking close he came yet again to having to touch Cas' corpse, "Right, good."
“I just mean-“ Dean stops again, then abruptly stands, clapping a hand on Cas' back and grinning, "We shouldn't keep the ladies waiting."
He holds his eye a moment, searching there, and scoffs, turning back to the bed, "You fuckin..."
“Hey.” Dean laughs, bringing a hand up to pat Cas on the back, "Okay. All right."
"Okay, uh, well what about Lucifer then?"
He turns to walk back to the altar, but Dean cuts in, "You sure were chatty with the press and the cops. 'Priest Claims Demons Walk Among Us'. Boy, that's quite the headline grabber."
"It's only different because it was me. And because it was Sam. Unlike us, you've never been certain where you stand with your father. You've never understood why he traded his life for yours, and it’s because of that you feel you owe him." The hinges of the truck's cab creak, and the door slams with a
"Can't a guy just wake up on the right side of the bed?"
”Well, yeah. Of course.” He says, shrugging like the answer’s the most obvious thing in the world, “I mean, did Dean even tell you how they met?”
"I thought you were dead today. Again. Could've been an hour, could've been thirty seconds, I don't know how long it was. But every time I lose you like that, or think that I do, it hurts the same. Like I'm collapsing in on myself and... it's the worst feeling. My first thought- well, no, my first thought is always that I'm gonna kill every living thing that had any part of it- but my second is always
Sam points at Dean, still not moving his eyes from his father, “You tell him he might have to kill me, don’t even give him a reason. And you- you had one
Cas just nuzzles closer, curling his entire body around Dean's, “Don't...” Cas’ voice is gruff and lust-blown, and
Cas looks down at himself and just shrugs. "I don't know," he says honestly, running a hand down the fabric on his chest, "This is what I'm comfortable in."
"Shut up." Dean mutters, still watching the road, tightening his one hand's grip on the wheel.
Cas: No
Sam looks between John and Dean, seeming to notice the tension for the first time, his smile wavering.
Cas looks at Dean, meeting his eye, and they share a moment's communication through that. Cas is still wary of the man, but he's given him enough of the benefit of the doubt for the moment. He trusts that they'll all be allowed out of here in one piece, but that's the extent of it. They still tortured Sam, they still sent another woman to kill them and failed.
Lucifer raises his fist- Tommy's neck twists in a sickening
He claps his baby brother on the back and smiles up at him, "Take all the time you need, man. I'm proud of you."
He unlatches the frame, taking the blade in hand, inspecting it.
He raises a single shoulder in response, waiting.
Claire shoves him off successfully first, shooting back, "Visiting the old folks home. Our good deed for the year. Someone's gotta make sure you haven't croaked in your sleep."
Again, Dean doesn't say anything. He's just watching Cas, hoping an answer will fall out of the fucking sky so he doesn't have to say it himself.
Sam and Dean share a look, shrugging. Sure, Dean'll help. If it gives him a look around the land, he'll take a nice little stroll dragging a hay bail along. Get the horse unstuck from the mud. Move a log from the road so the buggy can pass...
Dean lets out a hard breath, feet shuffling like a toddler caught, "What, and you're not? One minute he's all hugs and 'great to see ya, kid' then blowing town the next..."
"My daughter was human."
Cas huddles closer, bringing Dean's hand up to trace small kisses along his knuckles, "I love you."
"That's true." Cas smiles, small, and Dean peeks his eye over, breaking into a shy grin.
And it's not like they're even together, but it's been years since Dean's done this- gotten blackout and hooked up with someone he doesn't even remember the next morning? Usually he's more careful than that. Even if he
He shakes his head, "No."
Cas tilts his head, brow furrowed, not understanding Dean’s meaning so Dean nods, shrugging out the words, “When... the bomb... you know...?”
Dean's eyes dart to Sam, then back to their dad, and he chooses the course of action first- marching forward and tugging John into the next room. Past the front door, past the stairs, and far far away from prying ears in the living room.
"You're finally taking health advice from Sam? The world really has changed for the better."
"You don't care about
"Dea-"
Dean doesn't go home with as many women as he used to. Actually, these days, he's much more partial to spending nights in. Maybe it's something to do with age and finding more loneliness in a fleeting night with a stranger than he’d had before. Maybe it’s less and less trust in people he’s just met. Maybe it’s simple boredom.
free, switching behind him with a sharp pain dealt to his wrist. Before he knows it he's tumbling to the ground, flat on his back.
"Alright, that's enough." Dean rolls his eyes, scoffing in that way he does when someone gives him too much credit for his work making life less overtly terrible for Sam when they were both mere children, "Don't put it like that."
What would Sam Winchester Do? He could always ask him... but... no. Not yet. First step is easy, though. Sam wouldn't be pissed at Cas just for dying.
Dean stiffens at his side, "See, Cas is
Maybe that's something Cas still has to actively tell himself that he
about his feelings for his best friend. Something he's undoubtedly held back for
Dean groans, "Come on, man. Throw me a bone, here. You know what I mean."
He should've just walked to the gallows with his head held high and not a glance over his shoulder, and this wouldn’t be a problem.
"Give a holler if you need anything else, sweets," Wendy says, then heads to deal with a new patron at the bar instead.
Gail sets the photo back on the mantel, the lemonade next to it, "I was in a car accident. Almost died. Nerves in the lower half of my body are damaged."
"Dean?"
Cas slams the car's door with his exit, diverting the attention to himself. At the very least he figures he could provide a distraction by getting shot by these strangers while the Winchesters levee a handle up again.
"Was." He rolls his eyes, half-smile rising, "Not anymore."
"Ouch," Dean chuckles, palm flat on his chest, "Tell me how you really feel."
like he does. But even him, knowing now that there is really a God out there, sometimes it's hard to think back to how he used to believe that Chuck might actually help someone like him if he prayed enough. If he was good enough. If he tried hard enough.
"Well, because you're in love with each other." Jack states it like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
"Well, don't." Dean hardens, turning to the entrance, "Come on."
voice he recognizes- and barrels for it. Rowena.
He digs the flask from the inside pocket of his jacket, looking up to the sky as he unscrews the lid. A star shoots low and thin across the black. Just a flash. Blink and you'd miss it.
"Why-" He snorts a laugh, but the sincerity just misses, "I just don't."
Cas nods at that, again unsurprised, “He died then too, didn’t he? Other you?”
"Dean, what about Cas, he doesn't think this has Lucifer written on it?"
"Right. Mary-"
"See, I'm not good with all this. I was a computer programmer 'til about five years ago." Abraham explains.
"No." He turns, expression unreadable, "This is personal."
a lead.
He turns to Dean, lips widening to a grin, "Not the quickest draw on the range, though, are we?"
Instead it's just a steady silence, cause Dean did what he was supposed to. He looked after Sammy, no matter what it took.
He spends a few minutes scrubbing at his skin with a washcloth, either wiping off glass fragments or digging them deeper into his skin, he can’t tell. He abandons the endeavor entirely fairly quickly, skin raw, and he sloughs on his new clothes and tip-toes back to his room where Cas is waiting on his usual side of the bed, sitting up against the headboard with his eyes closed. Dean tosses his towel over the back of his chair and props a pillow on the headboard as he climbs up beside him. Cas cracks one lid to watch.
"Why you always wear that stupid coat?"
“Mm, guys. You know I could end you all with a snap of my finger?” Lucifer holds up his fingers, poised for the action as if in emphasis, then drops them.
He leans away, still lightly holding onto Dean's jaw, and continues, looking into his eyes, "Once, you told me I was already dead. It was just a passing thing, dismissing me after an argument... and you were right. I was nothing. Just a mindless soldier before you came along. And now I can be here, have choices, foods I like, music I like. I'm a father and a friend. And you can say a movie I like is stupid and I can say the same to one of yours. You make references to things I still don't understand half the time, but you think they're funny so I do too. I like you because you've never had anything yet you fight for everything. The smallest things make you happy. To see your entire face brighten at the sight of a single piece of pie makes me happier than I felt once in hundreds of years."
Cas shifts his gaze to Dean, who lets out a breath, noticing Cas so incredibly close at his side. His neck blotches in pink and he raises a hand to rub it.
Now he knows, looking at Dean now, the reason had been far more human. That ache, that emptiness and dull crushing pain was simply Cas' soul failing to accept living in a world without Dean Winchester.
Sam: Watch your back out there
"Yeah, 'night, Cas."
Vince slowly slides his eyes to the camera, a small smile rising on the corner of his mouth. "Go to Hell." He breathes, grin widening.
Dean grabs the garbage can and water pitcher from behind him, holding out the can. Cas lets her take in the sight a moment before turning to drop the book in it, and Dean douses the flame with the water.
It's just one thing after another after another in their stupid, fucked up lives. The world will be safe because it has him, and it has Sam? Well that's bull. Where's their safety? Where's their peace and quiet?
Now, though, Dean's voice is clear if not a little overtired. A little raspier, like he hasn't used his voice since he spoke to Cas last.
Dean cackles, a harsh humorless laugh, "
"You think I should call dad again?" Sam looks down at the phone in his hands, and Dean notices, softening around the edges right before pulling himself back to big brother mode again.
He heads for the door and pauses the last second, just after the bell chimes, to look back at her. She's quite young, can't be much older than Claire, either.
Dean scoffs, softly, mostly an exhale, and rolls his eyes. This doesn't escape her notice, and she turns to him, "Do you know God, gentlemen?"
"Who's..." He mumbles, confused, "It's... uh, it's Castiel."
care. And she
He's just proven it can't ever really exist. He's just proven that he'd spoil it all, just like he's always thought.
to kill you when you had The Mark- if it had to come to that. Just like your father asked of you with Sam. Would you expect me to begrudge you for it?"
For their sakes, Cas has found himself wishing for that fictional, idolized version of John, too. Searching the man's face for traces of who they've believed in their entire lives. The strong, doting father that was always there for them when they needed him most.
There's an empty seat just on the end of the bartop. He slides in, helping himself to one of the menus from behind the bar in the same movement.
Dean: Couldn't even try to be subtle with that one Crowley..
Marion obliges. He presses call.
Sam snorts, walking through the doorway with a dusty old crate in hand, causing him to lean back comically to be able to lug the weight of it onto the ground beside the counter. He huffs out a breath, "I think you being obsessed with braiding my hair says a lot more about you than it does me."
He pauses at the passenger side of the truck as Cas rounds it for the driver's side, still not giving in. Crowley continues anyway, ever the deal-maker he is. The smooth-talking business man.
couldn't do what you had to do?"
Dean pats Cas roughly, dropping his hand with a grin that doesn't quite meet his eyes, "You good?"
This was a bad idea. Cas already has enough on his plate, he shouldn't be worrying about Dean's side of the coin, too. He shakes his head, "You know what- nevermind-"
Another rapid movement with the whip- and the girl doubles over further, sobbing into the cement.
Sam, Dean, and John lazily trudge in from the garage, and the library overheads are already on- the yellow-tinged light flooding into the hallway.
Billie whips out her hand, air knocking both boys to their asses, ignoring their slue of cries against it. This was supposed to be
Cas: it's nice talking to you.
Sam tromps into the room, settling on the opposite table, swiping a hand down his chin, "Yeah, and Lucifer has found the perfect safe house. I mean, how do we even
"Sam said we can make s'mores! I've never had them before!" Jack grins, scooping up a mouth-full of cookie crisp.
. I'm worried. Because things like 'cosmic consequences' have a habit of biting us in the ass."
“He’s not here?”
This could still be a one-off. Some other odd kind of explanation. He can't call Sam and Dean in on nothing, and he most certainly can't make a move yet to speak to Vince himself on the chance that it actually is Lucifer- not without any kind of plan in mind on how to disarm and kill him, or even trap him.
"Well, dear," Rowena strides up front and center with a tender half-smile, motioning to herself, then the rest of the room, "I'm a witch. He's an angel-"
"Feel a little left out over there." He waltzes up, leaning down to pat Cas on the thigh, "Scoot over."
He feels like a dad on the family road-trip, the kid in the back getting the cold shoulder for pitching a fit, so now they've all gotta pay for it and just sit and stew in their juices thinking about it.
"Yeah, thought you'd be, uh, you know..." Dean mimes down his own body with a smirk, "Long beard, suspenders, big hat."
"Dad..."
While Jody and Sam holler back and forth about pizza orders, Dean tugs out his phone, tapping on Cas' contact. They've been chatting back and forth a lot since Cas has been out of town.
Cas climbs into the back, John in the passenger side. Dean's secretly glad of both, because Cas' cooling gaze from the rearview mirror keeps him grounded far more than he'd ever admit to anyone.
Rowena scoffs, shrinking back at the remark, "That's quite rude, he's standing
He puts a hand to his heart, "I'm hurt, Cas."
"Hello, Dean."
him?"
"Dad-" Dean says, the same instant Sam firmly states, "No."
"Could be." Crowley quirks a brow, and Cas decides on the best course of action from there- exactly what he should’ve done the last time: Walking away.
Now, things are awkward.
How have they always done it? Is it simply because of each other? Or because they’re just made of something better?
Dean: you never stop for gas?
Dean evades his eyes, gripping the wheel, so Sam turns in his seat, "Remember a few years back, when we put the Impala in storage?"
"Ishim, let me tend to your wound." Cas says, circling the couch to come up to his side.
He wants to reach over and slide a hand through the angel’s hair and fix that lock sticking in a weird angle just behind his ear. He wants to move closer and see what it feels like to press against Cas’ side when he’s freshly awake like this. He must be so warm.
He fists his hands together on the table, tracing his thumbs over and under, over and under- just staring at them.
have more fun.'" He side-eyes Cas with a grin, alternating back to his usual smug, English aura and cupping his hand around the phone, blocking the screen, "Oh, and there's quite a lude photograph attached here- very girthy and-"
They'd piece together makeshift costumes out of boxes or toilet paper to go trick or treating. Celebrate thanksgiving with something special from the IHop down the road. Or one Christmas the two of them even chopped down a small tree from someone's front yard in the middle of the night so they'd have their own tree the next day, nearly bare of decorations. He still remembers waking up to the smell of pine, sap stuck in between his fingers as he pulled off the newspaper covering up the couple small gifts Dean had managed to wrap up for him.
"Some mission." Dean mumbles.
"Alright-"
It's then he realizes maybe he can't ever truly see Cas, but he can still feel him. The same way Cas looks at Dean's soul and tells him it's the purest one he's ever seen. Dean feels Cas' grace flow through him and he
"I-" Sam looks at him.
Both of them latched onto a mission in all the wrong ways, all in the name of someone once wholly loved. Salvation and ruin, never a finer line.
Maybe this curse was the universe giving him that little break. Saying, 'hey, it's not as great as you make it out to be.'
"Don't think I don't still know when you're lying to me, boy."
"This Lily chick? Says that her daughter was human." Cas tilts his head, not fully making the connection, so Dean continues, lowering his head to catch his eye, "I think Ishim... I think he's playin' you."
She doesn't openly attack them, or give any indication of
And Dean carried around Cas' festering old bloody coat through all of them- just like Sam had said. It hadn't just been stuffed into a corner of the Impala's trunk and forgotten about. He could've even left it in Baby in storage. But he chose instead to carry the mildewed piece of fabric with the rest of their belongings deemed essential enough to change out from one temporary trunk to the next.
John settles between the two boys, looking Cas up and down with a forced smile, "Castiel."
I've decided to just go ahead and post a few chapters that've been done for a bit and won't get any more changes. So here's the start of some chapter dumps! Yay :) I'll post this one first and then a couple more once I do a quick read-thru for edits.
Cas turns to the man, taking in another deep breath, "Where am I?"
It's been the same tired thing over and over again where Sam's the one backing Cas' play to put himself in the line of fire just cause he's all gung-ho about letting the guy have a choice in the matter.
He tugs it, and music shoots out of the phone- immediately recognizing it as one of Ladyheart’s own…
"She was a killer, Sam. A dangerous one." The ropes loosen and fall from Sam's wrists, and he clamors to his feet without John's help.
be in heaven with Mary right now. He
"Wait, why?"
"Right," He shuffles his feet, kicking at the dirt, considering, “Amara... she and Chuck made up. Yin and Yang, balance restored, the whole shebang... She said that I gave her what she needed most... and wanted to do the same for me.”
It's clear as the three make their way to the garage that the dynamic between them leaves something to be desired. Dean is openly pretending that they can all shove aside their differences for long enough to find his brother. John is apprehensive on the whole affair, glaring at his son and eyeing Cas threateningly. Cas is simply trying his best to follow Dean's lead, not feeding into John's evident notion that Castiel is a wolf in sheep's clothing intent on taking advantage of Dean's misplaced trust.
Dean gives Cas a grossed-out face, then whispers, "I'm not wearing dead-guy clothes."
Dean raises a finger up to his lips and points to the kitchen, slapping a friendly hand on Cas' shoulder. Cas nods, padding silently behind him, trenchcoat shifting with every step. He beelines for the coffee-maker, starting up a fresh brew. Dean, on the other hand, grabs a beer from the fridge. What the hell, right? It's a holiday.
Then... of course he’d do it.
”Any news on the big kahuna downstairs?” Dean asks, slamming his duffel down on the table. Cas looks up at the sound, eyelids drooping sleepily. He briefly blinks at Sam and John before settling a squinted look at Dean.
…” Billie frowns, unblinking, "If you change your mind... If
It’s the part of him- and he hates that this thought even crosses his mind
But it's just... maybe if things were different.
He looks into her shining blue eyes, and she's suddenly so small. So uncertain, like the girl she'd been years ago before he came in like a wrecking ball to her sweet family.
"I used to think you were invincible, man." He continues, "Not completely, but it just seemed for the longest time like nothing could really get to you. The longer you stuck around us, the more you got stuck with a bad hand. If it wasn't taking on Sam's crazy then it was Lucifer or something else. It's all just- always all in my mind, all that
"Everything will be okay."
What part?"
"Look, maybe this isn't my place, and this is epic stuff... but, you know," She takes a breath, setting her jaw, "If I could have my son and my husband back? I mean...
"Investigating Vince, same as before. You hear what happened to Roseleen?"
." He doesn't.
They decide on a different angle from cops for these people, settling on sweater-wearing Fred Rogers type CPS caseworkers. These type of folks'll never talk to the cops, so they'll likely have the most luck this way.
"I do tend to go for good boys gone bad..." Crowley says, unaffected as the waitress places down Dean's lunch with a silent eye-raise and departure.
"How weird?"
It was fascinating to me how one man could have threat of death carried upon him nearly every day, yet still fight as hard as you did.
"Sure." He eyes him, "What happened to you?"
”He pulled him out of
He spends several days researching government facilities, sending word to Jody and anyone else on his limited list of contacts... and Cas is already scraping the bottom of the barrel- so he decides to snoop.
." He grumbles, and stands, walking to the sink for something to do, and starts washing out his mug, "So that's it."
There's a knock, several soft patterings on the wood behind him- he jumps at the sound, releasing his hold on the sink. He inches closer to the door, pulls it open, it swinging inward, hitting his legs. A little five foot something pretty red-headed woman smiles up at him softly from the other side, seeming to expect something.
"Wow!"
Sam: Anything I can do from here?
finding Kelly Kline, or her Rosemary's baby."
"Well, at least we're all prepared." Alicia quips, a nervous edge to her voice.
It's the middle of the day this time. Usually Dean's one to pray at night, keeping a schedule.
That's what gives him the idea- or, the start of an idea... Winchesters have never been much for celebrating the holidays. Well, that's not completely accurate.
Dean's cooked up an entire package of bacon and several eggs -finishing off most of it himself- when Sam comes in and settles in the seat across from him, placing an open book down on the table. It’s a thin, musty smelling thing with lines upon lines of handwritten notes scrawled across the page. One book Dean would never have picked up himself unless absolutely necessary.
Not like that. That's just-
For a long time, Cas waits for him to either storm off, or drive off, or… anything at all. When he doesn’t, and he settles back where they’d been the rest of the night- leaning on the back of the Impala, hands in his pockets, seeming lost in thought- Cas quietly makes his way back to his side.
"The Druids used it in their rituals," She continues, raising her brows at him at the tail end of her sentence, "calling it the 'Language of the Trees.'"
Cas: Do you like books? (book stack emoji, open book emoji)
"I don't care who you are, I don't care what you want." He keeps his tone even, murderous, "You have my brother."
"Ah, come on, you're nowhere near the grave tonight." He pats Cas' chest, leaves his hand there a second too long before tearing it away and standing, all in one rapid movement.
"Sam, that won't work. She won't quit." He softens, finally, as Sam's readying another argument, "Think about it... would you?"
"Ah," Dean clicks his tongue, raking in a deep breath. He blows it out from his cheeks, "That saying's a crock a shit."
"An exorcism?" The demon chuckles, grinning wide, nearly incredulous.
"Maybe."
Dean: How long's it been since you saw the kid?
"Nice." The twins agree simultaneously, with a nod.
"Good boy," Rowena grins, red lips spread wide, eyes pinched up in delight- Dean smiles back.
It's weird, though. He hadn't noticed in a long while that those things... he hadn't realized the reason they always bother Sam so much. Of course it's cause Sam thinks of Dean better than that, always has. But there's more to it. Those are John's words. Words Dean's been spouting out verbatim ages after the man's death. Dusty old words from a bible in a dead language he hasn't read in years but still holds onto like gospel.
"He's a musician..." Cas groans, the sound of his truck's door opening and closing on the other end before another familiar voice pipes in-
tacked onto it?
He shoots Cas a text now.
Somewhere, Dean shouts, "Rowena, now!"
"Are we?" Cas asks, voice hard, meeting John's eye, "Did you hear about the murders in Lancaster, Missouri?"
He already knows he fucked something up somehow, just by peering around. A guy doesn't just pass out in the middle of the woods without fucking
." Cas sighs, and a fresh wave of frustration flows over Dean at the sentiment. It's been nearly an entire day since the last word from any of the brits. They could've moved, they could've killed Sam and dumped the body… hell, they could've disappeared into friggin' space for all they know... "I've checked all the motels, abandoned buildings. No sign of Sam."
Abraham and Gail share a look and clasp hands briefly between them before simultaneously raising their right hands to their forehead, right, left, down- motioning a cross in prayer.
belong. Because he
"I don't know how else I should put it."
Sam nods, slowly, breathing out a barely-there chuckle, "Figured it might... bring back a few things?"
Father Penn shrinks under the look, and turns to Sam instead to answer, voice low, "I'm not talking about that anymore."
When he turns to Cas, he sweeps his hands out and stops in front of him, "Where's all this warding you mentioned?"
gross." Dean says, but finally relents to wakefulness and opens his eyes with a groan, starting to unlatch himself from Cas' grip.
"My break's almost over-" She breathes, shallow, separating their faces with a firm grip in his hair, "But we close in an hour..."
A small tuft of breath exits his lips and lands on Dean's own. He blinks again just when he thinks he's inching back to a hundred percent, and Cas' eyes open- wide and blue, then drop immediately to a squint. He drops his hands, the warmth falling with them.
Crowley softens first, easing into a gentle smile, "I kid, Cas. Angel, demon, God, human, and all in-between... Dean Winchester is never a sloppy second. In fact, he may be the man to which all others are measured."
”Hey!” He throws up his hands in defense, shoving him away, “Alright-“
He shuffles from foot to foot, trying to lighten his tone jokingly, "Cause if you're gonna be all gung ho about the Gas-n-Sip again, it's gonna have to be in Lebanon or I'm tracking you down."
"These are witch killing bullets." He pulls out a few red bullets, one by one loading them into the gun, then hands the thing over to Dean, "Shoot the witch. Do you understand?"
A beat passes after her retreat, boots shuffling in place and low voices from the next room carrying through to highlight the absence of a happiness in the reunion of the broken family over here by the stairs.
gonna save you. We clear on that?” He catches Sam’s eye when his brother tries to look away, “Sam, tell me we’re clear on that.”
In this entry John states:
Rudy interrupts again to take the girls' dessert order, plunging the table into weary silence until he parts away again.
do is say something to Dean."
"Another?"
member of Vince's team. Even with the threat of
Dean: What do you guys even do at night?
The tracks were floating around in his head already. He knew exactly which to start with, which to flow to the next, and exactly how many. Only the best ones.
. Like Dean actually would. Like he'd ever be able to without dying first.
"Yes," Cas agrees, latching onto that certainty he can't quite find himself. But he knows that Dean needs it.
Sir."
It’s not so surface as that, obviously, cause that’s not who Cas is. But that kind of makes it worse, too, cause Cas might be the one with the noose around his neck
"I'm with Donna," Sam says by way of his entrance, sleepy eyes peering around with a hand shuffling through his hair to tame the mats built from a heavy couch sleep, "Adorable."
Dean picks up Cas' hand from his chest and places it on the sliver of bed between them. Waits a beat, making sure, then leans forward, careful not to shake the bed too much, watching Cas' unmoving form.
"I'm sorry?"
"No. No- it's- it's powerfully warded."
Cas: And I cannot even die in a traffic collision
"Alright. 450 miles to L.A." Dean blows air out of his cheeks, staring out at the blacktop, the thin white lines passing their tires, barely illuminated by the lights.
lives. Prevent the tragedy inevitable for this evening. That had already been a fleeting hope to begin with, given the very nature of who exactly they're up against and their stark lack of weapons against him- but even so, that small hope is snuffed out seeming instantly as John's words really settle in.
busy. Some kind of project or case.
. He just stands there, dumbstruck that he gets to have
Cas/Crowley: and you know what they say…
Not that Cas can say he's any better. He's here and he's trying, but it's simply not enough.
Cas grins, watching the two bicker back and forth. They're both entirely too similar for their own right. Eventually she gets Dean up and he follows her outside, but not before giving Cas a swift peck on the cheek and disappearing out the door with a grin.
, and it might not be the same way that Cas does, but it’s still with his entire heart.
," She annunciates it like an obvious fact of nature, and when she notices their raised brows, stammers to clarify, "I mean, Olivia was great, but this is Child Protective Services. We get threats all the time."
Cas: There's a brochure for Lake Darling State Park
"Everyone." She laughs nervously and shrugs, "You don't make a lot of friends when sometimes what's best for a family is to split them up."
A slow smile crawls across her face, "Because I know you won't remember." she reaches out a small finger and boops him right on the nose with the tip of it.
He stares up at the sky, watching the stars. Dean looks up, too, settling into the humming silence of the night- the muted ambience of life tinging around them in the near dark. That’s the best part about this place- the tranquility. Sometimes Dean comes out here just to sit in the world for a moment without having to think about anything at all, just swallowed by the dark fading in any direction, or spotlighted by the moon on those certain clear nights. Cas knows this because he frequently does the same. They catch one another at times, and settle into a comfortable silence like they have now.
"A case?" Sam asks.
"Cas?"
"Uh, podcast. Why?"
“I-“ Cas stumbles over his words, shifting, “People do seem to comment on it quite often.”
He really should tell Sam and Dean- but this truly
Beneath the notebook are a few loose papers- some song lyrics scrawled across a couple of them, or on another there appears to be a list of possible gifts for Sam's birthday. There are a few free batteries and pens clanking around, a spare phone charger, a small tub of hand lotion, and an unlabelled cassette buried at the bottom. Little trinkets that mean nothing.
He hears the rumble of Sam's voice raising with more air of authority, his shoulders tensing. When the dark-haired man speaks next, both brothers visibly stiffen. Well, visibly enough for Cas- the conversation with the other two bald men seems to remain fairly civil- until the dark-haired man sweeps a hand towards the Impala, drawing their attention to it, and he goes for his waist. Dean catches his arm, swinging his other to sucker a punch on the edge of the man's jaw.
The vamp on top of Dean wrestles for the machete, which is braced between them, each holding it with both hands. This time he keeps his head well out of reach of Dean's, so headbutting is out of the question. Dean's not above kicking, but that's out too, seeing as the guy is straddling his waist, pinning his lower half hard in the dirt. He manages a hefty elbow across the vampire's jaw when he starts to hear some of the scuffle Cas is having with the other two behind the car. Dean's heart rate spikes. At full power that fight would be no problem for Cas, but right now who knows how strong his body is and what he can take. He's basically human. These guys don't
"Oh, the world out there is all distractions. Consumerism, corporations. And the
It’s a text from Claire in a groupchat with her, Kaia, and Cas, with the first message being the photo she took earlier at the Carnival. Cas responds immediately with an emoji that's blushing and smiling, and a green heart beside it. Dean's not an emoji guy, he sends a simple thumbs up in acknowledgment and saves the photo to his phone, ignoring whatever else they send back and forth after that.
"And you've been with us every step," Dean nods, "Of this long, crazy thrill ride. And no matter how crazy it got, you never backed down."
Dean: Take that stolen credit card and put it to some good use
"Dory?"
He raises his mug in a mock cheer, "I don't often agree with Crowley but, hey. We gotta watch some of the classics, though.
"Yeah."
"So she covered her tracks." John pulls out his phone, dialing.
"So I made a few calls you don't agree with! Tough-"
Bobby Singer was a man that Castiel greatly admired for many reasons, the most of which was his depth of care for the Winchester brothers. It seems, even in death, Bobby has continued to be a solid aid for the boys. It's for that reason that his framed image hangs center on the wall behind the bar, surrounded by dozens of other photos of the Winchester's family through the years, including the photo Claire took of Dean and Cas the year before. Many faces Cas knows, though there's still a great deal more that he doesn't. These are a reminder that despite all the loss and tragedy that has befallen this small troupe of people in their short lives, they're surrounded by the love they've found with one another. That makes it all a little easier.
She gets it, smiling back, fluttering a wink his way.
"Well, that's awesome," Dean mutters to himself, a grim smile inching up, "I'm gonna get some air."
"I'm an angel," Cas says impatiently, sighing.
He laughs again, "Oh. Oh, I do enjoy an angel. But I understand your hesitation. You haven't exactly seen us at our best. Lady Bevell is a bit... excitable."
He'd thought about it while they were gone, of course. What things were like on the outside for everyone else. How frantically they'd be searching. How down on their luck they'd feel certain days.
He settles in the seat across the table, hoping his words come off kind, "This must be difficult for you."
It just wasn't much, and it took him a lot longer than it should've to realize that the not much was a whole lot better than nothing at all. And that it was all because of Dean.
And he definitely ignores it again when Kaia says, "Look how he's looking at him. It's sweet."
real. And we're the guys that kill 'em, man. I mean, come on. Best job ever."
one. Just borrowed it for a bit," Mick shrugs, "Friends in all the right places."
"Sunrise isn't for three hours."
He's exactly the same.
A girl he promised to help.
"No. That's- he doesn't need it."
"Umm..." Is that a language? A person?
The small black rectangle Cas tugs from his pocket isn't his phone.
"Yeah, whatever," Dean doesn't look at him, just readjusts the pillows, picking one up to shove the gun under and slam down again.
"Hey, it's dry. I'm not a savage." But Dean gets up anyway, double checking that he didn't get any blood on anything. "What am I supposed to wear, my birthday suit?"
"Geez, how many times have you guys died?" Kaia says incredulously, mostly to herself, but Cas acknowledges it anyway.
t least when he was human, he’d had the excuse. Now there’s what? He’s supposed to be a creature of power and divinity… he’s supposed to be the Winchesters protector. But what’s he protecting? How can he protect them when he’s just as powerless as they’ve always been? Moreso, even.
Dean looks Cas up and down, "You ever consider switching up your duds there? Bit stiff for this town.”
"Yeah, it's- It's great having the band back together again," Vince gleams a smile at the camera, "In the studio, feeling pumped. Haven't felt this fired up in ages."
Sam shakes his head, grabbing Cas' shoulder as he passes Dean, "C'mon, you can take the chair."
Each chapter will correspond with an episode. There's some scenes from the original episode (semi-canon) & more scenes which I've added to beef up the story & delve deeper into character relationships. Like the stuff we know happens off screen-> Dean giving Cas the mixtape, and them watching Tombstone together. Those scenes will both be in later chapters, alongside other stuff along those same lines.
A moment passes, John nodding, "So we go back. Hunt it down."
John wipes the end of the blade against his jeans, clearing off a fair amount of blood before twisting it in his hand and offering the blade, hilt end out, to Cas. He locks eyes with the angel as he hands it over, Cas grabbing it with a tentative hand, eyes wary and never leaving John's.
Claire scrunches her nose, batting her away, "Quit it."
"John didn't make that easy."
"It's not. But how am I any better if I take away his choice in the matter?"
Cas: Why?
She rakes in a deep breath, turning to face them, "Revenge is all I've had for over a hundred years. It's what I am."
Generally they get the hint. Sometimes he thinks they can even see it- the reason why he's turning them down. And they give him this look... maybe a flicker of eyes between himself and Dean, and it's almost pity or empathy in the nicest possible way one can wear that on their face and have it not come off belittling. It's more... a solidarity in knowing.
It makes one wonder how much of this Dean still has buried somewhere beneath layers of hardship, and how much he wants so desperately to express but actively suppresses.
"I haven't talked to her-"
"We completed a mission." Cas' voice is hard, but cloaked in guilt. He keeps his eyes shamefully downwards.
"Let me ask you a question," Sam cuts in, his exhaustion clearly starting to hit, his stance wavering just slightly, "Uh, Mick is it? Why would we believe
"Yes." John confirms, the same time Sam says, "No."
If Cas wants to talk about it now, he gives no indication. Maybe he sees so clearly that Dean
"No! Dad!" Sam manages to lock an arm around John's, tugging him back from going in again- this time for the kill. John swings wildly, face twisted in anger.
Dean pulls in a shuddering breath and looks away, ignoring the question as he peers around pretending to look for others. "We should probably go find everyone else. Make sure nothing caught up to them, too."
Curious, Cas turns back to the new stranger. It's no one he's ever encountered before. Wearing a slick black suit and dress shoes to match, the man carries himself forward with stiff shoulders and a cocky half smile, dark hair perfectly coiffed, and a notable tattoo of a black cross on the back of his right hand.
"He's not human! There's blood on the floor. Put two and two together, son!"
Another figure's movement pulls Dean's vision to the staircase at their left- a man- short hair, glasses- and he's running, running down the stairs. Dean doesn't know him, so that must mean...
Magda drags the whip out in front of herself, switching to her opposite side, and hurls the leather strap again- a thin snap sounding alongside the girl's shriek of pain as the strips connect with broken flesh.
"That's not my name." Her voice is flat, broken, "I'm not Magda. I'm the devil."
Well, he remembers his last solo team-up with the man. It hadn't ended well for either of them. But then again... he
Cas: Do you really think that's wise?
He collapsed completely clothed on top of his bed last night, boots still on and shirt still drenched in the smell of fire.
he'd said.
"Yeah, but still..." Dean looks around at Sam and John, feeling like the only one in the room who's thinking this makes zero sense at all, "I mean, what the hell?"
"Okay." He turns off the water, "We done now?"
Dean: You’re gonna look pretty stupid when you’re hit by a car made with melted angel blades
He wants to say more but doesn't want to risk his activities with Lucifer and Crowley to come up just yet. That's a conversation for later, maybe before he and Crowley meet back up in the morning.
Eileen: (oh emoji face) never a dull day in Kansas for you boys huh
He blinks. Once. Twice. Three times- staring down at the battered, fractured pieces of the broken girl that sat alive in front of him just moments before.
He doesn't know when it really happened. Wasn't overnight.
Ishim was right about weakness. They’re too soft for each other. Look at where it’s gotten Cas already.
Dean's one true and fatal flaw, his curse, is never seeing any of this beauty in himself.
"Oh, that's
All that's crossing his mind is the resounding
Cas takes a small sip of his drink, last second just deciding to down the whole thing and slap the glass back on the bartop. He doesn't look at John.
Or maybe it’s just the fact that he’s spent the past three weeks drowning his liver and it’s finally starting to catch up with him. He had to have nearly died of alcohol poisoning countless times on the very floor that strangers are shuffling around on now. He knows the only reason he’s not dead is cause Chuck was still holding all the cards and he
always
The girl eyes him curiously, "O-kay..."
"Yeah, we don't care." Dean rolls his eyes, the same time his dad taps his shoulder.
"I, uh..." Dean starts, looking the man up and down again. John hasn't moved an inch, simply eyeing Dean and his surroundings surreptitiously, clearly having less of an idea of how he's arrived here than Dean does, "Are you... you real?"
they're human and they're worth more than you are. And they always have been.
He shoots Cas a text as they're leaving the diner.
Dean prods a finger on the sticky tabletop, and they're all quiet while the waitress awkwardly fills heir mugs to the brim with a fresh brew.
”Hilarious.”
Cas nods, and they trail to Dean’s room together where Dean grabs some sweats, a t-shirt, and a towel, ducking out to leave Cas by his bed- stripping comfortably from his jacket and shoes.
Sam slams into the room before anyone else, slapping a flat palm on the blood sigil on the back of the door- aiding in lessening the power of the archangel.
thing he needs is to find out he rang up Cas in the middle of a blackout fugue state, drugged out of his mind. God only knows what the fuck he'd have said.
“You were homeless?” Kaia asks, direct. Kid sure knows how to read between the lines. She points her fork at Dean accusingly, “Weren’t you around?”
"Nothing good." Sam stares down at the table, mouth a thin line.
Shit.
"That's not-" Cas pauses, searching her face, "I'd like to be in your life
He laughs and pockets the phone, choosing to sit outside for a minute longer rather than watching nothing at all on tv. The wind is getting more aggressive. There's probably a storm rolling in from the west. It's not filled the skies yet, though.
Actually, if he's honest, it wasn't so indirect all the time.
"Dean-"
The audio clicks out.
Because it's so transparent, it's so clear and obvious...
Cas says nothing, offering nothing in return, dipping every ounce of attention he has in turning off the exit and following the signs to the nearest motel.
Cas couldn’t know just how much Dean really cared, though. How he cared. But he’d know that this was his best way of showing at least a piece of it.
"And, you know, I do have a life when you guys aren't around." Jody nods, then breaks into a grin.
"Oh, no, not- he doesn't. And I don't." Dean wants out of this conversation. He doesn't want to talk about Cas' dating life. Even his
Longs Peak."
He's too broken, too messed up and- he has to sleep with a gun beneath his head cause it's the only way he
He parts with a last glare and starts circling the vehicle, digging his keys from deep in his front pocket.
willy-nilly. I thought it was a don't-ask-don't-tell sort of thing, but I'm glad you boys have shelved some of your machismo. Bravo."
to fix him?"
Dean: Where are you?
"Unfortunately. It seems we have a common interest, and I must admit it seems pragmatic to have the aid of Hell at our disposal. Wouldn't you agree?"
“Once he gets to know you, he’ll come around.” Dean's voice comes out hard, but too hard in the way that it's nearly pleading.
Dean grips the blade carefully in one hand, ready to launch forward whenever Ishim makes his move-
"I think we should talk about what happened earlier... and last night."
"I'm trying to read my lips." he focuses a few more seconds, lips moving with the action, "'Now salsa you mittens...'"
He can have a weird friend that he likes a lot. Who makes him smile. Why does it always have to be a weird
"Gentlemen, is there a problem?" Sam asks, raising his voice until they're able to step up closer to the three.
"Huh." he stares down at this little picture for a long time, fingertips grazing the edge.
"Mm, yes and no. I imagine it's the difference between experiencing something and just simply reading about it or watching it in a movie. You can see it, and you can understand it to a point, but until you've experienced it yourself you can't really truly understand it. And I've never been in love, so I don't know. But I'd like to try to understand."
"He's the demon!" Loraine screeches, pointing at Dean and shakily holding her drink up against her chest like it might protect her.
"Fine." Cas nods, rolling his eyes. He backs out of the doorway without looking back, "Goodnight, Dean."
"Doesn't always take rebelling against heaven for a guy to be your friend. Normal folks would probably call that extreme."
"Well-trained, well-funded. Hunters maybe?"
Cas: Take care of yourself as well
"But we're not looking at a witch." Sam prods, and John rolls his eyes, pressing the phone to his ear, "I'm not saying it's
"Yeah, I got back in."
"What happened?" Abraham meets Dean's eye, then Sam's.
"Ugh,
"I'm not interested." He looks everywhere but at the demon beside him, spotting his truck on the other end of the lot and beelining for it.
It glows a cold white, cutting the grin right off of the devil's face. He starts charging for Sam, but the light blasts a pocket of energy directly onto the president's vessel, solid wave after wave of light puncturing forward, stiffening Lucifer's movements.
Sam is my brother...
"Quite."
"You can do that?"
Sam sighs, a deep one from the center of his chest, "You remember the room number yet?"
He parts the curtain for a peek out the window, and sees Cas out there sitting on the Impala's trunk- feet on the bumper, elbows on knees. Perching on Baby in only a way that he or Sam are ever allowed.
"You are
"Careful, I could go back. Cas talked me out of a particularly nice looking clown doll..."
Dean pulls into the garage, and all three of them pile out of the vehicle, a mess of sore limbs and healing wounds. Cas has recovered swiftly over the drive, though still relatively weakened. They discovered after the attack that the brass knuckles wrapping the woman's hands were etched in enochian, increasing their strength drastically against creatures like him specifically.
, Dean has been missing out on this for
Dean: Vegas
"Yeah." Sam nods, stiff. Dean doesn't say anything.
It's not an innocent question, just in the way he asks it. Like they've left a thread untethered. An amateur hour inconvenience.
He didn't even know then that Cas talked to Claire so much- much less that they had the kind of relationship where they sent crap to each other. Where he cared so much as to try and find out what things she liked, what her interests are and her hobbies, and include himself in small ways so she'd always know that he cared enough to try. Which, it seems, he's never even realized that for someone who's never had that before... it means more than she's ever going to admit.
a long time ago." He huffs out a breath, like it's a joke. They both know it's not, so he doesn't bother trying when he continues, voice low, "You can't get disappointed if you don't hope for something in the first place."
." Dean shoves his palm against his dad's chest, screaming back, "Guess what? The demon's dead! It's over! So what's your excuse now?”
Even if it’s just a day. An hour.
What do you remember
And it'd be right. Cause getting it all back- sure it hurt, but it also reminded him all he's got that he fights for so damn much. That he fights mosters and the world and himself, in order to stay there and be beside them- for as little time as he's got left.
(Today 11:45 PM)
"Why would you think that?" He asks, forcing himself to unclench his jaw to take a nonchalant sip of beer.
Cas lays on his side, drifting further into sleep as Dean trails a hand lightly down the curve of his body. Over his ribs, stomach, hips, slightly down his thigh and back again before Dean tucks his arm securely around Cas' chest and pulls him close, crushing their bodies together. His face settles in the crook of Cas' neck, taking a deep breath in... and out, warm breath sending chills all the way down Cas' spine. Dean chuckles at that, holding him even closer. Cas weaves their fingers together against his chest, nestling back against Dean. Dean nuzzles his face deep into his neck, planting soft kisses along his shoulder. He kisses his way to Cas' ear, settling there to whisper, "Love you." in a sleepy, husky voice.
"Yes. Good."
"Yeah."
"Sounds more like Aramaic than Hebrew." Sam mutters, turning to Dean, who nods in agreement.
Dean sighs, mumbles with a new softness, like he thinks Cas can't hear him, "Goodnight, Cas."
." He and Dean press down at the same time, lifting the carriage just high enough to allow Elijah to slide the wheel back into place. When it's locked in, they both ease up and let go, Elijah taking the reigns to finish tightening the bearings. Abraham nods to Dean and looks down at his son with pride.
Fucking spouting out
find you- if he is not in one piece, I will take you apart. You understand me?"
"Oh-" He chuckles, "I'm starvin'. How you feel about waffles?"
He lugs his stereo out into the library, figuring they can hear the speakers enough from the kitchen. Plus, maybe with this many people it might be nice to make use of the library like an old timey banquet hall.
The "safe house" is a church- because of course it is. A big yellow thing a good half hour outside the city, in the middle of several acres of corn field.
"Alright then, get out of here." Dean says instead with a lazy smile that doesn't quite reach, putting the record back in place on the shelf and shuffling back to bed, "Some of us need our beauty sleep."
Sam snickers, following close at Dean's heels, and he hears John pat a hand on Sam's shoulder, sticking by his side.
But Cas was also right... because he doesn't have Dean. Not really. Not in the way he wants to.
supposed to do?" Her voice is small, and for the first time since being popped into this strange room with all these strange people, she seems lost.
He shoves his phone back in his jeans. Deep, deep in his pocket.
Dean is standing just behind the fruit stand, leaning against Baby, kicking dirt up with the toe of his boot while speaking into his cell. Cas inspects a small box of raspberries on the countertop while the woman just behind it fills two small cups of black coffee. He considers purchasing a slice of pie, at the very least to be a source of comfort for Dean, but thinks better of it. Pie is for when they can celebrate while eating it- Sam safe and in their home.
John lugged in the police scanner in from the trunk of the Impala and is sitting at the table listening in on it, twisting a dial every now and then to clear up some static. Just waiting on another body to drop.
"Just go." Sam says, "I'll stay here."
He shakes his head, "I don't know her name. Like I said, Benjamin was very protective of her- knowing her name, it might've led an enemy to her family. He'd never have allowed that."
“I think we should
“It’s your father’s laundry, I’d say. You didn’t do anything wrong, Dean.”
It's a confession of something, just in the way he says it. But Cas isn't quite sure why. He's ashamed of things he doesn't feel? Of a role he doesn't fill? Why?
Dean ignores him, eyes still on Cas. He softens his voice at Cas' clear, frantic worry, threading his words alongside his own thought process, "Okay, well, the bunker's empty, so- so they've obviously left here... you said woman? not an angel, not a demon, a
of people. Don’t think I didn’t see that.” He pauses, pulling into the lot, “It matters to them.”
"I'm not..." He pauses, knowing that's a complete lie, and corrects, "I'm just mad at him."
The parking lot is near pitch black- so he makes it darker- obliterating the bulb in the streetlight just on its edge.
”We’re talking about
He didn't truly understand it at the time, but he does now- why those words bothered Dean. Because what if the things you want are just out of reach? Out of reach in the most painful way possible, so to focus on them is almost more unbearable.
The more I think about it the more I think maybe if he’d been around to... I don't know,
Dean thinks there might be movement on the other side of the glass so he pauses, staring at it. But it's just a couple exiting through the front, giggling with arms linked. A quick glimpse through the crack in the door and he's not able to see much of anything- which does nothing to calm his nerves.
John glowers, and turns, stepping up towards an office building to the right of them, "It's this one." He grumbles, by way of ending the conversation.
Its tower raches its peak at a harsh point, various similar adornments sharply mimicking on several corners of the building. The place was probably nice once, but the closer they get the more he can see it's been let go with time- paint chipping and flaking off beneath the gutters, untreated mold crawling up one side where the rain's clearly drained off the roof for years and created its own shapen crevice there.
He takes out his phone to check his messages. There’s one from Sam from early this morning, another couple from Claire- which is a nice surprise- and several more from Dean at different points throughout the day. He responds to Dean first, and gets to the others while waiting for his reply.
"Crowley-" Sam interrupts, voice hard, clearly the most intent on getting back on track, "
Do a lot of friends stay on the phone like this? He's never had any aside from Dean, so he wouldn't know.
He blinks, considering it, "I don't think so."
For the first time, John actually looks at Sam with fury. Sam looks on, frozen, mouth agape and flicking his eyes to Dean like he might have a better way to answer.
Dean huffs out a laugh, "Yeah, thanks."
"Yeah, uh," Sam holds it up, showing a document with half of the lines blacked out, several different Men of Letters symbols plastered as watermarks, and a 'CLASSIFIED' stamp in bright red lettering in the center, "Not so much."
"Beautiful day to burn some corpses!" Dean beams, hopping into the driver's seat.
"Even batman doesn't bring chicks to the bat cave." He winks, then realizes he's tilted his chair back too far and fumbles, jolting back towards the table, "Nah, been a dry spell for awhile, I guess."
He meets Cas' eye, searching for a truth there, a certainty he can't find in himself, “How do you know?”
I'll include any warnings or other additional information in the notes before a chapter. If there's text exchanges, similarly, I'll let you know at the top- and if you can't see the images the transcripts will be available at the end notes for the chapter.
"On your feet!"
"And I'm trying not to give up on
for something for himself, it's gone to shit. Big old open flame explosion right in his face.
No wonder the kid wanted out. Dean's never been much of a role model, but he should've tried a little harder than whatever the hell all
He gave the angel on his shoulder a conscience, and now it was gonna be Dean’s fault if it got him killed.
Sammy’s pretty quiet on the drive home, and ends up spending most of it passed out in the back seat despite trying his damnedest to keep his eyes open. And he stays asleep as they pick up some takeout on the way, only reviving when Dean slaps him in the chest, dragging the kid's sleepy limbs out when they're safe and parked in the garage.
"Nothing!" Dean says the same time Claire starts to say, "Dean-"
Dean: yeah yeah don't get all mushy now
"I don't think you're one to talk about missions,
"Do you know how many all-powerful beings have tried to kill them?" Crowley asks, holding his gaze.
Cas isn't even sure what he's looking for exactly, but when he pulls out the bottom desk drawer, he thinks maybe he shouldn't have been looking at all.
." Cas steps up, fuming, "Dean is not interested in any angel that I'm aware of. If you intend to keep working together, I suggest you stop this futile display of a means to belittle me, or hurt me, or whatever it is you're trying to do."
"Um, you're gonna have to be more specific." Sam sounds like he's trying very hard to tread carefully, but his tone alone proves he knows exactly what this conversation is about.
"Well, we knock on her door and ask her nicely not to kill any more angels."
"Oh, don't mind me, Castiel. By all means, look after the humans..."
If there's one thing growing up with a big brother's taught him, it's how to win easy in a slap fight when you're the one behind the wheel. He jerks to the left, just barely, and just sharp enough that Cas' eyes go wide, distracted by the movement-
Cas goes back to Dean's room, bringing the laptop with him, hoping that maybe sitting amongst Dean's space might make any of those words make any amount of sense.
Cas stays quiet, keeping his eyes on the road and away from Dean. It doesn't last long. Dean feels his eyes on him again a few minutes later when the angel sighs and reaches out a hand with two fingers extended, "Let me-"
He's angry with Cas about the leaving. Saying yes without talking it out. It's fading, but that's not a trust that will be won back with a single conversation, or overnight.
"No," he admits, sighing.
But still, he does it. And Cas has come to realize it's something he doesn't do with everyone.
"You know," he swallows, "I've seen my brother die, but watching him become... not him..." he scoffs, shaking his head, "This might actually be worse."
He keeps pacing.
He carefully sets down his drink, a playful smirk on the corner of his mouth, "I do. But whatever's happened to Moose and Squirrel, apparently it's above their paygrade."
"You know that's not what I meant." Sam says it calmly, temperate. He puts a hand on Dean's shoulder to bring him to a stop, "I mean- that's how
"Nah, you're right." John pauses, clicks his tongue. "Coulda kept in better touch."
"What?"
The man interrupts this thought, still looking into the trunk, rifling through several- weapons.
"Where you even gonna go?" Dean shouts, arms wide, boots following heavy on the pavement.
Gail speaks up for the first time since entering the room, voice soft, "We liked her better than the other one- that Beth."
"No, actually, he left." Cas informs her.
"I see." Cas pauses a long while, frowning, just staring forward. "Tell me then... what you think I feel, Dean."
track and fly to Dean, honing in on his prayer- he’d do it during this small pause.
There's an opening for something more to be said but If Dean really lets himself, the ease at which he can slip into something so comfortable and so affectionate with Cas... it’s more he’s ever given anyone, and he can't give it right now. Cas doesn’t even know how bad he wants to. Maybe he should.
He tries to imagine a scenario like that one- letting an an angel take you over like that. But not because of anything like heavenly plans on the line... Nah, just because you're that close. You care that much.
that you can’t describe but know it just by being near him. Dean tucks his face in the crook of the angel's neck and just inhales, taking in the smell of just pure Cas. The smell he couldn’t find in that wet trenchcoat he fished from the lake no matter how hard he tried, the smell that Lucifer couldn’t quite get right when he took Cas’ body, the smell that burned when Dean had to burn the body of the man he loved.
"Tell me about the angel, then."
Eileen: Nope. Not super excited to either
They're cornered with biceps right up against each other- the other three men standing scattered a few feet between them. As much as is allowed in the cramped space.
realized it?
Cas: I understand the sentiment
Their arms are warm against each other. For someone who used to complain so frequently about personal space, Dean no longer has a single qualm in regards to their small, personal, unsaid display of that affection. More often than not, the two gravitate towards one another, no matter how large the space. It's just how they are.
John's face hardens, and Bucky meets his eye from right beside him, jolting back and reaching for the blade strapped to his hip.
"Alright," Dean rises to his feet, banging a hand on the old plates. He pockets the screwdriver, tosses the plates in the dirt beside the other stolen vehicle, clearly planning on making both a problem for later, "You're, ah, good to go."
"Not in my experience," He sighs.
I would help her."
His body tells him to flee. It tells him to take his hand back. He looks down at their hands entwined, Dean so stiffly just letting it happen when he could-
"I didn't think..." Cas looks up, straight out the windshield, blue eyes shining, "Not until fairly recently actually, that it might even be possible..."
"Oh, yeah." Dean nods, and chuckles at his own private joke. He'd rather not know God at all. He'd rather have never met the man- guy, whatever. "Yeah, we're... we're besties.”
"So then
"Okay." Dean says, full volume, "Hey."
The twins and Loraine stand off on the edge of the fray, trading looks in a similar state to Dean- just trying to read the room for the truth, and brace for anyone at all to attack.
"Oh-"
Cas: (Cowboy hat smiley emoji, thumbs up emoji, thumbs up emoji)
He tugs out his cell to call John, or maybe Dean- no signal.
She tilts her head with a smile, downing the last drops of the liquor in her glass.
Dean pats his own pockets down, searching for a lighter, finding none. Cas tugs one from his jeans and hands it over.
"You ever think about... if you had the choice-"
They haven't texted all day, which is... not out of the ordinary. They don't usually talk every single day. Cas disappears for weeks sometimes without hitting up either of them.
"Got a lead on Kelly?" Sam spins around in his chair, watching Cas clasp the railing and stop halfway up the first step.
That still never made it okay. It doesn't make it okay when Dean is that man, either. Maybe that's the difference between he and his father, though... John never recognized that in himself, but Dean does. He sees it, he just doesn't know how to stop it, because they're everything to him and that scares the crap out of him.
She rolls her eyes, "Well,
where they'd parked it, what would
“Touché.”
”Understood, son. But we’re not gonna get another shot if we go in with pea shooters next round.”
and settles easily in the dirt. Silence settles with it until Cas breaks it with a sigh.
Which is fine. See, that's all good. But now he's gone and looped Cas in that same category and that's just not gonna fly.
"C'mon-"
"That... sucked." She chokes out, doubled over, gulping in air. Sam pulls her against his chest and she falls to him easily, his arms wrapping solidly around her.
"Don't judge a book by its cover."
"Oh?" He quirks a brow, clicking his tongue. Cas keeps his eyes on the road, but feels Crowley's gaze on him, "Going back on a man's final wish?
”You’ve never had pancakes before?” Kaia asks through a mouth nearly full.
"No, I-" He pauses, the corner of the glass door hitting his back, "I just- I have a daughter. She's
look at Cas. God knows why. Maybe just because he has to look somewhere while he stands up to leave, or maybe to shoot himself in the foot because Cas is just looking down at his mug with no expression at all, which means he's probably trying
He should have
His eyes flicker back and forth, blinking once, twice-
"Yeah, you know... It's been tense." He pauses, but Cas says nothing- waiting for him to elaborate, "You- you know, Last thing he knew- we were tailing yellow-eyes and he lays on that shit about Sam... I doubt from where he's sitting it looks like things got much better since. Not that I can blame the guy, he's probably right. And I feel like I should be grateful, too, you know? Only reason he was dead was cause of me..."
He disconnects it before the voicemail beeps, dropping the phone hard on the bed, "Dammit."
He considers knocking, he truly does. But all things considered- the least of which being the complete lack of information on what exactly is going on- he chooses the element of surprise.
Then it's only dad- staring into the fire, hands deep in his jacket pockets, face unreadable.
Sam shrugs, shoving his hands in his jeans, "Yeah, well, figured we should start it back up again. Christmas too. Jody says we should come by their place for that, though. But she rooted up some old decorations so we could at least get in the spirit around here."
hook up with someone, he never just
"He'll come to in a couple hours." Dean offers a shrug and joking smile that doesn't quite reach.
" Sam interjects again, a hand on Dean's shoulder to stop him from furthering the argument, and turns to John with a hand extended out, placating, "Look, we've all been through a lot. But this isn't the way to go it. We either work together or not at all.
The peppy attitude is almost the weirdest thing about all this.
"Well, no, not anymore, I don't think." He admits, stammering, “But that didn't make me the devil. It- it just made me who I am."
Dean blinks, face pinched.
His dad can't even finish choking out the end of that sentence- sputtering to a stop in the middle of it with fiery-wide eyes, a hand coming up to cup the bruising line of his jaw.
Elka grapples a sharp hand around his jaw, tugging their mouths back together through a gasp of breath.
Surprisingly, he actually does, cornering himself into the furthest reach of the booth. Dean piles in next to him, ending up with his own thigh overlapping Cas' to make enough room for Sam's fat butt on his other side.
"I have a safe house nearby." He stands, pulling out a wad of cash and slowly tugging out a couple of small bills, "I'll go get Mirabel."
The angel left his beer half finished, and Dean swallowed the last of his own before snagging the other from the counter and polishing off what he’d left. He quickly peered around the room, realizing what he’d done without any hesitation at all, and hoped no one else had seen. Not that it mattered. Why would it matter to either of the other men in the bunker? That was a Dean thing to do, finish someone else’s drink. He took Sam’s beers all the time.
Maybe she just needed to talk to someone, too.
He doesn’t blame her. It seems he’s failed many in this respect- his decisions... they just seem to keep pushing those he loves away. Regardless of his intentions.
"We gotta go. Get her out of here. Go." He tells Cas, then turns to Kelly, "Kelly, you gotta go. Go."
The doorbell chimes out, and Jody shouts from the next room that she's getting it. Dean'll have to hide some cash somewhere for her later to pay back for the amount of pizza he devours. He and Cas head back to the dining room just in time for Jack and Alex to show up and steal three pies for the basement dwellers, then retreat just as rapidly. That still leaves three more pies for the grown-ups table, and Dean starts scarfing down a slice of meat-lovers before Jody has to shove a plate in his face so he'll eat like a normal human being.
The packet gets emptied into his coffee. He grabs another, starting to shake it out, "He was a warrior. He was an angel's angel."
"Shut up." Dean grumbles into Cas' neck, which just makes the sleeping angel nuzzle his face further into Dean's hair.
But that's innocent. That's not... there's no reason to think anything more about it.
. So earnestly and completely unabashed. Because that's just Cas and Cas wouldn't lie to Dean like that. He believes every word he's saying... which just overwhelms Dean all over again because Cas really
That'll be on his gravestone, assuming he gets one:
Dean fights the urge to tell Cas he's rambling. Cas continues, seeming to gather his thoughts again.
"Sam, this isn't about me. It's about Benjamin."
"Oh," Rowena chimes, accompanied by a sing-songing click of her tongue, "It's for you, my sweet boy-" and holds the thing out for Dean to grasp in one hand. He holds it up, staring down at it, eyes flicking back to her expectantly. She waves out a hand, brows high, "Say hello, then."
"No. No, no, Dean, it..." Sam takes a steadying breath, "It's not gonna happen, alright?"
Three raps on the door draw both brothers' attention, and their glory is short lived.
The point seems moot anyway, doesn't it? The greater issue now is Kelly. He can't go roaming the entire town looking for the Winchesters when Kelly needs to be protected first and foremost.
He thumbs his own chest, not breaking eye contact, eyes blazing, “Because of the way
He glances at Dean and Sam, but neither have their phones out- still staring down at the floor in likely just as much mental upset. He tugs out the cell, taking stock of the name on the screen: Tommy.
It's then that Cas sidles up next to Dean and hands him a beer, then one to Sam, "Jody said she still has some of her husband's clothes in the basement that we can wear."
"Well..." Cas hesitates, "Mostly I just hope for contentedness. For you, and Sam, the girls... to have peace in your lives. And, if you're willing, to still have me by your sides when you find it."
will ever be simple, clear, or cut and dry. There’s always a turn, a what if, a twist in the story.
Text from Tommy to Cas (6:53 pm)
"Do it again!" He hollers with a grin and encouraging hand wave.
He hears John distantly call for him, but it's a half-assed sort of thing. Or maybe Sam stops him from following. Doesn't matter.
John motions to the bartender, and they grab a second glass to set beside his empty, pouring a few fingers in each before once again retreating. John slides the glass over to Cas without a word. Doesn't even look at him, just takes a sip of his own with a click of his tongue.
"Right," Dean frowns at that, shifting his gaze. It's the same thing that's on both of their minds, but they're not going to talk about it. What else is there to say? Cas made a choice- left them, left Dean. Now Lucifer is free.
"Yeah, we just, uh, finished a hunt in Brookings." Sam says, scrubbing a tired hand down his face.
every goddamn thing and can't just let himself feel it for once.
"So you dug the bullet out of his leg, no questions asked?" Dean looks down at the man before him. A dark-skinned, average looking dude with a normal run-of-the-mill job, still somehow getting roped into the workings of this kidnapping.
“I don’t know." Sam purses his lips, glowering, "I keep thinking about it like,
Finally, they pull into the driveway of the address listed on the post-card. A minivan is parked up close to the entrance, so there's at least a high likelihood that she's home.
Dean tugs out the chair between the two men, eyeing them both, clearly noting the tension but not commenting on it, "Yeah, I ran the, uh, tail number that what's-his-face gave us. The plane that Evil Elsa flew in on has diplomatic registry."
”None of this is good, Dean.”
Dean's grin fades, and he shrugs, "Oh."
opened up- because it's tainted by this other knowledge that's come with it. The entire reason. The fear, the repression, the self-loathing and... Dean's barely able to admit to
So he puts out the call, sets up the meet. It's not an immediate meeting, of course, not like they'd once have been able to manage. So instead they set up a time and place in town for later that night, giving enough of a span of time for Ishim's travel.
"Maybe. I haven't asked." Cas stabs his stick into the grass, the marshmallow still smoking from the top of it. He grabs a couple of graham crackers and chocolate, starting to layer the pieces together. "I've found this bit of in-between is fairly suiting for me. I'm not quite human, but also not quite angel, just... something else entirely."
Cas finally picks out a record and slowly places it on the player, setting the needle down on the edge with a careful precision and starting it up.
Dean continues tracing over Cas' skin, fingers dancing in swirls and journeying farther down the angel's body and back up. Still, he doesn't look in his eyes. And Cas lays rigid, like he's afraid if he moves at all that Dean will stop all of it.
He holds her eye for a long moment- knowing she knows he's going to do this either way. It's what they always do, isn't it? The risky thing. Just to save each other.
Dean kisses Cas softly at first, barely grazing his lips, then sinking in gently, falling deeper and deeper towards one another. Stubbled chin against stubbled chin. Dean flicks his tongue across Cas' bottom lip, and Cas tugs his entire body close, one arm wrapping around Dean and settling on his lower back. He's pulling their bodies hard together and everything just unleashes from there. Twelve years of tension and loss and friendship and love between these two creatures who in every other universe never meant as much to each other as they do in this one. Defying every one of God's stupid plans and every rule of the universe- an angel falling for a human in every way imaginable, and that human falling right back.
Sam ignores him, laughing, and turns to their dad who’s looking them both over questioningly, gaze lingering on Dean, “He’s mother-henning.”
, but he's still around. So that's... something.
"Uh, Dean Winchester," Dean holds out his hand, but the man doesn't take it- only looks at him with eyes widening in surprise.
John’s clearly unhappy about being stuck with Cas, and eyes him warily.
"Why? Angels can't become vengeful spirits-"
, or some filthy ape?" Ishim waves a hand passively at Dean, "Who's always talking down to you, always mocking you..."
Then why did he kiss Cas? Why did he
Sam and Dean just look at him- because since when do they give a shit that others don't like them? They're pretty well-hated in any circles just by name alone. Not being liked? Who cares-
John looks her up and down, no longer smiling. No longer joking at all, "How would it work?"
." The rest of the room starts to catch wind, slowly turning to the commotion when Jody points directly at John, raising her voice, "I know he's a demon!"
People- they twist shit. They come to the wrong conclusions or don't get the full story. Same thing happened back when they shook the apocalypse loose. Whole reason buckets of hunters had their eye out for Sam. They didn't know it wasn't the kid's fault, or, if you wanna get technical about it, that it was half Dean's.
Cas rolls his eyes so hard, his head slams back against the seatback. He submits to defeat, resting an elbow on the window, cheek in palm, eyes peering sideways to try and read the keystrokes attached to Crowley's fingertips.
The bodies burn an hour after daybreak.
Just far enough that his only option is to slowly move his hands away from his body, and raise them in surrender.
Dean: Looks like dad picked up a hunt
Sam hasn't been sure if he did, really. There were times he suspected he might, but Sam's never been able to get him to talk about it. Admit to it. Thinking, maybe- on some level, maybe he
John loads a fresh clip into the handgun in his lap, another clearly visible and already ready to go in the holster secured at his ribs. Cas climbs into the seat beside him, closing out the rest of the world with a slam of the door.
can't be happy, or at least
"Cas." It's just a single breath out, and he's moving.
He blinks again, but before he can even mutter out a single word, the man's hands are on him- palming away at his sides. Fingers deftly flitting inside pockets. Dean lifts his arms, not in any kind of defense- which may be something he should be focused on- but it's instead to give the guy better access.
Cas is no longer pinned to the ground, but there's more bodies than just one going up against him now. One woman is holding him from behind, while another fights against Cas' flying punches. Dean eliminates the man first, a clean slice through his neck with the blade. He's not sure why the woman hasn't dug her teeth into Cas' neck yet, but he's grateful if only for a second.
Despite all that Sam said about how they three 'never talk', Dean doesn't seem too intent on changing up that status quo anytime soon.
"Please. It's a complete train wreck down there. No Lucifer, no Crowley. It's messy." He charges forward, and Dean sidesteps opposite him again.
"For a second. Okay, yeah, that was weird."
"I wasn't the only to receive the call to aid, as I expected. There'll be more angels in town later this evening. I set up a meet."
Dean takes a deep breath, knees twinging as he stands, glad to be out of the stale city smog, “Ah, gotta love the smell of not-piss.”
She hits him in the arm with a piece of uncooked toast right when Cas pads into the kitchen with an empty mug and heads straight for the coffee pot. Dean beams at him immediately and Donna turns, noticing Cas' entrance.
John swirls his glass in his hand, silent for a long minute, "Somethin's off with him."
"You got it."
He sets down a bottle and turns, wiping greasy hands on an old rag, "Who's asking?"
He groans, "Oh, not you too-"
A few moments pass before Claire clears her throat and gets right to business.
protection, but I never imagined..." She pauses, recollecting herself again, "He said... I broke his heart, so he was going to break mine.
"Yes you did. Which made Mr. Davies think that you were in trouble, which you were. So he rings me. Bing, bang, boom. Meet Bob. He's your uncle. Oh, and, um, you're welcome. Hmm?"
Dean seems to let himself hold Cas for longer now than he would in front of anyone else. Because if he held him too long in front of someone else, they might see that Dean holds Cas differently than he does other people. Just like everything else, it's always been different between them.
"I'm gonna grab a couple hours." Dean stands abruptly, "Then I'll hack the cameras, see what I can find."
"Come on, come on, come on..." he mumbles under his breath, eyes pinched closed until abruptly separating the phone from his ear and disconnecting the call, "Yeah, he's not answering."
They wait for the cover of nightfall to make a move on the farm, Dean staying back to try his hand with Beth. Something about it doesn't feel right, but there's not a doubt in Sam's mind that Magda is the key to all of this.
It shouldn't be a big deal, but that one little innocent comment... What did he see? Dean wasn't looking any type of way. He's just looking at his phone, maybe smiling a little bit.
It’s not so bad, being this close... he’s not opposed. He’d never shove Cas away or anything.
Dean spares a last grin to Cas, then winks at his dad. It's shocking that John even listens to him, but Dean turns on his foot and moves quickly up to the house, disappearing around the side in a matter of seconds.
”So… you know why, then?”
Jody starts for the front door, muttering wistfully, "Family home. Asa was just a guy."
taking care of Sammy! You think I’d make a deal and it
There will be some images within this chapter for text messages. If for whatever reason you can't view them - you should be able to - I'm also posting what they say at the notes at the end of the chapter.
Bucky holds up his hands, purses his lips, as though flying the white flag, "Hey, you know him. That's just the word."
The only response Cas bothers dignifying that with is a heavy sigh, drawing a glare from Dean.
Meanwhile, Cas is struggling to remain upright, even on his knees- one hand dipping to the ground, palm flat on the carpet.
"Back- listen, back there-" he shuffles in place, "I didn't mean you're like Ishim. To Cas. That was-"
"Even in Hell, even torn up and mangled as that soul was, he still shone the brightest of any being there and any that walks on earth now.
Dean rolls his eyes and groans, "No, that would be stupid. I'm not in love. Never been. Not with... Cas.
don't have a time machine, mister... hair," Dean points at Sam's head, "Mister hair rock."
"Yeah, that's what I thought." Ishim grins around the words.
." Dean rolls his eyes exaggeratedly.
"Great, so, take it easy 'til then?" Dean sinks back into the booth, cornering Cas in the same length of bench but pointedly not touching him at all.
"We'll find out." Cas starts for the door with barely a glance their way, "You wait here."
?" He searches her face for any ounce of caring. Any ounce of compassion.
as Dean would kindly put it. He feels he may be entitled a few moments of such.
He's right, confirmed just in the way Dean looks at him. That's what bothers him- that his father sees a monster in a friend. A monster in someone Dean trusts, as though he doesn't trust Dean enough to make the correct call.
”Hey, assbutt.” Cas steps up- swinging a guitar in one fluid motion up into Lucifer’s chin, sending him flying backwards, sprawling into the drums.
Then- he remembers- a foggy fraction of a memory beside Dean's broken voice begging Cas to kick Lucifer from his body. Crowley had been there, too, hadn't he?
awkward- never have been. Now here they are like a couple of roommates that had a drunken hookup and regret it the next morning-
rooms... hell, maybe even three- is beyond him. But, Sam wants Dean to play nice, he'll play nice. The good son. Just like fuckin’ always.
“You said it yourself, I was there, but I wasn’t enough to save you.”
"So, what's the plan?" He whispers out the corner of his mouth.
did he do last night?
"What else?"
“There was a lot going on at the time, it wasn’t Dean’s fault.” Cas touches Dean’s shoulder reassuringly for just a moment, then lets his hand drop.
and it all blew to shit like everything else? That might just be curtains for him.
Or perhaps the soul would be more accurate. Isn't that always where humans say loss hurts the most? Their soul?
"So what else?"
“Yes?”
Jody, though, it's weird but he hadn't even thought about her dating. Jody's just... Jody.
"Okay," Dean kneels beside him, tapping the man on the chest, "Alright. Take it easy, Tiger."
bed." Cas says plainly.
A subtle thumping of footsteps falling on the stones sounds from behind him, cutting through the blissful silence. Without turning, Dean grumbles, "Go away."
Cas: We think they're still in the United States, but honestly we have no way of knowing with any certainty
Is this what it was always going to be like? When the boys grow old and die and leave Castiel behind alone?
Crowley disappears from the truck mid-laugh.
Cas seems to get lost in thought there, a sad sort of look crossing his features. But it also makes Sam realize just how much his brother actually
"All these other people in the world- Jody, she could've gotten her kid back. Charlie could've come back. Claire's... her parents. All these people we know... they deserve this shit, you know? But me? Why did she do it?"
"And all you wanna do is help these American Hunters to clear this country of monsters?" Cas asks, not believing as much for a second.
He holds up a hand innocently, shrugging, "Hey, I said I was getting some grub. Just didn't say how far or how long I'd be gone." Grinning, he claps a hand on the table just in time for the waitress to amble over, notepad in hand. Her nametag reads “Dana” with a small heart drawn at the end of the name in purple sharpie.
"’Save me, oh God.’" Dean reads back, lowering his voice, "I've been looking into some lore, too. Nothing on goopy brains from what I know. We sure it's witchy?"
"Man, that's not- I just- we're just different. Maybe you think you know what you're feeling, but that's- it's not what you're thinking it is... I don't know." He shrugs. It feels stupid now that he's explaining it, but he can't help that a part of himself also believes it a little bit, too, "Like those cats that are raised with dogs, right? They act like 'em and everything but end of the day, they're still a cat. They've got different... instincts, or whatever."
It really would be okay, too. Cas would go on business as usual, and Dean could pretend that this never happened. Because that’s just how Cas is, how he’s always been. Selfless, sacrificing, loving...
"Thanks, brother." One says, with a quick pat to Dean's shoulder, then they keep on the direction they're moving.
Dean would do it. Doesn't even have to think about it, really, if it was Cas. If he had to. If, for some reason, Cas needed a new spot to claim squatters rights for a little while.
from me.” She continues, breathing furiously against Bucky’s cheek, “Asa was
Luckily, the more he seems to learn about Cas and anything that could possibly weaken him, the more he appears to warm to working alongside him, too. For now. As if he simply needs to have an out- a leg up- in order to feel comfortable teaming up for a short haul.
She just grins, taking a sip from her glass, "Not that I'm complaining. Saving tons on takeout."
Oh, that's gotta be dad-
Sam shouts over the thrum, both sets of eyes swinging wildly towards him, fuming.
Of course there's other memories too. The unkind ones. Ones where Dean's face is a stony glare, his body stiff. Where there's raised voices and rough palms.
This is
"No. I mean, I always said we'd go out all Butch and Sundance, but, truth is... I never wanted that. Not for him at least. Just figured that's the way the cards drew for us, no use getting upset about it. Now, with everything winding down... I want him to get out."
lounge chairs. That way when Cas brings him a gay movie to watch it’s just like a cinematic viewing type thing... not two guys hiding away in a room huddled around a screen with their shoulders hot against each other and sharing air and finding comfort in the steady breaths coming from the man beside him.
”Crowley-“ Cas grumbles in interruption, but barely has time to form a sentence before Laura returns with Crowley’s drink, and Cas’ usual coffee.
"Ah, I've been there." He sips his coffee, clicks his tongue, "No money except maybe a buck fifty, so you grab a soda cause there's free refills and it'll fill your stomach enough that you're not hungry anymore."
At that, Cas meets his eye again, "I won't do that."
John opens his mouth to speak, but-
Dean shakes his head and starts pouring a second cup of coffee, as if that action alone will change the gears of the thoughts floating around in his brain.
Ah, christ.
“You know...” Dean clears his throat again, “Sometimes when we were kids, dad would disappear for a few days. Sammy was pretty little so he didn’t really get it yet... I didn’t want him to. So I’d do the worrying, making all the calls... but sometimes I’d distract him, take him out to some amusement park or something. We didn’t have much money so we’d camp out... come out to fields like this and just sleep under the stars.” He chuckles to himself, not willing to meet Cas’ eyes watching him, “Luxuries of the homeless, I know.”
As always, please comment your thoughts. :) I may not respond to them all bc it would probably get tired of me to continually thank everyone for your kind words, but I read and appreciate them all. So, as a blanket statement that doesn't truly divulge the depth of my gratitude for all ~ Thank you :)
John says nothing, takes a sip of coffee, brows drawn, not giving an inch in any direction.
He remembers the strange man with mournful green eyes pleading for help for his ill brother. How Cas had felt such a tug to help- beyond what he'd felt with anyone in his very limited memory up to that point- where he'd followed him to his vehicle without question.
It's been better having Cas stick around while Crowley follows his own leads elsewhere for the time being. Feels a little bit more like how things are supposed to be. Which, of course, just brings on a fresh wave of that same old guilt that festers in the wake of all things John. It's not right to feel relieved, but a big part of him can't help it.
It's different this time. Maybe because they're both sober. Maybe because Cas isn't braced and waiting for Dean to push him away this time. Maybe because they're both less afraid. It doesn't matter the reason, because whatever it is, this time is different.
He talks to him. Puts an effort in. Sometimes it's just a text or two throughout the day- just normal stuff. Checking in.
and lay right back down for a few more blissful hours communing with nature, and instead brings himself to his feet, catching a mild whiff of whatever stink is wafting from him-
"Should be here soon." Dean says, and nods to John as he walks up with a certain pep in his step. Somehow long drives have always woken John up more than stiffened his bones, like they do Dean.
Mick turns back to their car, presumably to put the call in. John turns on his heel, stalking the opposite direction, back to the truck.
There's plenty that Dean wants to say to that, but before he can even collect his thoughts on the matter, Sam pipes in first- far calmer, "Cas, you're gonna want some backup on this."
This should make him less anxious, but somehow he's even more worried. Every time things seem calm in their lives, there's something brewing around the next bend. Someone or
"Do you know what it is to be the righteous man?"
He spreads his arms wide, looking between the two, "How did this turn against
Ishim collapses into the couch in the center of the room, body deflating into the cushions in a way that can't be all that comfortable. He folds himself over the arm, leveeing up his upper body to be able to get a better look at the wound without putting too much strain on it.
"Human." Cas says simply, unsure what else that was intended to mean.
got rest of that family killed. Like father, like son, huh? Now you wanna bring more good people in on this?"
Dean had punched the number into Cas' phone weeks ago and saved it there "In case of emergencies." He'd seemed hesitant to do it, probably as unsure as Cas is now that the man on the other end would even answer.
Dean appears to be on the same wavelength. He won't be trying to kill them today, but also won't be joining them.
Charlie would punch him for that one, though.
That's just the way of the world for a soldier. Hell, you're not gonna go marching off in the trenches out in Vietnam and expect to come out the same. What’s the difference? It's a war. This is what happens in war.
Dean doesn't know how to tell Cas he's not that man he thinks he is, so he doesn't. The needle stutters on static as the song peters to an end, the first side of the record with it.
Past five minutes are already fogging away, slipping in tiny strands- like strips in a paper shredder. He knows he needs to try holding onto these pieces but can't quite pinpoint why- so they slip away, drifting in and out, only slight threads in the fabric of their nature keeping hold.
Suitable that the John Winchester Rage Hate Hours are already in full swing today due to the Ouroboros script release. I put in a few of those hours myself just writing a few of the pieces here.
connect with Claire. They're not far away... and the two have hardly spoken since he's been back...
”That’s a woefully inaccurate assessment from where I sit.”
"If you're looking for Lucifer," A silky feminine drawl speaks calmly from the back porch, "You
Her face remains virtually unchanged- lips pursed, dark eyes wide and focused, "I see."
He feels nauseous.
"That's fast." Sam and Dean don't usually pick up cases one after the other like this. It's not wildly uncommon, but strange considering their father's recent reintroduction. Then again, that may be precisely why.
Sam opens his mouth, but it's Dean who speaks first, eyes still down at his mug, voice measured, "Look, this was a buddy of yours... since we got the time, we could hop down to the morgue and claim the body-"
Dean stares at the empty doorway the girls can be heard chattering and laughing on the other side of, and a wistful smile touches his lips. Eventually, he takes a breath, turning back to Sam, "I tried to get him to stay."
“I’m... I’m not gay, Cas.” Dean breaths it out, nearly a whisper, as though he doesn’t really even want Cas to hear it. It's not even really an answer to what Cas just said, but he says it anyway. He's not entirely sure why.
Her face changes, eyes wide, so he softens in response, "Your daughter."
Old religious family, too up their asses about doing right by God that they screw up their own kid and make a seriously pissed off spirit for their troubles? They've seen it before. Probably see it again before the lights go out. It sucks each time. Kid deserved better than that.
told me you were coming, I'd have spruced up."
Cas meets Dean's eye as they approach the house, and tilts his head forward in silent question. Dean nods, and Cas takes the lead, heading towards the open garage.
That's when a tree a few yards ahead rustles, drawing his attention. He lowers the phone, softening his tread as he pads forward and reaches around his back for the gun at his waist.
Cas fiddles with the keys in his pocket, needing something to busy with, fidget, "He doesn't like me."
“You're- you're not worth
“So you like this angel. Trust him?” John tilts his head, keeping his focus on Sam.
"Different tracks, stuck on the same damn hill..."
"Um..." his brows come together as he mentally shuffles into the info, "The accountant. Barry Gilman."
(Today: 9:43 AM)
getting close to the president?"
This can't be anyone but John staring him down now. He's certain of it.
for it." Dean grumbles.
." She says just as plainly, yet doesn't make a move to lower either weapon.
"Hey, you okay?"
"Been trying." John says, which comes as a bit of a surprise. Due to the lack of correspondence, Cas had figured John gave up weeks ago. "You?"
John looks at Dean a moment, as though really seeing his son for the first time since he's been back- the new lines in his face, the hardness about him- he chuckles, light, shaking his head, "What happened to us? We used to get on like white on rice. Always Sammy and I buttin' heads and you getting in the middle tryin’ to smooth things out."
"I'll call you."
He slides off the trunk, pocketing his novel in an inner fold of his coat, "Yes."
“Goodnight, Dean.”
"The booze?" She squints at him, a mildly hostile type of teasing to it.
His certainty shocks Dean sometimes. The bluntness of such intense loyalty. It's not normal, but it's not one way either. Like there's some facet of the universe that has it written in the coding- a truth universally acknowledged that if Dean's going to die, Cas'll be right there too. The fine print is, it always seems to be Cas doing the dying while Dean's left to keep the show going afterwards, alone.
Eyes blazing, voice deep and thundering, John stares down the demon, “
Zeppelin II. It's one of Dean's favorites. Cas knows that. It's probably why he picked it.
"Well, if she's a liar, she's pretty good at it." Dean says levelly, a half smile touching his lips, "You, on the other hand, kind of suck."
Cas: I appreciate it
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas says, lowering his gaze to his feet before turning to face Dean fully.
"It wasn't me. I don't get my hands dirty." She raises her brows, calm, "
"-Okay, I get the picture." Dean swallows, mouth dry when he lets out a wry chuckle, "Geez, all my dirty laundry coming out the same day, huh?"
in on this?" He snorts, "I mean-"
Cas was the first face he saw, coming out of that hazy half-deluded sleep five years ago. Since then, it's been the two of them, tossing Lucifer back and forth- trying to keep the other from having to deal with that fearsome reality on their own.
Though if he does that, those two might take
"Okay- did you have to bring
"You think you're replaceable. And Cas, you're
John opens his mouth, but another voice chooses to answer- from the other side of the pyre, "He's really not."
He's staring at Dean's profile with an unamused frown, so Dean smiles in response, eyes roving down the length of his face.
The demon rises again, heavy-footed heels
idea what that means?"
Cas is the first to break the spell, stepping to the president's body, kneeling, and placing his fingertips on the edge of the man's scalp.
Dean snorts, rolling his eyes. Cas glares at him, and rolls his own in response before turning to Donna, "I'm just... not sure what to say when receiving compliments. Especially considering this isn't entirely my body. Feels... strange."
"And then one night," Gail raises her chin, "When things were at their worst, I was... lying in a puddle of my own sick. I heard a voice. It was God's voice. And he said, 'Go, live a life of simplicity and humility, and all your pain will be taken away.'"
She's incredibly strong considering what she's gone through in this one day alone. It's commendable at that. She's not a hunter or a soldier. She was never raised to believe in any of this- and yet she's aided in the fight at great risk to not only herself but the man she loves. Now she's here- with a stranger- one she knows to not be human himself...
Why does he want to do it again? Right now. Completely sober in the light of day.
Dean's been giving Sam the cold shoulder for days now. Every time Sam tries bringing up that night, Dean shuts him down. Doesn't want to talk about it.
Happy reading! :D
"Yeah." Sam exhales, collapsing back in his chair.
"Captured by the very witches who've done this to your fellow here." She waves Dean up and down, bag's handle folded into the crease of her elbow, "I assume you'd like to join the rescue parade?"
"Know a thing or two? You both got your heads so far up your asses you can't see a shitshorm if it hit your windshield!"
And he was
She beams, nodding, "Why, thank you." then turns to Sam, lowering her voice, "Do we
"Research."
Cas slowly raises a hand up and gingerly caresses Dean's jaw with the lightest feather of a touch to guide his eyes back up to his own. Dean lets him. "You're a good man, Dean Winchester. You clearly don't hear it enough so I'm going to have to keep saying it whether you like it or not."
. Because it's always right when I start to think
"Helluva trick. That why you keep him around?" John scoffs, giving Cas a smirk as though passing a private joke between them.
Cas: I don't have Netflix (frown emoji)
”Go where?”
Probably a far too murderous thought for a man simply doing his job, but at this point if Cas found the building holding these brothers he’d be inclined to kill everyone inside just for having any part in this at all. He wouldn’t, of course. But the desire is there.
Dean turns from the kitchen without a second look back, but feels Sam close at his heels. Cas raises his head at their approach, Dean raising up a beer in tandem and placing it in front of the angel.
The Winchesters newly revived member is another conversation to be had.
He jumps through the door, tumbling forward onto his shoulders, rolling to his knees. In one swift move, he raises to a stand and peers around, pulling the demon blade from his inner coat pocket. Loraine is seated in front of him, between the stairs and Elvis.
, Dean Winchester."
Dean: I mean it
"Come now," She says, grabbing his hand and pulling him into the room at her heels.
type motion, “Get up. Let’s go.”
thing. You'd rather pick a fight with Dean over the friends we keep than try for a second to think that maybe things are just different from how they used to be. To... give us a chance and maybe realize that not every monster we come across is... just a monster."
Dean bolts from the room, passing through the living room and settling by the stairs where no one's stares linger. He takes a seat at the edge of the third step, pretending to busy on his phone while taking small sips from his beer, heart hammering in his chest.
Seriously. Can we kumbaya it up later, please? I need my sleep, man. I'll keep the peace, I swear."
"Where you been?" He asks, aiming for nonchalant but it misses in every way imaginable.
Freaky." He chuckles, keeping his light steady on it.
Dean takes a minute to find a 24 hour diner in between both their locations, then texts Cas the address. He's already in the truck by the time he gets it, engine on, and takes a turn onto the highway.
Spoilers at the tail end of the chapter for "Brokeback Mountain" or, in other words, where Dean and Cas watch Brokeback together.
"You asked my advice, Dean." He can practically hear the eyeroll through the phone.
"No," Sam scoots forward, looking around Dean to peer at Cas, "No, it's not."
A fierce air of protectiveness shifts through his veins at the sight, furthered by the bloodied streaks painted across the red-haired woman's face-
Text messages from Cas to Dean 9:33 PM
"Looks like you weren't the only one."
"See, that's what I don't get." John tilts his glass towards him, "You take yourself from one mission, give yourself another. Right now, sure, it's 'save the Winchesters, save the world'- but what about tomorrow? Seems to me- angel's wiring- is lining up to a cause and dedicating to that cause a hundred percent. Flaw in the machine is when you choose that cause yourself.
"Alright, meet us there."
"Oh, fuck off with your
Sam nods, holding back a grin, "So
They stood there wordlessly for some time, holding on, breathing deep into the other’s skin. But finally, Dean knew he had to let go. With one last tight squeeze he started to back off, and Cas let go immediately in response.
"Okay. We save people, hunt monsters. You- Dean, me- Sam, and Cas, and Dad."
cause down to his bones he knew that was what was most important. It's more important than the things that hurt. It makes the hurting worth it.
And under all that, Cas had had the notion that Crowley truly did care on some level about
He's thankful for that.
Mick is less put-out, "I'll get our techs to put a satellite over the area."
He also figured it might be the worst for Cas. Sure, he has Jody and the girls the same as Sam and Dean do, but he's also one to withdraw in on himself and think everyone else is better off going on with their own happy lives even when he's in a bad place himself. Not wanting to bring them down or be a burden. It's something Cas keeps close to the vest, but he's not as great at hiding that stuff as he thinks he is.
Robin, his high school romance for a couple months. Cassie his first love for even less than that... Then there was Lisa- his year and a half-long go at a real family.
"I'll deal with it." Cas says easily, crossing in front of them, heading for the stairs, "I have to go."
do." He sighs, "
Crowley: But you're gonna buy a gal a drink before bending her over
"Listen," Sam continues, pleading, "It's not Cas' fault that Heaven has these crazy rules about Nephilim…"
"What?"
Cas, however, is unamused- his frown sticking. If he's unable to even sense what's wrong with Dean, that means he has no way of fixing it- and if this spell, whatever it is, is causing severe, irreparable brain damage... then Rowena is far too unconcerned for his liking. Especially considering if this
Dean turns on Sam, "You what?"
"Well, I like history, you know? Gladiators and outlaws, pirates. Hell, we're driving in a piece of history right here." Dean grins, smacks a hand on the wheel, and flashes his brows up and down a couple times.
"Dumb question. Right. What psycho doesn't love waffles? I mean, they're fluffy." Suddenly he's ravenous, just thinking about the things making his stomach rumble, "You got the little pockets full of syrup. You just cover 'em in whipped cream. Am I right? Anyway, meet me at Waldos', okay?"
"Aw, a shy one." Donna watches with a small smile, and blows on her coffee before taking a sip, "Thanks for the joe, sweetie."
next thing he does?” He shouts the end with a overwhelming flood of emotion, voice cracking.
The demon holds up his hands in acquiesce, "I kid. Heaven knows I could use a little romp around of my own," He winks, "Eh, Cas?"
talk on the phone just this morning. But that was only a business call.
"Well, isn't it?"
”Oh, it was a grand success.” Crowley scowls, and Dean winces at the puffed up purple eye barely resembling an eye.
here. Nobody’d ever seen it before.”
He looks at Sam, who's already peering up at him with a stink look on his face.
"Still with those pocket flicks, huh?"
Asa Fox, turns out, ain't much like that at all.
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean grins, acting like everything is normal. Acting like his heart rate didn't just completely spike out of his chest. Acting like this morning isn't different from all the other mornings before he knew what Cas tasted like. Nope. Everything is
a fight, then. He drops the panties back on the couch, trading them for a binder on the side table to leaf through.
"I thought you were supposed to keep her out of this?" Dean grunts.
In another motel room and on the edge of another town, Castiel lays on another bed in the middle of the night, staring up at yet another water-stained ceiling. This one almost resembles an elephant, if he squints.
Dean usually complains of mosquitos out here, but it seems calm tonight- the only small angered mutterings coming from him have more to do with a stripped screw, its metal grating tired and whining. Another minute, and a precious furrowed brow later, Dean breaks into a smile with a small exalt of joy- the old plate falling into the dirt. He starts in on securing the new one in place.
Cas had half expected Dean to attempt shooting the man on the spot simply for his affiliation with 'the brits,' but the show of a rescue must've softened his response from murderous to a more tempered distrust as they cleaned up the scene on the side of the road. Sam, Dean, and Ketch each grabbed an unconscious figure, dragging them to the patch of grass beside their crisped vehicle.
"Okay, listen to me." He speaks slowly, one hand still on the phone and the other flat out, "I can help your sister, okay? I just need you to trust me here."
"Jeff-" Kelly crawls forward, "Oh my god. Jeff? Oh my god."
"Huh."
of societal progress, and yet, no progress at all..."
Usually when Cas is around they'll enjoy the serenity together for a little while. Sam'll make a little bit extra coffee and bring a cup out to the library where Cas is lounging in one of the chairs, poring through some book and waiting for them to wake. He usually pretends he's been reading something actually scholarly, but- Sam's gone for groceries with Dean- he knows how many of those cheap pocket romance novels his brother buys for the guy.
we should still talk about it."
"Yeah, I know."
"Wait... Rowena? Crowley?" He sputters, "Been a little busy there, pal. You couldn't have mentioned any of this on the phone last night?"
Sam breaks the silence, "Who ever thought we'd get here, huh?"
"Surprised you still had my old one in there."
"Scratch that- since when do you
"Sam!" Dean calls, barreling to the front door, "Sammy!"
." He swipes a hand down his face, glancing over his shoulder before continuing, "Christ, I feel like an asshole saying that, but... that's why it's so... shitty. I don't know."
"Why am I an exception?" Cas dusts off an old Skynyrd tape
"You think the stories about Asa are crazy, you should hear what they say about
The bunker's quiet in the mornings. It's quiet most of the time, really, but when Dean's still sacked out the silence is especially noticeable.
"So, uh, you two, huh?"
She snorts, side-eyeing him, "Could say the same to you. You don't seem much like the housewife type."
Something that might be the source of that sinking fear churning inside his own gut.
"Hey," Sam ignores him completely, gently slapping the file folder in his hands against Dean's chest, "About yesterday..."
"Fine." John reaches again for the bottle, opening Sam's laptop.
Girl completely ignores him- Sure, don't introduce yourself or anything- and walks right past to the center of the room- "You-" he starts, but she pays him no mind. He just shuts the door behind her, since she can't be bothered with that either, apparently.
He knows... he knows there's even more drifting away right as he's saying all this. Even... he brings a hand to his head, rubbing his temples.
He resists the urge to check his own phone again, eyes zeroing in on Crowley's screen. But he's too fast and tilts it away with a taunting smile.
Cas had the trenchcoat lazily placed over the desk chair, and only wore his white button down. None of the blood or black goo remained, to which Dean was grateful. He couldn’t have that extra reminder right now of just how close Cas was to slipping from his grasp.
He might've actually considered it, a fearful look passing over his face as he realizes just how serious Dean is, but sobers upon meeting eyes with his colleague again, "She's ours. We'll take care of her. Now... I'm here to extend an olive branch. We want to work with you-"
Dean overly reacts with an audible "
Sam says it all by saying nothing. No shock, no confusion, no "what feelings?" Just a deep breath like he's been waiting for this for a long time. "I've... had some suspicions over the years."
That way, at least Cas'll know. But Dean won't be there to see
"Yeah, that was, uh, it was awful." He shrugs, "But, I mean, come on, man. She cut herself, right? It wasn't like..."
"Never seen a blade like that before," John says as he drops his hand, watching Cas carefully pocket it inside his jacket.
“You think I’d make a difference now?”
Big hunter's funerals are one of these aspects that's gone unexplored. They have their friends, and they throw together small pyres for them and pour a few out, then that's the end of it.
“This time he’s on his own. Partly it’s a test, and partly I wanted some time with Sammy. Should be no problem for Dean. Ghosts of two nuns haunting St. Stephen’s Indian Mission in Riverton, Wyoming. Simple salt-and-burn mission. Nuns in love with each other, then discovered. Killed themselves.”
"I remember my first moments on Earth. It was jarring." Cas continues, tilting his head, offering a nod of solidarity.
"If you're talking about television again, I haven't seen what you're referencing."
clears his throat, tapping Cas’ shoulder, “Alright. Come on.”
"Which one? Barry worked for the richest families in town." He ducks into the car, slamming the door behind him.
"You-" a strong sigh blows out the mic, and Cas starts again, "You think this is funny?"
Finally, Cas cuts in, looking directly to Dean, "Do you think it's them?"
Don’t you get it? This is
Cas has always thought Mary might like that. Her son’s personal guardian angel always watching over him.
Eileen: No one that high up (worried frown emoji)
"No. I
unfixeable, she'll be the first one he comes after.
Cas: Tell them hello from me
He should just kill her on the spot, but she’s hardly the biggest problem right now.
Cas: (Thumbs up emoji)
This silent drive feels a lot different from the last, seeing as its silence is more out of necessity and vigilance than anything else.
" John spits. He doesn't raise his voice but his tone cuts through like razors anyway.
"I can't find them." Cas says reluctantly, "I need... help."
Up until recently Dean always figured he'd be able to know Cas, even if he had to change bodies. Then Dean stood there and talked to Lucifer for days... looking him right in the eye. It's a certain kind of cruelty to know for sure now- he'll never be able to truly know Cas to his core. He's an enigma. Something entirely beyond comprehension. What's worse is Cas knows now, too- the two people he's closest to in this world and they don't know him when he's not wearing Jimmy's face.
and more whispered conversation.
It's the right call. He knows this. He also knows, however, that he could easily dispatch each of these men with hardly an effort. Of course, then, the singular thought that gives him pause is the probability of a stray bullet centering in on either of the brothers.
He feels it most here in the mundane because this is when he gets to feel the most human again. He gets to feel the gust of wild wafting through his hair, a chill rippling through as the night wanes on. He gets to simply watch Dean work with his hands on a car like a normal man- the type of man he deserves to be.
"Uh, yeah, he's- he's around. Still a good buddy."
Her gaze falls, face twisting like she's trying extremely hard not to break, maybe because if she breaks she'll get whipped again.
Sam: No reason, just curious
He laughs, "Cause you can drop that one right here. I'm good. A little pissed. A little hungry. But I know how to deal with dad."
"Cas or dad, yeah I got it." he raises the phone to his ear, a muffled voice picking up on the other end, he turns away, lowering his voice, "Yeah, well, we need your help Rowena."
He lunges- knife out, blade slicing through the air. Dean manages to duck back last second, fending off the flying arm with his own forearm. He tries to grab hold of John's arm to twist the blade from his grasp, but John's too fast- he drops the blade, catching it with his less dominant hand, swiping out, grazing Dean's ribs in the process.
He shifts in place, letting out a resigned sigh, "Sam-"
John passes a beer to Dean, another to Sam, cracking his own open and taking a swig with a frown.
But that’s... fuck, that’s bad. That’s not what he thinks. Not really. He loves his dad,
Cas, however, seems to get even more frustrated at that sentiment, "If Ishim can help me find whoever killed Benjamin, then I have to."
He turns and makes his way to the coffee machine, finding the brew still hot and nearly full. Dean starts pouring himself a cup when Cas makes his way to the kitchen, looking like he just rolled fresh out of bed.
looks at Cas. Because the way that he looks at him... how did Cas ever utter the words
as Cas always is. He deserves someone that doesn't make him watch stupid movies that he probably doesn't even like. He deserves someone that knows what the fuck he's talking about when he says shit about bees. He just deserves
"I don't know," Cas answers just as quickly, disregarding the new problem of John in favor of focusing on the previous- Sam, "We came back here, there was a woman waiting for us. She blasted me away. I don't know
Sam: Also something I can do here tho...
Now he's turning red, making the situation entirely worse.
“Hello, Dean. Something going on?” Cas tilted his head, furrowing his brow in that usual Cas fashion.
Cas pulls himself to his feet, stepping in closer. As a sign of trust, or remorse maybe. Dean, however, stiffens at the movement- at the closing of distance between the angel and his potential death-bringer.
He’d put up a stink about it just for show, of course. But likelihood is, everyone would see right through that just like they seem to see through everything else when it comes to Dean about Cas.
Sam snickers, unaware of Dean’s internal panic, “He’s texting Cas.”
Dean shoves the creature off, cementing a kick deep in its torso. The vampire tumbles to the ground. Cas is grappling with his own creature in the dirt but Dean can't let himself worry about it yet because they need weapons. He hauls ass to the back of the Impala, shoving the key into the trunk, but the vampire is faster and throws him into the dirt, trying to chomp into his neck. Dean manages a head-butt, and this only stuns him a moment but it's enough. He uses it to free one hand just enough to land a solid punch in its jaw, and another, and another, until he turns the tide and clamors on top of the vampire, landing a couple more solid punches, ensuring it stays down this time.
It goes unsaid- he thought Dean would be dead by now. Dean shakes it off, plastering on a too-fake grin. His dad has never known the difference. Probably never cared to.
"She died."
his dad's gonna draw some fucking conclusions. Conclusions that don't exist. And won't ever exist. That's not- It's not-
"Yeah," Sam nods, agreeing, "Maybe we can reason with her."
He chuckles, holding his head up, "Well, I'm not dead yet."
"Yeah, thanks," He mutters.
So, Crowley steals away Princess Peach from the fortress.
"Yeah." He looks his brother in the eye, "Cas, he- he deserves better than that."
"How is this taking away a choice? It'd be giving him one!" He leans forward, gripping the seatback, "Dean can't see when someone gives a shit about him if they're screaming it in his face, but that doesn't mean you don't try-"
Is she responsible after all? And these people- her family- are they trying to stop her? Punish her in some messed up, twisted way?
feel. "But now look at you. You're just sad and pathetically weak."
There was a moment of pure dread when he came back to himself and thought, maybe, he’d been sitting here so long in silence that maybe he hadn’t noticed that time passed straight through him and next time he’d tune into a prayer of Dean’s, thirty years will have passed.
“I wouldn’t,” Sam looks at him, “Vince Vincente is dead.”
It does, but Sam's not supposed to know that. It's not supposed to matter.
His footsteps approach, and Dean visibly stiffens, watching him enter before immediately flicking his eyes back on Kelly's 'missing persons' board.
"Actually, yes. Look at the news."
Abraham laughs along with him, though, and turns back to Dean, "We're not
He raises the gun, held solid between both hands, and aims for the man's chest best he can manage- the man stops in his tracks on the landing, seeing this, and says nothing. Maybe... because he trusts Dean?
"Passes inspection?" Cas jokes, fiddling anxiously with the keys in his pocket.
He likes it
about cowboys, so she may be correct.”
. Not how an angel should- righteous, obedient, uncaring... Instead, he cares, he loves, he has sorrow and grief and fear, all coursing through him at the right times. A hybrid between angel and man- his foot in both realms and not entirely belonging to either one.
The hesitant curl of the corner of his lip, the shy way he looks down and away before breaking wide to a full smile, teeth gleaming through when Dean says something stupid enough to warrant it... He's even found himself trying more and more to say the dumb stuff Cas likes that makes him crack.
Just like Max Miller, years and years ago. A lifetime.
Settled in a mirror to Cas, one arm beneath his head and the other settled between them nearly touching Cas, Dean lets himself break free of his own prison of space, and graze his fingertips over Cas' cheek. He doesn't look at Cas' eyes watching him, but knows they are. Instead, he watches the impact of his own touch on Cas. The parting of his lips, the catching of breath, the chills on the hairs of his neck. And Dean watches all that, while preparing all that he has to say next.
"So... what is it now?" He asks, brows raised.
"Alright, yeah. Um... thanks for the heads up." Dean nods and doesn't respond to whatever Cas' last word in is, instead hanging up abruptly.
"Cas?" He calls next.
Sam doesn’t often check in. When he does, it’s simply that- a check in. A few lines about the only thing that ever changes- their meals, maybe the guard bringing them. Then just reiterating that he’s fine. He’s dealing.
Timer had run out, and Sam was too late to save his big brother.
Who needs to respect their kids, right? Give 'em the time of day? Some peace of mind maybe? An apology?
This is no different from stuff he's always done with Sammy growing up. Cas can't help it if he didn't have a childhood to start finding things he likes, too, or realize the stuff that's not socially acceptable- like standing this close to another guy. Not that this is childish, or any of the things Cas likes are. Dean loves the way he's so passionate about things... stars, flowers, different insects, hell he's even found intrigue in a weirdly shaped rock off the side of the highway one time when Dean stopped to take a piss. It's still in Dean's room somewhere in there.
Reluctantly, he slides his palm from her mouth but still cups it around her chin- in case she tries again to subdue him with any sort of hasty spellwork.
They end up talking for another good hour or so, until the girls realize they should get moving before it gets late. Cas pays, giving the waiter a generous tip, and the three of them head back out to the parking lot.
Cas continues inspecting the piece of food in his hand and Dean laughs, "Dude you have no taste."
It's a shady truck stop diner, no different from the millions of others across the country. A blinding neon sign in the lot promises the best burgers in the Midwest. Just like every other diner in the Midwest does, too.
"What?"
"What you
Sam shifts in his seat, "How often did she visit?"
over there, I can't handle
They're not far now, just a few streets down. He takes out his phone to text Dean, tell him he'll only be a few minutes- Crowley grabs the phone from his hands.
"Thank you, Dean." He pauses, mug halfway to his lips, a small smile there, "You always look beautiful."
with Asa." Sam says, like the sweet, sweet summer child he is.
"You can huff and puff, but that house is on supernatural lockdown." Billie says- and that chick's head is getting way too big for his liking. He swings around to meet her gaze, eyes wide. She doesn't miss a beat, "They can't even hear you."
Cas tilts his head, eyes flicking to Dean, "Both of you?" he arches a brow.
"Dean Winchester." She says it almost pleasantly, like they're old pals just calling to catch up. Still, there's a hardness to her voice at the realization of
Sam fixes him with an empathetic look, "Dean, I don't know what your reservations are here and I know I don't know all the crap that's gone on between you guys over the years, but if I have any two cents to add, it's this: Cas has always been important to me. Always will be. But he's always been something
The door is unlocked when he tries the handle and swings it open- to an empty room. His chest constricts the same moment his phone rings.
that.”
“For the better, though?”
Cas sighs, feeling far too human with this all encompassing minute trouble.
"Whoa..." Dean breathes, mouth agape, reaching a hand out to the handprint- swinging back to Sam excitedly, smacking him in the arm, "
the backup. If I get caught scoping out the joint, I'm the only player on the board they know about aside from Cas. And they locked
responsibility."
John's eyes on him.
"Yes-"
Does Cas actively
Eileen: Big papa caged up too?
of shoving it down his throat that he had to take care of me. 'Take care of Sammy. Look after your little brother.'... How about that? You know how bad that fucked him up? All of it?"
Sam would never admit this to his face, but Dean's the one that brings most of the life to the place. If he's not clanging around in the kitchen, he's cackling along to some dumb sitcom while Cas pretends to be annoyed the next chair over, or he's starting up some records and trying to see how many speakers he needs to string through the hall until the whole place is shaking.
Cas: A long time.
Cas, however, seems to ignore him for the time being, his shoes padding rapidly to Dean's side. He plants a hand on Dean's shoulder, grip unnecessarily firm- though that might be cause Dean's still slightly hunched over, bracing for attack.
And with that, the panic returns. Because Sam was supposed to be his one job and his one friend left on this earth, and he's screwed that up for both of them because if he's not here then he could be anywhere. He could be dead.
"As far as you know."
Of course that's not a strain of luck he would ever be gifted, because as soon as he snuggles closer, the voices in the dining room become more clear. He hears a couple of
That's something he's never been able to get over- just how differently something inhabiting another person can take that skin and make it their own... make it inhuman and stiff and evil in a way that the true owner never has. He's seen it with far too many people he loves- how the monsters mutate their faces from inside their bodies. They make them nothing more than a shell... like that's all any human has ever been- just a bunch of empty vessels waiting to be filled and taken.
That's just far too specific not to mean something where
Halloween, 2008- Cas remembers this to be the first time he actively chose to trust Dean Winchester. Not simply with the town, or with the act of a test born of heaven's own design- but with himself. His own doubts. Something angels were forbidden from, and he just passed along that knowledge to this one man because he'd trusted he would keep that secret. And he did.
with something thick, passing right through in a heated blaze and landing solidly in the dirt, a crater forming around his mass. He gulps in a thin breath that barely touches his lungs, his body still healing from the impact.
Sensing Dean is struggling, Cas drops his eyes to his lips and delicately reaches his hand to caress the corner of Dean's lip with a fingertip, moving on to trace the shape of his nose and up into his hair. Dean closes his eyes and just lets himself give in to being felt. Cas continues on, running his hands through Dean's hair until Dean dips his head down and breaks, snuggling closer to Cas, grappling his arm out blindly to grab onto Cas' shirt. The angel settles his chin on Dean's temple, running his hands down the back of Dean's head, over his neck, and back again.
He lowers his voice to a mild whisper, "Dean? Are you asleep?"
"Get out. I'm sure Hell has plenty of ways to occupy your time for a few hours."
"He could be an agent, or something." Sam frowns, slapping Dean's shoulder.
Which he
He dips his head into the crook of Cas' shoulder and loosens one hand to thread his fingers into the angel's hair and knot themselves there. Eyes starting to gloss, Dean has to urge himself to pull it together. Because now isn't the time. There could still be more vamps out there. They need to call everyone else, do a few rounds, and figure this whole thing out. He takes in a sharp breath and separates suddenly, one hand on Cas' shoulder to steady himself and push away.
This, though, it’s different. Feels different.
So it’s one of
many stories about you Winchesters." She croons, weaving through the bodies glued to the floor, unable to move any limb an inch- and plants her feet firmly on either side of Sam, prodding a teasing finger at his face, "And... I desperately want the Lucifer thing to be true. The idea that he left a meat suit alive is just so deliciously weak."
Dean peeks over his shoulder at his father's room. Shades drawn, no visible movement.
When Dean looks back at Cas, the angel seems to be deep in thought.
“Oh...” Somehow Cas looks even more confused, “Of course.”
He grins, offering a parting wink, "I think I can oblige."
And Dean chose to take that moment. Cas placed the mixtape squarely on the desk corner and turned back to the door. Dean closed the distance between them before he could think about it, and pulled Cas into a bearhug.
sees him. There’s a beauty there. A vulnerability and a sadness.
"No." John's voice cuts through like glass, "C'mon, Dean."
It's not over there, though. Dean may have a few more years under his belt where combat's concerned, but that only makes him an even match for John- instead of collapsing to his knees, John only dips down a second, managing to save his stance and wrap his arms around Dean's torso, charging forward and sending them both tumbling into the grass.
Dean doesn't answer, merely sparing a side-eye and letting out a grumbling huff of breath. Why haven't coffee machines exited the stone-age yet? At this rate he'll be standing here when he's old and grey, hitting the thing with a cane.
Sam claps a hand on the cold tabletop, "Alright. I'm hittin' the hay. See you guys in the mornin'."
"Guess so. Just weird having him back." He keeps saying that a lot, like there's more he feels about it but can't quite find the wording for.
Dean lets Cas go, clearing his throat. It's a thing he does when he's starting to get too vulnerable for his liking. He moves to lean back against the truck, their thighs up against each other, arms touching. Dean buries his hands back in his pockets and his eyes drag down Cas' face one more time with an unreadable expression before looking back up at the stars.
. But Dean's realizing he likes it. And he's letting himself like it. His face heats up and he stares down at the fire catching, but he can't even find it in him to pretend to react when he hears Kaia whisper to Claire, "I think they're cute."
The waiter starts weaving through tables towards theirs, a second man in tow and both holding plates in their arms. He sets a chicken and pasta dish of some kind in front of Alex, a prime rib in front of Claire, and a simple salad for Cas. Claire enthusiastically and violently starts cutting into the steak with a ravenous grin on her face.
Dean swallows, looking Ishim square in the eye, "You know, Cas and I might not agree all the time, but at least he knows who his real friends are."
He throws a right hook, Lucifer tilts back so it's a miss, and merely continues, sneering, "I know what a weak, duty-bound..." Cas throws another punch, and it's dodged again.
(past time, unknown)
He's called both Sam and Dean going on at least fifteen times by now. Neither has picked up. Both phones stopped ringing entirely around the eighth call, instead just going directly to voicemail. He tried not to let that fact completely terrify him, and he probably called half a dozen more times to each out of panic more than anything else.
Cas starts inching away, keeping his eyes downward awkwardly, clearly uncertain how to exit without being obvious about it.
"Oh, so you're those types- No." Kelly sighs, too, resigned, and falls back to take a seat on the bed, "You're making it up. It's impossible."
Ishim waves a hand down the length of Cas' torso with a passive dissmissal, "Now look how far he's fallen."
Instead of flipping the disk he sheaths that album and returns it, pulling out one from behind. Zepp IV. Side B, third track.
It makes him wonder when it started. What made John justify it in his own head?
Can't bring that story up to Sam, though. He'd just get an eye full of puppydog pity for that one, and the same overbearing amount of concern. Last thing he needs is that.
When did shit start getting so complicated? So never ending?
Cas: If you're referring to John, no. He wasn't there
He sits up, and tries again, "Magda Peterson?"
"Uh, yeah, you have." Sam chuckles, "Trust me."
He shakes his head.
Unamused, Kelly stares at him, shoulders hunched over her hands clasped tightly around the glass, "Who are you people?"
Dean's having a good day, he thinks.
”Oh, yeah. Bring the cops into this. He’ll kill everyone in this room, then we ring the dinner bell with round two. ‘Oh, all done? Here’s some SWAT dolls to play with next, Lucifer.’” Dean clenches his jaw, “Aces.”
What else could possibly-
deal with it. Just like I had to.”
Cas: I'm not certain what he does with his evenings but I'm at a motel for the time being
He nods like that's something that should be known already, and assumed to be understandable.
It's late in the day, nearing sunset if not already past there by the time a prayer finally comes through in the form of a whisper so soft he might've thought he only imagined it if the words didn't continue.
"You don't act like it. You keep avoiding him."
But Cas does hear it, of course he does. What’s worse about it is his posture doesn’t change, his face doesn’t change, and his eyes... god, his eyes. His eyes stay right on Dean, and soften, if it’s even possible for Cas’ eyes to grow any softer as they look at Dean.
