The chart was something that Tony had created at the insistence of Steve, a digital record of where everyone is when. It was a giant calendar that was projected on the wall, and contained when people were out of town or when they would be visiting the tower, as well as any events or practices that the team had.
“What if we had a group of main caregivers with the rest of us acting as support?” Natasha asked. “The mains would have to live here full-time, be around enough that they would be able to provide Pete with a routine. They would also have to be comfortable around him.” Natasha looked around. Clint was immediately out of the question, as well as Bruce, Thor and Jane. She didn’t think she was around enough to contend, and Sam also lived away more often than not. Wanda was too young to raise a kid and Vision was still working on expressing emotion, thus crossing him off the list.
Steve crossed to the sofa and perched on the edge of the coffee table. He was still in full Captain America regalia.
“Yes, well, we have a complicated relationship.” Loki looked down at his closed book and then up at Pete. He sighed loudly, but there was a mischievous glint in his eye. “This book was boring anyway. Where are the cookies?”
Steve let Pete and Christine lead the way to the room, where they had painstakingly set up a small cot for Christine to sleep on the one night she would be with them.
She knocked on the door, opening it a crack and peering in. “Pete? I have some visitors here to see you.” She opened the door completely, revealing a small bedroom with a bed pushed up against the opposite wall, an armoire and a table. At the table was a small boy of about four, pencil gripped firmly in his hand and his tongue sticking out in concentration. As his door opened, Pete looked up, blinking owlishly from behind thick black frames.
The Avengers had received, through the PR team that handled them, a request for them to investigate a young boy who seemed to be displaying some sort of powers. When Tony had asked why someone at S.H.I.E.L.D. wasn’t handling it, Clint had butted in with a “you really want some kid thrown to a bunch of scientists?” All of the Avengers quickly decided together that they would at least look into it. They had sent Steve and Tony, as the semi-official leaders of the team, to scope out the situation and see if it was worth their time.
“Right, of course.” Steve looked at Tony panicked. It was June now- they only had a few months to get him enrolled. They hadn’t talked about schooling, or not in such a real, immediate way.
“Wanda, Vision, Thor? You’ve all been very quiet, how would you feel about the introduction of a child into the tower?”
“Yeah, thank you,” Pete said quietly, looking a little overwhelmed. He looked up at Tony, confusion and timid excitement warring on his face.
“This is your bed,” Pete said proudly after flicking on the lights to his room. “It’s right beside mine. That way if you get scared I’ll be right there.” They had talked with Pete about how Christine might get scared in a new place and how to help her with that.
Thor woke with a start, snorting loudly and shooting into a sitting position, clutching Pete to his chest.
Steve smiled and wrapped an arm around Pete’s middle. “It’s alright, buddy, there’s worse things you could’ve done with Uncle Thor and Uncle Loki. We’ll call this one a win.”
“Hi Pete, my name’s Clint, codename Hawkeye. I like shooting things with my bow and arrow, climbing trees, and my favourite colour is purple.”
“Okay, that’s okay,” Tony soothed, reaching up and wrapping a hand around one of Pete’s. He gently pried it from the ceiling and, as if he had been suction cupped to the ceiling, losing one point of contact seemed to release the others. Pete tumbled into Tony’s arms, who caught him and tried not to fall off the chair. Steve placed a stabilizing hand on Tony’s back, helping him get down from the chair.
Tony walked towards the table, looking at the papers sprawled out before Pete. “How old are you, Pete?” Tony asked.
“Hello everyone, let’s get started. Welcome, welcome. Let’s start with a welcome song.” She clapped her hands together.
“We’ve got a special dessert for you tonight, too,” Tony said, barely containing his grin. He was greatly anticipating showing Pete the cake he had ordered.
When they were done, they gathered the crafts they had made and slid them into a small bag provided by Shirley.
Steve and Pete rejoined Tony a little while later, and together they all went to the car. It was a quiet ride home, Christine only waking when they pulled into the tower.
The supper was a boisterous one, with Thor enthusiastically chatting away with anyone who would listen, and Pete mostly talking to Tony, but participating in some other conversations as well.
“Yeah, Claire buys me math books that teach me how to do math. And if I have questions, she helps me. Science ones, too.”
“Now Pete, you don’t have to eat that whole pizza, we’ll have what you can’t finish boxed up and you can bring it back to the home with you.”
It was a hole-in-the-wall place that had opened just before Steve had been injected with the serum. He had been thrilled to see that it had survived into the twenty first century and had taken Tony there on their first date. It had kept it’s 20s appearance with modern renovations to keep it up to standard, which was another reason Steve was so charmed with it. Small tables complete with white cloth tablecloths, wooden chairs with high backs and lamps hanging over every table were part of the appeal.
“We’ll talk about it when the time comes,” Steve said as the doors slid open. “For now, this is it.”
“Oh Pete,” Steve murmured. “It’s okay,” he continued. “We’ll just change your pyjamas and the sheets, no worries.”
“Four and a half,” he replied quietly. Tony’s eyebrows shot into his hairline and he whistled, impressed.
“I made this for you,” Pete said, sliding a piece of paper towards Steve and Tony shyly. On it was two shakily drawn figures, one with red, white and blue stripes and the other with red and gold blobs decorating it.
“Thanks,” Pete said shyly, sliding into the backseat. Tony took his place in the driver’s seat, and Steve slid into the passenger seat.
Pete finally opened his eyes, tears still glazed over them. He nodded sadly before burying his face back into Tony’s neck.
“Great, well all you need to do is sign some papers and you can get this weekend started.” She turned to Pete. “Pete, why don’t you wait outside with Hank?”
“So how did it go?” Natasha asked them as soon as they had entered the perimeter of the lounge area.
When they got back to the tower, they were met in the common living room by the entire team.  Everyone was perched on the two large sofas and many armchairs scattered throughout the room. Clint and Natasha were on one end of one of the couches, Sam sat next to them. Bruce was in an armchair on his own beside them, Vision in the armchair next to Bruce’s and Wanda perched on the arm. Thor was lounging on the other sofa with his feet in Jane’s lap.
“How would this work, if we did take him in? We’ve all got different ideas on how to raise a child, I’m sure,” Sam asked.
“Welcome to your new home,” FRIDAY answered. The elevator doors dinged as they slid open, revealing the common floor.
“You’re doing as much as you can, as am I,” Claire responded. “I have dealt with the children responsible already. There’s no need to worry.”
“Since it’s your special day, you get the spot of honour,” Steve explained as he took the chair next to him.
“Oh gosh, Pete, no of course not,” Tony said quickly. “In fact, it is our active duty to make sure you are never harmed by the bad guys. F.RI.D.A.Y. will help us there.”
“It’s silly, but I feel like he’s ours already, and we’re abandoning him,” Steve mumbled as they drove away, the image of Pete waving frantically burned into his mind.
When Steve and Tony pulled up to the home Friday late afternoon, Pete was already sat on the step with a small suitcase packed beside him. Hank was perched on the step next to him, talking quietly with him. When he saw the car pull up, Pete leapt to his feet and waved energetically.
They had a couple more weekend visits and all seemed to be going well. They were on their way to pick Pete up for one of the last weekend sessions before he would move in with them full time. They would foster Pete until a court day could be set for them to adopt him. They were moving faster than normal, but between Claire and Hank they all thought it would be best to move the process along quickly.
“That’s right,” Tony said, smiling at the man and fiddling the pen that he had been obsessively clicking throughout the entire home check.
Claire slid over papers and two pens. Steve and Tony quickly signed the sheets and passed one back, keeping the other for their own records.
The girl shook her head, pointing at the door to the office, the stairs, the ceiling above the stairs, and the boys once more.
“I didn’t pee,” Pete said, sounding almost insulted while withdrawing his hands slowly from under the blanket. Strings of white dripped from his wrist to his fingers and into the blankets.
“I could eat,” Steve replied, wrapping up the chord on his headphones. “Just let me get changed then we’ll look at lunch.”
“Stabbing is mean.” Pete pushed up the glasses that had slid down to the edge of his nose while he was looking down.
“Claire!” Pete called, revealing his excitement in the sheer volume of his voice. Steve and Tony were taken aback- they had never heard Pete talk above more than a murmur. “They’re here!”
Tony got lost once more in explaining his upgrades to Pete, barely registering Steve coming out of the bedroom and heading into the kitchen after stopping to fondly watch them on the sofa.
“Okay, but only one,” he smiled fondly at the two of them and went to start getting drinks for everyone. By the time he had finished setting everything out, Tony and Pete had put the tablet away and were sitting at the dining table.
Steve left them to it, going into the kitchen to check on dinner. Clint was at the counter grating cheese while Natasha stood diligently over spitting taco meat.
“Math,” Pete answered simply, looking down at his paper. Steve put a hand on the back of Pete’s chair, leaning down beside him to peer closely at the paper.
“Thanks.” They stepped off the elevator and were greeted raucously by their teammates, who were assembled in the living room. The main group was there- they had decided collectively that this weekend, only people who primarily resided at the tower should be there. That meant that Natasha, Clint, Thor, Wanda, Vision and Bruce were all waiting for them in the communal living room. Others who occasionally stayed over, like Phil or Pepper, had been banned for the weekend.
Pete finished off his plate, taking a bite of salad at Steve’s insistence but leaving the rest untouched.
“How comfortable you were with Christine today.” Steve looked sideways at Tony. “Her and Pete get on well.”
Pete didn’t answer but a shudder shook through his whole body. Tony climbed onto the chair, reaching up and grabbing Pete’s shoulders and knees.
“And I don’t think I would trust myself around a kid full-time,” Bruce said. He had only returned a couple months ago from what he deemed his “soul searching mission” and was still a little wary of being around other humans.
When they pulled into the home, the front step was unusually empty. Pete was usually waiting there for them. Steve looked at Tony.
“That’s the one,” Steve said. They had been talking about wanting to visit the Children’s Museum for the Arts, but hadn’t managed to get there yet.
“Hi Pete, I’m Bruce,” he said from beside Clint, ignoring him. “Codename the Hulk. I like doing yoga, chemistry and my favourite colour is also purple.”
“There’s really no need to apologize, Pete,” Tony said groggily, still fighting his way out of sleep.
Steve emerged from the kitchen a while later, two plates piled high with sandwiches and two bags of chips under his arms.
“No, but we want to because we’re excited you’re coming to live with us,” Tony explained as he sat on Pete’s other side. Vision had drifted in and was taking a seat beside Wanda. Thor sat beside Steve, with Natasha on his other side.
Meanwhile Tony and Peter made small explosions and tinkered with Tony’s bots on the other side of the room. The relative quiet of the room was interrupted by F.R.I.D.A.Y. around mid-afternoon.
“Good girl. Thank you for your help.” Steve left the girl at the foot of the stairs and went up to Pete’s room.
“I’m just going to be over here, sketching,” Steve answered. He had sat himself on a sofa in the corner. Quickly after moving in, they had set up what Steve affectionately called his “sketching corner”. It was two sofas, a low table and a side table filled with sketching equipment.
Steve put a handful of plain chips and a sandwich onto the plate, sliding it in front of Pete. He piled a plate with three sandwiches and a mountain of chips onto another plate, putting it down on the table. Tony had already grabbed a plate and was placing his sandwiches and chips onto it.
“Yeah, bud,” Steve answered, ruffling Pete’s hair. “I’ll grab your bag, Christine, and you can head to the car with Tony.”
Tony put his hand on Pete’s knee. “Pete, buddy, you have to know that’s not true,” Tony said, ducking his head again to try and meet Pete’s eyes. “We already love you so, so much. Pete, can you look at me?” Pete closed his eyes and cried harder, sobs shaking his body. “Oh geez. Pete, come here.” Tony opened his arms and waited until Pete flung his arms around Tony’s neck. “We could never ever get tired of you, and you don’t have problems. Sure, maybe you have accidents or nightmares sometimes, but that’s perfectly fine. I have nightmares too, and so does Steve. It doesn’t make you a freak. And sure, you’re not ordinary, you’re extraordinary Pete, and we are so lucky to have met you. Okay?” Pete kept sobbing into Tony’s shoulder, but nodded his head. Steve leaned down and wrapped both of them in a tight hug and rested his lips on top of Pete’s head for a moment. Then he pulled away and knelt down so he was eye-level with Pete.
“Alrighty, here we go,” Tony said as he parked the car. All three of them got out, Pete practically sprinting up the steps. Tony and Steve followed at a more sedate pace, hand in hand.
“That’s okay,” Tony finally chimed in from behind Steve. “We can sit on the sofa and watch movies. How does that sound?”
“Yeah!” Pete answered, turning to Christine. “It’ll be so much fun! There’s paints and stuff and we don’t just have to look at art, we can MAKE art!”
“Sure,” Tony said, a little quieter but still smiling. He cut a big corner piece and set it in front of Pete. “There you go, Pete,” he ran his free hand down the back of Pete’s head quickly before reaching for the next plate.
Steve, recognizing the look on Pete’s face, crouched down so he was level with the boy. “You won’t get in trouble, Pete. I promise.” Pete stood and walked around Steve, holding his hand out towards a wall. Quicker than Steve or Tony could track, a line of white flew from Pete’s hand and stuck to the wall.
Tony and Steve looked at each other. “Pete, would you want to come live with us, if it was possible?” Steve asked him.
“Alright crazies, let’s go get changed.” Steve looked back at Thor. “Thanks for looking after him. See you at dinner.”
“Okay, well then I think I’m ready to make my assessment. The Tower, overall, has been adapted successfully to be safe for a four year old. I would add safeties on the drawers in the kitchen but otherwise, everything looks good.”
“I’ll get right on that,” Steve answered with a smile, going to the sink and washing his hands before picking up the knife. He set to deftly chopping up the lettuce, putting it all in a bowl he found under the counter. When he was done, he brought the bowl out to the large dining table. Thor and Bruce had already set it so it was a matter of finding an open spot for him to place the bowl. When he had, he went into the living room, where Tony and Pete were still bent over the tablet.
“There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.” Loki took a moment to look at Pete. “The first sensible Midgardian romance I’ve read.”
“Yup, she runs the whole tower since JARVIS and Vision sort of… well, let’s just say it’s complicated and leave it there, alright?”
“Come on in.” She led them inside the house and to another room. “I’d like to have a word with you two before you take Pete today.”
“Just some designs for Cap’s armour,” he said, zooming out so that Pete could see the whole design. He went on to explain the changes he was making and why he was making them, zooming in and pulling up equations. He had a feeling that most of it was going over Pete’s head, but he sat there raptly, nodding along with everything Tony was saying.
“Yeah, he does,” Tony agreed, leaning against Steve. As they were watching, a woman approached them.
“I’m four years, three months and seven days old,” Pete said. “I like bugs and doing math and science. I also like drawing.” Pete looked at them. “What about you?”
Steve and Tony stepped out of the sports car, looking up at the two-storey house sprawled out in front of them. It was sandwiched between two other houses that were equally as ramshackle and wide-spread. It looked as if the people who had built the street had tried to fill each lot with as much building as possible, leaving little space between houses.
“We’ll head up to our floor, drop Christine’s bag in your room, and then we thought we’d have pizza on our floor, tonight.”
A chorus of ‘goodnight’s and ‘sleep well’s followed them to the elevator. Steve made sure to grab Pete’s bag before getting on.
“Pretty big day, huh bud?” Steve asked as he wrapped an arm around Pete’s shoulders, leading him out of the elevator and to his room.
The little girl turned back and laid a finger to her lips, tugging him a little further down the hall. They reached a doorway and Steve peered in; he was met with the sight of a well furnished living room, kids of all ages scattered on various pieces of furniture. The little girl pointed to a corner of the room where three boys sat. When Steve looked at her blankly, she pointed up the stairs, and then emphatically back at the boys.
They pulled up to the orphanage, a wave of emotion flowing over them. Although they had only spent a handful of hours total at the building, it held memories already treasured by them all. Pete was in the backseat, practically bouncing with excitement at getting to see his friend.
“As long as your keeping it on your mind,” Claire said. “Now, about Claire’s stay. It will be similar to when Pete spent weekends with you- you will sign an agreement that gives you all responsibility for her actions and safety this weekend. Does that sound good to you guys?”
“Well, I think this is a good place to leave it today as long as you don’t have anymore questions, Pete?” Claire asked, interrupting them.
“Heartrate 120, temperature 100 Farenheit, breath faster than resting. Suggested course of action: intervention.”
“Of course,” Steve said, putting Pete’s bag down beside the bed. “Now, we’re just down the hall. The bathroom beside this room is yours to use. If you need anything at all, come grab us, okay?”
“No kidding,” Tony said, scooping Pete up and tossing him over his shoulder. “Now, I’m taking these spoils of war to my room as a pre-dinner snack!”  Tony made fake chomping noises.
The next week was a busy blur of home visits from their new case worker, Hank, Tony downloading every parenting book available onto his tablet and leaving sticky notes with important excerpts for Steve on their fridge and cleaning the entire Tower from top to bottom.
Steve sighed. “Stats, F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” It was a shorthand Steve had built with the A.I. to measure the severity of Tony’s panic attacks and nightmares.
“Well generally we do a home check first and, when the house is deemed safe for the child, there are a few visits to make sure that both parties are compatible. Then, the child will spend a weekend at the home, to see if it is still a good fit and will be integrated into the home. Finally, the child will be legally adopted after the set court date.”
“He’s stronger than most of the kids his age,” Claire said when it was obvious that Pete wasn’t going to answer. “And he’s got heightened senses, except for his sight.”
“It means that some of the other kids maybe weren’t very nice to you?” Tony prompted while Steve clenched a fist at his side.
They were met with a chorus of goodnights and sweet dreams as the three of them stepped onto the elevator. Pete let out a big yawn, covering his mouth with his hand. The elevator landed on their floor and the doors silently slid open.
The team returned from their mission a few hours later, and Steve and Tony were greeted with the sight of Thor and Pete stretched out on the sofa, Thor’s head resting on Loki’s thigh. Thor was asleep, Pete stretched out on top of him and also fast asleep. The two cookie boxes had been pushed onto the floor, a few crumbs spilling out onto the floor. A third and fourth were on the low coffee table beside the sofa. Loki was reading quietly, book in one hand and the other arm stretched across the back of the sofa.
Hey, you’re okay, buddy. We’re here for you. We’ll always be here for you. We promise.” He put his hand on Pete’s shoulder. “Now, you take your time, and when you’re up to it, Tony will help you finish packing so that we can get this weekend started, okay?”
“Whoa Pete, slow down,” Steve said with a chuckle when he noticed the boy keeping pace with him. “Are you always this hungry?”
That came to an abrupt halt when there was a crash from the kitchen, and a loud shout followed by the blur of a small figure racing down the hall.
“Is that us, Pete? That’s great, thank you!” Steve said, pulling the paper closer and angling it towards Tony.
For the rest of the car ride all the way through them being seated at the restaurant, Pete told them about his week.
“Well I for one am looking forward to having a piece of this cake!” Steve said, putting a reassuring hand on Pete’s back. “Tony, why don’t you dish up?”
“Pete?” he asked, peering inside the dark room. He flicked the light on, but saw no sight of Pete and left, leaving the door open.
“Oh sh-“ he cut himself off, not wanting to scare Pete. He was plastered to the ceiling belly first, seemingly hanging off the ceiling by sheer will. “Hey, Pete,” he said quietly, keeping eye contact and reaching towards Pete slowly. “You’re okay, bud.” He moved so that he was directly under Pete, Steve moving quickly to his side. “Can you come down?”
“We thought we’d help you unpack,” Tony told him as they dropped the bags on the floor. “Then we’ll have dinner with everyone.”
The next time he woke up, Pete’s head was in his lap and he was fast asleep. Steve was sitting up, wide awake.
“Okay, let’s head in, then,” Steve said, putting his hand on Pete’s back and steering him inside the house.
The three of them ate chocolate chip pancakes until their bellies were full. Then they all got dressed and ready for the day.
“So, what are we watching?” he asked as he sat beside Pete, Steve on Pete’s other side. Pete was clutching a dark brown bear that Tony had noticed on the bed beside him.
“Okay, thank you for helping me out,” Steve said, looking in once more and memorizing the boys’ faces. He desperately wanted to go in and give them a piece of his mind but refrained from doing so, knowing it would only make Pete’s life worse. “You’ll keep an eye out for him, won’t you?”
“This was one of my favourites as a kid,” Tony said, crossing to perch on the bed and show Pete the cover. It was “The Gruffalo”, and Pete watched enraptured as Tony opened the book.
Steve bought their family ticket, and they all headed into the small room. There were a few other children and parents scattered throughout the room. Steve let go of Pete’s hand and Tony let go of Christine’s, urging them together.
“Got it!” Steve called back, reaching into a cupboard for the ever-present bag of M&M’s. He handed the bag to Pete to hold. Grabbing an assortment of canned pops and the bag of popcorn, Steve led the way back into the living room. The three of them settled onto one of the sofas, Natasha, Thor and Clint spread across another and Bruce, Wanda and Vision curled up on the third. Snacks were evenly distributed among the sofas and F.R.I.D.A.Y. started the movie unprompted. As the opening scene began, Pete snuggled closer into the sofa. He hid his face in Tony’s arm when the fish attacked the anemone, and Tony slung his arm around Pete’s shoulders.
“Ever since I can remember,” Pete answered. “I ‘member that I got really sick and I was hot and cold and I threw up a lot and then I woke up and I could shoot the web and lift heavy things.”
“Well, I think it’s time for us to go,” Tony said, looking at his watch. “It was good to meet you, Pete, and we’ll see you soon, okay?”
“I don’t believe that,” Tony said, crossing over to the bed and kneeling down so he could try and get in Pete’s line of sight. “Claire said you had an altercation.”
Steve left the room quietly, anger thrumming below the surface. He stalked back to where he had left Claire, to find her with the baby still in her lap, working on paperwork.
“Pete!” Thor greeted from where he was setting out plates. “We are having roast beef and potatoes!” Natasha was at the stove, mashing potatoes and Wanda was carving the beef.
“You’re okay,” he said, rocking him and placing small kisses on Pete’s head. He continued to soothe him as Steve sat down beside him, laying a comforting hand on Pete’s leg.
“Pete?” he called, going over to the closet and opening it. He peered in, but didn’t see Pete on the floor or in any corners, so he shut the closet and moved back into the room. He noticed Steve looking under the bed but he stood up a few seconds later, shaking his head.
“Different’s not a bad thing, Pete.” Tony ached to reach out but resisted. “What else did they say?”
Pete looked at her apprehensively from his spot at the table. Nervously, he fiddled with the pencil in his hands.
“And I do not mind either way,” Wanda said. “It might not be a bad thing to have young energy in the tower.”
“Talk to you later,” Tony said as they all turned and left. As Steve packed Pete’s meager possessions into the trunk, Tony helped Pete buckle into the back seat, much as they had every other time Pete stayed over. Although the process was the same, it felt so much different this time.
“I hope you do. Have a good day.” With a nod, he turned and walked out of the room. He had just reached the bottom of the stairs when a little girl came running up to him. She was about five or six, with dark hair messily pulled into two pigtails.
“I was thinking that I would do some experiments today. Wanna give me a hand?” Tony asked when they had exited the elevator.
They dropped him off at the home after lunch, each giving him a tight hug and promising they would see him soon. Tony snuck a chocolate bar and small robot into Pete’s bag before letting him go.
“Well that wouldn’t happen, but in the very unlikely chance that it did I’ve also got back up lockdown procedures set in place any time that power is cut or there is sign of hacking in my systems. Those are the only conceivable ways that my A.I. could fail and even then, the chances are very slim.”
They walked out of the elevator and into the apartment. In front of them, the living room stretched out and led to an open-space kitchen on their right. A hall to their left led to the two bedrooms and the guest bathroom.
“Look Pete, we obviously won’t be able to take you with us today. We’re going to go back to the tower and talk to the rest of the team and, assuming everything goes well, we’ll start the process to become your foster family.” Steve looked up to Claire. “I’m not sure what the process is, but I’m sure Claire will walk us through.”
“I was thinking we could build a rocket.” At Steve’s panicked look, Tony hastened to add ”a small rocket, of course.”
“M hm,” Pete answered, straightening one out before turning to Steve and Tony. He pointed to the last backpack. Tony obediently opened it and fished out the robot and teddy bear.
Steve heaved himself out of bed. “Okay, let’s go, Tony.” Without waiting to see if Tony was following, Steve padded out of their room and to Pete’s down the hall. He tapped gently on the door and waited for a response. All he could hear, however, was quiet whimpering.
“Coming!” she called back, appearing a moment later at the top of the stairs and meeting them at the door. “Pete has been very excited for the visit, he’s been telling all the other kids about it.”
“Okay,” Pete said, picking up one slice and putting half of it in his mouth in one go. Tony grinned at his enthusiasm and picked up a slice from his own pizza, putting it not quite as enthusiastically in his own mouth. They ate in silence for a while, Pete making his way through half his pizza at almost the same rate as Steve.
Everyone else introduced themselves one by one, each giving their name, codename, two activities they liked and one favourite colour. It was the formula that Steve had prescribed to try and help Pete cope with meeting so many new people at once. When they were done, Steve took over again.
“I believe that it will have no effect on me. If you believe it is best for the child and for the team, I fully support bringing him to the tower,” Vision said.
A few days later found the entire team going back to the home. They were all crammed around what seemed to be the common dining area. Pete was sandwiched between Claire and Steve, with Tony on Steve’s other side and the rest of the Avengers sprawled out around the table.
“Thanks! Remember this robot?” Pete went over to where the robot that Tony had gotten him now rested on his bookshelf. “He lives here now. I have lots of books.”
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked when they were sat at Claire’s desk. The baby on Claire’s lap blinked curiously at them from the other side of the desk.
Once the blocks were clean, Steve led them over to the carpet and they sat, Steve and Tony standing behind them.
“I also like math and science,” Tony said. “and when we’re not fighting bad guys, I’m working on clean energy.”
Tony opened Christine’s door and helped her out of the car while Steve grabbed her bag from the trunk.
“Always,” Tony answered, straightening his cuff. They made their way up the front walk, weaving their way through abandoned tricycles and soccer balls. When they reached the door, Steve leaned forward and rang the doorbell. They heard several voices from the other side of the door preceding it opening to reveal a frazzled-looking woman.
Loki looked up from the book he was reading. Pete was peering at him furtively from beside the sofa he was lounged on. They were in the communal living area of the Tower, couches and floor pillows sprawled all over the room.
They spent the rest of the evening playing board games, Pete winning all rounds of both Monopoly Junior and Trouble. They decided, after several rounds of each game, that it was time for bed. The next morning saw them getting ready to say goodbye to Pete as they had breakfast.
“Sure, they have some great gelato here,” Tony said, and when their waitress came over he asked to have his and Pete’s pizza’s boxed up and ordered three chocolate gelatos. They came and were consumed quickly.
“Exactly,” Tony said. They pulled up to the home. As usual, Pete was waiting on the front step, this time accompanied by Hank. They eagerly got out of the car, smiling and waving as Pete ran towards them.
“Arachnid?” Tony said. “It’s kind of unclear. He’s got heightened senses, super strength and he can shoot web from his hands.”
Steve stood there feeling wholly unfulfilled for another moment. Taking a calming breath, he smiled coldly at Claire.
“Tony and I live full-time in the tower, so you would live with us on our floor. We would be your main guardians, and your guardians on all legal paperwork. Is that okay with you, Pete?”
“Your bedroom is this way,” Tony said, leading to one of the doors off the hallway. Opening it, he gestured for Pete to lead the way.
“Hi Claire, hi Christine,” Pete answered, suddenly shy. Steve put his hand on Pete’s shoulder in silent support.
“We thought we’d start by everyone introducing themselves and telling you about themselves.” Steve gestured to Sam to take it away.
“Very impressive, Pete,” Steve added. “And just in time,” he said as their waiter came back with their food.
“Not me,” Tony said. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. just woke me up and told me Pete’s having a nightmare. Should we do something?”
“Everyone ready for a movie night?” Steve greeted them, putting Pete’s bag down by the elevator. He was answered by positive responses and cheers. “Okay, well we’ll start with snacks. Tony, Pete and I will go get snacks ready in the kitchen while you guys set up the movie. Pete, what do you want to watch?”
Tony helped Pete finish his tinkering on You and cleaned up the tools while Steve packed up his sketching equipment and helped Pete out of his apron and goggles.
Tony sat on the edge of Pete’s bed. “You know, I get nightmares too,” Tony said softly from beside them.  “And Steve always helps me through mine. He’s good at it,” Tony smiled softly at Steve. “You’re gonna be okay, bud.”
“Come, sit here,” Thor pulled out a chair for Pete, patting it invitingly. Pete went over, looking a little hesitant.
“Sure thing.” They all moved to Claire’s office, where she already had the forms on the desk waiting for signatures. She handed a pen to each man and the three quickly signed and initialed where she told them to. Then, they handed the pens back and went out into the main hall, gathering Pete’s belongings. This consisted of one suitcase and two backpacks, one adult sized and one child sized.
Tony was a bundle of well-contained nerves as they went to pick up Pete from the home for the last time. Steve held his hand tightly as he drove, both to ground himself and Tony.
The little girl smiled at him, revealing two dimples. She grabbed one of his hands and tugged him towards the end of the hall.
“Alright, blocks in the tub and then to the carpet,” Steve said, scooping up the blocks and putting them in the tub while Tony watched from the wall.
“I’m sure.”  Steve stopped at the closed door and knocked. The door was answered a few minutes later by Claire, a baby balanced on her hip.
“Something about Claire, upstairs, and the boys?” Steve guessed, watching as the girl grew more frustrated. “Wait, are these the ones who have been picking on Pete?”
“Sounds good. Thank you,” Steve said, smiling warmly and heading over to the blocks. “Alright guys, time to head to the carpet, they’re going to start soon.”
“Lead the way.” Pete turned and ran into the house with a “come on, Hank” thrown over his shoulder. Hank chuckled and joined Tony and Steve as they stepped inside the home. Pete’s bags were all at the front door and as the three men entered Claire came out from her office.
They got into the elevator, Pete chatting happily about all the things he and Tony had done that afternoon. Tony patiently answered any questions Pete had, pulling out his tablet to explain certain things with drawings and diagrams. The conversation continued as they stepped out of the elevator and onto the main floor, both heading distractedly to the couches in the sitting room. They sat there, Tony holding the tablet with one hand between the two of them, Pete bent diligently over it.
And so the next hour went, filled with songs and stories and crafts, which the parents joined in on to varying degrees.
Tony felt his face fall slightly before he schooled his features into a serious expression. “Pete, you are very special,” he said, putting a hand on Pete’s shoulder. “Now, if you’re not going to be excited about this cake I’m going to have to be excited all on my own, and you wouldn’t want that, would you?”
“So that would mean you two,” Natasha said, nodding at Steve and Tony. “Would you be willing to take on that responsibility?”
When they arrived on their floor, the doors slid silently open, letting them out without F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s customary announcement of their arrival.
“Looking good,” Steve said, walking over to Natasha and peering over her shoulder at the meat. The spicy smell wafted up from the pan. “No onions, right?”
Pete’s sobs had quieted and he was now wiping his tears on Steve’s shirt, hands still strangely buried under the blankets.
“Hey, hey,” Steve said, putting his hands on Pete’s shoulders. “It’s okay, Pete.” Steve pulled Pete’s head to his chest and ran his hand up and down Pete’s back.
“He tried to stop him from consuming the cookies.” He paused to take in the assortment of boxes around them. “I may not have been a good influence.”
“We may have to do some tests to know what’s going on inside you, but we won’t do anything without your permission and we’ll tell you what we’re doing whenever we do something. Does that sound okay?” Tony asked.
Tony and Steve had been talking about having Pete’s friend Christine come visit ever since he had gotten comfortable in the tower. They had contacted Claire and were all set to take Christine home with them for the weekend.
“Successful mission?” Loki asked quietly, closing his book but keeping his page with his index finger.
With a flourish, Pete finished the last equation on his worksheet and put his pencil down. Pushing his glasses up, he turned around and crawled onto the sofa beside Tony.
“Well, the Tower will have to go through a home check and there should be a few more meetings here between you and Tony and Steve, but once that’s done you should be good for a weekend at the Tower.”
“Tony and Steve,” Tony cut her off smoothly. “Just Tony and Steve. And our son Pete and his friends Christine.” Tony pointed to them, already piling blocks high into the sky.
“That’s sweet of you Pete, but you need to tell her, and us, when you have nightmares, okay? It’s our job to help you.”
Pete didn’t answer, but wiggled until he got his arms free, throwing them around Tony. Steve wrapped his arms around both of them, holding them close.
“Pete, it’s okay,” Steve called, putting his hands on his hips and looking around the small room. “We’re not angry.” He moved towards the bedroom door, ready to look in another room. A small noise stopped Tony as he turned to leave as well, making him turn back towards the room. As he did, he noticed something on the ceiling that caught his eye.
As they were getting ready to leave, Steve picked up one of the napkins from the table. “Come here Pete,” he said, kneeling down so he was level with Pete. “You have pizza sauce and chocolate on your face.” Smiling, he reached out and wiped it off with the napkin, careful not to be rough. “That’s better,” he said, rubbing Pete’s head fondly.
“Pete, you’re not in trouble,” Tony said, walking over to the small pile of white goo that was sticking to the wall. “I was just surprised, that’s all.”
“Don’t like onions in ‘em, but otherwise they’re good,” Pete said distractedly, tongue poking out as he screwed a metal plate onto one of the bots.
“What pj’s do you want, robot or dinosaurs?” Steve asked as he opened the drawer containing Pete’s pyjamas.
“Yeah, we were just talking about basic engineering. Pete still has a lot to learn, obviously, but we’ll take it slow. We’ve got time.” Tony smiled down at Pete as he slung an arm around the back of his chair.
“We save the world for a living, how hard can taking in a child be?” Steve agreed. “Plus, it’s not like we don’t know him.”
With a flourish, Tony stood up, sweeping to the fridge and pulling out an enormous cake. On it was a cartoon picture of the Avengers assembled, and underneath them in big bubble letters was the words “We’re happy you’re here, Pete!”
Claire answered a few moments later, Christine peeking from around her. Steve recognized her as the girl who had shown him the boys that were picking on Pete. He smiled warmly at her.
“Well don’t stop on my account,” Steve said gently, picking up another of his slices as an example. “I was just surprised, is all. Please, eat as much as your stomach can take, alright bud?”
“Lunch,” he announced, dropping the plates and bags onto the table. “Be right back.” He went back into the kitchen and got three plates and three glasses of water. “How many sandwiches do you want, Pete?” he asked.
“You have a laboratory in the Tower, correct Mr. Stark?” Hank asked as he stood in the communal kitchen, looking around. He was there conducting the home inspection.
Tony pulled over a napkin and pulled a pen out of his pocket. He wrote 17x23 on the napkin and slid it over to Pete. Pete took the pen and started doing the problem. When he got stuck, he looked up at Tony.
When they got to the tower, Steve got Pete’s stuff from the trunk and they all went up to their floor. Over the past couple of visits, Pete had started redecorating his room. There were already a few drawings on the wall, as well as a poster of the periodic table and of the universe, gifted to him by Tony and Steve. On his bedside table were figurines of all the Avengers, lined up in a neat row beside his bedside lamp.
“Sure!” Pete scooped up the pile of plates, preceding Steve into the kitchen. Tony watched as Pete carefully balanced the plates, tongue sticking out in concentration. Tony enjoyed a moment of peace as Steve and Pete worked in the kitchen, the sounds of them murmuring lulling him into a sense of peace.
When they reached their room, Steve gently laid Pete down in the middle of their bed and crawled in on one side while Tony got in on the other. Silently, they rolled so that they were both facing Pete and quickly fell asleep.
“Never,” Steve said, squeezing his leg. “Everyone makes mistakes. We will never fault you for that.”
“We can find it, thanks,” Tony answered as he stood. They walked in silence until they reached Pete’s room.
“So, how is life as new foster parents?” Claire asked as she sat down, motioning them to take the seats across from her.
The next couple of weeks flew by, everyone in the tower adapting to having Pete there. Jane and Pepper each stayed over for a few nights, introducing themselves to Pete. He quickly grew fond of them, Jane with her quiet and steady knowledge, and Pepper with her cheeky winks and candies she would sneak to him.
"It wasn't what I asked, though," Tony continued. "I asked you what you wanted. Not what you'd be willing to do for me. What you actually want. I want to know
Tony dropped his hand, and while Steve missed the comfort of his touch, at the same time, he was glad it was over. Tony shouldn't be touching him, anyway. Tony had Tiberius. Whom he loved. Now he was just going to go right back to his cereal and--
on his tablet. He's wearing a three-piece suit; his sleeves are rolled up and his suit coat is draped over the back of the empty chair next to him. He's halfway through a steaming mug of black coffee and a bagel slathered with cream cheese. He glances up, sees Steve, and smiles a rather handsome smile.
Tony's finger came to rest, very lightly, over his hole. And that was all Steve needed. That was everything.
Iron Man, of course, isn't at the debriefing, and Steve hopes to God that means he's getting medical care somewhere. He hopes someone who knows about the armor -- there has to be someone else who knows -- can help him. Maybe Mr. Stark is helping him right now, Steve thinks, hopefully. Mr. Stark designed the armor. He has to be able to fix it. To save Iron Man.
As if he's enjoying his own private joke, Mr. Stark huffs out the smallest of laughs, a voiceless exhalation, and he smiles a strange, sad smile. "No, you wouldn't understand," he murmurs. "I didn't really think you would. But I had to try."
." Steve articulated the word with obvious reluctance. "I top from the bottom. That's what they say. And they're not wrong. I'm very particular about what I like. I have to be, or it doesn't work for me. And most doms, you can imagine, don't like me coming in and telling them what to do to me."
. He tied the condom off, lobbed it at the trash can, and then set to cleaning Steve up. With his tongue.
A smile flickered onto Tony's face. "You look at me like you think I'm worth something," he murmured. "Like I'm priceless. Irreplaceable. You touch me like-- like I'm precious. You'd stand up and fight for me. You have fought for me. Because I'm the one you want, more than anyone else in the world. You could have anyone you wanted and it's me you want."
"I was seven years old," Tony said, anguished. "I didn't know what the word meant. I didn't know what being gay even
It hadn't even occurred to him that they could do this. It probably should have. Of course Tiberius was keeping tabs on the coverage of Tony -- because, for whatever reason, this was the outcome that he wanted. He wanted to hurt Tony. Of course he'd be interested in Captain America coming onto his network to talk about Tony. And of course he'd want to confront Steve, here on his channel where he could say whatever he wanted, with the knowledge that his loyal subordinates could edit him to make him look even better.
"True," Tony said, beaming at him and setting his arm in a sling, and at this point the movement barely registered as pain. "I like to suck your cock before you go on your morning run, and
Steve can't believe people nowadays would be so crass as to pry into Iron Man's intimate medical problems. "That's-- that's
Tony wasn't actually sure it was going to do any good, but at least Steve would feel like he was doing something.
Tony couldn't find a way to put any of his thoughts into words, so he shut his mouth and just hoped Steve would keep holding his hand.
"I'm here," Steve murmurs. He runs his hands over Tony's back, touching him everywhere he can, trying to keep him grounded. "I'm right here, and you're doing great." Tony shivers and pushes up against him like he wants to press every square inch of his skin against Steve's. "You've got this." He can't be mad. He's not going to be mad. He just... can't do that. So he won't. "But you've got to suit up now, okay?"
But still, maudlin self-pity was better than the alternative, because the alternative was thinking about--
. Steve's fingers were rough, callused, but so wonderfully warm against Tony's face. Steve blotted the tears from Tony's cheekbone with a delicate swipe of his thumb.
Someone knocked on the door behind Steve, presumably having leaned into the room to do so. They'd left the door open, since the meeting was hardly classified, and also sometimes the rest of the team did have questions to bring up to whoever was chair. It was nice to be findable.
But Steve was unmoored. He was drifting, only aware of the pleasure, like light pouring through him. Tony's strokes over the shaft of his cock were more confident now, his thumb pressing lightly against the tip; it would have been too much against bare skin, but through the fabric it was exactly right, it was so good, and after a few more strokes Steve was aware that it was rapidly approaching
If Steve had hackles, they'd be up, and he doesn't want to think that, but it's true. He hasn't seen Mr. Stark all that much since he and Iron Man started dating, and he doesn't know if Mr. Stark is purposefully going out of his way to avoid him -- which takes a lot of work, since they live in the same house -- but the last time he saw him was that disastrous conversation several weeks ago in which Mr. Stark suggested that Steve and Iron Man shouldn't be dating.
. At first I thought maybe you were putting it on for me, playing it up a little, to make me feel better about how I was doing, because you knew I wanted to hear it...?"
Right now, he just wants to know if there's anything else he can do for Tony. He thinks Tony is probably close to done for the night.
Steve turns his hand over, so now Tony's fingers lie in the center of his palm, and he closes his hand over them, delicately. Tony breathes in, short and sharp.
Tony exhaled hard and thrust up a a little into his hand, the head of his cock pushing beautifully through the circle of Steve's fingers. Tony was clearly trying to coax him into something slightly faster and tighter; he seemed to like it a little tighter than Steve did. "You've definitely got all my attention, gorgeous."
Wherever they'd landed, it was cold; Steve was only now noticing this because Tony had had to cut through his uniform at the shoulder, and Steve's flesh was prickling in goosebumps. It was probably shock, as close to it as he ever got these days. He didn't say anything about it, but Tony must have noticed, because he pulled the blanket from the first-aid supplies up over Steve while he worked on splinting his arm. Steve assumed the leg would come later.
Tony's smile was still pained. "Not in any way that does me any good right now. I'd trade my next three integrated circuit designs for the ability to spot someone trying to gaslight me." Lifting his head, he regarded Steve. "
," Iron Man says, finally, incredulously, and his voice cracks in the middle of the word, He's shaking, and static hisses loudly through the vocal filters. Steve wonders what's wrong with him. Then he realizes that Iron Man is actually
"If someone is asking you not to trust your own perceptions, that counts as hurting you," Steve added, because it sure seemed like Tony didn't register that as pain. "I don't mean just having a different opinion about something. I mean someone saying that what you know happened wasn't the real story, making you believe something was your fault when you know it wasn't." He tried to think of another way to put it. "You're smart, Tony. You're smarter than me, and you're incredibly perceptive, so much so that we all rely on you in battle, on your understanding of the facts. As an Avenger you're asked to look at problems, size them up fast, find the answers, and be right. I'm asking you to trust yourself the same way you'd trust a calculation for repulsor energy output versus Kang. Because if someone's asking you not to believe what your own mind tells you is reality, they probably don't have your best interests at heart."
"Yes," Tony pointed out, "but I don't have your flawless moral standards to live up to. Who knew Captain America was such a rule-breaker?" He clicked his tongue. "Naughty."
Steve put a comforting hand on Tony's shoulder. "It's going to be all right. She was the one who dumped you, wasn't she?"
"I won't get this, though," Steve said, the reply automatic. He realized he'd as good as answered Tony, so now he owed him a full explanation. He sighed. "I don't like lies. I know you know that. I'm more comfortable with secrets -- hell, I still have a secret identity, same as you -- but I don't like dirty secrets. It's one thing to not tell someone something that's not their business. It's one thing to keep your private life private. It's another thing entirely if it's because you're ashamed of it." He didn't know if that made sense. He tried again. "It's different if there's someone to hide. Because then the lies start."
The empty space between them diminishes to nothing. Steve is across the room in an instant, a blaze jumping a firebreak. And then Steve pulls him into his arms.
When Tony figured out who this box's owner was, he was definitely going to need to ask them for some shopping recommendations.
Steve tried to find a rhythm, had it, lost it, and then had it again. He realized Tony's fingertips were slipping lightly against his hair, in time, and then a few seconds later Tony started to rock with him. He wasn't trying to thrust in deeper; he was barely moving, really, but he seemed much more pleased nonetheless. Tony moaned a little louder, and that was when Steve realized he was rubbing up against Tony, his hips working, his body searching for more stimulation. Tony could feel that. And Tony liked
Actually, he was still acting really strangely. He hadn't looked up when Tony had let him in. He hadn't even met Tony's eyes. He was still staring fixedly at the floor as he shuffled in. His face, Tony saw now, was ever so slightly flushed. His cowl was still up, like he didn't even want Tony to see his expression if he could help it.
"Yeah." Tony nodded. "I talked to Mr. Stark this morning." If you didn't know better, you might have expected Tony to have a certain amount of cognitive dissonance about continually referring to himself in the third person. But he'd had a whole decade to get used to it, and it had stopped feeling weird a long time ago. This was who he was. He just happened to be two different people to most people he knew.
Half an hour later, the last of the agents finally leaves, and it's just the two of them. Steve trots across the room, picks up his shield, and slides it onto his back. He's got his shield. And he's got Tony. Everything he needs, really.
Tony opened his mouth and shut it again. "There was more I wanted to say," he added, softly. "But I think it can wait until tomorrow. Already said the important part. I'm tired."
"Of course I meant it," Steve said, a little confused, because they'd been over this, hadn't they? "You're still my friend, Tony. Nothing's ever going to change that. I'm glad you're in love. Doesn't matter to me if it's with a man or a woman. I'm just so glad you've finally found someone who's this good to you."
Steve's never asked Tony if he specifically made the release catches to fit Steve's hands. The first time Steve helped Tony out of his armor was a bare few days after Steve learned Iron Man's identity; Molecule Man had left Tony with a leisure suit in place of an armored suit, and Tony had hesitantly asked Steve if he wouldn't mind helping get him in and out of one of his older suits while he was upgrading it. Even then, the catches had fit Steve's fingers, just the same. And they've been the same ever since.
want to work. Because I can't imagine seeing the world the way it is and not wanting to do everything I can to help people."
"Yeah," Steve agreed, and then Tony's hand sped up ever so slightly and Steve damn near lost it right then. He hadn't thought he was that close, but, apparently, it was enough for him that it was Tony.
Tony holds up his hands, palms out: a sign of surrender he's long since trained himself out of using, but the only one Steve will recognize. "Hey, hey, Steve. Take it easy, okay?"
"When we were kids, he used to cause so much trouble and then tell everyone he was me if they caught him," Tony says, contemplatively. It doesn't sound like a fond memory. "Mostly people believed him. Even our father. Maybe especially our father. I never could get it to work in reverse, because by then everyone already believed he was the good twin."
He looks up and finds that Tony is smiling. "Keep breathing, Winghead," he murmurs. "You've got this. You've got me."
Mr. Stark's not wearing his usual three-piece suit. He's not smiling his usual devilishly-handsome smile while attentively reading the morning's business news on his tablet. No, Mr. Stark is wearing sandals, ragged jeans, and a MIT sweatshirt covered with what Steve guesses are oil stains. He's half-slumped in his chair, and he's forcing oatmeal into his mouth, slowly, like summoning up the energy for every bite is a near-insurmountable ordeal.
Tony reaches out and takes his hand again. He places Steve's hand firmly on his other arm, next to the cuff that the gauntlet rolled into.
"Those are the main power packs," Tony says, cheerfully. "Don't worry, there's a secondary battery in the chestplate itself. Other one now."
Tony's grip shifts; he loops his arms around Steve's neck as Steve bends down, one arm behind Tony's thighs and another just below his shoulders, across his back. Steve lifts, and Tony settles into his arms.
Well, he wanted at least one of Tony. The thing was, Tony still wasn't altogether sure of Steve's feelings about the other one, and he was, unfortunately, a package deal.
"If you want to, we can do that," Steve agrees. He doesn't need the pretext, though, and he doesn't think Iron Man does either. "But honestly, I-- I just want to
At least Tony knew how to play that up for him. He slapped the flogger lightly against his palm, feeling the weight and sting of the falls, watching Steve's eyes track every motion, hungrily.
"Hi," Captain America says. "My name's Steve Rogers. Call me Steve. I'm guessing you're my new landlord?"
. Disgusting. Just like the old days." He wrinkled his nose. "So I decided it'd be a lot faster to wreck your life by fucking you again. And there is a certain thrill in, mmm, taking direct action. Knowing that I was finally winning and you didn't even know what I was doing to you. Knowing that you thought I actually wanted you. Even if that meant I had to put up with even more of your whining and your clueless fumbling. The sacrifices I make, Tony." He gave a theatrical sigh. "I wish I'd fucked her instead. I'm sure she'd have been better than you. It'd be difficult for anyone to be worse. Do you know, you're still the worst lay I've ever had? It's incredible how bad you are in bed. Honestly, I've always wondered how you got such a reputation. Who'd come back for more?"
He heads to the couches, sits, and Steve obligingly joins him. Next to him, only a foot or so away, when there were a dozen other seats he could have taken. Tony pushes back another shiver --
"That's the test," Steve confirmed. "That's the best I can offer with the books I've got on hand. If you don't like it, my backup plan is to call Reed Richards and ask him to send over some of his research that you've never seen. And you can try reading that and checking his work. Even if you could read in DreamVision, I'm pretty sure no one would offer you anything like that to read. I know Tiberius is smart, but I'm willing to bet that he can't do physics at a level high enough that he could fake something that you'd believe came from Reed. And he can't pull it from your mind and get away with it, because you'd recognize it if it were something you'd already seen."
"I'm trying," Tony hissed back, "but it's a solid lock. Sit down and I'll see what I can-- fuck! Two more incoming!"
Tony drew a gasping, shallow breath. "I trust you. Of course I trust you." He shuddered against Steve. "It's me I don't trust."
"--obtained evidence that Tony Stark and his bodyguard Iron Man have now been linked to the recent death of Mark Scarlotti, better known as the villain Whiplash," the news anchor said.
"Oh?" Steve could feel his mouth twitch. At least he wasn't blushing again. "Those kinds of plans, huh? I see how it is."
The negator is resting against Steve's neck, and Steve realizes Tony asked him a question. Tony's waiting for his permission.
It was like trying to reconcile two separate images into stereo vision: there was Captain America, pure and unsullied, and then there was Steve, who
After the car pulls away from the curb, Iron Man's standing there and it's clear he's at a loss for words. Iron Man doesn't live in the mansion -- where he does live is another one of those things no one knows about him -- and it's getting late, so he doesn't really have an excuse to stay.
, their lights glowing steadily, and it's not much but it's enough. Steve watches, his heart in his throat, as Iron Man hits the ground, tips, lands on his back, and skids to a stop. In a few more seconds, Steve is at his side.
"Oh!" Iron Man says. "Did you never see-- no, I suppose you wouldn't have. Uh. I'll have to show you the movie sometime, I guess. Not tonight, though."
Ghost gives a sardonic little hmph. The gun digs into the back of Steve's head. "Oh, it'll be easy." Ghost's voice is smug. "You and I both know that Stark's got to have backups of that data somewhere." Steve supposes that means Ghost's destroyed the local copies already. "So I want you to give your boss a call. Explain the situation. Have him bring me the plans. All of them." He chuckles. "He's Captain America's boyfriend. He wants him dead even less than you do, I'm sure. Can you imagine his face?" Another laugh. "I can't wait to see that."
"You're lovely," Tony said, voice full of admiration, and the way his hand curved over Steve's cock as he said it suggested that he meant something very specific by that compliment. "Mmm. Nice and big. Just right."
"Yes, really," Steve said, patiently. "And, yes, you. Come on, it's not like I get off staring at myself in a mirror."
"I know I've told you this before." Mr. Stark's voice is cold, harsh; his eyes are like clouded ice. "But maybe this time you'll listen to me. I'm telling you this because you're making a mistake. There are things about Iron Man that you don't know--" he holds up one finger, stabbing the air, trying to forestall the objection that he already knows Steve is going to make-- "and I know you think they're not important, but they
"I have an idea," he said. "Don't know if it'll be enough. But I think it just might work. I have to grab something from the living room for it, though. Back in a couple minutes, okay? Yell if you need me."
Steve didn't know how the law would see it. He honestly didn't want to think about how the law would see it. But he knew, in his heart, that Tony hadn't killed Whiplash.
"I'm fine," Steve says, quickly. He doesn't need Mr. Stark worrying about him, not when he likely has so many more important things to worry about. "Just surprised, I guess. I thought Iron Man would be here instead."
He stroked Tony's cock a few more times, faster, tighter, and then he realized Tony was tapping the back of his wrist, trying to get his attention.
"Well, ma'am," Steve said, and he could just feel himself smiling again, thinking about Tony, "it's amazing. Being with him is like nothing else I've ever known. I can't-- I can't really imagine my life without him in it."
He and Tony hadn't had that kind of Serious Talk yet, but he was pretty sure it was coming. And he was pretty sure Tony was just as besotted, so he liked to think he knew what Tony was going to say.
"Hey," Steve said, softly, and Tony's head shot up as his mouth twitched into an exhausted smile. "You want to go home now?"
Ghost lifts one hand from the keyboard and gestures at the computer screen, where a file-copy progress bar is displayed. "What does it look like, Captain? Information wants to be free." Over the private comms, Tony makes a noise somewhere between a laugh and a sob. "Late-stage capitalism is a blight upon humanity. And rumor has it -- accurately, I might add -- that Stark's computer systems still contain weapons designs, even though he hypocritically says he's out of the business. The public deserves to know the truth, and Stark deserves to suffer. I'll make him pay. One fewer billionaire in the world."
He reached in once more. A cock ring, with adjustable snaps, and a D-ring on that. Also vibranium. Whoever this person was, they sure liked attachment points. And probably had a dick -- or, at least, their partner did.
Tony shrugged. "He'll wake up if we pull him out of DreamVision, I'm sure. I can't say I'm in a hurry to talk to him again at any point in the entire rest of my goddamn life." There was something dark and anguished. "I mean, he was certainly going to be happy to make me spend the rest of my life in one nightmare after another." He swallowed. "I'm, uh. I'm positive he wasn't lying about that part."
But the words won't come, and something inside him is raw, keenly-edged. He doesn't want to talk about how Tony saved him precisely because Steve failed him. And Tony had been in the state he was in in the first place because of Steve. Steve was the one who'd dragged Tony under and left him to drown.
He ought to tell Steve someday. He really ought to tell Steve. It had been nearly ten years. But he just couldn't stop fretting about what Steve would think of him, if he knew the truth. Steve was his friend, and he didn't want to ruin that.
Because Tony didn't lose, Steve thought, the same fierce loyalty he'd always had for Tony welling up in him. Because that was who Tony was. Because all along he'd been able to come back. That was what he did. It had never occurred to Steve to wonder how. It was just who Tony was, innate and immutable.
Then Iron Man comes in the other side, shutting the door behind him; the car creaks a little with the weight of the armor. He buckles his seatbelt, just as Steve did, which seems a little pointless to Steve given that Iron Man is fully armored and the belt probably isn't rated for his weight in the armor, but he supposes it's the principle of the thing. "Okay, Happy," he says, addressing Mr. Hogan. "Off we go."
. And that, that definitely shouldn't be possible. Steve's never laid eyes on any part of Iron Man that wasn't fully shrouded in either fabric or metal. There should be nothing for Steve to recognize. There can't be. But Steve can't shake the feeling that he
They were both staring at Steve's cock now. It hit Steve with something that wasn't quite shame, was somehow the good version of shame, that he liked Tony looking at him, that he was getting even harder with Tony just
Steve splayed one gloved hand on his chest, briefly covering the star. "Do you know what this uniform is made of?" he asked. "When I started, way back in 1940, it was leather with steel scale-mail. That's sure as heck not what it is now."
Ghost is sitting at a computer, fingers poised over a keyboard. His white cloak is draped over the back of the chair. There's a portable drive about the size of Steve's hand plugged into the computer, wires coiling over the desk. That's probably not good.
"No, don't be," Tony said, absently, as the toast popped up and he started to butter it. "I'm just glad I can do something to help you feel better."
Now the woman was climbing into the back seat of a red and white car. Maybe it was from the sixties or seventies? Steve wasn't that well-acquainted with all the eras of cars he'd missed. There were two men in the front. The driver reached up to place a flashing police light on top of the car as they sped away.
Steve leaned over and clinked his glass against Tony's. "To friendship," he repeated. "And to your health, while we're at it." He drank.
That was what Mr. Stark had said, too, but he doesn't need to tell Iron Man about that conversation.
Steve hadn't known that, and that does make him feel a bit better, but it still doesn't eliminate the underlying problem here.
"I don't know," Tony said. He didn't seem to be in control of the words that were coming out of his mouth. "Come over here and propose to me yourself, you goddamn coward."
Steve nudges Tony's legs a little wider, putting him right where he wants him, and Tony is suddenly, viscerally aware that they're in the middle of the briefing room, he is naked and hard and spread out in front of Steve, giving it up, all for Steve, and literally anyone could see him.
The air seemed to smell more strongly. There was probably something pumped in through the vents. More sedatives. Tony let his head loll back. High on the wall above him was a window, and a shadowy figure was watching him through it. That was probably who Tony was talking to.
Maybe Ghost already left? Steve considers the possibility. Even if Ghost is currently invisible, Steve should be able to hear him. He can't. And if Ghost is already out of here, every minute they spend in here is a minute Ghost could be using to get farther and farther away with whatever he's got.
"Then I'm happy," Steve said. He wanted Tony to be happy. He did. That wasn't a lie. "That's all I want for you, Tony. That's all I've ever wanted for you."
Steve's skidding across the linoleum, arms outstretched, and his fingers just barely brush the case of the drive when something
, though. Modern classics. Definitely not pulp sci-fi. Or Tolkien. Had you read Forster before, or was he one of your post-ice discoveries?"
if Tony were in danger. He wouldn't have to try too hard with that one at all. And Steve was the only person, he would bet, who knew Tony was doing this in the first place.
Steve sprawled back on the bed and tilted his neck back as he slid his thumb in the waistband of his briefs, pulling one side down over his hip. He was hard enough that the fabric wasn't hiding much of anything -- Tony could tell he was uncut -- but Tony did appreciate the allure of just a little bit of secrecy.
Steve can't help but chuckle. "Yeah, so I've been told." Tony definitely knows this about him. "For my entire life."
He mimed what he wanted with his hand, lewd and obscene, his wrist jerking in an imaginary handjob. And Tony, clever Tony,
... it's heritable. I don't want to pass that on, the way I feel. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. I don't want to have a child knowing that they could feel like this because of me, because I was selfish enough to want them to exist."
Tiberius, strangely, looked much more composed than Tony did. Tony was still staring at Steve, dumbstruck, but Tiberius took in the scene with equanimity, chuckled, and adjusted the tie of his borrowed robe.
The reaction Steve gets isn't one he was expecting at all. Iron Man shudders and the armor creaks as he moves in a way it doesn't quite bend; it's like he's... flinching?
his teeth are glinting white behind the mouth-slit. He looks like he's honestly happy. Thrilled, even.
"You don't have to go," Iron Man offers. He sounds hopeful. "Not if you don't want to, anyway. You can sleep here."
There were still a few goons on the floor, but they weren't going to be a threat, and Steve could undoubtedly take care of them all by himself. Tony relaxed, lowered his hands--
surprise," he added, more firmly. "Worst possible circumstances, though." His teeth worried at his lower lip. "Oh, God, Tony."
"Shh, easy, easy," Tony breathed. "I've got you." He looked up and met Steve's eyes, his expression suddenly serious. "More?"
," Tony told him. "If it matters, then it matters." His hand glided over Steve's side, a reassuring caress. "If it helps, I've never wanted money just for the sake of having money. I'm not wired like that. For me it's... a means to an end. There are things I want to do, ways I want to help people, and that takes money. The amount of work the Foundation does, all the social programs they fund, that costs money. It's not all my money, but a lot of it is. Making the armor costs a whole lot of money. Outfitting, quartering, and feeding the team costs money. Damage Control costs money. And it's money I'm absolutely willing to spend, but it does mean I need a source of income. If I hadn't wanted to do this, if I'd never wanted to work a day in my life, I wouldn't have had to, and I know that's an unimaginable luxury, but the thing is, I
The familiar longing scraped at his skin, hollowed out his heart. He was just going to have to live with it.
And it's in Iron Man's colors. What's more, the fabric is clearly meant to represent the armor. His arms and legs are a garish yellow, nothing like the golden sheen of the actual armor, and his torso is fire-engine red. There's a circle on his chest that Steve supposes is meant to represent the unibeam housing, but it's slightly off-center from where the actual armor's housing is. Steve can tell this because Iron Man is definitely still wearing at least some of the armor. The unibeam housing is outlined on his chest, pushing the fabric outward.
He glanced around the room with a critical eye. There were still a lot of his things here -- he'd have to make multiple trips -- but he didn't know how soon someone else might want the room, so it would probably be better to remove as many personal touches as he could. He still couldn't bring himself to pack the photographs of him with Tony. He could put them in a box. In the closet, maybe.
He'd told Steve when Beth had left him; oh, he hadn't been specific with names, because he hadn't wanted anything to connect Iron Man and Tony Stark, but Steve definitely knew he was single. But Steve wasn't single.
Steve looked up. "I know I've said this wrong before," he began. "I know I have. And I'm sorry. I'm-- I'm trying as hard as I can to get it right. I'm sorry that you have to go through any of this." He swallowed hard. "You're right when you say I have no idea how much you want to drink. I've never felt like that. I don't know. I can't know. But I know what it feels like to want to do something and know you shouldn't."
He felt a little weird saying it, because he couldn't think of any other time in his life when dirty talk had included the other person thinking that he, Iron Man, was in any way sexy, but Steve whimpered again in encouragement, and when Tony pressed just a tiny bit, the first two fingers of his hand slid inside Steve as easy as anything, like Steve had been waiting all his life for this.
No. He's not thinking about that. He can't afford that. Focus, he tells himself again. He's slipping, and he knows why he's slipping, but that doesn't make it any easier to stop.
But then Tony looks at him and there's a glimmer of happiness in his eyes. For Steve. Because of Steve.
Steve had been to dozens of these events over the years. Maybe hundreds. They were all more or less the same, in his experience. He stood around in a room of rich people. He smiled. He shook hands. He chatted about the usual inconsequential conversational topics. And this party looked the same as all the rest. But at least this one had a few guests who were his actual friends. Jan and Hank were on the far side of the room, talking to Warren Worthington. Steve smiled, happy to see a few familiar faces -- but, wait, was that
Iron Man's gaze pauses very significantly on the bed. Steve hasn't bothered getting different sheets since he moved in -- why, says his Depression upbringing, when the ones he has now are still good? -- so he's left with the ones Mr. Stark had outfitted the room with for him. They're very... patriotic, striped boldly in red, white, and blue.
Tony blew out a heavy breath and stared at him. Waiting, Steve supposed, for his judgment once again. Because after everything, after all this, he still thought Steve was going to judge him for leaving his new heart condition out of his report.
It doesn't take him long to pry off his boots, peel off his socks, and shimmy out of his gloves, uniform shirt, and undershirt. When he has his hands on his belt, he looks up, to find that Tony looks even more nervous than before.
"I know what an apology is." Steve's voice wavers, uncertain. He doesn't want to sound cruel or cold. He doesn't want to ruin this. He's trying. "We had those in the forties." He attempts a smile.
That wasn't Real Steve and Tony knew it. Real Steve was only his friend, only ever his friend. If you took Real Steve to the Folsom Street Fair he'd be scandalized and disapproving. Probably -- no,
That had probably already been too much. He needed to... disengage. Reluctantly, he let Tony go and stepped back, only to find that Tony's absence hit him like an actual blow, a punch straight to the solar plexus. Tony was staring at him, wide-eyed, bereft, like all he wanted was for Steve to come right back and keep holding him.
After that, Steve and Iron Man are closer than ever. It's not that Steve hadn't felt close to him before -- of course he had -- but that conversation seems to have flipped some kind of switch in their relationship, and Iron Man just starts... telling him things. Oh, not his name. Not his civilian identity. But things Steve bets he hasn't told anyone else, and Steve thinks that's honestly even better. It's not like his name would mean anything to Steve. But everything else -- well, that means something.
His shirt and undershirt had come off easily enough -- and then Tony had, understandably, been distracted for at least a minute by the expanse of
"I turned you down," Steve points out. Sadness flashes into Mr. Stark's eyes, and he bites his lip. Yeah, that clearly means something to him. "I turned you down and started dating your bodyguard. I see how that could really, uh, grind your gears."
," Steve repeated, because all he had left was the strength of his convictions, and he knew he'd already lost.
And then Tony's gaze softened. "Hey, no," he murmured. "You're going to be good. And you can trust me on that."
When he glances over, expecting a confused face, he sees Steve nodding. "Not by that name," Steve says. "My ma used to tell me, in the old country, a neighbor's daughter had it." He says some word that must be Irish. "She coughed up flowers, pining away for her unrequited true love. I thought it was only a story until I joined the army. Found out that Hydra had been running experiments on it.
He assigned himself to light duty. He spent the next two days icing his hand, sitting in his room stewing in guilt, and trying to type up comments on the last few weeks of mission reports using only his left hand, because his right arm was encased in a splint from the tips of his last two fingers down to almost his elbow.
Imploring, Steve holds out his hands. "You don't have to tell me why you need the money. It doesn't matter to me what you need it for. I'm not going to judge you or ask for an accounting of how you spend it. And I wouldn't ask you to repay me. It would just... be a gift. You can just have it. All you have to do is say yes."
"When I walked in on you two," Steve managed to say, "he was trying to get your shirt off. He was-- he knew you didn't want him to do it and he was trying to do it anyway, wasn't he?"
Steve exhales across Tony's skin and feels him shiver. He hears Tony breathe, a noisy, shuddering hitch of a breath.
That was probably new for Tony. It was new for both of them, really. But Steve wasn't afraid, not anymore; all he could feel was excitement. Whatever was going to happen, Tony would be at his side, and they'd get through it together.
That got Tony to turn around. He met Steve's gaze levelly. "I want to," he said, simply. "You've fussed over me every single time I've done whatever awful thing I've done to myself for the entire time I've known you. Now it's my turn. Let me take care of you for a change, okay?"
Only about half of the second floor was intact, and what was still there was a mess. All the interior walls were gone, and the contents of the remaining rooms were scattered across the entire level. The team had still kept a room open for Tony even though he lived in California these days, and that meant that Tony found one of his dress shirts two rooms away in what had once been Jan's room, stained in bright colors by smashed makeup and nail polish. And that was one of the luckier finds -- at least it was recognizably still a shirt.
He strips out of what's left of the suit he put on just a few hours ago, and he struggles into his uniform. Behind him is the scraping and heavy clunking of Tony suiting up; Steve's always thought it sounds like dropping dumbbells.
If Tony says anything in return, Steve can't hear it, because he's set everything on the counter and turned the taps on. The water is cool but not too cold, and he dampens the washcloth, then wrings it out. Perfect. He picks up his armful of towels and heads back to Tony.
Steve is staring again, dumbfounded. He hadn't thought Iron Man talked to Mr. Stark about him. He knows they must have talked a bit; Mr. Stark had loaned Iron Man the services of his chauffeur for their first date, after all. So of course Mr. Stark knows. But that fact isn't something Steve's thought a lot about. Until now.
Iron Man makes a louder staticky noise, maybe a cough. "Um," he says. "I have to confess that this one was a bit of a selfish pick. Also, you might have already seen it."
Tony no longer had enough presence of mind to form the sentence that would have enabled him to tell Steve that he didn't think it could have hurt any worse anyway. This turned out to not actually be true, as Tony found out five seconds later, when Steve started applying pressure to Tony's lower abdomen.
Steve dared to reach out, to put his hand on Tony's arm. He didn't usually touch Tony without gloves on. Tony was warm under his fingers, and Tony didn't move away. And Tony wasn't ever going to love him like he wanted. He had to accept that.
"Well," Steve said, gamely, "I'm still very interested in showing you a good time. So to speak. If you'd still like that."
Tony's face went three shades paler. "Oh my God," he breathed, and he shot out of his chair in an instant. In another few seconds, he was at Steve's side, reaching out for him, not quite touching him. "Steve, what happened?" he asked. His tone was an odd mixture of Avengers professionalism and what sounded like utter terror. "Oh God. Are you okay? When did this happen?"
do. And, yes, I know exactly what he can threaten us with. But if he wants to screw around with trying to pull our UN clearances, then
Tony nodded thoughtfully. "Sounds nice." This must have been where he thought the end was, Steve realized.
Mr. Stark snorts in derision. "You'll never be able to touch him, you know. How can you settle for that?"
. They're the ones who hurt you. He's the one who hurt you. That'd be like blaming a murder victim for walking into the knife."
An intercom clicked. "That's where you're wrong, Stark," a man's voice said. Tony didn't recognize it. To be fair, he was high enough right now that he didn't think he'd have recognized his own mother's voice. "You see, what I'm actually interested in is Resilient's energy program. We could use power sources like you have."
"Steve, you believe in me more than anyone else in the whole damn world. I deliberately led you to think I was doing something else, so Ghost would fall for it. And the
"Shh, no, Winghead," Tony murmurs. "It's all right. I know you didn't think I could do it. That was the point, actually," he says, and Steve was sure as hell not expecting to hear that. Tony's mouth quirks. "Ghost had to believe me. He had to believe that I was desperate enough to give him a real password. And that meant I had to sell it. And you -- I mean, you know you have a lousy poker face. Even if you'd left comms open and I could have told you the truth, I wouldn't have." Tony's mouth is quivering. It's clearly taking a lot out of him to say this, in the state he's in. "It had to look real. So that meant you had to believe me."
Tony sighs happily. "Oh," he murmurs, in a tone of pleasant surprise. "You've been holding out on me this whole time. Good hands. Really, really good hands."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Yeah, Ty, it's me." He scowled. "Quick question: what the hell are you thinking, running a news story linking me to a goddamn
Then Iron Man sits down. Next to him. The couch doesn't creak as much as furniture usually does when it's subjected to the armor, and Steve can already tell he's ditched the gauntlets and boots, under... whatever he's wearing.
Steve nodded. He remembered Tiberius' mad ranting, his obvious hatred of Tony. It was easy to see how the years of pain, this perceived betrayal, had made the wounds fester within him, had made him recast his friendship with Tony in this hideous light.
Maybe Tony and this Tiberius fella weren't very good friends? God knew Tony was generous with his affection. For all Steve knew, they were just acquaintances. Former classmates. Fellow businessmen.
The word echoes, hollow and false. Steve knows that Tony knows he's lying. Tony was right when he said Steve wasn't good at lying, when he said Steve had to believe--
Since the serum, Steve's hearing has been superhuman. And right now, it's even better than it usually is. There's a cacophony of voices. Tony has a lot of visitors. Carol. Thor. Scott. Tony's brother. He can't quite tell what they're saying. They're all talking at the same time. It's noisy.
Steve's heart is pounding as he waits, and he waits, and about thirty seconds later he sees a gleam of red and gold inside the building, and then Iron Man flies back out the window, holding a boy in his arms. The kid looks like he's maybe eight or nine, and he's clutching Iron Man tight as Iron Man comes in for a landing.
Eyes unfocused behind the mask, Iron Man stares off into the middle distance. He's quiet for a long time.
"If it makes you feel any better," Tony offered, with a wry twist of his lips, "I spent a whole lot more of my life living in fear of what you might think of. Uh. Another one of my secrets."
Had it ever been good with Tiberius, for Tony? Had Tiberius ever made Tony happy? Or had he hurt him the way Steve had seen all week, like a cut from the slenderest and sharpest of knives, so smoothly that Tony hadn't even known he was being hurt?
"Iron Man?" Jan's tinny voice asks, and Steve looks down and sees Tony's armored picture in his palm. Dammit. He answered the wrong card. When he's about to come he gets so damn
Oh. Right. Steve had been in uniform last night. He wasn't in uniform now. This was going to be difficult to explain without giving away his secret identity--
Relief broke out across Tony's face, as if that hadn't even occurred to him. Good. He was looking happier again. The breakup had been rough on Tony, Steve had gathered, but then, that was true for every woman Tony had dated, as far as Steve knew. Tony always fell hard. And it never worked out.
"Who says it's pity?" Steve asks, and for the first time in almost his entire life, Tony feels the pressure in his chest start to recede. "You're a good-looking fella, and you seem like a nice guy, and I'd like to get to know you better. I'm in favor of that. Been known to appreciate a good-looking fella from time to time." He pauses and grins almost ruefully. "I bet they never said that kind of thing about me in the history books, but it's true. Seems to me like you might be in favor of that too."
But then Tony pets Steve's arm again, very softly, just above where he's buckled down. Not quite at his bare hand. His touch is so, so gentle. Steve sometimes thinks he doesn't deserve Tony.
knew, didn't you? How did you know? I've known Ty for twenty-five years. I never, ever suspected this. You knew there was something wrong with him in, what, five minutes?"
Iron Man's indrawn breath is so loud that the filters pick it up and blur it into even more static. "Steve," Iron Man says, sounding almost anguished. "Steve, you're wonderful, and you have no idea how much I-- but the armor doesn't-- it can't all come off-- I can't--"
Tony wasn't doing any of that. Sure, he was covering his chest and buttoning his shirts up to the collar -- and, oddly, touching his chest a lot lately -- but all that buttoning-up had been happening since the Sentient Armor. That hadn't been Tiberius. Tony was wearing short sleeves right now. There were no bruises dotting his wrists or ringing his throat in a handprint. He wasn't nervy. He wasn't jumpy. And he was a working superhero. He got banged up on a daily basis. He was probably still sore from going toe to toe with Radioactive Man last night. If Steve asked him about an injury, the story would be real. He wasn't getting hit. Steve was pretty sure that someone used to hit Tony once -- God, he never wanted to think about that, he'd tried never to think about who or why or how often -- but no one was hitting Tony now. Tiberius was a monster, all right, but he wasn't that kind of monster.
Most of Tony's recent armors have had thick lenses in the helmet, and this one is no exception. Steve can't see Tony's eyes. But the faceplate is tilted in his direction and he knows Tony is looking at him. He can hear Tony breathing, a little faster, struggling not to tip over the edge.
They'd finished sorting through the rubble in the basement in record time. Tony's armors that he'd hidden away and refound before the whole Sise-Neg thing were still there, even if most of his workshop was toast. The computers were all broken, screens smashed in by the Wrecker's crowbar -- but the Masters of Evil hadn't, thank God, made it to the mainframe, and at any rate Tony had tape backups, which turned out to also be intact.
Steve breathed out through clenched teeth, but his eyes were bright, and he struggled to his knees again.
Dumbfounded, Steve just stares. He doesn't understand what's going on. Mr. Stark told Steve they shouldn't marry, insulted Iron Man, and is now giving him Iron Man's ring size? None of this makes any sense.
"Mr. Stark?" Steve's voice is echoing from somewhere behind him as Tony runs. "Mr. Stark, are you all right?"
He says it like he wants it to be a joke, but they both know it isn't. Tony's still not in great shape to be alone.
," Steve snaps, far too loudly. "Not that it's any of your business, but we make do just fine. I'd rather be with him than anyone else."
"Spectacular, huh?" Tony echoed, which made Steve realize he had no idea how much of that had come out of his mouth. He was lucky that very few people had tried to honeytrap
"I don't have it all worked out yet," Steve admitted. "Maybe the suicide was accidental. But what I do know is that Tiberius was trying to pin it on you. Just like Whiplash's death. You watched the interview. You must have seen the part where the host --
"That's it," Tony assures him. The nervousness in Tony's voice is real, though. "That's the password for you."
Steve's gaze unfocuses; he's not entirely in his own head, and Tony's seen that look on the faces of so many telepaths. He's checking. After a few seconds, he shakes his head, and Tony's stomach unclenches.
There had to be answers here somewhere. A door on the other side of the room led to a short hallway, which led to--
"Shh." Steve kissed him again. He put his arm over Tony's midsection, lower down, careful not to touch where the scars were. "It's okay. It's all okay. I love you. I'm right here."
Was this whole apparatus some kind of drug thing? Steve only had the vaguest idea of what illicit drugs anyone was doing these days -- Jesus, he hoped it wasn't Mutant Growth Hormone -- but he also knew Tony had never done anything harder than marijuana, and even that had been years ago. After Tony had been homeless on the streets, the question of IV drug use had most definitely come up, and he knew Tony wouldn't have lied about it. Not to him. But this obviously hadn't been up to Tony, and Steve had no idea what Tiberius was into other than accumulating money, abusing his significant others, and committing first-degree murder.
But Tiberius just shrugged. "Well, it's certainly not my fault that he's still in the news," he said, sounding wounded. Playing for sympathy. "Or are you going to accuse
"I'll be so good," Steve promised, and, yeah, that answered the question of how Steve felt about D/s. "I'll be good for you. I'll get on my knees if you want." He paused, testing the word. "Sir?"
He doesn't think he does anything different but Tony must sense it in the way he holds himself, because Tony slides his thumb over Steve's cheekbone like it's a reward. "There you go," Tony says, his voice infinitely gentle. "There you go. Just like that. You feel so good. You're doing such a good job. A perfect job."
He'd come back east as soon as he could, to pay a visit, once he realized the scope of the damage. Zemo had sent the Fantastic Four and the West Coast Avengers on wild-goose chases to prevent them from helping, and Tony himself had been, literally, underwater at the time -- and Zemo had destroyed the mansion and nearly murdered all the Avengers as a result. Herc, Dane, and Jarvis were still in the hospital.
"Lo!" Thor said, holding up something long, dark, and stick-thin in both hands, brandishing it for the rest of them. "Look upon what I have found, my friends! I know not to whom it belongs. Think ye that it is something of the Black Knight?" He frowned, uncertain, and wow, that was a
"So you're probably wondering why I believed this bastard instead of you," Tony continued, because of course Tony knew exactly what he was thinking. "And I don't know if you'll believe me, but honestly it was
But it's not like he could go to a dungeon, anyway. Even out of uniform, even with a secret identity, he's too recognizable these days; there aren't
When Steve pulls away to let him have some air, they're both panting hard. Tony starts chuckling in between breaths, dizzy and elated.
So they weren't being especially discreet. The rest of the team was probably going to figure it out pretty fast, if they kept acting like this in public. Tony couldn't really bring himself to care about that. It wasn't as if Thor or Tigra were going to disapprove.
"Sounds good to me," Steve said, amiably, and he dropped his head into the pillow of his bound arms, pushing his ass higher. He was waiting.
Iron Man. They haven't exactly talked about it, the two of them, but surely Iron Man's figured out just how much Steve likes kissing him, even if he's never commented on the... more obvious physical signs... of Steve's enjoyment. It shouldn't be a surprise that Steve's interested in more. But he doesn't know how much more Iron Man is interested in. And if the answer is
Tony chuckled in what sounded like relief. "Whatever makes you happy," he said. "You look just fine, as far as I'm concerned. Once I was working on a stealth suit prototype and I had to shave everything below the neck and it was itchy as hell growing back--" He paused. "I talk a lot when I'm nervous, don't I?"
Mr. Stark takes a few harsh breaths. When he speaks, his voice is rougher now. "Thanks," he says. He half-smiles; it's a pained expression. "Honestly, I think that's the kindest brush-off I've ever gotten."
And Steve can definitely track him. But he needs to stop listening to Tony to do so. It's one or the other.
"All of those things are true," Steve admitted. "I'm not saying they're not. The logic checks out. It has to. That's how it works. But what's
"Fine," he said, too loud, too fast. The answer was terse, clipped. He knew he didn't sound like himself. He knew he'd always been a bad liar.
Iron Man puts one gauntleted hand on his shoulder and slides it, metal scraping over scale mail, to the middle of Steve's back, and he pulls him close. Steve takes one wobbling step forward, uncertain with his eyes shut, and his foot bumps what has to be one of Iron Man's boots. He opens his mouth to apologize.
Then Tony lifts his hand away and gets to work. There are a couple of typing sounds, here and there, but mostly Steve sees fragments of moving light when he glances up, as the holograms shift places. Steve, for his part, has nothing to do but kneel here. His mouth is full of Tony. When he breathes in, it's all Tony, his nose against Tony's skin. The hell of it is that right now he knows he can't work with Tony, can't stand to be on the same team with Tony without picking a fight -- but when Tony gives him something to keep his mouth full, it's almost like old times.
Steve stops short and his face drains of color. Tony wants to run away but doesn't think he has enough breath to make it.
Tony should get up and get Steve some water, or a washcloth. Get the plug out of him, probably. Instead he found himself tracing the line of Steve's throat with an idle finger, and Steve shivered.
. His eyes are wide, his gaze fixed on Tony's face, and he's smiling. Steve knows exactly who he's with. Blissful, euphoric, Tony thinks no one has ever loved him as much as Steve does.
"That doesn't follow," Steve said. "It's possible that he actually didn't like sleeping with you. But that doesn't mean you're bad at gay sex." He cupped Tony's face; Tony's curious gaze met his. "I don't know what he likes in bed, and I don't really want to know, but it's possible that what he likes is something unusually demanding or specific, something that most people wouldn't be any good at without practice. It's possible that he's hard to please because
Steve had assumed -- God, he'd been so naive -- that it had been Tony's streak of vanity making itself known. Some minor cut or scrape that was healing. Something he just didn't want to show off to the public, because it wasn't like the tabloids knew what Tony Stark's other day job involved and they would have drawn all the wrong conclusions. Something that wasn't that bad. Something that was going to
"It's a very useful letter," Tony says carefully, and, yeah, that's Tony making sure he hears the message. "It's the actual name of the pound sign."
Tony's mouth twists. "I know. And, I mean, I didn't have to act all that hard. I hope we never have to find out what I'd do if it were real. I get the feeling you might not like it." He breathes in sharply, and then out. He pats Steve's hair again. "I know I'm dropping. But I've spent a decade saving the world while feeling like shit." Tony sounds contemplative. "It's something I know how to do. This is just... one of the shittier times, is all. It's okay. It really is. Nothing that went wrong tonight is your fault." He steps back and nudges Ghost's unconscious body with the tip of his boot. "It's this bastard's fucking fault."
The second miscalculation was being naive enough to think that he could, in any way, shape, or form, ever get over loving Tony Stark.
"A fact that most people know about the Avengers is that Tony makes our gear," Steve began. "He does. But I'm not sure that most people understand what that means on a day-to-day level."
"Please tell me this is real," Tony whispered, brokenly. He sounded like he was starting to cry. "Please tell me I'm not dreaming. Please tell me you're really here."
The helmet tilts. "Okay." Tony's voice is barely audible through the filtering, a whisper of agreement.
, because what passed for ground level here was only a narrow catwalk above a cement floor that looked to be about twenty feet down, and naturally Steve vaulted over the railing without hesitation.
Tiberius waved a dismissive hand. "Oh, them? They don't count. You know that. I already knew them. Our sort of people, and all."
Steve's other hand -- the one that isn't desperately clutching Iron Man's -- roves over the plates of the armor, looking for locks, releases,
There's more than enough room for both of them on the bed, so that's where Steve sits. On another evening, it might have been an invitation to get up to something, and sometimes it has been; just because sex isn't currently a thing they're having doesn't mean that Steve can't close his eyes and let Iron Man kiss him until he can barely remember his own name.
would definitely not have been a word Tony would use about him ever again. How was he supposed to stop being in love with him? What could he do?
Tony's throat worked. "Yes," he said, his voice slow and halting. "But also no." He bit his lip. "You still have that place in Brooklyn, right?"
Tony wanted to be here, Steve told himself. This was, in fact, exactly the place he had picked. Tony wasn't going to mind how it looked.
Tony's eyes fell half-shut. "You're doing that thing where you make me want to believe you again, Winghead." His mouth twitched.
He couldn't tell Jan about the rest of the problem, of course, but right now dealing with this was more than enough.
Steve glanced over to see how Tony was taking this. Tony's face was almost gray, drained of all color.
Iron Man's certainly not the first person Steve's ever dated, but Steve can't recall feeling like this about Cynthia, or Betsy, or even Peggy. Oh, he'd felt deeply for all of them, of course, but it hadn't been anything like what he feels now. This is-- this is
Steve sprints toward them, getting there just in time for Iron Man to touch down. Iron Man sets the kid down -- and the kid promptly bursts into tears.
Repulsor rays lashed out-- and then stopped, about a foot in front of Mordo. A magical shield flickered to life, neatly absorbing all the energy.
He could feel his face heat. He wasn't rich. He didn't own things like that. No fancy cologne for him. He was simple. Maybe too simple for Tony.
"Me too," Tony agreed, fervently, and then his gaze settled on something just over Steve's shoulder. The television. The smile was fading rapidly from his face. "What the
Steve supposes they're going to talk about this now, at last. It's not like there's much else to do, trapped in a broken Quinjet at night.
Then Tony blinks and draws himself up with a clatter of metal, and Steve supposes he was listening after all.
But Tony just smiled. "Thanks. Maybe I'll give it a try, since you think so highly of it." He paused. "It did seem like I was reading it."
He finds Steve, thankfully, in the kitchen of the common area, as he'd suggested. Steve has found some civilian clothing in his room and is just finishing up making a turkey sandwich and putting everything away; bottles of condiments are scattered across the counter as if Steve had taken the time to get out everything unfamiliar to him -- which would have been a lot of them -- and read their names and ingredients. The sandwich is much smaller than the ones Steve usually makes himself; he's probably still trying to be a polite guest.
Tony smiles and presses his lips against Steve's. Steve doesn't have the coordination to kiss him back, but that's fine, that's great, because Tony's tongue is sliding inside his mouth and, oh, that feels nice, and then Tony's fingers tighten over the head of his cock and that feels even nicer, and then Steve's coming, helplessly, his cock jerking in Tony's hand, waves of pleasure washing over him like he's been denied for days and not hours, coming and coming, hot between their bodies.
Besides, he'd known Tony was queer for over a week now. And surely Tony should have seen by now that Steve wasn't in the throes of some kind of gay panic. Tony knew him better than that. Tony knew how many friends Steve had had who'd been queer, didn't he? Tony definitely knew about Arnie. Arnie had been Steve's childhood best friend, for God's sake. And he'd never treated Arnie any differently, not even back in the thirties when almost anyone else would have looked down on him for who he was. Arnie had been his friend, period. So Tony should have known, at the very least, that it wasn't homophobia. And they'd talked about this. They had.
"Great!" Steve yelled back, as the elevator dinged. He stepped inside. "Go right ahead! They can arrest your boss!"
"Absolutely." Tony's looking a little more relaxed too; he hadn't been joking, clearly. He's happier. For sure. Tony bats one leg in the air and smiles at him, almost coquettishly. None of the pin-up girls from the war have anything on him, because he's
He wasn't that much of a saint. Of course he wanted more. But-- "You don't have to," Steve said, hesitantly.
This is all his fault. He knew Tony shouldn't have been here. Tony can't do this, not in his state of mind. Steve thought it wasn't going to matter. Steve bet everything, and he lost. He was wrong.
"Isn't it?" Tony said, mirthless. "You were right there for the detailed review of my nonexistent talent in the field of gay sex." He winced. "I know, I know, don't talk about exes in bed. Rule number one."
The ride home was pleasant, as it always was with Jan and Hank, and it was a little past midnight when they got home, when Steve finally made it to his own room.
Tony was sober because Tiberius had stopped him from drinking. He was sober by Tiberius' mercy, which meant he was going to stay sober for as long as it pleased Tiberius to keep him sober. Steve didn't know how long that was going to last. But he didn't think Henry Hellrung was going to be able to help with this particular iteration of Tony's alcoholism. Not while Tiberius was there.
That was when Tony seemed to remember that he had hands and that he could use them, and after that Steve didn't have as many thoughts that he was capable of putting into words. Tony's clever fingers teased at his nipple as he licked and sucked and, God, it was all so good. Steve had always felt a little embarrassed about his sensitivity there, after the serum; he'd never told any of his other lovers that he'd wanted that. But right now there didn't seem like there could be anything to be afraid of.
He opened the book and stopped short at the inscription inside the front cover. He'd forgotten. Words sloped across the page in Tony's neat drafting hand.
A voice in the back of Steve's head was telling him that he should probably stop. He ignored it. He needed to say this. He was almost certain they weren't going to air it. But at least he'd have told them the truth.
He knew he didn't have the most suave way with words -- no, that was Tony's gift -- but he didn't think it was going to put Tony off any.
"I mean, it wasn't like either of us were going to say so on television," Steve said. "But that was absolutely what that was." He laughed a little. "You got about halfway there, honestly, guessing my motivation. You did figure out I was jealous."
He waited, but Tony didn't even try to offer to take the couch again. Yeah, that was another one of those bad signs.
Yes, God, yes. Tony had been hurting for years. Maybe his entire life. When Steve had been selfish enough to think that he could offer Tony something he might want, he'd dreamed of being good to Tony. He'd dreamed he could give Tony a day, a week, a month, a year of being happy. A lifetime, while he was dreaming it. Tony would always know that he was loved.
The screen of his phone, on the charger across the room, was lit up. He'd had it on silent, he realized, and someone had just called him, while he'd been putting away the pictures. He supposed he should see what they wanted. Maybe it was Carol or Jan. Maybe they'd left a message.
"Think about it!" Tony said. His eyes were bright, his face joyous, the way he always looked when he was in the grip of some revolutionary new idea. Oh, that was what this was. Tony was a genius, and he'd seen something here that Steve hadn't seen. "Not just the TV shows and the movies. That's fun, all right, but that's only the tip of the iceberg." He stepped closer, gesturing as he talked, wild and animated. "Think about how many situations there are where you could make a real difference in someone's life by putting them into an immersive virtual simulation, a simulation that you can't run in reality, either because it's cost-prohibitive or because it's simply something that can't be modeled in the real world."
At first Steve is confused, but then he realizes he can make a pretty good guess about that, now. "Because Iron Man needs the armor to live. And the doctors don't know it exists, do they?"
"Not quite yet," Tony said. He'd been thinking about this, and it seemed like it was worth a try. "It's not a spreader bar, but it's the best I can do for immobilization."
"Isn't it obvious?" Tony asked and, no, it was definitely not obvious to Steve. "It's about ethics in journalism! Ty has a duty to the truth. It wouldn't be right for him to kill a story just because he and I have a relationship, would it? He has more integrity than that."
"But mostly," Tony said, the words halting, his eyes lowered, "mostly I figured that if I didn't tell you-- if I didn't tell you-- I'd never have to find out what you really thought about-- about-- about men like me."
The man laughed. "You're the one walking around with near-infinite energy in your chest, Stark. I was thinking about cutting in line and... mmm... just cutting it out of you?"
Steve glanced away for a second and tapped something else out on his identicard. "Tigra's going to go on up to help Thor. They've got this. I'm going to stay right here at your side." He smiled a hesitant smile. Tears were starting to stain his cowl. "I'm not leaving, okay?"
"Here," Steve said, and he turned and pitched the ball of clothing in Tony's direction. It landed on the bed next to Tony. "You'll be a lot more comfortable if you're not trying to sleep in a suit."
polite." At least he looked like he was in a better mood than he had been before, as he took the plate. "Thank you, Tony."
It's clear that Tony's a fan of that idea too. Tony rocks his hips frantically against the air, looking for stimulation he's not getting, and he moans again around Steve's cock, sucking harder, taking him down deeper and deeper, still the best Steve's ever had. Steve can feel the pleasure building within him, higher and higher, and he locks his fingers in Tony's hair even tighter, which just makes Tony moan again, louder. He's close, God, he's so close. Almost there.
He's not sure the rules really apply. He's not sure there are rules. He finds he likes that thought.
Steve finds himself grinning as he lines up his next throw -- if his shield can carom off that streetlight there, he should be able to hit Zemo from behind, and the guy will never know what took him down.
"It's nice of you to say so." Tony's smile wasn't reaching his eyes anymore. "But come on. We both know I'm a serious disappointment. It's okay to admit it."
He has a few seconds while Ghost is too stunned to move. He fumbles blindly, shoves something to the side that must be Ghost's cloak, and then his fingers close around the drive. He yanks it upwards, and as soon as the drive is no longer touching Ghost, it's visible again, in his hands--
Tony stared back at him, unfazed. "Remind me again," he said, voice laden with sarcasm. "Which of us is going to be facing multiple homicide charges?"
He couldn't see how this was better than not telling him. He'd never seen how this was better. Did Tony think Steve was going to be okay if Tony had a massive heart attack in the middle of battle, a heart attack that Steve would have had no idea was even a possibility? Was it going to be better if Steve didn't know it was coming? Was that somehow going to hurt Steve less? How was keeping it a secret going to help anyone? He'd known Tony was Iron Man for five years, and it wasn't like Tony hadn't had health problems after Steve had found out. Had Steve ever asked him to leave the team, back then? He didn't think so. He'd known who Iron Man was. He'd still wanted him on the Avengers. He always had. Did Tony not believe that?
"I wish I could have done something," he admitted. "Of course I wish I could have kept any of that from happening to you. But I don't think I could have been... what you needed. Practically speaking, I wasn't single. If you'd said something right then, I would have said no. But even if I'd been single, I-- I don't think I'd have been good enough for you."
Ghost grunts in surprise and pain and his hands open involuntarily as his arms take the blow. The drive arcs out of his grasp; at the speed it's moving, it's easily free of the last of the cords, tumbling toward the floor.
Steve kept stroking Tony's back. He wondered if it was too intimate, if he'd been holding him for too long; this had gone far past a plausibly-deniable manly pat on the shoulder. He thought maybe they'd already started out past there. But Tony didn't seem to care, because Tony was still clinging to him like he was the last life preserver on a sinking ship.
Tony must have leaned in to whisper; when he spoke, his breath was warm against Steve's ear, and Steve tried not to shiver. "Oh, before about twelve hours ago, Cap, you most definitely had."
"Of course we've got time for you, Tony," Jan said, which was good because Steve had no idea what he could possibly say to him. "How are you?"
Terrified, betrayed by the universe, Steve's face went bone-white in an instant. The pressure of Steve's fingers let up, but that wasn't a problem, because Tony wasn't going to make it out alive anyway. And then Steve was scrambling, making his way up Tony's body, lifting Tony's head out of the rest of the helmet with his sticky, blood-soaked hands, cradling his head tenderly between his palms. That felt nice. That was good. Tony liked that.
"All set." Tony's voice is brisk. "What I've got planned for today is mostly some Resilient paperwork and maybe some work on the armor if I finish that early enough, but you know how much I always appreciate your help, Commander."
"You didn't like that part, did you?" Tony murmurs, a brief break in character. "I'm sorry. I'll make it better next time." And then his fingers tighten roughly in Steve's hair and he raises his voice. "And here you are. Come on, Commander. You know where your place is."
Turning, Steve takes another step toward the doorway. Somewhere behind him, the stool Mr. Stark is sitting on rattles. Steve ignores it.
Mr. Stark looks like hell. He looks like he's been crying his eyes out since Steve saw him last. He probably has been. His face is awful and blotchy, still alarmingly gray everywhere it isn't bright red. His eyes are red-rimmed. Half his hair is mussed from the helmet, and the other half is plastered to his skull with sweat. Broken blood vessels dot his cheeks, and rivulets of tears shine in the light.
, so much," Steve temporizes, trying to find a way not to speak ill of Mr. Stark. Iron Man does work for him, after all, and Mr. Stark is kind enough to fund the Avengers -- even if he insists on saying infuriating and insulting things about Iron Man. "But this is Mr. Stark's workshop, and I thought maybe you'd asked him to help with... whatever you're planning. So I was expecting him, I suppose."
Steve licks his lips, nods. Takes a step of his own toward him, not quite coming all the way up to meet Tony, not yet.
"I want you to stay right here," Tony told him. He drew one finger down to Steve's belt buckle, and Steve swallowed hard. "I want to watch every second. And I want to help."
Tony was an excellent passenger; Steve wouldn't have expected anything else from him, but even so, he was pleasantly surprised at how easy Tony made it for him. Tony knew to not make sudden movements or shift his weight. He knew how to keep his balance. He knew not to put his own feet down when they were stopped at a light. He didn't lean too far in on the turns. He'd probably ridden before. Steve couldn't remember ever seeing Tony on a bike, but over the years he'd concluded that Tony knew how to operate every vehicle that existed, from speedboats to spaceships. So of course he was good. In terms of ability, Steve couldn't have asked for anyone better.
. The word no one was saying. It had to be more than just a scene for Steve, didn't it? Maybe only Tony felt like this.
Tony shakes his head wildly and squeezes his eyes closed. "I-- I can't-- you--" He takes a gasping breath. "Your amnesia. It's my fault. You-- it was an accident. I'm sorry. It's all my fault."
"You're very welcome," Iron Man says, as he watches Eddie stick the stickers on his ash-streaked t-shirt. "See, there, now you have a Captain America one. That's the best one. He's my favorite Avenger."
He tried again. "I mean, I know what you say about most of those businessmen you know. Like your Dragons & Dungeons thing you told me about."
Stark Tower is scrupulously well-maintained, and the elevator ride is silent and smooth. The only reason Steve knows they're moving at all is that the little red numbers on the wall keep ticking up.
He knew most people would wait. That they would consider it much, much too soon to get involved with someone hours after they'd left their abuser. But at the same time the thought of waiting any longer was intolerable. Tony was here, now, and Tony wanted him, and it had been an entire damn decade of waiting already. And surely Tony would know if he were ready or not.
One of Tony's hands flails backward, fingers brushing the edge of the towel that's still draped over his ass, and then Steve gets it. Yeah, if he-- well, if he straddles Tony and basically sits on him, he'll have a workable angle, all right. Steve does, however, still have a fairly noticeable erection, and ordinarily he wouldn't do this, specifically, unless he was sure his partner wanted the evening to turn into something more than a massage. But Tony did say it was fine even if he wasn't along for the ride. And Tony's asking for this.
." His face is contorted in anguish, and that's when Steve realizes that Mr. Stark is answering an entirely different question from the one Steve is trying to ask. "Iron Man's identity is a secret. Revealing that kind of information to anyone, even you, would be a grave breach of his privacy and also an egregious violation of his trust. You're asking me to break a promise. If you want to know, you'll have to ask him yourself. I'm sorry."
Sure, Tony had a point. It made logical sense, when Steve worked it out. All the parts followed. He could see why Tony believed it. Tony liked logic. But it just didn't feel like the right thing to do. Steve didn't know how relationships worked where Tony came from, but where Steve came from, the bare minimum of being in a relationship with someone was not broadcasting unsubstantiated murder allegations about them as the top story on your cable news channel.
It hadn't been like that with Tony -- or for that matter, with Iron Man. He'd opened his eyes on that submarine and seen Iron Man, and Tony had looked back at him, and they'd just... headed straight for each other. He knew he got oddly possessive about his friends, sometimes, especially his teammates. He always had. Everyone else had pulled back eventually, because that was what you were supposed to do. You couldn't be that fixated on someone for years. At least, he'd thought you couldn't. And then he'd met Tony and they'd both just been... crazy about each other. Obviously it hadn't been in a romantic sense on Tony's end, though it had been for him. He'd been waiting for Tony to stop, to draw back, to turn their friendship into something normal. But Tony hadn't, and he hadn't either. Carol had been right to call them
"Now we wait for rescue," Tony said, "and since I'm pretty sure you're stable enough to move, I'm not going to feel guilty about doing this."
Tony bites his lip. "I knew what I wanted it to be," he whispers. "But I also know what-- what I'm good at. What people want from me. Asking for more from you -- it'd be like double or nothing. And, sure, I wanted double. But I was too selfish to settle for nothing. And I thought if we just-- if we just kept sleeping together, it wouldn't be nothing."
"You can't know that for sure," Steve counters. "And I don't need to know your secrets. I've told you that. As far as I'm concerned, I know who you are. I know the important things. I know I love you."
"Sadly, yes." Jan said. "Time comes for us all. Except maybe you, Cap. I think you've hardly aged." She grinned. "Wish I knew your secret."
Steve turns and heads for the front entrance of Stark Tower as Tony's heavy footsteps echo behind him. He feels more than a little odd taking point on this operation when by all rights Tony should be leading the way.
"That's gorgeous," Tony said, admiring. "When I'm done with your ass I'm going to have to roll you over and slap you properly."
"Huh," Tony said, softly. He glanced back down at the book, newfound interest in his eyes. "They definitely didn't tell us that about him in school. And now I'm very sure Ty hasn't read this. He wouldn't have... wanted anyone to leap to any conclusions about him."
Leaping forward, Steve unslings his shield, throws it, and when it bounces off nothing Steve deliberately dodges it -- Tony can hang onto that for him -- and punches the air. His fist connects with something solid.
"And I don't know the half of them, I know," Tony acknowledged. "But we did so many good things, too. Maybe that evens it out. Clean slate. A brand new day."
Steve can make a good guess, but he has no idea what the protocols actually are. He does need to know. And Tony's employees aren't bothering to explain it to him, because they probably figure that the explanations are Iron Man's job and that Captain America is the sidekick tonight.
"I can't walk," Tony repeats. His voice is nowhere near as strong as it should be. "I can't even stand up. There are servos in the armor. They're programmed to assist with balance and movement. The whole thing's holding me up. Sometimes I-- well, you know." Steve definitely does not know. "Sometimes I have to do that. Like now."
Tony picked up the tube of Vaseline in one hand and coated his fingers. Definitely not his favorite lube, but next time they could get something better. "I've got you," Tony said. "I'm just going to plug you up first. That way it'll feel even nicer when I hit you, mmm? You'll have something good and solid to hold onto."
Oh, it wasn't that Tony didn't have a toybox of his own -- in fact, he had quite a collection, as almost every sub he'd played with could attest to -- but it was all in California right now. None of it was here. He'd swear that on his armor.
was queer. Tony thought this was Steve showing him kindness, showing him acceptance, showing him that he actually wasn't homophobic, showing him that he was the sort of thoughtful straight ally who was trying hard enough that he was reading gay literature. And, sure, if Steve had been straight, that might even have been something he would have done. But he wasn't straight.
"Boy, am I ever glad that actually worked," Tony says. His voice is still raspy, but he sounds right. He sounds like his ordinary self. He sounds relieved. Of course he does. "Would have been more than a little awkward if it hadn't, right?" The laugh sounds a little forced, but it's the best sound Steve's ever heard. "I've had that particular countermeasure hooked up for a while, but obviously I've never gotten the chance to test it in real-world conditions. All the terminals in the building that can access classified data are wired up like that, because I figured Ghost wasn't ever going to stop breaking in."
Tony wasn't the kind of man who would do this. Steve might not have known Tiberius Stone well, but he knew Tony Stark inside out. Tony would never have done this. To anyone. Relationship or no.
"No, no! You don't need to do that. Really, you don't need to bring him into it." The words are awkward in Steve's mouth, and he wonders how Iron Man isn't sick of him yet. Iron Man spends so much time around Mr. Stark, after all; surely he must expect someone more suave than Steve?
When Tony had hugged him after getting out of DreamVision, he'd been trying to convince himself that Steve was real. Now he clung to Steve like Steve was the only real thing in the entire world. He was wrapped tightly around Steve, and this him Steve could feel the heat of him against his hands through the thin fabric of Tony's shirt. Once again, Tony had somehow tucked his head under Steve's chin. Steve hoped he was more comfortable now that he wasn't shoving his face against scale-mail. Tony's breath was hot, shuddering over Steve's skin, and his face was damp against Steve's throat. Tony was trembling in Steve's arms, shaking as he cried.
"Tiberius knew you were there," Steve said. Dull horror was taking root in his stomach. "He asked you to be there. Tony, he knew
"Uh," Iron Man says, and Steve can feel the long muscles of his thighs start to tense up. "Is that what you meant to do?"
Steve promptly rolled over -- with a helpful push from Tony -- and, oh, yeah, that was the good stuff. Face down, ass in the air, legs spread just wide enough for things to get interesting. Steve's cock dangled against his thigh, huge and dark, and Tony reached out and ran his hand over it, just to see what Steve would do, which was to shudder and moan and push up into his hand.
"You should pose with your shield and just this," Tony said, the words slipping out of him. What if that was too weird? What if--?
It was noon now, and as far as Steve was concerned, it was a perfectly good time for Sunday brunch. The reservation was an hour from now. Steve had automatic access to Tony's penthouse in Stark Tower -- he was pretty sure he had automatic access to everywhere Tony had ever lived -- and Tony never minded if he came by without calling first, so mostly he'd stopped calling first. Instead he dropped in, hauled Tony away from his armor or his paperwork, and got some food in him. And Tony had always, always been happy to see him. There was no reason that today was going to be any different.
On Sunday evening, he was sitting in the front parlor, laptop open on the side table next to him, graphics tablet balanced in his lap. The dictation program had been great, but it had been hard to talk his way through tactical diagrams. He needed his hands for those. He was glad he had both his hands again.
"No, it's okay," Steve assured her. "I absolutely still care about him." That was going to sound weird. "It doesn't make a lot of sense, I know. If I could tell you the whole story I would, but it's not-- it's not mine to tell." He paused. It had to be okay to say this much. He wasn't going to mention Tiberius. "Tony's not drinking right now. I'm certain of that. But I know he-- he came pretty close last night." He sighed. "It's hard for me to tell you more without touching on... the things I can't talk about. But I think right now Tony's not in a position where he's going to be happy accepting help from anyone."
. I was shy. Quiet, even. Didn't have a lot of friends. I was always daydreaming. I liked robots. I liked books. Stories. King Arthur." He met Steve's gaze. "Captain America."
a second job, can he? The pay for active Avengers is generous enough that Steve comes nowhere close to spending it all, and he still wouldn't even if -- like Iron Man -- he had to pay for his own room and board elsewhere. Maybe Iron Man really does need the money. It's not Steve's business, not if Iron Man doesn't make it his business.
"That's nice to hear," Tony said, still smiling. "I'll see what I can do about making it even better."
Oh. Yeah. That was something they were going to need to figure out, wasn't it? What their relationship was going to look like outside this room. Who they were going to tell. If they were going to tell anyone else at all.
Tony takes a step closer, and then another step. His hands settle onto Steve's shoulders, and then Steve wraps his arms around Tony's waist and gently pulls Tony over, atop him, pulling him backwards onto the bed.
"No," Tony clarified. "I mean, things you probably want." His eyes were wider, nervous. Steve was going to guess that talking about this with Tiberius hadn't gone well. "I don't want to swallow," he said in one ashamed rush. "I mean, I can if you want me to, obviously I can if you want me to," he added, quickly, like in the time since he'd said it he'd already decided it wasn't okay not to want this. Like he thought Steve was going to be mad at him for asking. "I just. It's just a preference. Not important."
For a few seconds Iron Man is quiet, and then he makes a soft, wet noise. When Steve looks over, the eyes behind the mask are suspiciously luminous. Is Iron Man
. Not everything could be replaced, and some of the second floor, where the personnel quarters were, was still intact. If they were lucky, some of the team could have their possessions back.
"Yeah," Tony admitted. He wanted to crawl in a hole and die, although maybe not as much as Steve clearly did.
By the time he made it home, Steve was forced to acknowledge that he'd only managed to keep himself together this long for Tony's sake.
Steve obligingly slid his hand down. "You could just tell me your name, you know," he murmured. "Save your strength, Shellhead."
"I didn't know you'd be... doing all this," Steve says, gesturing vaguely around him. "I didn't expect-- doesn't Mr. Stark need a driver? How did you talk him into this?"
Tony chuckled. "Never thought I'd hear a dirty joke come out of your mouth." From this close, Steve's entire world was Tony's delighted smile.
He supposed Steve was right. "Yeah. I guess I've got one too." He picked up the crop, considering. "I'm going to start nice and slow with the crop. Warm you up a little before we move on to the floggers."
Tony was dizzy and clammy; every inch of him that wasn't sticky with blood was damp with cold, cold sweat, but even with that, he felt hot. A paradox. He really wanted to be sick. The room was spinning.
So Steve wraps his arms around Tony and holds on, because he knows Tony and he knows how to do this.
Tony was nuzzling him again, his cheek pressing against Steve's. His breath was pleasantly warm against Steve's ear, and his beard was actually soft, tickling a little. Steve was rapidly developing a fondness for the sensation.
, he didn't need to say. "The battle itself turned out to be pretty, uh, anticlimactic. Apparently Thor took Mordo out before he even knew Thor was there, and then Thor left Tigra to guard him while he ran down to help me with you. He, um. He knows who you are now. Sorry. Tigra probably does too."
And then it's even worse, because he actually has to meet Captain America. As Iron Man, he puts it off, pleading illness -- which is, of course, actually the case -- and manages to stay away from him until they reach New York. He ducks back into doorways whenever he hears booted feet on the floor. He knows even a glimpse will set him off, now.
Steve shivered and exhaled, sliding his knees wider. He looked like a monument to pornography, giving it all up to Tony. Tony pressed the tip of the plug to Steve's hole; Steve groaned as he pushed it in, one long sigh, and then a moan as it finally settled, slick with lube. If Steve weren't face-down, he'd have to be making an effort to hold it in, clenching and tightening around it the way he might take Tony's cock. That was a hell of a thought.
Five minutes later, Steve had scrounged up a pair of sweatpants and an old t-shirt from the lockers next to the gym, Carol had done her magical clothing transformation into something more appropriate, and they stood across from each other on the largest of the mats.
Tony's eyes flutter and fall shut. Steve's not sure Tony's listening to the exact words he's saying, and it doesn't matter if he does. The words are there to calm him. If Tony's feeling better, then it's the right thing. And Steve can hold together for Tony, because Tony did the same for him.
Then Radioactive Man stretched out his free hand and fired an energy blast directly at Tony's head. Tony turned away just barely in time. As he spun toward the camera, Steve saw that the entire left side of Tony's helmet had
"Hey," Steve called after Tony, as Tony grabbed his coat and briefcase and hurried to the hallway. "Let me know how you're doing later, okay?"
"No, that's not the problem," Tony said. He sighed again. He still looked worried. "You're not pushing me. It's just-- I can do better by you than this. This can't be how you ever pictured this happening. Come on. You only get one first time. I can treat you right."
"You're not. You're really not, I promise. Everything's okay." Iron Man's voice is low and coaxing, sympathetic, and he fits his hand over Steve's. "Hey. Look at me?"
The hand had splinted easily enough, it was only the hand and not the wrist, and it was setting nicely. He could hang his shield on his arm if he had to; he'd be combat-ready in an emergency. But it wasn't ideal, and it sure didn't stop him from feeling like a colossal idiot. He hadn't solved any of his problems. He'd just made more of them. Now he was still upset, sad, and jealous
The other half of the solution was that Tony needed to not believe people when they told him that he deserved what they were doing to him, but Steve wasn't sure that was something he could help him with, except by trying to convince Tony that he actually deserved better than he'd gotten. And that, well... that was a work in progress. It had always been.
Carol's arms were outstretched, hands fisted, as she barreled back toward him, picking up speed in the air.
"Please," Tony gasps, and the word is cut off by a groan as Steve bites his nipple at the same time as he gets Tony's fly undone and, oh God,
He could do this. He was doing this. Tony was here. Tony was safe. Tony was his friend. What more could he want from Tony than he already had? God, he knew Tony loved him. Of course Tony loved him. It wasn't like he needed sex to live. He didn't need that from Tony. If he just needed the release, his own hand worked well enough. He'd been perfectly all right being Tony's friend for a decade. That didn't have to change now that he knew Tony was queer too. It didn't make a difference. What was he missing? Nothing, that was what.
He could feel his own face heat up; he hoped Steve couldn't see. Steve was probably just high on his own endorphins and would say anything right now. That made more sense.
Okay, so Iron Man definitely knows about Mr. Stark's offer. And that's good, Steve supposes, that Mr. Stark doesn't bear him any ill-will over it. He was so kind. Steve wants him to be happy too. He'll find someone. Steve's certain of that. Surely anyone would want him.
"Getting you something to wear," Steve says, because Tony did ask him to keep talking, so why not narrate his activities? "I've already got my uniform. That's the dresser drawer now. Just sorting through, uh, your underthings."
That was... well, that was one hell of a responsibility, honestly. But Steve could step up. He loved Tony, and Tony could have whatever he wanted from him. Steve could give him this.
To his surprise, Tony's nodding; his hair rustles against the pillow. "Yeah, actually," he says. His voice is slow, low, unhurried. "If you could-- my neck? Neck and shoulders? Both sides? That's still, um. Pretty tense."
"Oh!" Iron Man mouths the sound to himself, a surprised little breath of realization, barely voicing it.
Steve frowns. "He couldn't go to a doctor?" Wouldn't Mr. Stark want his own bodyguard to have the best care money could buy?
Steve grinned at him. "Then I'm looking forward to discovering more of your talents, and also a voltage reading on that circuit."
Halfway through swallowing, Tony coughed and nearly choked on his water. But he was grinning. "God, do I ever need that right now."
His eyes wide, his half-open mouth still slick and red, Tony stares up at him, confused and bereft, like he has no idea what's going on, like he's far enough down that he can't even tell why Steve stopped. That's-- that's not a good sign.
Steve hadn't seen him smile like that since-- well, since before Rumiko had left him, at least. It had been longer than that, actually, now that Steve thought about it. There had been that mess with the Sentient Armor a few weeks ago, and after that Tony had definitely stopped smiling, and he'd started buttoning his shirts all the way up again. Steve gathered, based on Tony's report, that there had been some kind of cardiac damage. Again. Tony hadn't offered many details, and Steve hadn't asked.
He's in the middle of taking care of the less-critical evidence, stripping the blood-covered pillowcases, when Ty comes back from lacrosse practice and unfortunately makes him go to the school nurse, who calls Howard, who takes him home and calls one of the family's private physicians, and Tony has the most mortifying conversation in the world with a seventy-year-old man who wants to talk to him about
"Me too." Tony was smiling back, but then the smile faltered. "I didn't, uh. I didn't tell Jan the whole truth." His voice was hesitant. "I know you know that, I mean, you were right here. But... I didn't. I don't-- I don't know what you wanted me to tell her. If that's. If it was okay."
"You don't have to say it back," Steve says, which is both a true statement and a knife in his heart. "It's okay. But I'm-- I'm a sure thing, for you. However you want me. You're not going to lose me, all right? You don't get nothing. No matter what."
It didn't taste bad, but there was more than Steve had been expecting, and he couldn't quite swallow it all, but he did his best, holding Tony's cock in his mouth for the last final twitches of pleasure. Tony had sprawled back against the pillows, his hands lax on the back of Steve's neck. His eyes were closed again, and a blissful smile curved across his lips. This was Tony when all the masks were off. Steve wanted to see him like this every single day for the rest of his life.
He looked away from Tony. He looked around the room. He tried to think. He stared up at the skylight, then down at the squares of illumination spreading across the floor.
The smile Steve treats him to in return is, surprisingly, one hundred percent Steve. It's that dorky, goofy wide grin that Steve gets when he's about to make a terrible,
"I care about you more than anyone else in the whole damn world. You're still my friend. And you're not going to lose me. No matter who you love. I'm still in your corner, okay?"
Steve gives him his best and most hopeful smile. "I had a great time with you tonight," he says, honestly. Earnestly. He's never considered himself very capable of subterfuge, and so for him its opposite is a feature: he wants people to know where they stand with him. And he really wants Iron Man to, in particular. "I just wanted to tell you that. Uh. In a little more detail. In private."
This was what Tony had meant. When he'd been talking about making charges stick, about his word against Tiberius', he'd meant this.
It was hard to think about, and harder to talk about. "I wasn't ready for you. Not then. I wouldn't have been ready." He might as well be as plain as he could. "I'd have fucked it all up."
Steve's face is hot and he jerks his hands away. It's obvious he shouldn't have presumed to try to touch him. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Stark," he says, practically stammering his way through the man's name. "It's kind of you, but I don't want to bother either of you. I'm sure I'll have plenty of chances to talk to Iron Man later."
Tony studies his face for a few seconds, and Steve doesn't know what he sees, but whatever it is, it does the trick. Tony crawls into Steve's arms.
"I know," Steve said, and that probably hadn't been the right thing to say, but he didn't know what was. "I know it wasn't you. I read your report. Of course it wasn't your fault. I know you'd never have killed him. I've got your back. Always.
Had Tony forgotten? "I tried to tell you," Steve told him. "When the first story broke. I tried to tell you then." He knew he was getting louder, angrier, more frustrated. "You didn't believe me!"
Tony's reply was low, his voice rough with desire. "I was going to say the same thing." He was smiling, smiling like he was never going to stop.
And Tony was smiling at something, maybe something he was reading. It was a real smile. The curve of his lips was mesmerizing. He was
Tony's lips were parted in surprise; he was staring at Steve like the thought that Steve might have been concerned about him had literally never crossed his mind. "Steve, I--" he began, hesitantly. "It never even occurred to me that-- I wasn't thinking-- I'm so sorry, I should have been clearer in the report--"
"Well?" Steve asks, like he's prompting him. "Going to ask me out, or do I have to do all the work around here?"
"Fine, fine," Mr. Stark says. He pauses. He swallows, glancing away, and the nervousness looks real, not feigned -- but then his gaze is back on Steve again, with that same thousand-watt smile. Steve has met presidents and movie stars, and this man would outshine every one of them. "I just... had a question for you."
Steve's almost certain that Tony's been in battle while having honest-to-God heart attacks before. On some metric, this has to not be the worst physical or mental state Tony's ever been in while on a mission.
"But Maurice is so happy anyway," Steve said. "He's in love with a guy, and he thinks he's got it made. He thinks this is as good as it gets. He doesn't think Clive's an asshole, because Clive loves him. Clive's cruel, but Maurice puts up with it. And then after they graduate, Clive breaks up with him. He says he's straight. He's marrying a woman. And Maurice, he's despondent. Miserable. He goes to doctors. Wants to be cured of being gay. They can't, of course. So he's just miserable. Suicidal, even."
He waved his hand, and as the audience laughed at his joke -- Steve had the vague idea that that had been a Star Wars joke, somehow -- the screen changed again. Now the woman was wearing flowing robes and swinging a glowing sword, fighting another robed figure, a man with horns and red-patterned skin. His sword looked more like a staff. He reminded Steve of Mephisto, just a little. It was probably also a Star Wars film, but Steve hadn't seen this one.
The doors opened as the elevator dinged again, and Steve stepped out softly, silently, into an empty room. It looked like the security guard hadn't called ahead after all.
They don't spend a great deal of their time together here at Stark Tower. Tony's usually here by himself, on those nights when work keeps him too late to easily come home afterward. This place isn't their home, not like the mansion is. But Steve's been here often enough to know his way around, and his feet carry him unerringly to the bedroom.
"I'm sure it'll still feel pretty great," Steve said, which was the truth. Besides, then he might actually last longer than thirty seconds. "And if it's going to make you feel more comfortable, then I'm absolutely in favor of it. Why wouldn't I be?"
"You shouldn't be here." Tony was starting to sound frantic; somehow Steve's reassurances hadn't been enough. "Why are you here? You left. You were moving out. I thought I got him, I thought I got him good and that was why I woke up, but I have to be dreaming this. You wouldn't be here for me."
Tony reached over and patted Steve on the shoulder with one gauntleted hand. He wished he could hug him. He wished he could kiss him. Steve definitely didn't want that. "Hey, hey. You remember what I said to the team the other day? We're going to rebuild. It's going to be our home again. All of this?" He gestured at the smashed facade. "This is just stuff. We're all alive, and that's what's important."
"I really do," Steve told him. "I like it. I love you," he added, just to see Tony smile again. "Wonderful."
"I'm here because I'm an Avenger," Steve informs him. "And what is it you're doing here, exactly?" he asks.
So Tony didn't know that Steve himself was queer, but that-- that was different. Wasn't it? It wasn't like Steve had ever actually been with a man, and he knew his inexperience could hardly make him sound convincing to anyone at all. Or, for that matter, appealing as a romantic prospect. There wasn't a kind way to gain experience, either. Even though Steve was single now, now that he and Connie had parted ways, he could have dated a man if he'd wanted to. It would have been cruel of him to string along someone he wasn't really interested in, or to make someone else an experiment for his bisexual curiosity. It wouldn't be fair to them. Other men were attractive, sure, but no one else was Tony. And, anyway, it hardly mattered, because Tony didn't like men and therefore Tony certainly didn't like him and that was the end of it.
Tony caught himself just in time, and Steve knew why. He must still not have told Tiberius he was Iron Man. Steve wondered if he ever would. And it wasn't really a surprise to learn that Tony had worried about Steve's reaction to his secret identity, either.
That was all very sweet, and it did go a long way to making Steve feel better, but that couldn't be right, could it? Tony had definitely loved Tiberius first. He'd said so. Steve frowned. "You can't have," he said. "It was him. Wasn't it?"
Steve rubs his fingertips over Tony's back in little circles as Tony shakes against him, and he has a much more specific idea. Whether Tony wants it -- well, that's the question. The only way he can find out the answer is if he asks Tony. So that's what he'll do.
good. That's something I know. You, uh. You might have caught me telling that to the whole world on national television." He could feel his face heat up. He wasn't going to apologize for caring about Tony, but he'd really gone out there with his heart on his sleeve. And Tony had seen that, even if he'd never know the full extent of Steve's feelings for him.
, anyway. He just feels like shit about how the fight with Ghost went. That hardly merits aftercare.
Steve's face is hot anyway, somehow, even though it feels like most of the blood in his body is a lot lower. "Um," Steve says. "I, uh. Yeah."
Steve frowned. He clearly wasn't going to be able to think through this in his current state of mind. "What?"
"Oh," Tony said, the fight gone out of him. He looked like he wanted to hit himself in the face. "That-- that wasn't in the history books."
"Yeah, sure," Tony said. He was confused, but, hell, it was Steve. He'd do anything Steve wanted. Always had, always would.
Tony trailed the flogger lightly up Steve's spine just to watch the anticipatory shiver pass over Steve's unmarred, dewy-gold skin, as Steve's body tried to figure out what was coming next. He tipped Steve's chin into his hand and wiped off a line of tears with his thumb.
Tony held out his hands, palm-down, a habit he'd picked up from years of being Iron Man. "Hey, hey, Steve, no!" he said, soft and coaxing. "Nothing to feel bad about, okay? You've done nothing wrong. This is what I get for not checking my messages, right? It's my fault. Totally forgot we had plans." His face twisted, stricken. "Did I strand you at the party last night? Oh, no. I did, didn't I?" His teeth worried at his lower lip. Steve really, really needed to not stare at Tony's mouth.
"Well," Steve says, very gently, because he's not about to let that pass, "I think you're under a lot of stress right now."
, and it's silly to think that, because obviously he's kissed Iron Man before, and Steve knows he's human under there -- but this is a different kind of intimacy. He's allowed to linger. And even if he isn't permitted to see Iron Man's face, he can look at him now. He can look at him like this, learn the form of him that the armor hides.
Steve has an idea. He's not even sure it's a good idea. But now that he's thought of it, he can't not say it.
"Please." Steve's voice was hoarse with desire, and then he reached out, not touching Tony, but instead pressing his wrists together as he stretched his arms out, ready for the cuffs, and Tony thought it was, definitely, the number one hottest thing he had seen in his life.
Once, a few years ago, Tony had slipped off the mansion roof during repairs and taken a header into the flowerbeds, three stories down. He'd been armored up, so it could have been a whole lot worse than it had ended up being, but he hadn't reacted fast enough to brake completely. When Steve had ripped his helmet off, Tony had blinked up at him, startled, gaze not tracking, not sure for a few seconds where he was, reacting to Steve's frantic questions like he didn't quite remember human language, and clearly heading into a nasty concussion, one that had taken him a good few weeks to recover from.
Steve sounded less calm now. Less calm, more plaintive. More desperate. He was still staring at the wound. Tony didn't blame him.
There's the faintest trace of a smile behind the darkness of the mouth-slit. "You're better than I deserve," he says, and Steve doesn't know what to say to that.
at a time like this, and also because if Steve turned his head he could actually bite Tony's fingers.
, in a way he can't quite put words to. When he touches Tony, it's like he's never been meant to do anything else, a thought that's almost like blasphemy from Steve, a man whose life has been given so much greater purpose. But sometimes he can admit that he likes this one best. He's here for Tony.
"Mmm-hmm," Fury said. "Friends. Do you even remember any of their names, Stark? Did you ever even ask them?"
Was this happening? Was this really happening? It couldn't be. Just a few hours ago, Tony had told him he didn't believe him. What the hell had happened in the meantime? Was he all right? Was he safe?
The world is soft-edged. Steve feels like he's floating. Tony gently wipes him up with one of the discarded towels and then stretches out next to him, wrapping an arm and a leg possessively over him.
"Sixty-seven years," he breathes. He holds out one hand in front of him. Turns it over. "I don't look old," he marvels. "I don't feel old." Tony knows Steve is probably wondering if it's the serum. He also knows that this Steve isn't going to volunteer anything about the existence of the serum.
Tony was practically nuzzling Steve's hand, apparently eager for as much of Steve as he could get. He seemed calmer. Happier. "Mmm. Can you say that part again?"
So Steve smiled gamely back and tried to be as fair and as honest as he could. "It's hard to say," Steve temporized, hoping he didn't sound too unkind. "I didn't get much of a chance to talk to him, after all. But he seems like... an interesting character."
And he hadn't talked to Steve personally, either. Steve had asked him to call him. He hadn't. The dictation program had appeared on Steve's computer that night, so Tony had clearly been thinking about him. He just hadn't said anything to him.
just spend a day tied up in the basement, courtesy of Baron Zemo. I'd understand if you wanted to take a pass on the chains too."
Ghost's head tilts up, and even though Steve can't see his face, he knows damn well that Ghost is looking right at him. They're both motionless, and honestly they're probably both equally startled. This doesn't bode well for the rest of the battle.
He exhales hard in relief as Tony settles down into the seat at Steve's side. Unafraid, Tony runs his hand over Steve's arm, buckled down to the bed. Between the long sleeves and the thick restraints, Steve can't quite feel it the same way as he would have a few hours ago, but the act warms him anyway.
"Well," Steve said, trying in vain to think of something optimistic to say, "at least she got out of your life after that."
He slides his fingers under the inner edge of the top of the chestplate, where the plate curves to follow Tony's neckline. There's an almost-imperceptible depression underneath the edge, right where Tony's collarbone starts, just wide enough for his fingertip, shallow enough that enhanced senses are practically required in order to find it.
But Mr. Stark doesn't say anything like that. He just smiles a very small smile and regards Steve attentively. He's waiting to see what Steve will do, Steve realizes.
"It's not so bad, really," Iron Man continues. "I just have to charge it every so often. That's why I always have to leave in a hurry. Believe me, I'd rather stay with you. But if I don't get to an outlet on a regular basis, the battery runs out of juice." He laughs. "No one knows that either."
It couldn't be a mistake. Love wasn't a mistake. Maybe Tony had fallen for people he shouldn't have. Maybe more than once. But that didn't mean the problem was love. Or Tony. The problem was everyone else.
Tony bit his lip again. "But you're upset with me," he said, quietly, and, God, he was a genius, wasn't he? "You're upset that I didn't tell you."
"I'm fine," he assured Tony. It was sort of a lie, because he was miserable, but he wasn't actually dying, and that was what Tony wanted to know. "It happened a couple days ago." That part was definitely a lie, but if he said
Iron Man crackles and coughs. "Don't," he breathes, his voice so close to human and yet so distorted by the intermittent filter that Steve can barely make out what he's saying. "Steve, no,
Steve opens his eyes and he's human again. His face is even more flushed, and there's sweat coursing down the hollow of his throat. When Steve finally, gently, pulls out, Tony feels his come trickling out of him, dripping down his thighs. It's a mess, but Tony likes it like that.
"No," Steve echoed, hollowly. "I suppose you really couldn't ask for anything more." He tried to smile. "Just take care of yourself, okay, Shellhead?"
"Yeah." Steve took a few breaths to try to compose himself. He was still too close to think straight. "I, uh. I can keep going. I do last longer after the first one," he assured Tony, not that Tony seemed to need the reassurance, "and I definitely don't have to if you don't want to go to all that trouble" -- Tony mouthed
He clambered up Steve's body and unhooked the chain on his arms by feel, unwinding it as best he could, and Steve promptly put his arms down and drew him close. The cuffs slid over Tony's back. Eventually, Tony knew, they'd have to get Steve cleaned up, but right now he couldn't be bothered.
-- finally understands where he's going, half a second before Tony illustratively taps his temple with his index finger. "You know the story, right? Problems in the ol' brainpan."
Steve doesn't even bat an eye at Stephen's getup; Tony supposes he's seen weirder with the Invaders already. He just shakes Stephen's hand and smiles a guileless smile.
The attack had left Carol open, and Steve took advantage of it: he stepped in close and threw an uppercut. Hard. To Carol's face.
Steve squeezed his hand. "It's going to be all right. I-- I asked about withdrawal. I asked Don, not any of the doctors here, just in case-- well. Just in case. And I got the impression that, if it ends up being a thing you have to deal with, it won't be the most fun you've ever had in your life, but, unlike alcohol withdrawal, opioid withdrawal can't actually kill you."
Steve peels off the next sticker, his shield. Before Iron Man can give him any further instructions, Steve affixes it to Iron Man's chestplate. Off-center. Right over his heart.
If Iron Man's been in relationships that were this serious -- Steve hasn't, but clearly Iron Man has -- then Steve's honestly surprised that the question has never come up. Steve raises his eyebrows. "Never?"
"But that was Radioactive Man," Tony said, still confused. "That wasn't-- oh, God. Are you seriously trying to tell me that you think that was a setup? That you think Ty arranged to get
Steve cups his palm to Tony's cheek; Tony's skin is still damp with tears, and his beard scrapes against Steve's palm. Tony blinks at the touch and comes back to himself, refocusing.
, because that wasn't true. He wasn't the only one. It was just that Tony didn't know it. Yet. He was going to have to do something about that. But not right this second.
, not the way Steve wanted it to be real; people looked at him now and saw the muscles, the body, like one of his old posters had come to life and stepped down from the wall. They didn't see
Telling Tony that he was also bisexual didn't seem like the sort of thing that was going to improve matters any. Tony already had enough to deal with. It didn't count when you hadn't been with another man before, wasn't that what they said? And of course that wasn't true. Steve knew it wasn't true. But that didn't mean that
That was apparently the right move, because Tony just melts against his hand, his eyes half-closed. It's-- it's nice.
"Thor already knew," Tony admitted, and braced himself for the anger, for the jealousy. "He's known for a few years. A couple other people know, too. I'm-- I really am sorry I never told you before--"
"It absolutely doesn't change anything," Steve repeated. "You're my best friend, Tony. I care about you."
Steve still can't move. Not of his own free will. He tries to twitch his finger. It's agony, a red-hot pain searing his nerves.
"So if I'd told you I loved you to try to convince you this was real," Steve said, his voice gone dull, "you wouldn't have believed me. Would you?"
"Not a picnic," Steve says. "And, sorry to disappoint you, but not shirtless either." He pulls another blanket up over his own shoulders, sets two more aside for Tony. "You need to stay warm, Shellhead. C'mere."
"Don't you recognize it?" Jan asks, hovering above them. "It's the famous red, white, and blue garb of Captain America!"
Tony opened his mouth and then shut it again. He was silent for several seconds, deep in thought. He looked like he was a million miles away. "When we were at school," he said, slowly, like he was waking up from a dream, "Ty always wanted to compete with me. He always wanted to be the best. He always wanted to beat me. Not just in academics. Not just in sports. In everything. I'd flirt with a girl, and Ty would be on her other side trying to charm her away from me. Not because he actually even wanted her, I don't think. He just didn't want me to have her." He grimaced. "Christ, this is the worst kind of locker-room talk, isn't it? I'm sorry. You definitely don't want to hear this, I know. It was terrible behavior. I was young, and I was so, so stupid. I don't-- I don't do that anymore, I promise."
He looked over and Tony was sitting up and gesturing wildly at him, between the two of them, his other hand held to the side of his face, finger and thumb extended in the universal gesture for
true." Steve scuffed his toe on the floor, feeling a little embarrassed, himself; he hadn't meant to draw that much attention to the statement. "Doesn't seem to me like there's any particular trick to saying something that's true. You just say it."
"So, Occam's Razor, right?" Tony concluded. "The easiest explanation is that Ty was paying Radioactive Man to be his bodyguard, and that someone else offered Radioactive Man even more money to turn against him. Maybe Trevor Donahue. It's an old story. One of the oldest."
"So the point of all this," Tony said, "is that Donahue thinks that Ty thinks it was suicide. The point of all this, according to Donahue, is that Ty somehow blames
. If you're feeling bad, if you're feeling hurt, look around at your life and see who's in it. Check out their stories. Check out my story, even if it's me. Try to figure out what's hurting you and where it's coming from. He had a story for everything he did, but the one thing he couldn't explain away was the fact that he was, actually, hurting you and continuing to hurt you. He talked as fast as he could to try to hide it, but it all pointed back to him. His story didn't check out, in the end. And I'd really hope that all of mine will. And, sure, maybe I'm running the longest of long cons. I know I can't prove I'm not. He sure was. But there were signs. If you knew what to look for, they were there. They'd be there. That's how you know."
-- in the direction Tiberius had gone. Then he glanced over at Steve, still smiling. "So?" Tony murmured. "What did you think of him?"
Steve had always thought the robot was beautiful too. It's not like his feelings for Iron Man came out of nowhere, after all. But he's also pretty sure that his level of aesthetic appreciation for Iron Man's armor is not proper conversational territory for a first date, unless the future has changed a lot.
Tony's voice is low and heartfelt, husky with satisfaction, and Steve's cock twitches against the small of Tony's back because Steve's body definitely has its own ideas as to what this whole thing is about. For several awkward, mortifying seconds Steve wonders if Tony's just going to ignore it.
"Oh!" Iron Man says, and his helmeted head tips down briefly in shame. "Sorry. Uh. Independent films, foreign films, experimental films. Stuff that's meant to be art, for whatever definition you'd like to use. Not Hollywood movies."
Tony groaned low and deep, and he thrust forward into Steve's grip, the head of his cock rubbing just so on Steve's tongue. He thrust once more, a little more heavily, and came, spurting in Steve's mouth, trembling.
