Steve Rogers, handcuffed to a chair not unlike a torture device, face pale and eyes closed as if he’s—
Tony feels his face flushing. His head is dizzy, blood roaring in his ears at Rhodey’s words. He thought Steve could… but never like that. And now… Tony can’t keep his brain under control – Steve
Steve’s stomach twisted. He wanted to tell Tony everything he was feeling – the discomfort, the embarrassment, the frustration, the fear – but the words wouldn’t come out. Part of it was because he felt unable to say those things to anyone, but another part, he knew, was because this was
He proceeds to show some of his favorite posts. Tony’s seen them all, either from following the account or from random dog memes Rhodey sends him sometimes, but he plays along,
“A lot, actually,” Stark said. “I actually think I remembered it more then than I do now, because stuff keeps fading. Anyway, the point is—while I was… dead, I wasn’t just unconscious. I went somewhere. I… talked to some people – or, hell, some
“Anyone on a throne already shares it, my Lord, with the people they lead.” He takes a short breath. “But to answer your question directly: yes. Yes, I’d be ready to… share it with Tony.”
He starts biting and kissing Steve’s back as well, much more slowly than Tony, but also more deliberately, even scraping his teeth over recent bruises. Tony then gets to his nipples, mercilessly sucking the sensitive nubs until Steve is seeing stars. By then, Steve loses track of himself – of what he says, what he does, even what he’s thinking. All he can feel is Tony –
“Mind your tone when speaking to me,” Howard says, but the words come out hurried. He thinks he can glimpse tears on the corners of Tony’s eyes. This both infuriates him and makes him wish to turn around and leave.
Steve took a deep breath, trying to stop his flow of thoughts. He still had work in the morning, he reminded himself. He should try to catch at least a couple hours of sleep.
He takes advantage of the little break to look around. Clint and Natasha are enjoying the sea, and maybe Tony should have been surprised this idea came from them of all people, but then again, maybe not. Bruce is sitting on a towel under an umbrella, along with Clint’s wife. Tony would be worried that he’s not having fun, but, according to him, the other guy finds the ocean strangely calming.
, which is about the most Tony thing in the world, so it’s fitting that it fills Steve with both exasperation and fondness.
“Come on, Cap, you can’t do this to me,” he said, turning around. Steve was still lying down, his tongue sticking out happily as if it was all a funny game. His small body panted, chest coming up and down against the sidewalk, and Tony tilted his head. “Wait—are you tired?”
“What the hell?” Steve asked. An even louder thunder was his response, and the dog squirmed on Stark’s chest. “Oh, God, he’s going to get
“We can wake him up gently,” Bruce completes, nodding frantically. “Make him aware he is dreaming just before we turn everything off.”
“Tony, just take it,” Steve says, frowning with disapproval that Tony would have the gall to ignore the always so polite Ms. Potts, and, you know what, Tony hates him too. Him and his stupid kissable lips, just sitting there, merely a few inches away and yet apparently perpetually out of reach.
“Gold?” Howard asks, his fingers tapping the table. “Power? Climbing to the throne, you’d hardly need him for either of those things.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Tony counters, because he’s seen the pictures, and he knows for a fact that, even without the feelings factor, he would gladly have eaten Steve up way before any serum ever touched him. Eskrine didn’t enhance that ass. “Also, it would be okay if you had, you know. With my history, I can hardly judge anyone for... well, anything, really.”
Howard shifts in his seat, uncomfortable by the sight as if it’s somehow inappropriate. He moves the goblet in his hand and watches the wine move in steady, circular motions.
It’s only then that he notices Tony’s choice of drink. “You—uh, you’ve weakened yours. Uh, your drinking game, I mean,” he says, and it’s a weak joke, but Tony grins anyway, easy and bright. He’s
As he sits down, his eyes find Steve’s, and Steve can’t help but frown, because there is late, and there is walking inside in the middle of the ceremony.
“FRIDAY,” Tony snaps his fingers, turning towards the elevator. “I’m going out.” He’s halfway through tapping the reactor when Rhodey grabs his wrist.
“It’s because of the scoliosis,” he said, and Steve’s head snapped at him. “Geez, don’t look so shocked—I mean, come on, it was in your file. It’s hardly a state secret.”
”--he gestured vaguely, Steve guessed, to whatever forces were in control of life and death--“had a system in place to keep me from being mean to their buddy. So, every time me and Dummy don’t see eye to eye…”
“Yeah,” Tony says as he sits down. He somehow wishes they could have this conversation without having to be so close. He needs his brain at full capacity for this, and feeling his leg touch Steve’s thigh lowers his IQ considerably. “Yeah, everything is… fantastic, actually. Amazing. I--” He turns to Steve and feels his voice softening. “Really, it’s been so amazing, I can barely believe it.”
Tony gave him a lopsided smile – half-encouragement, half playing the “sweet couple in love” part. Steve hesitated for a moment, but he smiled back.
And there is that longing look again, and Steve doesn’t care for it. He raises himself slowly and turns a little, pulling Stark to kiss him over his shoulder. The kiss grows long, Stark’s scruff a little stingy around Steve’s already puffy lips.
Steve nodded, wordlessly. Tony splayed his hands, his two thumbs pressing under Steve’s neck, drawing a circle of light pressure, and it hurt for a moment, until it didn’t, and Steve had to hold back a sigh. Tony’s touch was steady and strong, and his motions brought relief to Steve’s neck and shoulders, as if pushing every muscle to its respective spot. Even with the oil, the contact with Tony’s calloused hands eventually grew warmer, and Steve melted a little at every squeeze.
Steve’s nod is shaky, but it seems to work, and although the room is still strangely distorted, it doesn’t seem to be fading. Tony takes his hand over his jaw, stroking his chin with his thumb and leaning closer.
“Right,” Steve said. That still wasn’t enough – the reality of being back in that body was enough to overwhelm the rationality that it would all be over soon – but it helped.
“Hey, hey, relax,” Tony said. Steve ignored him, fighting to break free of his arms. “Come on, Cap, let me at least take off your leash.”
Maria didn’t enjoy fairy tales. She never did.  Howard imagines she only read them to Tony because it was something a mother should do, and she was determined to play the part to the letter, at the time, in a not so subtle attempt to disguise how poorly she fit that role.
Steve blinked, momentarily too shocked for words. A rush of blood climbed over his neck, and although the suggestion was—was
“I’d like that,” Steve says, and, oh—there are probably other words behind this too, Tony thinks, and how much would he like to be able to grasp them.
The pillow was comfortable – so much more comfortable than Steve’s cheap, old futon. Steve wondered if Stark had picked it from his bed and immediately decided he shouldn’t think about that. He turned to the couch’s cushion, his back to Stark.
“Sorry,” Tony said, though he wasn’t sure whether he was apologizing for speaking or for the kiss or for last night or for
Tony’s eyes widen, and his hand goes to his head, self-conscious. “What? Uh, yeah, I—I missed my appointment with my colorist. Kinda rude to bring it up like this, Cap, I wouldn’t—Ooh.” He blinks, frowning for a moment, and then raises his eyebrows. “Is that… Is that a thing?”
Steve can feel his flush descending to his neck and chest, aggravated by their attention. Stark smiles.
the night Steve brought him home, after he managed to calm down and settled in his dog bed, but Sam didn’t need to know that.
“Don’t distract him too much,” dream-Sam says with a smirk. Tony raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t reply.
This gets a blinding smile out of Steve. “Fine by me. The shelter is great – you’ll see, you’re gonna love it.”
“Don’t thank me. I mean it. Stevie—he can be hard to figure out. Most people look at him and see just… the propaganda, y’know, the dancing monkey.” Tony frowns. “But he really opens up with you.”
“I--I’m,” Steve stammers, his face hot, eyes landing on Tony’s mouth, on those pink lips he knows are so, so soft. “Your hair.”
, he was going to say, but how fair was that, really? How long had Steve expected her to wait for a dead man? “She moved on.”
“Excuse me?” Ayesha sounded indignant, but she composed herself, straightening her posture and giving Steve a condescending smile. “I don’t think it’s up to you to decide that, Captain.”
“I’m not telling you anything you don’t know. For all your flaws, you’re not dumb, my son. You know: he may promise forever, and perhaps he even means it, but at the end, he will, too, be wrong, and he, too, shall leave.” Howard raises the flask, as a toast, even if Tony doesn’t reciprocate, his mouth pressed in a very thin line. “And when he does it, you will be king. You will rule all these lands.”
Tony takes a moment to reply, watching him. Steve thinks he’s going to argue, but instead his mouth curls in a smile – not a Tony Stark signature grin, not a smirk, not a laugh. Just a small, honest smile. “Aye, aye, Captain,” he says, raising his glass towards slightly.
It took a while for Steve to notice, because, when walking four dogs, it’s hard to pay much attention to the people around you. He only realized when he went out by himself to get milk from the grocery store and saw, on his way back, a man walking behind him – not too close, but not too far, either, and discretely but clearly following Steve home.
“Me and Steve?” He asks, when he finally manages to compose himself a little, with a large smile on his face. Tony wonders how many times in his life Steve has seen that smile – brattish, almost arrogant, but still friendly. “What the hell are you talking about, man?”
Steve stayed silent for a moment, Tony staring at him as if in a challenge, until Steve broke the dam. “No, he didn’t.”
Steve inhales sharply. Of course, he thinks. This is the one Tony chose to have – not a need carved out by the threat of shrapnel. It’s Tony’s heart, built from his own hands, shiny and wonderful, on display in his chest to the entire world. The entire world, including Steve, who gets to touch it, to see it closely.
Then Steve feels the lightest touch of skin against his now sensitive entrance – the tip of Stark’s erection, that slides inside Steve so fast he gasps, choking on Tony, his eyes going hot with the overwhelming pressure and heat. Even with all the fingering, he still feels himself stretch painfully, and he’s dizzy by how much he loves the sensation of being opened up like that.
Howard’s hand clings to the throne’s arms, feeling the smooth wood against his palm. “Tony is meant to marry Sunset Bain,” he grunts.
“He adores you,” Stark said, sounding amused. Then, in a whisper Steve couldn’t be sure he wasn’t imagining, he added, “I can hardly blame him.”
When Tony pulls away, he feels a little like a teenager, flushed and winded over a tongueless, chaste kiss. Looking at Steve makes him feel a little better, because he knows he wasn’t the only one affected. It actually takes a moment for Steve to open his eyes, and that, that just messes Tony up, because who even does that, who gets lost like that in such a small touch, and fuck, Steve would totally reciprocate if Tony opened his mouth, wouldn’t he? He’d part his lips immediately, pliant, and Tony would bet his reactor that he’d taste so fucking sweet—
,” he says, pressing smacking kisses to the curve of Steve’s neck. “You’re so sensitive, I knew it.” He pulls away for a moment, facing Steve, his eyes pitch-dark as he takes a sharp breath: “And I’m gonna make you feel
Sam’s opinion, of course, was that Steve had an admirer, but Sam seemed to think Steve had admirers everywhere, always valiantly attempting to encourage Steve’s non-existent love life. Bucky, much more practical, suggested the man could have mistaken him for someone else.
, as Bruce put it, the when mattered, because SHIELD couldn’t take any chances he’d plan an OP he might not be able to put in practice when they needed him to.
“Nothing,” Tony says magnanimously. He can think of several matters, in fact, but to be honest, he can’t deny Steve looks really adorable in the ridiculous, old-fashioned shorts. He looks like an overgrown, obscenely muscular boy scout. Tony both wants to make fun of him and bite him. “I just don’t know why you’re so averse to modern clothing.”
He does his best to push away these thoughts. The best way to handle them, he finds, is to focus on what he knows for a fact about Steve – namely, that he’s the bravest person Tony ever met, and he wouldn’t string Tony along for such a long time if he didn’t want him. No, he’d sit Tony down, stare at him straight in the eyes and tell him:
“Have you asked?” Steve questions. Stark finally caves to his pulling, lying down by his side. The solidness of his shape is a welcome feel, and Steve finds himself enveloped by them both, covered by a wave of pleasant warmth. His eyes start to feel heavy.
Contrary to what he had imagined, Bucky and Sam didn’t give Steve much hell for bringing Monet home. Instead, they spent most of the time complaining about his name.
And it’s a quick, smooth movement — truly coming from someone with an enhanced speed and balance — the way Steve stops right in front of Tony, with that same blinding smile, and sets his hands on Tony’s face and leans forward to press a kiss on his lips.
“Don’t take it as an insult, darling,” Stark says, surprisingly tender, stroking Steve’s cheek as if his own erection isn’t pressed against the top of Steve’s head. “It’s wonderful. You’re absolutely wonderful.”
Her voice echoed in the room, the strident note impossible to ignore. This time, Tony’s hand twitched as he fought the impulse to tap the reactor. There was no immediate need for the armor at the moment, but Ayesha’s nostrils were wide with fury, and Tony remembered Rocket’s words too well to underestimate her:
Steve would have laughed, he really would, if it didn’t seem like every cell in his body was catching on fire. His mind fills with a single image of himself and Tony and—
Steve’s fingers are almost rough, still calloused and scarred from the early battle, and Tony wants to take his hand to his mouth, kiss each finger at least once. He spares both of them from this cheese fest by clinging to Steve’s waist and tilting his head upwards, brushing a kiss against his chin.
This line of thought is pointless and more than a little petty, but there’s some truth to it, and Tony knows. There’s nothing Steve wouldn’t do for Barnes.
Tony gives a small shrug that doesn’t match the intensity in his eyes. “Yeah? I don’t know, it’s not an opportunity one gets every day. I wouldn’t mind making the most of it. But of course, it’s just an idea. If you don’t want…”
Steve picked him up, unable to not grin as the dog’s tongue hung out of his mouth and he nested with ease into Steve’s arms.
When they exchange rings, Steve takes a look around, taking in all the red eyes, bloated faces. Sam is right; he’s probably the only one who isn’t crying.
Steve stared ahead, unable to focus on anything. Dummy, apparently mistaking his shock with hesitation, lunged for him, jumping to his lap in a move that would have been impossible for a dog that size that didn’t regularly defy the laws of gravity. He stretched his tiny body to give Steve light licks on his chin.
Steve’s eyes widen. “What?” His free hand flies to Tony’s face, touching his cheek. “You… Why?” His brow furrows, his gaze full of worry, his touch so careful and attentive. All his focus is on Tony, protectiveness radiating from his body in warm, strong waves.
“He got dropped off this morning,” T’Challa said, his always perfectly poised voice betraying a clear hint of disapproval. Then, after a moment, he added, a little softer, “I think he thinks his owner is coming back.”
Tony wobbles inside, nearly limping, and Steve is filled with worry when he catches sight of how thin his shirt is. He doesn’t wait for Tony’s response, already running inside to grab the first towel he finds in his bathroom.
“Just be sure to rest, then, alright?” He turns his head towards Tony, voice a little lighter. Tony is a little stuck on his hands – big, gentle hands going over his pillow, smoothing and softening as if the regular pillow is not worthy of Tony’s head. “FRIDAY will let me know if you keep working,” Steve adds, voice playful but firm, as if he’s had the experience of having to put Tony to bed many, many times before.
Tony wonders how did this happen. Because– it’s a bug, a failure in the machine, it… it has to be. Right? He runs a hand through his hair, sighing.
Dinner was… surprisingly great. Granted, Tony was almost vibrating off his chair, but Steve didn’t seem to mind. He had been outraged by the prices, which Tony found both exasperating and adorable, and after a moment of initial awkwardness, they fell into an easy, natural banter. Steve was a great listener, Tony found. He heard everything Tony said with the utmost attention, but he wasn’t always quiet either – he’d interject with a blunt wit that made Tony grin a little ridiculously at times, and he’d nod at Tony’s rambling as if it were worth listening to.
“Calm down, duvet monster,” Steve says, fumbling until he finds one end of the duvet to pull up just enough to slide inside. His reward is the touch of Tony’s hands, warm and familiar as they pull Steve to a surface he recognizes as Tony’s lap. Pretty soon he’s enveloped by warmth and softness, as if he’s stepped inside a cloud.
Tony huffs out a breath as he becomes aware of his surroundings. The soft, welcoming feel of his king-sized bed, along with the pleasant warmth next to him, is rudely interrupted by movement that makes some of the covers slip away from Tony’s shoulder.
(It’s actually really embarrassing, because Steve’s suite is the only one that has a queen-sized bed. Everyone else got a king-sized bed, and the only reason Steve didn’t was because, when they were giving the Tower the final touches, Tony stood in his lab with the schemes of each floor in front of him and he realized everyone else’s floor looked like a normal version of an extremely luxurious suite, whereas Steve’s was
He realizes, too late, how whiney his voice sounds, and he's a little embarrassed. Stark doesn’t seem to mind, though, his lips curling in a fond smile.
He leaned forward, trying to calculate the logistics of scooping both of them on his arms while also holding onto his dogs’ leashes. Steve considered using a treat to bribe them, but he had none with him, and, besides, they didn’t seem to need the extra encouragement – the smaller one, at least, was all but jumping onto Steve’s lap already.
Steve’s hand drags over his face and lowers when he goes back to looking at Tony. “God, Tony, I—I had no idea.”
Steve eventually expands his knowledge of animal memes and pages to include cats, which means Tony starts receiving lots of videos that were, at one point, considered the pinnacle of internet humor, with cats playing piano and sliding over wood floors.
Steve smiled and looked down a bit to check his phone, and, when he raised his head, he found two Pomeranians in front of the bench, staring at him.
Bruce sighs. “I don’t know. Ideally, we’d be able to… prepare him somehow. But that would require getting in contact with him, and I don’t think we…”
Steve, to his credit, does try talking. He makes a valiant attempt to start a legitimate conversation while Tony is sucking on his neck, which means his results aren’t great – he’s too breathless and constantly interrupting himself with tiny gasps and noises that do nothing to convince Tony talking is the way to go. And he’s too—
The flower shop is just two stations from Steve’s block. Happy’s shift ends at eight, and, considering Steve’s clock just marked fifteen minutes past one a.m., it doesn’t add up.
“But, I mean, you know you don’t have a death sentence, right? A lot has changed since everyone declared you unfit for duty. Everything you have is either treatable or manageable. Sure, you can’t rip off car doors anymore, but—” He paused, and Steve heard a sharp inhale of breath. “The shield isn’t heavy. All you’d need is a little practice with it, to get the hang of your new body balance. At worst, you could get some new gear for extra protection, but that’s it. You can still fight even if your body functions differently – look at Rhodey.”
“This isn’t funny.” Steve abruptly stands up, and Tony notices how his hands shake a little, even as he clenches them into fists at his sides. “I don’t know what kind of joke you’re trying to make here, Tony, but—”
As he passes the door to Tony’s room, he thinks he hears a noise. It’s late, but Tony keeps odd hours; his schedule outrageous due to his parties or the time he devotes to his own pet projects. Howard imagines this is what he must be doing now: wasting time crafting something they don’t need and have no use for, as opposed to doing something actually helpful, such as attempting to upgrade any of their catapult models.
The drinks come quickly. Instead of waiting for Steve to take his, Tony picks both of them up and hands Steve his beer, as if he’s bought it for him.
Rogers doesn’t seem to register the effect of his words. Instead, he stares at Howard in silence. It dawns on Howard he probably thinks there’s nothing else to add.
. Tony had spent so much time with him, the last few months. He had touched him and smiled at him and kissed him, and now Steve was too afraid to face him, too afraid to make him realize he most likely wouldn’t want to do any of these things as long as Steve was like this.
“G’night,” Steve grunted. In the dark, it was easy to remember the nightmares. They seemed more vivid, like actual danger.
“I know,” Tony says, slowing down his rhythm. His hands abandon Steve’s abused nipples and travel to his ass, groping both buttocks in a steady, strong hold. “I know, sweetheart, I’m sorry. It’s just—you’re too much,
His hope is to distract Tony enough to get him naked. Instead, his attempts grow clumsier as the kiss grows harder, and Steve ends up popping a few buttons of his shirt off, in his hurry to remove it.
Then Steve turns, leaving, and Tony stands in the bedroom, taken by an irrational urge to ask him to come back.
Of course, the minute Steve raises his head to look at him, Tony forgets literally everything about it.
Then the man tilts his head as well, staring at Tony with the same confused but also intrigued look, and there’s no doubt in Steve’s mind, anymore, if there ever was.
And then there was the call for a diplomatic conference with the representatives of a bunch of planets, and Earth had to show up, and so did the Avengers. And the people organizing it were the Sovereign, who, according to Quill, didn’t take kindly to being lied to. They were the most stuck up people in the galaxy, and took pride in feeling better than other races, so they were, as Quill put it, easily offended.
Now, though, it’s all such a fucking mess. Tony can’t stop thinking about Steve’s hands – Steve touching him, holding him. Steve saying he couldn’t imagine not falling in love with him.
Steve grins, face full of wonder, and his hands go up to hold Tony’s wrists. “Because,” he lowers Tony’s hands from his face gently. “You were
“You’re having more fun than me,” Steve finally manages, because it seems like a reasonable thing to say. Tony’s eyes widen as if he’s said something outrageous, and Steve hurries to add, “Uh, you and Nat were giving quite the show.”
Steve smiles, following his line of sight to the end of the aisle, where they can see Vision in a green tux, his eyes glimmering under the light. His smile is full of wonder as he watches Wanda walking in his direction. She looks beautiful, in a simple, white gown. When she reaches Vision, she blinks quickly to stop tears that are already there, and Steve notices his tux matches her eyes.
“You’re… definitely confident,” Steve deadpanned, mostly just so Tony would laugh again, and he succeeded.
Frodo fit in nicely with his other siblings. Lola was suspicious at first, but she quickly warmed up to him, and Steve even caught the two of them napping together a couple days after his arrival.
His body acts of its own volition, hands going to Tony’s collar, pulling him in again in a kiss as messy as it is urgent. He’s clumsy, his tongue seeking Tony’s as a dying man in the desert seeks water. In the back of his mind, he thinks Tony must be used to better kisses—Steve has such little experience, and nothing that even compares to this.
“Yes,” Steve says, when it becomes clear he doesn’t know how to complete the sentence. Stark’s hands climb to his torso, one landing on his waist and the other one resting on Steve’s neck. He keeps the touches chaste, though, his thumb drawing a small caress on his jaw, still staring at Steve as if he can’t be real.
Some people could say what Tony’s doing is lying, but he disagrees, because he isn’t faking it at all when he grins back.
(Tony didn’t think that, not really. He had, at one point, certainly—and at the moment, in the bunker, with Steve on top of him, it had seemed clear. Obvious, even.
“I’ll request another bedroom,” Steve said, voice impossible to read. Regret flooded Tony in a hot wave, his face heating.
But Tony is nothing if not impulsive, so he forces himself to step inside the kitchen with loud strides, making his presence known.
“Not more than anyone else, I’m afraid,” Stark quips, now eyeing Tony’s reactor. His hand hovers over it. “Is that what you’ve got? Heart problems?”
He also wishes he hadn’t attempted to kill Steve’s best friend, even if he – Steve, not the best friend – probably deserved it.
. But it will.” He turns, picking up his phone, dialing Bruce up. “I don’t know how could I have missed it. This isn’t a regular coma, those nanites are forcing his brain into a specific constant pattern. It’s not natural – it will wear him out. Not right now, sure, maybe not even tomorrow, but
“Some would argue that so do I,” Steve counters. Tony rolls his eyes. By now he’s learned to tell the difference between when Steve is genuinely feeling obsolete and sad because of his man out of time status, and when he’s just playing up the role of the old man to get the kids out of his lawn.
Stark shifted, his body hovering over Steve in a way that made him feel strangely warm. He landed a hand on Steve’s shoulder, a light, hesitant touch. “Take a long breath, darling.” Steve obeyed, and Stark’s thumb drew an arch on his shoulder, sending a light shiver down Steve’s spine. Steve couldn’t help but look at it, and Stark immediately removed his hand, as if it had been burned. “Sorry,” he said, standing up. Steve had the insane impulse to ask him to come back. “I’ll get you a glass of water. Try to focus on breathing.”
His eyes dart around the large room. There’s a scribe boy next to Obadiah, taking note of his every word with unfailing precision. Jarvis is next to him, his posture very still and eyes focused, expressionless, exerting his wonderful ability of hiding in plain sight.
“Look, it’s no big deal. I could just go out for a walk after dinner. Pretend I need some time alone or something like that.”
,” Tony says, walking towards him. His eyes are wide and his gaze searches Steve’s face frantically. “How are you feeling?”
There are, Steve thinks, probably few places better than the palace of Wakanda to throw a party. And—well, Steve doesn’t know her well enough to say for sure, but, if he were to make a guess, he’d say T’Challa’s new wife definitely knows how to take advantage of that. She is at the center of the gorgeously lit dance floor, leading a group of people beating drums around her.
“This was probably a mistake,” Stark says, looking down at the sheet curled in between his fingers. “I… shouldn’t have taken you up on your… offer.”
“Uh, if I may—High Priestess, Ayesha, honey, I, I think this is a big misunderstanding,” Tony interrupted, desperate to defuse the situation. “Me and my hus—”
Tony tries his best to not seem too eager, but it’s a challenge. He’s been wondering how to bring up this topic with Steve for
Tony breathes deeply, trying to organize his thoughts before continuing. He feels momentarily wordless, so he just looks at Steve. His teary eyes. His closed fist, on top of his leg. His nose, breathing in and out in an uneven rhythm, nostrils flaring.
Steve sips on his drink. The warmth that goes down his throat is still surprising, even if it’s not his first sip. Valkyrie had raised a single eyebrow at him when he said he couldn’t get drunk, then handed him the mead with a
Tony chuckled, giving the back of Steve’s neck a nice, affectionate squeeze. “That,” he said, going back to the task of melting Steve’s heart with his fingertips, “could definitely be arranged.”
is an interesting thing to know,” Stark says, hand holding Steve’s chin and pulling him in for another kiss, much hungrier than the last one. His beard scratches Steve’s upper lip as he tilts his head, his grip growing firmer on Steve’s chin. He’s strong, Steve notices, and between the grip of his calloused hand and the scorching heat of his mouth, Steve is already dizzy by the time he starts feeling Tony’s mouth getting to work on his neck, leaving sucking kisses and light bites on the sensitive spots he knows so well. Steve quivers, his breath growing to small gasps against Stark’s mouth. They both work steadily and efficiently, as if Steve is a machine they know exactly how to fix, and the feeling of powerlessness sends a trail of fire down Steve’s chest, has his knees feeling weak.
Steve widened his eyes. “No,” he replied harshly, so blunt that Stark seemed taken aback, which somehow prompted him to add, a little lighter, “There’s no need.”
Rogers takes one short breath before locking his eyes with Howard’s. His blue gaze is almost peaceful in its resoluteness, as if there’s an element of inevitability in what he’s about to say.
Barnes stares at him with a shocked, nervous gaze Tony is pretty sure he would never see in the man’s real face. “Stark,” he calls, and it doesn’t sound like his voice – it mixed with something else, another voice, stern and strong and that makes Tony’s heart swell in his chest. “Is everything okay?”
Tony can’t explain why it happens. Even if he’s okay with following Cap’s orders in the field, the two of them hardly got off to a nice start – and, honestly, even if they did, they’ve known each other for too little to pull off this kind of risky move. One second of confusion could make Cap think Tony was attacking him for some reason, or worse, make Cap reflect the blast right at him.
“Dance with me?” he asks, and Steve blinks, confused. He’s entirely unprepared for the question, and his mouth opens without any sound coming out, so he hurries to close it, clicking his jaw.
He expects to feel taken aback, but just like before, it’s different. The intensity in Tony’s face isn’t directed at his leaking cock, but at the full extension of Steve’s body. Steve is enveloped, devoured by that gaze. He takes a breath, but no air reaches his lungs.
Tony wonders again. Being in Steve’s dream is like getting constant curve balls thrown at him – just when he feels like he’s gotten a grip on the frontier between dream and reality, Steve says something that messes everything up in his head.
Dinner was served on a large, ostentatious table that seemed meant for more people than just the three of them. Ayesha did have two servants sitting at each of her sides, but there were no plates in front of them. It wasn’t clear what exactly they were there for (a crew of hurried, obviously younger servants was in charge of setting the table, frantically laying cutlery in front of Tony and Steve), but, evidently, it wasn’t to eat.
Steve doesn’t want him to pull away, but he doesn’t know what to say. He has no idea what this touch means.
Stark was silent for a moment, and Steve almost yelled at him, for leading him on, for playing such a fucking
“Listen to me,” he says, and the fondness must slip into his voice, of course it does, because confusion shows up in Steve’s expression. “Since I’ve got here, I’ve been trying to understand this place, this scenario your mind dreamed up. I wanted to figure out what was different here, to get us to this. And I finally get it, now. It’s you. You’re different.”
married for God knows how long, and Steve is immersed in this fantasy to the point that he thinks it’s real. Okay. Okay.
Steve steps away from the bed and comes closer to press a kiss on his forehead. It’s so light, so casual, Tony has to fight not to flinch. Part of him wants to push Steve away, to get away from the close contact, but he forces himself to stay still, to at least play at some amount of normalcy.
Composing himself, Steve squared his shoulders and took a step forward, facing Stark head on. “I think you should leave.”
, he supposes. He puts his hand to his face, his vision limited to the leather of his glove, trying to avoid the light. Then he registers movement and sound coming from next to him.
“Come on,” Tony insists, “it’s Saturday. You already wake up at a ridiculous time every day during the week, I think just one time won’t hurt.”
“’s fine. Quit talking and go to sleep,” was what he ended up saying, and no one could have faulted Stark for losing his patience, but he didn’t. Instead, he chuckled—low, soft—a delicate sound, that Steve distantly thought he should do more often.
How bizarre, Tony thinks, eyeing Steve afterwards, trying to somehow gather if he might be thinking the same. But he ends up making himself look away, thinking no, it’s just a coincidence, and, besides, who’s to say it’s ever going to happen again, right?
“Oh. A childhood infatuation, then? Tony tells me you used to work in our stables.” Howard throws the information on the table casually, as if he and Tony have been discussing Rogers in detail since his arrival. The man’s expression is unreadable, though, so Howard can’t tell if he buys it.
Steve finishes buckling his belt, then walks to the pile and pulls out his shirt and jacket. His tie is easier to spot, hanging from the corner of the mattress, but he doesn’t bother putting it on, picking it up and stuffing it in his pocket instead.
Bruce had said Steve, in his current form, was most likely not in possession of human levels of reasoning and logic. Still, Tony found it hard to remember that.
“It’s a risk you’re gonna have to be willing to take, I’m afraid,” he says. He wishes his hand wouldn’t shake, but it does.
“Hey,” he says, still a little jumpy. He wants to think of a way to ask about Steve without being too suspicious – though he guesses he can’t alert dream-Sam like he can Steve, but, honestly, he’s not taking any chances. He sits next to him, then fakes interest in his bowl. “Do we have any cereal left?”
The first one can be forgiven, in case the rebels are suppressed, especially with Zola needing allies in the aftermath of an insurrection. The second one can’t.
So, yes Tony felt like he was driving himself a little insane with the task of touching Steve while making it seem that he wanted him without, you know, actually showing he did want him. And he and Steve were both mutually ignoring that one time where they beat the shit out of each other and spent two years without speaking, which was a little awkward, to say the least.
The clock on the wall announces lunchtime is nearly over. Howard pinches the bridge of his nose. He has a meeting with Odin’s ambassador after this, and then there’s the discussion of their exports with Obie, and then, of course, there’s Rogers…
. The questions come at random times, unpredictable, and although Steve wants to match them, to let Tony know he also wants to gather those same details about him. He can’t make himself ask – his answers he pieces together through careful observation, always attentive to Tony’s every move.
But maybe he should, Steve thought, a little bitterly. It wasn’t as if Tony had any illusion that a beautiful muscular back was under the t-shirt’s fabric, but the reality was still uglier than if Steve had just dropped fifty pounds overnight. He wasn’t just small and skinny – his body was just strange, twisted and frail and nearly broken in its very shape, and maybe Tony had to get a good look at it firsthand to truly understand the extent of it.
,” Steve insists, but it’s a faint effort, because Tony is a man on a mission, here. He might have been caught off-guard last time, but now, he knows better. He has a sleepy, pliant Steve Rogers in his arms right now, and he’s definitely not letting him get off that easily – or, hm, okay, actually, poor choice of words, Steve can totally get
Tony sighs. “Yeah. I know my phone rang and all, but let’s be real, you were going to tense up and get all weird in a second, even if it didn’t, and I just want to know—”
Rhodey arrives soon after, forces Tony to eat something before helping him settle on the lab table. It’s right next to Steve, so FRIDAY can monitor both of them at once.
. How you had to put it all aside to save the universe. How you forgave each other, and embraced your love again.” A flush painted Steve’s cheeks, descending down to his neck, and for the first time Tony realized he wasn’t as much as looking at Ayesha as he was avoiding to look at Tony. “An unbelievably beautiful story.”
He barely gets to make one or two flicks of his wrist until Tony pulls away, and in a second they’re both turned towards him, both panting but focused. Just that gaze is enough to make Steve feel pinned to the bed.
Tony’s stomach twists and he clenches his hands too tight. Right, he thinks. Steve’s happiest dream would never be complete without his best friend.
When Tony turns to close the door, he fumbles a little with his keycard, dropping it. “Shit,” he blurts, picking it up. Steve’s eyes are drawn to his rear, to the way his wool pants evidence his thighs. His face burns, and he looks away.
“As you wish, darling,” Stark says with another kiss, this time to Steve’s collarbone. Then he lowers his head, leaning down as if he needs to get a close look as his hands start working on Steve’s nipples, circling it and flickering the nub, watching as they grow erect and even pinker. “Oh, you are gorgeous.”
Tony still somehow has it in him to do a little eyebrow wriggle in response, but then another sneeze forces him to focus and follow Steve’s lead. He puts on the sweatpants, and Steve stands up for a moment to size up the result.
“Neither did I,” Howard states, matter-of-factly. “But that’s reality. Of course, you don’t need to believe me.” He gestures towards the door. “You can leave with him today, and forget anything your decrepit father ever said. But I don’t think you will, because, deep down, you know. He may care for you and protect you and swear loyalty by you – but, in the end, they all leave. You and I know this better than anyone.”
Steve smiles and shakes his head. “I’m not upset. If anything, I’m thankful you stopped me from embarrassing myself even more.”
Tony’s stomach clenches, the image of Steve carrying a wounded Barnes away from him with all the care in the world flashing through his mind, stinging like an actual knife in his chest.
Steve stayed quiet for a moment, looking down, before his head snapped towards Tony again, as if he was about to shout out battle instructions. “We need to do better.”
The last words seem to suck all air out of the room. Howard straightens his posture, forgetting for a moment his discomfort with the throne’s cushion. “They have gotten all the weapons we sent them, have they not?”
That’s the first thing he feels – a strong headache, going from the back of his neck to the top of his head, as if someone’s been pulling his hair for hours.
“Meeting the Captain can’t hurt,” Obadiah agrees, running his hand over his beard. “Perhaps we can gather information on his next assault.”
Rhodey lets out a loud laugh, throwing his head back. “Oh, man. See, part of me just wants to make jokes about famous playboy Tony Stark going chaste for Captain America, but I actually think this has gone on for too long for me to make fun of it.” He lands a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “You need to talk to him, once and for all.”
“Yeah,” Steve says. He pulls Stark closer, shifting until Stark’s head is on his chest. Steve runs his fingers over his short, dark hair, and Stark’s eyes flutter closed.
Steve twirls the beer in his hand then drinks from it, walking around, trying not to stay in the same place for long. He tells himself he’s looking for something to do, but that’s a flatout lie. He knows exactly what - or
Obadiah thinks it’s about the weapons, but Obie is short-sighted, always has been. There’s no reason for the rebels to try to get more weapons from them by adding a wedding to their bargain. They already have enough without needing such a huge compromise.
? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Steve is not some prudish boy scout – what could he find inappropriate about a kissing attempt?
(When Steve wakes up, Tony is sitting up right next to him on the bed, having already woken up, with his phone in his hands.
For a second, Jarvis seems as though he’s about to protest, to remind Howard of his many meetings today. But then he doesn’t say anything, only gives a small bow and heads towards the kitchen.
“A… negotiation? What, like…” Steve’s voice trailed off, and the knowledge of a lifetime of watching horror movies with Bucky and Sam finally caught up to him. “Are you saying you sold your soul or something? To... to come back?”
“I've been told I’m full of surprises,” Tony replies, alluring. He takes a step forward and Steve shivers at his expression, his friendly grin sharpening into something more intense, focused. His eyes are blazing, and Steve swallows, heat curling low in his belly.
“You, uh. You should go do your… your exercise thing,” Tony babbles, gesturing clumsily towards Steve’s workout attire.
It’s as if the salon shrinks, the air tightening itself, restrained only to the short space between the two of them. Heat curls low in Steve’s belly, prickles his neck. He opens his mouth, then shuts it immediately, unable to find words.
Steve, who arrives after a moment or two, not sweaty despise working out, because dreams don’t always have to make sense, and especially not when you feel you’re about to wake up.
Howard stops, turning towards him, feeling his face heat in fury. “No,” he says, keeping his voice calm. “No, me and the Captain finished a bottle together. He left a few moments ago, on his way to courtesan’s chamber, I believe.”
He hurried to climb up, his muscles stiff as he lay down on the mattress. His body sank, but Steve found that it wasn’t too soft, which was a bit of a relief.
“What I’m about to ask you has no relation to our alliance,” Rogers continues, his voice a lot steadier now. “I come here only in behalf of myself, and what I’m about to ask, I ask as a man, not as a soldier.”
He and Tony don’t talk much, after the wedding. This isn’t really unexpected – they barely cross paths these days, Steve busy with the renegotiation of the Accords, Tony busy with the new projects he has in partnership with Wakandan tech. Sam’s suggestion may burn a picture on Steve’s mind that’s hard to forget, but at the end of the day, it’s nothing beyond that.)
Rogers stays in silence for a second, and then raises an inquiring eyebrow. “Is he promised to her?”
Steve’s eyes widen, shocked to suddenly be the center of attention. Now that they know he’s going to go away, all the children are, of course, incredibly interested in him.
Since it’s always unconscious, Tony frequently finds himself only reflecting on it hours later, when the battle is already over and they’re back in the Tower, or in the middle of a debrief. Then he realizes all the moments where he and Steve moved in perfect harmony to take the bad guy of the week down, and he’s always utterly shocked by the fact that, without fail, it happens without any planning or forewarning. He doesn’t remember ever falling
“I don’t want an armor,” Steve smiled. He looked away, his head turned to the opposite direction, so Tony hopefully couldn’t tell his eyes were misty. “But thank you, Tony.”
“I did manage to catch the ceremony, though,” he continues. “Incredibly sweet, all the way down to T’Challa’s stutter, but I gotta say, my favorite part?” He leans closer to Steve, conspiratory, and points upwards, to the ceiling. “Whatever the hell is going on with this sound system. It sounds exactly the same in every single spot of the hall, but, according to FRIDAY”--he fishes his phone out of his pocket, shaking it in Steve’s direction--“it’s coming from a single source. Which is bizarre, because this floor is made of wood. It should have terrible acoustics. Still, the sound is perfect. It’s amazing.”
Now that the confusion of opening his eyes is over, Steve remembers everything so clearly. How Tony had touched him and forgave him and kissed him. He had said it was real, but dreams always seem real up until the moment you wake up.
“Hello,” Tony replies. He sounds equally breathless, but his hands clutch tighter and his expression reveals nothing. Rogers’ smile falters a bit, and as Tony watches him, there’s a caution in his eyes that hadn’t been there before.
“We. We should discuss a strategy.” Steve’s mouth moved as he spoke, lips puffy and offensively red. “For dinner.”
Maybe it was because Steve looked beautiful, and angry, and close, and really, really beautiful, and Tony needed him to look a little
“I wanted to say that… That first night? I—I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining by any means, but… But I would have been happy to just dance with you. Dance, and talk, I don’t know. It would have made my night.” His hand rubs the back of his neck, and Steve feels a wave of affection so strong, his knees feel weak. “Anyway. I really feel, uhh, in short, to recap it slightly, in a clearer version, I think I love you.”
Of course, the Starks were a crucial piece of support for the Captain to get, if he intended to govern the North. The whole continent knew of the quality of Stark iron and the weapons they could craft. It was, then, only a matter of time until they received a messenger to negotiate an alliance. The Captain had not been present, yet according to the messenger - a stunning and terrifying red-haired woman - he had wanted to be there, except it wasn’t safe for him to veer inside the city to reach the palace.
“If he’s me, then he wants you,” he says, simply, holding Stark’s stare when he turns to him. “And he’s probably thinking the exact same thing.”
The sight leaves him even more breathless. They’re both so different, physically, and yet—there’s something in between them that clutches Steve’s heartstrings. They’re both so uniquely
Monet was next. He jumped up without any ceremony, rapidly climbing over Steve’s stomach and lying down, his belly up.
“Hey, man,” he says, and even his voice sounds different – lighter, with a soft tone that Tony vaguely identifies as
Tony – would react to this flirtation, but he doesn’t want to risk upsetting him, even by accident. So he avoids Stark, turning towards Tony instead.
“You really wish to know? Fine,” Howard says, distantly hearing his voice grow louder. “He dreams of walking you through the flowery fields of the mountains while a bard plays the harp.”
Steve’s eyes are so wide his eyelashes touch the freckle. And Tony loves this freckle, and this man, so much. He loves his stoicism and his self-righteousness and his stubbornness and his sadness. He loves Steve and he loves every part of Steve, even the parts Steve himself doesn’t love, the parts that go away when he wants to imagine he can live a happy life.
“No one would see, you know,” Stark pointed out, right when Steve was thinking what a ridiculous picture they’d make, himself larger than Stark, being—being
Stark’s cat ignored him, sliding under his legs to peek at Steve behind Stark’s calf. He seemed to want to move closer, but Stark stayed firm, a barrier between him and the door.
“Everyone is totally welcome to look at him,” Tony says firmly. He points towards Steve with his arm. “He’s right there. Anyone who wants to help me is welcome to try – and, by the way, if you have any brilliant ideas, I’m listening.”
“Clint’s got Ross in the other room,” Natasha says. “He’s not being very talkative, but that’ll definitely change when the CIA gets here. For what it’s worth, we think Steve was supposed to work as a test subject. I think Ross only wanted to neutralize him, but whoever he partnered with had other ideas, possibly of applying the device to others. They had your research on nanotech as a first step, and then if they wanted to expand, to be able to control other people… I imagine the logic was that if it worked on a supersoldier, it would work on anyone.”
“Take all the time you want,” he says, but it doesn’t sound like a pleasantry. It sounds like a challenge.
A pause follows his question, but Howard can tell Rogers is not reflecting. Instead, he seems almost – appalled is too strong a word, but definitely shocked by Howard’s words.
Steve clenches his jaw and focuses on not staring at Tony. They haven’t spoken since Bucky’s wedding, not even through texts. They haven’t seen each other since Steve left in the morning without waiting for Tony to wake up.
, he thought, at a danger of feeling his eyes burning again. It had barely been a week since Tony had last touched him, and he didn’t even know he had missed it so much.
The question is a shock, personal in a way Steve wasn’t expecting, so it takes him a moment, even if Tony’s hand slows down considerably, focusing only on teasing Steve’s rim. “Yes,” he breathes, though the memory – a nameless stranger, picked up once in a night Steve just couldn’t sleep and ended up in a bar, desperate for someone, anyone, who wouldn’t call him
“Yeah,” Stark said, sounding hoarse. “Me too. But the point is – I found out, confronted him and he killed me. When I woke up, though, I was able to contact some people and pull some data to prove what he had done. He’s in jail now, and he will be there for a long time.”
Tony’s proximity makes it hard for Steve to think. His gaze falls on Tony’s hand, holding his arm gently, and Tony’s eyes follow his look.
Tony raises an eyebrow, making a mental note to definitely interrogate Steve about this later, but he still hasn’t gathered enough from Steve’s reaction to find out where they go from here, so he stays quiet.
It maybe be the dorkiest come-on Tony’s ever gotten, but, as he follows Steve’s cute, 1940s-styled butt to the sea, he can only be thankful the water is cold.
Tony may be a little blind, sometimes, but he’s not an idiot, and he’s learned to accept the impossible when it’s presented right in front of him. That’s just how his life goes, apparently: this guy turns into a green monster, aliens are real, your dead father saved your life with a new element, and, hey, Steve Rogers is in love with you. Have a nice day.
Admittedly, he and Tony don’t have anything planned. They texted after Carol and Valkyrie’s wedding, but their conversations remained mundane and casual, never veering into personal ground. Still, when he had gotten Bucky’s official invitation, he couldn’t lie to himself: there was a rush, an immediate thrill of anticipation that had nothing to do with the idea of his two best friends getting hitched.
Howard leans forward and rests his chin on his hand. “And you expect me to just take your word for it?”
“I’ve sent for him already,” Howard says, and Tony’s head snaps up at him, but now his gaze is far from hopeful, instead filled with the numbness and slight despair of someone who just opened their eyes to find nothing but pure darkness. “He should probably be getting the news right now.”
hadn’t shrunk him, he had nothing to do with this - but Bruce didn’t seem to mind, only typing something else in his tablet. Steve shifted a little, and the already sharp pain in his back increased for one excruciating moment before quieting down once he returned to a more forgiving position. “How about the reverse ray?”
He knelt down to pet Steve’s head. Steve leaned into the touch immediately, but, when Tony tried to pull the leash again, he barked in protest, body effectively planting himself in the same spot.
(Steve would know, because he’s been dreaming of Tony for years. In fact, he’s pretty sure he’s had this exact same dream before, and it always ended with Steve waking up in bed alone, Tony as unreachable as the idea of going back to sleep.)
Tony raises his eyebrows, and for a moment Steve thinks he’s going to ask something, but then Stark looks at the bed and smiles.
“He clearly likes you,” the woman commented when Steve picked him up. “He was so scared when I was checking for his chip, the poor thing, but with you holding him, he looks ready to fall asleep.”
“This.” He gestures vaguely. “Giving me… giving me what I want.” His face flushes slightly at the last words, and there’s a slight glimmer in his eyes. “Why?”
“Thank you, Tony. I… To be honest, I don’t remember the last time I had that much fun, in this time.” And he looked a little embarrassed, a little awkward, but still… almost
Steve’s nod is immediate and solemn, as if of all the things Tony’s said to him, this is the one that makes the most sense. “I do.”
“Okay,” Tony says. “And you don’t think it could have ever been… different? I mean,” He’s being careless right now, making bets about the reality of Steve’s fantasy he has no idea are actually true. “We didn’t get off to the best start.”
But the dog was not chipped, and its single eye looked at Steve with so much love and devotion when the lady from the shelter informed him of it, that the outcome was really unavoidable.
“Stop moving your arm so much,” he whispered to Steve, when they took the first steps off of the landing pad, trying to get used to walking in a cohesive rhythm. And—okay, fine, maybe he was all too aware of how sweaty his palm was against Steve’s warm, big hand and he really, really wanted Steve to not notice it—but, also, he was a little bit annoyed. Steve looked like he was walking to the guillotine, his gaze firmly forward, jaw set in a tense, serious line. Not only was he failing to pretend he was in love with Tony, he was failing to pretend he could even tolerate him. So, yeah, Tony was annoyed, and he had to poke him a little.
Then Tony interjects, “Oh, come on, we both know you’re not going to refuse those puppy eyes. Just give it up and come cuddle.”
Steve’s face is a sight, all bleary-eyed with fine strands of blond hair falling over his forehead. Tony can’t help but take his hand to push it back.
Howard clenches his jaw. He searches for the next words to say, but his silence apparently works better, because after a few moments Rogers speaks again.
: the knot in Tony’s throat vanishes, giving place to a warm, delicious feeling spreading from his face to his chest; and he suddenly doesn’t want to leave the room ever again.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” He gestures at the bird’s nest mess his hair has become. “I can fix it in the morning, you know. You’re doing all this work…”
The man stared at Steve as if he was trying to make sense of his words. “O…kay. Can you give me the other one then?” He reached forward to grab the small dog from Steve’s hand, but Steve took a step back, holding it firmly.
The first time it happens, it’s not the smartest thing Tony’s ever done. In fact, to be precise, it’s a little dangerous, reckless and - fine - maybe more than a bit stupid.
Stark adds a third finger, and it occurs to Steve they’re playing with him, going slow against his eagerness. The thought melts him, and he feels boneless, like he’s floating as they both use him as they please. Steve clenches his ass, wanting to swallow Stark’s fingers, tightens his lips around Tony’s cock making an obscene sucking noise, and still wants more, more Tony, everywhere,
He turned slowly to place his legs over the table. Tony helped him turn over, and Steve noticed the way his eyes traced the front of his body, studying his exposed chest. He hurried to lie on his belly, even if Tony eyeing his back wasn’t much better.
Nevertheless, the picture was undeniable proof. Steve clenched his jaw and reluctantly passed the puppy over to Stark.
He and Bruce finish working on the new batch of nanites around six a.m. Bruce is yawning, but Tony is in full work mode, ready to crank out twenty more hours without batting an eye. There’s no need for that, though – FRIDAY modified the design accordingly, and everything is ready to go.
” Is all he says before throwing himself over Steve, pulling him in a toe-curling kiss and pushing him to lay on the bed. After that, rational thought becomes a luxury very distant from Steve’s mind, hopeless against the wet, deep kisses Tony presses all over his neck while his hands are back on Steve’s nipples, pinching and pulling. Tony straddles him, and Steve’s cock brushes the front of his pants, feeling the hardness of his erection against the fine wool, and Steve lets out a moan that’s immediately lost to Tony’s tongue.
Barnes is staring at him with a half-amused expression, and Tony can imagine: his face is probably funny right now. Doesn’t matter – he’s taken over by a bizarre and undeniable hope, along with sheer want to just
Or maybe he’ll walk outside to an empty Tower and an invitation to a Barnes-Rogers wedding on his desk.
“I was just looking,” Steve says, his eyes landing on the point of contact between his and Tony’s shoulders. They’re so close now they’re basically leaning against each other, and Tony is about to retreat and mumble an excuse to leave and save himself the embarrassment, when Steve adds: “It’s nice. That—that you don’t mind me sharing things.” Then, to Tony’s bafflement, he comes closer and leans his head on Tony’s shoulder. “There’s so much to catch up on. Sometimes it’s nice to—to feel like I’m in the loop for a change.”
“Talking is usually easier when no one is on their knees,” Howard states. He’s feeling a little dizzy. His goblet is filled with water now, but Howard can only see the bottle right next to it, the one Jarvis had replaced after he finished the first one he had brought.
, are you crazy? Here,” he grabbed Stark’s arm, pulling him to the nearest safe spot he could find – his building.
And he has imagined this for so long – plenty of times, in the privacy of his bedroom, in dreams where he couldn’t chastise himself for wanting. He had imagined Tony’s wicked grin, his strong hands, his skillful fingers climbing up Steve’s thighs, grabbing his rear, his pink mouth swallowing every single one of Steve’s gasps.
There’s a moment of silence. Tony’s eyes are wide, but there’s something warm about them, like a spark. His voice is soft when he speaks. “I missed you”.
“Oh.” Stark stopped, suddenly seeming a little like a deer in headlights. He quickly composed himself, though, his hands going to his pockets. “Are you sure? I can take the couch, it’s not—”
“You should probably listen to your ‘husband’, Captain,” Ayesha said. Tony’s stomach twisted. “Especially since this is a rare occasion where he’s actually looking at you, as opposed to glancing anywhere other than your direction.”
The praise flows through Steve like a warm, pleasant wave. His head hangs back a little, falling over Tony’s shoulder, and Tony’s hands also climb up, cupping Steve’s pectorals, pushing them together and lifting them a bit.
“Wow, okay—cyber-stalking much?” Tony replies, which makes Steve’s cheeks grow a little pink, but he doesn’t seem too embarrassed, just a little shy as he opens a small smile. Tony takes the opportunity to nest a little closer.
That had been date number one. Date number two happened almost a week later, after Rhodey managed to convince Tony Steve wouldn’t
Tony’s hands are hurting, now, because he’s clinging to the gauntlet too tight. “You think we should send him to Wakanda?”
He knocks on Peggy’s door. She’s astonished to see him, momentarily paralyzed in the doorstep; but no matter the reality, she’s still very much Peggy Carter – it takes Steve barely ten minutes to get her to understand.
“Great. And those heroes,” Stark paused, as if to choose his words carefully. “They were demigods. They weren’t normal human beings.” His eyes found Steve’s, brown and bright. “And neither are you. You, Steve Rogers, was chosen.”
Except Tony doesn’t seem uncomfortable. Instead, he’s staring at Steve with the gaze he gets when he has reached a breakthrough – simultaneously distant and yet filled with undeniable intensity. Steve’s breath shortens.
Alarm bells start playing in Tony’s head. “Yeah. But—” he tries to guess what Steve’s thinking by looking at him, but, nope, that’s still not in his realm of abilities, unfortunately. “You’re not upset, right? About the kids and everything.” His hand goes to the back of Steve’s neck, going up and down in a light stroke. “It wasn’t personal. I mean, they’re kids. They’re dumb. Their brains haven’t fully developed yet.”
He doesn’t want Steve to know he dreams of his mouth sometimes – that he wakes up thinking about the way he laughed and the way he moaned and the way a small dimple appeared in his cheek as he smiled. He doesn’t want Steve to know that he misses their effortless synchronicity in the battle field. Above all, he doesn’t want Steve to know he misses
Tony wraps his arms around himself. Although he’s staring ahead, Howard knows he isn’t looking at him anymore. He’s looking at his future, at the truth, at the fate of Stark men.
Steve leans down and presses one last kiss on Tony’s mouth, and Tony is, at once, taken by the urge to just keep him there, forget about anything that isn’t that soft mouth.
Steve’s distant expression melts into a small grin. “I’ll be happy to speak, it’s not an issue. I get it. For a lot of people, it’s really important that I… y’know. Fancy fellas. And if it can help someone, then I will talk about it anytime I can.”
The mention of Happy brings something else to Steve’s mind. “Wait. Happy left you here right before the end of his shift? And then you went to get the flowers?”
“Goddamnit,” Tony says, because the last thing he wants to do is to take the phone and talk about business right now. He hates the phone and hates Jarvis and definitely fucking
“It was the logical decision. The Captain is a good suitor – once he wins, you’ll function as his consort, a position higher than anything you’d ever get from Sunset Bane. Having you on the land’s government will help us get business beyond the seas.” Howard makes a flipping gesture. “And you both want this to happen. It’s the only possible choice, in fact.”
“Sorry for being a mess,” Tony whispers, his chin over Steve’s head. Steve looks up just enough to scowl at him.
Steve clenched his jaw. He wanted to deny it, but it would be too obvious a lie, and he didn’t want to give Stark a reason to keep prodding. “Yeah,” he grunted. “But it’s fine. I’ll—I’ll call a locksmith.”
As Tony and Bruce climb out of the lab, the sound that echoes in the room is so foreign that it takes Tony a moment to realize it’s a laugh, and one more moment to realize it’s Steve’s.
On the third day, Steve went on his walk alone. He knew he was maybe overreacting – tons of dogs went missing every day, and worrying about them all was sure to drive anyone insane – but he couldn’t help it. He had always loved dogs, and he had felt a special connection to the fluffy Pomeranian, with his bright, curious, brown eyes. It broke his heart to imagine how scared and confused he must be, desperately trying to come back to an owner who couldn’t care less about him.
“’Morning,” Steve whispers, more kissing than talking as he pulls Tony closer again, drowning in brightness.
As the kiss deepens, Tony takes his hand to Stark’s crotch, palming him over his pants in a swift movement that wins him a gasp from Stark’s lips. He starts to unbuckle Stark’s belt, focused on the kissing, and Steve distantly acknowledges that they both must be fully aware of what it's doing to him, kissing wildly and pushing their crotches together, Stark’s fingers sink into Tony’s buttocks. Wet, exaggerated noises make Steve’s cock twitch, and he needs to touch himself, grabbing his erection over his underwear.
There’s a noise on his side, something akin to a cough or laughter. Howard’s neck snaps as he turns.
And, yeah, it was a little… weird, at times. Tony had never dated – or hell, even been attracted to someone for so long without moving things to the physical side of the equation. With Steve, though, that side didn’t seem to exist at all. Two months after their first date, they were going out at least once a week, and they still hadn’t kissed, or, shit, even held hands.
Steve looks at the bouquet again, just to check that he isn’t, in fact, delusional and isn’t dreaming up his boyfriend showing up at his apartment at almost 1.a.m. while it’s pouring outside, and also when said boyfriend was supposed to be in Hong Kong. “You’re holding them.”
“Oh?” Steve raises an eyebrow, looking at their joined hands. The corner of his lips turns upwards in an affectionate half-smile, as if he’s amused by what he definitely seems to think is just confusion born of Tony’s lack of sleep. “You always take it off when handling dangerous substances, remember? It’s probably just somewhere on your worktable.”
Everyone thought he was dead. Hell, he should have been. It had been a miracle he made his way back to the base, nearly a corpse, after almost five months lost. The sole survivor of a lost unit – and for what? There was nothing left for him at home, as he soon would find out.
Tony gives him an amused, soft smile. He turns Steve’s hand again, kissing the inside of his wrist this time.
“Alright.” Steve nods, but his hand still lingers on Tony’s shoulder, his thumb drawing a small line on Tony’s collarbone. “Just wanted to make sure. I know we started off messy.” His mouth curls in a shy smile, but it’s so fond, Tony kind of wants to freeze time so he can capture it, because he didn’t know such a huge amount of affection could fit in such a tiny expression. “But we’ve moved past it, and I’m so happy we did.”
He turns and starts walking towards outside. The compound’s gym has its own facility outdoors, for the comfort of their fliers.
It was a wise choice. The cat escaped the apartment enough already – Steve had lost count of how many times he came across the furry thing in the hallway, or even, once, down the fire escape stairs.
Steve’s lips curled in an unavoidable smile. He was glad he had closed his eyes – he had the feeling he wouldn’t be able to keep himself together if he was actually looking at Tony right now.
All in all, it was a great choice, even though it was far from the place Tony would have picked to take Steve on a first date – though, to be fair, Tony wouldn’t have been able to rent out the Louvre on such little notice anyway.
The guards are less subtle in their surprise: they gasp without any ceremony, clearly foregoing norms of behavior in their shock. Jarvis’ eyes are as wide as plates.
Tony snaps at him. His face flushes with despair and rage, tears prickle in his eyes. He’s paralyzed for one moment, then tries to reach for the armor in another, but stops when Steve lands a hand on his arm.
Howard doesn’t acknowledge it. Instead, he stalks to the corner of the room, where there is a chair, and sits.
, this is too fast. He forces his body to move closer. He’s unable to mimic any of Steve’s affection towards him, though, only raising his hand and setting it on one of his wide shoulders awkwardly. “Yeah. No… no worries. I just really need, need some sleep, sweet—
Unfortunately, though, Tony could still trust his senses. And he knew a sob when he heard one. A muffled, soft, small sob, but a sob nonetheless.
Steve’s lips twitch in that blinding smile he was trying to keep down. “I do,” he says, voice giddy. Tony feels himself grinning back.
The negotiations went smoothly, and in no time, the Starks were officially allied with the rebels, just – as the rumors said - in time for the Captain to start planning his final assault against the king’s castle.
This time, a creaking noise followed the slam of his hand. The pain was good – it kept him grounded, white sparks dissolving the picture of Bucky and Gail, though only temporarily.
Steve open his eyes. “What?” He looks at Stark, who has indeed sat up. He’s still breathless but clearly more composed, trying to gather himself together. Steve, meanwhile, is still too dazed from his orgasm to react properly, but he does his best. “Wait, where—where are you going?”
. He isn’t sure if the message fully comes across - he thinks it works better when it’s muffled against Steve’s neck.
Steve sighs, looking at him with those half-lidded, glass blue eyes, and boy, isn’t he a vision like this, sleepy and pliant. Tony starts working on those muscles he knows so well by now, with steady, firm squeezes of the back of his neck.
Tony nods as a reflex, thinking he must have misheard, and then Steve closes his fingers around Tony’s wrist and starts pulling him towards the door. He smacks Barnes’ shoulder with his free hand. “Talk to you later, Buck.”
Steve’s jaw clenches and his face heats. He doesn’t want to discuss his lack of a love life with Tony, of all people. The thought makes his stomach twist in embarrassment, even though he doesn’t understand why – Tony doesn’t seem to judge, merely stating it as a fact, but Steve still feels ridiculous, the truth somehow sounding a lot more pathetic when it comes from Tony’s mouth.
“Good morning, sunshine,” he drawls out when they break apart. Personally, Steve thinks he’s the one who looks like sunshine, smiling like that and irradiating so much warmth.
“Well, aren’t you cute?” Steve said, and then immediately stopped to wonder if Tony would remember those words when he got back to normal. There wasn’t much time for reflection, though, because he was pawing at Steve’s shirt, eyes in a plea that Steve knew too much about dogs not to understand. He picked the dog up, letting him nestle in his arms and rest his small head on his chest. “Hopefully this won’t be awkward later.”
Steve’s brows furrowed and his jaw clenched and his cheeks grew redder. He looked furious and beautiful, and Tony kind of liked that combo. It made him look unreachable, which was good, because he was.
Tony shuts his eyes. He knows he needs to plan a way to talk to Steve, to gently start breaching the barrier in his mind between fantasy and reality.
This time, not only does Rogers’ jaw clench, but his hand curls in a fist. “With all due respect, sir,” he says through gritted teeth. “I don’t think this will ever happen.”
state – his hair glued to his forehead, his clothes dripping with water, forming a small puddle in front of Steve’s door – or because he wasn’t expecting to see Tony for at least three more days.
“I will.” Rhodey’s hand gives his shoulder one final squeeze. “Just – be careful. And whatever you see…” His face closes in a weird expression, a mix of compassion and worry. “Try not to take it too hard.”
him for a while, watching that fucking geeky movie he loves, hearing his laugh and seeing his smile and not thinking he’s not gonna get anything like this in the real world.
A silence follows his response. Tony feels Steve’s nose nuzzling the back of his neck, sending a shiver down his spine, the warmth of his breath incredibly distracting.
“How do we get him out?” Tony interrupts. It vaguely occurs to him Ross must have partnered with a tech company, definitely a Stark Industries rival. He feels no curiosity over who it was, though, not now, when the only thing he can see is Steve’s pale face and the only thing he can think is
than Tony ever imagined). The mouth that had let out weak, ghosts of sobs at the thought of Tony thinking he wanted to hurt him.
“I,” Steve starts, and then cuts himself short with another sigh when Tony adds a little suction to a kiss on his neck. His lips part in that lovely
“I’m okay,” he says, although he’s still thrown off by Steve’s words, by the way he keeps staring into Tony's eyes, unafraid and certain. “Really, I was just asking."
Rogers’ reaction is unexpected. Howard had imagined he’d either answer it immediately or be scared by his bluntness.
Sam frowns, seeming monetarily confused by the question. “Isn’t he training?” He takes his bowl to his lips, sipping his milk. “Thought you said he was supposed to test the magnets on the shield today.”
He raises his hand to grab at Steve’s shirt and pull him closer to test that theory – which, come to think of it, Steve should
Tony rolls his eyes. He looks like a twelve-year-old, as bratty and as annoying. “I should probably let you go to sleep, before you vomit all over me.”
“Thank you so much for doing this, man.” Quill shakes his hand with a bright grin. Steve, who is profoundly regretting the decision to be here, nods with a strained smile. “Captain America as my groomsman. Take that, Drax!” He turns, addressing the other men in the room. “Oh, and the rest of you guys, too. You aren’t bad either.”
Heat climbs over Steve’s chest – he’s so exposed, and yet he wants even more, wants both Tony and Stark to have him entirely. He gives Tony’s cock a slow, long lick, feeling Stark spread his cheeks.
,” Steve interrupted. His jaw clenched as he gave Tony that expression he always wore when talking to him – tired as hell, but not so tired that he couldn’t also be disappointed. “Can’t you make anything easy for once?”
“…he must be getting out at any minute,” Barnes says, and Tony realizes he probably missed something. He turns towards Barnes, trying to force himself to at least carry out a semi-normal interaction, but then Barnes smiles at something behind him. “There he is.”
“She isn’t on to us. She…” Steve’s cheeks went a little pink at the memory. “She seems to think we’re distant, and that we didn’t fully bounce back from our, uh, divorce. She said that I looked… tense. And then she, uh, asked if I didn’t want to… ‘blow off a little steam’.”
to it. But I thought—hey, Sinatra, that, that seems like something he’d enjoy. And then, the craziest thing happened: I was actually right! I mean, not that you slept with me because of Sinatra, you didn’t even dance with me for him, so this isn’t really—”
Since Tony’s life is often neither fair nor logical, of course, it’s not the case. In fact, he and Steve spend most of the time when they’re not gracefully fighting together butting heads over every tiny, stupid, little thing; driving each other crazy with what should be the simplest of disagreements. Most of the time, they end up pissed and frustrated with each other, their battlefield connection nowhere to be found.
Steve blinked, the impact of Tony’s words washing over him. He made it all sound so simple, so obvious.
“And she will remain hoping.” Howard’s throat scratches as he speaks. He eyes the wine next to the throne, his mouth feeling dry as he sees the little drops of water dripping from the bottle. He can’t drink yet, though – there have been whispers, of course there have been, and he will not feed them so easily. He motions for Obadiah to go on, forcing himself to look away from the bottle.
There’s an open field around him, and the sky is golden. Steve thinks he can see something in the distance, a large structure resembling a palace.
They stay in silence for a moment. Tony knows Rhodey sees the same thing he does: Steve’s life signs are perfectly normal, as if he really is just taking a very long nap. Not only that, but his heart rate and brain waves indicate peace.
The hours that followed were some of the slowest of Tony’s life. He had been a pile of nerves in a way he didn’t remember ever being before a date. He found himself trying on the suit he used to meet the president and finding it incredibly ill-fitting.
“You don’t have to do this, you know,” Tony says, but his own voice sounds a little distant, almost dazed. “I mean, geez—I wanted to surprise you, and now here you are, having to take care of me.”
Steve wanted to punch him. “I know that,” he said, attempting to put his hands in his pockets only to remember he was wearing his old, ratty pajama pants. God, what a picture he must have painted for Stark’s eyes – the crippled neighbor who couldn’t even remember to grab his keys when he left the house. “I’ll call one in the morning.”
Tony actually snorts, spreading his arms. “I’m talking about the fact that I’m not a Sinatra guy, Cap. I don’t have anything against the guy, but I don’t listen to his music in hotel rooms for fun, and I sure as hell don’t
Steve stares at him. The proximity makes his cheeks heat a little. The gray suit Tony’s wearing contrasts beautifully with his tanned skin, pulling out a few grains of silver at his temples. Steve’s tongue feels a little heavy in his mouth. “I suppose so.”
creepy?” Steve’s voice raised a little at the last word. “Don’t—don’t you live in Manhattan? Why are you just hanging out around my building for days on end?”
It’s… oddly comforting, to see Tony in such cuddly clothes. Steve kind of wants to wrap a blanket around him, which, now that he’s thinking about it, might actually be a good idea.
“Okay, then,” Stark said, and his voice was like honey, dripping with sweetness and a silky undertone that crawled under Steve’s shirt and made his breath feel short. “I’m going to bed now. Goodnight.” He turned off the lights, and the darkness seemed cold in contrast to his voice. “If you need anything, just let me know.”
Steve tries to not think a lot about the picture he’s presenting, because that will weaken his performance. He’ll mess it up, and he doesn’t want that. He wants Tony to keep looking at him like he is right now, like he can’t even believe what he’s seeing is real.
The three of them startled at a sudden, strong whine, and Steve, who could recognize Lola’s cry anywhere in the world, immediately jumped to his feet, running towards her without even stopping to assess what had happened.
Steve thought guiltily of his own phone, carefully forgotten next to his bed precisely so he could avoid that interaction. “No, thanks,” he said, standing up and walking towards the door.
“What if I don’t stay like this?” Steve asked, because he couldn’t resist—the warmth of Tony’s touch was spreading all over his body, creating a giddy feeling that made Steve want to giggle and say silly things. “But you gave me back rubs anyway?”
He hasn’t yet drunk today. Sometimes, he does this – spends hours on end without touching one drop of alcohol, proudly asking for water at lunch and taking momentary delight in the surprised expressions of the servants. It’s almost a joke; a game he plays with his own thirst, ignoring it as much as he can until it finds him in bed, inevitably, when he lays his head at his pillow and remembers the smell of Maria’s hair.
Steve hums, eyes wide open because Tony looks so beautiful when he’s about to come, Steve always makes sure he doesn’t miss it. His gaze finds Tony’s, and he knows he understands his silent permission, because the rhythm of his thrusts increase, getting shorter and sharper.
“Thought you said there hadn’t been any progress,” Steve says drily. The man at the door smiles at him, his lips curling upwards just the tiniest bit.
The curse goes straight to Steve’s groin, and his moan is lost around Tony’s dick. Tony keeps going, in and out, exiting slowly but pushing himself nearly all the way in when he pulls Steve’s head forward.
“Uh. Yeah, we—we were really lucky.” Tony risked a glance on Steve’s direction, but Steve wasn’t looking at him – he was staring at Ayesha like he was preparing to go to battle.
(It would be hard, Tony thought, when the farce was over, and he had to get used to the fact that he
One of the Sovereign opened their mouth to give what Tony imagined would be a furious reply, but the other one jumped it first. “We didn’t mean to… interrupt,” he said, very solemnly, as if they had walked in the middle of a serious business meeting.
Tony nodded as a reflex (it was hard to not nod when Steve pulled that commanding voice, especially because it sent a very strange shiver down Tony’s spine) before taking in Steve’s words. “What?”
.” Tony’s voice is more vehement, and Steve is pale, paler than he’s ever been, like he’s gonna be sick. Tony puts his free hand on his neck, tries to make the touch steady and comforting. “Come on, baby,” he says, the endearment jumping off of his lips without him meaning to.
Steve takes a sharp breath, half relieved and half bothered by Tony turning his back to him. “No, thank you.”
“I did, yes,” he says, carefully avoiding the question, Howard notices. His mouth curls in a lopsided grin. “Hope Gingerbread is doing all right.”
(For a moment, a part of Tony had almost reveled in that, in that raw display of anger all over Steve’s features. His own body was shaking, blind with fury, and he
“Now,” Tony says, turning to the kids and sitting down. He tries to not get too hung up on to the fact that the chair is much more comfortable to him than it probably was to Steve. “Who wants to tell me where the story stopped?”
“Oh,” he says, and he’s back to his usual man-out-of-time voice, probably feeling old and stupid, the excitement from before already a distant memory.
“We’re not made for fairy tales. We’re made for war. And men like us, we can marry, we can have children, but at the end of the day, we’re alone.” He watches as Tony deflates, his mouth partially open, eyes shining suspiciously as Howard gets to where they both know he was aiming all along. “He will leave, Tony. He may promise he won’t, and say all the love sonnets in the world. It may take time, but one day, he will leave, just as Maria did.”
Silence fell at his final words, suffocating like a cloud of smoke. Tony blinked rapidly, panting, as he stood up in an abrupt motion. He hurried towards the door, shaking, aware that he had said too little and too much at the same time.
Stark is the one who breaks it, pulling away with a light smacking sound, his dark blue eyes staring at Steve with something he can’t exactly name. Desire, certainly, but also an element of sadness, longing, as though Steve isn’t right in front of him.
Tony, in the bed, sits up as well, though he doesn’t seem any less alarmed than a moment before. He takes sharp breaths. He is clearly trying to evaluate the situation; to detect what is the scenario in order to decide which posture to adopt. In a way, Howard recognizes, it’s almost admiring, how fast he takes it all in.
In a way, he almost expects to walk into a honeymoon suite, so it’s a relief to see his old king size bed, his desk filled with documents, the platinum TV across the room. Tony takes a deep breath.
“And I get it. I really do. But you are so—damnit.” His eyes are burning, and he’s gonna mess this up, but he needs to say it, needs to get it out and say it. “You are so difficult to read. Even inside your head, I couldn’t figure you out. You always just… escapes me. Being around you turns me into such a mess. You’re infuriating, and I hated you, and—I love you so damn much. I don’t even know how long I’ve been loving you,” Tony says, or maybe chokes out is the right term, because his voice is all wobbly now, and he’s crying, and too close to Steve’s face to take control of his words. “I love you. Fuck, I love you.”
He risks a glance at Tony, but his expression is impossible to read. “I think your boxers fell over there,” Tony says, indicating the corner of the bed. Steve practically jumps to retrieve them, wanting to avoid that blinding, overwhelming gaze. As he pulls his boxers on and reaches for his pants, he hears Tony’s voice behind him: “Don’t you want to have a shower?”
The comment is too silly for Steve not to chuckle. “Yeah?” he asks, cut off by a sigh as Tony’s hand grabs his ass tightly, fingers slipping inwards, finding the rim of Steve’s entrance. “I’m—
His eyelashes were obscenely long for a man, Steve thought, distantly, his face heating. The thought angered him slightly, as if Stark had somehow forced him to think it.
Tony never suggested they meet, though, or alluded to that night in any way. Steve wondered what that meant - if the mundane texting was just Tony’s attempt to rekindle their friendship, or if there was something more behind it. He wondered if Tony thought it was an unspoken deal, then, that what they did in Wakanda could happen more times - or, alternatively, if it wouldn’t ever happen again at all. It was hard to say. None of Tony’s texts sounded remotely flirty, but Steve can’t help but wonder - there are shades of grey between a relationship and a one night stand, and the thought of feeling Tony’s hands on him again is too tempting for him to not even hope.
“I know this,” Tony says, huffing a breath. “I’m talking about…” He trails off when he catches sight of Howard looking at him. “You know what I’m talking about. You know him.”
Maria was the one who encouraged Tony to keep creating. Howard had warned her against it, had said Tony needed to focus less on being creative and more on being productive, but she hadn’t listened. She never listened.
“Alright,” he says. It goes against his instincts – not to mention the entire dynamic of their relationship – to not argue with Tony, but what is the point now? Tony has a right to be angry – it’s not his fault Steve wants things he can’t have.
to address all the shit that happened between them in some way, and he wanted to see Steve’s reaction, wanted to see what he would say.
The wine fills the goblet beautifully, it’s redness bringing life to the dull metal surrounding it. “Can I? I was under the impression it was difficult to you to go through the city.”
Steve opened the gate rapidly, choosing not to pause to think about the fact that he could be potentially letting a stalker into his home. It wasn’t like Stark could physically overpower him, and, besides, at the moment, Steve was really just eager to get both of them and the innocent dog out of the rain.
. “I mean, you—uh, you obviously know more about 21st century fashion than me. I guess I thought you could have some… ideas.”
Between the old-timer lingo and the earnestness dripping from every word, Tony’s having a really hard time keeping himself from touching Steve right now, but he doesn’t want to push him. He nods, trying to seem encouraging.
Steve’s frown had deepened, of course it had, but the alien on the screen – and Tony kept forgetting his name and he knew if he kept mentally calling him “Mr. Clean”, the nickname would stick and he’d never know what was he actually called – seemed taken aback.
Howards draws in a sharp breath. He concludes the meeting, too tired to entertain Obadiah’s speculation on the Captain’s intentions, and goes to his chambers.
“I was so pleased when you two agreed to meet me for dinner,” Ayesha said. Her voice was kind, but there was a spark in her eyes of something that seemed a little too dangerous for Tony’s taste. She turned towards Steve, smiling. “The two of you are such a lovely couple.”
In a world where nothing around them is real, the truth is too heavy, and every syllable burns Tony’s mouth. In this moment, he’s certain he will fail. He can’t do this. It’s too much, to be in this dream world that’s supposed to be Steve’s but feels like it should be his own.
It’s a memory of Maria’s laugh – she had quite the inconvenient laugh, too loud for a lady, and although she was usually clever enough to conceal it, it tended to break free after a few drinks. Her laugh mixed with alcohol in her breath, and it tasted like the type of foolish, reckless happiness only the drunks have.
Steve chuckles, clearly pleased. It’s a soft sound, that Tony can only hear because they’re so close.
The water started light, with just a few thin drops, but it didn’t take long for it to grow stronger. As the rain drops grew ticker, it soon became impossible to look for anything, as it was getting harder to even see what was in front of him.
“Okay, so,” Bruce said, going through a tablet where he could see every single one of the failures of Steve’s body. “I take it that you’re adapting well to the hearing aid?”
“Don’t be mean,” Steve chastised. He was having a hard time not cooing over the small dog. He focused on holding him delicately, very careful not to accidentally squeeze him too hard or anything, because God, he was tiny.
He swallowed, angry at himself for knowing what he would say, well-aware he’d regret it deeply by the morning. “Okay.”
“Cap, I’m trying to help you out. Maybe this is not the best idea, considering how the other times I did this went, but—” Tony cut himself off, a little disturbed at the bitterness in his voice. “Anyway, what I mean is, if you have a secret fantasy about hooking up with one of the people who dress up as statues in Times Square, this is the moment.”
He doesn’t sound displeased by the idea, so Tony forces himself to shrug with one shoulder. “…Yeah? I mean, at least I thought…”
Tony forces himself to sit down, taking sharp breaths. Now is not the time to be thinking about that, not with Steve’s life on the line. He forces himself to focus on the life signs, on the line of the steady beat of Steve’s heart. This is what matters now – to keep Steve alive, to bring him back. There’s nothing Tony wouldn’t do to make that happen.
In Steve’s head, the movement happened in slow motion, and he watched in absolutely horrified terror as Stark
Tony’s eyes widen as he takes in the information. Fondness stretches inside of him as he studies Steve’s nervous expression, the way his lips seem to want to smile even if he wants to avoid it.
being really, really fucking hopelessly in love with Steve. To be honest, he was starting to feel a little lost under those different layers of lies.
He also knows he’s good at flirting. He knows how to be seductive without being inconvenient, how to be flattering without exaggerating, how to be suggestive without pushing any boundaries. He has mastered his technique over years, practicing with many different people. He never had any trouble getting a date, and, to be completely honest, he doesn’t think he ever will.
“What?” Steve asks, turning towards him. Tony tilts his head while staring at him, and Steve's cheeks heat further. Whatever he was supposed to do, he thinks, he’s certainly not doing it right. “Hungry? No, I’m… I’m not hungry.” Tony’s eyes are intense as he stares, and Steve shifts on the same spot. His hand rubs the back of his neck. “Honestly, I… I dunno. I. I think I should get dressed.”
The movie suggestion is a bit of a guess. Tony has seen (okay, maybe watched) Steve reading Tolkien’s books around the Tower multiple times, when he was using his floor for whatever mission they were working on, and yes, maybe he entertained the idea of buying two tickets for the newest Hobbit movie a few times then, in that period between the Chitauri and Ultron, when he and Steve were able to establish something that resembled a friendship just enough for Tony to dream of more. But he never actually got around to asking him, and for a moment it feels like he’s putting himself on the spot with this offer, letting real hopes slip inside this fantasy.
?” Steve’s words were echoing in his mind in a loop, and Tony had a distinct feeling he would never get tired of them. “Steve, I can’t forget it. That’s not, like, a thing that can happen. It’s just not.”
Tony shrugs with one shoulder. “They’re young,” he says, watching Steve’s reaction attentively. “They probably spend most of their time with their tongues in each other’s throats.”
“Oh, indeed – you prefer to wander the brothels, isn’t that right? I’m sure the whores enjoy your chatter, provided they’re well-paid.”
Tony is babbling nonsense, now. His hands are so strong on Steve’s hips - they're bound to leave marks, and Steve wishes he didn’t have the serum so they wouldn’t fade for weeks.
It would be fair and logical, Tony imagines, if the wonderful synchronicity he and Steve fight with also translated to their relationship outside of the field.
“No, this is where I tell you to stop trying to derail me from my point.” Rhodey leans in, stern face that tells Tony he’s about to get laughed at. “Which is: people in the dark ages were getting more action than you are now.”
There’s a knot in Tony’s throat, and yet his body is reeling, completely taken by the warmth of Steve’s frame cuddled up against him.
Ayesha called them to follow her, and Tony turned, his hand trembling on Steve’s waist, his heart feeling tight in his chest with thoughts of Steve’s tears and Steve’s tongue. Maybe he was too obvious, and he couldn’t avoid that conversation forever, but at least he could try to evade it for a little longer. He’d take that.
Tired of standing near the dance floor, Steve moves closer to the ship’s window. The view of space is beautiful, deep but still flooded with the colors of the things Steve can’t call fireworks. Steve especially likes to look at the Earth, seeming so small at such a distance.
belong to Stark, and the man just didn’t care enough to search for him. That made Steve furious, but he decided to channel that anger into energy to try and find the dog, who didn’t choose to have such an uncaring owner.
The small agreement weighed on his chest as Stark’s eyes widened, and Steve wanted to take it back, suddenly terrified of what it meant. But what was he scared of, anyway? Certainly, he didn’t believe Stark would jump him in his sleep or something, right?
He sits up, unable to lie still anymore. “I should, uh--” His eyes sweep the room, seeing the mess of clothes scrambled by the bed. “I should get dressed.”
Steve clenches his jaw. He has the distinct feeling Stark is eyeing him from his back, and that makes his skin prickle and his erection grow even more solid against the fabric of his underwear. “Stop that,” he chastises, searching Tony’s face for a reaction. Tony isn’t the jealous type, which Steve appreciates, because he enjoys the fact that Tony trusts him. He doesn’t react well to people blatantly flirting with Steve right under his nose, though. It makes him angry, and, sometimes, it makes him feel insecure – and, while the former can be unsettlingly arousing at times, the second isn’t a situation Steve is fond of. “Come on, I’ll meet you later,” he says, eager to get Tony out of a potentially uncomfortable scenario.
Barnes raises an eyebrow, eyes studying Tony for a moment. “Steve and I are brothers,” he says finally. “It’s not like that between us. Never has been.”
“Are we good, darling?” Stark asks, massaging his ass in steady, firm circles. His question is amused, though, and when Steve is halfway through croaking a breathless
“That’s an excellent idea,” Tony says, his hand now on Steve’s bicep, moving up and down in a comforting gesture. “Anything else you think we should do?”
It’s gone as soon as it come, though, and, as Tony wipes his mouth with a cloth, he looks away, his fingers picking a loose thread in the tablecloth.
fine, darling,” Stark drawled, and Steve was startled by his clear, sober voice– another rarity. “If you don’t mind me saying.”
He doesn’t finish this sentence, because Tony steps forward, grabs his shirt and pulls him into a deep, long kiss.
Still, Steve frowns at him. “We can’t just leave him outside.” As much as he’d like to go back to the task of losing himself in Tony’s body, he knows Stark’s presence would be impossible to ignore, even if he weren’t in the room with them. Steve would be too worried about the noises he’d make, wondering if Stark would hear, and, if he did, what would he think of it… All things he should not be thinking about.
Later, in the privacy of his bedroom, halfway through the blessed bottle, Howard does try to remember the stable boy Tony was talking about. He has a vague memory of an extremely sickly boy that the squires joked would probably get stomped by the horses while caring for them. He can’t remember his face, though, and he isn’t sure he ever learned his name.
Steve’s mouth did feel dry, but he decided he could stand it. “No,” he said. Then, he forced himself to mutter, “Thanks.”
Steve just stared at him, unable to form words. Stark turned his head towards the other end of the room, his eyes clearly chasing something.
Time passes, and Steve loves the way Tony looks at the world, how his eyes sparkle with interest at the tiniest things. He loves the way Tony’s mind works, how he will never understand it.
And Tony—Tony doesn’t even know what possessed him to ask. It had been an insane impulse to rival every single one of his most self-destructive habits. There he was, in the kitchen, filling himself with coffee, when Steve walked in with a book in his hand, sitting on a stool. He was wearing his grandpa clothes, his brow was furrowed and his blond bangs were falling a little on his forehead.
“Okay,” Steve said, his heart hammering in his chest. He removed his shirt in one hurried, nervous movement, as if he was pulling a band aid.
“A wonderful story.” Ayesha brought her hands together, fingers forming an arch as she looked from Tony to Steve, then back to Tony again. “Captain Rogers told me all about it. How he fought side by side with your father,” Tony, without thinking, looked at Steve, who didn’t look at him. “And then with you. How you fell in love, and then had… your
Steve grins. They’re close enough to the dance floor that they don’t need to walk much. The song playing isn’t exactly slow, but it’s far from a fast one either. As the singer goes on about going through a silly phase, Steve stops in front of Tony awkwardly, his heart beating so fast it feels like his chest is going to explode, and lands his hands on Tony’s hips.
Steve’s hand twitched under Tony’s, which made Tony remember he was still holding it. He felt incredibly conscious of it, even as he also stared forward, unable to bring himself to find Steve’s gaze.
As he types – a little slower than most people would – a name into the search bar, Tony’s heart kind of breaks.
He and Tony talk a lot. It’s one of their favorite things to do, Steve finds. Tony loves talking, and Steve loves to hear every word that comes out of his mouth.
So he quipped, and he made jokes, and, yeah, maybe that wasn’t the most mature approach to take. But it was all Tony had, so, in moments like those – with Steve standing right next to him, his shoulder nearly bumping Tony’s, as he frowned and listened to the Guardians’ mission report, Tony’s gaze inevitably drawn to the way his jaw clenched, to the little frown between his eyebrows – he simply had to joke. Any other alternative wouldn’t be socially acceptable, or at least not on any planet Tony knew.
But the moment passes, and Howard’s head hurts, and he believes the Romanoffs’ bottle may be hidden behind the beans cupboard. So he keeps walking.
“It’s not a funeral,” Steve replies. This isn’t how he envisioned finding Tony here at all, and he doesn’t like anything about the situation, from Tony drinking to his weak smile to the strange, distant melancholy in his eyes. “It’s a wedding.”
“That’s easy,” Tony says, a little frantic. His mind is already running through schematics. “I can program them to pick them off one by one – it will take a little longer, but it would be a matter of seconds.”
I want to thank Sheron, for the beta and advice; and Jay, for the prompt and for being so patient! I hope you enjoy this!
“Okay,” Stark replied, after a pause. Steve couldn’t imagine what he was thinking, and he found himself growing annoyed at his silence, wishing he could just put him out of his misery already. “Would you… Would you mind if I scooted a little closer?”
Steve thought about the question. It was hard to tell – most of the time, he found that his back pain tended to morph into a general, enveloping feel of discomfort, accompanied by a burning ache in a few specific areas. He did his best to point these out – unsurprisingly, they veered mostly to the center, between his shoulder blades, down to his coccyx and up to his neck.
Steve frowned as he tried to remember. He had not followed the story closely, but he picked up a few pieces of it when it was everything any media outlet seemed to be able to talk about. “You were… attacked, weren’t you?”
