or something along those lines. Something that’d sting in the older Stark’s mind. Something he would hate.
Steve paused. “You make me so angry sometimes,” he said, biting his lip and then lifting his hand to gently settle it against Tony’s still-sensitive cheek. “But you’re okay, right? You’re fine.”
“I’d like that,” he agreed with a small smile, eyes flicking over to the corner of the room where the grand piano rested. Most assumed it was a decorative piece more than anything, despite the fact Tony kept one in every home he owned and the chair was worn with use- but Steve had the honour of knowing better, and as Tony turned on his heel and began to wander over to the beautiful instrument tucked away in the corner, Steve walked parallel to him until he found the couch pushed against the side of the wall. He rolled onto it smoothly, feet on one armrest and his chin perched in his hands on the other as he looked over to Tony a few feet away. The man shot him a small smile and then settled into the stool, fingers flexing experimentally against the keys.
“How was your evening?” Came a soft voice to his left, and he blinked and turned to Bruce, who’d quietly sidled up next to him. His hair was damp and his glasses skewed, with a tell-tale crisscross of indents on his cheek which implied he’d probably been napping by the TV until Steve and Thor had stormed in and woken him up, of course.
Halloween, and he’d been totally looking forward to spending it with Steve. What better way to bring the spookiness alive than by spending the whole night cuddling up to your very own vampire boyfriend, after all?
“Your cigarette,” Steve leaned and kissed him lightly again, because he just couldn’t help himself, “sorry, I put it out again.”
Steve put his head in his hands, but before he could say anything else, a booming voice broke out in the room: “That is ENOUGH!” Principal Fury yelled, slicing a hand through the air, “now I want you to
“You’re going to be fine,” Bruce, Bruce with the curly hair and the sad eyes said, “you’ve been concussed pretty badly, but you’re going to be okay.”
“Can’t know for sure, he disconnected it from my system while he was upgrading it,” the AI responded immediately, “but I’m accessing it as we speak and I’ll show you as soon as I reach it.”
“Don’t care. Wanna cuddle. Deal.”
Tony blinked rapidly, eyes flicking all over Steve’s face, caught between staring at his eyes and his mouth. Eventually he just spluttered a little and nodded, mouth opening and shutting uselessly as Steve leaned into him. “I- uh- I mean- I… yes. Obviously. I- yeah. Yep,” he eventually managed to get out, his voice a few octaves higher than usual.
Pulling out his phone again, he tried Peggy’s number one last desperate time. Only for it to go straight to voicemail, of course.
“Uhhh, guys?” Clint called out from across the Penthouse, and everyone turned to him in question. He held up his arm, now with a Peter attached to the back of it. “He’s latched on again. How do you get him off?”
It was nice.
He jumped, hand curling quickly over the stupid napkin and covering the thing from view. He turned, looking up at Tony with a smile and a shake of his head. “Nothing, doesn’t matter-“
in that resolute, determined way of his.
Looking up at the red and gold armour in front of him, he clenched his teeth together and ignored the searing pain that flared up. “JARVIS,” he commanded, “pull up the framework of the suit, please.”
“The question is: who’s the hunter?” Steve folded his arms and looked around the room in question, but all he got back were blank and oblivious faces. In the corner of the room, some toast popped up, and was duly ignored. None of them held onto the grumpy sleepiness of earlier- not now they were in danger mode.
Tony, still not really awake, just sighed and then pushed his head into Steve again, pulling the blanket up a little further around him. “Mmm.”
His eyes were still open when Steve turned him, pulled him up into his arms. The ghost of his smile stuck to his mouth. A memory. “Tony, wake up.”
adventurous, I’ll get myself arrested. Finding a thrill wherever you can, right?” He shrugged, picking at a seam on his jeans. “It’s not really living. It’s just temporarily stopping me from dying, I guess. But it works, and I don’t- well, I
What other reason would the AI have for offering himself up like that, without hesitation? That’s just what family did, after all. Put one another first. Of all the things Tony could have taken with him last night: all the money he could have stolen or equipment he could have lugged into the back of his car—he’d chosen JARVIS.
He shook his head and laughed a little, turning away. “Jesus, I sound so pathetic,” he muttered. “Look- it doesn’t matter. I’m… thank you for what you did for me. Thank you for getting the ring. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it-“
“More of what?” Steve asked, before the penny dropped and his face paled even further. “More kids,” he responded to his own question, voice dull, expression horrified.
Steve didn’t really know. They lived wildly different lives. “My mom would’a killed me if I’d missed school like that.”
In response, Steve bit gently at his collar-bone. “Time of my life,” he said with a nod, before looking back down and continuing to map Tony’s skin with his lips, getting lower and lower with each open kiss. Tony just laughed, the sound quickly teetering off into a little hum of pleasure as Steve slid his big hands under the small of Tony’s back, lifting his hips up and then pushing their bodies closer together.
to be more careful,” he’d settled on in the end, keeping his voice as level and calm as he could and trying not to think about the panicked way that he’d heard Tony call out for backup, call out for Steve without even realising it. “I know that you say you do the math, you calculate the risk, but one day the odds will not be in your favour and you won’t make it out, Tony, do you fucking get that? Or are you just too fucking dense to realise you’re not
And Steve knew, if there was one thing that Tony Stark had never in his life been able to do, it was stop trying to help people.
With every development Peter made when he was in their care, all of them were going to become more and more entrenched in his life. And then he was going to leave them, and it would all collapse.
“Don’t you
As he walked over, the more logical part of him was telling him to just let it go, keep walking- Tony wasn’t… he wasn’t
– informed him, finally letting go of his arm (pity) as he slammed the doors shut again and then shucked off his coat.
“I know, I won’t keep you long. What’s your name?” They’d done this multiple times over the course of the night, so Tony was no longer confused by the inquiry. He responded sleepily to all of Steve’s questions without difficulty, and then when Steve was finished, Tony found his hand and took it, squeezing gently.
Tony winked, before turning back around walking over to the wall again. “The branch from the tree over the other side hangs down onto this part of the wall. You can climb up part of the way from the footholds in the wall, and then use the branch to pull yourself the rest of the way,” he explained, pointing to a particularly gnarly and old branch and then leaping high, catching hold of it without another word. He’d scrambled up and was sat on the wall faster than it would have taken Steve to say another sentence, grinning down smugly at him.
“Could have just been damaged,” she countered, but Tony shook his head.
“Sir, I strongly suggest that you do not-“
Tony stumbled forward, taking Steve’s hand in his shaking fingers and holding on desperately. He wasn’t above begging, never had been. For Steve, to keep Steve, he’d do just about anything, as shown from the events of the last few stupid
“You have nothing to apologise for,” Steve said calmly, voice low and reassuring. Tony shut his eyes and pursed his lips. “This was not your fault. Someone just violated your privacy and leaked that video without your consent, and we’re going to find out who. I’m not mad.”
Steve frowned, leaning back a little and looking at Tony’s face. It was creased up like he was staring at a puzzle he just couldn’t solve. “What do you mean, sweetheart?” He asked.
—was keeping his weapons cache, it was somewhere in the US then. Steve stored the information away, all the while compressing his anger at the whole situation. Tony was manipulating Steve into trusting him, saying that those weapons wouldn’t harm innocent people, when in reality he was simply planning to grab them for himself and use them for his own gain. And okay, it wasn’t like Steve was the angel in this scenario- after all, he was also manipulating Tony into giving away information under the guise of mutual trust, but
It couldn’t have been more than a few hours later when Steve heard his bedroom door slamming open, and he scrambled upright in bed just in time to watch almost every single one of his friends march determinedly into his tiny room, most of them immediately getting comfortable on his single bed and turning a deaf ear on his yells of surprise.
“What- I...why are you here, kid?” Steve asked tiredly, feeling the beginnings of a headache start up behind his forehead.
“No,” Tony said without even meaning to, his voice coming out raw and ragged as he took a step forward, “no, you can’t let them do this. You don’t understand--”
Rocket eyed it, something falling in his face as he snatched it out of Steve’s hands. For a moment, Steve thought that Rocket was going to tell him to fuck off, but then instead the raccoon just sighed and threw it around in his palms a few times. “Quill loved these fucking things,” he said quietly, “had a bunch of ‘em. One time, after me and the rest of the Guardians nearly goddamn killed ourselves by sharing the force of the power stone, Quill gave one of these little guys to Yondu and played it off to be a fucking infinity stone. It was so dumb. Quill was…
Tony gasped. That was… dangerously little. “Oh my god, Steve-”
But it wasn’t an unknown number. It was Thor, for some reason. Steve frowned in confusion for a moment, before inexplicably, something dropped in his stomach- something heavy and deep, that tugged on his throat and made it a little difficult to breathe. He wasn’t even sure what it was exactly- he just knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that when he picked up that phone something bad was going to happen.
Of course, that made Tony scowl automatically, and his hand flexed tighter around Steve’s waist. “No, don’t do that,” he muttered sulkily, and Steve laughed, smoothing out his brow with a thumb and then kissing him again.
Steve just shook his head in fond amusement; placing Tony down at his side of the bed and then pulling the covers over him. “Close your eyes, love- it’ll still be spinning in the morning.”
There was a second where he thought to himself, truly, of what he was about to do. The consequences of it. He wasn’t just risking his career here, but his life, his freedom. If this went wrong, it’d be prison for sure.
Come on, big guy, I know it's been a long day for you, but we're trying our best here. Steve's even gone to get you some food! Yummy bananas, you'll love them, right?"
Steve lay back, his head hitting the pillows as Tony ended the call. Night had fallen outside his window, and he could hear the hard rain as it banged against the glass once again, relentless in its deluge. It hadn’t stopped since Monday, at this point.
"Uh I… I'm at Flash's house the- the one with the windows-"
"James. James, wake up."
Tony can't help but laugh. This is what he did. He turned Captain America into a guy who tiptoes around words to make sure he doesn't upset him. Because who knows what a drunk will do if he's upset. Tony burries his face in his hands and the humorless laugher turns into barely concealed weeps. He might be way more drunk than he thought, or maybe it's the bone-deep faigued that settled yesterday. Or both.
He ran his hands up and down his face in an attempt to wake up. He leaned on the backrest and watched Steve starting the coffee machine and getting busy in the kitchen. It's only then that he spotted Peter perched on one of the stools, his bowl of ceraels clenched in his hands. He was anxiously bouncing his leg up and down, eying Tony and Steve at regular interval.
A harsh laugh escaped Tony's mouth. Those words weren't meant to describe a man like him.
"You good?"
"You're sure you'll be alright? Because I wasn't that cold you know if- "
"I got work to do."
He kept his eyes shut. His heart beat rose. The machine he hadn't noticed until now started to make a horrible noise.
He quickly wiped his tears (there was red on his hands too) but some were still rolling down his cheeks. The boy walked closer to his dad.
That voice. That damn voice that made his heart clench every time he heard it. That voice that drove him to tears.
"Is it?"
"Why didn't you call? Instead of... This. Pepper told me about Steve. What he did. Why didn't you call?"
"I don't want him. Not now. I can't Steve."
"Tony? We talked about this."
Steve tightened his grip and planted a kiss on the crown of his head. Tony didn't know why his throat closed off like that, a wave of nostalgia taking over him. He raised his head towards Steve and their lips met. He froze then. What was he thinking?
"YOU COULD HAVE DIED!"
Both of them chuckled while James stood to get back on the chair he had slept earlier.
"No…" Peter got out of the house with a clean trash bag in hand. Tony watched as he crunched his face in disgust as he passed the smokers and quickened his pace to arrive at the car. "He was at party. I'm dropping them at your place."
"Feel like I did most of the talking."
There was some more curses and shuffle before they hung up. The cold and the beer-soaked shirt made the whole ordeal just a little bit worse. Tony took a second to breath the cold air and regain his composure before sliding behind the wheel.
She was about to add something when Tony's phone started to buzz and the blonde's head appeared on the screen. Before he could say anything she advised him to answer and the red head disappeared, not letting him the time to protest.
"Don't do that again, though."he patted his shoulder.
"You're gonna freeze, take it back."
"Okay I'll tell him."
"He told me he was at Ned's-"
"Tony. You're awake. How are you feeling?"
"Natasha says it's good to be scared. 'Keeps you alive', she said."
(Great, you upset him, it's your fault he's sad, you woke him up, what a great dad you are.)
His voice was thick with sleep and annoyance of being woken up in the middle of the night by his ex-husband.
Tony knew that. He knew that his fears were not entirely founded. When they had adopted, it had taken a lot of work to not freak out and sabotage the whole thing out of fear of fucking the kid up. It was so easy to do, so quick to happen. Not being there enough, being there too much, a hand off comment that he would take to heart and build his entire behavior on. There was so many ways to traumatize a child, even without realizing it.
Peter's blond hair appeared next to him, the boy drowning in a too big Black Widow sweater, a crease of worry between his young eyes (you put it there, you idiot.)
"Do you?"
Tony nodded.
"Thor, go help Black widow with the cleaning team, and tell the medics to stay. Tony needs a check-up," the captain said.
"Why did he think that?"
"Ooooh hi mi'ta sark."
He collapsed on a chair. He hadn't even had time to shower and the undersuit's legs hadn't dried up yet (thank god for the auto-cleaning fabric or he'd be reeking).
"Honey, can you ask pops to call me when he's back?"
"You're staying for lunch ?"
Steve's hand raised in the air. Before he could think better of it, Tony ducked his head like an afraid cat.
He pulled up the covers to Peter's shoulders for the second time today and made sure that mister Hulk was right next to him.
" I just got, uhm,... Some reflexes that are hard to get rid of. "
Peter made an 'ok' gesture with his right hand instead of screaming back, and was shallowed whole by the dancing crowd a second later. As he got closer to the door, the kids got sparce, until he could actually walk without elbowing his way forward.
"Can't sleep," he whispered back.
All of this had stopped when he and Steve had decided to really give a try to something more serious. And it had worked. They had married 8 months later, they had enjoyed their honeymoon, he had got sober, they had adopted.
Tony climbed under the cover with him, and Steve secured his arm around Tony's waist. Steve's breathing was warm on Tony's hair.
" Hey we're not... We won't ask you to choose,sweetie. Pops and dad,... It doesn't work very well anymore. But we'll never ask you to choose. We still love you. You're our precious little bean, Pete. "
"Whithout telling us! Your father trusted you-"
After a long shower, he put the undersuit and Steve's suit in the workshop, and told JARVIS to remind him to take care of it.
"I'm sorry Tony, this is my fault, I should have call someone or, or,-"
Tony's and Peter's heads turned around to face Steve, both hands raised, palm out. He glared at Tony before turning to Peter.
"What?!" Steve suddenly sounded very awake. Tony heard shuffles and curses on the other hand of the line before Steve came back loud and clear. "At Ned's?"
Steve's shampoo had been the same for years, and a pang of sadness rushed through Tony as the smell of it englobed him. It was pathetic, really, how his heart still did weird things when he saw Steve. How Steve still felt like home, even in a house where Tony had never lived.
"It's sunday."
"What are you talking about?"
"Hi Ned."
"Dad?" he asked, grabbing the sleeve of his pyjamas ("undersuit, Peter, undersuit").
" Wow, sorry you just have, uhm, ice in your hair. "
"No he's not."
"Bed?"
Tony got out of the room to get a bucket and a bottle of water. He brushed against Steve on his way to the kitchen. The man grabbed his arm, just hard enough to stop him.
"I was thirsty."
Tony felt a headache blooming behind his eyes, from stress or fatigue, he wasn't sure. He walked up and down the long of the car, trying to calm himself and not explode at his son when he'd come out. It was nearing 2 am, his eyes closed themselves at regular intervals, he definitely wasn't in shape to drive back to the city. He would have, if there wasn't two teenagers with him. He fetched his phone from the glovebox and searched for Steve's contact. Tony knew that at this time of the night he was probably asleep.
There was a silence, the two of them waiting for the other to speak. Steve went first.
He couldn't do that to Peter.
"They're facts, Steve, not opinions. I'm tired."
"Dad, I don't-"
His father jumped before turning to face Peter.
He looked worn-out. Deep bags under his eyes, skin greyer than usual.
"Tony I'm sorry I have to-"
"I have an idea. You won't like it."
He uses his carefully crafted, completely blank voice that he uses with not-so-villain villains of the week and Tony's stomach turns in a way that has nothing to do with the half bottle of shitty rum he just drank.
"You said it was okay to cry?"
Someone screamed behind him. Tony heard Peter shouting people to shut up, while brushing his fingers against the mic.
The medics made him sit with a hot coffee in hand, while the rest of the Avengers was talking with them. He drank slowly, more for the heat burning his throat than for the caffeine. Someone sat next to him, but Tony didn't react.
“Fine,” he said grouchily, wishing he’d brought his tablet so that he could fiddle (and maybe track the activity in the top five floors- just to keep ahead of the game, you know.)
Plot's in the name
“Sleep, Steve. It’s 3 in the morning.” Tony patted his cheek. “blowjobs can wait until I’m a little more coherent.”
. He was self-aware enough to know that that was not what the team wanted to hear, and would probably only make them more intent on staying.
He landed back on the ground with a thud, pulling back the faceplate in order to wipe his brow. Around him, his mock-up city was in tatters, but their civilian death-count was at zero, and the fake bomb had been successfully disposed of with minimal damage. Steve patted him firmly on the back as he passed. “This was great, guys,” he said warmly, nodding at everyone as they reconvened, “anyone got anything to say about it?”
Steve huffed, raising a hand so that his lips were pressed against the rim of the mug before muttering “well why don’t you get me a date with Tony, then, if you know me so
Clint rolled his eyes as he too swiped his own gun from a nearby corpse. “No point saying that to him. It’s Tony on the line here.” He pointed at Steve. “Also, can I just mention that you’re paying for my skis when we get back. I got these specially designed and everything.” He attempted to tug the dark purple ski from within the chest cavity of the man underneath him, but sighed when the thing wouldn’t even budge. Admittedly, Steve had thrown it at a pretty rapid velocity. They’d been the only thing available to use as a weapon at the time, short of throwing Clint himself, which probably wouldn’t have gone down very well.
“No no, that was Peg—” Tony stopped himself suddenly, the smile sticking on his face. Steve, too, felt the immediate heaviness settle down in his chest at the start of her name. Not nearly so sharp, so agonising as it had been in the beginning—although he guessed Tony didn’t know that. Last time they’d seen each other, Steve wouldn’t even say her name at all.
“Maybe in a world where I’d never gone to goddamn war, yeah,” Steve snapped angrily, “I would love to get through one fucking birthday without screaming, y’know, would be
okay? If you say another word I am
Tony leading them, Steve walked through the huge, empty mansion. In all honesty, he barely even noticed it- too focused on Tony’s hand clasping around his own.
Thor put out a hand as Tony got within reaching distance. “I would be careful,” he said gravely, “Steven may not be of sound mind right now.”
“Luckily, you are not most people in any sense of the phrase,” Tony smiled at him and leaned forward on the table, chin resting upon his hand as he picked up his spoon and then scooped up the last chunk of brownie, “a bit of casual objectification means nothing to you.”
Steve stepped out of the way before he could reach. “I need to… I’ll see you later, Tony.”
“Yes to the asshole part. No to the ‘you hate me part’, Yes to the ‘you suck’ part, but probably in a different context to what you’re thinking.” Tony paused, before looking at Steve’s face with a frown. “You might want to go A&E for that nose. Looks broken.”
, he wanted to say, but like every other word that had tried to force its way up through his non-responsive throat, the sound never made it past his teeth.
“Did we just get lumped into the night-shift again?” Steve asked, glancing dubiously down at Peter, now sat comfortably in Tony’s grasp once more.
I don’t…I don’t want you to get divorced! But you
“Where does he live?” Bucky cut in, “We’re coming over. I want to check you’re okay.”
Steve didn’t bother lying. “No,” he said, “but I know that I have to do it.”
Steve watched as Tony's face softened a fraction. He huffed and shook his head. "Uh- Peter. Peter Parker. Little asshole if I ever saw one. But... he's a good kid."
He didn’t want to leave, but if he stayed any longer he felt like he might be physically sick. His whole head was a complete fucking disaster-zone by that point, and he could hardly even tell which direction was up any more.
“Sweetheart,” Steve was there when Tony opened his eyes again, looking deeply concerned as he settled his hand down against Tony’s shoulder, the other one brushing Peter’s back, “what’s wrong? What happened? You look… is everything okay?”
When Tony came into view, he watched Steve go still, and the tension racketed up a notch or two. “Steve,” Tony said in a low voice, hands going up slowly, “do you know who I am?”
He had discovered early on that he wasn’t the only one the relationship whose colouring gave away their emotions. Tony blushed like crazy if the right thing (and mostly Steve-related things, he’d found out with amusement) happened.
“Steve,” Tony laughed a little, stopping by the passenger seat of his car, “believe me, you do not know the half of what I think of you.”
“You know what it’s like,” came the eventual voice, way too fragile to sound remotely like Thor, “to watch as you lose someone you love. See them slip away, slowly- and I suppose, for you- know that there is nothing you can do about it.” He didn’t blink as he spoke, but swallowed heavily and then puffed out his chest, lips pursing into a thin line. Eventually, he turned and angled his head over to Steve. There was a defeated smile on his face. “Well, for me, I know that there
“Oh, yeah, sure, ‘cause that’s gonna be an even match—” but Steve was already hopping down the stairs, pulling Tony along with him. “—God, you’re not thinking of going full-speed with me still attached to you, right, because you’re just gonna end up dragging your boyfriend along in the dirt. Or pulling my arm off.”
“Are we serious?” Tony asked breathlessly, “are we actually gonna get married?”
Except it didn’t. Thud, that was. In fact, he never felt the floor at all. Instead, he found himself buffeted by something hard and yet soft. Unyielding yet gentle. humming in surprise, he valiantly attempted to pull his eyes back open and see what it was that was holding him.
Steve looked down at their hands, watching Tony lift away and brush his fingertips over the back of Steve’s palm, trailing over his knuckles, joints- carefully stroking around Steve’s ring finger, just for a second before sliding away again. They both smiled, lost in the thoughts of a million different things.
“I’ll get you out, Steve. It’s gonna be okay. I have a med-bay at my safehouse. You’ve lost some blood, but you’ll be fine.”
When Steve pulled up to school the next day, Tony was actually there.
, never mind buildings, and Steve knew Tony—he always worked at least seven steps ahead of everyone else. There was a larger game afoot here, and Steve didn’t even want to know what it entailed.
Clint begged.
Tony’s voice cut off with what could only be described as a strangled squeak, and Steve looked up just as Tony looked down, eyes wide and blinking hastily at their suddenly joined hands.
He just needed to work on something.
“Always,” Steve replies, pulling away to kiss Tony soundly, paint-covered hands curling around his jaw and stroking soft circles into the skin, “I… I couldn’t sleep. I missed you, and- i don’t know, usually it doesn’t bother me, but I just… it’s winter, and you were flying across the atlantic, and I’m stupid so I worry about these things-”
He stifled a yawn into his hand and then rubbed at his eyes, checking the clock on his desk. 2:29am. The rest of Stark Industries was completely shut by that point in the night, everyone else having long since drifted off home. But Tony was catching up on all the work that he’d been letting build up over the past month or two, and so he’d chosen to stay up and try make his way through the ever-large mountain of folders and files. It was boring work, but easy. Allowed his mind to focus on other things; blueprint designs and team plans and such. His hand scrawled out a signature that Pepper had circled for him, and then he moved onto the next form absently, paper shuffling under his hands. He’d opted against music that night thanks to the headache currently threatening to spill into a full-blown migraine, and so the office was strangely silent. Just the crackle of paper and the scratch of a pen, and then the occasional click-clack of fingers on a keyboard. Pepper said that she enjoyed silence like this, but Tony couldn’t fucking stand it. Made him antsy as hell, if he was being honest.
The door slammed again with a final thud, and Steve just looked through the small gap under the bed, mouth hanging open in complete shock. He couldn’t even believe that had happened- that those sorts of words had been said to a child, to
Steve was so,
They had to do this. For Tony.
for three shitty weeks, because you let some shitass trickster get in your head.”
“Hey,” Steve touched Tony’s shoulder lightly and then watched as Tony jumped a little, head spinning to look at Steve again, “you okay?”
Light streamed in through the windows on his right; what looked to be a midday sun. Steve wasn’t sure how long he’d been out, but he felt… better. A little more level-headed. The events of the last few days began unfolding themselves more coherently in his head, and he took in a breath as he processed it all.
“Oh, as if you can even say a word about baby rules,” Bruce snapped as he turned on his heel and then ran back over to the living room. Steve frowned at Bruce’s words and looked at Tony, but he didn’t get much support.
“Bucky-“ Steve began warningly, but his best friend turned quickly to him and shot him a look that said a lot of things in a very short space of time. Mostly just ‘trust me’.
“No, you didn’t,” Steve couldn’t help but laugh as Sam sighed, throwing a wrapper at him and saying “just go back to sleep, Clint.”
So he opens the book- and his name stares back at him.
“I’m glad you came,” he stated honestly, “you’re a really good friend, Thor. And for the record, I don’t think you’re ever going to be a failure. To fail someone- to properly,
This time, Rhodey’s voice was louder when it responded with Steve’s own name; two voices drawing one another in. Steve followed the sound hurriedly, relief flooding him. If one of the team were alive, that meant more could also be alive. It wasn’t too late. He wasn’t too late.
He thought it over for a few seconds. Then decided. “We’re splitting up,” he said, straightening his back, “I’ll stay up here. You and Thor get down to call for help.” At the look on their faces, he acknowledged that he was going to have to justify this, and so he raised his hands before either of them could interject. “Look, I’m not hurt, I have heightened senses, and I can hold my own. You’re right that we need backup for this, but if there’s even a chance that we can find them quickly then I can’t pass on it.”
wasn’t good enough for
Tony had padded back into their bed and fallen asleep shortly after with the thought playing through his subconscious, and by the time he’d awoke to the smell of bacon and the sound of Steve’s singing drifting through the floorboards, his mind had been made up: he was going to propose, and it was going to be perfect. He was going to make it everything that Steve had ever dreamed of, because he knew that Steve would do the same for him, and his goal in life was to be half as good as Steve was at all this. Tony knew he was messy, and
“Oh, totally is,” he admitted, “I’m literally the poster-boy for bad decision-making and unhealthy lifestyle choice. But it doesn’t mean I can’t try and stop you anyway. You’re…” his nose wrinkled, like he was trying to find the right word, and despite the aura Tony tended to give off, the action itself was rather- well- adorable. “You’re too good for that. Still got some good friends. Romanov’s loyal- terrifying, but loyal. Heard Wilson’s a great guy, too. Just stick with that. You’ll get through.”
“Guys, we gotta behave now, mom and dad are back.”
He made his way slowly toward the main entrance, peering into the garage on his way up and noting the array of cars on display. The red Ferrari- the one that belonged to Tony’s dad- wasn’t there, though, and Steve wondered if that had anything to do with the fact that Tony had invited him over.
Tony looked up at Steve, who was staring softly at him, brows drawn a little closer together than they had been before. “You’re never gonna have to be alone again, Tony. Not any more.”
pay off.”
The New York roads were busy as ever, and Tony watched the lights of the city pass him by while Steve drove them home, one hand on the wheel and the other a firm weight against Tony’s thigh. He briefly looked sideways, checking the other man was wearing a seatbelt. He was. Steve was a stickler for road safety. Not that a seatbelt would help all that much if, for instance, a truck was to lose control and hurtle into the side of their car right now. The model Steve had picked wasn’t reinforced. Just any other company car. Could probably withstand an impact of about 30,000 Newtons, if his math was correct. And Steve was going two miles above speed limit. That lowered the number to about 29,000 Newtons, actually. Would that be the difference between life and death? Probably not.
He knew- some part of what was left of his rational mind- that he was going through a severe PTSD attack, and it was horribly dangerous to keep Tony near when he was like this. But he couldn’t let go. He didn’t know what was real and what was a memory any more, and if he lost Tony’s warmth, the ice that had set in his bones might consume him entirely. He had to hold on. He
“I’d just hand it all over, if I were you,” Steve whipped around, watching with disappointment as another guy, definitely the oldest, stepped up from the other side of the road, effectively cornering him. There was no one else on the street. Just Steve and three guys with bodies like treetrunks.
It hurt.
The question, just like every other he had asked that night, was out before he could stop it. Genuine curiosity more than anything; an almost desperate desire to just know all he could about Tony Stark. There was so much he would never even have imagined- the boy was a fucking
“You can come in now,” Clint’s voice permeated his thoughts and he glanced up, smiling wearily at the man as he stuck his head around the corner of the door. “We’ve Tony-proofed the whole floor.”
“Oh, come on, I built her from scratch, she won’t crash.” Tony laughed sheepishly and then pouted at Steve when he just pushed him again, not exactly getting him very far considering he weighed about half of what Tony did, but still- it was the sentiment that counted. “I’m sorry. I promise I’ll wear it next time I ride.”
“It’s not our decision.”
JARVIS was silent for a few seconds. “You will not like what you hear,” he warned softly, “Howard Stark is a vicious man, and it was often his words that hurt Tony more than his physical abuse. Are you sure this is something you want to listen to?”
That day was no different. Steve still had a good forty minutes before his bus came, so he was absolutely fine with getting comfortable on the bench and pulling out his sketchbook from the folds of his bag.
“My mother gave me this necklace when I was, what, seven? Yeah- seven or eight, I think,” and Steve looked up at Tony then, as he stepped forward and dug his fingers under his collar, pulling at the chain around his neck and showing Steve the same necklace he’d seen a handful of times by that point, “it was her father’s from back in Italy, and when they died, she brought it back. She had her mother’s- hers was a little star, and mine’s the moon, look-“
But they didn’t have time for this. He didn’t have time to try and make any of that better. Steve looked away, turned his concentration to the shackles that held Tony to the table as he quelled the bubbling self-hatred. He stood, pulling out the small laser-cutting device he’d taken from the armoury. It fit neatly in his palm, and he directed the beam at the chain wrapped around the loop in the desk. “Hold still,” he said shortly, and then switched the thing on, firing a concentrated ray down at the table. The chain was standard; no reinforced metal, and it snapped away after a few seconds. Steve gently pulled it from the desk, releasing Tony’s hand from it. Then he looked back down at the other man, his palm settling over Tony’s shoulder before he could move to stand.
Steve’s hands flexed against the wheel and he rolled his eyes, absently tucking a corner of the duvet into Tony’s side. “I think,” he began, “that you would go stir-crazy if you spent any more than a week here, and I would too.”
And Tony would have still been in the house, obviously. Finishing up whatever it was that he’d been so adamant on working through. Maybe if there’d been traffic, Tony would have gotten out. Maybe if Steve had argued with him a little harder, Tony would have agreed to just go over to Thor’s straight away.
“Uh- well, I mean, I don’t have anywhere to be-”
He lifted his arm, but then felt a sudden shove in his back and stumbled, noticing the two speedsters fly past him. Now the whole group were on one end of the corridor, backing off like they were retreating. Tony’s eyes narrowed, and he lifted his repulsors again, trying to get a decent hit. But the target he was aiming for- the bulletproof guy that hadn’t been present for most of the fight- dropped low, right before Tony fired. His hand splayed over the floor, leaving something there. A small device.
“Yeah, I’ll bet,” Steve muttered, “if Natasha even smiled at me weird, I think I’d leave the country.”
He expected some sort of rebound comment that passed it off, maybe a smile. Thor always seemed to smile. Except today. His face just seemed tight now. Tired. He pulled the spliff back up to his mouth, but just as he was about to purse his lips around it, Steve watched a large drop of rain fall and land directly on the lit end. Thor cursed loudly, looking down at it with a glare so fierce Steve was almost afraid of him for a second.
Hopefully.
With a wince and a muffled curse, he sat up on his elbows and looked to the source of the noise. On the couch, the baby was wriggling and squirming, face scrunched in discomfort as he fisted his hands and bawled his eyes out. It was loud and piercing and it sounded like the damn kid was dying. He sat up straighter, feeling as Steve did the same on his other side. "What the fuck?" He slurred, still halfway between conscious and asleep.
“Please don’t make me tell you- it’s a surprise,” Tony pleaded, sticking out his bottom lip and putting his hands together in a prayer as he leaned closer to Steve. Steve just focused very hard on Tony’s nose and tried not to notice the proximity. “Pretty pretty pretty please with a cherry and sprinkles and solid gold shavings on t-“
The other man, John, hefted up his clipboard and then looked over at Steve, who was stood at the front of the group, expectantly. Steve froze, obviously completely at a loss for what to say. They couldn’t tell the truth, not now all this new information had come to light- Peter would be in danger if he got put into the system at this point, and none of the team would let the child run that risk.
He looked sideways, smiling wryly as Iron Man arced through the air and twisted through the trees, taking down gunner after gunner with practised ease. He’d updated his armour again since the last time Steve had seen him: Tony had been on a long-haul business trip on the West coast, so Steve hadn’t been with him in a good few months, except for week after the Mandarin attack when Steve had gotten the plane over to Malibu in order to help try and find Tony’s body in the wreckage of his home there, and then (Thank God, thank
Tony hummed sleepily when Steve shuffled into the bed next to him five minutes later, and Steve smiled, gently pulling Tony into his arms. His eyes fluttered briefly as he rolled into Steve’s hold, but he didn’t wake and a few seconds later he was back to snoring gently into Steve’s shoulder. He’d probably wake up covered in drool, which should really be a gross thought but honestly, Steve couldn’t say he cared. His fingers curled around the back of Tony’s head and he played with a little loop of dark hair for a second before letting his head rest back down upon the pillow. He probably wasn’t going to sleep that night—not when his emotions were still running haywire in his head—but for now, he was just content to hold Tony in his arms and try and imagine that it helped in any way at all.
Tony stirred the pan quietly for a moment, a small frown creasing his brow. His left arm moved up and his hand settled against Steve’s as it wrapped around Tony’s stomach. “It’s gonna sound a little weird,” he began, pulling a face, “don’t laugh.”
“Not even to make you coffee?”
With a scowl, Tony toed a baby shirt out of his path into the bathroom, where he brushed his teeth and took a shower. He heard Steve come in half-way through, but there was no tell-tale burbling or crying that implied Peter was with him. At least Steve had actually given him to Thor for the night. Because this was their time, and they were supposed to be having fun, not sulking in the shower.
But then the man nudged him gently in his side, and he had no choice but to turn and face him, slow and nervous. When he did catch sight of Steve, however, he was certainly not expecting what he saw.
Steve made a face and looked at it through a wince as Peter continued to scream. Tony attempted to simply rock him back to sleep like he'd seen in movies before, but either he was doing it wrong or that simply wasn't what Peter needed, because five minutes passed without what seemed like a single pause in the baby's cries. Tony started to develop new earplugs for parents in his head. They'd probably be a hit.
“I know,” Steve said quickly, his hands wrapping around Tony’s back, holding him close, “and I know we have this conversation every time one of us gets hurt. It just…”
That was Howard Stark.
But Steve hadn’t seemed… well, he hadn’t been enthusiastic at all when Tony had first broached the subject with a smile and a little jig. He’d just shrugged indifferently and told him that none of them ever made plans for Halloween. That they didn’t celebrate it. And then before Tony could even respond to that, he’d changed the subject swiftly and moved along like it’d never happened. Then, when Tony tried again a few days later, Steve did the same thing. Said that he didn’t watch horror films because they were shit, and before Tony could argue that
Tony wondered how many times he must have just blacked out in the middle of the gym or the kitchen or the couch, just like that- boneless, spread-eagle, probably hitting his head on the way down-
real in all of Steve’s life.
Tony just rolled his eyes, revving his engine and then leaned forward to wave at Bucky. “Aw, babe, don’t worry, I’ll send him apology flowers later.”
travelled back to the present, you would be trying to exist in two timelines at once. One where Tony died and you went back to save him, and one where Tony never died at all.” Reed’s face creased, and he shook his head as he started swirling the pen in a circular motion, creating a scribbled black void in the centre of the diverging line. “You’d rip yourself apart, Steve—caught in an eternal paradoxical loop. It would be worse than death. You’d be conscious, but your body would be… God, I don’t even know. And the rest of reality would collapse alongside it. There is a reason time-travel has been universally banned. People cannot bring two realities into one. Even the Tescillians that brought this thing to Earth,” he gestured behind him, over to the corner where that strange alien chamber lay, silent and inviting, “even they knew as much. They’d never intended to go home alive, because they knew they couldn’t unless they wanted to tear a rent in the universe.”
“Uh, no I’m not,” Clint threw the money back at her, “I went last week. We’re on rota- it’s Steve’s turn if my memory serves correctly.”
The gauntlet was heavy under his hands, incredibly so, but he held up for as long as he could, until the air was pushing out of his lungs in a scream of desperation, just trying to do anything that would hold him back. Thanos looked at him, and Steve felt like an ant.
“Thank you for being so cute.”
“Disagree on point one, totally in agreement of point two,” Tony slid off the stool at the same time Steve did, looking down at him, “Mr ‘I saw someone drowning some kid’s homework so I decided to start a fight with them despite the fact they were both on the football team and I am five-foot nothing’.”
Steve looked at it for another few seconds, before he smiled and shook his head, leaning down to kiss Tony’s forehead. “You think of me when you’re buying brunch bars?” He asked somewhat smugly, grinning in the way that showed off the points of his teeth. Tony just rolled his eyes and shoved him gently.
Okay, so it was stupid.
He felt like a dick. He knew, in his head, that when he picked apart the things that Tony had done and berated him for it, whenever he told him to do better and got on his back over the things he’d done, it was out of concern for his safety. Steve wanted to keep him safe but he didn’t know how, so that frustration manifested more sharply than Tony deserved it to be, more cutting and unimpressed than what Tony needed.
“We’ll need to arrange a funeral,” Clint said dully, at some point in the night, “he’ll… he’ll have had contingency plans, a will, too.”
He found their floor abuzz with its usual afternoon activity when he eventually joined them; with Clint and Nat both lying over the kitchen counters, clad in their SHIELD uniforms after just arriving back from the New York base where they’d spent the day. They were discussing what appeared to be some sort of office gossip about the reliability of Jeanette’s sources, and whether Ricky had actually slept with her or whether she just wanted her five minutes of fame on floor 4. From what Tony could hear, Clint seemed to be a believer, but Nat was sceptical about the whole thing. Near to Nat’s head, Bruce was making two sets of tea and heaping about seven sugars into the second cup, so Tony was going to assume that Thor was on the way at some point in order to drink the God-awful thing. It wasn’t as if anyone else in the room would ever allow that to go near their mouth.
“Are you with Tony?” Someone- a girl, it seemed like- asked him. Her voice sounded annoyed and somewhat familiar, and Steve frowned in confusion.
Steve had won. He looked inside, pulling out the hat and placing it delicately on his golden-blond hair before pulling out the piece of paper from within. With a fond grin, he read the question out loud. “Thoughts on dating Tony Stark?”
“Fine,” Steve lied, “it’s probably worse than it looks. I get nosebleeds easy, don’t I Bucky?”
Tony said nothing for a moment, and then he breathed out heavily. “Wow. You’re good at speeches, Steve, anyone ever tell you that?” When Tony looked up, he was smiling brightly, his eyes wet. “I’m glad you found a home, Steve. And—and I’m glad I found you, too. I don’t think you know how much.”
For the prompt 'come over here and make me'
They’d hit him over the head with a stuffed toy and called him a loser. Steve had wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and kissed the back of his neck until Tony got distracted enough for Bruce to slam himself into Tony’s front and declare a group hug. Everyone had laughed, and it had been the happiest Tony had been in a long time.
. He shuffled nervously and never took his hands out of his pockets. He didn’t touch Tony unless Tony moved first, not once- not in bed, not in the field, nowhere.
It was probably a little inappropriate, but Steve just grinned. “Wanna hear a fucked up story?”
Steve sunk slowly to his haunches, locking his elbows against his knees and then pressing the heels of his hands into his eye sockets hard enough that his vision went spotty.
Thor followed suit shortly after, taking Steve’s side once more as they both looked down at the clean grave below them. Steve thought of his dirty knees, and how she would have scolded him if he’d have turned up looking like that when she’d been alive.
Someone put their hand on his shoulder, and he followed the limb until he found Bruce’s face. “What we do now is we support him,” he said, turning to the rest of the table, “in any way we can. He needs us now, more than ever. You know what he’s like… if we’re not there to catch him—”
about what you’re doing, letting your stupid lizard brain take over as soon as you think I might be in the tiniest little bit of trouble and- and-“
“Tony, relax,” Steve laughed, taking Tony’s wrists and tugging him in closer until he was slotted between Steve’s legs, “it’s fine. I think it’s sweet that your robot is willing to break Asimov’s first law for you. Slightly terrifying, but the sentiment is touching.”
Something sunk in his chest, and he felt a strange clenching, churning sensation begin deep within: fear.
“I could—what if I’m just overreacting?” He wasn’t stupid. He knew he had a strange obsession with listening and hearing Steve’s heartbeat, especially as of late. Yeah, maybe ten years ago he wouldn’t have thought twice about going in all guns blazing, but things were different now. He was less impulsive, a little more level-headed. He knew waltzing into Steve’s high-risk mission without forewarning had the potential to go disastrously if he misjudged.
At that, Steve felt himself grimace as his hands flexed over Tony’s jaw. It sent a spark down his spine, and the urge to kiss Tony again increased tenfold, so he gave in to the urge and pressed a bruising kiss into his lips. He didn't bother correcting her name. “Couldn’t fuckin’ stand her touchin’ you like that,” he muttered into Ton'y mouth, “not hers.”
Tony’s fingers stilled. “Oswald?” He asked after a beat of silence, something strange in his voice. “I’ve heard of that one.”
“Oh, absolutely not,” and that time it was Thor answering as he dived headfirst into the fort, “if my mom caught wind of what I was doing to her furniture, she’d cut my hair off in my sleep. Luckily, she’s currently in Oslo, so…” Thor just shrugged, lying back and resting his head in his hands. “Until then, we’re good.”
He heard a splash of water from the other room and then Steve’s muttered tones and turned back around, heading back to the bathroom and poking his head inside. Steve was holding Peter about a meter away from him, letting the baby drip water onto the mat as he stared intently. “Okay. Okay, alright see, this isn’t so hard,” he muttered to himself as he slowly, carefully lowered Peter onto the towel he’d placed over the floor. Peter kicked his legs out experimentally, and Tony half expected Captain America to scream, but the superhero held his nerve.
Bucky just shoved him into the wall and smiled. “That’s why I only ever do it once every year,” he said, “so don’t be expectin’ any good advice for the next twelve months. You just used up your quota.”
Steve privately thought that there was probably a good reason for that—Asgardians, and Thor in particular, were hardly the easiest of guests to deal with. No doubt on the day itself, he would cause an unending flow of problems for them. But that wasn’t going to stop them from inviting him, obviously. They might just need the rest of the team to guard him a little.
“Do you really just care about me
He stopped half-way down the stairs and made a face to no one in particular. He really just wanted to get home and curl up in bed, honestly- maybe with ice cream. And facing Tony after what had happened earlier was just… no.
“No, no, see, we want to get
“If you’re sure,” Tony mumbled, letting his eyes fall shut. He bit his lip, suddenly nervous to say the words on his tongue. But again, it was silly. Nothing had changed. Steve didn’t think… less of him, now. If Tony said it, he’d get the same thing back. “Love you.”
“Pepper will yell at me,” Tony went for a different angle, pouting down at Steve, “is that what you want? Do you want her to yell at me?”
“No one is grooming anyone into geniuses,” Natasha cut in firmly, her face a little pinched as she added “he might not even
By the end of the morning, there’s pages and pages of data- Clint’s triggers, his history, his likes and dislikes and his mental state- all cross-referenced with one another and neatly sorted into workable piles. He tells JARVIS to scan the work and track it with Clint’s behaviour; flagging him up in either amber for medium risk, or red for immediate.
Tony was looking at him, a pained expression on his face. “I’m fine,” he said croakily, sitting up a little bit, before cocking his head and adding, “are
okay- whatever’s wrong, we’ll sort it out. Are you being bullied?”
“Oh, as riveting as it always is,” Tony told him, and he sounded tired, “they know at this point that trying to give me work is useless, so I just sat and got yelled at by Principal Fury for an hour. Fun stuff.”
Everyone looked at him, and he realised he was shaking violently. “That’s a message,” he said, and Rhodey’s face cleared of is confusion, the penny dropping as he gaped at Steve.
He felt the heat and subsequent explosion as it all immediately caught alight, and threw himself as far as he could go before the fires could touch him. Landing awkwardly in the snow, he watched in awe as the thing went sky-high, burning right up through the trees and licking at the sky, heat almost unbearable . He scrabbled away further, burying himself in the snow.
And, of course, Tony forgave him. It really was just a stupid argument, after all. They’d had far worse, and Tony had been an asshole about it too. Eventually Tony agreed to doing his best at remembering to put his stuff in the dishwasher when he used it, and Steve kissed him in thanks, and then they fell asleep together. The next day, it had slipped Tony’s mind entirely.
was there, and his chest was heaving. Up, down, up, down.
“Tony, it’s three-fifteen,” he said with a sigh, “why aren’t you in bed yet?”
Tony said nothing, and his eyes never wavered from Steve’s own. His hands were still on Steve’s arms. “God, this is so fucking surreal,” the man muttered under his breath, “haven’t seen you in a year, and then suddenly you’re in my damn house being all—all
stupid.
Tony followed his pointed hand, a tiny smile on his face as he watched the Red giant as it slowly fell through the clouds. His lip was cut, so the grin was tinged with a wince, but still. Just as beautiful as Steve remembered.
Well. Hopefully by that point, Tony would be well on his way to escape, so it wouldn’t be a problem. Not for him, at the very least.
He was nervous.
“S’alright, it’s okay sweetheart, it’s done, see, it’s over now, your shoulder’s all set, it’s okay,” Steve soothed rapidly, feeling the sting of tears behind his eyes again. He couldn’t stand watching Tony like this; so hurt and helpless. He kissed Tony’s mouth feather-soft, aware of the boy’s split lip, and Tony nearly fell into him, glad to have something to lean on. Steve managed to keep his face from getting smushed into his shoulder, but only barely. “Thor, we can’t do this on our own,” he said desperately, “he
“Good morning,” the bulky computer that was strapped into the seat said cheerily, an orange circle in the middle of the monitor pulsing with every syllable the AI spoke, “if you wouldn’t mind unhooking the wiring from the dashboard and taking the computer up into Thor’s apartment so I may be reunited with Sir, that would be greatly appreciated.”
Tony was yelling at Steve, because Steve had decided to go out on a fucking SHIELD callout that morning without telling Tony, had walked out of it with a knife sticking out of his fucking thigh and then hadn’t even bothered to tell Tony as much until he’d jostled the man’s leg and heard him gasp in pain that evening.
Tony couldn’t help it; he burst into laughter, looking between Steve’s incredulous expression and Peter’s delighted one. They were probably gonna pay for this tomorrow when Peter was cranky for the whole day, but in that moment, he couldn’t care less. Peter was
but unlucky for me, life doesn’t agree. So sorry I’m not gonna be present this week, but believe me, it’s for the best.”
About an hour later, Tony finally decided to take Steve’s advice and go engage in some human activities such as eating breakfast. He made his way up to the communal floor, hoping that one of the team might have already made something he could pick at. Luckily, his hopes were fulfilled: Sam had dropped by and made pancakes for the whole team, and Thor had been kind enough to hold off from stealing Tony’s portion. The smell alone made his mouth water, and soon he’d sat himself between Clint and Nat as he scoffed down at his pile, comfortable and content.
, Tony wished he could say,
It went like that for a few days.
Steve pulled a face, but squeezed back.
“It’s nice to see you awake, мой дорогой.” Her hand settled at his forehead, feeling his temperature. The smile turned downward. “I’m afraid you’re about to be in for an unpleasant few hours though.”
He paused for a fraction of a second, and then, miraculously, Peter's crying wavered, just a little bit as he opened his eyes and looked up at Steve curiously. Tony's mouth dropped further, and he stared at Steve. The other man looked back up like a rabbit caught in the headlights, before Tony gestured wildly for him to continue with a rapid move of his hand.
They were only like, two years younger than him, but whatever. The sharp decline in the give-a-fuck-O-meter usually happened halfway through Freshman year, so they still had a bit of time left until all that energy disappeared off the face of the earth.
Steve didn’t have time to ask the dozen or so questions that popped into his head. Instead, he just focused on the AI’s words. “Alright. What can I help you with, then?”
Below him, Tony stirred, his senses catching on to the sound of movement in the room. Steve just watched as the boy’s eyes fluttered open, taking Steve in with a blink of surprise. “Steve?” He croaked, “what are y-“
“I know.” Steve nodded once and then tilted his head so that Tony’s fingers slipped over his mouth. He kissed them softly. “And I might get angry at you for stuff that you don’t necessarily mean. I have a lifetime of confrontation with Baseliners under my belt, and bad habits are hard to break. But I’ll try too.”
“You’re an idiot,” Steve leaned forward and swung his legs on the desk, “go have your shower.”
“Mm,” Tony murmured, leaning into Steve’s hold subconsciously until his head rested against the flat of his palm. He let his eyes open again; still hazy and unfocused and bloodshot, but when the moonlight hit them just right, they sang electric blue into the darkness of the room.
Oh. Alright then. Tony looked down at the baby with a small frown and a disappointed little clenching in his heart, fingers brushing gently at the blankets wrapped around him. Honestly, he wasn't even sure if the kid was a boy. He'd just assumed from the blue blanket with rockets on it.
He was grateful for lunch break when it finally came around, because he was absolutely starving, and quickly devoured the panini he’d bought. Sam looked at him judgementally. “And that’s what you get for skipping breakfast, kid.”
“We need to stop that…thingy, from releasing another burst,” Bucky began, pointing his gun over to the main aircraft which was placed at the edge of top deck, “no doubt the other agents are on their way, but the’re being hindered by the shakes it’s giving off.”
The AI remained silent for a moment, before there was a flat, “understood.” Tony nodded to himself, feeling the pain behind his eyes when he tried to remember how to get the repulsors to fire up. Nothing was coming to him… yet. It would. Once he was in the air and he didn’t have a choice, it would.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t place your bets on that, Tony,” he said through a smile, watching Tony speed around the corner and into the streets of New York.
worrying?” Natasha quipped across the table, waving her fork at him and grinning when she turned her gaze on Tony. “You should have seen him earlier. Helen was like, ‘yeah, he’ll be totally fine, he’s just resting right now’, but Steve
629, 630, 631. “I don’t want to,” Tony whispered, fear seeping into his voice.
“Boring, boring, compulsive liar, boring, gives terrible handjobs, underlying racist ideologies, boring, recycles her conversations every time she talks to someone,” Tony pointed a finger at each of the people in the room and then turned back to Natasha, giving her the saddest look he could muster. “The meeting is officially finished Nat, don’t make me stay any longer.”
Bruce asked, looking at him with deep concern, and Steve opened his mouth, but he couldn’t say it. He couldn’t even force the words out into the open, too terrified of the answer they would bring.
electronics free though, I have to go talk to DUM-E and tell him we’re both okay. I think he thinks it’s all his fault. He’ll be hiding in a corner somewhere with his little claw all droopy and I can’t just let him sulk like that, he won’t be happy again until I tell him he’s a good boy-“
He towelled himself off and then wrapped the fabric around his waist, grabbing his toothbrush from the sink and running it under the faucet. His reflection stared at him as he brushed his teeth, and he couldn’t help but curiously run his fingers over the faint lightning-strike pattern that had raised itself up onto his skin, running from his wrist all the way up to his shoulder. The Doctor called them Lichtenberg Figures, and they were usually found on folk who got struck by lightning. Steve figured they’d probably go down soon as his body healed, but until then, he had to admit that they were pretty cool to look at.
“Why?” Tony’s voice was throaty and hoarse, and his mouth was moving before he even thought about saving face and stopping it. “Not like you’d all be missing much if you left.”
“Of course, Sirs.”
“I know it will.”
His phone started ringing in his hands, and he swiped up instinctively when he saw Bucky’s face flashing on the screen. “You literally just sent me a message,” Steve began with, hopping up the stairs and making his way through the parking lot, “now you just look clingy.”
Fury put the phone down softly and sat back, taking a small, calming breath inward. A lot of thoughts went through his head as he sat in that desk chair. Thoughts of the future. Thoughts of his organisation, and the sickening evidence of something nefarious working underneath it. Thoughts of what he was gonna do to that son of a bitch Rumlow when he got his hands on him. Mainly, though, he thought about the Maldives.
Scrabbling to his feet, he sprinted over to his desk and yanked out a drawer, finding a set of wires that he could use before running back and lifting his shirt over his head hastily. “Hold on Steve,” he whispered, thinking about oxygen deprivation and brain damage and everything that could happen in the amount of time that it would take to get Steve’s heart working again. “Just hold on for me, I’ve got you.”
Fury nodded, clearly impressed at how fast Steve had worked it out. “Exactly,” he swept away from the desk, beginning to pace the room, “it’s common knowledge that Stark doesn’t let anyone close these days. We haven’t seen a single guest in his house, he rarely attends public functions any more, and he lives alone in a far-out corner of the West Coast. If we tried to send in an agent, Stark would clock it was us and turn them out at the door without hesitating.”
“I’ve gotta let the ingredients stew for a little,” Tony murmured, angling his face so it became pressed into Steve’s neck instead, hot breath ghosting across bare skin, “how about I show you just how much I love you while we wait?” His hand dropped lower, skimmed the front of Steve’s jeans and okay, yeah, he could definitely accept that offer.
“That’s… probably dangerous,” he commented nervously, wandering forward.
Tony Stark.
Steve nodded. "Ma used to sing it to me when I was sick," he explained, "old Gaelic lullaby. I thought I might as well try it."
“We’re okay,” Tony said with a nod, “I’m fine, you’re fine, we’re both… idiots, but we’re fine.”
The reaction was instant.
Steve pulled a face. “Told me it wasn’t important. That it’d have to wait until he came back.”
Tony cursed, shutting his eyes and running a hand through his hair, “villains choose the one time my suit is a thousand miles below me to attack us all. Great.”
“Oh, so it’s our fault for saving your life, is it?”
“I was protecting you,” he answered, jerking his head, “from that.”
Well. 'least he had the couch to himself whilst they were fighting, he thought as he hopped into the space Peggy had just vacated and made himself comfortable. The Princess Diaries was on TV because they'd known Peggy loved it (nothing to do with his and Bucky's preference. At all. Obviously), so he quickly picked up the discarded tub of icecream from the floor and shoved some into his mouth.
he at kissing?”
Steve’s head jerked as his brain recognised the voice immediately, and he watched as none other than Tony Stark himself marched forward, coming up behind the two guys currently doing their best to fit Steve into the locker. A strong hand curled around the first guy’s shoulders, and then Steve felt a sharp relief of pressure as Tony flung him off Steve and into the opposing wall. The second one backed off in surprise, putting out his hands as a show of peace.
“You lay a finger on him, and I will fucking kill you,” he said simply. “You have my word on that. He's
Very, very important lists
“I’m broken, Steve,” Tony whispered into his neck, even when Steve just shook his head violently, “and not in a way I’m sure can be fixed. You have to… being with you, being around you- it’s selfish, and I’m gonna hurt you, I know I am-“
Tony pulled a face. "Oh, I wonder why?" He picked Peter up and slotted him against his hip, walking over to the two of them, "perhaps because your potential son was screaming the entire night and now I can't close my eyes without getting flashbacks? Maybe that's why."
“Altitude reached,” JARVIS told him, “releasing controls in three, two, one-“
“Some sort of robotic weapon has been seen emerging from the coastline of Santa Barbara. Armed and dangerous, casualties have already been recorded, and military aid has only just been called, but I’m calculating a fifteen minute delay for their arrival. I am sending coordinates now.”
Carol had left, and she was going to find Tony. They just had to hope that it wasn’t too late, and he was still… still alive.
r been able to elicit such a direct reaction out of Steve before, and they’d used to fight on a daily basis.
“I couldn’t give less of a shit how far Stark managed to get his dick up your ass, Rogers, that’s not what this is about,” Fury snapped at him, and Steve’s shoulders tensed automatically, because he wasn’t going to let anyone talk to him like that, Director or not. However, the other man’s next sentence managed to floor him completely and turn all his thoughts away from cussing Fury out in his own office. “New intel’s just come in, Rogers. We think Tony Stark might be the person behind Iron Man.”
Tony nodded easily, his face breaking into a gentle smile. “Sure we can,” he agreed, hand dropping and falling into Steve’s own, “I have a few projects I need to get finished anyway. Come on, Rogers.”
“I’m okay,” she said, voice clipped. “JARVIS, what’s the status on the other LMD?”
Thor looked at him apologetically, but beamed when he caught Steve’s eye. “Oh I know,” he said, “but seeing as everything’s already gone to complete and utter shit, I figured we might as well simply congratulate Steve on a job well done.”
“I have never communicated with other humans except for Howard Stark- so yes, amicability toward those who are not Sir is… new protocol,” JARVIS replied evenly, whilst Steve just frowned and crossed his legs on the desk. He wondered for the millionth time about the man who raised Tony- wondered how much he’d end up hating him on sight. Some people hid their nastiness well; with smooth talk and polite facades, but others didn’t even bother hiding it. He wondered what sort of asshole Howard would be.
“I went on a date yesterday,” John blurted, fiddling with his glasses and then looking around the room. Steve nodded encouragingly at him, and John seemed to take strength from that, because he pushed forward. “First one, after my husband… it was nice. He was called Riley and it was his first date too. He cried while we were served our salad.”
Fury looked like he was chewing glass. He glared at all of them, before just shaking his head. “Then I cannot help you. Believe me when I say that I am aware of Stone’s reputation, but without any evidence, this was simply an unprovoked fight started by Rogers over there.”
But Steve couldn’t just stand by. If he’d gotten this wrong, which he was becoming more and more convinced about as the seconds ticked by, then he needed to make it right before something terrible happened. And at his core, Steve was a man of morals. He knew he needed to make this right. Needed to know, in his heart, that he had done the correct thing.
Steve looked pained, and his fingers tightened around Tony’s. “I don’t want to break up with you,” he said firmly. “We had an argument. I got angry. But I don’t want to break up with you, okay? Absolutely not.” He licked his lips and looked down for a brief moment. “I shouldn’t have left you to stew in it. I shouldn’t have stormed off like that, and I’m sorry.”
,” he whined, pushing up close, “can you shave later?”
"You need to sit down," Steve said, folding his arms. Tony stepped walking and turned around, looking at him in amusement.
He wasn’t sure how long he stayed leaning against the wall before moving, but the fire alarm eventually rocked him out of whatever trance he’d fallen into, and he remembered that the lamb Steve had been making was now burning in the oven. With a curse, Tony stumbled back through the kitchen and yanked it out, cursing when the hot dish brushed his skin. It was charred and shitty. Not that Tony really cared.
He felt like he was there, all over again. The scene just flashed and reflashed
“Fuck, Steve, what the fuck happened to you? You weren’t answering your phone, you’ve been gone nearly an hour! We thought you’d been fucking kidnapped!”
His momentum carried him all the way over to a mere three feet away from Tony’s door, before he finally had a vaguely coherent thought and realized with a lurch that maybe, just maybe, visiting Tony after hours when none of the team were around and Tony was still severely injured might not be the best idea. His shoes slid to an uncomfortable-sounding halt against the linoleum and he froze where he stood, hand half-outstretched for the door handle.
“What the hell,” Steve blurted, looking down at the man’s exposed feet, “why aren’t you wearing shoes? It’s freezing!”
There was paint everywhere; fingerprint marks across his suit jacket, streaks marking the crisp white shirt and a few different shades of blue in his neatly styled hair, but Tony didn’t care. How the fuck could he care, when Steve was right there, covered in colour and sucking in shaking breaths and he hefted Tony up and pressed him against the wall, strong and beautiful and
Steve glared at him. “I’ve been getting into fights with fuckers like you long before I met Tony,” he said, raising his fists as Ty snarled, “you’re nothing special, Stone- no matter what you might think, all you are is another entitled asshole. And Tony is fucking
Steve leaped to his feet, frown heavy on his face, but before he could even run out of the room Bucky pushed open the door and joined them instead.
Rubbing his eyes and smiling, he plodded back up the stairs and headed into his room, head falling immediately into the pillow once he was back inside. On the other side of the hall, Sam made a questioning groaning sound, which Steve responded to with a jumbled series of words that didn’t make sense to anyone. Sam seemed to take it, though, because he made an agreeing sound and then started snoring a few seconds later.
Tony waited for the answer, for the shouting. For the look on captain America that would made him feel even more like a useless weak man. Steve kept silent.
"Pepper. I'll go to a meeting, I promise, but just let me a week. I'll go, I swear."
He brushed his hands on his eyes, half trying to clear his mind, half trying to hide his shame.
Talking was so hard, why was talking so hard?
" Sorry, I shouldn't have tell you that, forget it " he tried to shrug it off " it's old and not really interesting. "
He was definitely cursed.
"I am, Steve. And worse. So is Iron Man, Steve. Because, it's me. All those years it's been me."
"Just, let me finish. So, I'm back at the dorms, another party rolls around, and now I know how to not end up in the hospital. Every weekend, there's something. Someone's birthday, a day off, celebrating the end of the semester… And then winter break during my last year, they tell me…" he swallowed against the lump in his throat, and met Steve's encouraging eyes. "They tell me my parents had an accident, and they need me to identify the corpses. I show up, drunk off my ass, I couldn't even tell you what happened or the face of the cop. I drink for a week straight, until the funerals. I show up late, a bottle of whiskey in hand, everyone tell me what a good man my father was, how sorry they are. Obie tells me that I can drink today, apparently, it's socially allowed. Rhodey drives me to the hospital at 4 in the afternoon."
But Steve was kissing him back, hands running along his back. Tony trailed kisses along his cheek and jaw, until his nose was burried in the crook of Steve's neck.
"I don't know. He thought it was a girl thong and he didn't think girls were as good as boys," (despite the hundreds of times Peggy proved him wrong.) "or something like that."
"Should we talk about last night ?" he breathed in his neck.
"Friday, like in 'I have 3 days to finish this'?"
"Between that he wanted to be a ballet dancer, an astronaut and a doctor. Now he does ballet on Thursdays."
(He would later tell himself that wouldn't have gone raiding the cafeteria for beer and wine if Steve hadn't woken up.)
"Are you mad at Pa ?"
"Peter, I think we should talk."
Steve shrugged and laughed, and for a moment Tony felt like the last three years didn't happen. Tony got up and brought Peter's bowl and his cup in the sink. He started rincing them and doing the few dishes that layed there from, he guessed knowing Steve, the night before. Steve came up behind him, put his cup and his plate in the sink. Tony could feel his breath on his neck, a shiver ran through his back.
With difficulty, Tony moved his legs to close the leather jacket and once he made sure the arc reactor couldn't be seen he turned to thank the soldier. He was now wearing a blue shirt on top of a white tee.
"You. Me. How we ended up in there."
His breathing accelerated, his heart too.
Peter nodded and his dad put a small kiss on the crown of his head.
A red head entered his office.
Steve's voice was a whisper, shaky and unsure. It felt like he was trying to convince himself more than Tony.
He downs the rest of the bottle, with unfortunately only two glass left in it. He knows it won't be enough to knock him out. So he searches. Steve doesn't drink wine when he's alone, it doesn't affect him, anyway. Tony's hopes to find anything interesting in the small kitchen fade with every cupboard he opens. He finally finds something under the sink, behind the olive oil and the vinegar, an old bottle of rum. The bottle has dust on it, and Tony guesses Steve only uses it for the crêpes and deserts.
"You can't do this to Peter... to me."
"Yeah sorry, I'm fine." He sniffed and wiped again and said "Sorry" again. The tears didn't seem to stop.
"Good."
Steve was sound asleep on the sofa, all the cushions on the ground. He walked to the fridge and hoped to find something. He wasn't  sure what he wanted, he wasn't even hungry. When he didn't find anything appealing in the fridge, he poured himself a glass of water. Before he realized what he was doing, he was sitting down on the ground next to the sofa, legs drown to his chest. He listened to Steve's slow and even breathing. The whole house was dead silent, to the exeption of the low buzzing of the fridge. It was strange, eery even.
"Hey! You two, calm down."
He didn't know what they were fighting about. They'd thrown  insults and criticisms at each other for half an hour before one door had slammed shut and the house had fallen silent. Peter knew he wasn't meant to hear, because they'd started whispering at each other, and they weren't full on screaming either at end.
He grabbed Peter and lifted him on his lap. He pushed the curls aside. What he did to get such a good kid, he didn't know. He didn't know either how he didn't fuck it up yet. He took a deep breath, putting his thoughts in order, and trying to ignore his wet cheeks.
"Is everything alright?"
"Let's get you back to bed, okay?"
Steve is next to him, on the opposite chair now. (how does he move so fast?) He approaches his fingers until they're almost touching the glass, and when Tony doesn't react he takes the glass and the bottle away.
The air was cold, colder than it usually was at this time of the year. The glass of water was heavy in his hand, his fingertips were getting numb and white. He wanted a drink, but there was no alcohol to be found in the apartment, nor in the whole tower to the exception of the cafeteria. It was far from his balcony, but it would warm him up and help him go back to sleep and - Stop being an idiot,Stark. He wasn't going to throw away two months of soberty for a bad dream. He still had trembling hands and headhaches, but the worst of the withdrawals had been the first week and he didn't intend to go through that again.
"Why did he think that?"
Steve nodded and smiled.
He jumped in the car the closest to the garage door and sped through the city, following Friday's indications.
"Iron Man. Is not. Coming."
His voice is thick with sleep and on the verge of panic. He must have woken up from a nightmare, Tony thinks. Steve immediately appears in the doorframe, hair tousled and t-shirt crumpled. His face goes from anxious to relieved to completely blank in a matter of seconds. It's only then, when Steve's eyes fix the almost empty bottle in the kitchen that it occurs to Tony that it can't be a good look.
Maybe it was a bit too solanel, but it felt necessary. A soft smile appeared on his face.
"Yeah."
" 'thought I was going to die. Didn't want you to find out like that, on a dead body."
"Ned. Can you walk? You feel sick?"
Peter nodded.
When he stumbled in the street he half expected all his exhaustion to vanish, but life sucked. Tony was old now, and two sleepless nights of working and preparing for this afternoon's meeting had taken their toll on the man. He begrudgingly started to where he was parked. He fished his car keys and turned the corner. The two hours he spent stuck in traffic let him replay the disastrous meeting in his head over and over again, and wasn't that what he just needed.
Everything is fine. Steve and him are good. SI is doing well. No alien has tried to invade earth in 73 days. The last update to JARVIS's security systems worked wonders.
"Hey," Tony said as he lied down beside his husband.
He doesn't even know what he's upset about.
"Uh, yeah, once and- and he's sleeping I think, we're in the room-" he cut himself and shouted something about the bathroom before comming back to the phone. "The, uh, parent's room, I think. Or guest, I don't know."
"Mmh."
"He's nailing it, you know? He's clever."
Peter nodded against his father's neck.
"But I never saw you drink anything."
Peter's mouth twisted when he understood who Tony was talking to, and started to violently shake his head and whispering pleads to his dad, hands coming together like if he was praying. Tony pointed his thumb at the back of the car, and with one sharp flick of his wrist, Peter was dragging himself to the other side of the car and slammed the door shut behind him.
There was way too much hope in the boy's voice not to make Tony wanting to cry.
"Fuck."
Friday told him that it was 6 am and that he should get prepared for the meeting he will attend to 2 hours later. It was the second day in a row that he hadn't slept. The great Tony Stark wasn't used to stay up that long anymore.
"I can't remove it," he lied. He didn't know if he could take it off, he never tried. "It doesn't have to mean anything."
"And he called. The minute things turned bad, he called you. You should be happy that your son trusts you the way he does."
He tried to make his voice as calm and reassuring he possibly could, failing miserably.
"Shit"
His phone vibrates and he has a spark of hope that it's a call for the avengers. At least it'll give him something to do. He unlocks the phone with his thumb and deflates when he sees the notification for a work email. He reads it anyway, might as well be useful than lie there watching Steve sleep. (It's not creepy, he's just very bored and Steve is ten times more interesting to look at than the ceiling.) He types a detailed answer to the intern, telling to go to bed while he's at it. His phone tells him only 2 minutes passed and he gives up. He's not gonna spend another night like this. He gets up, and goes to the kitchen making as little sound as humanly possible. He opens the fridge and gets the rest of the dinner's wine.
"I've known you for twenty years, I can tell when you've been up for 3 days."
"You were under the water for 8 minutes before Thor could get you out. You could have-" He stopped himself then, a hand coming up to his mouth.
He collapsed on the chair. Tears started rolling along his cheeks.
"Have you been... How have you been dealing with them ?"
"What are they talking about?"
"How do you know? He's your body guard."
"No, a kid dropped his beer on me. By the way, I'll steal one of your shirt to go home," he added as he walked away from his husba- ex-husband. God he was tired.
The colonel turned back to Tony
"Been sober for 16 years. Almost 17."
"What, you wanted to keep the shouting match going ?"
Steve had a very puzzled expression.
"No," he lied.
He twisted his hands together, guilt and shame burning in his stomach.
The AI's voice was distant behind the panic in Tony's chest. His vision blurred, he heard voices and languages that he hadn't heard since… since… they were going to drown him, or electrocute him before the sharpnel got to his heart. The car battery next to him sparkled, and something pulled him out of the water.
"Better."
Failed relationship and divorce, treason and disbelief, distrust and disillusions. Love somewhere in between. A hand squeezed Tony's. He didn't return the gesture. He wanted to go back to sleep, into coma maybe, that would be great. No one to ask you anything. No one to expect explanations and apologies from you.
"This is all my fault."
"Call Mrs. Leeds,"he instructed to Peter.
He heard a soft knock, then a click, and the air being moved by a door.
He was sure the voice was usually less angry. Less sad, maybe. Maybe.
"He blames himself for... You being here."
He found Peter in the second room, sat next to the bed where Ned had crashed on top of way too many coats. Peter was clenching an empty glass and chewing on his sleeve when he saw Tony.
When he tried to stand up, he realized he didn't feel his legs either. The soldier grabbed him before he could hit the floor.
Great. Tony shrugged.
"That went well."
The grip loosened, Steve's arms fell to his sides, his head bumped Tony's.
Tony was struggling to think and didn't want to talk to the most important being in his life while inebriated.
"I'm tired. I'm cold, and I need tea. With honey in it."
Today was one.
"Yeah I heard. He should know that's stupid. After all those years."
"What?"
At the end of the conversation, Tony had said that he had a ton of work anyway so Steve could stay in the house with Peter and he'll use the penthouse like he used to. Tony had ended up sleeping in the workshop, unable to bare the memory of their first nights in the appartement. Not that he had slept a lot anyway.
"I know him."
"We should get some rest."
"I'm sorry I..."
"Hey you're alright, man. Calm down".
"No no no, don't Tony me." He shoved Steve's hand away. "You're supposed to be responsible, you're going to college next year, is that how it's gonna be? You're aspirering to be the drunkard who drops out in his first semester?"
" hey hey its okay. Breathe. "
Peter looked at the giant beer stain on Tony's shirt, his mouth forming an 'o' and then at his feet and nodded. Tony crouched down next to Ned and shook his shoulder until he opened his eyes.
"You don't think it's a bad idea?"
"Iron Man is gonna find us."
He felt James turn to glare at his husband.
He nods again. That does sound good, or at least better than before. Steve stands up, cold takes over Tony's side and he shivers at the loss. It doesn't last long, Steve pulls him gently on his feet and puts a supportive hand on his back. The room sways, Tony probably does too, but Steve leads them both back to the bedroom. He lowers Tony on the bed and plants a kiss on his cheek. A moment latter he is under the covers too, a gentle hand on his shoulder. Tony uses his last moments of consciousness to wriggle closer to Steve, and lets sleep take him in, safe in Steve's arms.
"Self-sacrifice, most of the time. Bravery."
"I don't know if... Why... May be better... If..."
Steve kept silent for a moment before saying : "I was in the train," his voice barely above a whisper,"and you fell."
"How are you feeling?"
"We found your cabinet."
The soldier nodded and came closer. Tony circled him as his boyfriend made himself smaller and smaller in his arms, head resting on his shoulder.
"I'm sorry Rhodey."
He didn't know what it was about. He heard "reckless" and "rightous" and some words he shouldn't say because they were mean and ugly words, as his teacher would say.
"You're aspirering to be the drunkard who drops out in his first semester?" he quoted."Projecting a bit? I know it's a sensible subject but Peter is not you. He has a support system, friends, we're not gonna drop him in the wild and watch as things go to shit."
Tony's heart skipped a beat. Peter should be asleep in his bed at his father's place.
"And from now on, you tell us where you are. I'm not gonna forbid you to go anywhere, I'm not delisunal enough to think I could if I wanted," that made Peter's lips tugged upwards and Tony counted it as a win."But I want to know. And if you don't respect that i have the means to track you down so don't try me."
The next time he woke up, his head hurt, his stomach was wrecked, or so it felt. Tony was exhausted, and had no idea why. There wasn't voices anymore, only silence.
Now Peter was just confused, and worried, but most importantly confused.
"Yeah ?"
"How about we let the grown-ups taking care of this mess and we go home early, for once?"
Maybe it could be something. Tony wasn't sure what, but something good, he was certain.
"You still wear it."
"Is he gonna be alright?"
"9:30."
"Did I?"
"Go to bed, we'll talk tomorrow." Tony opened his mouth to protest but Steve cut him."Everybody's tired, and no one's thinking straight." He pointedly looked at Tony. "Go to bed. You can take my room."
"Of course she did."
"I know a certain Mr. Fury that would disagree."
"Yes but-"
"Make a press conference when you're discharged."
Steve hugged him tighly.
"I'll have the paperwork delivered at the house. I gotta go, bye."
"Thank you. Hey you had your results for the science test last week?"
"Didn't he want to be a comic artist?"
On the third ring, Steve picked up.
He drove away, purposefully ignoring Peter's glares in the mirror. In a few minutes they arrived at Steve's house. The man was waiting for them at the door, apparently unbothered by the ice cold air in just sweatpants and a t-shirt that wa s a size or two too small, and now was not the time to think about Steve's too tight shirt. Tony parked roughly and got out of the car, still fuming despite his best efforts to calm himself. He opened Ned's door and helped the kid to his feet, visibly swaying and unhappy to not be sleeping. He nodded to Steve as he passed the door.
It still feels like a half truth. He had trouble sleeping all his life, but usually it was his fault. He was the one staying up, eyes glued to screens and schematics. He was the one to go the clubs and parties. He was the one to avoid his bedroom for days for fear of nasty nightmares.
The glare Steve sent him made him give in and he let the captain lead him to the ambulance.
Peter nodded like he knew what his father meant. Sleep was catching up with him and he let his head fall on his dad's shoulder. A hand came rubbing his back and playing with the hair on his neck.
His voice was barely a whisper but Tony could hear the teasing anyway.
Even though he hadn't had a drink in 6 years, he was now halfway through his second bottle and still didn't feel that comforting haze that the booze used to give him. It had only made his anger grow.
"So you're still living with us?"
"Don't worry, the suit will be like brand new by lunch."
Not husband.
He slipped inside their bedroom, Steve already in bed, back to the door. He wasn't sleeping, Tony could tell, his breathing was too regular and controlled.
"It was reckless and dangerous! We talked about it, you can't do this !"
"There."
"Have you seen Peter? He's grown since you last saw him. He wants to be a scientist now."
Steve raised his arm in an invitation, and Tony just stared, not quite sure what was happening. Steve hadn't even open his eyes, but he waited.
The volume was rising. Tony lied still.
Tony jumped, not expecting anyone to walk on him like this, especially not his son. He tried to wipe the tears away, but they didn't stop.
"I'm proud of you, champ! I -"
After 40 minutes through the empty streets and many road infractions he found the right street, and quickly spotted the house full of drunk teens and too loud music. He realized how cold it was when the wind wipped through his thin shirt.
She patted his hand and left without a word.
However, the odds were more in favor of him dying there. Tony had known for a long time that he wouldn't die peacefully in his sleep when old. He expected to die on the battlefield, or killed violently in a dark alley. Not frozen to death. He had never thought of frozen to death.
Silence.
It felt like everything was falling apart. Like one wrong move would send his somewhat normal life into oblivion (stop being dramatic, Stark, come on. Stark men don't cry, right?). He couldn't tell how long he stayed like this, trying to contain tears and shivers that didn't care about what he wanted. He couldn't have Steve see him like this, could he?
Even the booze had abondonned him.
Steve stopped on his track. "No."
"Umh yes sorry. I wanted to call you a bit later. But guess let's do this now."
"Yeah?"
The blurry world around him faded into darkness once again.
"So I get the 'like shit' and she gets the 'better' ? I feel betrayed, man."
"I wouldn't like to be Ned right now."
"We need to talk about this, Tones."
Tony snorted on his coffee despite his best efforts to keep his poker face on.
He stood and the whole room started to spin. His stomach followed. Tony fell. He heard himself throw up. Everything went black.
"She's right," he nodded."But being scared for someone else makes me a bit reckless, and i gave Steve quite a scare." His fingers stroked Peter's cheek. "I'm sorry you heard that."
"You wanna talk about it ?"
"Come here," he said before pulling Peter on his lap.
He didn't have the strength to panic. He closed his eyes. He didn't have the strength to keep them opened. He heard a crash, footsteps. Someone talked to him, he didn't understand what they were saying, or who it was. Several people got him up. He couldn't walk, all his body was numb. Someone carried him. Everything was a blurr. He didn't loose consciousness, not really. He pushed back everyone trying to examine him. He was buried under layers of covers in the ambulance, next to Steve, who hadn't woken up yet. Tony hadn't lost any fingers, in the end. He could feel them again.
He guided the kids out if the room and then downstairs. The music was awfully loud and Tony wasn't sure if he was reacting like an old man or if it was justified. In his day it wasn't like that, and the music was actually good. He cringed inside when he realized Howard had had the same reaction to his fourteenth birthday, the last he celebrated at home.
Tony nods against Steve's shoulder. He isn't sure what he is nodding to.
"Come here."
"Don't," he snapped. So much for composure.
"James, If I had known that he would relapse, I -"
"They're mad?"
" Listen, I didn't want to be the one to break it to you but Howard was an asshole. "
"Steve I'm sorry, I should have..."
"Get away from my bed now."
"Tony."
The mechanic turned to hide his face. It was so embarrassing. He knew Steve could never hurt him. He felt the soldier shift inconfortably.
Steve pushed Tony towards his bedroom door, and took a blanket from the closet before disappearing in the living room.
" Did I ever " he started " make you feel... Threatened by me? "
His own voice and his frustration were raising. Sure, he hadn't exactly thought before smashing in the alien, but however he looked at the situation, there wasn't a lot of different outcomes. Steve got hurt, or he did, and there wasn't one universe where he would let Steve get hurt.
" I..." Tony saw his head turn to face him, eyes full of hope.
"Tony?"
"It's Ned- He's-He drank a lot and- and-"
He kept his eyes closed. He didn't want to deal with anything, or anyone. He heard steps getting closer, going to his left.
Tony exhaled a shaky breath, clutching on the sponge and the cup to ground himself.
"Don't do anything stupid."
"No we don't."
Tony sighted. Steve had no right to be so adorable at his age.
"I didn't plan on getting dumped for a 30-years-old brunette."
He was craving for a bottle of scotch.
"He won't believe it. You sure you're gonna be okay?"
Steve munched on his toast, with all the normalcy in the world, as if the hours of arguments and screaming hadn't happened between them. As if there wasn't divorce papers burried in one of the drawers of Tony's desk.
"Get yourself together, Tony. For Peter."
It wasn't a concious decision, not really. He saw the giant alien move behind Steve and the armor was diving in before he really thought about it. Tony collided with the alien's armor at a speed he didn't want to think about, shoulder first in the thing's flank. He saw a flash of Steve's face before they crashed into the bridge's fence.
