"I know very well," Steve hummed and leaned down to tug on Tony's bottom lip gently between his teeth. He had burst into laughter when Aria had seen Tony naked for the first time. She'd walked in with her usual coffee and seen a butt-naked Tony inches in front of her just as she walked into the kitchen.
Steve smiled to himself and wondered just how much Malick had spent on the tickets.
Steve said nothing. He felt...empty.
They were getting farther.  Or maybe closer.
"His old Alpha simply wanted a change of pace.  This one's not a trouble-maker," Chantelle assured him.
Tony slept with women who were women.  Piper may have been nearly eighteen but she still would have probably gotten carded trying to get into a rated R movie.
"But that's a problem. You can't facilitate change from just a small, insular group. Without some beta and Alpha support I'm never going to get anywhere." It was depressing to say it but it was also very true. Steve sighed. "I need to find a way to make everyone understand, you know?"
Tony turned but a dozen hands grabbed him and sucked him into the crowd.   He didn't had time to even make a peep of explanation. A moment later, the same mob mentality that Tony had been scared of indoors was being turned on him outdoors, and in the blink of an eye, he was getting yelled at, slapping, punched, having his hair and boxers torn at, getting things thrown at him and getting the occasional whack from a sign with a cheerful slogan like "Only weak Alphas oppress omegas!"
StarkTech.  Waterproof," said Tony, smugly.
.  Since when had Tony ever felt this way with anyone?  Pepper, maybe, but they had known each other, what, a decade, more than--
"Ah, the ol' security versus liberties debate," said Tony, crossing the room and rooting around in the fridge.  He pulled out a carton of orange juice and began drinking from it.
"Jessica Jones?" called the bailiff, poking his nose out of the courtroom.
If anyone had ever told him he would be pair-bonded only a few years ago, Tony would have laughed.  He had never considered either bonding or marriage for him. And if anyone had told him that the mate he would end up with was a male omega, not a beta female, he would have thought they were nuts.  And if anyone had ever told him he would kneel and ask a male omega to wear his ring, he'd tell them to get their brain checked.
"Yes, but..." Judy pulled a face. "It won't be quick. It'll take a couple of hours."
"...one time, when I was three, I read in this science book that an egg was so strong that you couldn't break it on the axis.  So I took an egg into Dad's workshop and put it in a vice... turns out you can totally break an egg in a vice. I guess they meant you can't crack it by hand."
Despite the spartan, minimalist design of most of the house, when it came to his shop, Tony was and always had been an absolute pack rat.
"Naw," said Tony.  "But I did know about the Wakandan thing.  They're into panthers, right? Seems fitting."  He turned to Steve. "Cartier's symbol is a panther."  He turned back to Lydia. "Just so you know, we're not buying anything until the end of the week.  We have five other potential sellers."
"No more juice," said Pepper firmly.
There was a soft tap at the door and Tiberius walked in.  "Your paper and a pencil," he offered to Steve. "Is Tony awake?"
"What if the Winter Soldier is like, one of his kids?  And that's why you think the smell is familiar?"
He actually hesitated.  But years of following orders weren't easy to shake off.  He was scared of what they would do to him for asking questions and not completing either of his two objectives.  But he'd earned whatever punishment they could dole out.  He rose and walked over to them, footsteps silent in the sand.  Beside him, Pearl followed; she growled when they got close.
"Okay. Got get em!" the coordinator told him with a wink, and then Aria pushed him out towards the stage.
? Steve didn't remember being granted leave...
who we think might have been passed off to a camp in Texas called Boulder Valley Ranch.  Anyway, they acquired a couple of omegas in 2002, most likely from the Institute. One of them, Bullseye, matched Barton's description and was later sent to northern Alabama, to a camp called Zephyr Hill, in 2007.  Apparently he was a trouble-maker. But if he's still alive, he's at Zephyr Hill and has been for the last three years."
"Sam, we're headed out, take to the sky.  You don't want to be anywhere near him right now," said Natasha into the comm.
stupid!" barked Donner suddenly.  "I-- I'm not stupid, I know I'm not, and I am so having a baby.  And-- and you can't--"
.  We won't be leaving the premises, we're just going to my other residence, we'll just change houses... come on, there's not even a Christmas tree here, there's no snow or anything.  Pierce wouldn't want to ruin our first Christmas together, would he?"
Steve was tempted to move to stand up but he didn't.  He needed to keep his ankle rested for when he was finally ready to make his move.
"Ugh.  You are the worst!"  Tony hung up.
"--the fire I've been trying to put out, Rhodes has one of your suits, Happy went over to your home and the place looks like--"
"Forced, arranged, what's the difference?"
Tony grinned at him.  "Well, there was a redhead.  No, wait.  ...two redheads," said Tony, struggling to remember while Jarvis made his coffee.  "And you were a ghost! ...no, wait... you were.... I don't remember, you were there, though.  Where's Mom?"
Steve's sad little half-heats had been difficult to resist; this heat, this full-blown smell of heat and lust and desire, was maddening.  Bucky supposed this was partial payback, Steve teasing him like this, because of all the times Bucky had denied him. He felt awful about it.  But now... now they could fix it. He was feeling extremely confident of that.
Tony still didn't move. Steve sighed fondly and reached up, dragging the sheet down lower. "What will it take to persuade you?" He asked, voice a touch softer than it was before.
, Tony's cramped all-caps (
"Sure, name him Kris Kringle, if he's an O," said Tony sarcastically.  "...it's only May, Donnie, just chill.  You've got nine months to name your little pinto bean."  He threw back another drink.
"A kid asking to go to the doctor.  Now I've heard everything," said Clint, rolling his eyes.  "Cooper. Eat."
Tony nodded hesitantly.  "Okay.  Well.... then tomorrow, let's make some headlines."  He smiled sleepily up at Steve.  He felt nervous, but excited.  He felt the way he did back in the old days, when he designed a new missile and went to see see its first field test.  That anticipation, waiting to see it level its first mountain...
Tony's eyes snapped up.
I've ever seen," said Louis calmly, as Gleason drew up a second syringe for Steve, "but I won't say it's the best, either."
Then Steve glanced up at Tony, as if he was now only realising that they were alone. He swallowed. Would this be awkward? He certainly hoped not.
"They walked out on their own. All I did was talk to them."
"Sorry.  I have a delivery for Captain Rogers?" she said, holding up two orchids in one arm and a vase of white tulips in the other.
"They said.  Thanks, Sam--"
"No.  No, Steve, no buts.  He needs time.  Let him work this out."
Steve took Tony's hand and stood. Although he frowned when he showed him the bruise. "Jesus Tony," he muttered and kissed his forehead. "You're still limping from the last fight. Don't start another one with yourself," he sighed and followed Tony down to the workshop, thinking he'd probably doodle some more whilst Tony worked. He liked drawing his Alpha and the way his brow knotted when he worked, he found.
In February, IUPAC formally refused to admit "badassium" to the periodic table of elements, forcing Tony to go with his second choice, edwinium.  Because they were still not allowed to leave the country, Tony gave his speech from New York, where Stark Industries was building a new tower that was to run solely on renewable energy sourced from an arc reactor powered by edwinium.  He and Steve toured it together as the finishing touches were being applied, navigating around contractor hardhats, toolboxes, drywall, and other such things.
"Ducky, look at him.  Oh my God.  What happened to you?  Ducky, we have to help him."
Tony's teeth clenched.  Steve's hand on his arm sent an electrical jolt up his nerves; he yanked back.  "I'm fine," he snapped.  He didn't want Steve, of all people, to see him as weak.  Ironically, Steve's stabilizing hand had made his knees even weaker.  The effects Steve was having on Tony were disturbing.  Deeply disturbing.
"Why don't you like fun?" asked Tony, who was finally feeling the effects of the alcohol.
"I didn't!  I even said that to her!
Steve found he couldn't bear to watch. He turned back and walked down into the bedroom, and shut the door behind him.
sorry, he's a ball of nerves right now..."
Tony listened to Steve's words wash over him, a soothing balm, while he fought with the cap of the liquor bottle. It took him a moment to realize Steve wasn't talking anymore.  Tony fought to go back, struggled to remember what Steve had said to respond to it.  "I know what it's like," he said finally.  A confused pause.  Tony realized Steve might think he meant heats.  "Drowning in icy water," he clarified.  Tony had never told anyone about that.  Not in detail.  No one needed to know what those three months had been like.  Ninety-six days to build the very first suit.  Ninety-six days of hunger, sleep deprivation, rape, torture.  By the time Tony had left the cave, he'd been fearless.  Death had seemed like a preferable option to remaining there.  That had been two years ago.  Tony still sometimes had nightmares.
, Steve!  It's a HYDRA base, not a Baskin-Robbins!  ...this sounds like a stupid revenge mission to me.  They attacked you, now you want to attack them. How do we know it's not a trap, huh?  How do we know they're not just luring you into their gingerbread house?"
Tony examined a display case critically.  He wished Pepper were here. Pepper had impeccable taste and she was great at accessing things like art and jewelry and those types of luxury items.  Tony relied heavily on her whenever he bought those types of things. He didn't think he'd ever purchased a watch unattended.
"So they're going to take lots of pictures of us?" Steve asked in a murmur, rinsing out the last of the soap. He was surprised at how unbothered he was by the thought of having his picture taken. Steve just wanted to be there with Tony... the rest didn't matter.
Steve woke up hyperventilating with hands on him, hands goddamn everywhere. Before he knew what he was doing he'd ripped the wires away and had fallen off of the chair onto the floor, the doctors stumbling back.
"I thought you worked at Culver College," said Aria suspiciously.
Steve's gaze dragged over the Alpha. "Please?"
"Because these people are bad people," Steve said.
what it felt like to have something push against raised dander, to push the sensitive hairs into the back of his your neck like little needles.
"What about Gideon?" asked Donner softly.
"No," said Tony, finally focusing on her, looking royally impatient.  "I want
Following Steve would be easy, no problem at all.
Pepper sighed.  "Seventy-two times eight hundred and five."
"They don't really like that term.  They prefer
Only one other person had survived the raid.  Tony's driver had been shot, along with the man in the front seat beside her.  The escort that had ironically thrown up a peace sign: also dead, shot trying to defend him.  But there had been a fourth person there, in Tony's escort.  That stupid kid, the one who barely looked old enough to be in the army, the one who had asked Tony for an autograph before the presentation that Tony had denied him.
Tony grabbed a new martini on his way after Steve and company.  Fortunately, Steve kept getting stopped by admiring fans, so he was easy to catch up to.  By the time he'd made it up to Steve, Tectonic ("Seriously, man, just call me Trey.") and Danielle from Status Alliance and Tracy and Alexis were all plotting together to get Steve good and drunk.
Downstairs, Tony was dutifully nursing his whiskey.  Pepper watched him.  When Tony didn't say anything Pepper finally broke the tension. "How...how do you feel about it?" she asked quietly. "How does Steve feel about it?"
"Is it the cube?  It's the cube, isn't it?" said Steve in alarm, sitting bolt upright.
"You should have asked her out, then. You had twelve years."
for it."
The restaurant they went to on their anniversary was easily one of the fanciest Steve had ever been to. Even the
"I think it was me that found you," Steve pointed out softly, a dopey kind of smile on his features that came from a combination of both love and sleepiness. When Steve wasn't in his heat it was easy to pretend everything was perfect. Aside from Tony's drinking, there was nothing else that really bothered him. Life was good, better than he ever thought it could be.  The world wasn't perfect, yet, and he couldn't yet say he'd won the war.  But he was still on his feet and fighting... and that counted for something.
"Come
up," said Tony, putting his arms around Steve's neck.
"Special ops.  I fly."
of course, being Tony.
an omega.  Tony hated feeling out of control and he knew all too well how stupid Alphas got around omegas.  He didn't want the commitment, didn't want the responsibility.  Having watched that brief encounter between his father and Jarvis on the film reel, he remembered now how Jarvis had acted after his father's death.
And he was with HYDRA, and they could control him... so how could Steve possibly help him, now he was out of SHIELD, not allowed to perform any field work?
That voice... Steve had heard it on the radio... he had heard it in '43...
don't they have PSAs about that?"
Steve sighed. "Look, I don't care. Which recent trauma are we even talking about? The scar on my neck, or putting him in a freezer?"  He couldn't bring himself to say Bucky's name.
Tony turned.  Two girls were grinning at him.
"...my sheets," he managed.  Considering he'd just spat out Steve's semen all over them and also creamed all over Steve's leg, he doubted there was any saving them.
someone.  Not actively.  Not for any emotional reason.
"I want a collar!" demanded Clint suddenly.
"I didn't even remember that until you mentioned it just now," Steve assured him and leaned into Tony's side, their shoulders pressed together. It felt like they were on the outside, looking in, the crowd of Alphas chatting away and entirely oblivious to them. "Even if you can't fire him, at least you ruined his dumb weekend," he pointed out.
When Steve returned to the bedroom with a cup in hand Tony hadn't moved from his spot. He swallowed, something tugging in his gut. "Hey," he held out the cup. "Why don't I show you what I drew?"
Donner because he looked like
Steve sat up.  Oh shit!  Shit, he had an interview!
"Yep... yep, that's what that feels like..." agreed Tony, spitting, trying to get the salty bitterness off his tongue.  He felt slightly queasy (a good part of that was probably a lot of drinking on an empty stomach) and he was trying not to throw up because he had an idea that puking immediately after sucking Steve off would ruin the memory for Steve.
doing?"
"Sure thing."  She winked at Tony before leaving.
"I'm going to give a very shortened version of events but Steve assured me you're clever so I know you can keep up.  Steve just told Tony he used to be bonded in the forties and Tony hasn't taken the news well. As Steve's friend I'd like to defend him by saying that he thought his old mate was dead and that the super serum got rid of his bond altogether, and that, to him, his bond with Tony feels completely legitimate. But, for obvious reasons, Tony isn't dealing well.  He's a low-dominance Alpha and it's understandably difficult for him to not feel threatened.  Also, there's also a small chance Steve's old mate is still alive and possibly being held prisoner by a dangerous para-military organization bent on world domination."
There was a pause on the phone while Natasha considered this.  "...why do you care who she dates?" asked Natasha finally.
"The neutron bombardment of the palladium core will create a toxic discharge."
"I'm fine--"
Security were all betas. Malick turned around to yell at one who had emerged from a door way. "Well, do something!"
"Why didn't you tell me? You told me things were better now! You could have mentioned
"Мало омега должно быть проучить," Vanko seethed, voice tinny through the suit.
"Maybe," Steve sighed as he examined the tickets. "Maybe in like a week. But not right now. I'm fed up of being in front of cameras already."
"And I don't want you to do anything to Tony. I especially don't want you to hurt him," Steve said, voice getting a little thick. His brow furrowed. He saw a sign for a parking garage and headed towards it. They could maybe rent a car there. Or maybe it would be better to steal one? Steve didn't like stealing, but in terms of avoiding detection, not leaving a trail, it was probably better.
"Uh, Steve, remember how Judy said not to engage?" said Tony weakly.
Steve found him under the bed. He didn't say anything and just crawled underneath him. It was awkward and cold but he curled his arms around him. Tony was shaking.
The reactor was already in his hand; he half-crushed it as Vanko shoved him off, even though it was already too late.
"What happened to the program?"
Steve reached out to squeeze Tony's hand softly, reassuringly.
"омега?" it called.  The man he had been speaking to did not answer.  He was once again alone.
"Yeah, I guess so," he answered Steve.  He popped out his arc reactor, letting it trail from his chest from its wires (it sank in the water), and set the neck of the bottle against the rim of the hollow metal cylinder in his hand.  He gave the top a practiced whack, and the top came off with a hiss from the bottle; Tony quickly sipped off the foam.
"...Pepper's amazing," agreed Tony.  "...but I'm not bonded to Pepper." He didn't move.
The three of them exchanged confused, fearful glances.  "Please, sir, we have to finish making break--"
, but after seeing what that spot did, he didn't want to just help himself.  But now that they were in private he desperately wanted to explore. Every time he glanced into the hospitality suite, he'd seen a crowd of young, attractive omegas in collars, and he was, after all, only human.  Of course it turned him on.
"DeSoto's really nice, once to get to know him.  His Alpha just likes a bit of sport, that's all."
Wait a second.
ridiculous: Steve, a father.
"That's so gross, Fred," said Lola, making a face.  "If
"Aww, I'm flattered."
doing?"
What if they hadn't had the suit then?  He'd be dead.
Steve gave her a look. "It's not even midnight yet. And I've heard The Beatles. A friend--" (Aria) "--insisted I give them a listen. I kind of have this list I keep, for stuff to catch up on...I'm getting there."
His left arm was numb.  He woke up because the truck had stopped, and he blinked groggily.  He flexed his left hand, trying to get some feeling back into it.
Then he got up.  The suit wasn't really designed for indoor use; it was far too bulky.  Tony didn't want to leave it, but he couldn't stomp around Steve's tiny apartment in two hundred pounds of armor, so he steeled himself to face Steve.  "JARVIS.  Let me out of the suit."
"It's mine," said Tony, clutching the orchid.
Steve did whimper, loudly, as Tony pulled him closer. It was good, the other's hand on his thigh gave him more support which he would definitely need soon enough. He was pretty sure his legs were about ready to give way beneath him. "T-Tony... fuck!" He trembled as Tony pushed his fingers inside. It always made him come apart quicker if Tony fingered him. It never quite felt the same, unless something was inside of him.
boring.  Continue."
. Steve was squirming and wriggling beneath him just right, clenching around Tony's member as he let out the sweetest and most desperate sounds. His cheeks were flushed a pretty pink and his eyes glazed over with elation, from both the heat and Tony's presence. Steve trembled under ever thrust and arced his back up into it, moaning every time Tony hit that sweet spot inside of him just right.
Steve paused outside of Tony's office. Okay. Let the awkwardness commence. He let out a long breath and opened the door. Steve set the coffee down on Tony's desk, and then his tablet. Just like he always did.
Tony stepped out of the shower and let Steve towel him off.
Walking around Tony's house in basically no clothes was strange...it felt like he was flashing because of all the big windows even though there was no one around to see.
"Show me now," repeated Tony.  He was going to die of curiosity now that Steve had alluded to it being something sexual.
"A friend," Howard echoed coldly, eyes still on Steve. "Well he's certainly not from your college, just look at him. Where on earth would you find a spade like this, Tony? You haven't been paying for it, have you?"
Steve turned his head to the side. "Maybe-- maybe it wouldn't be so bad if you
He signed all of them carefully, as Richard Emmett, hoping that Tony was watching and would get a "Richard Emmett" into the national database before Gene Bennett realized he was faking his entire history.
Maria waved a hand. "Just give me a Big Mac."
and cheesecake, unless you count liquor as food, in which case I'd say single-malt scotch or a dirty martini.  My favorite pizza toppings are pepperoni and pineapple.  I secretly think leather bracelets are cool but I'd never be caught dead wearing one.  I actually didn't lose my virginity until I was nineteen, not sixteen like I tell everyone.  I hate tennis.  Fucking
"Got him," she said through clenched teeth.  Her whole body was taut, her fingers bent into unnatural angles, as if they'd all been broken.
"Naturally," agreed JARVIS, throwing up the Mark V's suit diagnostics before Tony could ask.  He overlaid the two holograms and closed one eye, examining them, looking for ways to improve them.  One of Tony's mantras was, "There's always room for improvement."  He'd broken the sound barrier with the second suit, but he was still trying to find ways to make it accelerate faster, stop shorter, be more energy efficient.  With the new arc reactor, he felt like the suits were about to undergo a renaissance; they were no longer operating with a limited power supply.  If he could miniaturize the new arc reactor and slap RT nodes into the palms of the suit, he could probably create one that could theoretically be worn indefinitely.  The thought was like a warm blanket to his brain; he basked in his designs, feeling smug, feeling... invincible.
Steve moaned quietly as Tony filled him up, his whole body shaking as he was filled up. Tony's spent was hot inside of him, a hot searing claim which made Steve feel so
Once Tony was in the van and everyone else piled in, Natasha slammed the doors and reached under the dash to start the engine. Wanda was still kneeling in the cargo hold, curled over her brother, tears running down her cheeks, trying to wake him up.  She looked up at the sound of the van starting.
Steve tried for a smile, a small but genuine one. "A shower sounds good," he said softly. "Perfect, actually. Just relax for now, yeah? We don't have to talk."
Steve, despite being big, or rather muscly, was especially light-footed. Of course, Natasha was far quieter than him, but then, that was her specialty. Steve's specialty, they joked, usually consisted of pissing people off; after all, he was provocative by nature. His military career had begun when he'd went on a rogue mission, to rescue troops who had been captured in Azzano in 1943, and since then, Steve had regularly defied orders when he felt it was right.
"Where's the rest?  Where's Trickshot?" demanded Tony.
. It was bullets raining down on them, then the roar of a jet engine, and then a stupid cocktail party. And now finally it was just... silent. And it was wonderful. Steve closed his eyes blissfully, savoring it, even though he wasn't sleeping. He didn't think he could sleep without Tony here next to him.
Bucky stated passively as Steve changed the orders
, another nonsense word.  That man wasn't supposed to say that.  No.  That man could only call him--
"...shit," he muttered as they clamored downstairs.
He stopped by the soldier's holding cell to check on him.  He was lying there, shaking, eyes staring blank and unfocused.  The hair on the back of his neck had spiked and he had an impressive erection.  Both normal reactions to electroshock.
"Don't flatter yourself.  I volunteered to meet Captain America," she said, giving Steve a nod.
"JARVIS!  I need a suit up, I gotta go see Rogers.  Can we get the Mark IV up on the gantry and slap a couple of thrusters onto it, just for a quick, short-term flight?"
.  There is nothing anyone can do to me that would ever, ever make me cooperate with HYDRA."
, you know."  He reached up to stroke Steve's hair, his fingers playing lightly over the scar on the back of Steve's neck.
He dug through his discarded clothes, looking for his phone.
"But I like my jacket," Steve said with 'genuine' upset (that Tony knew was entirely put on).
"Not really.  The bond is too strong.  Omegas' bodies will just keep rehealing with the mark of whichever Alpha they chose.  But it gets easier."
"How long ago did you go into labor?"
Then, suddenly, it hit him like a ton of bricks.  The picture on Steve's fridge, the man leaning out of a window, smoking.  The man with his shirt unbuttoned, the dog tags dangling from his neck.
He was not supposed to think of himself as "he."  He was not supposed to think.  His programming was bad; soon, they would take him-- it-- to the chair.
Luke!"
Donner looked over at him like he hadn't seen him before. Steve couldn't read his face.
"I don't know... he wants kids, I'm getting old, and I lost two already."  Fred shrugged weakly. "...at least I'm not going to get murdered," he added, almost to himself.
"You know, to see if it worked."
"Hey.  We can still feel each other.  It's not like his bond replaced mine," said Tony, reasonably.  "...if you're dual-bonded, you're dual-bonded. It's okay." He tried to say it like he didn't mind being a secondary Alpha, even though, if the bite mark wasn't his, that's exactly what he would be reduced to, in the eyes of the public.  A permanent reminder of his failure of dominance.
Steve must have looked like he was about to protest because her voice softened a little.  "Steve.  It's not him.  It can't be.  He's, what, ninety-two, ninety-three years old?  I've
"I know this looks bad but we are definitely the good guys," said Tony.
"Talk to T'Chaka first," said Rhodey.  "...no one is blaming you, Tony, we know you don't make weapons anymore."
Once Tony got down on his knees properly his brain stopped producing coherent thoughts anyway. Steve let out a quiet, pleased sound and tilted his head back, eyes fluttering shut as the wet heat of Tony's mouth enveloped him. He was getting wet too; he'd need to change underwear before he headed out again.  They were definitely going to be late.
Sitwell, Pepper, and Phil all let out a noise of surprise; Steve's head had turned reflexively, shielding his face, and Tony's teeth had sunk just below his ear, around his jawbone.  A tug, a slash, and suddenly Steve was bleeding profusely.
"...I forgot what a
Tony didn't remember her but he didn't care.  He needed company.  She was company.
Then Maria opened the door and all hell broke loose.
Donner slid down to the floor with Steve.  With both of them on their knees, Donner only came up to Steve's shoulder.
So he did, on the mouth. It was brief but it meant something. Steve's heart as beating really fast in chest. "Amazing. I mean it."
-newed.  Have you and Tony discussed that yet?"
"Steve. You nearly died out in Yemen," Clint said softly. "He hurt you."
"Like I dragged a lot of people into a mess I have no means of getting them out of. So not great, admittedly."
Fury's jaw tightened, but he didn't answer.
"Ha-ha, very funny, Jarv.  Put all my calls on hold, I gotta go downstairs and whip up a new element or I'm doing to die," said Tony.
He'd pined and grieved and slowly wasted away to nothing.  He was as sharp as ever but the cloud of depression that hit him never quite lifted.  He moved slower, and every task he did became less thorough; the only thing he never faltered on was cleaning the glass face of the photographs.  Howard Stark's image never got dusty in the years following his death; Jarvis could polish the photos around the house for hours on end and refused to let Tony take any down or move them.  At the funeral, Tony hadn't cried; he'd stood gravely around with Stane's hand on his shoulders, thanking people for coming, agreeing that his parents had been lovely people taken too soon and yes, it was terribly shocking, but he was so lucky to have everyone's support, et cetera, et cetera.  Jarvis had wept, completely silently, the entire time, barely speaking.  Tony had found it more upsetting than if Jarvis had been keening or wailing or acting dramatically.  He'd just stood around, crying stoically while old army buddies tried to get through to him unsuccessfully.  According to family legend, his father and Jarvis had worked together in the war. Jarvis had been in the RAF. His father was a pilot; the two of them had apparently had all sorts of wild adventures in their youth.  Howard never talked to Tony about them, and Jarvis spun Tony stories that may or may not have been true at all, so Tony was never sure what, exactly, they'd been through together.  He only knew that the depth of their relationship bordered on unfathomable and it was a miserable two years of watching Jarvis suffer after his father passed.  Jarvis had only found peace in death; Ana, his wife, had followed him a few days later; the funeral for them had been so much smaller than his parents because they were nobodies, really. Omegas, hired help.  Tony had cried himself senseless for them and never hired new staff on despite all of Stane's urging.
mark.  ...I just don't want to lose you again."
won him... don't take my DeSoto... stoooop!"
"I heard Stark won DeSoto last night.  ...did you hear DeSoto's story?" asked Fred, turning to Steve, eyes bright.  "I mean, come on. A week after DeSoto got shot, Tricky just disappeared. I'm telling you.  Open up Ronnie's septic tank and-- bam! Skeleton city."
"Like what?" Five asked, frowning.
Steve had finished bandaging his hand, but he was still holding it.  Tony didn't move to pull it away.  Steve's tender care had elicited something in Tony, a sense of comfort, of belonging.  No one had ever done this for him, except Pepper.  Tony mopped up most of his own wounds, and had done so since childhood.
"I'm just seeing if they're okay."
"What?  No, I'm with Clint, and-- hold on, it's just the television, I'll go outside."
"I just hope I don't end up with an old guy.  Even a girl would be okay," said Sixteen, twisting her thumb in her mouth.  She gave Steve another glance. "Tony's like, only, like, thirty-five or something, right?  He looks pretty young. Right? He's like in his thirties or something?"
"...yeah... sounds good," said Tony, tucking the card away, still trying to get over being shouted at.  Tony rarely lacked confidence, but John was like a living embodiment of a bulldozer. Tony wondered if the omega who worked for him was eventually going to get shouted to death.  Maybe he was used to it; Joan and Maria were clearly immune. They were beaming at Steve; Maria was asking Steve if he would be willing to pick the two of them up for a picture.
is evidence.  That means
Steve rolled his eyes while Tony was still making gooey eyes at the attractive beta across the room.  Nothing Pepper could have said or taught him would have prepared him for the minefield that was Tony Stark.  The man was a genius and he was definitely going to change the world (hell, he had already); Steve didn’t have a doubt about that.  But that did
No Steve.
Tony's shoulders sagged a little, and he gave Steve a glare.  "I was just about to win," he grumbled. "...that guy thinks he's so dominant... I'll show
"And the... Barnes situation?"
"Firemen are cool," Steve said. "Sorry, did you say... Pac-Man?  I know about Pac-Man."
"MOVE!" he barked.
Note: we have opted to keep the comic date of Tony's parents' death as March 15, 1986.
he thought sardonically.
Tony's dander went up.  He had only met one acer in his entire life, Sam, and while he liked Sam, being accused of being an Alpha who liked other Alphas hit him hard.  "I'm wearing this collar 'cause I don't have anything to compensate for," said Tony coldly. "I'm bonded to Steve fuckin' Rogers. If that makes me a weak Alpha, then I don't know whose neck I'd have to bite to be considered a strong one."
Steve shook his head. "I know Bucky's scent. I wouldn't mistake it for something elses'. Not even a relative, Tony. It's like how...I'd always recognise yours," he pointed out awkwardly.  "I would never get you and Howard mixed up."
"Sorry," said Tony quickly.  He was trying to say and do the right thing, but Steve had a weird expression and Tony was pretty sure it was about the mating.  His fault. He should have just kept going, should have ignored the bitter taste... it had just surprised him, that was all... he'd popped the gland plenty of times but it had never tasted bad...
"Why would I do that?  I don't even know you," said Tony.
how I was so... so not-assertive.  But not Dad. He was just disappointed.  ...did you know he gave me my first drink when I was eight?  Trying to toughen me up, I guess. .
"For the same reason there are no heterosexual parades or white pride organizations, I suspect," said JARVIS.
, I wish we'd had heat hostels in the forties!  Can I have more water?"
"You can't fix the world Steve," Phil breathed. "Take down one auction house, another crops up. You know how it goes.  Besides, in most of these cases, omegas won't press charges.  As you said, they're brain-washed.  The omegas in those sorts of places oppress themselves and we can't tear apart the network if they don't cooperate."
"You don't need to do anything," said Tony tiredly.
Tony wanted to crawl into a hole and die.
Bucky resumed pacing while Steve stared dully at the wall.
when he was proud. And Falsworth...with all his British charm and swagger. He tried to chat Peggy up too many times and every time she rejected him it just go funnier. He was a good sport and a brave man. They all were. They'd all been willing to die for each other.
The shower was
Tony glanced back; Trickshot was holding up a chain around his ankle.
"I would prefer it if I didn't have to be involved in the process," Steve hummed, glancing down. "It was quite stressful."
"ONE!"
"Something like that," said Donner, then added, perhaps a little defensively, "Lots of omegas are blond."
"Are we being detained?" demanded Ducky.
"Now would someone like to explain to me what the hell is going on?" Fury called out as he stepped into the house, a flurry of footsteps following in his wake. Apparently SHIELD didn't ring the doorbell.
"Aw, fuck, Tony. Aw, gawd..." He pressed his cheek against the pillow, eyes half open and gaze glassy. "
"I need a drink," said Tony.
"Those experiments Zola did on the men at Azzano.  He... he had some sort of serum, like me.  He didn't die when he felt.  They took him and froze him and they only woke him up to use him.  They... they practically turned his head inside-out.  Mentally he's just--"  Steve couldn't continue.
Tony growled low in response, lapping at Steve's neck lightly.  He untangled his hand from Steve's and set it on Steve's shoulder... the hand on Steve's jaw trailed down his other arm, finding his wrist... Tony was crawling forward, pushing Steve back, getting on top of him, pinning him.  Steve wasn't resisting; he was bigger, he could easily shove Tony off, but he was limp under Tony, letting Tony press down on him, bite his neck softly...
of lemonade. "Thank you, that's very kind..."
"Hey!  That's my omega!" protested Tony, clambering out of the pool.
"Fine.  His bark's worse than his bite," she said.
"Better late than never. There's a car waiting for you outside.  Change of clothes in it."
him, the kind of fucking that bordered on violent.
Once the tub was full up he turned off the taps, filled the water with strawberry...something and eased Tony into the bath. The tub (of course) was huge but they still sat close, just far enough across that they could tangle their good legs together.
"--and the
Tony and Gideon stared at each other.
But even if he never made another demand or request, the fact remained that Steve acted just as Frond's book predicted.  He served Tony without thinking, bringing him things, making sure he ate... he'd gotten Tony take-out, hadn't he? He'd come home from running when Tony was awake, and here he was, toweling Tony off with a look of intense concentration, offering to
"You chose a movie," he said quietly. "I don't know much 'bout movies."
of him..."  Tony gritted his teeth.  Just the memory of it was arousing.  Tony was pretty sure he was going to be jerking off to the memory of that smell for a long, long time.  "...I don't
"Thank you, Mr. Malick, sir," said Tony, voice dripping with sarcasm like Steve had never heard before.  Tony did a mocking little curtsy, then turned to Steve. "Text me what you're up to. See ya, Steve. I got a car to scrub."  He turned back to Malick. "Should I got get my bikini top and daisy dukes to wash it, or are jeans okay?"
Tony paused, thinking.
Tony misinterpreted this.  "...why would I have candles?" he snapped.  "Steve, open your present now."
"Hey," Steve appeared at Tony's side, a hand on his arm. "You think maybe it's time to head home, Hm?" He asked with a gentle squeeze.
Tiberius shrugged, eyes still hard.  "I've been called a freak before. It was a useful bluff.  I suppose having a botched arvincolectomy serves a purpose, after all."
"Question.  Am I allowed to drink at the--"
"He's gonna be okay, Clint," Steve said with a swallow. "But I can't-- you need to hear it from him."
what they're dealing with.  JARVIS? Can you get me Fury on the phone?"
"Well I didn't even
Something squirted in his mouth, something bitter, sharp; he bite down harder, already riding out his climax, pumping himself into Steve, too undone from gratification to really care about the taste.
"Coop's a fan," said Natasha, who was watching them with a grin, arms crossed.
Then he heard a knock and quickly pulled the sheet over himself before Tiberius walked in with a glass of water. "Pill time," he said. It was time for Steve to take the twelve white along with the blue. He gave them all to Steve on a little plate along with the water.
"You can come over," Steve murmured after a beat. "I don't have a spare room though; you can take the couch," he offered quietly and thought about them sharing. Thought about pressing the curve of his body up against Tony's under the sheets and blushed darkly. "Or... whatever."
"I'm really sorry about that... Carrie's got a touchy stomach, I should have warned you," said Brent as Pepper walked back in, wiping her blouse with a hand towel.
Donner was standing at the foot of the stairs, gripping the banister.  He gave a tiny nod.
Steve groaned and his head lolled.
"Hey, I died," Steve pointed out with a soft laugh. "I earned a bit of favouritism, don't you think?" He pointed out and realised he was drawing circles over Tony's bicep with his fingertip without even noticing. It felt natural. Being his close to him. It felt
was unheard of.  Even in Tony's very limited experience, Jarvis had never offered many personal desires or opinions; he lived as an extension of Howard, aligning his belief system's with Howard's and, generally, agreeing with most of his stances.
He placed the phone on the counter.  "...Thirteen?  I'm in the location and I've got at least three hostiles outside.  What's your position?"
“Mmm… how about you shuffle things around for me?” asked Tony, not looking up.  He reached out and pushed the tablet away with one finger.  “Eleven is really close to brunch, and I sort of hate morning meetings, so if you could go ahead and change that for me, that would be great.  Is that Americano?  I told you already, Stan.  Espresso.  Not Americano.  I like my coffee like I like my women, strong and bitter.  Go get me another one.”  He swiveled in his chair slightly, playing around on his phone.
, or in a broader, more existential sense?
"Beach," agreed Tony softly, entwining his hands with Steve's.  "...come on."
"So," he murmured. "What do you really think?"
"--Bucky-- Bucky please, don't let go, just a little farther--"
do that?!
Happy was waiting for them outside. He was smiling. "Happy early birthday boss," he said, opening the boot for Tony to toss the suitcase into. Steve was excited to go now. Although he wasn't the fondest of plane rides, it would be worth it.
Pepper looked like she wanted to hurl a few choice words at Tony, but instead she turned heel and left, slamming the door behind her.
...they were, Steve realized, double-teaming him.  As psychologists who both had a pretty good knowledge of his background, they had reached the same conclusion: Steve was still being self-destructive.  Even if his actions at the Alphas United conference had been positive, there was no denying that there had been an element of danger in doing them, and clearly, both women thought that was his primary motivation
just to pass the time. Tony remained uninterested in it. The show seemed funny enough and it made Pepper smile. Steve watched it with his notebook in his lap, writing down references he didn't understand to look up later.
Tony realized he was clinging to Steve rather aggressively.  He loosened his grip.  "Steve," he murmured softly.  He leaned in to bite Steve's ear gently, giving it a playful little tug.  Steve was the best thing that had happened to him in a long time, even though he was dragging Tony into this mess with SHIELD and HYDRA and all the other alphabet-soup agencies of the world.  It wasn't like Tony really had anything else going on, anyway.  He'd thought he was a goner.  If not for Steve, he would probably just be kicking around the house, pestering Pepper with phone calls and building new suits.
"If you can't handle that, then..." Tony shrugged a little, and looked away. "...but I already decided that...
He nuzzled Steve's neck lovingly.  He had decided to employ his new meditation techniques not only to cheat the hell out of SHIELD's test, but also to bury his fears about Bucky and the Winter Soldier and Steve's old bond.
Sitwell looked unamused at the story.  "Hm," he muttered, eyes roaming over the house and the hundreds of orchids.  "So Stark doesn't like having his wrists touched?" he asked suddenly.
"Makes sense. After making the whole nation cry last night, I think they'll probably come and officially remove them soon anyway," he said. "You've gone above and beyond your duty, Steve, to make the security council happy."
"Well..."  Tony pulled out a carton of eggs and found a bowl.  "...we're in trouble, I guess." He pulled up his pants' leg to show her the ankle monitor.  "Steve's got to apologize to Yemen. But that's pretty much it."
to him.  The way he moved and spoke and fought, the expressions on his face, his smell.  Everything about him was a symphony and it felt like it was one that was dedicated to him.  He almost felt bad for hurting him.  (Of course, he'd had to.  His instructions were very clear, and besides, Captain America had hurt him, too; the knife wound in his hip was throbbing.)  He wondered if, once he took Captain America, if he would see him again.  If they would maybe get to talk.  He didn't know what they'd talk about because he wasn't allowed to talk to anyone about anything; other than giving mission reports and answering questions, no one wanted to hear him.  Occasionally, rarely, he and Karpov would have a conversation if Karpov was bored.  But he didn't know how to talk to people, and he'd been able to tell, when he was talking to Ducky and Amber and Freak, that they had not understood him.
"You sure?"
"Are you kidnapping me?" asked the remaining scientist.
"I'm never gonna let Clint get over that..." said Tony, grinning.  "No, yeah, he's safe, he works for the government... we're gonna crack open the other two doors and then we'll get you out, okay?"
them to attack you." Steve said, his voice still a little thick with emotion. "I just want them to leave us alone and stop trying to undermine us at every goddamn turn. It will upset you if they think we're in a trio so it will upset me, okay? I'm tough as nails regardless of the Alphas in my life. I fought Nazis! I don't need anything else to convince them."
Upstairs, Steve was arguing with Fury over the good he'd been doing.
Steve's body was huge next to his.  He liked the way it depressed the bed, made the sheets warm.  Tony was selfish in bed; he sprawled out all over the place and hogged the covers, because he'd never really slept with another person much.  Steve, on the other hand, always seemed to curl up and snuggle into him. Tony tried not to read into that too much. Maybe it wasn't a Bucky thing, maybe it was a poor-guy-only-ever-had-a-twin-bed-and-an-army-cot thing.
Tony tinkered away at the Mark VII, which could now come to him and self-assemble while he held still, and could be taken off by moving gantry, and was flight-capable for up to two hours.  His arc reactor no longer bothered him in the slightest; aside from a weekly cleaning, it required virtually no maintenance.
"Actually, it's going great.  I mean, it wasn't our fault, and people love Iron Man-- and you, too, Cap-- and I've got Rhodes on my side and Pepper got me all lawyered up.  Hell, Stevie and I are going to the White House next month!  Mark my words, Romanov: I'm going to receive a fuckin'
"I love drawing people," Steve breathed. "Especially people that matter. You draw things you thing you're afraid of losing, or at least, that's what Clint says. I just tell him he's being a soppy bastard," he said with a soft laugh, blue eyes glinting a little at the memory. Clint had thrown an arrow at him and Steve had ducked- the arrow then hitting Phil in the back of the head. He hadn't been impressed.
She gave his shoulder a gentle shake, but Tony was comatose.  She frowned a little and said, louder, "...Mr. Stark?" She looked up at Steve.  "Is he always this deep of a sleeper?"
"If you would just
, why are you guys trying to infiltrate the base, anyway?  Just blow it up! Fuck, Steve, I'll do it, it's easy, I have missiles that can blow open bunkers, you don't even have to go inside..."
Kerry passed the card to George; George swiveled around in an office chair and pulled a phone over to him.  "Shall we?" He began dialing and put in on speaker when it began ringing. George propped his feet up on the desk, still sipping the milkshake, while the milkshake's owner tried fruitlessly to grab it from him.
"T-Tony...."
He ran a worrying amount of kilometres in just over an hour considering he barely worked up a sweat. Steve's work out was cut short when JARVIS alerted him that there was someone at the door. He didn't think there was anyone around to answer it so headed down and found a man with all of their stuff from the hotel.
This was a guy Tony liked, instantly.  He was likable. Tony hated that about him.
"The ones I got yesterday definitely don't lock..." Steve murmured. "Does this mean I have to dress a certain way too?"
.  We only have satellite monitoring on fourteen."
panicking. When the plane landed he was relieved, absolutely. He just wanted to get home, for both their sakes'. Tony was awake but not all that coherent. There was no one around to see so Steve just picked him up, his head tucked against the crook of his shoulder. He held him tightly, securely, not even noticing the sharp tug in his leg with each step and the ache in his stomach. All that mattered right now was getting Tony
"Just start from the introduction." said someone off-camera.  The camera shifted a little.  Howard took a sip of the drink his his hand.
He lifted his head up. "It was a prayer the French soldiers taught us on the front line," Steve said quietly. "I always liked it. It brought me comfort."
"...twice," said Tony, softly.  His voice was easily heard in the large, cavernous quiet of his workshop.  "You lied to me twice.  You lied to me about who you were.  And then you told me you were a virgin.  That you'd never been with another Alpha.  That you weren't taken."
The terrible conclusion Tony had been forced to make after the accident was that his father had very likely been drunk.  It had been a weekend evening, after all. A tight, winding road. Howard drank daily. Maybe he'd just had one too many.  Tony had never known him to get behind the wheel of a car without being about to control it (Howard's piloting skills were seconds to none), but Tony could think of no other explanation.  It was March and slippery and cold and dark, and if Howard had had a few drinks and had hit a patch of black ice... well.
"...you looked good out there, too," said Tony softly.  "...I forget how strong you are.  All the time."  He sighed a little.
Happy hung up and Steve tucked the phone away into his back pocket. Having been Tony's PA he'd worked with Happy quite a bit. He could honestly say he'd missed his company.
"Mr. Stark, do you consider it irresponsible to take a week off for Formula One racing when you could be out further stabilizing the Middle East?"
Hal had brought lunch over for everyone in the form of sandwiches and they were practically having a picnic of sorts. The auctionees were all very chatty and asked Steve about just every aspect of his life. Then they turned to Hal. One asked her how she bonded her own Alpha.
Kerry rolled her eyes. "Stick your salad up your ass, Ian."
"I'm kinda, gonna...start a charity..."
"Наталья, actually."
He woke up to footsteps around the cell. The man in the suit was pacing outside as a scientist wrote down notes rather intently. "Interesting. That they slept together. Maybe we won't need in the inducers."
call Steve Rogers a spade!" he snarled, hair on the back of his neck rising.
He forced himself into a state of exaggerated calm confidence.  Tony had spent his life trying to be the same sort of Alpha his father and Obadiah had been.  Even though he generally felt inadequate, no one else seemed to notice.  Tony was an exceptional actor.  He grinned at the cameras, throwing up peace signs and reaching out to sign photos, occasionally flinging an arm around Steve just so that everyone could get a good look at him.  People expected Tony to be seen with beautiful people, and Steve really was gorgeous.  On top of that, he had the case and everyone loved Iron Man just as much as they loved Tony.  Tony had discovered that the mere presence of any suit component was enough to get the press to cream their pants, and he used it to his advantage as much as possible.
Steve was relieved when Tony appeared again but he also frowned when he realised he was limping. They were cleaning up Tony's face but it was obvious he wasn't putting any weight on one of his legs. "Tony." Steve curled an arm around him and squeezed a little and held onto Tony's hand with his other arm. "You need to let them look at your foot."
Actually, that was probably why Tony kept her around.  Most of his regular staff was people who acted somewhat immune to the glamor of his life, while still being on-call 24/7 for whatever whim he needed fulfilled.
Steve woke up to the smell of bacon and sausages and no heat.
Maybe he had a concussion.
"But you just said you liked the photo shoot from Steve's second interview," said Tony.
"No.  Why would you ask me to do that?" he asked.  He could think of at least three good reasons not to kill the blond.  First, because clearly he was important to HYDRA. He would no more kill this man than he would run a car off a cliff or pitch a perfectly good M-24 into a river.  Second, he hadn't been ordered to and it was a pointless waste of energy to do anything he wasn't ordered to. Third, he liked the blond. The blond smelled absolutely tantalizing.  Being in the same room as him was enjoyable even though the floor was hard and cold.
A chill ran down his spine and his breath hitched.
"Ugh... ugh, ugh, ugh... nothing... I mean... nothing," said Tony, still trying to spit the taste out.  No luck. A bead of clear fluid trailed down Steve's neck. "I think-- fuck-- it's fine, I think I rebroke the gland-- are you okay?"  Tony hadn't even realized he'd been holding back, but he had been. He hadn't been biting Steve, not really. Not until he got the knot in.  Then he'd snapped and-- dear, sweet Edison, had it always tasted so
"I'm sorry if I seemed like I was snapping at you earlier.  You're doing fine.  I know he's difficult.  Maybe once he gets some fresh air, he'll calm--" She stopped and all then color drained from her face.  On the television, Tony was grinning in front of several microphones, wearing a racing jacket emblazoned with his name.  "I mean, what's the point of owning a racecar if you don't drive it?  I doubt it's as fast as the suit, but..." Tony was saying.
"You like Taylor Swift so it figures," Tracy grinned again and poked Steve's cheek.  "Guess the serum didn't improve your tastes much, huh?"
allowed to go AWOL for a few months, not without a damned passport.  You can't just waltz across international lines without going through the proper channels.  Second of all, I don't
He realized he was worried about Clint now. What if he got hurt? Or worse killed? The tesseract had done enough harm. Steve screwed his eyes shut again and just focused on his breathing.
"Is it....is it okay if I have a lie down, in the back?" Steve asked, voice a little quiet. He was tired. He hadn't eaten all day, except some dried cereal in the morning. He was pretty sure he stank of blood, that his driver was being very polite about not mentioning it. He was probably ruining the seats. Steve undid his seatbelt and laid across the back, having to bend his knees because his legs were just too goddamn long. It felt good to lean his head against something, though.
good reason.
Tony perked up a little.  "Put her on.  Yello?"
arranged bonding was illegal but I didn't even know that, so I let him."
"Tony.  No drugs.  No sex," said Pepper sternly.
ringing.  From inside the house.
Steve laughed easily, feeling more hyper than he had in an age. His skin was buzzing. He'd never done anything like that before in his life.
Steve emptied his cup of his tea and went to drop the mug in the sink. "I'm not saying you have to sign a contract, Tony. I just want a chance to show you what we do-- what we could achieve together. If you'll let me.  I really think the Avengers Initiative could be good for you--"
"Thank you, Tony, but we're actually trying to coordinate Steve's meeting with one of the members of the World Security Council, not choose a song for Steve to sing."
," he called back.  "Did you get a haircut?"
Pierce's comment had hit Tony hard.  He didn't really notice the age difference.  He'd only been forty for a few months but he didn't feel old.  But could he take on a twenty-something man with army training?  Admittedly, probably not.
Steve had heard about this being done before but he'd never expected it, or at least, never felt owed it. But it felt
"Looks to me like they were trying to kill you, not him," said Kate calmly, pulling another handgun from her glove box.
He pulled the sleeve of wires and magnets down over his arm, then picked up a garbage can lid.  He should probably ask to borrow Steve's shield, but he didn't have time; he was too excited to try this out.
He watched impatiently as Steve climbed into the driver's seat and pushed it back.  One of the few disadvantages to the supercar was that it was not really designed for a person of Steve's size; it was low to the ground, streamlined, modeled to Formula One specs.  Steve had to duck to climb in.
"You know, Sex on the Beach isn't merely a fruity cocktail for lightweight girls," said Tony after a moment.
.  Maybe Captain Rogers was a national symbol back in the forties, but it's the twenty-first century, and I, for one, don't feel like an omega crying out for special treatment is really how I want my country represented."
"...yeah."
A door opened behind him.
"He's dead."
One of the omega comedians from before grabbed him, clearly recognizing Steve's rather lost state, and gently lead him over to a sofa. She was the woman Tony had tried to order a drink from. "I'm Arcadia.  You were great up there, by the way. But the news guys were dicks, huh?" she said, grabbing a glass of champagne off a tray and pushing it into his hand. Steve was so grateful she'd come to his rescue, especially considering the Tony fiasco earlier.
Tony raised his hands.  "I swear, I didn't mess anything up, I just-- okay, I made some
Tony gently pushed up Steve's shirt, his fingertips lingering over his abs, pulling off his clothes slowly, savoring the moment.  It was like unwrapping a present.  Even though Tony knew what to expect, it was no less enjoyable to him, pulling off Steve's clothes to reveal his body.  He took his time, running his calloused hands over Steve's skin, eyes roaming over every little detail.  He would never get enough; every little detail, the bow of Steve's lips and the serious furrow of his brow and one lone freckle on his upper arm, all of it was a visual symphony.
. I was lucky. And I'm glad I got to risk my life in service for my country.  I'm
prepared for was his reaction when he saw the bite mark.
Steve hated knowing that Tony's advice was probably right.
," repeated Tony, voice threatening to hit a range only audible to dogs.
"...I think the Germans have a word for people who say thank-you after sex," blurted Tony.  He grinned down at Steve.  "You thank me like I did you a favor.  You know I kind of liked it too, right?  Like, uh, just a little bit, you know... I mean, it was pretty great... hey, wanna shower together?  After I pull out?  Your hair needs washed.  ...I don't know why I want to wash your hair, you're not a poodle, obviously, sorry...  sorry, I get really stupid after sex... no, yeah, we need a shower... and food... and I need a drink... does this feel good for you or not?  I don't know how it is on your end.  Lemme know if I can make this more comfortable for you.  I'm sorry.  I... I don't normally knot."  Tony glanced down.  "So circumcision wasn't a thing in the nineteen-seventeen, huh? ...cool, cool... I'm not gay, for the record... I know that sounds, uh, weird, because my dick happens to be stuffed into you... I just wanted to clarify, I'm not really into guys... I mean, I'm into
Panic was coursing through him.  Had he fucked Captain America?  Pepper would kill him.  Fury--
Donner let out a sudden, pained, gasping wheeze and arched in pain.  "Ah-- ahh--
"What did he say?" demanded Brazinski.
"I've never heard anything like it.  The way that bonding ties together consciousness is not well understood," said the doctor reasonably.
"I gotta mate Steve."
Being filled up with Tony's cum and having him knot him had felt fantastic. But this wasn't. This was stressful. Steve didn't understand what their bodies were doing. He just knew that Tony was distressed and it was because of him and Steve almost felt guilty for that. He knew he would still do just about anything Tony asked of him.
He understood bonding in a very intellectual way, the same way he understood "love" or "ownership."  But in his life these things were only hypotheticals. He did not love and he did not own things. He understood that people could be irrational and therefore manipulated with such things, but for him and, he assumed, Karpov, these follies were simply nonexistent.  Bonding was something he didn't have and that didn't, to his awareness, affect him in any way, but he was extremely interested to know what insight the blond could give him.
"Funny, I thought he meant educating omegas, not educating people
Phil's voice was low and dangerously calm.  Phil was someone who simply didn't seem to experience anger.
"Steve, tell him to call Bennett!" demanded Tony, wheeling around.
Natasha pushed a second glass of water into Steve's hands. "Don't worry about the vomit," she softly. "I've got it. Both of you should get to bed..."
Did other Alphas self-sabotage their masturbatory sessions over this stuff?  Was that the sort of thing the group talked about?
Downstairs, Aria's phone chimed in response to her text to Pepper, asking if everything was okay.
Steve didn't mention what had happened; Tony took his cue and did the same.  "Thanks, Sparky," he said, eyes still fixed on his circuit board, trying to move a chip aside with a pair of tweezers.  "Is DJ AM still on board to mix?  Did you get the tigers?  I wanted two, but if you can only get one, that's fine, too."  He paused, sticking his tongue out as he delicately connected a resistor.  "..oh, and cancel the Expo for the year 2089."
He was surprised at the sudden command but automatically said, "Yes, Captain Rogers," and froze.
Tony tried to take a swig of the bottle but it was empty.  He began crawling toward the bar.  It was hard; the world was moving pretty significantly and his coordination was non-existent.
.  He was an omega but it wasn't clear at all what his status was, whether he was a strong or a meek omega, where in his cycle he was.  It was like trying to describe a beta's smell, or the taste of water, or the color of air. His smell was like a shadow, sinister, suggestive, unsettling.  An extremely distorted version of reality. It wasn't sinister, just uncanny, unfamiliar. Like a glass eye.
"Steve," said Tony with sudden seriousness.  He set his plate aside and reached out, placing a hand on either side of Steve's face and looking deep into his eyes.  "When you say that there's only one way to find out... look.  I know what you're thinking.  But Steve..."  He took a deep breath and then sighed out.  "...Steve, those psychic phone lines are all fake.  Miss Cleo
Steve rolled his eyes, then tilted his head at Tony. "Do you need help with your nose?"
"Yeah, of course I can--"  Tony looked up suddenly, eyes lit up.  "--I can feel him!"
Pepper handed it to him; he dumped it unceremoniously over Tony.
He grabbed the back of Steve's neck without thinking, his fingers carding through his soft blond hair, and he turned, kissing Steve deeply, shoving his tongue into Steve's mouth, finally,
was the most oddly reassuring thing.
"It's... it's Steve Rogers. I'm here to help."
Steve's mind shuffled through a few different ways he could kill Melinda and a few ways he could hide the body without being caught. Perhaps it was mildly insane, but it helped calm him down.
Bucky stared at Wanda, uncomprehending.  "...no I didn't."
"Happy birthday," Steve murmured, a smile tugging at his lips. He could feel Tony's excitement which in turn made him feel almost hyper.
"I think I was allowed to go AWOL for a few months, don't you? Ever since I woke up it's been SHIELD this, SHIELD that- no one even considered the fact- or asked- if I even
He leaned down and began licking the knot and Steve's entrance; above him he could hear Steve making a series of undignified noises of pleasure.  He drew back (Steve's balls brushed his face) and gave it another push. Slowly, achingly, he could feel Steve's body giving, the knot easing into him.
"Charlotte, just place the damn ball!"
"Steve," Aria was standing up, stubbing out her cigarette. "Someone get him water, something..."
"Steve lemme down, Pepper guess what, I was just working on my suit, everything's great, what kind of pizza is this, seriously, let me down, Steve-- Steve---"  Tony was squirming, still clutching the pizza box.
"This is a fucking mess," he declared after a moment.  "Rogers, get me some scotch, I can't... I can't do this.
He might have whined but his self-control was too high for that. He got the sense he hadn't completed his objective, hadn't pleased Steve even though he'd followed his orders.  It sounded like the old mission (get out of the cell and away from videotaping) was being replaced with something entirely different (fight HYDRA).
Pepper's jaw dropped.  "Are you
The tech shrugged.  "Search me.  I've never seen anything like it. The simulation is still active."
Love. Such an overwhelming and ambiguous thing before now. But being with Tony made it seem so simple. He nudged their noses together with a faint smile. "I'm glad you felt you could tell me," he murmured and then slipped away to settle in the bath.
"Oh yes! He's with George...somewhere. It's a shame he's not drinking though, would have helped loosen him up a bit."
"Are they dead?"
him and we're not detaining him!" snapped Tony.  "Donner can do whatever he wants because
Tony didn't believe in any sort of real afterlife.  He didn't think his father was either in heaven or hell or reincarnated as a housecat.  Tony simply felt that his father was dead and in the ground and that was that.
If Pepper had been around, she would have mentioned to Steve that part of Tony's cow-towed-ness was it being March.  Tony often suffered through a series of self-depreciating personal revelations in March. Sometimes they stuck, and sometimes they didn't.  Tony lost track of himself in the first two weeks every year, which is one of several reasons Pepper cancelled all his appointments during that time.  Tony couldn't be trusted to make rational decisions. Period.
"Okay, let's go," said Tony, clapping his hands together.  "It's like pulling off a band-aid, right, hook me up, Steve, let's see what my magnificent brain has for us.  C'mon, the faster we do this, the sooner it'll be over."
He reached out and pulled Steve into an embrace, nuzzling the top of his head, the soft blond hair.  "My omega... my sweet fuckin' omega, God, I missed you..." he murmured into Steve's hair, holding him.  It was impossible stay mad at Steve, even when he was acting like a brat.
. They sent their best and they caught us by surprise and they
Tony stood in the middle of the room, dumbfounded, having no clue what was going on.  Jeffrey and Brent both had babies strapped to their torsos; Jeffrey, the omega, untied the baby from its sling and handed it to Tony with a casual, "Here, can you hold her for me?" before going to hug Steve.
"Yesterday," Steve said and the doctor blinked in surprise.
Five.  Only five had left, the other thirteen still on the stage.  Some looked longing or envious, clearly wanting to go but lacking the courage.  Yet some had the same looks of anger and disgust as the Alphas in the room. Some were glaring at them just as harshly, and clearly agreed that Steve was dangerous, his ideas radical and crazy.
One of his hands was slowly rolling a screw back and forth on the ground as Tony stared down at the mess in front of him.
Ah-ha.  Tony suddenly realized what his parents were thinking.  It had nothing to do with this guy being male, and everything to do with him being a breeder.
Tony winced.  "I just... I don't like... fine.  Check me over. Don't touch my chest," said Tony tersely, flopping onto the couch.  His body was already tensing. It was hard enough letting someone probe his mate; letting himself get checked out was worse.  Tony hadn't seen a doctor himself in two years. The closest he'd come to a routine physical was SHIELD's evaluation.
"I'm gonna behave. I won't get kicked out. Promise," he murmured. Steve could heel his pride for a few days, if nothing else. "It just makes me think...what if SHIELD hadn't found me in the ice? I was screwed in the head when I woke up Tony. The first few days I had amnesia and kept screaming about why I was so big. I was in pieces. What if people like
Tony seemed panicked for a moment but it sooner died down and Steve chose not to mention it. He was stressed, too, he guessed. Steve was more worried they'd get sexual questions. Like 'do you submit for him?' 'Are you a captain on the battlefield and an omega in the bedroom?' 'What's it like having sex with the infamous Tony Stark?' 'Did he take your virginity?' People in the 21st century were pretty ruthless when it came to that sort of bluntness, especially when it came to sex.
"Did you sleep okay?" Steve asked after a moment, sensing Tony's hesitation.  There was a weird feeling in his gut that he'd thought was a result of doing too many sit-ups.
"Vigor," said the boy.
cereal?" whined Tony.
A man appeared; he was in black tactical gear and had what looked like a quiver of arrows over his shoulder.  His hair was short and his eyes had the sharpness of a sniper. Pietro knew a sniper when he saw one; Sokovia was riddled with them.
"I don't really care about us being cousins," Steve said. "Sorry. I know that sounds... harsh, but I've been awake for over a year now. If any distant family wanted to reconnect with me for whatever reason, they've certainly had their chance to get in touch."
Was Piper happy?  Eric didn't seem like such a bad guy, but Piper was just a kid... then again... their age difference was probably about the same as Tony and Steve's.  Tony wondered what Piper had felt when they bonded. If she had liked it, or if she had just let him do it, or if she'd fought and cried...
They got into the car and Donner vaguely entertained the idea of belting it down the street. It was the kind of thing Steve would do. But where would he go? He had no money, no family that would speak to him. This was his best chance. Donner was a rational person. He wouldn't, and couldn't, try to run.
Steve did the only thing he could think to. He lifted his gun to his own head and stood, the Winter Soldier instantly letting him go.
"What the--"
Steve!  That was it!  That was his name!
All of his earlier annoyance with Steve was gone, the anger channeled into sexual energy.  Which was actually surprisingly common for Alphas, regardless of ranking. Currently, all Tony could think about was Steve's body and how good it felt on him; Steve was a perfect fit, his hole sheathing Tony's cock like it was fucking made for it.
Steve went still as the Alpha's body blanketed his own. He was warm and a little broader than Steve, even though he wasn't quite as tall.  He swallowed, waiting for a hand around his neck or a knife or... something.  But there was nothing. The Winter Soldier wasn't hurting him. He was
"I say we go back out there, bring those spades back in before they ruin their lives, and kick Steve Rogers out!" shouted Paul.
"That leather jacket you have is nice! The one with the green inside!" Happy offered through the tablet and Steve smiled.
"Oh?  Well, that's-- that's just fine," said Boswell.
"Just be yourself. And think back to this morning- maybe that will cheer you up a little."
Steve shivered as Tony's question washed over him. He curled an arm around Tony's shoulders, pulling him closer. He hummed quietly and nuzzled against his cheek.
"We're still got a long way to go," said Danielle gravely.  Her eyes narrowed. "...is that guy over there from
The soldier froze, still pressing down on him.
Sam was nursing a beer with Natasha in the corner who looked like she was sipping water (but Steve knew it was straight vodka). Clint had some fancy cocktail and Aria was sipping her jack and coke through a straw. Everyone seemed to be happy, having fun and Tony was grinning from ear to ear. It was good to see him so happy again.  Steve felt out of place at the party, even though it was his house. It was a far cry from the kind of parties he’d had in Brooklyn in his own century.
Tony's fingertips over his six pack were distracting. It took him a moment to answer. Steve found himself whispering too. It would have felt rude to speak any louder. "I would," he affirmed softly, cheeks heating up at the confession. Does this mean Tony would ask him right now? Did Steve want him to?
Gail was talking and Tony felt like he was in a weird nightmare.  Maybe it was just the alcohol, but being in his underwear in a dark room surrounded by people more dominant than him and feeling helpless felt a
"Hey, did you say earlier a think-tank with
"Right... back... atcha," gasped Tony, thrusting his hips against Steve.  Steve's fingers were on his scalp, his legs wrapped around Tony, and Tony shuddered with delight as he pushed into Steve, slowing a bit when he got to the base of the knot, letting Steve's body get used to the stretch.  He bit Steve's neck as he worked his hips, the warmth of arousal coursing through him; Steve's smell only enhanced it, and Tony relished the smoothness of his body, the minimal friction as his cock glided into Steve; Steve's body was so responsive to him, eager and soaking wet, and any misgivings he'd been feeling evaporated as he buried himself into his omega, feeling the other pulsing around his shaft.
Tony looked away.  "Maybe. I don't know."
He clenched around him again with a soft huff.
in Aria's books was a heavy blow. She looked thoroughly irritated. "Just remember Stevie, if anyone tries to bring this up, just point out that you're not responsible for your mate's actions and that you shouldn't be judged by him.  You know the drill."
"I'm going down to the shop," Tony informed them regally.  It went without saying that he didn't want any of them to come with him.  "Help yourself to..."  He gestured expansively at the mess, and added ironically, "
?" repeated Tiberius.
a bunch of old men in suits can be."
He shuddered noticeably under Tony's touch at the wet drag of tongue and the rough graze of stubble. It would have made him weak at the knees if he'd been standing. Steve felt breathless and heady all at once. "T-Tony..." the rest of his words died on his tongue. Steve wasn't even sure he had any. He wasn't sure he could bring himself to quite say it...
the time?" Steve felt a little funny. And not in a good way. Gideon hated him. He made an extra effort to demean Steve every time he was around him. He spent thousands of dollars buying those tickets just to make fun of him. What kind of game was that man goddamn playing?  "Tony is the best mate I could have," Steve told him calmly, making an effort to not sound confrontational. Donner frowned. "I know that if you've read the news that sounds stupid... but it was Tony's idea to turn up in a collar, because we wanted us to come as
Steve moved to lie on his back, head tilted up as he studied Tony's face. He knew the curve of his jaw now; he'd drawn it enough times. He admired the curve of his bicep that he'd propped himself up on. Tony was handsome in a rugged kind of way Steve never would be, even with the serum.  He had the naturally masculine features of an Alpha despite being of low dominance.  He reached out without thinking and traced his fingertips around the edge of the reactor with unconcealed wonder in his eyes. "You're going to be okay now, aren't you?" he checked in a whisper.
"Can you send Coulson?" asked Sam.  "Uh-huh... yeah, I'd say the perimeter's secure, I've got my tech, too, so he's not going anywhere..."  He covered the phone. "Fury's on his way. They're going to try to contact Phil."
It made Steve feel a little better to think about the fact that they were usually too drunk to do anything. But then Donner was bet away for
When Steve spoke to him, it interrupted Tony's thoughts.  "Didn't you hear me, Rogers?  You're fired.  You don't have to do a goddamn thing anymore.  Frankly, you've done
"It's fine," he assured her. And then Pepper disappeared back inside, bringing the phone back up to her ear.
"  Pepper looked at Tony to see if there was any reaction.  There wasn't. Tony had abandoned trimming his goatee and was getting a bit of a scruffy look.  He stared off into the middle-distance, his arc reactor bright on his bare chest. "...Tony. It would really mean a lot to me if you'd watch this interview."
"Yes, yes, you'll get him once we get the captain somewhere secure," said Karpov impatiently.
"...'k... I gotta take a nap now..." said Tony, flopping down onto the tile floor.
He let the moment slide and reached for the pencil again.
Fuck, he totally would have kept it, wouldn't he?
"The Donner party," supplied Rhodey.
The date is December 31st, 2010, which means that some of Taylor Swift's songs are anachronistic... but the titles were too plot-relevant not to put in there.
Tony didn't know Steve painted.
Captain America's real name was Steve Rogers.  But that was a common name, wasn't it?
Speaking of Gideon--
There was a couple right next to them; the man turned.  "Yes, obviously," he said.
…Yay!"
.  I wouldn't want you to have to court martial me," he said, fingertips still gliding over Steve's face.
"...even for me?" protested Pepper.  "God
Louis rearranged himself and gestured to the one of the cameras.  "Okay, let's start over-- Steve, what do you have to say to the Alpha defense that being around an omega in heat can cause ferality... that often, Alphas should not be held accountable for their attacks on omegas?  You discussed safe space hostels... let's explore that."
"--and then we can get back by the thirtieth because I still have a lot of planning to do for my New Year's party.  PEPPER!" yelled Tony suddenly. "DID YOU GET POSNER?"
There was something about Dr. Martin... Steve just simply didn't trust her.  Maybe because she was an unbounded Alpha? Maybe because he'd just liked Kate from last night?  Maybe because he was tuned in to Tony's protective aggression? He knew it was unfair, but he just... didn't like her like he had Dr. McCloud. He didn't like it when she inspected his burns near his more intimate areas and commented on the lower possibility of scarring. When she handed him painkillers for his ribs, he told her they wouldn't work but took them anyway.
"And it wasn't Russia, it was HYDRA, and Yemen, and Bucky's not even Russ--"
"I did!  Over and over!  She always said no!"
"He force-bonded that omega, Pietro.
"Sounds good," Steve said, smiling a little. "Can we wait for food first though?" He was starving, after all; when wasn't he?
Something occurred to him.  Steve had lied to him, lied about who he was and who he was working for.  Maybe he'd also lied about having an Alpha.  Maybe she was his Alpha.  There was no denying her dominance.  She oozed it.  Hell, Tony felt like an omega himself, being near her.  No wonder Steve had been spurning him.  Who would want a guy on death's door with a chest that looked like hamburger meat when you could shack up with this stunning creature?  He wasn't paired-bonded, but that didn't mean they might not be fucking.
"...I suppose if it works..."
Tony winced.  "Not thing. Person.  I need to buy a-- motherfucker, I'm buying a person."  He put his head in his hands. "Steve, get me the scotch..."
He yanked off the top, took several deep swigs, and then finally stopped pacing with a small shudder.
"Cigarettes first," he demanded.  His fingers brushed over the ridges on the back of Steve's neck, and for the first time since the damned war had started, Bucky felt
"I offered him money for lawyers if he ever wanted to break up with him," Steve said light-heartedly, smiling a little when he remembered the look on Jack's face. Like it had never even occurred to him that it was something he could escape from. But then, it had never occurred to Steve either.
"Do you have any idea how stupid that's gonna look with a v-neck?" said Tony breezily, raising an eyebrow.
you're heavy... upsy-daisy, Steve, there you are!"
It was George, who was calling from the hospital.  Donner had stayed over at his place that night.
Hands on his wrists.  Dirty fingernails digging into the skin leaving little half-moon imprints.
He managed to drift off to sleep again. Steve was sleeping an awful lot recently; at least, it was a lot for
Tiberius frowned.  "...yes, well... that's true.  It was nice to meet you, Captain."  He stuck out a hand for Steve, then offered it to Tony.
Natasha followed with a smile.  "...you see why we didn't think Tony needed to know about this?" she said quietly.
"Please say you have back up coming, or something?" Aria asked, looking stressed.
"Guessing that's for us," said Tony.  He set Steve down gingerly. "The pad's over there.  You meet them. I'll fly," he added, clicking on his faceplate.
"It might be sweet to read through some of it," Steve said, although his eyes went wide when he saw just how huge the pile of letters was. There was a good few hundred of them. And it had been, what, a few days? Steve moved them through into the main bathroom with Tony in his arms. Gently he set him down on the edge of the tub before he moved to turn the taps on.
Tony nosed Steve back, again automatically; just as quickly as he'd protested being scared, his defenses crumbled again.  It was just him and Steve, and Steve probably knew exactly how Tony felt because he could smell it all over him.  He gave Steve a small smile.  "...coffee sounds amazing.  Can you put a few fingers of liquor in it?  Maybe just two... three shots?"  He squeezed Steve's hand.  "...okay, okay, fine, you caught me.  I am the tiniest bit... freaked out.  But if you ever tell anyone, I will deny it."
Happy returned suddenly, climbing into the driver's seat and handing Tony a small bag.
Now, they couldn't stop staring.  It was like Steve had been invisible before, as an omega; now that he had identified himself as Captain America, it was like there was a spotlight trained on him.
inside of him, even if he would be walking a little funny in the morning. When Tony pinned his arms down and his teeth dug in more it sent Steve's brain offline and he was soon letting out a string of whines and little moans as they both got used to the situation of being practically fused together. It had been far too long since they'd done this.
" said Nate, twisting in Steve's grip.  "Lemme
Tony's defenses went up, automatically.  "
Outside, the weather was cold and crisp.  Steve noted a stack of hay bales in a field, with targets spray-painted on them and a few lone arrows sticking out.
, which had always been pretty sympathetic toward Tony in the past.  Tony tried to make his publicity short and sweet and exclusive, and only talk to outlets he knew would present him in a good light.  That had gotten easier after Afghanistan; people liked him more as Iron Man than as a defense contractor.  But it was still, at times, difficult.  His reputation as an eccentric, out-of-touch, womanizing billionaire made a lot of people resent him.  Tony had never cared before (those people were clearly jealous), but now that he and Steve were an item, he was hyper-aware of how his actions would reflect on Steve, who, so far, had managed to keep his nose clean.  People genuinely
stupid.  There's lots of people who aren't real people, like... like Mavis Beacon or Betty Crocker."
As Steve helped guide him into the dining hall, he noticed Pierce checking his phone.
"Red's my favorite color," he replied, as if this were a perfect explanation.
"Oh yeah, they hate each other, apparently," said George, waving his hand.
"We should go. We don't have long, right?"
Tony had to admit, it was a bit more... well...
Omegas were not built like Steve.  Steve was a singularity, and he knew it.
Steve nodded. Least they couldn't accuse him of omega favoritism, or whatever.
Tony's face split into a grin.  "Oh, so
"Yeah?"
It had been years since he'd seen it, though.  He'd forgotten how violent the chainsaw scene was.  Steve was tense, pressing into his chest.
Steve knew he was still on Project 84, but there was no harm in thinking about the future...
He contemplated the team.  Three Alphas led by one omega.  Weird, weird, weird.
. I'm gonna go stir crazy, I swear."
"Rogers," growled Fury, softly, low.  "
Steve's blush only got worse at that. "Side effect of the serum, I believe," he said, trying to sound
"Okay, America the Beautiful... hands on the bed," commanded Tony, still touching himself.  Steve's cheeks were tinged pink but he also looked thoroughly pleased with himself for getting Tony so wound up.
"Don't forget to talk about 84!" hissed Aria loudly from just behind out of the camera operators.
"I thought this would be harder," admitted Wanda as the two of them approached the door of Tony's back deck.  The pool gleamed, placid and blue, behind them. It was a lovely day.
With some persuasion (Pepper pouring a glass of water over his head) Tony got off of Steve. Steve himself sat up woodenly, looking a little forlorn with syrup staining the corner of his top. Pepper tugged the cushion up to try and hide it. If he was aware of the fact that he had a hard-on, he didn't show it.
Tony knocked over his wine.  "You kissed my dad?" he repeated, horrified.
They got off and walked a few blocks before slipping into an alley to open their "anniversary present."
He remembered where Tony's bedroom was but still walked slowly, eyes on his Alpha almost the whole time. When they reached a door Steve lifted his leg up effortlessly and opened it with his foot on the handle before he carried them on through.
"Tony!  ...Sam's been coming on to me all night, what do I do?"
He frowned, and wrote beside it,
He arced up as fingers tugged at his hair and whimpered as Tony thrust up into his mouth. But Steve held his ground, although he came close to choking again. He pointedly didn't.
It was like a rollercoaster. One minute they were happy and okay and it felt like Tony was the only person in the world he could truly trust, and then this- now Tony didn't want him. Steve could feel it. It was like Bucky again. The familiar heavy pit of rejection and dejection swelled in his chest and Steve thought he was going to be sick. He wasn't right- before he'd been sick, weak. Now he was strong but he was broken- there was a sickness in his mind.  A sickness that might be HYDRA's doing, somehow.  Who was the Winter Soldier? What did he want from Steve?  How the hell had HYDRA managed to entangle the Winter Soldier with Bucky?  Did they have an ancient Bucky locked away somewhere?
"...they just look like teenagers," said Pepper.
"See that?
Of course, he hadn't actually ever gotten to see Bucky.  Bucky had tormented his mind, tormented Steve's. Steve had seen Bucky once when Tony wasn't there.  But, so far, Tony had never gotten to see his competition, to smell him, size him up. Not that it was necessary.  Tony was sure that Bucky would be more dominant than him. The truth is, Tony was not an especially aggressive Alpha and he rarely met Alphas submissive to him.
Steve's head stuck up at the question and he raised a brow, clearly unimpressed. He wanted to say
"Considering the... intensity of your connection... have you tried to communicate with him?" asked Gleason.
me, Charlie.  Do you have a
"But I'm with Steve.  Steve can kick ass, I don't need--" whined Tony.
"Good morning, sir," said Jarvis, hurrying in.  Tony was digging through the cabinets, his hair sticking up in all directions.  "Let me do that, for you, sir, please.  Go ahead and sit."
When Tony called him a brat, Steve couldn't help but smile ruefully in a strange sense of victory.
He felt like SHIELD had done this on purpose, given them only
"Domestic bliss," said Natasha sarcastically.  Yet Steve couldn't help but notice the fond way she looked at Lila, the softness in his eyes he'd never seen before.
with omegologists?" asked Tony.
"Donner, don't be silly--" began Gideon
"Oh, give me a break.  Dad wasn't some civil rights messiah.  You think he thought omegas were equals?  Take a look at the board of Stark Industries.  Alphas and betas...  not a single goddamn omega.  Not one.  His business partner, Stane?  Alpha.  My mom?  Beta.  His military pals, drinking buddies?  All Alphas, baby.  Dad paid lip service to you and you lapped it up because, let's face it, the guy was a good looking son of a bitch.  But he had like, one or two omegas in his life, tops.  He cared as much about you as he did about me." Tony reached up to rub the scars around the reactor again.  The injections had taken away some of the stiffness in his neck and the rash was noticeably better, but it still hurt.
