Because, honestly, why would he bother with SUCH NEEDFUL thoughts if he weren’t being influenced by inherited genetics of a bleeding heart? It wasn’t him! The gleaned knowledge had been courtesy of ancestry.com. Analytical chemists and numerologists were, quite simply, wimps.
A glance at his alarm clock leaves him sighing, or a quiet sob-- he can’t tell. And proves for a disheartening, ensured 5 hours rest as a neon green ‘1:00 am’ blinks back from his nightstand. John slips off his stupid jumper and sweater, his muscles scream in burning retaliation from earlier rugby practice and casual belated-heroism at the motion, leaving him in thankfully loose jeans and a grey long-sleeved under-thing thing he doesn’t remember the name of. Some kind of shirt. Whatever. And kicks off his shoes.
He was almost glad, once you clawed through irrationally noxious hazes of anger and betrayal. Glad he wouldn't leave empty. As empty.
The glass door slammed behind him, causing the bell to ring shrilly. As though to alert tigers in zoo's of their feeding time. He couldn't think of a better metaphor at the moment, some chubby blond brat was already recording him on a cellphone. The blokes face went rosy and he attempted to act casual. Awkwardly speed-walking and half jogging away. It seemed like more of a defeated limp though. So casual.
And he had at first, quietly, as to not disturb their tolerant set-up. He read it in the way John went wary, then stiff at a strong, brazen tone that reeked of testosterone, superiority, and age as it called out with little regard to disturbing what they thought lesser folk.
“What’s wrong?” John asks, perhaps a bit too urgently as his eyes flick over the pained appendage being cradled by Sherlock’s other hand. And notices the red skin, looking tender and irritated. Bruises on hands or other tibia-like areas generally take around a few hours to show so there would be some definite bruising telling from the hue. No ruptured vein blocked by cracked bone, nor paling or bluish green discoloration from fractures. Thank god, he could do without a late-night visit to some chilly hospital in the middle of fucking nowhere.
Sherlock was an adolescent after all. Rather eschewed when messy indulgence and concupiscent affiliation with fellow juveniles came into play. Perhaps the alienation was too a much-needed safeguard to ride out his temporarily discombobulated hormones. It had worked handsomely as of late, though many a handsome face thrived here, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to even bother with (dare) a glance. But what Sherlock hadn’t counted on was waking up to a healthy, fit, young, attractive boy with a kind face and equally open nature, (clad in tight cotton, no less). Who’s face didn’t darken in bitter anger—if only in exasperation tinged fondly at his ‘antics’? Pulling Sherlock’s bony form into his own enviable musculature by his shoulders. He’d had what his body desires, the object of his curiosity and stomach aches, right before his nose. And feeding an intrigue by succeeding the impossibly infamous undertaking of making Sherlock’s world question itself. The perplexity it provoked was nearly maddening in its quantity.
John had never run so fast, and there’s a statement. Sliding to a stop at the end of the ridiculously short hall, a ridiculously short-lived sprint too, he entered the room and was met with the angelic sight of a pearly bowl.
This brat… John closes his eyes, an irked grin twitching at his lips, and baring his teeth. John feels the back of his neck burn and hisses out “Yes, orally.”
John didn't find her words patronizing whatsoever, to be truthful, he was glad that Sherlock had someone else looking out for him.
The man relaxed a bit, even as his eyes brightened from the company. "John Watson, the pleasure's all mine." He shook the offered hand and looked up, giving a smile of his own. Possibly a bit thankful as well. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" Sherlock released his hand and smiled closed-mouthed down at John. "A dance seems fitting." He suggested, pointedly observing the people around them.
“And where are you off to?” This appeared to have peaked Sherlock’s interest. Despite his tired features and weary posture, you could visibly see his eyes sharpen at the question. He wondered if this was what his patients had ever felt like under his laser eyed-care.
The man slid his blood shot eyes in John's direction and stared. John stared back unflinchingly, all too acquainted with the stare. You cannot allow them to feel superior or in control, God knows the result is anything but pretty. "Don't tell me what to do, fag." John felt surprise morph his features for a split second before he switched back to his stern mask. "Fine, just give me my money and we can be on our marry way." He growled the last bit, only to regret it not a moment later. The bloke's eyes narrowed almost imperceptively and his mouth twisted into a snarl. "I don't like your attitude, faggot."
"And to say thank you, I honestly don't know if I'd be here if it weren't for you. I'm forever in your debt." A little corny but he was feeling particularly self-loathing and maybe a little frustrated at the moment. This man had done nothing wrong. If asking for entitled privacy and being rude in retaliation for being tortured weekly was wrong, then John's casual abuse of assisting shopkeepers at Tesco's be damned. Well...double-damned.
“Fascinating,” John forces politeness. “I’m going to help you inside now. And then I’m taking your temperature.”
Cocking his head, considering, John crossed arms. “Yeah, we had a few other shameless gangs playing devil’s advocate by keeping their crimes clear as day. It did good to take the attention off.”
John sighed at his besotted-sack-of-potato-ness and turned. One foot stepping back onto the previous step in order to peer down at Sherlock. “Yes?”
"Well yeah, I just- look I just wanted to apologize for earlier. It was uncalled for." He admitted and felt embarrassment flare in his stomach. But Sherlock was looking at him now, so that was something.
“Pardon, but I couldn’t help but notice your grave error concerning beta carotene and nicotine. As high dosages of both play devil’s advocate for an amplified chance of cancer. Prostate and lung being most prominent in this case.” His voice shakes, hard. He coughs approximately four times in the midst of his opener, still sounds coherent and far more articulate than most would manage in his state. Still, embarrassment engulfs whatever minute flicker of pride ignites like an oil spill.
The security guard shook his head again. "I-I'm sorry, mam. I can't allow you to-" Moriarty turned back to the woman when he saw the security guards face go white. Watching in growing surprise as the woman's face formed an animalistic sneer.
John overstepped a few more suspicious items until he reached the shopkeeper, she'd been mumbling something rather obscene about dogs and men before he sharply cleared his throat. Effectively grabbing her attention before his face burned off.
Her delicate features formed a frown. "Even though you wouldn't have been the first one. So I knew something was wrong right off the bat."
to cool him down. His body seems to be evaporating the harsh liquid the second it comes in contact with his smoldering skin. It's as if he's his own breathing sauna, cleansing him from the inside out. It's intoxicating.
"Yes, father Gavin. So when shall I arrive to do everything your forensics team can't for you?" Sherlock asked snidely, nettled at Lestrade's imploring nature.
"I have actually, it was quite boring." Christie flushed in anger, for a moment looking as though she planned to hit him. John clenched his fist. Sherlock remained lax and seemingly patient as he stared her down. She then abruptly smiled, an unpleasant expression revealing crooked teeth. As if she'd solved the Da Vinci's code.
"Or you can bid your father's dream job good day." Anderson, your typical dream achieving sloth, leaping to bounds off his father's fortune. An heir was necessary and Sherlock pities their company. "Surely Greg wouldn't mind catching wind of your hobby." And Sherlock hardly remembers the headmaster's name, but he does now. This was not good.
Escaping the norm is merely a small victory, rather effortless on his part—practically handed to him on a silver platter, and when he refused said platter, it was slammed in his face. Hairline maxilla fractures were a dream--a blurry peer through swollen eyelids. It will never be enough, he doesn’t what it is but he wants to. To try. Is it worth it? If so then why? Probably isn’t but why ever not? So he’ll claw his way up, painful, smooth and slow at times. Or rushed, aimlessly excited and vaguely desperate at others. He’ll make a tower. He’ll build off of their Huggies stepping stool and make Empire State building architects cry at its sheer, palpable being.
John shrugged and wringed his fingers, the callouses typical of his preferred sport, must’ve gotten the ball quite often in high-school. But they hadn’t faded, practices with his friends on weekends? Did they join the same university too? “What’s the harm in one more time?”
Sherlock scoffed and released him, leaving him feeling warm. He leveled John with a wry stare, and questioned.
“I know, how about ‘Hi, I’m as straight as my hair and watch The Plague Dogs on lonely nights to stay grateful—.”
He quickly discarded the second layer of bandage onto the counter in front of him, fully expecting to see...a scratch, bruising,...punctures.  He was met with the sight of another thin layer. He rose a brow even as his lips twitched and squeezed the bandage between shaking fingers.
John looked through the window with a resigned sigh, it didn't appear to be letting up anytime soon. "Yes, that would be more wise wouldn't it?" He muttered rhetorically.
"Sir, are you alright? Sir!" A voice called to him in a strict voice, it was much closer now. "I need you to stay awake. Open your eyes damn it!" And open his eyes he did. He looked up and saw two clear blue eyes. They reminded him of ice. He shivered. "Sir, you need medical attention. I need to take you to my flat." The figure informed him, gently leaning him against a nearby wall. John didn't answer, either because he was too far gone and couldn't form coherent sentences or he was too busy staring into those eyes that appeared to stand out against the shadows, the illusion most likely induced by his kicked in cranium.
And so, Sherlock steps out of the occluding closet for the first time in an hour. Going by the time on the minuscule London Clock Tower ticking away in his wristwatch.
A disbelieving grimace now contorted the woman's expression as she looked at Lestrade. "You can't let him bring in a random to investigate a corpse. Much less the mayor's!"
Headlights glared at them from down the alleyway and turned off. Then repeated the action a few more times. He met the light unblinkingly, staring at the two yellow circles that seemed as intimidating as they did inevitable. "That's our signal, let's move." John nodded towards the van and began walking, paper bag in hand. Upon reaching a seemingly unused recycling bin and making to step over, John had noticed the lack of his companions footfalls.
He watched him leave, feeling beginnings of guilt weigh on his conscience. John sighed and glared at the kitchen walkway Sherlock disappeared through. He hadn't meant to snap like that.
John  generally tried to remain mature most of the time, it earned respect from his peers in his aspired field, but even he needed his moments. He was an impressionable 18 year old boy with hopes and dreams, and innocence. Porn hadn't corrupted him in every sense of the word.
Now smiling and looking pleased, Sherlock made to don the coat hanging by the door. “Precisely. Clever one aren’t you? Only took you fourteen minutes.”
Sherlock takes a bite of his half-eaten chocolate bar and plucks out his earphones with a poorly repressed sigh, his eyes steady on his stalker. It seems his chances to get farther ahead in his studies grew dimmer with every breath the psychotic vixen took.  “Has it not occurred to you that hermits are hermits for a reason?”
“But of course, you already know this. So what’s stopping you?” It was a simple question, just genuinely curious and slightly breathless from an earlier rant. It took no more than a second for his answer to present itself. It was immediate.
Cute. John rolls his eyes when he reaches the door and tosses back a, “I’ll be right back.” locking the door behind him.
“Are you done?” John asks behind him, voice taking on an impatient sigh. Patience Watson, think of him as a patient. Patience for patients. He could tell, right now. That Sherlock would make for great practice in this area for the next four years. Great, he gets exclusive training. If Sherlock even survives long enough to act as a medical dummy. John purses his lips and steps forward, palms spread and ready.
Lestrade managed to pull some strings and got him out of there. How he'd managed, John would never know. But he was left relatively alone after that.
Bleary eyes zero in on a full cupid’s bow as a spark of something brief makes him far braver than he’s ever remembered feeling.
“Say please.” John meets his demand with an impromptu request as polite as his admonishing smile, still fatally interested nonetheless.
John sighed and stepped closer to further scrutinize Sherlock's handy-work, as well as the scattered paraphernalia. "Fair enough. So, what was this comment about Neanderthals not being in style?" Sherlock's lips twitched at that. "The least you could do is dress yourself properly."
Indulgent self-destruction. Absurdism. Insanity. What a waste. And that’s all it is. Living and being alive appear to be two different things in the eyes of realist and a sociopath. Who knew? He does—surprise, surprise-- and he intends to make the most of his next seventeen years. And not by giving in to getting takeout or shagging a perfect stranger whenever he feels particularly aware of how dead he is inside. Nor every day.
“Cotton.” Sherlock feels his right eye tic violently as his mind’s eye is assaulted by copious imagery.
"Hey! Stop that!" A flashlight illuminates them from down the corridor to his right. It's blinding and just what he needs. The sweaty hand releases his mouth. Sherlock lets his jaw flex as he sinks down the chilled locker and onto the hard floor. He didn't have legs, maybe give them a break. He hears a light scuffle and muffled curses to his left, and refuses to turn and view their stumbling, predicted flee. Dress shoes pattering the pristine tile grow in volume to his right.
John had long removed his bandages, as they were no longer needed and soiled. Still ashamed that he had been so easily triggered, he was a doctor after all.
The sky was now visible due to their elevated location. The view no longer hidden by any trees or constructions. London's sky was littered with stars, all proud and glittering starkly in contrast to the vast, dark and indigo splotched sky. Moonlight reflected off sleek glass business buildings. Rooms in tall office and apartment buildings were alight, creating an almost mechanical pattern with ones that weren't. Vaguely reminding him of an extremely banal game. Tetris was it?
.” The ball, no longer le beanpole, corrects him. His usual prim timbre now sports and underlying, tired cadence. John eyes the crown of inky curls patiently, as it’s the only thing he can see, really--the boy was practically
Jesus Christ, how many sparking plugs and rope did a guy need? John was placing a rather horrific looking hammer to the side when Sherlock questioned his jean-clad behind at a rather startling volume. "What on earth are you looking for?!"
John winced into the coats collar as the poor soul inside dodged a can of something or other. Only for the bulletproof glass to repel it, effectively propelling the heavy grocery item back into the poor sods spine. Dear god, how old was the bloke? He should have suffered a slipped disk by now.
for reasons he's unwilling to look into. Reasons unnecessary to know. He hadn't even noticed his vocal pain and isn't that just the icing on the restraining order?
John made to shrug but winced and settled his head on Sherlock's shoulder with a sigh, watching as his frozen breath blew into the sky once more. "Are you thunder?" Sherlock glanced down at him. "Cleary not, I have a physical-"
As if catching himself, Sherlock squeezes his closed and shakes his head diminutively-all in the span of a second, and redirects his attention to Lestrade. "Still a consultant, mind you. I could leave you all to rot whenever." Sherlock chastised with a small faux grin. Then nothing. "When's the vacation?"
Sure, in the short span he’d spent with Sherlock, he could tell how seriously he took his job- consultancy. “Then why do you need
Sherlock lifted the neon-yellow police-tape, the color hurt his peripherals. Didn't want anyone running into it though. Morons. Allowing John to dunk underneath it as well, and
Sherlock scoffed and returned his attention to his 'experiment'. "Clearly not, the hostility is practically palpable."
“Sherlock, come on.” John finally coaxes him a bit firmer, hands coming up to grip his own dead ones clamping the bars. “You’re gonna die out here.”
Seemingly satisfied with the drop of subject, Sherlock leaned forward to pour John and himself some more tea. "When do you plan to leave? I would suggest you stay here until the blizzard lets up." He prompted with a brief look in Johns direction as he stirred in a sugar cube.
"John, right?" His head snapped up upon hearing the croaky use of his name. John cleared his throat. "Yes, that would be-that would be me, yes." He stumbled verbally and set his stern but neutral gaze on it-him.
The figure silently passed through the preoccupied security with ease and holding the suitcase with a tight grip. Entering the lift and pressing a button, she checked her watch and pulled out a sleek black phone and dialed a number with her left thumb- not once making a misspell and typing with impressive speed. The phone answered on the first ring.
Sherlock's keen gaze hadn't left them once.  John was cradling the corpse's head in his hands, already having determined the bullets starting point, and was peering into the mayor's wound. His face was uncomfortably close to the clammy, cool face of Abramson's, his lips nauseatingly parallel to his as he measured the distance between the entrance and exit wounds with measuring tape.
John squeezed his eyes shut and roughly scrubbed his thumb and forefinger over his eyelids, irritated. And suddenly feeling a bit overwhelmed with the situation.
Sherlock's keen gaze hadn't left them once.  John was cradling the corpse's head in his hands, already having determined the bullets starting point, and was peering into the mayor's wound. His face was uncomfortably close to the clammy, cool face of Abramson's, his lips nauseatingly parallel to his as he measured the distance between the entrance and exit wounds with measuring tape.
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
At first he'd been relieved, curious. John had questioned the change one evening, and was rewarded with one of the sweetest smiles he'd ever seen Sherlock give. Almost quelling him of his past concerns. And had been answered with a simple "Yoga." To which he'd laughed at until his stomach hurt. Sherlock had in kind. Then forgetting to bring up the subject even once more.
Sherlock just glared right back, only accentuating it with a disbelieving scoff. A true drama queen if John ever met one. “I’m sure your forty-year old
"Oh, thank god it's you." Sherlock sighed in relief and leaned against he counter, watching the previous bartender scurry away.
Regardless of their fantasies, it’s entertaining to taunt them and see their sweet-sixty faces flush rosy red at his, offensive and immoral at times, flee. And why? Ah, of course. They wish to condemn him to the life they’d sold their life to. It’s only fair he supposed, attempting to create a brief persona weaved with their coding and psychology.
Cocking his head, the noirette considered for a moment. Then ultimately shook their head. "Shame, wish I could say the same for your height."
John remained crouched and uncertain. "I'm not going to kill you, I would have done so earlier." The baritone voice drawled.
“You underestimate Oxford.” Sherlock grounds out, sounding irritable. “But yes, and I’d know that teamwork requires
"Thought I'd just stop by, pay her a visit, maybe take her out for lunch and hand her her file back over coffee, discuss our plans for the future." He smirked a little too devilishly at Lestrade for his taste. Then shrugged, looking forward again. "Semantics."
Swallowing, John went forward to take shelter from the heavy snowfall under the brown and yellow striped awning. John settled for knocking on the glass. Going inside would be simply life-threatening. A soldier he may be. John had commonsense and entering a war zone and Mrs. Hudson's café were currently two very different things.
Finally, Sherlock broke the silence. "Sentimentality is a disadvantage, a chemical defect found on the losing side, and it will kill you. You live a dangerous regimen, Watson. It's only a matter of time before it stabs you in the back...or shoots you in the shoulder."
All right, that was a bit too on point for John’s taste. So he snipes, aiming to discomfort and dissuade. “I appreciate the concern but it’s all consented.”
"You sure?" Mike asked looking unsure. He'd been wary after an incident with a nightly peddling a week ago, it was pretty brutal but he managed to make it out with no more serious than a bruise or two. Luckily, John had found them before things became anything too illegal and played the concerned citizen, threatening to call the police, and shooing the druggies off to their caves to recommence their druggie things.
!" ...A few moments passed before the infernal sounds resumed. Sherlock threw up his hands and huffed indignantly. John raised his eyebrows and glanced at the door, then back at him: unimpressed. "Are you going to get that?"
Today was Lord Mayor's Show. If you knew what that was then you'd know that on this day the mayor of London would lead a parade of over 6,000 people through the streets with military marching bands, Chinese acrobats- the whole shebang.
Sherlock pauses with an indifferent hum, even as unnamed bitterness spikes in his gut and curls his mouth into a scowl. “Romanticism must play a role, it always does. Heteronormative bliss goes quite far and the majority of the patriarch can never hope to up its counterpart at this rate. No matter their surety.”
Sneakers squeak against the tacky tile as Sherlock suddenly pulls his legs into his chest, hiding his face behind his knees. Letting out a sound that shocks John where he stands. It’s strangled and almost reluctant. Wet, and out of breath. John blinks down at the tightly fetal-positioned figure stupidly for a second. Unsure if he’d heard what he just heard.
“Oh, right. Go check with Mrs. Hudson. If there's an ounce of decency left in this building, chances are they gave it to her. Chances are slim if I might add.” Sherlock added, not sounding hesitant in the slightest.
John ceases typing at the force of his relief, and sighs. Okay, this was getting silly. The school’s hostility was pretty new to him though, so John rolls with it. And lets the relief flow. Sherlock wouldn’t be roaming the spiting halls, just a quick stop at their local grocery store. In and out. Simple. Safe. No reason for to have a sexuality crisis.
“I believe the correct term is ‘dry erase board’. And I mean:” Sherlock intones and forces himself to straighten up, curiosity blessedly piques past the buzzing hum of diluting anxiousness, oh his chest is still tight. Discreetly coughing past it with an impromptu inhale, he flicks his eyes over John with animated interest, genuine this time. He wants to. “Why are you attending homeroom when your attendance is prospectively taken when you attend your classes to grant you time for rugby practice? Much like the rest of your teammates.”
"You're free to leave now." John startled. The monotone sentence emitting from the slouching figure observing the rubber finger, again. There was no way it was real, but John still played along. Because why not? Sniffing at the dust tickling at his nose, John looked at him, rays of grey sunlight highlighting the dusty room. The blizzard had let up a bit, but snowfall remained resolute and John could feel cool air leaking through the window-frames.
"But-" She whirled on him and pulled Daryll towards her, smacking a repulsively wet and messy kiss on his lips. She clearly wasn't as experienced as she put off to be.  Daryll froze and blinked.
John inhaled, looked to the side, and muffled a scream. Before Sherlock could ask if he was hurt, a series of bangs assaulted the front door. After a few moments passed in contemplation of whether John should answer the door, three more knocks sounded, making him sympathize for their knuckles.
John nodded beside Sherlock, feeling proud and explained the math behind the projectile trauma. "The entrance wound is located on the back of the skull, 3.9 inches above the occipital protuberance and 0.7 inches to the right of the midline. The bullet exited by the right temple, 4.3 inches in front of, and below the entrance wound and 2.2 inches from the midline. Thus, the trajectory line intersects the western face of Hotel Mourir Est Un Art beside the Dal-Tex Building's right side. 33.5 feet north of the southern face and 124.6 feet above the roofline."
“Oh, but I adore picnics. They’re the bomb. And you know I love those just as well.” No twit, he’d been the talk of the cafeteria for a steady week after he’d accidentally flicked a Bunsen burner to 75 celsius with Mr. Moran’s arse. Their next substitute never quit after that, hell knew why.
At a bit of a loss now, John asks. “Do you want to talk about it?” Which was quite simply one of the stupidest things John could ever recall saying.
“So, I see you aren’t dead!” John chirps at the indisputable evidence of his ridiculous conversation opener sitting right in front of him. His arm comes up to rest on the ongoing seating behind Sherlock’s shoulders with a truly ridiculous smile. Although Sherlock isn’t so sure he won’t be dead for much longer if his thorax continues to prank him so cruelly.
to take it all, every throaty cough, every worryingly deep heave. Take it all, even as reflected neon street light swims in the liquid pooling his tear-ducts. The tears from the pending, unorthodox fortuity weighing over him. Making him think the worst, and the fear doesn’t cease, if it only magnifies. He doesn’t blink either, for some childish reason involving masochism and an attempt to recreate Sherlock’s pain. Maybe give him some relief at the mutual feel. Let them sting more than they already do. Even so, John finds a comfort of his own in Sherlock's weak grasp and the tears wetting his faker-sweater.
So they continued kicking the helpless man until their taunting shouts and John grunts and cries of pain were the only thing echoing off the walls. Kick after kick landed sharply on his torso, arms, and legs. He felt so vulnerable lying underneath these monsters, it was maddening. Never knowing when a blow was coming, there was no pattern, no order, just cold fear and apprehension pumping through his very being. Apparently, someone managed to find an opening in his makeshift head protection and landed a quick strike to the side of his face.
The male from before stepped forward. "Who are you?" The question had somehow been voiced like an insult.
The point comes punctual and sharp, and all Sherlock can do is sit back and let him give him a run-down on the obvious, idly wondering if Jim even breathed. So Sherlock listens aggrieved in turn, though he needn’t liquid nitrogen in his water bottle in some petty act of revenge if he decided to walk out. Which he would very much like to, he could deduce what Jim had eaten this morning from what little distance separated them. Raisin Bran. Jim really was far-gone, indeed.
"I am not a cop." Sherlock sneered at the word. “I'm a consultant. And if you must know why, it's because you would have ran away, ultimately freezing to death in your mad-dash to escape the
John turned his head to frown at him. "Yes, "A rock." if you want to put it dully. But it's a rock we're going to climb."
He reminded himself, because he could've sworn he could hear his own voice echo off the bathroom walls.
But it made for a bitter metaphor. A bitter independence. It was him against the world. Sure, he'd always be there for those in need, for those who asked. And with that he was content. Although recently, he'd begun to question his giving nature and its consumers, sure he continued his services... Perhaps for the selfish hope that it may be returned someday.
John feels his chest slowly warm, a new affection for the gift being elicited by Sherlock’s clinical depiction.
Not only had he awoken in a belated panic of stymieing blankets resembling a popular Mexican cuisine, but he’d also had it metastasize into full-blown fear amplified by his drowsy state when he’d managed to grow a brain cell and find Sherlock nowhere in sight. Memories of the night before spliced with far-fetched scenarios of what some might call an utterly artful fusillade and he
"'Invite me into the house of Christ'." He finished and regarded her impassively, rendering her silent. "I'm not particularly interested in subjecting myself to such bigoted adherents."
Sarah cocked her head confused. "Yeah." She said slowly and peeking up at Moriarty through inky black bangs
Sherlock stiffens a little and pushes at his chest, still weak from whatever he’s just experienced or weak in comparison to John’s anxious embrace. The initial frustration is extinguished in an instant, And his embrace only tightens at the resistance. John doesn’t know what would happen if he let go. John is afraid.
Sherlock blinked slowly, annoyance heavy on his features as he turned to look inside the café. “Mrs Hudson.”
Cocking his head, considering, John crossed arms. “Yeah, we had a few other shameless gangs playing devil’s advocate by keeping their crimes clear as day. It did good to take the attention off.”
He sees John glance sharply at him from the corner of his eye with a frown. Looking him up and down as Sherlock keeps himself outwardly unassuming and a bit slouched. What? He’s seen fellow students, both platonic and not in this position. It isn’t terribly stiff either.
“What? The cephalexin has evaporated into nothingness, so sorry to say. And why do you need it, have you contracted mastitis, mother hen?”
He was surprised to receive a disappointed twist of Sherlock's lips. "Possibly." John gawked. "You can't be serious, no one can do that."
Sherlock hums in question—might as well get introductions over with--, still scrawling up tedious trig. Yes ABC is a right angle at A, yes ABD and ABC apply to Pythagora’s theorem, yes he’s Birkbeck’s mathematical whore for the next four years. What does he get? X equating AC and AD and a triangle so aesthetically displeasing it makes his skin crawl.
“Yes, yes, now shush.” Sherlock interrupts him and sets his fingers in front of his lips while his gaze grows shrewd.
John complies with a sarcastic murmur of “So polite.” And sets him down legs first, keeping a hand by his lower back, only helpful when he finally stumbles.
Suddenly, Kevin smirked and hummed appreciatively. Sherlock hummed back in question as he sipped his now ridiculously iced drink.
John allowed his arms to drop to his sides, gasping for air until his spine arched off the ground.  Trying in vain to ignore the pounding in his skull and burning of his lungs. Everything else had started to go numb, which he couldn't help but be thankful for. Despite everything, it was a beautiful night, he mused. The faint yellow lamplight illuminating the snowfall. Spectating as it landed softly on our corrupted world without a care. The night sky was dark and vast, it reminded him of an accident, he'd spilled a bottle of ink all over his mother's writing desk when she tried to teach him how to sign his name in quill pen.  Except this time there was an array of shimmering stars, all on breathtaking display. John should've poured glitter on that bitch.
Sally didn't. "You can't just let him force you like this. It's ridiculous! For all we know this guy could be his drug dealer!"
"I'd be a hypocrite if I prosecuted someone for handling a few measly drugs." Sherlock stated indifferently.
Sherlock's head snapped up, a frown marring his features. "It's a prop. You have no reason to assume otherwise." Was that supposed to reassure him? John sighed leaning against the counter and sipped his tea with a grimace. The sight in front of him was nothing less than troubling but he wouldn't let it go to waste. He'd learned long ago not to waste luxuries, no matter how simple.
John felt angry tears burn his eyes as his chest seared with rage. He was fucking indignant at this point. Sherlock wasn't even retaliating. Why wasn't he retaliating?
John didn't know what it was with him and his stupidly vague answers. Not everyone caught on as quickly as his Highness. Nor could they magically recognize the buildings architecture type and decipher where said laundry machine unit was.
Sherlock  took a seat and tended to his resumes once more. "You can't possibly die from minute exposure to negative temperatures. And don't be so dramatic, it's only negative eight."
Sarah cleared her throat and glanced at the resolved woman standing next to her in question. She only grunted in assent, keeping her rather unnerving stare leveled on Sherlock. Had she even blinked since arrival? Sarah cleared her throat again and straightened her back, staring up at the intimidating figure as the blatant yet muted wrath rolled off him in waves.
Ignoring the alarmed "Sherlock wait!" he slammed the door open and disregarded the sound of the door banging into the wall. A shower of splinters separated Sherlock from them for a moment. That was going to leave another dent. Damn it. "
Then, for reasons unknown, John went completely lax at that. Another rough shake, a head flick, A knee to the butt. Still nothing. "Oh fucking hell." Sherlock cursed under his breath and hurried his pace. Mrs. Hudson better be awake.
He hears John smother a small cough. “Ah, likewise?” John agrees hesitantly. Sherlock mustn’t have sounded as accommodating as he first thought. “How old are you anyways?”
His chest seizes and he suddenly feels nauseous, he’s stuck for a second. Apart from the stuttered wet gasp he inhales at the question. Then, for the first time in a long time. Sherlock wants scream. He wants to wail, beat his knuckles bloody on brick, scratch himself up, bite his arms. He wants to hurt because
"Sir! You have to let me through, please!" He begged, his lip quivering violently. The security guard looked down at him nervously. "I'm sorry, sir. But no one is allowed to use the lift right now." Moriarty began to look angry and panicked. "You don't understand! My niece is still in there!" He sharply pointed out with both of his arms, his hands clenched into claws. His teeth were near gritting and tears were still running.
Sherlock, looking dazed, peered up at his assaulter. Appearing...resigned, Sherlock sighed and stood. Brushing nonexistent dust from his button-up haughtily.
“Of course—“ Sherlock begins in a light tone implying an imminent affirmative before turning the request down with the final two droned words, “I do.”
"Tell me, John. Do you enjoy romantic comedies?" And so startlingly cliché by norm. He found he quite liked it.
“What do you propose I do then? Eh?” Hissed John, sliding the shredded remains of his once-beloved jacked over his undershirt-clad torso. Having slipped the clean but lightly stained thing back on upon reentering. “Put all my boys at risk because you want me to go play with you?”
John just looked back at the pants clad cow skull with a sigh. Then back at Sherlock and cleared his throat. "Can I?" Sherlock just inclined his chin forward and hummed in question. "May I receive my pants from your cow skull?" Sherlock nodded in assent. "Everything else is in the washer below my floor." Sherlock added after he finished.
The rock also seemed to be perched above a body of water, telling from the large abutment to their right. Winds rippled the waters surface. The recycled light bending to the smooth surface’s ever flow and swish. The soft sound of waves hit the shore, tree’s leaves rustled faintly, easily heard from their close proximity to their treetops. He took a deep breath, allowing the fresh, dewy aroma to invade his senses. He shivered pleasantly when a bracing breeze rushed by, tousling his curls and icy winds whistling past his ears.
Sherlock sits back down and turns away to observe the meek CBD addict to Cujo’s right as he turns back to regard her with a pained glare of warning. Sherlock daintily twirls a lead pencil between his fingers after he blocks most peripheral sight onto her with the sides of his hood. Concluding an estimate of approximately ten more minutes of sufferable exposure before he leaves. (Teacher’s late and can’t get everyone to shut their gobs yet. Probably fucking the TA). And stately decides that people really are worse in person as he does so.
Sherlock lowered John onto the, thankfully smooth, cool stone below them. Placing his hands on John's waist and behind his neck, he proceeded to 'try and snog his brains out'. But John was making things a bit difficult by laughing into his mouth whenever his hands brushed a sensitive spot. "Strp leghing, Jehn." It didn't work.
“…I’m not particularly sure of what an axiom is, but I’ll take your word for it.” John reclines with a shrug, his left arm still draped along the pew behind Sherlock, his sprint appearing to catch up with him. Or sensing reluctance on Sherlock’s part to continue.
"Obviously, do catch up, John." Replied the passionately distracted beanpole. John would ask what was making him so antsy later...or not. Seeing as most distracted and barking mad geniuses probably weren't particularly interested in dull, Neanderthal drug dealers. Swallowing down a rather bitter emotion, John wryly responded. "Is she even in?"
Then is suddenly far more unsure than he initially found himself. And promptly shoots his hand back into his lap. No, no, no, no what if John is angry? Alarm shoots through his spine and coils like wire through the vertebrates. Had John been awake while Sherlock was awake and noticed him being what most would label as creepy while he was only experiencing a slight malfunction in his mobility?  But he…does not appear angry, nor particularly embarrassed. Just helplessly worried and nearly panicked, now. Not a threat.
“The hell if I know,” John remarks, tone snark but sounding a fond kind of resigned one would aim at a disobedient pet. But lightens at Sherlock’s look. “So, why are you giving me the silent treatment?” John asks, his honest curiosity bracketing two small lines between his eyebrows.
A small wooden clatter sounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker seeming to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
He ignored it. The hotels name rang a bell, it rang a few. Except they were all located in the deepest and most embarrassingly disused crevices of his mind. Seeming as though he could turn down a corridor and see its tail just whip around the corner before it scurried down another hall. Leaving nothing but alarm in its wake. He just couldn't
"Shut your fuckin' mouth!" The soldier growled, Brooklyn accent somehow thickening the revulsion in his voice.
"Yes, father Gavin. So when shall I arrive to do everything your forensics team can't for you?" Sherlock asked snidely, nettled at Lestrade's imploring nature.
“But of course, you already know this. So what’s stopping you?” It was a simple question, just genuinely curious and slightly breathless from an earlier rant. It took no more than a second for his answer to present itself. It was immediate.
John froze up the second the indignant sentence left the woman's mouth. Keeping his attention strictly on the bullet hole before him. Despite the fear and slight, sickening shame, John had to admit. He hadn't felt this alive in years, and had to fight the smile worming its way onto his features. Adrenaline was a hell of a drug.
Sarah heaved a breath, head tilted to the side to conceal her face, her small hand attempting to conceal any sounds. While John went worryingly quiet in the background.
Sherlock just blinks and does, lifting his tongue to hold the thermometer’s tip underneath the slimy appendage.
They refrained from putting up a white tent over the scene. Must have been a pain for Lestrade to convince them not to cover Charles. He seemed to know Sherlock quite well to be able to forsee such a detail. Maybe even similar in his investigating skills. Instead of just allowing people close to Charles to stifle their progress for reasons relating to dignity. Easily allowing them a decent view of the surrounding area. Buildings. Buildings in which their assassin had not long before hid just beyond. Everywhere. Joyous.
John overstepped a few more suspicious items until he reached the shopkeeper, she'd been mumbling something rather obscene about dogs and men before he sharply cleared his throat. Effectively grabbing her attention before his face burned off.
Not breaking the stare, John removed the coat carefully. As to not irritate his wounds. And handed the thing over, it was probably worth more than his childhood.
He pants once more, seeing a white cloud waft to eye-level and beyond, and thinks it's actually fire.
Sherlock enters the Masterlock's code, 314159, chuckling quietly. And sets his bags down. Leans forward to trifle through his rather messy locker, the files held in the cheap Manilla folders he borrowed from the main office keep slipping out, what a pain. He pushes aside another folder, pressing it against the steel inner wall, and searches with his left hand. The clutter now out of his way, and comes up with his research on mammal heme biosynthetic pathway and their mitochondrial and cytosolic enzymes, and disease brought on by inherited mutation and environmental factor. Labeled: Student Corporeality. Mandatory, no. Immature, yes.
Blinking, John huffed an incredulous little sound and cocked his head. John approached the kitchen table to get a better a look at him. His stomach was doing that weird squirmy thing when he was crossed between feeling nervous and wanting to laugh. "What you mean 'no'?"
John met his eyes for a moment and stared. Accidently starting a staring contest of sorts. Which mostly composed of John trying to label at least one shade of Sherlock's unusual eyes. Was that
Exhaling sharply, irate glare still in place, Greg tapped the glass of his wrist watch, making rapid little clicks. "
"Yes, lovely model it is isn't it? Browning, what a beauty. But it isn't mine." John's face went flat as he glanced between Sherlock and the firearm. "Then how did you
he intoned for a moment with an eagle gesture before sliding to the side. "-see it in my dreams do you know what? Do you know what?" He spoke quickly. "Walking along all of your broken body parts." He imitated walking warily over them, holding an invisible skirt in the air as he stared downwards with a fearful expression.
After a few tense minutes passed Sherlock turned towards the kitchen with a dramatic sigh and looked down at the area he was hidden behind. "You can come out now."
When a thought occurs. Sherlock’s bed flashes to the forefront of his vertical plate, its scattered order resembling a hoarder with OCD and far too many classes and/or hobbies than healthy. Jesus, had the guy even slept a wink since he’d gotten here? John couldn’t normally recall much after flopping face-first onto a pile of unfolded laundry warm from the sun glaring through his windowpane while he’d been slaving away in class, reciting gonorrhea to feminists all day. Not indulging in blissful unawareness was
And blinks as his hand is slowly eased from his control, a warm thumb brushes the underside of his wrist as it’s moved,  coaxing his bleeding calm with a hesitant sort of determination. Warm, slender fingers come up to rest over the lightly fisted ones of his right hand with care. Their laxly joined hands crumple the rustled bedding between them upon their swift descent with a quiet little pat.
John shivered as a particularly chilly breeze rushed by, tousling his hair and clothes. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans, hoping to salvage some blood flow before his fingers went numb. He’d just arrived and he felt as though the whipping winds were creating small creatures of ice to scamper beneath his jumper. Slithering and crawling leeches draining any and all warmth they were. Clenching his gloveless hands, John tried to recall the low for today's weather forecast he’d half-way listened to on the telly this morning. Damned distracting hand-gun.
He notices John glance up at him. His dark blue contrasting starkly from his dark-blond lashes, before he spins them around when a particularly mellifluous tune plays out. "No reason in particular, just thought I'd stop by." He replied with nonchalance, looking down in concentration. "Ah."
"I wasn't alone at first." John clenched his fists. Sherlock continued staring at him for a moment. Taking in his tired form, his glare faded to indifference. Finally, Sherlock broke the silence. "Sentimentality is a disadvantage, a chemical defect found on the losing side, and it will kill you. You live a dangerous regimen, Watson. It's only a matter of time before it stabs you in the back...or shoots you in the shoulder."
The first thing he registers is pale, washed out sunlight—courtesy of a dank sky fading into ozone, bleeding purplish hues that fade into crisp powder blue into gray down the city’s vastly edifice-littered skyline. The modern view patently visible from the fourth floor between open blinds, and sun nowhere in sight. The dim illumination cast over the gray comforter brushing his nose, level with his head, if not for the plush pillow it rested on. The crinkly pillowcase slightly obscures his left eye’s blurry vision.
“Why are you so concerned anyways?” John accuses gruffly and turns around, trying and succeeding in keeping up the tense atmosphere surrounding their domestic argument. It was sweet, that he cared.
He was quickly rewarded for his efforts with a swift foot to the stomach. John hunched forward and onto the ground, feeling the rough pavement slice the skin on his palms. Before he could recover or look up he was kicked in the side of the head-
!" He curses behind the palm when a tear breaks past. And tries to rip his fingers from the bone-creaking clasp, he didn't care if they broke. He didn't. He wishes his friend was here, he would help. Maybe Grain, Irene would swivel her hips and threaten to sue their pants off, maybe take Sally out to dinner afterwards. He needed
Sherlock smirked at his question and glanced down, nodding, then back into the carriage. "No idea. Take a look?"
“Is there a cure?” He asks, leaning over to steer Sherlock’s shivering form into their room. John needed to take his temperature, right now. If Sherlock’s temperature was beneath 95 degrees John would have to call an ambulance. That didn’t appear to be the case though, Sherlock was gaining feeling back into his hands and the color back in his face. Now just sharing likeness with a sulking kitten caught in down-poor.
She brushed a few stray hairs from her eyes. "I got a pretty good look at you then, yes." Then she shook her head a little, looking a little upset as though remembering something troubling. "Poor thing looked scared to death when he dragged you in."
Sherlock strapped the rest of the bandage in place and rose after loosening them diminutively but effectively. Brushing his hair out of his eyes he met Johns gaze. "None taken. Though, to answer your question, the scene was a tad too macabre for my taste." He answered and began clearing the stained remnants off the counter and into a small cylinder trash can John briefly noticed as he waited for his heaves to subside earlier. "Too?" John prompted.
Soon enough, the sound of fists striking flesh and bone filled the air. But, Sherlock was surprisingly silent. Despite having his head repeatedly whacked to and fro, his face undoubtedly decimating beneath the force by now.
John nodded beside Sherlock, feeling proud and explained the math behind the projectile trauma. "The entrance wound is located on the back of the skull, 3.9 inches above the occipital protuberance and 0.7 inches to the right of the midline. The bullet exited by the right temple, 4.3 inches in front of, and below the entrance wound and 2.2 inches from the midline. Thus, the trajectory line intersects the western face of Hotel Mourir Est Un Art beside the Dal-Tex Building's right side. 33.5 feet north of the southern face and 124.6 feet above the roofline."
Just then, he hears snickering and then a body slam against metal. And moaning. Loud, intentionally-whorish moaning a mere three feet from his locker. At least his door blocked them from view. "Oh," The squeaky voice suddenly mewls. "you're so big." The male growls pretentiously at the praise, the sound like that of a feral weasel's and seemingly into the girl's neck. "So big, baby."
John felt his chest freeze up a bit. Alarmed that all he'd had to do was conduct some simple math to be welcomed in so easily. Apparent colleague or not. Greg must have trusted Sherlock more than he let on, or he was a shit inspector. It made him fear for the institution's security for a moment. Until his rationality kicked on and told him this was a terrible, horrible, very not good thing for a criminal to involve himself in. What had he gotten himself into?
The odd sight results in an alarming, searing pang lurching in his chest and bottoming out his stomach. Sherlock stutters in his beckoning at the increased unease in his chest cavity, allowing the sign to lower just a bit before abruptly slamming it down onto the pale surface of the woodwork in front of him with a quiet crackle and
When a few more moments passed, and his itch for a glass between his fingers started to get the better of him,  he went to turn around. Prepared for whatever reaction awaited him. He didn’t care for whatever man your wife decided to let court her. Do your job damn it. "The usual, Mr. Holmes...?"
“Thought you knew, but here you were, blocking my path to boredom and sulking with a stick in your mouth. We all have our methods of compensation but isn’t this taking it a little far?”
of all places?" He questioned in amusement and a bit of incredulity as he watched the crowd dissipate.
Immoral moral: Sherlock hadn’t been careful enough, and his crash left him far more exhausted than he thought possible. Sherlock couldn’t count a number of times he’d scoffed at the idea of emotional drain weighing him down on his hands and toes combined, but in that moment, he found he couldn’t imagine a day in the life of John Watson.
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered to employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line.
again!” Anger reaches its peak astonishingly quickly as the jeering voices of his teammates goad him to (what John assumes to be true at least) chin them all. Why had he wanted this again? The first moment his team spares him a modicum of acknowledgment out of the field, they have to do it when he’s up to his ears in confusion, choking concern, arousal, a good bit of self-loathing, and a borderline-worrying dose of caffeine pumping through his veins with enough vigor to make his hands tremor. John hugs his arms beneath his knees tightly as he remains curled and chaotic.
John froze up the second the indignant sentence left the woman's mouth. Keeping his attention strictly on the bullet hole before him. Despite the fear and slight, sickening shame, John had to admit. He hadn't felt this alive in years, and had to fight the smile worming its way onto his features. Adrenaline was a hell of a drug.
In the end, John honest to god managed to defeat him. Which was strange considering Sherlock had taken to staring into the very depths of his soul since he'd first opened his eyes, finding himself in this...situation.
“That dastardly butterfly effect.” John blows out a sudden breath, making a quiet ‘whoosh’. “Can’t have that happen again now can we?”
The pain was unbearable. He'd never felt any this intense, not with dad, not in grade school, not even Afghanistan. His brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull.
And he sounds so sure of it, John could punch him. But he doesn’t, because Sherlock isn’t human, therefore he doesn’t eat or sleep. And John didn’t want to quicken his demise. Because that would be rude. Especially when he’s attempting to do the exact opposite. Because Sherlock was John’s friend, whether he knew it or not. And friends didn’t kill friends.
John sighs at his antics. Coach was definitely ex-military, lucky him. His name didn't exactly leave much to the imagination but he still had his head. And chucks the filthy ball into the nearby, wire cart. The ball becoming just a ball again, and rolling back to its twins. Leaving John with a warm, bodily ache. He sniffs, skin still steaming pleasantly, and lifts the bottom of his shirt up to wipe down his face.
Quickly discarding the second layer of bandage on the counter, he expected to see the edges of fresh purple blooming across his skin but was met with the sight of another thin layer.
Yet, he now burrows into him, melting into John’s resolute embrace as his curly mop nudges underneath John’s chin, making John’s nose twitch at the hairs tickling him there. Arms snaking beneath John’s leather jumper to grip the back of his sweater. Left wrist pressed to John’s back and his right fist bunching the fabric tight. Not quite a hug, but a small stability, a tentative acquisition to take what John has so readily given. Relenting, accepting, painfully accepting as his breathing worsens, as his apathetic demeanor splits and ruptures.
The skeletal man crawled out of the car and damn near towered over him, unblinking stare effortlessly pinning John in place. John didn't know whether to be thankful for sending Mike back or to damn him to hell in every language he knew. The man glanced at the bag he was holding, John looked down and noticed his white-knuckled grip on it and loosened his hand.
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much.
Almost immediately, her face took on a sweet appearance, as if she hadn't just compared a mans life to her red heel.
But he’s insane, you see? He’s a machine, constantly working. Working until he sees red, until his head aches and he needs to schedule prospective aspirins for later hours in hopes of lasting the rest of the day. He does it. For him and him only, he can’t stop if he wants to. Perhaps that’s why he refuses to share, handing over something so valuable and seemingly limitless to greedy hands—they could wring him dry, possibly. If they squeezed him at just the right angle, holding him there with a stiff, light shake before he could throw in the towel. He knows how they wish to commandeer his gears, trying to rearrange technology so advanced it would make their little permed and bald heads spin right off. It’s comical and almost makes him want to try. There’s another catch though, no one can. Statistic and probability concepts dictate they never will. Not even him.
Jim sighs at the pointless evasion and leans against the exit, hand coming up to grip the door knob at a rest. “Damn it, Sherly, I can smell your raging ovaries from here.”
The girl whines a bit as the male removes himself from her pliant grasp. He chuckles. "Well, well, well, if it isn't
John peers up at him at the question. (Huh, this was the first time he’d noticed their height difference. Funny.) Raises a brow, still seeming a bit miffed on Sherlock’s behalf. The idiot, he’d just alienate himself. John’s the type for status quo and social fluttering, was he not?
John’s eyebrow twitched, and he leant against the sturdy, mahogany railing. Appearing to try and further tower over Sherlock. Sherlock noticed the act but refrained commenting. Lest he get punched in the face again, no matter how silly it looked.
Greg eyed 'him' with interest, his arms crossed and holding a walkie-talkie between them as he silently judged.
"Mrs. Hudson. She's your landlady, yeah?" John questioned conversationally as he laced up his ratty converse sneakers. Jeez, even
How dull, he'd even been forced to recall his own upbringing. How long had he been in here? Ah. He turned his mussed head to view the window. A crisp grey sky was visible through the metal- steel, cheap as always- bars. Rising up from his fetal position and using the metal bed frame as leverage, as to not irritate his tender torso, he patted to the window barefoot. Breathing in deeply as he went. Dew, morning. Around 6 to 6:30 am. Still humid from last nights shower. Adding to its occluding moisture. Would've been a shame if they put him underground.
Apparently, Sherlock, presumptuous as ever, could not take a hint. But he could take a challenge. “Stockholm syndrome.”
Whimpering mostly in surprise rather than pain; he pulled back, although it was pretty painful it was nothing he hadn't dealt with before-but John seemed like he would be...gentle. "You bit me." he stated needlessly as he checked his mouth for blood. John's face quickly went concerned. "Blimey, are you alright? I didn't mean it, I swear! I was- you! Never mind, are you alright?" He crouched back on his heels and rested a hand on one of Sherlock's thighs that were resting on his own, squeezing it in concern.
“Drinking…” John looks a bit dazed so Sherlock blinks for him. It’s quite nice. “How could you possibly know about the drinking?”
Sherlock scowled and bit out a "God bless you both." and quietly closed the door as Christie's downturned eyes shown with tears.
Oh, not again. "Coming?" John coaxed at him, sporting an exaggerated glance of urgency in the direction of the van and a tight-lipped smile. Nothing, Mike remained by the wall, scuffing his shoe through the film of light snowfall, John blew a frustrated breath out of his nose. "Why don't you sit this one out?" John suggested, watching Mike switch his weight from one foot to the other, his pocketed hands twitched with impatience.
The door swung open and for a moment he feared he was going to be crushed by it, seeing as he was seated directly behind it, and braced himself. After a few moments he noticed the door had come to a solid stop just two inches from his toes and looked up. "Are you alright, John?" John felt his stomach clench in embarrassment. Managing to keep it from showing, he and stood up and answered with a curt. "Yes, thank you." To which Sherlock nodded and all but dove through the cabinet; fishing out a series of medical supplies and setting them on the counter. "I've managed to stitch the few deeper wounds on your torso and arms that you received from landing on the stray rock or debris. Your abrasions have mostly healed over the past 3 days with some salve."
He looked up at that. "Yes, please follow me." Lestrade strode into the hallway and made a turn after checking to see if Gavin was still following him. Carol had been recently hired as a U.S Secret Service Agent. Her ranking was impressive given her docile appearance but Lestrade couldn't question it. Now that he thought about it, the resemblance between the two was gone on him, they looked nothing alike.
A numbing burn, of what he assumes to be pain blooms in his right shoulder as it collides with a wooden shelf just behind, startled. A spare bucket topples off its wooden tower above him, a small clatter his only warning before the inner walls of the damned thing are smacking over his head and cracking his nose, painfully claiming his cranium as home. Just before he can get a good espy on the culprit of his disturbance, too.  “
But now John knew he'd found something much more relieving. And what. Sherlock had left at the either darkest hours of night, or duskiest of mornings. When he'd usually focus on conditioning John into remaining awake until whatever time it was he finished torturing him. All with his one of a kind, flawless, infernal violin performances.
"Tell me, John. Do you normally threaten people with guns when clad in neon red underwear? Seems bad for business." Sherlock looked down and back up pointedly with a small smirk. "Well, I suppose it depends on the type of business."
He sobers at the thought, sniffling and slides his shivering legs over the edge. His feet dangling four feet above a ground of hard, dehydrated soil now. And punctually times just in time to take a full blown blast to the back, the wind easily leaking through the fabric of his sweater and hoodie. “For g-god’s sake.” Sherlock hisses, freezing up again, his hands numb but arms desperate to salvage any warmth by hunching in on himself. Jeez, if he moves will he crack?
Sherlock just glared right back, only accentuating it with a disbelieving scoff. A true drama queen if John ever met one. “I’m sure your forty-year old
Sherlock gives him a small grin, his inky curls shadowing his eyes from the yellow lamplight above. Serving to make him look just a bit less helpless. “So, how’d you ruin the sweater your mom wanted you to wear yesterday?”
"Three packets. Pay up." John answered calmly. The man snatched the bag and dug through it while John held himself back from doing something in response to the rash action. The man mumbled a series of "Good. Good. Good." while he sifted through the bag and finally held out a packet of white powder.
Maybe he ought to be embarrassed, embarrassed that he’d lost his temper so astronomically in front of some bloke he’s been rooming with for…what was it? A few bloody buggering weeks?! But WAIT! Might as well just fantasize about him while we’re at it!
Gavin him an exasperated look though it looked like it was mostly aimed at himself. "You kept cutting me off. I tried to leave a few times but you kept on muttering about how you wanted to get this over with and calling me stupid kid." He pushed his glasses up his nose and tilted his chin up a bit, glaring at Lestrade as he stood up briskly. "I'm
12% of battery left. Three hours, and not a merciful soul in sight. A few had passed him in their scarce race for homeroom, but they’d either shared his ardor for raising the volume on their everyday melodies until it hurt their ears, were, once more, too hungover to hear, or simply loathed him. Out of boredom, Sherlock can’t feel his bum and considers leaning it down to let Cujo bite it so he knows it’s still there—
?  It’s a little more than just concerning for a person who prides themselves in noticing everything. Noticing everything against his will until it drives him mad and this had somehow slipped his attention—“What do I say?”
Setting two mugs of tea on the counter in front of John, he looked at the wall and let out a frustrated breath. "Is your head as hollow as that gun barrel?" He fixed his indifferent gaze back on John and gestured to the bullets in the wall sharply. "There's evidently six bullet holes in the wall and you couldn't have possibly slept through all of them. It's your gun, you should be able to tell."
Clenching his gloveless hands, John tried to recall the low for today's weather forecast he’d half-way listened to on the telly this morning. Damned distracting hand-gun. “Would you ask them to hurry the hell up?” Mike groaned, long cold and tired from their 4-minute wait. "We've been standing here for hours!"
“Now, that, I don’t believe.” Sherlock regains his composure nonetheless, as he mouths over the words slowly, giving a deliberate peer at John through his bangs and an unimpressed tilt of his head. The uncharacteristic action seems entirely appropriate for whatever worthless reason, but Sherlock feels it properly conveys the unmoved veneer he so fancies.
John chuckled and started up the stairs. Trying in vain to ease his trembling and rapidly beating heart. He was old damn it. “I’ll be gone by the time you get back, so if you plan on doing anything I’d suggest you make it snappy.” John didn’t know why he said it, he already knew Sherlock wouldn’t. And he fully expected to never see this man again. Surely the two situations couldn’t be correlated.
Nevertheless, he would look far too soft in the eyes for a boy who studied like he expected to bear the weight of the world on his shoulders by next week. (The boy must have extremely strict parents.)
"And to say thank you, I honestly don't know if I'd be here if it weren't for you. I'm forever in your debt." A little corny but he was feeling particularly self-loathing and maybe a little frustrated at the moment. This man had done nothing wrong. If asking for entitled privacy and being rude in retaliation for being tortured weekly was wrong, then John's casual abuse of assisting shopkeepers at Tesco's be damned. Well...double-damned.
Sherlock threw up his hands. "I can! I'm not surprised by your average intellect, I don't know why I suspected more." Sherlock threw a glare his way accompanied with a shake of his head. "After all, who in their right mind would meet up with a lot of druggies in alleyway
He’s crouched over his textbook, memorizing the time period in which a veristic imagine of marble mimicking some Roman politician from Otricoli had been sculpted. When suddenly a self-proclaimed bestfriend slams his textbook closed, nearly crushing his fingers in the act. Thank god his reflexes remained sharp throughout sleep deprivation. He’d be dead by now.
“Waste of money, and people will judge you for purchasing an extra helping.” Sherlock quips, attempting to invoke a sense of diffidence.
John chuckles tightly as his eyes bore into Sherlock’s own. If he kept that up Sherlock may just punch him for evoking even a diminutive yearn to submit beneath such an intense stare. John’s gaze softens, as his eyes stray to the prematurely removed scabs Sherlock had ripped off that morning before meeting his eyes once more, now lightly coagulated and less prominent. Though John’s eyes are still a stern emollient. Concernedly coy. “Just give me your damned phone.”
Sherlock scrutinized his features for a moment. Every sad little eye-crinkle, nervous shift of his eyebrows and tightness of his lips.
“You don’t even go outside.” And it’s true, John even asked if he was a vampire once, making Sherlock squint at him and ask if John was actually a dwarf.
“You’ve metastasized into this piteous, anthropomorphic ignoramus! Have you forgotten what they are? They’re chancers, voiceless lemmings, all slaves to their eternally eroding perspectives and actions built upon nothing but their almighty mood. Judgments hastily made that are only befitting what little irritant they decide can justify their inevitable dislike of you with! It doesn’t matter, the very moment they experience the slightest discomfort or you implore them to make the slightest of inquiries, maybe take a look in their oversized mirror—they suddenly just can’t do it anymore. Regardless of you, much less of your efforts or whatever say you may have in the given, no doubt boring, matter. You know what they say, YOLO! It’s outdated gospel for crying out loud.”
The world blurs a bit. And then he’s leaning against the sturdy pole so conveniently placed beside him, idly registering John’s stupidly warm hand gripping his bicep.
The glass door slammed behind him, causing the bell to ring shrilly. As though to alert tigers in zoo's of their feeding time. He couldn't think of a better metaphor at the moment, some chubby blond brat was already recording him on a cellphone. The blokes face went rosy and he attempted to act casual. Awkwardly speed-walking and half jogging away. It seemed like more of a defeated limp though. So casual.
John wanted to reach out and squeeze his shoulder in concern, Sarah looked as though she wanted to as well.
Well, not necessarily just him per se. Sherlock’s multitudinous cesspool of chaotic, hyperaware helplessness played a notable role as well. The steadily rising crescendo was reaching its mortifying climax, the aftermath of yesterday's spectacle now a crippling embarrassment, along with this… anxiousness that has always plagued his every vulnerability. Making him sick, the anticipation of a blow or heckle held no comfort in mere knowing, as it usually did. The initial fear of losing himself to his psychology or instinct was something god-awful, he lives for control. The loss of control never willing if he could or couldn’t help it. Even as realization dawned at the dreadfully irrepressible free-fall. Instinctual fight or flee stymied to snivels. Torture, bloody torture is what it was. People were nothing without control and it was nothing without him and that was that.
John didn't know what it was with him and his stupidly vague answers. Not everyone caught on as quickly as his Highness. Nor could they magically recognize the buildings architecture type and decipher where said laundry machine unit was.
Her stern eyes met his in an instant, pinning him in place. He abruptly felt like moving would be a crime, this stare he had been acquainted with many a time. He'd seen that steely determination in so many soldiers. So many. John abruptly felt a new respect swell within him for Mrs. Hudson. As well as a fear. For he'd never been on the receiving end of such a gaze.
Sherlock then exhales a very much not asleep breath. Practically melts into the mattress far more than already thought possible, and tilts his head farther into John’s red travel-pillow. Allotting him a better angle at his neck. John pauses at the movement, unsure if Sherlock was asking him to stop or not.
Upon catching sight of him her vaguely troubling expression subsided. Her face positively lighting up. Much like that smaller Christmas tree had been  but a moment ago. John frowned at her warily, where had the small, raging ball of condensed demonic vengeance gone?
"Obviously, do catch up, John." Replied the passionately distracted beanpole. John would ask what was making him so antsy later...or not. Seeing as most distracted and barking mad geniuses probably weren't particularly interested in dull, Neanderthal drug dealers. Swallowing down a rather bitter emotion, John wryly responded. "Is she even in?"
Sherlock slips the blanket off his shoulders and ambles away, no longer dying. Leaving a blinking John in his wake.
As it would turn out, Anderson wasn't as inebriated as he'd first assumed. And fully capable of fisting the front of his sweatshirt, lifting him up, and slamming his back into the metal lockers with a resounding clatter. It happens in a second, and it takes less than that to register the knuckles pressing into his collar bones, the sure grip on his shirt's material holding him there like a dog. And suddenly wants him to John instead. Because John wouldn't hurt him. He would coax Sherlock into being Sherlock, his hold gentle and face kind. Well, if threatening to sit on him could be classified as affection. And John was also curious. Not feral, face lined in deepening resentment, menacing. Threat. Enemy.
John squints at it for a second. Feels a small huff tickle past his lungs and through a tiny grin. Then blinks, feeling the stress straightening his back, wrung tight through his spine like wire abruptly unwind to a lax at the bratty little act. John hadn’t even noticed how tense he’d been until now. Breathing in at the much appreciated calm. He rolls his shoulders, feeling the blades tense and ease with a divine little crack. Then slides in, legs-first, beneath his cushy, grey comforter with a scratchy susurrus of jean and cotton. Keeping his distance even as a shiver wracks him from his spine to his toes. The room was unsurprisingly drafty. As it wasn’t his first rodeo here anymore, cool air leaked through their cheaply insulated walls on-the-nightly. The windows bore a physically painful resemblance to two portals wreaking the room with frigid air from the north and south pole. If cold were visible without the assistance of a damp mouth, John would bet no quid that a mist would obscure their hardwood floor like that American movie, The Fog was it? And is suddenly blessed with a lick of sense.
With a fairly derisive noise of repulsion, he rolls his neck to glower towards the front of the room and mutters acidly. “Hedonistic morons, all playing a never-ending game of Blind Man’s Buff.”
dictate you’ll live the rest of your days meeting clients in lots while you quiver in muted fear. All for some ridiculous sentiment you feel for your cowardly
John was thrashing and yelling at them now. His arms were twisted painfully behind his back, gripped at the wrists by the behemoth crouched at his side. He couldn't really tell what he was saying, something to do with them being wrong and this was wrong and they were
"Oh, thank you so much!" He quickly landed a kiss on each of her cheeks and ran into the elevator, still a blubbering mess as the maître d watched him go and held her cheeks with a soft blush and smile.
But the force of Sherlock’s hard sobs wrack his own chest, quite possibly equating the turmoil. And John
it?" Sherlock cocked his head with raised brows. "Didn't you hear me? I said a was-" He brought his lanky arm up and spun towards the wall and fired. "Bored!"
The figure silently passed through the preoccupied security with ease, holding the suitcase with a tight grip. Entering the lift and pressing a button, she checked her watch and pulled out a sleek black phone and dialed a number with her left thumb- not once making a misspell and typing with impressive speed. The phone answered on the first ring.
"Get back in the van and start the engine." The kid looked uncertainly at John and back at Jay and the other two guys. "Guys-guys come on we don't need to do this. Let's just go, we've got the-" One of the other men shouted without looking away from John. "Get back in the fucking van, Kyle!" His fists were clenched at his sides, eyes wide and manic. God, he seems worse than the first one. "Or maybe you could take his place?" He suggested, fury on him face daring him to. Kyle shot a look of remorse to a desperate looking John and left without a backward glance.
John gave him a small convincing smile. "Yeah, I'll be fine." He spoke quickly, there were drugs to be dealt and he didn't want them getting antsy. He'd seen addicts, he knew how far they'd go for a hit and what happened when they didn't get what they wanted when they wanted it. The last thing he needed was Mike holding him up, lest he faces the wrath of their little habit. "See you in a few days, Mike."
Sherlock suppresses a scoff rather poorly. Such a rumor did not exist, nor would it ever. He was well known, but wasn't
Instead he hums and carefully slots the tip of his shoe through both of the bag’s handles and lifts it high enough to grab it. Somehow balancing Sherlock’s slightly slumped form and himself on a foot to avoid bending over and risking bashing Sherlock’s head into the lockers again. John had lost his appetite a while ago but the kind gesture wasn’t lost on him, if a bit unexpected. He was inordinately touched nonetheless. Sherlock exhales at the movement and grips a shoulder in turn, stands straighter, and squints before blinking. Attempting to clear his blurry gaze. John waits. Sherlock gives him an awaited nudge, and they amble.
"Yeah, that would be me." He smiled, already feeling easy around her. She seemed like a strong woman, wise yet sweet. A true caretaker, a giver. She reminded him of a mother he never had.
After a moment, as John had almost nodded off at the rare care, Sherlock shuffles closer. His head now rests on the edge of John’s pillow, closer. A lot closer. Flecks of green stare back at him from an intricate orb of blue from beneath a shock of dark hair. Untamed.
Massacred their most distinguishing features, making their skull unrecognizable to its every curve, becoming a ragged, sharp edge to the bone. Hurling machetes at dead bodies happened to be loads more entertaining than a conservative whip. The more blood the better. Feeling the warm, seemingly endless supply of red life paint his body was exhilarating. It was wrong and it was right. He's always loved things he couldn't have. It left him glowing. Perhaps Elizabeth Bathory wasn't too far of with her beauty routine. John even complemented his fair complexion upon arriving from a local pub, lightly inebriated. He may have preened just a bit.
"You have no idea how long it took him to convince me to let you stay here and not call an ambulance. To not have the authorities take care of you instead." Knowing where this was going, John slouched his shoulders, beginning to feel a little silly in the extravagant coat.
A few beats passed and the woman's face grew in triumph. Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head back, face looking terribly troubled when he took a deep steadying breath. Exhaling shakily he looked back down at her looking as though he wanted to sob, but his eyes were far too dry.
He felt the back of his jacket violently ripped back by the collar. He made to take his jacket off and continue running but was caught at the wrists by his jacket and yanked backward. He roughly pulled himself out of the sleeves and turned to face them. Quickly coping with the fact that he couldn't run, couldn't hide, couldn't scream for help, he took a deep breath and swung at the first guy behind him, the one with his jacket, and landed the hit.
It doesn’t even come close to hitting its mark, instead just floating pathetically down to the carpeted floor after barely making it half-way.
“Scoot.” John demands tiredly, trying to give it some bite and somehow will the slumped silhouette away before he just decides to crush it beneath him and make it stop breathing and giving him prospective heart-attacks. But that would be counterproductive. So John waits approximately two seconds before he scoots Sherlock over himself. Albeit carefully. Lest Sherlock have more injuries than he let on—(the tackle had been necessary, all right?) And marvels somewhere subdued and muted at the back of his mind. At how soft and pliant the terrifyingly cold and horribly transfixing guy felt against his gentle maneuvering. Sherlock lets out a displeased, not pained, whine as John prods his fingertips against the side of his torso to push him closer to the wall. Stubbornly keeping his curly crown and lower half in place. The position left him looking like a giant, sprawled cat at a malleable arch. It was ridiculously immature. And somehow a little endearing, notwithstanding John’s crippling exhaustion and drunken yearning for time-travel.
He was roughly grabbed by the front of his grey dress shirt and slammed him against a nearby wall, his head coming in contact with the hollow drywall. Sherlock groaned and glared down at him in annoyance. "Oh, what is it now-" John cut him off with another slam into the wall, though it wasn't as harsh as the first. "What is
John frowned at him but said nothing, long before leaving the kitchen to observe the spectacle that was Sherlock. It was interesting to see. Two types of people, both so contrast. So disproportionate.  What people were willing to do to others, their effort to change one another due to their ideals. Their ideals being regarded as completely and utterly fallacious to the other. Constantly clashing, this was humanity after all, it was an everyday war. Quiet at times and loud at others. But Sherlock... someone as contrastive as him had yet to find anyone to share likeness. Let alone at all. John felt his chest spike with something familiar and gelid, he swallowed it.
After a few more deafening bangs echoed John realized he wasn't being shot at and cautiously rose to peek over the bed and around the room. He was alone, god his heart couldn't take this much stress. He approached the chipping door warily as memories started coming to. John gasped as a sharp pain shot through his torso when he reached down to use the bed frame as leverage. "Jesus Christ." He hissed through clenched teeth, reaching down to hold the bed frame with his other hand and wait for the pain to recede while he stared down.
Sherlock, now looking pleased and leafing through resumes for god knows what, answers him. "The laundry machine."
Scowling and damning Sherlock’s flawless but maddening deduction skills would get him nowhere. This he knew all too well. But he’d already made up his mind. He was right after all.
Kevin cocked his head at him, a sly grin slowly but surely baring his teeth. "Such a good friend, always looking out for me."
The man froze, sliding his unnervingly wide, bloodshot eyes in John's direction. And just... stared. John stared back unflinchingly, all too acquainted with such a stare. You cannot allow them to feel superior or in control, God knows the result is anything but pretty.
John took the bag from his hands, now turning the bagged bullet in his latex-gloved palms. He eyed the growing tensity between Anderson and Sherlock carefully.
Blinking, John huffed an incredulous little sound and cocked his head. John approached the kitchen table to get a better a look at him. His stomach was doing that weird squirmy thing when he was crossed between feeling nervous and wanting to laugh. "What you mean 'no'?"
“All right, all right that is quite enough.” Sherlock pushes the tops of Jim’s knees where they barricade either side of him, lightly taking him off what little balance he had maintained on the balls of his feet as he lands on his butt. What was it with psychopaths and his hair, honestly?
!" She took off towards the more populated areas of the hotel, dragging a dazed and confused Daryll in her wake.
“Be quiet! You’ll attract attention!” Hissed John, only performing a quick scan of the area after glaring at Mike in warning. They were alone as far as he could tell. Decaying brick wall, rough pavement, overflowing garbage cans and the stars acting as their only company for tonight’s peddling. “They should be here any minute now. Quit your whining.”
Ignoring his comment he asked. "Nice gun, where did you get it?" He watched tensely as Sherlock sauntered over to it and turned it in his hands with skill, face sending a quick polite smile at John again. "Yes, lovely model it is isn't it? A KP-01 SIG SAUER P226. But it isn't mine." Johns face went flat as he glanced between Sherlock and the firearm. "Then how did you
As the pain had become sufferable, he turned to Sherlock, glare no longer marred his worn face. "Where am I?" John observed him as he crossed the room.
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
“What? Uh, yeah. Absolutely. I mean—“ John stutters, seeming to have expected more resistance. But smoothens over a second later. “of course, of course, you can. Anytime you need to—want to. ”
John closes his eyes momentarily to collect himself against the entirely rational spike of anger, no matter how badly he wants to tell him exactly what it is. “You’ll be fine mate, your temperature’s above 95 and rising.” He assures and squeezes Sherlock’s knee. “Just need to warm up, okay?”
Sherlock threw up his hands and huffed indignantly. John raised his eyebrows and glanced at the door, then back at him: unimpressed. "Are you going to get that?"
"Absolutely not. I require an extra opinion." Sherlock silenced the detective's protest with an eye-roll and "An opinion conjured from actual artillery experience. Let us through, Grain."
"Yeah, I'll be out in a sec." A silent request to be left the fuck alone. Well, as silent as the blatant growl that accompanied his words could be. Seriously, was it too much to ask to be left alone after finding out your best and closest friend. So painfully and
When he found himself briefly wondering if this was similar to a necrophilia porno. And immediately blushed scarlet, his eye twitching from the long conditioned morality crisis his triggered mind bombarded him with accordingly. And shock, because come on. Did those even exist? John played it off by gruffly asking Sherlock if he wanted to help him do his own job. All in response to the panic Sherlock's inquisitive brow elicited. Sherlock just shook his head and leant against the open carriage door, all lax observation, and told him he was. Sherlock might have been able to tell, he wasn't sure, but it was an uncomfortable thought. The lengths of what the man could see. It was intimidating.
Then there was the guilt again. Awful, gooey, slithering guilt mucking up his insides. Its cause making his face burn in shame that has nothing and everything to do with Epiphany Boy’s (Dante’s, he’s Dante. Quarterback Dante arriving on time and actively dressing in uniform
Moriarty looked down at the activated fire alarm lever with pleasure and wiped his hands together. Then he looked up and saw the alarmed crowd rushing through the doors.
John squirmed more insistently and twisted his neck back to glare up at his captor. Why weren't they doing anything? This wasn't allowed! They couldn't brutalize criminals, much less innocents, for some personal fucking vendetta. This was madness! He told them so. The man above him just grimaced in disdain and fisted a hand in his hair, roughly smacking the left side of his face against the tile. Giving him a perfect view of the macabre spectacle. John couldn't look away if he wanted to. He could feel his brow sting, he was probably bleeding.
"Who would be out in this flurry?" John asked a bit stumped at the idea of someone driving, much less
“Wait. How did you know my mother gave it to me?” John questions, leaning over in suspicion. He hadn’t told Sherlock a lick about his personal life. How far did his hacking weave?
"Mrs. Hudson. She's your landlady, yeah?" John questioned conversationally as he laced up his ratty converse sneakers. Jeez, even
John swallowed and chuckled a bit, a strange little sound, and slid to the floor. The knocking continued.
That bastard. That fucking bastard. He couldn't believe he'd fallen for such a ridiculous act. Hospitality provided by the one and only Dracula himself no less. Sherlock's every word was coated with thick disinterest, so thick John would choke on it if those eyes weren't so keen. His every movement arrogant and sure, yet annoyingly graceful all the same. All he'd had to do was bat his lashes, rattle off some extraordinary deduction, and give him an intimation of something more.
The internet had been his eleventh attempt to quell his "stir-crazy" as Mrs. Hudson had so kindly put it, but it had only satisfied him for so long, he'd even resorted to a cat video ('a'. Not plural. One.). If only to see what all the fuss was about. It wasn't really his cup of tea, though he now understood how one could become obsessed with such garbage.
John reached forward to splay a palm onto the mattress before Sherlock decided to drop him. Practically passing out once his legs made onto the bed. He didn't notice the figure above still remained until he felt bedding slide over his person. "Thanks, mate."
To which Sherlock derisively questioned his partners timeframes and asking when their next reprisal was scheduled. That John, the idiot, finally relented. Now he was seated on the plush chair next to Sherlock's with his hands clutching the arm rests as he leant forward. An incredulous expression marred his bruised face.
Clutching the coat tighter around himself, to steel himself for what, he didn't know, and entered the lioness's den. For some reason, the thought arose an old tune, it ultimately bled into an entire song by the time he reached the door. He concentrated on the tune, wanting to chuckle as the words weaved themselves together from memory. Memory he hadn't even known he possessed.
-- so it was a joy to find this one, he’d had enough of patrol questioning his residency due to his younger age. Sherlock bought five. Now, if only John would
“Happiness awaits." Sherlock sighs tiredly and rises from the floor, grabbing his hieroglyphic binder as he goes. And drops his ramen into the cylinder metal garbage can after pushing the bottom lever down with his toe, causing the cover to flip open to accept his unwanted jail-food. “I’m off.”
"And that's a wrap!" Coach Cockroach yells from his position on the sidelines and underneath the bench's steel awning. Fucker-Kyle must have reached the line. "Now get to the showers before my poor mother starts hacking in her grave, you all smell like crap!"
The position almost coquettish, if John didn’t know any better. He wonders if he should be alarmed at the apparent stare, though he only ponders the strangeness of it with a fleeting frown, eyes tracing over slender shoulders hunched and crimped up to level on either side of a sharp jaw. Contours shapely despite his features looking soft in appearance. Serene, pliant and mellow. It makes something slow and warm bloom in John’s chest through his groggy daze. So he grins back, feeling like he’s missing something terribly important but not terribly urgent. And still pleased to have this sweetly scary boy in his bed looking at him like that.
"Yeah," Sherlock' voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my many inhibitions, all whilst I hang above a fiery pit. For all of eternity." His voice gradually became dull and wry.
Kevin shrugged and lowered his hand, still smirking and ogling said 'him'. "Yeah, you say it isn't really your area but," Kevin chuckled quietly and looked up. "I've seen you leave with a guy every now and again." Sherlock frowned and glanced down at him.
"Juvenile." Sherlock hissed, although it must have been difficult to take it to heart when his lips kept tugging at the corners like that.
In the end, John honest to god managed to defeat him. Which was strange considering Sherlock had taken to staring into the very depths of his soul since he'd first opened his eyes, finding himself in this...situation.
John hums in contemplation, a light little sound strange and alien to the usually still atmosphere. But pleasing in its unfamiliar tenor, like a fine tune open to rise and dip for melodies beyond imagination. And evincing of a blessedly calm semester since the boy wouldn't sound like a yowling cat and Sherlock needn't worry about jail time for throwing shoes. “I could’ve
If john's mind were a race horse he'd be trampling through the spectator aisles. Oh god what would happen if Mike got in trouble? He'd never forgive himself. And if the police managed to track his dealings back to his customers, his system and contacts would all be irrevocably fucked, maybe even more so than America was at the moment.
Nor the rather macabre mental image that flutters to the fore-front of his mind, enticing and innocent. As he repeatedly bashes Mr. No-Name-No-Face’s face repetitively into the steel beige locker responsible for Sherlock’s forced, cranial harm. The cranium housing brilliance worth bounds more than Mr. No-Name-No-Face’s currently hypothetically-mutilated-and-gradually-decimating face beneath the force of John’s unrealistic, fantasy-induced, strong grip on his bastardly little noggin as he inflicts the unrelenting battery.
“Over there! That’s a bloke!” The girl shrieks behind him, her accusatory squeak of a voice no longer sounding all that desirable.
John’s hand grasped the counter and he stared at fine marble, contents of his stomach beginning to feel unsettled. Was he..was he rooming with a serial killer and his deranged landlady? How had this happened? He thought the finger was fake! Sherlock had to be kidding! Even though Sherlock looked as though he couldn’t laugh if he were held at gunpoint…well, until earlier.
“Why are you always so eager to please?” Sherlock asks him one day, seated on the floor with the solar system spread out before him. The laminated paper reflects the fluorescent light shining from the desk lamp adjusted above it. Warping planes and galaxies of shades mint green, black and mango to pale pinks and sultry purples--small stars, and white specks littered around it. The poster was almost as large as Sherlock when he spread it from its stored roll and duck-taped the corners to the ground. He didn’t even bother cleaning up, just shoved all of his work beneath his bed. At least John’s side was spared.
“Oh, right. Go check with Mrs. Hudson. If there's an ounce of decency left in this building, chances are they gave it to her. Chances are slim if I might add.” Sherlock added, not sounding hesitant in the slightest.
“’Give me space and get out of my face!’” Irene says, grandly voicing the retarded motto some mediocre twat had probably conjured up over a blunt after their ‘hermit’ crush told them to stop stalking them on social media. “That’s the motto of a very common creature nowadays—the ‘Urban Hermit’. They don’t want to be bothered by others and their self-manifestations.”
John, now sitting cross-legged beside in favor of his previous position, scooted closer to lean against his shoulder. "…Yes. On occasion.."
Though being labeled as unable to tell his forehead from his diencephalon was remarkably rude. “Pardon my untimely interruption, but where the hell have you derived this fanciful notion of this swooning-maiden apropos applying to me?” Sherlock’s eyes feel dry, probably due to the fact Jim has taken on a similar speaking pattern to a jet engine or from his own intrinsic habit of jolting awake after going in REM for four to six hours is acting up. Sherlock scrubs his eyes roughly and grimaces at Jim’s face in distaste.
Well, at first. Now it’s congealed into a rather formidable iceberg he’s taken impressive care to steer clear of.
“Somehow I also highly doubt you’d be so reckless. There have been no records regarding drug-dealings in your area. It’s admittedly impressive. You’ve managed to evade the map completely.”
“Uh,” John drawls and frowns for a moment before his brows twitch up in wide-eyed panic. “No, wait—”
John wasn't amused and didn't look into how they obtained the van and kept walking forward. When he was within one yard of the van he could tell something was off, he could hear whispering and banging. He debated just booking it right then and there. Just as he took a step back the door slid open and he was met with the wide-eyed gaze of a malnourished, pale and tired looking man. He had stubble and acne on his jaw while his eyes were worryingly bloodshot. This was a bad idea. John kept his face carefully blank and waited.
After he got his wallet back. Couldn’t have his name and face on a wanted poster. Nope, that would just be bad for business.
"Sir, you need medical attention. I need to take you to my flat." The figure informed him, gently leaning him against a nearby wall. John didn't answer, either because he was too far gone and couldn't form coherent sentences or he was too busy staring into those eyes that appeared to stand out against the shadows. Probably induced by his kicked-in cranium.
John frowned at the muted mischief on Sherlock's face. Narrowing his eyes and crossing his bare arms again, John recalled something else rather distinguishing about Neanderthals.
Just because they may harbor an affinity for creamy wool and allow their mothers to kiss their cheeks three times more than strictly necessary before they depart does not excuse such a vital facet. It simply does not.
"Hello~" A voice on the other line cooed. "I've successfully made it to the lift without so much as a second glance. So far we're in the clear. I'll notify you once I've reached the 12th floor." She informed them curtly." The latter answered with a casual. "Awe, sweetheart. I miss you too, I'll meet you there alright? I've also got little Sarah with me. She can't wait to see you." She heard a little girl laugh on the other end of the line and felt tears burn her eyes. Quickly wiping her eyes on her sleeve she gripped the phone harder and glanced venomously towards it. "We're thinking about going out for ice cream afterwards, is that alright?" She remained obediently silent. "Great! We'll see you there!" And the line went dead.
With a lamp on his far right being the only source of light, it was still fairly easy to make out his surroundings. A bedroom, the area itself was extremely tidy and seemingly unused, a mug of water and orange prescription bottle were seated honestly beside him.
In foresight, that wouldn’t be the best of ideas. Apart from it being painfully selfish it would also burst whatever notion Sherlock had ever harbored of him not being an utter moron, it was just plain wrong.
Which left him bereft in revelation. A prominent likelihood far too much of a…well, a prominent likelihood to be ignored.
accidently letting it smack Greg in the head upon releasing it. Yeah, he saw that. John muttered an apology to him before catching up with Sherlock's long strides.
“—yeah, yeah I’ll take an energy drink.” John grounds out, glaring at the 300 out of 1000 word essay due by tomorrow afternoon. “ta.”
Sherlock shrugged. "I know a few, unfortunately." He muttered as he recalled an incident with a very excitable Molly Hooper, and steepled his fingers beneath his chin; observing the way John's eyes gleamed when the fluorescent lighting above hit them from an angle. John met his eyes serenely.
And open his eyes he did. He looked up and saw two clear blue eyes. They reminded him of ice. He shivered.
Fuck. John smiled slightly and put on an expression of what he hoped was sheepish and apologetic; scrubbing the back of his head. "Yeah, sorry, mate. Today's just been rough and all. You know what I mean." He glanced behind him and into the van and felt dread seep into his insides. He wasn't alone with the creep, he could've possibly taken the stick on himself if need be. Now all he could do was play nice and hope the junky still had an ounce of mercy in him, and not just animalistic urge to fight and get an adrenaline rush, as he had bared witness to many a time. "What's that supposed to mean?" He spoke lowly and took a step forward. John held his ground; eyes never leaving his.
The fist in his hair tightened until his eyes watered. His head then slammed into the tile once more, a sharp movement making the flesh of left cheek and brow go numb. Leaving him dazed, the lights above him were a blinding swirl of white and opalescent color.
...alright, perhaps John was a tad start-struck, after all Sherlock had solved three cases on the X files and claimed the correct fathers of two children on The Maury Show.
“So you want me to accompany you so I can guess the trajectory of the bullet by looking through the hole in our poor mayor’s head?”
“Pleased to make your acquaintance.” He subsequently smoothens politely, calling back on his inner-clinical. “I look forward to our rooming this year.”
The thin corner of John’s lips twitches wryly in time with a blond eyebrow. A convoluted contradiction hinting at a perplexing, nonplussed amusement. Why—Why in this godforsaken world of impatient, insufferable bastards did this boy seem to be the one, freakish, half-way-there exception?
“This,” Sherlock says, poking at his instant ramen cup with a plastic spork. “is why I can’t go to jail.”
Not breaking the stare, John removed the coat carefully. As to not irritate his wounds. And handed the thing over, it was probably worth more than his childhood.
“Did you, now?” John breaks it, apparently pleased to continue pursuing how Sherlock had read his sister’s life like a book. Like a phone? And Sherlock was supposed to be extramundane, hm?
Wait. "You left my sopping wet laundry in the machine for three days? It's probably all molded by now." John almost whined, suddenly regretting ever leaving that night. He really liked that jumper...
Sarah cocked her head confused. "Yeah." She said slowly and peeking up at Moriarty through inky black bangs. "Great! You'll find mommy in the door with the number 276 on it." He pointed at the key for emphasis. He ushered her into the lift and pressed the 12th button. "Bye-bye, Sarah." He waved with a grin. "Bye-bye, Uncle Gavin!"
Just for kicks. To make them ache for it. A small part of him will revel in being better (more so than usual he rationalizes), anything less would be unacceptable. He doesn’t know why that is and he knows why quite well.
Anderson scoffed at him and tossed over a plastic sandwich bag. "Show some respect would you? It's the mayor for christ's sake."
Sherlock pants out a breath and leans his shoulder against a nearby rotting shed. Taking a moment to catch his breath, the frigid air feels like knives to inhale. He really needs to start jogging if he’s going to keep this up.
. He manages to grab a rotten stick, it having rotten off a nearby oak from the gelid weather, before scaling the metallic structure with enough grace to make his knees ache.
. She turned to the security guard patiently and said. "It will only take him a moment to get his niece, their room is only on floor twelve. Let him through." The security guard shook his head again. "I-I'm sorry, mam. I can't allow you to-" Moriarty turned back to the woman when he saw the security guards face go white and watched in growing surprise as the woman's face formed an animalistic sneer.
“No,” John disagrees, looking down at his crumbling sandwich, then flicks a gnat off the soppy bread. “But it’ll kill us in the mean time.”
He'd even dissolved his victims teeth in a small pot of boiling lye. Just an experiment, John. Shame, they would have made for lovely souvenirs and reference to oral dissolution.
Sherlock throws his arms up, “Because I’m still breathing!” before bringing them back down and clenching them into frustrated claws, and thrusts them down at the poster. “Why can’t Pluto be a planet too?! Because it resides on Kuiper’s belt?! Because it was discovered
John appears to have managed to escape his sight. Most likely sneaking into the small park while he stared at Cujo’s instant exorcism incredulously.
You know what they say. When one door closes, another one opens. Moriarty walked down the red carpeted hallway . Smiling when he caught sight of the open hotel door. Key still in the key-hole. That little girl was going places.
In lieu of getting his scrawny form retaliated against or bloodied, he answers, “Something like that.” Still not worth the expulsion. And what would a few diplomas hurt? He’s not a coward, he has common sense. And provoking an athlete in his willowy three-days-awake-and-going-down state would be plain cruel.
But it was principle, it was easy to and he needed easy then, if only for a little while. Old habits died hard for the dead. Then John had hauled someone ¼ more than the height of his compact form back to their dorm with one arm, albeit with a care Sherlock never could have envisioned himself being on the receiving end of. It was nice, in a rather unorthodox way, but…pleasant. He wouldn’t mind if John found it necessary to give his own silly little brand of masochistic comfort again—And there it is again, shut it down already.
“Be quiet! You’ll attract attention!” Hissed John, only performing a quick scan of the area after glaring at Mike in warning. They were alone as far as he could tell. Decaying brick wall, rough pavement, overflowing garbage cans and the stars acting as their only company for tonight’s peddling. “They should be here any minute now. Quit your whining.”
Mike was a rather thick and stocky fellow. And he was strong, don't get him wrong, but his resolve was pretty weak. John gave him a small convincing smile. "Yeah, I'll be fine." He spoke quickly, there were drugs to be dealt and he didn't want them getting antsy. He'd seen addicts, he knew how far they'd go for a hit and what happened when they didn't get what they wanted when they wanted it. The last thing he needed was Mike holding him up, lest he face the wrath of their little habit. "See you in a few days, Mike."
“Psychic?” John asks again, the sound of a suitcase hitting the bare mattress makes a thump. And for a moment, Sherlock considers punching John for his reply, getting himself expelled instead, that’s actually not an awful idea.
Instead, John crosses the twelve inches of space separating them and grips Sherlock’s wrist, slipping the lanky, left arm over his shoulders in one swift motion. After recalling how Sherlock refused to be consoled until he truly had no choice and had literally exploded into a coup de grace of unprecedented hysterics. Like hell the stubborn bastard would ask for anything more—probably under the moronic notion that John wouldn’t mind mollycoddling the contrastively daft creature with something akin to liberated wonder--, or accept anything as emasculating as being carried bridal-style down the corridor like a princess. Or maybe a
"Did I pass?" Sherlock panted out as he collapsed beside John, were those tears in his eyes? “  Absolutely." John replied a tinge sarcastic and glanced in his direction. Leaning back onto his hands with his legs stretched out in front of him.
“Obviously, how else?” Flawless. Just the right tint of fuck-off and he’s going to die by next month, can’t wait.
Sherlock lowered the phone to his side, eyes suddenly taking interest in the flurry's erratic pattern and not bothering to hang up. Waste of effort. The phone crackled by his side, something sounding like:
what you're calling yourself?" A deeply unimpressed scoff. " How bland. How's your autobiography "Pushing up Daisies" coming along? Any of those deep, clever, morbid sexual interpretations of yours get you kissed yet?
“Yeah.” Lightly bouncing on his left leg, John looks up and ceases his steeling grip on the railing. “Let’s.”
Briefly bringing their hands palm-to-palm and allowing John a rather clear view of their size difference. Sherlock glides his lower and over the back of his hand, as John had taken on a similar slouch at the intimate action and bent his arms at a similar angle to Sherlock’s own, to brush along his upper wrist. When had that happened, again? John frowns lightly and resumes his watch on his friend’s ministrations. Over his ulna, John recites faintly, the world still a subdued lilt beyond a placid haze. Fingers form a lightly stiff touch to slide up his forearm, a slight tickle never giving way to a giggle. Just a soundly tender caress as it glides over the fabric of his thermal and higher. The soft graze comes to a rest on his bicep and slides down once more. Small brushes of thumb punctuate light pauses to soothe on their repetitive, gentle journey. Indulgent and infinitely patient, awaiting nothing and merely doing. John can’t help but fleetingly wonder if this was Sherlock repaying him for last night’s spiel.
A shadow shades him from the flickering fluorescent light above. Sherlock peers up to see the man leaning against the locker next to his, his arm pushing the door completely open to use it as a wall. Eyes bloodshot and cheeks flushed. Inebriated indefinitely. And sighs, he really hates it when he's right. Sometimes. Sherlock frowns and rises to his full height, which wasn't to its peak yet and allowed Anderson a few inches on him.
Moriarty ran through the crowd, appearing to be desperately looking for something. Big fat messy tears dripping down his face. Then he looked startled, like he'd just remembered something very important, and turned to the elevator.
Thankfully, John is heedless of his revelation. That’s… good. A good thing. Yes. Right? Well, relatively speaking—
“Yeah.” Lightly bouncing on his left leg, John looks up and ceases his steeling grip on the railing. “Let’s.”
"That's enough Phil," Sally says again, sounding reasonably fearful for herself now. "He's getting loud." And that just makes Sherlock want to laugh and laugh and
Sherlock didn't spare the man a glance. Nor a word. And stepped away, closer to the slouched corpse, his finger curled beneath his chin in thought.
“No, no, nononononono—“ John, human-esque John, naïvely-loyal-to-a-conditioned-cause with smiles bright enough to burn eyes from plasma screens and in possession of a giving spirit so equanimous-ly bright as well it seems just shy of masochistic. Appears to have undertaken a sociopathic narcissist intimately aware of humanity’s ruthless system obscured by its own whim in a self-given advantage. Whom of which has also endeavored to remain as autonomous and passionately blacklisted as he could manage without being accused of practicing vivisection on babies. At his worst, Sherlock entertains the occasional sadistic streak on behalf of those rejecting rejectee's despite them all desiring the same, placidly exact, thing. (Efficacious brain cell usage, people, it’s not strictly arithmetic, don’t fret.)
"You must be John! How are you fairing, dear? I'm sorry I haven't been up to check on you both lately." She set aside her broom in favor of her new guest.
Sherlock brushes himself off with still-trembling hands—how annoying, and retaliates with. “As is manhandling people off gym equipment.” Weak, but he’s still a little surprised and just a bit dizzy from the change in position.
He ignored it. The hotels name rang a bell, it rang a few. Except they were all located in the deepest and most embarrassingly disused crevices of his mind. Seeming as though he could turn down a corridor and see its tail just whip around the corner before it scurried down another hall. Leaving nothing but alarm in its wake. He just couldn't
"Get over here, Watson!" A stern shout called, John looked up to see the tail-end of a trench coat disappear behind ceremonial cart's open door. He felt a little light on the title. Steadily going higher. John hadn't been called formally since his army days, it sent a shiver of nostalgia down his spine. John found he liked it. He liked it a lot.
And for a fleeting moment, he considered ripping his eyeballs out of their sockets in attempt to give his rapidly pressurizing skull relief. He couldn't breathe. Oh god he couldn't fucking breathe. He needed to breathe.
"Breaking all your fingers underneath my leather shoes- they're Santoni too!" Moriarty crooned and shuffled his feet towards the mayors demise. "Watching as you scream and cry in pain-ugh-AHHHH-NO-STOP-though it will almost always be in vain." He created a series of suffering sounds during the middle of his verse. Leaning down to the rifles level. "Silly Lestrade, thinking you could stop me-more specifically my bullets velocity-but you failed soooo." He cocked the gun and aimed the scope.  Charles Abramson's pretty little head blissfully unaware of the red dot painting his fore head as he waved excitedly at his fans through the silk red curtain. He finished the verse with pursed lips and one widened eye. "Mister Charles Abe's has gotta go, gotta go." Oh, how he loved the deafening bang rifles made. A shame he'd had to use a suppressor.
Yes, hiding. He’s valiant enough to admit. Hiding away in a small, surprisingly tidy and faintly-lit janitor’s closet while the poor souls coddling humanity’s next generation bustle about in their secrete-esque to wherever they see fit at the early hour. Their presence only made known from the shadows their footsteps cast from beneath the thin space of the 90-going-on-100, wooden door.
John, however, continued observing the scene, feeling as though his head were about to burst all over again. Debating whether or not he should just book it then and there. Who's finger was that? Oh god was he next? Guess he wasn't too far off with the psychopath proposition. He thought in fearful humour.
"Sir, are you alright? Sir!" A voice called to him in a strict voice, it was much closer now. "I need you to stay awake. Open your eyes!"
And so, John hears a stuttered inhale as he presses a mute kiss to full lips. Unsure of who emitted it. And wonders what his title would be if he could ask. The familiar, unprecedented warmth seeps through his core when a small, reciprocating pressure makes his heart melt at the edges. And he wonders, albeit dazedly if not a little worried if he could overflow.
John’s expression is one of a man who’s been bowled over by a stampede of raging football players. Funny thing is, Sherlock would know it quite well, making him feel a small ripple of triumph and alarm. “I—I’m sorry? I—“
“What chances!” The angered tone caused John to look up. His neck cricked, ow. Sherlock crossed his arms, looking genuinely irked. “
“Better.” John grins and hands him a ratty, pink pencil with a fuzzy top he’d found on the floor. Sherlock takes it with a politely grateful nod, the most determined air of professionalism he can muster, and sets to work.
currently occupying an array of toxic looking substances in jars. All of which he was sure were banned in at least a few advanced and knowledgeable countries in chemistry. England being one of them.
John blinks again, feeling his eyes clear of the dead cells somewhat, his head still tranquil and heavy. Making him never want to move, just stay there until the blissful sluggishness ceased into a bright impetus of motivation. The second thing he registers are two keen eyes, shaded the subtlest of pastels and blue in ice. The light irises muted and relaxed in appearance, in effect of half-shut lids.  Sherlock is staring at him. His head tilted into the U of John’s travel pillow, bangs a whirl of inky disarray artfully swept over his forehead as he peers through them at John, his arms shyly curled in on himself.
Mike, looking as though he wanted to ask him something terribly important, opened his mouth to say something else, but John wasn’t in the mood to placate him any more than was socially acceptable, annoyed by the fact he’d have to do…this. Alone. And took off towards the van. The van was white with a logo for some type of plumbing company on the side, 'You clog it We snog it!'.
"I’m not flirting!" He snapped back indignantly. Promptly blowing a kiss at Sherlock over his shoulder as the latter only watched impassively. "Now!" The voice called again.
Vivid, abstract geometries painting uninvited grasshopper’s bodies while they systematically cricked on sturdy bookshelves in dissonant harmony a few feet away, father’s soft-but-sure grand piano routinely beckoning him to join in light invitation with his own equally soft violin duet. Le Parfum des Fleurs. A mutual peace, profusely bleeding safety. Home. Home. Breathe slower.
“Fine,” Sherlock growls and shifts to face him in his Indian position, hands going down to grip his own ankles in a steadying grip. An icy glare bores into his own perplexed one. “But you asked so don’t you dare deck me afterwards.”
It was pathetically opportunistic. What happened to his every new year’s resolution to not use lest he is used in turn? Horrifyingly enough, Sherlock feels his face burn in shame. And presses his cold hands over his hot cheeks with a modest little pat of admonition.
, forgo my urban-defining insolence and answer me this, Mister Big-words.” Sherlock’s hearing sharpened to attention at the modicum of desperation shrilling the boy’s voice. He frowns and moves to press his hand against the wall at his right to stand. Wincing as his injured hand takes the brunt, though careless, Sherlock pushes past it—
Everything was a haze and he could hear faint snickering above him. Sluggishly lifting his hand to survey the damage done to his temple. John tenderly touched the cut, promptly feeling the entire side of his face erupt in a strange numb burning sensation. Reaching back he found that his hand was almost completely covered in blood. His heart stuttered. The air he was breathing suddenly becoming so so much colder.
So sorry for the wait. I attempted to hint at John's less-than-seemly past and how Sherlock's distress acted as a sort of trigger. How it managed elicit memory and slight trauma from a vulnerable past. And how he weaved it to his bidding, to his choice. In short, how John manipulated good and not-so-good influence and his susceptibly pivotal upbringing to do what it should and shouldn't have done.
Hearing loud banging erupt from next-door, Sherlock wondered if sending John downstairs wasn't the best of ideas. After revealing Mrs. Hudson's boyfriends infidelity to her four days ago no less, he was supposed to arrive today, yes? Ah, John would manage. He was an army doctor after all, he could dodge a few cans.
Anderson grins, face contorted in an amused sneer. As if Sherlock's very existence were laughable. And says, "So sorry to bother you, just getting some pussy, all right?" not sounding sorry in the slightest, the boast as clear as the opportunistic haze that surrounded him. Sally just took him in, bored, before giving Anderson's backside a thorough look-over, still looking flustered as she shifts from foot to foot and leans against some poor sods locker.
Her delicate features formed a frown. "Even though you wouldn't have been the first one. So I knew something was wrong right off the bat."
"Breaking all your fingers underneath my leather shoes- they're Santoni too!" Moriarty crooned and shuffled his feet. "Watching as you scream and cry in pain-ugh-AHHHH-NO-STOP-though it will almost always be in vain." He created a series of suffering sounds during the middle of his verse and leant down to the rifles level. "Silly Lestrade, thinking you could stop me-more specifically my bullets velocity-but you failed soooo." He cocked the gun and aimed the scope on the head of Charles Abramson as he waved excitedly at his fans through the silk red curtain. Narrowing his eye he finished the verse with pursed lips and one widened eye. "Mister Charles Abe's has gotta go, gotta go." And he fired.
Sherlock shrugs, a cautious roll of shoulders that still derive a nanoscale wince, making John squint weirdly. “Well, if you truly need some there’s a nifty pharmacy just down Overbearing Lane.”
Sherlock blinks at the interruption, and pauses zipping up his hoodie. Still facing the door. “To see a man about a dog.” Sherlock lightly shakes off his surprise and hauls his book-bag over his shoulder.
…well. That might have just made John’s rather tip-of-the-iceberg ire and lack-of-understanding induced gastrointestinal distress a tad worse.
And then Sherlock just…freezes, before a rather violent sob wracks his frame, sounded a bit like a half-laugh too. And then he’s shaking so badly John wants to ask if he’s still cold. Still cold from his near-death encounter with heinous classmates, bipolar dogs and playground equipment. John doesn’t because it’s stupid, just props his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder and pulls him in by his bony shoulders--and rubs his palm up and down Sherlock’s back, counting the spinal knobs he can feel as he goes. Possibly transfer some heat if Sherlock really is cold. Sherlock was a lot smaller when he wasn't puffing out his chest like some high and mighty peacock. He fit so well in John’s arms, boxed in knees and all.  John felt like he was trespassing, seeing something no one was supposed to see. Scratch that, he definitely was, given Sherlock’s constant disregard and, as some might even say, slight disgust at compassion.
“That really is amazing.” John’s honey-coated muse sounds far away. “It almost seems unnatural. But still, why the hell didn’t I think of that?”
Sherlock brushes him off and moves to enter on his own. Stopping short to stumble and lean against the peeling doorway. He must have still been dizzy.
Swallowing, John went forward to take shelter from the heavy snowfall under the brown and yellow striped awning. John settled for knocking on the glass. Going inside would be simply life-threatening. A soldier he may be. John had commonsense and entering a war zone and Mrs. Hudson's café were currently two very different things.
He swallowed. The guy was surprisingly strong for his lithe structure and he noticed a few more guys coming towards them to see what was going on in his peripheral vision. He couldn't win this, he had to run. "Jay! What are you doing, man?" One of the more sober looking guys (wish he could say the same for the rest of them) grasped at Jay's shoulder, he was pretty small, smaller than all of them. He was still a teenager as far as he could tell. "Jay! ...what the hell, man?" He trailed off as he caught sight of John. "Showing this punk a lesson." Jay roughly shrugged out of his grip and glared at him.
Fair enough, not a lot of people wanted to pass their mayor's corpse on the way to their neighborhood Tesco's. At least the street had been blocked off. Sherlock sniffed, the cool November air already biting at his nose, and pointed an accusatory thumb at John. "Blame him."
He was surprised to receive a disappointed twist of Sherlock's lips. "Possibly." John gawked. "You can't be serious, no one can do that!"
John blinks blearily and slides a firm hand up and along the middle of Sherlock’s back, feeling the knobs in Sherlock’s spine ridge beneath his fingertips. Silently mouthing their names as he goes, John skews his hand over to run the heel of his hand over a sharp shoulder blade, later rimming the lower edge of the scapula with a slow knead of his thumb. Willing rigid muscle to relax its skeletal substructure with his ministrations.
“Cephalexin!” Sherlock jumps to correct too loudly, earning a few brief glares, he shoots them ones in return as he whips back to John with a tight set to his teeth and necessary gesturing. “monohydrate, performed an experiment concerning necessitated temp required for flammability in unusually moist settings. I’d forgotten to extinguish the Bunsen burner yesterday evening. Remembered, panicked and—ah, ran.” He concludes his verbal fusillade with a nanoscale wilt and avoids John’s inquisitive yet dimly confused gaze. “Nothing happened, luckily.”
John felt himself be clutched close, a cold, painfully tight grip on his forearms. He jerked his head upwards in alarm and heard Sherlock begin speaking; voice harsh and calm and uncomfortably close. "Oh, how could I forget?" The sentence bordered closely on a growl. " I can be harassed, discriminated, reviled, but god forbid I do anything in retaliation." His baritone gradually deepening in rage; eyes boring into his own. There was something there, something angry, something desperate, something indisputably human. John made to twist from his grip but Sherlock kept his grip sure. A tad nervous now; John scowled and glared up darkly.
After he got his wallet back. Couldn’t have his name and face on a wanted poster. Nope, that would just be bad for business.
"Where-ah- where did he get these-these things?" He asked before his mind got the better of him and he just sprinted out the door and caught pneumonia. For a soldier this was a rather comical reaction, he had to admit.
Sherlock flopped back dramatically an turned his head to him with bored eyes. "You catch on quick do you?" He watched as John began to pull up his pants.
was supposed to be the calm one here, the composed one, the patient doctor and tending to his hysterical patient. Calming, conciliating, steady. Not allowing fear of the unknown, the unexpected, to make him drip cold sweat by the buckets. Doctors couldn’t function on fear, the results can be life-threatening. He knows this. It’s his mantra, his self-inflicted directive, his calling. Brought on by oath, determination, and sheer willpower to keep his gaze off a bottle.
Sherlock shivers at the memory or lack-there-of. No, not lack of memory—lack of information. Piteously nanoscale data. He couldn’t possibly forget…much of anything truly. Without a certain substance’s assistance, eidetic cons. Cons relevant to now being gastrointestinal distress and an instinctual ongoing crisis. He doesn’t know when he’s going to die, especially not its middle. Might as well entertain an ongoing crisis to be safe. Though if he chose to merit a full-blown Rubicon now he could off himself in another seventeen years. Perfect symmetry.
. I can decide if you eat out of garbage cans for the rest of your life with a snap of fingers. I can-and will-
John just nods, smile still in place and sits down on his quilted cot, the striped, sky-blue and indigo blanket having been knitted by hand, not methodical, prim machine. His jumper wasn’t hand-knit either. Perhaps the jumper John now wore had acted as a clone of the gift his mother made for him, she could have told him she wanted him to wear it on his first day. And John, with his burly rugby hands, had managed to ruin the sentimental gift. He’d need to work on steadying them for his aspired profession. Perhaps rugby wasn’t the stupidest of hobbies, a steady grip was essential. Undoubtedly helping him keep his cool when the adrenaline hit.
John hurried his pace and came to a stand beside the tall figure, slightly blocking Sherlock from the male's reach. The man backed away a bit and narrowed his eyes at John.
“Come on,” John says as he hauls himself to his feet, clipped and casual as if he hasn’t just witnessed one of the most conflicting situations of his time here on grand mother earth, lookin’ swell. Headmaster’s going to get an earful from 'over-protective-as-he-is-overbearing' Mycroft Holmes, John could tell right now. And he’d be there to mimic every accusatory inflection to the best of his ability. If only he could measure up to the baritone that
"You must be John! How are you fairing, dear? I'm sorry I haven't been up to check on you both lately." She set aside her broom in favor of her new guest.
If Sherlock stiffened at first, John didn’t notice. What he does note is the way Sherlock’s breathing gradually deepens in time with his hands. John doesn’t even know if Sherlock is asleep and he’s just massaging a corpse unable to protest. Nor does he let it deter him.
A husky voice soon follows, climbing over the rail and grunting from weight gained by ten too many frozen meals and Oprah shows. “Get back here you brat!”
Sherlock didn't spare the man a glance. Nor a word. And stepped away, closer to the slouched corpse, his finger curled beneath his chin in thought.
John laughed and rubbed the back of his head sheepishly. "Yeah, I suppose that one's my fault." He took a deep breath and turned to their right when Sherlock gave him an 'incontrovertibly,-you-fool' expression. John's hair and clothing rustled when an especially stronger gust blew past. John's face took on a tranquil expression; making him seem younger, at peace,...innocent as if he weren't straddling a mans lap on a rock.
"You can either stay down there, and not get laid-" John called down the suggestion with his hand cupped around his mouth to create a makeshift megaphone. "-or join me!"
Tugging his hood over his eyes after applying a shade of red lipstick dark enough to make hypochondriacs scream, and combing his bedhead over as much of his face he could obscure without risking running into a wall. Sherlock dogmatically blesses his lack of need to shave, and exits the dorm. Flipping off Irene as he goes to steady himself.
Reaching back he found that his hand was almost completely covered in blood; he felt his heart stutter as the air he was breathing suddenly became so so much colder. Then the kicking started. John struggled to cover his face with his arms: afraid of worsening his head injury. The only thing running through John's mind was to protect his head seeing as anything else was a lost cause.
Sherlock merely stared blankly. "Oh, it happened again." John didn't say anything and kept his eyes firmly glued to the television screen.
A text buzzed throughout the alley, both of them jumping at the shrill beep the device emitted, John had set it to its highest volume in fear of the call falling deaf on eager ears. John fished out the ancient flip phone from his pocket. It had been a gift for his birthday, his older sister, the only person John could keep in contact with these days, had given him a hand-me-down from her failed marriage when he’d returned from Afghanistan four months ago. If she’d known he was using it to contact drug-dealers in London, downtown of all places, there’s not a doubt in John’s mind that she would disapprove, hypocritical as she may be.
Thin fingers delicately slide into his palm to grip John’s hand, the action almost shy as his head remained low. John nearly shivers from the temperature of it and recalls how taller people suffer from low blood pressure. And grips the chilled hand back in his warmer one just a little harder, not tight but sure, feeling fragile knuckles shift beneath his as he does so and moves to pull. The hand twitches, and is suddenly ripped away with a slight little sound, a soft, equally startled gasp making John go a little cold as he holds his own hand away in case it were still causing Sherlock pain from a distance.
of it all. Begging to flitter past his lips and make him ask Sherlock in a wrecked voice of his own if he’s all right. Because he knows Sherlock would say it until his face turned blue.
in the hoodie half the time—and holds out a hand. Knowing Sherlock could see the offered appendage from the shadow of it casted over the floor he seemed so riveted by. “That’s not a
"Fuck off." It's breathless and harsh, numb. What he needs it to be. So he says it again. And again. And again. And again. It's unoriginal but he doesn't care, he gets a turn too. He deserves it, he's going through a very intense chemical imbalance, teenager get-out-of-jail card by default. He chokes the curse out until the man just leaves, until he can't get a word in, until Sherlock can't hear his divorce anymore.
John shivered as a particularly chilly breeze rushed by, tousling his hair and clothes. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans, hoping to salvage some blood flow before his fingers went numb. He’d just arrived and he felt as though the whipping winds were creating small creatures of ice to scamper beneath his jumper. Slithering and crawling leeches draining any and all warmth they were.
That bastard. That fucking bastard. He couldn't believe he'd fallen for such a ridiculous act. Hospitality provided by the one and only Dracula himself no less. Sherlock's every word was coated with thick disinterest, so thick John would choke on it if those eyes weren't so refreshing. His every movement arrogant and sure, yet annoyingly graceful all the same. All he'd had to do was bat his lashes, rattle off some extraordinary deduction, and give him an intimation of something more. That he genuinely saved him, and intended to let him recover. John had fallen for the spectacle like a besotted sack of potatoes. Making mistakes such as these are one of the many reasons he couldn't count his acquaintances past his right hand. Including a nonexistent love-life. He was almost glad, once you clawed through irrationally noxious hazes of anger and betrayal. Glad he wouldn't leave empty. As empty.
John sniffled and reached for the toilet paper dispenser and wiped his mouth. Only after spitting into the bowl again for good measure. But the acidic aftertaste nor the raw, hollow sensation his chest plagued him with ceased. He guessed they'd stick around for a while.
And for a fleeting moment, he considered ripping his eyeballs out of their sockets in attempt to give his rapidly pressurizing skull relief. He couldn't breathe. Oh god he couldn't
The van was white with a logo for some type of plumbing company on the side, 'You clog it We snog it!'. John didn't look into how they obtained the van and kept walking forward. When he was within one yard of the van he could tell something was off, he could hear whispering and banging.  He debated just booking it right then and there.  Just as he took a step back the door slid open and he was met with the wide-eyed gaze of a malnourished, pale and tired looking man. He had stubble and acne on his jaw while his eyes were worryingly bloodshot.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head in fond exasperation. Blissfully unaware of John's minor meltdown. He's seen dead people, just not...used for such a purpose.
, this is highly classified, if only to prevent any more unseemly happenstance. Any miscalculation could prove appreciably consequential. Especially
His heart now beats an elevated staccato assaulting his core’s inner walls, the palpitations making him shake ever-so-slightly as he recalls John’s octopi-like snuggling anchoring him to his cot, the epidemic taking place not a few hours prior to now before Sherlock booked it to the janitor’s closet without changing his clothes. He’d squeezed Sherlock tighter, bringing him closer in a subconscious, gradual transition. On and not on John’s own accord. His stronger arms pulling Sherlock into his chest easily, enfolding him in a close hold until warm breath washed over Sherlock’s cheeks, the unanticipated proximity granting Sherlock a view of blond lashes delicately fluttering with dream. It was a balm to his already hazy confusion upon rising from the rare coma others called sleep. But then…
John huffed and rolled his eyes, shirtless and shivering. Icy winds heeded no man he supposed. John couldn’t care less at the moment. “Y-yes
He whipped his head from left to right, watching as the shallow sea of onlookers simply stared ahead and ignored the manic raisins going at it. Drama isn't for everyone, just keep it on television he supposed.
Opening his mouth, John made to answer with exactly what he could do. Coming up empty with a proper way to express his solution, he glanced at the solution hanging by the front door, hoping to get his message across.
Wow. “That,” John, still watching Sherlock’s stiff back, nods in affirmation of his own admiration. “was totally awesome.”
"What the hell are you doing?" Sherlock merely hummed and continued slicing thin cuts into a severed finger with a piece of notebook paper, posture slouching over the kitchen table, his eyes squinted in concentration. The finger appeared dried out and old, blood long drained from its veins, now being carved into: the marks looking suspiciously akin to tribal. "Experimenting."
Sherlock peered over his coat collar to see John standing by the first step and no longer the fifth. Then, holding the door open like the gentleman he was, Sherlock beckoned him through. “Shall we go?”
The eyes blinked and looked around before refocusing on Johns battered form once more. Calculating. Slowly he felt two warm hands grip his waist gently and he hissed. "My apologies, please bear with it." Then John felt himself in the air for a moment and then gripped under his knees and around his back. The world fucking
Fair enough, not a lot of people wanted to pass their mayor's corpse on the way to their neighborhood Tesco's. At least the street had been blocked off. Sherlock sniffed, the cool November air already biting at his nose, and pointed an accusatory thumb at John. "Blame him."
Mrs. Hudson shook her head in fond exasperation. Blissfully unaware of John's minor meltdown. He's seen dead people, just not...used for such a purpose.
A hum in agreement. "Yes, 'too'. So I decided to intervene." Sherlock stole a glance at his wrist-watch. "We can continue this discussion in the morning, bed rest is vital." He grasped Johns upper arm and guided him off the counter. "I don't have a concussion?"
Sherlock shifts his crossed arms cradling his head—stained, greying, penny-sized, square tiles scraping his elbows, the skin indented, red and raw from the elongated pressure, and hisses out wasted carbon dioxide mingled with smoke  from between his teeth, the soft sound ringing shrill like a stifled train engine to his ears and his ears only.
He'd never left any survivors in his wake, they were far too precious. And couldn't be wasted. Not leaving a single fingerprint, not on the secluded warehouse's light switch, only on the cook book resting above the fireplace. He purposefully left at the most private of hours, as to not awaken John.  Not a bystander in sight. It was perfect, not even Mycroft or his pets would know. His hacking skills weaved farther than most would reckon. Mycroft' firewalls hadn't a snowballs chance in hell.
She couldn't contain her frail, bubbly laughter as she responded. "Well, I can assure you that when I caught Sherlock dragging your bloody corpse up the stairs he had quite some explaining to do."
edition of Art Through The Ages, an electric pencil sharpener, and a snickers bar. Because he’s not at his brightest when he’s starving to death
"Get over here, Watson!" A stern shout called, John looked up to see the tail-end of a trench coat disappear behind ceremonial cart's open door. He felt a little light on the title. Steadily going higher. John hadn't been called formally since his army days, it sent a shiver of nostalgia down his spine. John found he liked it. He liked it a lot.
John hummed in amusement and resumed his watch on the street ahead. Mary had always called him a patient man. But it was at times like these that he couldn’t possibly bear a mere ounce of patience, much less being calm. It was at times like these he questioned how he’d gotten here in the first place, what he could have done differently to prevent himself from becoming the guy parents had warned their children about. About becoming.
Greg then blew out a breath, seeming even more aged than he had but a moment ago. "If I ask him to leave will you still investigate?"
What the bloody hell happened and how had he gotten here!  "Shit!”  Mike had been there! Was he all right? Mike had accompanied John in the peddling, but had he made it out?  He shuddered at the thought.  Any further recollection was blurred by the macabre likelihoods, much to his frustration. The desperate mind-racking and heightened blood pressure would do no good he knew, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“Obviously!” John back-peddles for the door with an awkward little jog, mind simultaneously set and a race.
And only then, only then had Sherlock finally, finally turned off. Regained the mask that fit so well but suddenly felt so wrong. Outwardly he had regained it, and that same, niggling voice that had urged him to breathe had whispered it useless. What was the point in reverting back to an unfeeling façade to hide a vulnerable truth after you’ve revealed it, given it over so fully to a ready hand, laid bare for all to see? Sherlock had done exactly that regardless, as he was unsure of what was supposed to happen next. Social cues were never his forte, the one time he’d needed them and hopefully the final.
“You hacked the schools firewall to read my file?” John didn’t sound weirded out, just vaguely surprised.
John watched in growing horror with every sentence the dejected looking woman uttered, she had been crying judging from her red rimmed eyes and smudged mascara, though she seemed to have made an attempt to fix it. Poor girl, it hadn't worked in the slightest.
She stiffened, not in fear but in arrogance, and smirked at him. Sherlock curled his lip in disdain. "Look, we're just encouraging people to read the bible-" What was he? A show? They've done these inane restatements time and time again. "I have actually, it was quite boring." Christie flushed in anger; for a moment looking as though she planned to hit him. John subconsciously clenched his fist. Sherlock remained lax and seemingly patient as he stared her down. She then abruptly smiled; an unpleasant expression revealing crooked teeth. As if she'd solved the Da Vinci's code. Sherlock inwardly jeered at the thought. "Surely you're aware of what happens to non believers?"
John swallowed and chuckled a bit, a strange little sound, and slid to the floor. The knocking continued.
Christie squawked; affronted, and covered her chest with her hand. "Plastic?!" Sarah heaved a breath; head tilted to the side to conceal her face, and hand attempting to conceal any sounds while John went worryingly quiet in the background. Sherlock smiled and folded his hands behind his back. "Yes, more specifically silicon, how about you go schedule another appointment in effort to look like even more like a sex doll than you currently do. Would be a shame if your husband committed infidelity again." His voice gone harsh and forbidding. Silence. Christie's resolve dwindled; face contorting into one of hurt while Sarah stood stock still next to her. Hypocritical. Hypocritical. Hypocritical.
John seemed to consider for a moment. Before abruptly shaking himself out of it. “What if I see one of my clients? They could say something.”
John sighs at the words. He didn’t really care all that much, coach has been whipping them into shape ever since he caught wind of their immature pattern, at least he still had Mike. But he still gets the least throws, which can be stifling. “What wrong with staying on someone’s good side?” John asks, annoyed. Maybe
me that." He countered the done being with a sniff and held his drink towards him. Three troubling ice-cubes clinking against the glass’s circlet. "I need more ice."
Sherlock lets out a breathy ‘oh’. The sound soft and shocked. It strikes a cord in John, and he grinds the cigarette to gritty bits at the implications of it.
"What do you mean by 'line of work'?" He questioned, crossing his arms and cocking his head a bit. Only refraining from leaning against the wall after his shoulder chafed it. Everything was so tender now and he wasn't exactly fond of the idea of passing out on the floor...again.
If she’d known he was using it to contact drug-dealers in London, downtown of all places, there’s not a doubt in John’s mind that she would disapprove, hypocritical as she may be. John shook it at Mike in a reprimanding manner, lip quirked teasingly, before opening it.
The night sky was dark and vast, it reminded him of when he'd accidently spilled a bottle of ink all over his mother's writing desk when she tried to teach him how to sign his name in quill pen. She had been so angry. Although this time, there was an array of shimmering stars, all on breathtaking display. He took a deep breath and licked his lips, he could taste his skin in his teeth. He nearly sobbed when snowflakes landed on his bruising and bloody face. A relief, soothing his raw burning skin.
John takes in the messy curls, hardly ever brushed as far as John’s aware, the slender form hunched in a petulant slouch, soft sweatshirts, all comically contrastive to the eloquence the boy’s tongue articulated and wonders his mind conducted.
John blinks down at him, a little peeved at the outburst. Watching the vehement bean-pole slouch in defeat and slide a hand down his face. Pinching the bridge of his nose, Sherlock then mutters. “My apologies John. This must be terribly ironic to your rugby alienation.”
"'Invite me into the house of Christ'." He finished and regarded her impassively; rendering her silent. "I'm not particularly interested in subjecting myself to such bigoted adherents." John frowned at him but said nothing; long before leaving the kitchen to observe the spectacle that was Sherlock. It was interesting to see. Two types of people, both so contrast. So disproportionate.  What people were willing to do to others, their effort to change one another due to their ideals. Their ideals being regarded as completely and utterly fallacious to the other. Constantly clashing, this was humanity after all, it was an everyday war. Quiet at times and loud at others. But Sherlock... someone as contrastive as him had yet to find anyone to share likeness. Let alone at all. John felt his chest spike with something familiar and gelid; he swallowed it.
“Landlords and their thermostats.” Sherlock murmurs knowingly, cocking a brow into nothingness, seeming to briefly reminisce. What was he thinking?  “No, I’ll just stretch to assuage bloodflow.” Says Sherlock, rotating his forearm in 360 degree circles to assuage blood flow to his hands. John notes the method in curiosity.
But he can’t express his hysteria, even if he wants to. Can't even tell Anderson he's ambidextrous. Because a clammy palm prevents such a ridiculous action. Forcing his head against cold steel with a bruising clasp that seizes him. Stubby fingers dig deep into his jaw and Sherlock keeps it clenched to prevent them from digging any deeper. And Sherlock would rather die than open his mouth and risk tasting something so putrid, much less to bite him. The fingers gripping his mandible tighten again, blunt nails bite into his skin, and Sherlock can’t fight his mounting terror this time. It had been an unnerving, muted buzz before. And it was now a deafening swarm. Bees loud and relentless without cease. Sherlock pushes him harder, stronger, still weaker. Sherlock hisses through the palm at the size difference, he could hardly reach Anderson's chest to push him away, inebriated or sober, the slimy bastard still used anything and everything to his advantage like the shameless whore he is.
Sherlock smirked at his question and glanced down, nodding, then back into the carriage. "No idea. Take a look?"
. "Great! You'll find mommy in the door with the number 276 on it." He pointed at the key for emphasis. He ushered her into the lift and pressed the 12th button. "Bye-bye, Sarah." He waved with a grin.
The lighting was dimmer and there were less tables, allowing an almost arrogant amount of dancing space. Edith Piaf’s sensuous voice caressing his eardrums and tickling his core. Mrs. Hudson, old fashioned as always. People swayed to the every dip and glissando, bodies pressed so closely together Sherlock wondered if they could breathe. Redirecting his attention to the bar, he sauntered over and took a seat on a plush, leather stool, swiveling it to regard the crowd. He glanced back at the bartender before letting his gaze stray back to the crowd in silence. Damn it.
? Sherlock only ceases sniping due to his clattering jaw, unwilling to make any more of a fool out of himself than he already has. At least no one has mentioned the lipstick. Oh Jesus Christ, he was still wearing
Well then. He must have been staring too long, since the offended peacock averted its narrow gaze to him. A silent, indignant squawk daring him to say something wrong.
. Do well and don’t heed him, if you insist on walking on eggshells I'll be forced to ensure you step on the literal metaphor every morning.” Lestrade wouldn’t need to heed John either.
"Watch it punk." Anderson's occluding breath washes over his face, he wants to gag. Waking him from his initial surprise, as Anderson had never touched him before. But he brings up his hands to push at Anderson's all the same, they were wrinkling his shirt too. Damn it, if Anderson ripped it he might just bite him. At least he didn't link Sherlock to his Twix bar exploding in his face at lunch yesterday.
What a surprise. Sherlock growled at the unresponsive form in his arms, a sick feeling beginning to grip his insides. "You're going to
John's eyes began to drift closed. Oh, right. "John, I need you stay awake." Sherlock bounced the fully grown man in his arms for good measure. "You have a concussion, if you go to sleep you have an extremely low chance of survival." Sherlock tried coaxing him back into the land of the living with cold fact.
you." Her face took on a stony expression, as if she hadn't just compared a mans life to her red heel. He had to admit, they were pretty great shoes. "Let him through.
Sherlock looked away from the kettle he was filling in the sink and lifted it so John could view it properly, although what he was doing was fairly obvious before and said. "Guess." John twitched while Sherlock set the kettle on the cluttered stove and walked over, having lowered the gun earlier.  "And do you normally walk away when you're being held at gun point?" John asked, cocking his head and throwing the question back at him.
"As I'll have you know, Donovan." That had grabbed Sherlock's attention, as he pinned her underneath the icy glare pointed over his shoulder. "Watson happens to be a doctor, an experienced one at that. And has had his skills brutally tested on the battle field. Time and time again. I value his opinion greatly for this particular task. "
Sherlock; still panting and flushed assured him. "No. No it's fine. Tell me why you bit me." He said as he pulled a worried and apologetic John back over him by his tie. John frowned at him then looked at a spot beside his head. "No reason, just a bit....ticklish." The last part was made purposefully difficult to decipher.
Groaning lowly and miserable, Sherlock keeps his gaze on his hands.  “Fine.” John still doesn’t release him, just lowers his arm and keeps his hand there.
"Well yeah, I just- look I just wanted to apologize for earlier. It was uncalled for." He admitted and felt embarrassment flare in his stomach. But Sherlock was looking at him now, so that was something.
“You most definitely did not.” John calls out the pitifully executed lie the second it finishes being pathetically executed. “get on with it, Sir Psychic.”
Deformed by their standards. Advanced and exceeding mediocre understanding by his. All because they hadn't had their eggs on rye that morning, instead on putrid, abuse-worthy whole grain. It had been highly educational. The psychology intriguing. More so than he'd ever imagined. The bystander effect had proven greatly beneficial in his later years.
In a breathtaking show of adherent dignity for hypothesizing, Sherlock raises his hand in a hesitant wave.
After it’s worked to a sufficient emollient, he guides dexterous fingers up and along the willowy creature’s upper back with solid palpation all doctors must learn to master when examining a patient for abnormal tissue growth. He shifts onto his side, propping his chin on his left hand. And reaches up to skim the length of Sherlock’s trapezius m with light but sure pressure of his middle and forefinger. Daring a quick three strokes over Sherlock’s sternocleidomastoid, given courage from the inability to discern his reaction from the hoodie’s conceal and the lack of squawking. The stiff tendon of Sherlock’s neck gradually eases its tense lock.
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the heat rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain."
were troubled. But after all John has just witnessed he’d much rather not take the chance, lest he startle this…thing. This precious thing in all of it’s contrastively brazen and surprisingly fragile nature. No matter the little butterflies fluttering through his lungs with speed to rival a hummingbird’s. All in fear of the underlying
They just wait. Waiting to dig into his dark suit, ironed with utmost finesse, to keep him there. Work him till they see bone, then turn a blind eye and keep working him anyway, maybe work him harder—put the guy out of his misery for god’s sake. Dull-eyed and young. Such a shame, they would murmur to one another when he would spiral into depression—debt circling him like vultures, marriage failed, and his darling's shoulder-biters bitter. He was such a hard worker.
"No, you would have been dead by now. I was actually expecting it." Sherlock provided helpfully. Grunting when John lost his footing, sending them both into a wall, and causing Sherlock to take the entirety of the impact. "How did you even manage to make it to the bathroom?" Sherlock muttered, carefully pushing himself off the wall with a hand. The other hand busy keeping John from falling face first onto to the wooden flooring. John asked if he was alright, apparently not liking the sound he'd made. "It's fine just focus on the hallway ahead. Yes. Look at how it's not collapsing in on itself. Follow its example."
dictate you’ll live the rest of your days meeting clients in lots while you quiver in muted fear. All for some ridiculous sentiment you feel for your cowardly
Moriarty entered through the automatic sliding glass doors and took in the scene of chattering people and golden shimmering décor with a inhale and exhale of deep satisfaction. Tightening his hold on Sarah's shoulders he made his way to the front desk, bumping and squirming through the crowd and holding Sarah out in front of as he gave them quick bored apologies. Once he reached the front desk he slid a card to the maître d. "Hello, I believe we've already reserved a room, monsieur?" He asked in a French accent and grinned down at Sarah as he jiggled her shoulders a little, causing her to giggle.
, through such weather. Any of Sherlock's neighbors were completely out of the question, noting the fact that Sherlock harassed them constantly. Regardless of whether they were confronting him or keeping to themselves. Heaven knows how he'd kept his residency.
He’d gasped and heaved feeling and unnamed secrets to a boy that took it all blindly, not once appearing judging or questioning of its source. Took it in, even, like a drowning man gasping for air, and Sherlock the depraver. Not even Sherlock could ignore the obvious shitty-lining underlying his rather extravagant reaction to something so banal.
Carol stood in the second elevator as she held her daughter in her arms. After Carol had assembled the rifle, with gloves on, and left it in room 276 perched on the window she changed her clothes into a puffy coat and leggings she found in a Dora's backpack. It was in the weapons suitcase. Stuffing her clothes and the gloves into the backpack she grabbed her daughter and slid it over her shoulder. On the ride down in the elevator she clutched her daughter close and whimpered in relief.
That seems fair. Sherlock offers his hand. John rolls his eyes in a gold-metal worthy show of I’m-fond(insane)-and-annoyed, but hands Sherlock his flip-phone. Sherlock rolls it along the line of his palm as the engraved metal casing glimmers up at him.
John rose an eyebrow and grinned at the daft bloke. "It's minus twelve degrees outside, I'll die." Huffing, Sherlock gave a little grin and waved him off, as if embarrassed. Laughable, that.
As Kevin focused on making his drink, he swiveled his stool around and leaned onto the cool marble bar, eyes scanning the crowd once more. Briefly wondering what Myc would think of his habits. His conversation and his reciprocators. Perhaps he was hoping for too much, all he wished to do at the moment was piss him off until his face matched his hair. Mycroft didn't much care for his methods of indulgence when it didn't involve needles or powder. But he had his ways of ensuring that Sherlock's methods weren't anything less than seemly, more so than usual and much to his annoyance.
"As I'll have you know, Donovan." That had grabbed Sherlock's attention, as he pinned her underneath the icy glare pointed over his shoulder. "Watson happens to be a doctor, an experienced one at that. And has had his skills brutally tested on the battle field. Time and time again. I value his opinion greatly for this particular task. "
John roughly grabbed the front of his grey dress shirt; slamming him against a nearby wall, his head coming in contact with the hollow drywall. Sherlock groaned and glared down at him in annoyance. "Oh, what is it now-" John cut him off with another slam into the wall, though it wasn't as harsh as the first. "What is
“Oh, well—you know—“ John begins, looking a tad perturbed beneath the scrutiny as his eyes try to make aborted contact with Sherlock’s a few times, his mouth set in an abashed grimace as he gulps in visible discomfort.
Carol stood in the second elevator as she held her daughter in her arms. After Carol had assembled the rifle, with gloves on, and left it in room 276 perched on the window she changed her clothes into a puffy coat and leggings she found in a Dora's backpack. It was in the weapons suitcase. Stuffing her clothes and the gloves into the backpack she grabbed her daughter and slid it over her shoulder. On the ride down in the elevator she clutched her daughter close and whimpered in relief.
Sherlock clears his throat quietly and swallows, after trying to answer and making a rather squeaky, emasculating sound instead. “The name’s
"Son," A voice pants above him, overweight from ten too many frozen meals and Oprah marathons. " you alright?"
Another gunshot. His eyes widened and he quickly but carefully braced himself against the wall next to the door. John swallowed and waited for a few moments to pass before he opened the door swiftly to prevent it from creaking. Repeating the motion, he shut the door behind him briskly yet softly. He turned around and flicked his eyes wildly around the area and found himself in a hallway. Carefully treading down the hallway he avoided any creaking floor boards with ease, even though it stressed his wounds.
"Why? Because I'm a man?" Sherlock titlted his head, even as his posture slackened. "This isn't the 1960s, Watson. I'm not concerned with man's fragile masculinity, nor their unrealistic façades created in effort to fulfill women's standard. Stereotypes are worthless and stifling."
? He was merely catching a quick shag, as was John. They were only upholding false fronts in effort to attract one another and obtain what they wanted. The feeling increased for reasons he refused to look into, and so he ignored it.
Lestrade shook the thought from his mind and sat back in his plush swivel chair with a sigh. He had a few calls to make.
Oh for god’s sake. “Control your raging ovaries for the time being, would you? If I don’t find a way to get back to the men’s ward before six I’ll be counting brother’s back flabs while he defends my supposed play-boy deviance
John awoke with a start, shooting up and rolling out of bed in a whirl of sheets and panic. He landed on the hardwood floor with a grunt, still tangled in the white sheets. As he struggled to free himself another gun shot rang out, confirming his suspicions and adding to his growing anxiety. He kept himself low and behind the bed in fear of being shot.
“Sure.” Answers Sherlock, duly and halfway invested in sorting through his paraphernalia after he received John’s tentative oath.
causing him to crash to the ground. The side of his face coming in contact with something...sharp and...spikey?
John feels his face go aflame at the admission, and lets out an entirely inappropriate bark of laughter, then a few more and hunches over a bit. Unseeing of the way Sherlock promptly stiffens like a metal rod and grips the doorway tightly, peering over his shoulder to eye him fearfully. “Ah, sorry.” Nor how pain-stakingly slowly he loosens himself.
It wasn’t all that shocking to hear, but it still hurt to nonetheless. They weren’t his loyal military boys anymore. At his beck and call, determined and willing. Bright-eyed and young, laughing aside their friends and reveling in their essential camaraderie, hiding away in Afghanistan’s barracks. Invalidation and age have changed them all for the worse. You see, John and his impeccable instincts had already known what would conjure up from the acknowledgement. Or maybe he didn’t. Therein lied the problem.
Sherlock scowled and bit out a "God bless you both." and quietly closed the door. Ignoring how Christie's downturned eyes shown with tears.
"Don't tell me what to do, fag." John felt surprise morph his features for a split second before he switched back to his stern mask.
Sherlock seemed a little shocked, more of a dulled reaction though. Like a 'courageous' teen excitedly clicking a rumored and rather disturbing video on YouTube, then remaining still for a good few minutes afterwards, suddenly afraid to cross the room to turn their lamp light on.
"Fine!" John grunted and released him, but only because he didn't want to worsen his injuries, and glared at him, though his anger was quickly fading. "You don't know what happened." He watched as Sherlock righted himself and rubbed at his neck while fixing a glare of his own on him. "I'm quite sure that-"
Sherlock appeared to be stuck in some stupor, his hands were held in a prayers position that resulted in John briefly assuming he was religious. Only to be proved extraterestrially wrong. The thought brought about a concoction of guilt and amusement as he recalled earlier happenings.
Salivation is a good sign. John notes, watching the action all the while, and only being knocked from his stupor by a beep.
John emerged grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick. Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
“Cephalexin, water, and fire? Why would you…” John shoots his knees a wholly lost look before shaking his head and regarding him once more. “Okay, whatever.
“Oh, hush you.” Sherlock feels his cheeks heat and quiets her, quickening their pace to the exiting pneumatic doors and into the main building. He sniffs at the biting November air when they exit the library and cross into the opposing structure. Feeling his shoulders finally loosen and mind.
“Mind if I borrow your phone?” John asks tersely, a set determination singeing away any of the previous fatigue caused by his inability to not choke on his own saliva.
Pale blue briskly took in his features. "I mean, I reckoned you wouldn't fancy a half-nude stroll down the block. Especially with bruises and sore spots to accessorize, sounds painstakingly Neanderthal really. Can't imagine it's still in style."
John decided he'd had enough and made to snatch the gun from him, briskly crossing the few feet between them. Much to his confusion, Sherlock allowed him to take the gun easily. "Alright, hands up, you bloody psychopath!" John spoke sternly and aimed the gun at him.
. He observes but doesn’t add. And closes the door behind him, muting John’s quiet laughter. For now.
After a moment, John relaxed at Sherlock’s silence, thankful he hadn’t been hit or mentally scarred yet. And went to move around him. It was a little strange. He’d managed to silence one of the most brilliant men he’d ever met with three sentences. John couldn’t help the way his chest swelled a little with pride. Making his half-nude frame stand just a bit straighter. John brushed Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed, the step momentarily making John’s shoulders level with the apparent-statue’s, and added,
So you can imagine his surprise when he’s tapped on the shoulder, after class hours no less, and the world having previously fallen on deaf ears from the earplugs he’d dug into his canals. The Hearse song’s intro was beginning to leak through.
A smirk, the first expression the drone had affirmed his humanity with since the drive had began. Then a deep, amused laugh.
He rubs the tobacco between his fingers with a grimace. John doesn’t know what’s driven him to such lengths to relax, and it most certainly wasn’t Pluto. Couldn’t be. Nor academics, Sherlock simply excelled. He’d even done extra the extra homework his professor had given him as punishment for interrupting—correcting-- his class, to spite him. Sherlock had later arrived, kicking in the door in, lanky arms piled high with Physiology 2 textbooks and two chocolate bars. John had rushed to him, later scolding him for trying to commit suicide by performing a self-inflicted Crushing execution. John blames his overbearing concern on the fact that he’d learned about the execution type earlier that day in history class. Elephants were scary.
John squeezed his Browning's handle, noticing the way Sherlock's eyes drifted to it at the motion. "Oh, shut your mug, you pompous prick. You don't know the whole story."
John pauses politely and awaits unlikely retaliation. When none comes, he promptly gives the appendage a few warming rubs. Just like his mother used to do. Be it to reassure him after a rather brutal fallout with a classmate or something or other. Perhaps a mollycoddling. But he remembers feeling his initial indignant protests of ‘being a big boy’ and embarrassment melt away with her soothing caress, the insistent strokes slipping over his back and arms leaving him warm, knowing she would do it when no one else much cared to. Knowing the effort made her arms sore, yet that she did it gladly. The knowledge itself was warming in more ways than one.
"That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant." He said after a pause. He shook his head and stared at Sherlock with a shocked but impressed expression. Sherlock felt his breath hitch. He examined John with a light tilt to his head. "You really think so? It doesn't strike you as... strange?" John blinked, a small smile still remaining on his face. "Well, I wouldn't say strange. I'd say unusual. And yes, it's fascinating..." He could see the hesitance on Sherlock's face and wondered if he'd ever been told that. He cleared his throat and finished with a stumbling. "You know, how you can put all of those clues together so quickly I mean."
"Philip, that's enough." Sally finally says, sounding a bit off. Sherlock doesn't turn to her. And then—for reasons relating to the utter imbecility of his infantile months—he says, "I can still write, you moron."
The pain was unbearable. He'd never felt anything this intense, not with dad, not in grade school, not even Afghanistan. His brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull.
"yeah," Sherlock finds himself agreeing, eye twitching at the bumbling moron as he struggles to find the floor. "because we all know the more you shag, the bigger your dick gets and the smaller your eyes grow," Sherlock shrugs in heated resignation, glaring down at the still-hunched figure from his peripherals. "until you can't see what you're shagging anymore. Be it your mother or a dog. You'll never know." Sherlock clenches his paper bag's handle and nods side-ways to Whore. "Take you and Sally for example, her tits have grown the size of two ripe boars. Can't even see the cow rutting against her leg, such a shame."
Kevin rolled his eyes and retook the glass, setting it back down with an air of finality. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "No you don't." He then reached underneath the bar and came back up with a plastic cup of ice. Sherlock hummed. "That's convenient." Kevin ignored him in favor of leaning onto his inked-forearms, officially resigned and joining him on his search.
Sherlock squints disbelievingly at the hell-hound licking the man’s face into next week, allowing his probable owner to leash him. His hands are still gripping the bars in a shaking, white-knuckled grasp. “W-What?” His teeth clatter as another breeze rocks his core, and he crouches low on the bars, his knees indefinitely bruising at his position. The man shouts something indecipherable to him, face crinkled apologetically, and turns away, his monster trailing behind obediently.
"Inspector Greg Lestrade, Lestrade will suffice." Gavin released the hand and turned to Sherlock, suddenly looking a bit miffed. Completely disregarding a relieved John. "You can't just bring random people to crime scenes, much less
The corridor is quiet, deserted and cold. It chills his hands and cheeks but that’s all, he slipped on a sweater and a jacket beforehand. Actually warm compared to the paper-thin sweatshirt Sherlock usually wore. The idiot. John passes by the cement stairs without word, forward. And comes to a stand, the beginning of the hall where uni students had fluttered through not a few hours before now empty.
He sees John slowly turn away to purse his lips and lift his eyebrows. Looking a good bit less stunned than he had the first time, thankfully (the insolent boy hadn’t even thought it vital enough to remind Sherlock his lips had remained painted afterward. Only until John had dissolved into cackling for the tenth time that day had Sherlock thought to look in a mirror) but he still smiles with his eyes in a futile attempt at repressing his lauding gush. Sherlock’s chest constricts from the familiar oddity of it. Does he have a will?
“Yes, so, Clara. They’ve separated recently, I’m guessing.” Sherlock feels his eyes go half-lidded as he observes the device idly. Then slightly widen as he makes a small ‘ah.’ of realization. “Drinking, that’s why your face becomes twitchy and irritable when you catch sight of the phone’s backside after getting tackled one too many times at rugby practice. Of course. And your…oh.” Yes, the snapping to attention at a masculine voice, conditioning, introduction to alcohol influences, like-father-like-sister, betrayal. “Oh.”
, and then slides them off the ledge. Curling Sherlock into him bridal style mid-fall to keep him from hitting the pavement, and…lands.
John chuckled, a little surprised at the crack the drone made, and silently glad that there wasn't going to be a dramatic scene resembling some romantic comedy drama. One thing he didn't fancy was getting a suitcase to the face...or in this case, a baton. Right, no suitcases, didn't live here. He truly would be upset if he left without a farewell, it was the least he could do- oh god had he even said thank you?
Sherlock is stuck on uncomfortable monkey bars, the metal digs into his arse, after a mangy dog chases him and gets angry. But he doesn’t know animal control’s phone number and he has no mobile data left to research it. He tries, he really does, he even attempts to connect to his own mobile hotspot. Calling the police would be illegal, Irene was dead and wouldn’t answer him because she’s dead (--asleep, that woman wakes for no one.), and he had no one to blackmail into assisting him. Thus, dice-less, but he’d gotten a nice view of his painted lips in the screen’s reflection during his search for a nonexistent assistant. And they had remained perfect. So perfect Sherlock couldn’t remove the color without ripping his face off with his sleeve. Lip-stain, the product fell nothing short of its title.
"Last door at the end of the hall. And do mind your injuries." He was needlessly dismissed with a flick of a wrist.
What? John gives an aborted indignant huff, that immediately trails off to a small laugh.  “Not that I’m aware, unless you’re bashing mental retardation.”
Sherlock doesn’t move until the man walks Cujo out of the gate, watching them carefully all the while.
"Was that mommy?" He grinned down at Sarah and stooped down to her level. "Yep!" He replied and clutching her shoulders.
Oh but it is. It was a little confusing and more than a bit alarming, possibly even labeled him as squeamish. Which he very much was
After a few more deafening bangs echoed John realized he wasn't being shot at and cautiously rose to peek over the bed and around the room. He was alone, god his heart couldn't take this much stress. He approached the chipping door warily as memories started coming to. John gasped as a sharp pain shot through his torso when he reached down to use the bed frame as leverage. "Jesus Christ." He hissed through clenched teeth, reaching down to hold the bed frame with his other hand and wait for the pain to recede while he stared down.
"But-" She whirled on him and pulled Daryll towards her, smacking a wet messy kiss on his lips. Daryll froze and blinked. Carrie pulled back with a glare and smeared hot pink lipstick. "There's no time, now come
“How long have you been out here?” John asks breathily, apparently observing his state in a clinical eye.
Sherlock  took a seat and tended to his resumes once more. "You can't possibly die from minute exposure to negative temperatures. And don't be so dramatic, it's only negative eight."
"I'm not exactly fond of shagging on a freezing rock in 40 degree weather." He exhaled for emphasis; the breath becoming visible and wafting through the air. "So sorry to disappoint." He finished remorselessly.
Sherlock stared at the closed door until he heard footsteps recede down creaking stairs. Taking a deep breath he scrubbed a hand through his hair. That was more troublesome than usual. She usually just condemned him to hell and told him he was the most repulsive human being she'd ever had the rancor of meeting. Whatever, he had work to do-.
Sherlock thinks a little hysterically as he slowly scrubs his still, infuriatingly-quivering hands down his face. Evading his view of the boy’s rapidly approaching figure as he glowers down at his desk instead, the quickly sousing sensation of indignation and faint fear doesn’t exactly consume the entire room’s distractions though. Pity.
Sherlock caught the bag in his left, not once peering his way, and handed it to John. "Says the man who's spent
Digging his fingers into John’s sides, he watched in satisfaction as John’s eyes practically bulged when he let out an unfairly attractive guffaw. Collapsing on top of him in a mess of near-maniacal cackles, weakly pawing at Sherlock’s hands to stop them from their merciless tickling.
John murmured miserably, crouched on his knees in the loo. Head bent over the toilet in front of him. And promptly vomited into the stained bowl for the fifth time. Photographs were forever ingrained into his so very fragile skull. Much like the one he'd always hid Sherlock's custom made, long, unfiltered Marlboro's in.
“And no, I can’t help you find your dear if that’s what you were hoping to achieve by seeking me out.” Sherlock polishes off with a condescending smile before whipping away to piece together how CBD girl managed to sneak four cats into her dorm. What an elucidating conversation this has been. Oh, that motion was notably painful. No whipping, please, John.
Sticking to the cream walls, and away from the chattering diners, he avoided  the reserved, white-clothed tables, all occupied by people wearing formfitting dresses or suits. It was simply rude to trek through. Nobody wanted to be eye-level with a penis before eating dinner. Well, perhaps some. Sherlock corrected himself when he noticed a young man being groped beneath the concealment of a lace table cloth. Well...it had still maintained most of its class. Quickly averting his eyes before he was caught, he surveyed the area with appraisal, the walls were cream coloured and displayed historic knock-offs of famously known paintings. The occasional pale, marble fountain could be found in one corner or another.
