“Tony? Is everything okay?”
“Do you want me to touch you?” he says, and his voice is low and breathy without his consent.
“And so have I,” Steve finishes. “Tony, last night wasn’t about me, I don’t know, feeling lonely, or anything. Last night was about… taking an opportunity that I missed the first time around.”
When Coulson's phone vibrates, Steve decides he can't take it anymore. If Tony is going to start harassing Coulson, it means he's completely lost it. If Tony gets any more impatient, he's liable to just stroll in through the boardroom doors wearing nothing but those red panties and a smile.
Steve’s eyes are closed, his eyelashes fluttering with pleasure with every thrust down. Tony strokes him harder, faster, loving the way Steve’s body takes him in.
“Well, it’s gotta be closed circuit, of course. Cameras exist, even film cameras, but I’m having to miniaturize it so he doesn’t notice. The tech doesn’t exist, but I’ve taken enough security cams apart to know the basics.”
“What’s your colour, sweetheart?” Tony murmurs, petting Steve’s hair again.
Steve rolls his eyes and gives Tony a glare, grinning around the panties in his mouth.
Steve drops his head into his hands, elbows propped up on his knees as he sits on Tony’s couch.
Tony rolls his eyes, mutinously chewing a bite of meatloaf. “Even if we change things here, it creates a new timeline. Ours will stay the same.”
He begins to lick and suck and kiss in earnest, then, letting his mouth do as it will. When Tony’s hole is slick and wet from his mouth, he starts pushing at the opening with his tongue. He darts his tongue in and out, in and out, over and over again as he licks and sucks at Tony’s rim, until Tony’s muscles have loosened, and then he starts working even harder, pushing his tongue in as deep as he can make it go.
Tony loops a finger into Steve’s collar, just in between the leather and Steve’s skin, and Steve groans, sucking harder kisses along the line of Tony’s cock as he clenches his hands into fists. He’s beautiful, lovingly mouthing over Tony’s erection and panting as Tony fingers his collar.
“Silver identifies you as a submissive. Black is for dominants, red is for switches, and gold is for spectators. Any other questions before we go in?”
He curls his fingers, rubbing against the tenderness of Stark’s prostate, loving the way Stark’s cock throbs in his other hand and the way Stark’s whole body jerks on the table.
“I mean, I would have thought the serum would have done something about that, but I’m not exactly in a position to know, am I?”
Steve walks around the end of the table and moves over to his left foot, and repeats the process, working at knots in Tony’s leg.
The world doesn’t end. Tony’s heart swells, pounding, as the air leaves his lungs. But it feels good. It feels like everything he’d ever wanted, everything he’d ever hoped for.
Oh, god. He’s going to lose his license.
"Mm, no, honey, you're just fine. I like you like this. All soft and wrecked." Tony twists his head so he can kiss Steve's mouth again, and Steve mostly stays slack and lets him. "You're perfect like this."
“He’s ours. That’s Bucky,” Coulson says.
"I think you're missing the point of this, Steve," he says, one eyebrow quirking in a way that's both teasing and precise. "I tried calling you multiple times. I sat up here and
sounded really dirty.
“After,” he confirms, pulling away.
He keeps fucking as he comes, relishing the cries of pleasure from Tony’s throat he as shivers and jerks beneath him, coming and coming and coming.
"I don't know if I can wait," Tony mutters, curling his slick fingers inside Steve, pressing them against his prostate. "I've been waiting all day, after all."
Tony can’t think of anything to say, but it doesn’t matter because Coulson keeps up both ends of the conversation on his own.
“The dildo,” Tony says, pushing it in, pulling his fingers out and brushing them along the stretched, puffy rim, “until you come again, or the dildo and my cock until you come?”
“I want to make you come,” he allows himself to say, and Steve moans. “Over and over again until you can’t stand it anymore.”
“Tony, oh, god,” Steve gasps, pushing back against the invading stretch. “Oh, god.”
"I don't think an apology is going to cut it," Tony says, fluidly jumping up off the bed and standing. He stalks his way toward Steve, slowly circles him while trailing one warm, calloused hand over Steve's shoulders. "In fact, I think I might have to punish you."
“Working on a little spy camera,” Tony shrugs. “If I can plant it in Pym’s lab, maybe I can keep an eye on his progress even when I’m not there. And without asking him.”
“Why are you here?” Tony asks him, then, blurting the words. He closes his eyes and shakes his head. “Sorry. That’s not fair. I shouldn’t…. I wouldn’t even be here if I could…. Well. You know. I’m not… the usual Sub.”
Tony rains blows down until Steve’s ass is hot and red and twitching, until he’s used to the blunt thudding, until he’s grunting in time with each blow as though he can anticipate the rhythm.
He’s never felt this before, this slow, incremental slide into subspace. It’s almost exactly like he’d always pictured it in his mind. He’s so used to being shoved, hard and unwilling. It’s difficult to get into it, and even more difficult to come back up. He’s always left shaky and wrong footed. He’s not even sure at this point whether he’ll be able to make it all the way down, but he finds he’s having a hard time being bothered about it.
Tony looks up and meets Steve’s eye. Steve is staring back at him, cheeks flushed and lips warm and soft and pink. Steve puts the nutmeg down, brings his hand up to Tony’s cheek, brushes his thumb over Tony’s jaw.
but to be loose and relaxed.
Tony frowns in thought; it makes sense. The oils and fat and egg in the mayo, browning under the heat of the oven. It’s simple chemistry.
After a minute, Tony pulls away, applies more slick and then he’s back, two fingers this time. Steve feels it stretch, and he’ll admit it’s been a long damn while since he’s had anything back there besides his own fingers, so it’s right and it takes him a minute to relax into it.
had tied. All his trust is in
all of his clients are overworked, tired and stressed. And most of them don’t have the time to commute to different massage therapy spas. He gets that.
Tony’s cock twitches, even though it should be completely spent, and his head rushes with lust. God, trust Steve to completely undo him with one question.
It takes Tony six months to get close enough to Hank Pym to try to make small talk about the particle project – but Pym won’t share any details, and he definitely won’t let Dr. Potts work with him on it.
“God,” Stark moans, and spreads his legs further, and Steve is only a man. He’s only human.
“Doesn’t hurt?”
"No, Sir," Steve says, refusing to even pull the phone out of his pocket. Everyone in the room can hear it vibrating, and Steve can feel his cheeks heating up.
from Tony’s mouth, and maybe he shouldn’t have put it there. On the other hand, Steve is all up in his space, so that’s not exactly a deterrent.
“That’s good, Tony,” Steve praises him, and Tony sinks deeper into the bed, into subspace. “Just like that.”
Tony pushes forward again, and takes hold of his cock to tug it up, giving Steve his balls. Steve moans and licks, sucking one into his warm mouth before releasing it and moving to the other, tonguing and kissing and moaning against the sensitive flesh. Tony slides his fist loosely over his cock a few times, just because it feels good and Steve is so gorgeous.
of molecular gastronomy, but it sounds like the kind of thing he should be wary of.
, here. He’s using some dom’s poor luck and station in life for his own gains – an indentured servant is more likely to keep their mouth shut, first of all. They can’t risk losing their contract and being shunted back out onto the streets.
to kneel there, legs unable to move, hands tied together. It’s
amazing, and Tony
Watching his face as the two cocks push inside him, stretch him open, is like a religious experience for Tony. Steve’s cock is hard and leaking as he presses himself down, filling himself up, all the way to the base. Then he starts rocking his hips, thrusting up on his knees and back down, slamming himself down on the cocks wildly and fucking himself.
. He wants to eat food he recognizes and watch a movie with his team while Clint and Natasha throw popcorn into each others’ mouths.
“Please,” Steve moans.
They don’t worry about the apartment, about the meager possessions they’d bought, or about the fake IDs or their jobs. They stop long enough for Steve to shave and collect the tesseract, and then they suit up in the protective suits Tony had designed, putting the vials of Pym particles in their proper compartments.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Tony says, sitting up and face falling. He puts his hands up placatingly. “Sorry, I just thought you’d –”
Tony reaches out with one hand, thumb swiping under Steve’s lip to wipe away the spill. He freezes, his hand inches away from Steve’s face, and his eyes go wide.
Tony ignores the comment, running his hand down Steve’s hip and changing the subject. “Feel good? Think that’s enough for tonight?”
“Would you like to watch for another moment?”
Tony’s body is shaking, wild and undone. His eyes are streaming tears down his face and his orgasm seems to last forever. He sobs in a breath as the last few spurts of come drip onto the floor under him. His chemise is stained with it, there’s even some dripping off the bottom of the arc reactor.
A bead of precome forms at the head of his cock, and Steve swipes his thumb over it, using it to further slick the slide of his hand up and down. Stark cries out, and Steve can’t help himself - he curls his middle finger, deep inside Stark’s body, rubbing the pad of it over where he thinks Stark’s prostate is.
“I’m cooking a turkey,” Steve sighs. “For dinner. For Christmas dinner.”
Steve meets Tony’s eyes, and together they hit the dials on the units strapped to their hands. Tony keeps calling it a Time GPS, but Steve thinks it deserves a weightier name than that.
“Yeah,” Tony moans, eyelashes fluttering. He pulls at the bonds around his wrists, and he feels there’s some give there. He probably could free himself if he tried hard enough, and that actually pushes him a little farther into subspace; knowing he could free himself, that he has to choose, every moment, to stay here and let Steve take his fill of Tony’s body.
Steve huffs out a breath as the head pops in, thighs twitching as he stretches to accommodate it. Tony can’t help it, he reaches down and gives his own neglected erection a few strokes, just to give himself
. Everything is exactly the way it should be. When I’m with you, I’m not thinking about what I lost or what I, what I slept through. I’m just thinking about you.”
“See you soon,” Tony says with a wink behind his helmet, and then they both turn the dials and head back to 2023.
Steve will admit to himself it might be the second time, ever, that he’s gotten the last word in an argument with Tony. Maybe the third.
Tony grins, as though he can read Steve’s thoughts.
A slow smile spreads across Tony’s face. “Don’t worry, honey,” he says. “That’s the plan. Lie on your back on the bed. I promise, it’ll be so good.”
Clearly Tony had set up an appointment with Steve expecting the second category.
moment, but a
“Pants off,” he breathes, when Steve makes a sound of disappointment and the break in contact. “Pants off, then hands and knees. I’m going to make you scream my name,” Tony promises.
“You’re so fucking good, Jesus Christ, Steve, look at you, you beautiful, magnificent – fuck, I love you, I love you, I love you,” Tony chants, hitting Steve’s twitching, winking hole with the crop every time he says
His appointment is supposed to last three hours. Happy is still in the car, half a block down the street. Tony is tempted to walk back, get in the back seat and leave. Happy won’t ask questions.
He goes down to his knees at the side of the bed and kisses Steve, soft and slow and loving, trying to pour his feelings into it. Gratitude and love and pride, all rolled up in the press of his lips and the sweep of his tongue. Steve moans into it, so Tony lingers there for a long moment.
And that was how Steve had learned he had a praise kink. It was also how Tony had learned he could say all the sappy, ridiculous things that Steve usually – when he wasn’t strapped down over a bench – kissed him to stop him from saying.
Steve smiles at him, and it’s that blinding, sweet, no-one-else-in-the-room-but-you smile, and Tony’s powerless against it, even though he knows he shouldn’t want it, shouldn’t crave Steve’s attention the way he does.
Steve thinks about it for a long minute. “But you’re still here for six months, missing your wife and daughter.”
Steve meets his eye, stares back, but doesn’t say a word. After a long moment, a hesitation that makes Tony wonder if Steve is feeling this too, Steve stands, taking a step back toward the table along the wall.
He reaches forward again, between Steve’s spread legs, and strokes his cock root to tip, again and again until Steve lets out a strangled sound and spills across the towel under him. Tony strokes him through the orgasm, still licking and sucking at his hole, until Steve’s breath starts to return to a normal rhythm.
“It can be a lot,” Tony tells him, mustering up the strength to roll onto his side so he can face Steve. He lets the dildo fall to the bed, he’ll worry about sanitizing it later. “I don’t… I don’t want to have pushed you too far.”
Not that he’d expected a government-run facility to look like any ordinary brothel.
Before Tony even knows what’s happening, reaching down and tugging roughly at Steve’s cock, and Steve cries out again, jerking and coming, spilling all over the floor beneath them. Tony’s whole body spasms as Steve clenches around him like a vice, and then Tony’s coming too, throbbing and spurting inside Steve, pulling out and spending the last of himself over Steve’s beautiful, red, abused ass.
Steve only moans in response.
Steve moans again, breathless and wordless, and Tony can hardly believe the way the sound raises tingling gooseflesh along his skin.
“Good,” Steve says, squatting down in front of Tony so that their heads are close together, until Tony can smell Steve’s skin. “That’s very good.”
Tony blinks. “That’s not what I meant.”
“A little more,” he croaks, his voice sounding loud in the room. The smell of turkey and stuffing in the oven fills the air. “Mom always added extra nutmeg.”
“I don’t like pain, either,” Steve says. “That’s probably why they paired you with me.”
“Yeah,” Steve nods sagely, and Tony
Clint glances at him from the side, and stares for a long moment. “Yeah, okay. Completely oblivious.”
Steve blinks at the message and he knows, deep in his bones, that he needs to stop reading his texts
+++++
Steve's eyes flutter half-closed, and he crinkles his eyes to indicate a smile when he nods again.
“God, Tony,” Steve breathes, blinking at him. “That was amazing. I had no idea…”
Tony swallows, and stares at the dildo with a mixture of hunger and concern, even as he feels his mind quiet, settling a little further down into subspace.
“It’s early in the day, actually, so you’re our only private client right now.”
Steve’s hand squeezes the bulb at the same time his other hand squeezes the head of Tony’s cock, twice in quick succession, and Tony groans loudly at the stretch inside him.
“Steve,” Tony starts. He doesn’t want to hear Steve say it, afraid of what will happen if he actually gets what he wants. “Honey.”
Steve doesn’t elaborate further, cheeks burning red, and the wheels in Tony's brain start turning and he finally catches up. “You… are you saying that the serum did something to your… refractory period?”
“I love you so much,” Tony says, his voice like gravel.
The room is full of high-ranking SHIELD personnel. Nick Fury and Maria Hill are there, and so are Phil Coulson, Natasha and Clint. There are a few more people around the conference table, but Steve doesn't think he's met them before. They must be from different satellite offices.
They spend hours cooking. There’s nalysnyky for Natasha, green bean casserole for Bruce, and cranberries and stuffing for Clint. They hadn’t been able to replicate any Asgardian recipes for Thor, but Steve had managed a beautiful pork belly dressed in pineapples and maraschino cherries that went in the second oven a couple of hours after the turkey.
“It’s good to meet you. I’m sorry for being, ah. Early?” Steve’s ears burned. Now he was stammering like Kamala.
“Don’t give up on me now,” Steve said, absently holding up a suit jacket to study it. It had three bullet holes in the front, but those could be patched, and someone would have a use for it. He tossed it into the donate bag, which was hanging off of a lopsided hat rack.
“You know the only way you’re getting me to rest is if you do, too,” Steve said, leaning against the kitchen counter.
“Now that’s just not fair,” Iron Man said, and shot into the air, blasting it with his repulsors. The ghostly minotaur shook its massive bull head and snarled, focusing its strange dull eyes on everyone’s favorite red-and-gold distraction.
Generally speaking, Captain America was not one for reading tabloids. His team members could all attest to his very strong feelings on journalistic ethics and respect for the private lives of public figures.
He wrenches the car back into his lane, heart going too fast, and focuses on
“Yes. Wolverine, you go with Bruce and Spider-Man to the left. Giant Girl, you go with Storm down the middle. Iron Man, you’re with me. Let’s get this done, Avengers.”
“I’m just saying. Cap or Storm could put up with you two jokers every once in a while.”
After a few minutes, Steve forced himself to his feet despite the continuing chatters.
, Tony, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to destroy it.”
“Then she said, ‘Here is your bride, fool. Seal this sacred bond with a kiss,’ and lest any doubt the zeal of the Lady Sif you should all know she let neither goat nor man leave that bed until a kiss had been bestowed. ‘Twas a most bloody kiss,” Thor finished, and they all cackled.
Tony drops his bags, kicks off his shoes, and faceplants onto the bed. It smells a little musty, but Tony could not care less. “C’mere,” he says into the blankets, and thumps his arm on the bed beside him.
“Let’s always bloom together,” Tony said, and Steve agreed.
“So there’s this cat,” Tony is saying, and Steve cracks open an eyeball.
And he’s been noticing this for a while, but… Tony is exhausted. All the time. Steve ambushes Tony with multivitamins several times, because he’s so pale he almost looks—
But not quite.
“That looks like something,” Spidey said.
“Great!” Tony stood, then leaned over and tapped on the sketchbook. “Think about that art club. I know some of the kids would go for it.”
“I wasn’t going to!” Tony says, indignant, and he sounds so awake. “I’ve been bringing it food, because I’m a philanthropist.
Steve picked up the sketchbook and opened it to a random page—a drawing of Miles hanging by a web from the ceiling of the atrium. “I like to draw,” he said. “I could draw you.”
“Don’t. Don’t worry about me, everything’s—“
“I don’t know why we even have that here,” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck. Tony, still grinning, moved over the the coffee machine, pulling a mug down from the cupboard.
The giant purple gem, as it turned out, housed the alleged mastermind of the Maze of America: the Enigma.
“Okay, let’s slow down a second. If that entire STRIKE team is compromised, plus Sitwell — and they’re taking orders from someone —”
Tony flew them upwards, spiraling above the flaming building that Steve had taken a running leap out of.
Privately, Steve couldn’t help but think that for once, an emergency was convenient.
Face burning, Tony grabs a blowtorch and flips the box open.
,” Steve mutters. ‘Let It Go’ was only catchy the first 800 times.
“I’m… uh. I could be better,” Tony says tightly.
“Captain. Cap? Steve, come on buddy, breathe for a second,” Stark was touching him, his hands very warm on Steve’s shoulders. His voice sounded very strange in his ears. “Come on, take a breath in. In with me,” Stark urged, inhaling slowly, and it was only when Steve obeyed that he realized he’d been holding his breath.
“Lemme look at the bandages,” he said, flipping the covers back, and Natasha settled slowly against the pillows. Steve peeled back her shirt.
“Your hand is cold,” Tony said.
“I liked the Superfriends pose,” Barton said. “It was a good moment.”
“What the hell do we say in our reports to SHIELD on this? Fury’s gonna be expecting us to turn this footage over,” Natasha said. “And if STRIKE is Hydra — do they still think Cap is one of them? They’re gonna want an explanation for him losing the scepter.”
Tony’s never been one for faith, but. He has faith in Steve.
The arm extended, pointing with its claw at the table beside Steve’s armchair.
She’d leaned into him on the way to her bedroom — he hadn’t moved into it yet — and when she’d come out of the bathroom with her face washed and her teeth brushed, he was there, smoothing back her blankets.
“I thought you were coordinating search and rescue,” the Sitwell on screen said.
“Let’s get going,” Logan said. “I got the feeling this is gonna take a while, and something about this place makes me wanna sneeze.”
“Yes?”
“Where?” Tony ducked out from under a rack of raincoats. “Oh. I bought those.”
There were other roses. Pepper, on his right, was a very fragrant coral orange rose— Tony had to admit she smelled nicer than him. On his left was Rhodey, a dusky blue rose with a subtler, perfumy fragrance, but his blooms were the biggest in the whole garden. There was also Happy, all the way up by the mailbox, with bright yellow flowers. Of course, Rhodey and Pepper were both a good, proper several feet away, and Happy was so far Tony couldn’t quite tell what variety he was meant to be, and anyway, there was a reason red was a classic.
“We’re here,” Steve said, ducking inside the exit to the storm room. He had to bite back a swear when he did. Sure enough, the entry he and Iron Man had come through had not reappeared.
“Tony, come on,” Rhodey urged him. “I know you feel bad, but it wasn’t your fault. You have to bloom. That’s what you
Steve sighed. “Again, what does that mean?”
“Oops. Sorry,” Steve hums, and kisses whatever part of Tony is closest. It tastes like his shoulder.
Steve flipped to a new page, sketching quickly. He drew the bot as he first remembered seeing it, leaning over one of the Iron Man boots ready to assist. Then he added its creator, resting an elbow on the counter as he pointed a tool at his boot.
“Sprite, please,” he said to Mack the Knife, who had probably never stabbed anyone at all, much less enough people to resemble the subject of a jazz hit from the 1950’s.
“JARVIS says there’s a lot of anomalous footage for us to review as well, stuff he doesn’t think can be pinned entirely on Loki,” Tony said, and sat in the chair next to Steve. He was warm, Steve noted.
As soon as they stepped through it, the temperature was entirely back to normal. Steve, however, couldn’t quite shake the shakes.
“Look, I can’t do it,” Bruce said. “No way. People are out for my blood, literally the government wants my blood. I gotta go back into hiding.”
“Kind of risky to change things, isn’t it?” Tony asked. “How do you know it will end better?”
“If I hadn’t spazzed out, Loki would be in chains instead of sitting pretty with two weapons of as-of-yet-undetermined destructive power,” Stark said.
“That’s true,” he concedes.
“This one lasted me three weeks.”
“I can’t believe—” Steve huffed. “All this time?”
“Let’s start with the stuff from the Tower,” Natasha said, and reached over to steal some of Steve’s popcorn. “We’ve more or less got a bead on how everything happened up until then — start with all of us returning here after the nuke, we can track ourselves in the footage. JARVIS, can you throw up timestamps please?”
“Sit up for a sec,” he said, and braced a palm under her back to help her.
Tony looked at the cookie.
“Expedient for
He sounded so disgruntled that Steve couldn’t help but smile a little. “Let me guess. You hate magic?”
“Wait, what?” Steve said, staring blankly. “Why on earth would you think that?”
“Strong,” he answered immediately. “I still feel like she's the strongest person I've ever known. Even when she was starving and exhausted and sick I thought... she could do anything.”
“Wow, I can’t believe you said that word.”
Pepper blinked at him. “I may swoon,” she said. “That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard. Forget the dance— after that, I need a drink. And Steve?” She raised an eyebrow at him, and gave a pointed look at Tasha’s corner of the room. “Please go talk to her.”
Janet giggled. “I think it’s sweet.”
“No, you guys always team up. Always,” Spider-Man said.
“Ah, hell,” Iron Man said. Steve looked back.
There was a bang and a muffled curse. The legs started wriggling as the person attached to them squirmed backwards, and then heaved themself back onto the floor.
“Relaxing stuff. It has lots of options: beaches, waterfalls, hot springs,” Iron Man responded, straight-backed in the Quinjet’s co-pilot seat. “I think Bruce favors the fly-fishing program.”
“Do you want bacon?” Steve asks, deciding it’s not important.
“I shall never bloom again,” Tony announced.
“You probably could order an avocado sundae somewhere in the city,” Tony pointed out, gesturing with the sandwich.
A second later Tony has flopped down on the bed beside Steve and propped himself up on a pillow. Steve eyes him suspiciously, but can’t find a trace of red in his face. If he did blush, it’s gone now.
“Well, you don’t believe in kicking me out of bed. So I still get to sleep next to you. That’s what I really want just now.”
“Pierce is the only person I’ve ever heard Nick Fury call a friend,” Tony said. “I don’t think Fury even trusts his own mother, but he trusts this guy.”
It’s a simple, thick gold band, embedded with one small sapphire and a tiny diamond on either side. He’d agonized over the design, over his desire to get something enormously, disgustingly expensive, and had been so, so proud of himself when he managed to design something meaningful, and frugal enough not to make Steve uneasy. It’s even fairly utilitarian— the gems barely protrude from the band; won’t get caught on anything or be uncomfortable if Steve is caught in a fight with it. He’d been so sure that Steve would love it.
Good Lord. The man—Anthony Stark—was movie-star beautiful, with dark hair, expressive eyes, meticulously groomed facial hair, and a winning smile. He held out a hand and Steve clumsily shuffled his portfolio into his other arm to shake it.
“I— I've been busy. It's. You know. Crowded.” Steve managed, and valiantly resisted the urge to strangle himself. A young woman in periwinkle giggled.
For a while, that was all there was to it. Steve's breath on her neck, his arm across her chest, his leg gently sliding against her own. Time felt warm and lazy, and there was nothing to worry about except for being close to Steve and dozing in the early morning.
Tony notices the cat on his lunch break on Thursday. It’s too thin, obviously hungry, and staring straight at his turkey wrap with sapphire-blue eyes.
Tony tossed him a blanket. “Of course not, Steve,” he sighed, sliding down to sit on a blanket. “We’re in the Savage Land. This is where all my most brilliant and expensive technology goes to die.”
Sam, recently the victor of a silent but vicious fork duel for the last of the sausages Thor brought, looked up from gloating at Clint and noticed Steve was absent.
“Tony.”
Tommy, the blur that’d nearly wiped him out on the first day, was part of the first group, the oldest one. Kamala, Miles, and Nadia were all from the second, newest cohort.
“If you are planning on dying,” Steve scowled, “you can tell Jarvis your damn self, and I’ll let him set you straight.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. Despite the warmth of Tony’s shoulders still brushing his, he suddenly felt a little chilled.
“I’m totally fine. I’ve just never been into hentai,” she responded.
Steve tangled their hands together. “I wouldn’t leave you to face that by yourself anyway. Some things just aren’t meant for one person to handle alone.”
, he realizes, and burrows closer.
“Storm?” Cap pleaded. “Please tell me one of you knew better.”
Steve smiled.
“I should have talked to him about it before I bought the ring, right?” Tony blurts. "At least then I wouldn’t feel so—“
Cold shock punched into Steve, as nasty and frigid as crashing that plane in the Arctic had been. No.
He switches off the blowtorch. “I can fix this,” he says raggedly, and is surprised by how desperate he sounds. How tightly he’s clutching at the ring he’d been about to destroy.
“And your happy attitude,” Bruce muttered.
Way to chicken out, Rogers.
Spidey and Bruce slowed to a stop as well. “Yeah?” Bruce said.
“That dog must have the most docile nature in the entire world,” Rhodey said, eyeing the full get-up, which included a red Rudolph nose, and reindeer antlers with little string Christmas lights on them. The pug was also wearing little booties with hooves printed on them, and a bright red sweater with the sides made to look like the sides of a reindeer hooked up to a sleigh. The “reins” on the sweater had real bells hanging from them that jingled faintly with every one of Socrates’ snuffly breaths.
Steve turns to glare at her.
“He’s sooo cute,” Janet said breathlessly. “I need pictures. I need pictures of him with the pug.”
“Captain Rogers is with Sir on the common floor,” JARVIS said. “Please identify yourself.”
“Tony, please do not try to sue a stray cat,” Steve mumbles.
, in the apparently futile hope that the next one will last you more than a week.”
Tony is absolutely charmed.
“I’d be delighted,” Steve smiled back.
, Tony,” Steve bites out, and Tony startles. “You
“Tony!” he blurted, standing.
Hey, a reference Steve understood.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony’d said, and Steve’s shoulders had drooped unbearably.
“Radio hits from the 1930’s, coming right up.”
“I’m really just saying, that guy was shifty as hell,” Tony said, watching as Pierce grabbed his own forearm. “Aaannnd there I go. Ouch.”
Steve grinned and turned to give Tony a kiss. “You’re not whipped,” he said. He stole another. “If you were whipped, I’d have gotten you to agree to do it by yourself.”
Tony comes back the next day with a can of gourmet kitty food and another turkey wrap. He sits on the bench and watches expectantly for about five minutes.
He nudged Banner’s knee as he spoke, and Banner came awake with a start. Stark leaned over, peering at his face. “Hey big guy, stay pasty, OK? We’re gonna feed you.”
“Alright, let’s just… take a break,” Iron Man said, and guided Steve to sit down against the wall. Whatever kind of heater was in the armor, it was cranking out at full force.
“We need to find the exit,” Steve said, determined. “I have a feeling this is just the beginning.”
And Tony, delighted, burst into bloom.
But then he catches Tony’s expression, sometimes, never for more than a second, but— the look on his face is so despairing that it’s ingrained in Steve’s memory.
Tony took his hand again and squeezed it in both of his. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I know how to catch people without hurting them, I was just sloppy. I’ll do better.”
Steve is going to fall asleep in about five seconds.
Steve nodded. “The only communication from the suspected perpetrator was a riddle signed by ‘The Enigma.’ Twelve minutes ago, a SHIELD team solved it, and gained entrance.”
“Tasha, hi,” he said, feeling unaccountably shy. Well, not entirely unaccountably-- he rather suspected the avid gleams in the eyes of Tasha’s friends had something to do with it.
Never mind that Steve usually does it.
Steve settled into teaching well. He liked it—more than he thought he would, even. The kids were bright—brilliant—and made him laugh most days, which pleased his therapist enormously. He didn’t even mind when they made fun of him for his outdated ways or ignorance of modern references—they were teenagers, so that was the natural way of things. And they were always down to share a video or explain the joke, and they were gratifyingly disgusted when he returned the favor by misusing his new know-how.
“I’m trying, big guy,” Spidey promised, and dropped from the wall with a yelp as Logan came flying at him-- claws out. “Watch it with those things!”
“More than I am right now, but less than I will be if this falls through,” Pepper says, heels clicking as she leads him into his office.
“Steve,” she said. He couldn't hear her, but he recognized the shape of his name in her mouth. He cut through the crowd to her side.
Tony wanted that—the warmth and sweetness and comfort—with Steve. Forever. He’d thought, maybe, Steve wanted that with him, too, but it turned out it was just another thing he couldn’t have.
He felt like taking a nap. He
Steve always did get clingy whenever she took a hit, even when it was a relatively minor one.
Near immediately the temperature dropped, so starkly and abruptly that it hit Steve like a bucket of ice water.
But right now just being around Steve, being held by him as if everything is normal— it makes him wonder if any of it is real. For a while now, with Steve, he’s had this feeling of safety, of contentment— of something very like forever.
Steve snorted.
“The traditional bridge between our worlds, the Bifrost, is broken. My father summoned a great deal of power to transport me to halt Loki’s transgressions in this realm, but the Tesseract was needed to bring me back.”
The moonlight is gone. He just wants to sleep.
Steve curled upwards to press their foreheads together, holding the position just long enough to kiss her, slowly, and exhale against her lips. When he laid back down she followed him, pressing soft little kisses against the edges of his mouth.
The private ones… well, you took what you could get. The people that went to work there were desperate, too, but they didn’t have the protections that were available in a government facility. Most of them are owned by criminal organizations, and Tony’s heard some of the horror stories of what happens to some of the subs that work there. Subs with nowhere else to go, and no one to miss them.
“Having tacos.”
Steve had hoped to wake up with Tony in his arms, but obviously something is bothering him.
“You’re so good with your mouth, honey,” Tony moans. He reaches forward and runs his hand down Steve’s hot, stinging back. The flesh is warm and red, obviously raw, and Steve moans.
Steve is like a furnace around him, hot and tight. Tony’s cock throbs, and he swears he can feel the pounding of Steve’s heart – of both their hearts – at the sensitive tip.
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirks up just a tic, and Tony recognizes that as Steve’s ‘I’m humouring the crazy person, let’s see where this goes’ expression. “It’s Christmas Eve.”
, he knows he can’t be in 32 suits at once. He feels lonely when Romanoff and Rogers are off on a secret mission, comms dark, so he tries going out to Malibu, but he doesn’t sleep there, either. And then there’s the Mandarin, and Killian, and somehow Pepper gets roped into all of it even though they’re not even
Steve blinks at it for a moment, trying not to let the flicker of arousal low in his belly get any further than it already is.
Tony lifts himself off Steve’s legs, turns, and wraps cuffs around Steve’s ankles. It’s only when Tony is finished, coming back up to place his mouth over Steve’s, that Steve realizes Tony had tied his legs down straight. He can bend his knees up a little, there’s enough slack for that, but he can’t spread his legs, and he doesn’t know how that’s going to work.
Steve’s orgasm seems to last forever, then he takes a deep, shuddering breath and slows his wild movements.
They’re having sex every night. It’s amazing, and Steve has never felt this way before. But they only go to Steve’s bed together, and while they’re wrapped up in one another’s arms when Steve falls asleep, he always wakes alone, the other side of the bed cold.
, it sounds good.
“Not tonight,” Steve says. It’s not placating, not trying to feed Tony a line. Just a simple statement. Steve brushes a smudge from Tony’s cheek with his thumb, gives him a small smile and leans down to kiss Tony’s cheek where his thumb had brushed.
“Go to sleep, Stark,” Steve whispers against his mouth. “Or I’m gonna end up needing you to fuck me again.”
Of course, after the passage of so much time his skin is vibrating with need, with the tension of discomfort and imbalance. He hasn’t gone down into subspace for nearly a year – it’s difficult to find a dom who’s able to adhere to an NDA
“Fuck, Steve, you’re so –”
, it will create a new timeline. Who knows what exposing Zola or Hydra now could do to this timeline? It could end this whole universe. You wanna be responsible for that?”
He does this for some time, going back and forth between the dildo and his own cock. Steve is whining, his hips shifting, and Tony pulls out again, fucking Steve with the dildo harder and faster until Steve cries out, his balls tightening into his body, his whole body shuddering as he comes, hard and fast and loud, all over the towel again.
“I love you,” he whispers, and he shouldn’t be saying it, he knows, but he doesn’t
Tony lifts his head from the table, arches his neck and looks up, meets Steve’s eyes. They stare at each other for a long moment. It feels charged, Tony feels… something. A connection, but that could just be because this is the closest he’s felt to subspace, the closest he’s felt to quieting the storm in his mind, in so long. He feels like he should say something, but he can’t think of the words.
Steve can't help it – he pulls at the cuffs around his wrists, whining around the panties in his mouth. Tony has a way of bringing this out in him, this submissive, wild, desperate animal. He does want that – wants Tony to fuck him and fuck him until he can't take it anymore. Wants Tony to come in him, to make him slick and wet and filthy, to keep fucking him and using him until they both collapse.
“No,” Steve says, shaking his head a little. His cock pulses, just once, as he shifts his hips and rubs his prostate against the dildo inside him. “Burns a little but, but good,” he gasps out.
Without warning, Steve’s cock jerks and spurts, a sudden orgasm that has Tony’s own balls drawing up desperately, but he maintains control and keeps hitting Steve through it as Steve wails.
He moves to the bed, but he hesitates when he gets there. Last time, Tony had tied him down on his front, but he wants to see Tony’s face, wants to watch him as he fucks Steve, watch him shake and tremble when he comes.
“Yeah,” Steve says, then leans forward and kisses him again. This time, it’s slower, but he deepens it quickly, using his tongue to try and taste every inch of Tony’s mouth.
“Of course, Tony,” Steve says, and he squeezes Tony in a hug, and it’s somehow the most intimate thing they’ve done this evening. “Of course we can try again. I can schedule you any –”
Steve pauses for another moment, as though giving Tony time to voice any objections. “I’ve read your intake paperwork, I know your limits,” Steve says. His voice seems to drop an octave. “I know how hard it must be for you. To be here. But I’ll take care of you, Tony.”
And so they’d tried it this way, with Tony murmuring words of love and awe, grateful for Steve’s submission in every word, and it had made them both so hot that Tony’d had to jerk off and come all over Steve’s back, and Steve had come without a touch, just at the hot splashes of Tony’s release hitting his skin.
“What kind of education?”
Steve is gripped by a sudden thought, an image in his brain that he can’t shake. He’s never – he
"I can't believe I beat you here," Clint says with a grin. "Can you believe I beat you here?"
His hole is still spasming around Tony’s fingers as Tony pulls them out, reaching for the dildo and pouring lube over it. Steve lets out a high-pitched whine – either overstimulation or desperation, Tony can never tell and Steve doesn’t seem to mind either way – as Tony presses the thick, solid head of the large dildo against his relaxed hole.
Another voicemail comes over the speakers.
There’s tight heat, silken smoothness, the view of Tony losing control above him, and then Tony moves his hands, up toward Steve’s, and wraps his hands around Steve’s wrists, where he’s cuffed to his own neck, holding and touching him and it’s all too much, Steve can’t take it anymore, and he cries out, his balls drawing tight, his whole body tensing as his head floats high and far away, and then he’s coming, pumping hard and fast into the condom, keening as Tony ripples around him, clenching tight and releasing, milking his cock. The orgasm seems to last for ages, and Tony keeps riding, hands solid and hard on Steve’s pecs. Tony pumps him until there’s nothing left, until every slick tight slide is almost too much, until he’s over sensitive and whining with the pleasure of it, and then Tony pulls off, moaning at the loss of Steve’s cock. Steve moans, too, as his softening cock flops down onto his belly, and Tony shifts forward, just a few inches, one hand buried in Steve’s hair and the other jerking himself off, hard and tight and fast, hips thrusting up into his fist as he pumps and strokes. He gasps out meaningless words of praise as he does it, and then cries out, one loud wail, coming all over Steve’s chest, his throat, hitting his chin.
“Private client?”
“That’s so good, Tony, just one more to go,” Steve says.
The tesseract is in a briefcase under the floorboards in Steve’s bedroom. There had been suspicion, at first, about two strange men who had been seen at SHIELD one day around the time it had gone missing, but no one sees Steve’s face again and Howard Potts escapes suspicion because, well, he’s still around, working hard with Howard Stark. They’d entertained the idea of putting it back until they can get working Pym particles, but they can’t risk SHIELD moving it before they’re ready to go back to 2023.
“Bet baby-you is pretty damn cute,” he settles for saying.
Tony kisses him, laughing. “Maybe next time, sweetheart. I have another idea for right now.”
“Do you want me to go over your file with you, or would you prefer the scene to be a surprise?” Steve asks after a moment, taking his hand back. He gestures to a small table by the St. Andrew’s cross, where there’s a touch tablet.
He puts the bowl of popcorn to the side, and reaches over and takes Tony’s face in his hand. Steve had liked his beard, but he likes the smooth skin there now. He tips Tony’s head back up to face him, and meets his eyes again.
“Call me Tony when you’re fucking me,” Stark gasps, laughter in his voice. “Fuck, your cock is huge, call me Tony.”
It doesn’t get much bigger, not really. Tony knows it can’t be much more than a couple of millimeters bigger around, but it
. And I want to strap the collar onto the bed, so you won’t be able to move around, either.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitches like he’s trying to hold back a smile. “If it’s really all that good, you’d think you’d be insisting on keeping it all to yourself.”
Tony shakes his head. “It’s not in the records.”
The blonde smiles again. “Excellent. Your dominant is ready for you. Please place your palm on the testing unit, and I’ll call someone to escort you up.”
“They know we’ve gone,” Steve says, sliding his phone away and choosing to ignore the text – and its implications – in favour of pulling one of the taco containers out of the bag on Tony’s lap. The Taxi takes off toward the tower, and Steve takes a big bite.
Tony shivers, staring at the floor.
Steve leans forward and kisses him, and this time he lingers, sliding his mouth over Tony’s and licking softly at the seam of Tony’s lips. It sends a shiver of pleasure and want through Tony, and he sighs, leaning into the kiss and feeling his muscles relax, sinking into it.
Tony moves to roll back onto Steve again, but Steve holds him back, eyes raking up and down Tony’s body. His cock is hard, decently long. His abs are tight and rippling, his chest rising and falling with his breaths.
It takes Tony a moment to understand. Another? Still? But he’d come, he’s finished, that’s all for him, what could Steve mean?
Of course, even though Steve takes the elevator, walks up the hallway, and storms into their bedroom with as much authority and righteousness as he can muster, he's stopped short by the sight that greets him when he gets to his and Tony's shared bedroom.
“That’s so good, sweetheart,” Steve murmurs, and then he pulls on the toy, gently, gently, and Tony’s body is relaxed, wrung out, so the toy comes free, and Steve holds it up, shows Tony its wicked girth, shows him how wide it is, and he can feel the flutter of air inside him. He knows his ass is gaping open, wonders if Steve will fuck him now, and wants it.
“Fuck, Steve, I’m gonna –”
Tony moves back down his body and stares at the dusky pink hole he’d kept bare this whole time. It’s twitching as Steve’s body clenches, and he can’t help himself – he angles the crop properly, softening the blow a little (but not that much) as he cracks the crop over Steve’s hole, between his magnificent asscheeks, and Steve
“It’s really nice,” Tony says, after a moment. “You doing this for us.”
He drops to a crouch again, and presses a sloppy, wet, claiming kiss to Steve’s slack lips. He licks his way into Steve’s mouth, and Steve is passive, letting him – just a warm, wet mouth that Tony can do with as he likes.
“Love you, too,” Tony murmurs sleepily against Steve’s throat, and Steve hears it,
A crinkle, plastic and paper and foil, then Steve is holding something near Tony’s face and he can smell chocolate. Sugar and milk and something unlike anything else, there under his nose. He moans slightly, too far down to even be embarrassed. Where had they gotten
“And we’re already doing it! You’re at SHIELD every day, working with Howard and Pym and Zola, and I’m supposed to believe you aren’t using your knowledge, your skills, to create things they might not figure out on their own?”
Tony chuckles lightly, then walks on his knees around Steve to the side, and begins unlooping the red ropes around his legs and arms.
. Ew.).
He lets go of the base of the dildo once it’s more than halfway into Steve’s tight channel, and watches as Steve’s body slowly pushes it out. Steve groans, and Tony pushes it back in, a little further this time, then lets it go again. The fifth time he does this, he pushes it almost all the way to the base, and Steve moans, tilting his pelvis and spreading his thighs a little further apart, and Tony has to swallow drily at the sight of Steve so wanton.
“Steve, c’mon, you can’t name your A.I. after me, I mean, I’m flattered, but that’s not a great idea…” he replies in all seriousness, because his brain is now dead set on the mission, focusing on it to push the pain in his heart away.
“Suuure, whatever you say, Rogers…”
… he thinks to himself, but before he can say anything the other man has neared him and nods at his jacket, asking again: “Were those letters?”
“No, it’s okay, I was… lost into my thoughts,” the other replies, his eyes not meeting Tony’s, as if he was embarrassed, “What’s up?”
he’s doing it on purpose to get under your skin.
Steve doesn’t think he could, even if he wanted to, but that doesn’t mean he’s just going to stay idle in the meantime. Once the sound of the other’s footsteps fades, he blinks slowly a few times until eventually, his eyes decide to obey his request and open up properly. As it turns out - and as he had figured by now - the whiteness belongs to the ceiling of the hospital room, and once he manages to get his head to move slightly to the left, he discovers that he’s back in Manhattan. With a bit of extra determination - and swallowing fits of pain - he manages to get up in a sitting position, at which point he’s completely exhausted. There are so many questions in his mind now - ‘what happened?’, being number one on the list - but he can feel the remaining of his energy quickly leaving his body, and before Tony even makes it back to the room, he’s out cold again.
Although it hadn’t been his intention, he ends up falling asleep a few hours after Steve, swiftly dozing off in an unconscious sleepiness, the result of too many nights spent awake since this crisis started. He doesn’t know how long he’s been out, but it’s the incessant and frantic blip of the monitor that eventually wakes him up, immediately followed by the deep panic that quickly gathers control of his body.
“Yes, sir.” his A.I. promptly replies, and a couple of seconds later the upbeat of
till he’s in the land of dreams, not having to deal with the harshness of reality. As the minutes reach double digits and the rational side of his brain becomes more active, Tony knows all too well that he
, and that’s why he closes the gap between the two of them and slowly nods as he leans in for another kiss, whispering softly on Steve’s lips: “Yes, I would love to be yours.”
it. The pictures on the walls,
getting my clothes wet. It’s gonna seem irrelevant to you, but they’re designer’s and dirty water ruins the fabric. Now you can go ahead and laugh.”
Fury had to wait for his return to kick off this plan of his; no matter how hard he had tried for more than a decade to shake his legacy and his trademark off himself, what with saving the world and redirecting resources to other causes, the name Stark still meant one thing only to people with power and/or money: weapons. If you get Stark, you automatically get his Industries, no matter what purpose he claims they are being used for right now; chances are it’s only a front cover, something to keep the hippies in California happy. Don’t let the Merchant of Death fool you too.
“So yeah, that’s the broad gist of it, he gave me pages and pages to download but I haven’t gotten around to read them yet, obviously. Plus I imagine he’s gonna wanna talk to you.”
he thinks, although he knows very well he’s only fooling himself.
, like a band and stuff?”
crumbling down
“Correction,” he interrupts, shaking his head and focusing his eyes elsewhere, because seeing the blue ones in front of him is getting harder and harder with each passing second, “I
“… Oh, so we… we’re good?”
“That was rhetorical, Rogers.” again Tony cuts him off, popping back in for just a second to grab his jacket before starting to walk towards the other’s room, nodding at him to follow. “Lesson number 2: military might have been in fashion back in the day, but now, not so much. Most people actually
He mumbles again, really just to indicate he’s listening and stays there for a few more seconds to regain a bit more energy. He has so many questions but also feels he has to reassure the other man that, despite the appearances, he is okay. A bit ruffled up, sure, but nothing that the serum can’t fix, in due time. True, it normally works faster than this - whatever ‘this’ even means, he can’t tell how long he has been out - but who knows what that alien had thrown at him. Earth science was not his forte, go figure the extraterrestrial sort.
about this?” it’s her one comment, in reference to Tony, who has by now had enough of being addressed as if he wasn’t in the actual room with them, and is about to reply accordingly when – you’ve guessed it – Steve beats him to it.
Tony nods, and lifts himself on his elbows so that Steve can slip his tags over his head; when they fall on his reactor, he takes them into his hand and reads the writing: “Winghead. Est. May 04
As soon as he’s out of the kitchen, Tony almost
“Mr. Stark!” Grey greets him, a smile from ear to ear and his hands stretched towards his; Tony, reminding himself why he’s doing this for, flashes an equally fake, equally wide smile of his own.
He ends up nodding in the general direction of the door that brings to the restaurant, leading the way just as an excuse to
He sighs deeply and then sits on the bed more comfortably, moving slowly and lightly so to not wake the other up, hugging his knees to his chest and staying there, frozen in his stillness, his eyes fixed on Steve for the whole time he’s in the room, watching his face contrive and grimace as who knows what thoughts his subconscious is projecting into his brain, painfully aware that he can’t soothe him as he used to, and growing more and more convinced that this is just another form of his own atonement.
“Why, thank you, Tony, that means a lot to me…”
Tony blinks, and for the second time today he thinks he hasn’t heard the words right.
“The kid outside called you ‘Director’. And this whole building gives off patriotic vibes.”
, it hurt too much the first time…” Tony spells out the hard truth, swallowing and closing his eyes, hoping that will be enough for his head to start working again,
Because this?
. So there are people with super powers. So you are one of them. Is there really much difference from leading a platoon formed by soldiers with different abilities?”
“Roleplay? What the hell are you talking about?
“Does anyone else know?”
With it gone, both men give out a long sigh as they’re alone again. Tony lets his hand fall off the other’s shoulder, and without saying a word he starts exploring the hut: curiosity is driving him for now, and he intends to maximize that for however long it will last. God knows what sorts of feelings he’ll have to deal with once that’s out of the picture.
“You’re not going anywhere until the doctors clear you.”
“Fair enough, I’ll see you tomorrow then. Thanks for the evening, it was mostly… entertaining.”
“Do something, Steve, don’t let me fall asleep…”
back towards the bedroom, skirting the few debriefs scattered next to the safe as well as he can, ignoring the burn he feels when his foot lands on a piece of glass. Once inside, he shuts the door and lets himself go against it, slowly sinking on the ground, crossing his arms over his bent knees and leaning his chin on them, trying to make sense of what the hell has just happened.
“How—?“
. If I knew how to find you, don’t you think I have access to other kinds of information too?”
“I don’t think that’s legal…” complains Steve, diverting the topic once more whilst narrowing his eyes to him.
“What are you saying, Mr. Stark?”
“Cold. But fine. Hey, uh, listen Steve, I want to ask you something, but… will you be honest with me?”
“Well, I’ve told you, we were looking for this ring when we found you…”
“Un-fucking-believable…” he mutters, sitting down next to him all the same; right now, Steve could very well not be in the room and he probably wouldn’t notice: all the tiredness and the lying and the covert actions he’s had to do are directly related to the person on his right, and he just can’t let it go.
“Well, I met him… it…
From the moment he wakes up, it takes him several moment to acknowledge that he is, in fact, conscious; he naturally rolls on his side, blindly stretching a hand forward, looking for the reassuring body of the other, but of course he doesn’t find it, because, well, there’s no one there. Steve is away on one of the ambassador missions they ask him to lead from time to time, and he’s going to be gone for a couple of days more, nothing he can do about it, except…
“Then I want a loan!”
“Hold on, let me check my calendar…” he says, opening the Twitter account of the bakery around the corner to see if their bagels are out of the oven yet. It had been Thor’s discovery years ago, although they had never managed to get out of him just exactly
There’s a chair by the bed on which he lets himself slide down onto, staying like that for whole minutes, silent and still, unable to do anything else except for staring at Steve. At the fucking mess he himself has contributed to create.
he lost consciousness last night, and if what Steve is saying is true, then they’ve both been affected, although he doesn’t understand why whatever it was is over for him now. Maybe they were injected with something, and it’s a matter of time before the effects wear off? But if that’s the case, then how much longer did Steve have to fight on his own?
“What do you mean?”
, that’s what he has in mind.
, even though it’s been almost three years since he heard them.
He’s asleep in his old/new room at the Avengers Tower and although his rest is everything but peaceful, the stress and tiredness of the last battle are enough to keep him knocked out during the visit, which last only a couple of minutes, no more. Tony enters the room as if he was tiptoeing, as if he was afraid to make a sound, and goes sitting on the edge of his bed, not daring to touch his body, but studying it from his feet upwards, trying to absorb every tiny detail, to get a reading on the other’s physical condition, not having access to his psychological one. Although with Steve is always hard to tell – blame it on the super soldier serum – Tony knows him all too well to get fooled by the appearances: the gym trousers and shirt he uses for pajama are looser than normal around his body, his muscles less bulgy, his skin has more cuts and scratches than usual and his face looks so tired even though he’s well asleep.
He tries to shrug the other’s hand off but
“You’re right, I don’t know what it must feel like to be in your shoes, but losing everything? I’ve been there myself. It sucks and it’s hard but you don’t have to be alone. You have
Tony is right –
But Tony is not someone who just
would be able to not even flinch a muscle.
“I never expected to survive.” he admits adamantly but without looking at the other man, knowing it would be impossible to hold his gaze. Sometimes he wishes he could lie straight to Steve’s face as he is so used to do with all the other people in his life – and as Steve himself was able to, with him – but for some unknown reasons he just can’t; once he’s learnt this, he has given up even trying.
When he makes his way to the hangar, five minutes later than schedule, he finds the rest of the team all waiting for him. He can sense the tension in the air and anticipates a scolding, but his new suit seems to make them forget all about it. Because although the majority of the improvements are
“Such a fool’s errand. You think a common bullet can
the others’ eyes on him, he barely even records them, too in awe to care. How many times this very suit would pop up in his dreams, making him wish it was real? How many hours did he spend daydreaming about it, sketching it on notebooks and syllabuses whenever he was bored in school? Before he realized maths didn’t really go along with him, he even thought of becoming an engineer, just so that he could one day create his own suit, an homage to Iron Man, if you will. And now, completely unexpectedly, right in front of his eyes, stands the very object of his childhood fantasies. No wonder he can’t contain his excitement. He circles around the suit a couple of times, to take it all in, slowly getting nearer until eventually he stretches out a hand to touch it, fingers caressing the cold – and slightly damp – surface.
now that he would recognize it in a second. He doesn’t speak a word, just stays there, still, and Tony can’t help but being glad he was found by someone like Steve Rogers.
he shakes his head, telling himself he’s an idiot while stretching backwards to grab them from the furniture. These were the very first thing that had popped into his mind when they were on their way back to Earth, and again while he was on the flight from L.A. just a few hours before, but once he had stepped inside the compound they had seemed to vanish from his thoughts. He looks at them now, and a part of him wants to set fire to them without re-reading whatever he had written, because he’s never been a fan of the past and he’s not about to start now. But then a tiny voice inside of him tells him
“Yeah, yeah, you can kiss her ‘bravo’ later, Romeo,” Mr. Field’s voice explodes in his ear as he grabs his wrist to pull him along, moving in front of the second till. “Let’s speed things up now, shall we?” he then adds, shoving the bag over to Mr. Grant, who doesn’t need to hear it twice, promptly opening the drawer to obey the demand.
, at the deep core of who he is there are ordinary wishes and desires: happiness, stability, feeling that his actions bring along an important change and have indeed a positive effect on the world, leaving it better than how he found it. Nobody has ever understood that, not really, but right here, right now? He kind of believes Steve, in fact,
Tony smiles at this, and then he freezes for a second as realizing what he’s just done. That was…
. Tony can’t believe his own ears, and as he looks around the room, it seems like he’s not the only one, because everyone else displays the same shocked expression upon their face. Once he gets back home, he drops a message to Fury on their server: “I don’t think this is gonna pan out the way we want it to.”
don’t use your hammer. Help me see if we can move it from this position…” Steve explains as he approaches the front of the suit again, trying to set aside his awe. After all, he is still on the job. He can daydream about this once the mission is complete. When Thor is positioned behind it, Steve starts pushing the automaton backwards, and although it’s heavier than it looks, after a minute or so they both seem to get the hang on it. With a few extra maneuvers they get it to an upright position, and oddly enough, the Iron Man
Tony nods as he stands up, all of the sudden feeling a mad need to get out of there. He doesn’t quite know how to explain it – for sure it has something to do with the claustrophobic room, although that’s not all of it – but he can tell his heart is beating slightly faster and his throat is tight as a knot, all signs that if he doesn’t breathe some fresh air as soon as possible he’s bound to have a panic attack.
“Hey, you can’t just do t—“ the doctor protests, looking at him as if he was insane. Which he probably is, right now.
“Be that as it may, you volunteered to be my – what was the word? – oh,
“I don’t know, I’ve had this bad… feeling ever since Malta, I just couldn’t shake it off…”
“What is this place?” is the question that immediately follows, and he can tell it’s one that the other was
Steve’s voice is distant in his ears, even though he’s just a few inches away. He nods silently, not really wanting to open his mouth for fear muffled sounds might come out of it, and after a couple of seconds he pushes the chair back and stands up, making his way to the window that gives to the external staircase. He looks up at the evening sky and hopes they all got to live full, amazing lives with plenty of happy moments to counterbalance the sad ones. That’s all anyone can hope for in the end, isn’t it?
Part of him wants to scream at Steve, and another part wants to give up his game and just kiss the idiot standing a few feet away from him.
“Sure, happy to help. What are we talking about?”
“Well, I
it, Cap…”
There’s a brief pause during which Steve comes really short of pushing for more details, but reading into Tony’s eyes how reluctant his friend is to have this kind of conversation, he decides to bring the subject back to dating: “I don’t get it though, you are in a way talking about your job.”
“Tom, what the fuck are you doing!?” Mr. Field screams, making a one hundred eighty turn that sends the gun in his hand so close to Tony’s nose that he can smell the metal.
“Take your fucking hand away!” he screams, turning so fast that Mark barely realizes the five fingers that hit his cheek, loud and hard. For a second they just stare at each other, both in disbelief, then to prevent anything worse from happening Steve shakes his head and mumbles an apology before rushing out of the room first and the hotel just a minute later.
. He covers his face with a hand as to make himself invisible, knowing too well it
As he pushes the main door open to enter the hall, the soft and jazzy music steals his attention, and he reminds himself that this is supposed to be his night off, so enough with sad thoughts, enough with the philosophical, internal debate that was about to start into his head: it’s time for his eyes to get to work, to find a dancing partner and move swiftly with them through the evening. He smiles as some sort of self-encouragement – not that he needs it, his looks do that part for him – because even though he’s what you would call a pro, he has been off the game for more than a year now, and he feels rusty, his mind having been so focused on serious matters ever since then that he’s afraid his movements will be stiff, his words will sound rehearsed, ever it they are not. The room is full with cigarette smoke, laughter and chatter, noises he hasn’t heard in a while and that almost stagger him as he puts a foot before the other, not exactly sure of what to do now that he’s in the midst of it all. He never had to actually
That voice… he would recognize it in a second. He knows whom it belongs to, but how could that be? An explosion – loud, mighty, blinding – comes suddenly to his mind, and he understands at once:
He knows what Steve was about to say so ends the call before he actually can. The answer is yes, he wants to come over and tell him, but with everything that he’s heard in the last twenty-four hours, he thinks it’s probably not only prudent, but
of votes and endorsement, metaphorically speaking), and he knows that’s exactly what Fury was aiming for, but at the same time, these things tend to take weeks before the ball start to actually roll, so until then he’s left with way too much spare time in his hands and nobody to spend it with or nothing to spend it on. This would be enough to drive him crazy in a normal situation, but given that he’s just got off a giant rollercoaster of emotions – what with defeating Thanos and going to space and becoming a mole, not to mention getting Steve back – it really feels like an insanely long pit stop, and he just doesn’t know how to deal with it.
. So when you gave your…
it sounds. He puts Anthony down on the bed that the doctor points at him and sighs deeply before turning his attention back to her. “I know it sounds impossible, but I believe this man has been underwater for seven decades. We’ve found him in a cave, inside an armor made of metal which showed very little sign of oxidation, absurd as it is.”
“I don’t want to… waste time…” he mumbles, and the moment after a long yawn interrupts his words. “I’m gonna take a piss.”
of them out there. And even in that, she was actually right: the only ‘super’ thing about him is his brain, that’s undeniable, but evil masterminds and aliens are not mathematical equations waiting to be solved or mysteries waiting to be revealed; you need super strength or special powers or anything out of science fiction, and he possesses
“Tony? You alright?”
“Is this a yes?” asks Steve as hearing that, smiling still a bit flustered on Tony’s lips.
But if Tony thought that would be self-explanatory enough, he was wrong, because the other follows up with yet another question: “How do I even
Tony is not exactly a romantic, and especially in times like the present he believes feelings are definitely
Whatever it is that Steve was telling him about anyway.
“I was wondering whether you’d classify this as a ‘successful date’ or not…” Steve eventually blurts out, trying to keep the question somewhat casual by using a boring word and adding a little shrug.
“Don’t worry about that, it’s with Jessica and Carol,” he reveals, “It’s not overstating it that they already know us at our worst, I seriously doubt they would flinch an eye at this…”
“Tony, you’re not hearing me...” the other replies, and this time his voice has an edge to it that he really doesn’t like, because it sounds so...
about what that means, I’m gonna start freaking out.” Steve blinks as hearing himself, and by his reaction Tony is able to elaborate a new theory:
“Gee, Tony, I don’t know…. Wouldn’t that be awkward?”
: with the noticeable exception of the sheets – still the identical set that he washes once in a fortnight or so – every single thing has stayed exactly as it was before they left for space, aka the last time Tony was here in this room, the last time they were
“Hi, I booked at table, should be under Rogers…” he says once they get to the restaurant, and Tony has to admit that it does have a nice ring to it, he doesn’t even quite understand
his own tone is. He actually means it.
it. And the food was… mainly weird, but edible.” He takes a bite off his wrap, chews it and swallows it before talking again: “Hopefully that’ll put an end to my nightmares for good. It’s been
“You’re Tony Stark, you
“We’re
with it. Everything he knew about being a soldier had proved inefficient if not plain dull at this point: what’s the use in training when you’re facing someone who can alter the very fabric of reality just with the snap of his fingers? What good tactics can do if everything feels so
kind – and Tony has to come to terms with the fact that this is happening.
He frees himself from Steve’s hold and makes his way down the stairs, stopping once he reaches the entrance of the restaurant to wait for him.
each of his senses is screaming at him to get the hell out of here as quickly as possible. He shouldn’t have been hanging around this long after returning to the present – once putting all the stones back to where they originally belonged – but he didn’t want to leave without saying goodbye to Pepper, so he took a seat on the front porch and waited for her to put Morgan to bed. That’s another reason why he can’t stay, even if he wanted to. The kid is too much, he actually can’t
“Hey, that was the custom back in the day…”
indeed there with him. Although now he’s starting to question whether he imagined it, in the convulsiveness of the situation, or it was actually
and one has stolen the Mandarin’s rings from my father’s safe. Anything else?”
date and not just a fake one, as Tony is willing to do? And if so, was this already his intention yesterday, when he broke into his lab and asked him out? He is
“Gee, I hate this place, it’s fucking up with me so much, it’s making me… weak.”
“Where the hell do you think you’re going, Captain?” Fury follows him, planting himself in front of them.
Tony has never been gladder to hear these words: as soon as they’re pronounced, he pushes the chair backwards and takes his leave, reaching the corridor with a few, fast steps. Once outside, he takes a deep breath of relief, but again he comes to regret it in just a few moments, because as he’s making his way back to his room, Steve reaches for him, hand tightening on his shoulder to get him to stop.
“We’re trusting that guy now?”
“T-Tony, you… you died. In my arms…” the words are mixed with tears and pain and they make both hearts groan and ache in unison.
and appealing, so to speak (apparently style is really important nowadays, compared to his time). He’s given up the total gold for a few touches of red. And everything is less
“C-Careful to not let… Sharon s-see you…” a voice –
on the Swedish radio. We were in Goteborg for a mission or something – Thor was there too – and one evening there was like a national holiday, there were little tents where people were celebrating with beer and food and you thought it was a good idea to… join in.” Steve giggles, shaking his head at the memory “At one point this song came up and you started dancing around me, much to the locals’ entertainment. I personally wanted to disappear but, you know, it was fun.”
But that’s not what Steve does. Instead, he stops, takes his shoes off and nods at him: “C’mon, let’s make a run for it.”
And oh, he looks beautiful, draped over the supple red leather. His muscles are a little tense, with anticipation or trepidation or nerves. Steve had been jittery all day, like he couldn’t sit still, and Tony had decided, after Steve’s bouncing knee had jostled the workbench during a crucial weld, that enough was enough.
Tony moans – his body jerks up a step further from subspace, a consequence of the surprise, but he sinks right back down when Steve’s tongue begins to work at him, teasing and slicking the furl of skin between his cheeks.
Steve shrugs. “They didn’t tell me much. Name of Tony, then the, uh, preferences in your file. And the mask…”
“Okay, no, it’s fine, I just – I want to see your face? Last time, I couldn’t – I want to see your face this time.”
“I need to wrap the wings but my hands are kind of a mess.”
Steve is just gearing up to beg because he’s so turned on he might die, and then Tony is pushing in, all the way, sliding his hard cock all the way into Steve’s body.
Steve sighs, and this time it sounds less like he’d like the earth to swallow him, and more fond, and Tony knows how to take a win. “Three or four,” Steve says.
of stamina. And Steve hasn’t exactly been
+++++
Tony cries out with each thrust, pushing back against Steve’s cock.
"I think that's quite enough for today," he says, packing up his papers and tablet in front of him. "We've all got a fair amount to consider after this."
Tony glances down at it, then back at the pegs on the wall. There are other masks – black and red and gold.
Steve suddenly jumps back, hands in the air like he’s been caught doing something illegal, eyes dilated and cheeks flushed and panting for breath.
Then there’s something slick and hard at his hole, and Tony is pushing his cock in, slow and steady, until he’s pushing in and the head breaches him, and Tony is thrusting shallowly, just the head of his cock pressing in and out of Steve’s hole, and it’s maddening, teasing.
to worry about it, so he ignores it, pushes it away, and lets himself float in the perfect, wonderful feeling of Tony curled into him, body relaxing and feeling so warm, heavy, perfect.
Steve thinks about it for a moment before he answers, and the pleased look Tony gives him tells him that was the right thing to do. “If it won’t choke me, I think it would be okay.” He thinks about that for a second, and maybe he – other people like that, sometimes, maybe he would want it, would like it. “I mean, I don’t – I don’t know if that’s –”
In the next photo, he's got the panties hanging off one ankle, and laying on his back with his legs up in the air, holding himself spread open by his knees. As Tony flicks through the photos, they get more and more risque. Steve can't help but be aroused by them, but he laughs at some of them as well, because every once in a while Tony had thrown in a ridiculous pose – in one of them he's hanging upside down from Steve's chin-up bar in their personal work out room. At least it hadn't been the communal gym.
His face has been on the cover of every mag, every news brief, every advertisement for augments. He is
Steve’s lips are warm and dry and soft, and the kiss is barely a brush of skin before it’s over, and Tony wants it to go on and on and on.
to get fucked? Steve flicks back over everything Tony had said over the last few minutes. Had he thought Steve was… you know, a sexual masseuse?
Tony takes a minute to think about that. “Your favourite part of Christmas dinner is leftovers?”
Tony kisses him back, still shivering a little, and then Steve pulls away and slides up, off Tony’s softening cock.
He twists his wrist again, knowing it’s futile but not yet willing to give up the fight. The silky red rope rubs against his skin, but it’s not altogether unpleasant. It’s almost grounding, feeling that pinprick rawness on his wrist. His hand is clenched hard around the round bell. Steve had told him, if he needs to safeword, all he has to do is drop the bell.
Tony's grin turns smug, and then he's pushing the panties down over his own hips. He takes his time, drawing out the action so that Steve gets a good eyeful. He steps out of the panties, hanging them from one finger as he knee walks up onto the bed, shuffling closer and closer until he can swing a leg over to straddle Steve. "But I know just how to shut you up."
That night, he doesn’t go out prowling the streets of Philadelphia.
“Oh, no,” he says, shaking his head so the soft blonde hair that has come loose from its combed-back style falls into his eyes. “I can’t.”
Tony croons, rewards him with a tightened grip around Steve's cock.
But then what? How else can he quiet the chaos in his head, the anxiety and pain in his chest, clawing to get out and begging to be brought down to the serene safety of subspace?
Stark jolts, the sound he makes deep and musical, and Steve can’t help but do it again. He pulls his finger out, pulls his hand back to the pump bottle of massage oil on his belt. He pumps it once to add more of the slick oil to his palm, then goes straight back to Stark’s hole, rubbing it over the furled skin and then pushing two fingers in, going deep and relishing the blissful sound from Stark on the table under him.
with it, but it’s not something he’s done, and not something he intends to do. He’s a massage therapist. He’s taken all the anatomy classes and the kinesiology classes and he’s all about the musculoskeletal relationship of pain and nerves and muscles and
it. He has to bank hard to the right to narrowly miss hitting a Chitauri rocket-bike-thing as he’s suddenly distracted by the thought.
Tony’s cock is hard and hot in his hand. He strokes it, keeping his grip tight as he fucks into Tony’s body.
“Fuck,” Stark moans, and his hands come up to his chest, fingers moving to his nipples to role and pinch the little brown buds between his fingers. It’s gorgeous to watch.
Steve draws in the evenings. They sit side by side on the sofa in their little apartment with the television playing some sitcom or variety show, and Steve draws while Tony tinkers with calculations and formulas.
"Are we keeping you from something important, Captain?"
“Show me,” Steve interrupts, voice low and husky.
“Butterfly effect, Steve.”
“Sure,” he says, sidling up close to Steve, so close he can feel the heat of him through their clothes. “What’s first?”
Steve pushes his finger all the way inside Stark’s burning heat, then slides back out and in again, basking in the feeling of Stark’s slick hot walls.
Steve moans, coming again already, head thrown back in ecstasy as Tony fills him. They’re writhing together, shuddering and crying out as they’re both overtaken by pleasure. Steve is grinding his hips down again, and Tony is grinding up into Steve’s body, until they’re both wrung out and gasping for air, When it’s over, Steve slumps over Tony’s chest, panting and sweaty. His cock is softening, his whole body wracked with aftershocks as he comes down from his orgasm. Tony reaches up clumsily, petting a shaky hand down Steve’s back a few times, gulping in air and trying to remember his own name.
“Let’s get out of here,” Tony says, dragging him out the back into the alley. Steve is shocked, he’s been hoping, wanting, wishing, and suddenly it’s all happening, and – Tony drags him out of the alley and into the street, where there’s a street vendor with a cart selling tacos. Oh. So, not dragging Steve into a back alley for sex.
When Steve is completely free, he looks down at himself. His cock is still hard, but it feels separate, less urgent somehow. The ropes have left red marks in his skin – nothing that will bruise, just a flush from the pressure. Steve thinks it looks beautiful. Like art.
Well, Steve thinks, he can just deal with it. Frustration is knowing that Tony is working at SHIELD every day, could get caught any day. Frustration is working some construction job because he can’t let anyone find out who he is. Frustration is being useless and not being able to do anything to change their situation or get them back to 2023, just waiting for Tony to do all the heavy lifting.
One more quick grin, and then Tony is shoving the lacy panties right into Steve's mouth.
him, just as much as Tony has claimed Steve.
“Thank you,” Steve sighs.
Steve's moans are short and fast now as he cries out with each thrust, and Tony's not laying a hand on his cock but like this Steve doesn't need him to. Tony usually needs more, he can't come just from being fucked alone, but Steve can – and, fuck, he's going to –
“We can stop,” Steve says, his voice mild. “I’ll understand if you’d rather have someone else. Natasha can be brutal, but she can be very gentle, as well. If you’d rather have her – or Thor, he could be very good for you.”
“Don’t,” Tony says, lurching forward and kissing him. “Don’t say anything, honey.”
“Fuck, Fuck,” Stark stutters out. “Fuck, please, just – fuck me, I know that’s not what you guys usually do but I need –”
There are sconces on the walls, bouncing warm, orange light off the ceiling. The carpet is plush and clean, and there’s a secondary entrance at the end of the hall.
But the argument is bringing him up, and with that is coming logic and common sense.
“Steve,” Tony says, admonishingly. “What did I tell you about this belt?”
Dinner is awkward at first, but they go on three more dates before they manage to get out of their own way and find their rhythm. They’re strolling back to the tower one night while Steve licks sinfully at an ice cream cone and Tony sucks on the straw of a sweetened iced coffee. He definitely isn’t putting on a show as he wraps his lips around the straw and hollows out his cheeks.
+++++
“Oh, you’re so good for me,” Tony sighs, brushing the backs of his knuckles down over Steve’s sweat-dampened cheek. He steps forward and brings his cock to Steve’s lips, though he doesn’t push in just yet. “I want you to worship my cock,” Tony tells him. “But don’t make me come. Can you do that?”
Tony puts a hand up to stop him, taking in the look of discomfort and the anxious way Steve is fidgeting from foot to foot. “Wait. Just wait. Whatever conversation you’ve got going on in your head is going to be a lot easier to have on a sofa with a beer than it is in an elevator,” he says. “Let’s go in and sit down, okay?”
Still, his hand hesitates on the door. It’s made of dark wood, stained even darker, with a large black handle and hinges. The big windows at the front are mirrored, so he can’t see inside.
“Oh, good, Tony. I could use another pair of hands,” Steve says, opting to ignore Tony’s comment. “I didn’t exactly think this through.”
Stark does a graceful twist, levering himself up off the table and turning so he’s bent over it, his beautiful ass pushed out for Steve to admire.
He's dimly aware of the hot rush of come inside him, of Tony's own shouts. He can feel Tony pulsing and twitching inside him, and each sensation is just the right side of too much. He can't stop jerking, his whole body still thrumming from it.
“That’s good, honey,” Tony whispers against Steve’s lips, grinding his hips and nipping at Steve’s ear, but he doesn’t get hard.
Without thinking too hard about it, and shoving down any trepidation he might have, he reaches up and loops his finger around the elastic strap and tugs the mask off his face.
A whole-body shiver goes through Steve, his eyelashes fluttering a little – though he doesn’t break away from Tony’s gaze. He knows better than that.
“I love you,” Steve says.
“Yeah, it feels good,” Steve tells him, pushing his hips up to try and get Tony’s fingers deeper.
“Well, I mean, you’re obviously in the mood, so…”
Steve thrusts into his mouth again and again, salty bitter and warm with sweat, and Tony doesn’t suck, doesn’t swallow, doesn’t lick. He just lays there, lets Steve move his head, lets Steve use his mouth and fuck him, and if he could come again he would. It’s amazing, and he spirals down into subspace so fast he’s almost breathless with it, and by the time Steve pulls out and comes on Tony’s face, marking him and owning him and taking him, Tony is the furthest into subspace he’s ever been. His mind is quiet, thoughts passing by slowly, and he barely notices when Steve uses his thumb to swipe up the mess of come from Tony’s face and scoop it into Tony’s mouth. He doesn’t suck it off, but Steve presses the thumb against his tongue, and Tony tastes him. Steve is rumbling praise again, soft and gentle, and Tony’s not even listening, but he can hear it in the tone of voice, that Steve is saying things like ‘good boy’ and ‘sweet’ and ‘gorgeous’, and Tony lets it float by because nothing matters.
“You’ve been doing so well,” Steve says, turning his head to the side so he can kiss the inside of Tony’s shin. “I’d like to try this, if you think it won’t hurt too much.”
Steve meets Tony’s eyes and smiles a little. “Hope so.”
Tony snorts.
Steve shivers, then shifts his knees apart a little. “If… if you – I don’t know how you’ll fit, I don’t, but if you think you can…”
Steve thinks it's excessive – Tony had showed him the technology for video conferencing. They could be doing this with computer monitors, even with cell phones. Instead, there are projections of WSC members in the SHIELD board room, and Steve knows that in each of their offices, the rest of the conference room is also being projected as a hologram. He doesn't know why they have to pretend they're all in the same room – it's a waste of resources.
JARVIS pauses. “She is very insistent, sir.”
Steve hisses out a little breath. “You’re too tense, Tony,” he murmurs. “You have got to stop doing this to yourself.”
The fluorescents are harsh, washing everything out, and Tony is hit with a wave of exhaustion. God, he just wants to curl up in a shitty motel bed with Steve and sleep.
“Well,” Tony said, and dropped onto the bed next to him. His hand touched Steve’s, very tentatively. “It was less that I wanted to reject you, and more that I didn’t want to lie to you on a date,” he said.
“ETA?” Logan grunted.
The minotaur charged at Iron Man. Cap dove out of the way. Iron Man blasted it with the repulsors at full force until the very last second, when he shot over the spectral beast’s head. “Olé!” he cried.
work here.”
“Tony,” Steve says, and Tony turns toward him. His eyes are tired.
“That does
“Alright. Check-ins every ten minutes, and keep track of every turn you take in your communicator log so that you can send that information to the rest of the team if you need backup. That sound good, Captain?” Storm asked.
Spider-Man snickered.
“I don’t think we’ve seen the floor for at least three years, Steve,” Tony said, eyes flicking around the shadows. “This is clearly a job for professionals.”
Mmm. Steve had gorgeous thighs. She wanted to bite them.
“He did, didn’t he?” Steve said miserably. “Gosh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to make things awkward. He’s just so… well, wonderful.”
Steve reels him in, and Tony lets him, lets Steve tuck his arms around Tony and lean against his shoulder, tilting their heads together.
So he stays in the workshop.
“I’m going to put out my own feelers on this,” Natasha said. “Not that I don’t have faith in JARVIS, but… If someone’s recruiting within SHIELD, they have to have a pattern, and if I can find it, I can infiltrate it.” Her fingers tapped rhythmically against the side of her tablet. “In the meantime, let’s see what other anomalies were hanging around earlier.”
And Tony’s blood goes cold.
She flashed a smile. “Please.”
Steve blinked, knowing he was making what Iron Man had dubbed his “man out of time” face. Sure enough, Iron Man caught his expression and nodded to get his attention. “It’s from a movie called The Labryinth,” he said. “We’ll catch you up, Cap, don’t worry.”
“Well, there’s one foolproof way to get out of a maze, although it’s also probably the longest path: if we keep one hand to the outside wall and follow it, it will eventually lead us out,” Iron Man said.
A seventeen-year-old with an Asgardian Norn Stone.
“I can’t believe you put up with my crazy,” Tony admits, watching Steve watch the cat and fairly bursting with happiness.
They were all still watching the footage, unable to look away, but none of it seemed quite able to process in Steve’s head. The SHIELD agents simply handed the scepter over and let Loki walk away with it, and not a one of them seemed disturbed to have heard a phrase that should have died not long after Steve did.
“All right, I’ve gotta cop to it,“ Stark said suddenly. “This one’s on me. My fault. You all had a good effort going there.”
So he wandered. There were fifteen floors dedicated to the Academy in the tower, and he had free reign of them all, barring slight restrictions to the personal quarters. He frequented the library often, wandering up the levels and settling into an armchair for a few hours of the night.
“Nah. You know what they say: cold hands, warm heart,” Tony shrugged. He shot Steve a considering look. “Hey, have you tried any 21st century cuisine?”
For a long while, everything was quiet in the early morning, grey and warm. Steve’s hand wove itself into her hair and stayed there, resting against the back of her neck. And Natasha stared at their room, at what she could see of it past the plane of his chest and the large swell of his bicep.
Steve’s hands falter in their movements.
Steve stopped dead. “Did you used to date him?”
“We? We who?” Tony asked, glancing around like he was expecting a surprise attack.
taste like cherry,” he protests, setting the cup aside.
Tony pulled an ice pack out of the freezer, wrapping it in a dish towel. “I know,” he said, unconcerned. “I rescheduled a few things. We’re taking it easy for the next week.”
“I imagine it’s the same as it ever was,” Steve answered. His jaw was so tight it felt like it was creaking. “Control and death.”
”It’s not your fault, Tony. There’s no manual for these things.”
“Or we could just cut through the walls until we find this punk,” Logan pointed out, releasing his claws.
“We can expand the space to be a little less in each other’s pockets,” Stark offered. “Tower’s being renovated anyway, I’m sure you all noticed demo has already started.”
“Thanks,“ Natasha says. “They’re Hello Kitty.” Also pink, and glittery. Steve’s honestly not sure if they’re some sort of gag gift from Clint, or something that Natasha picked out for herself.
“Don’t— you’re deliberately misunderstanding me, I just want—“
“I let Loki distract me,” Steve responded. “You can’t help that your heart device malfunctioned, but I let Loki throw me off with a bunch of lies about—“ He broke off.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve says softly, and pulls away. Tony quickly schools his face into something drowsy and neutral, and Steve’s gaze flicks over Tony’s face, scrutinizing.
She pulled away first to inhale deeply and a little shakily, hands stroking down the back of his neck. “I just do,” she murmured.
“Cheers,” he says wryly, and downs the medicine. His face twists in disgust.
“Hey, stranger,” she replied, smiling. Her lips were very red, and her eyeshadow had been done in shimmery orange and gold like a sunset on her skin. It made the blue of her eyes seem Caribbean clear. “I've hardly seen you all night.” She reached out and grabbed his forearm, squeezing just a little.
Steve sets the cat down.
There was not much that anybody could do about the fact that Christmas Eve was a full moon.
“JARVIS?”
She swooped away with a thin little smile and a glass of amber soda, beelining for Pepper across the room. Steve watched her go, trying to keep his face from looking like that of a man giving into the abyss of despair.
“I’m so glad you’re feeling better, Tony,” Pepper said. “And Steve, we’re so happy that you’re back. I hope you’ll be growing with us for a very long time.”
Sitwell didn’t seem to buy it, and there was a brief back and forth.
Tony wasn’t pleased when the human put a new plant so close to him.
He woke up the next morning with Natasha spooning him, her arm over his waist and her face pressed against his spine. He rolled over to return her embrace and resolved, quietly, to spend as many mornings that way as he could.
Tony sleeps in the workshop— he curls up on the couch and closes his eyes, and wakes up with a comforter tucked around his shoulders and feet.
“Then why’d you’d say that shit about Bucky?” Steve snarled. “I suppose you needed the distraction—”
And after all, with all the time Tony’s been spending at SI, why would Steve ever stop to wonder if maybe some of those meetings were doctor’s appointments?
Tasha turned him toward the group and introduced him to a flurry of names, most of them preceded with “Dr”s and followed by stunning lists of accomplishments. Steve nodded and smiled politely, and grappled all the while with a mental image of a blonde gorilla in a tuxedo.
“I wasn’t lying earlier,” the other Rogers said calmly. “I’m here to give you the scepter. I was just going to leave it in the basement with a message, but I wanted to see you.”
“I hope not,” Steve said fervently, collapsing onto the chair next to her. “I’ve been crazy about you since I found out you and Iron Man were the same person, and it’s not because you came out of that thing in skimpy red lace.”
“I’m with GG on this one,” Spider-Man said. “Everyone knows nature isn’t really relaxing without mosquitos.”
The claw rotated 45 degrees counterclockwise, then the whole arm swivelled back and forth—a slow, stilted
“I’m not so sure we should split up,” Steve frowned. “We don’t really know what we’re going to be dealing with here.”
“Sure thing,” he agreed, and pulled out a StarkTab. “As we heard earlier, the Mall of America has been turned into an enormous labyrinth-- or perhaps replaced with one. Whatever happened, it took barely a minute, and the entire thing was obscured by purple mist.”
“Hey, you said it.” Iron Man said mildly.
Tony didn’t respond.
“I love you,” he said again, and there it was, that tender sort of ache in his chest that seemed to lay him totally bare every time Steve so much as looked at him. “Steve, I–” he broke off, eyes closing. His hand cupped Steve’s face. Christ, he wanted to– to crawl under Steve’s skin, to bury himself in Steve’s heartbeat and his strong hands and his quiet smile. He just… “I just love you,” he whispered.
Romanoff shared a glance with Barton and shrugged. “I’m going nowhere fast.”
There’s a little curl of fear in Steve over that, because what if— what if Tony is sick? What if it’s something bad? Certainly Tony would tell him if it was something… well, if it was serious.
“Not a problem,” he responded. “And just so you know, I’m not trying to trash talk Tony Stark or anything. I know he’s your friend. It’s just that he’s a bit of a disaster, romantically.”
“Nick Fury is not a Nazi,” Natasha snapped.
He leaned dangerously from atop his stepladder (found underneath a shoebox of frayed wires– recyclable) to wave the box triumphantly in Steve’s face.
They both went quiet for a moment, and Steve realized, guiltily, that Tony was looking quite haggard, his face pale and drawn and with heavy dark circles under his eyes.
“Tell you to go the fuck to sleep,” he hums drowsily, eyes sliding shut.
“See, I can make friends,” Tony says. “JARVIS, this is cat, cat, this is JARVIS. He is a merciful god, don’t worry.”
“Do I think what?” Natasha asks, and he can hear the quirk of her eyebrow in her voice.
“This isn’t possible,” he said, shaking. “It’s not. It can’t be.”
The answer to that question barrelled through the corner wall with an ear-shattering roar.
“The light’s gone out,” Steve said, peering upwards.
“Diagnostics on the reactor say it was just a misaligned switch that came out of place — sent me into cardiac dysrhythmia. A very dramatic distraction if you can do it on command.”
“Hey Steve?” Tony said. He watched Steve with strangely intense eyes.
“Where’d Cap go?” he asked. Clint, seizing the moment of distraction, snatched the sausage off the end of Sam’s fork and stuffed it in his mouth. Then he took off.
“Aye, the Lady Sif is always pleased to test her mettle against another warrior of her sex. I do not know when I could arrange such a meeting, however. It may be some time.”
Tony turned in his arms, laughing, to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. His arms went around Steve’s stomach, still in his uniform. “God, I bet all this wet leather is a crime on you,” he grinned.
“Tony, we have to do something about this closet.”
The soft mist of sleep stirs just once, when the room has gone dark and the movie has ended. He feels Tony shifting underneath him, scooting down on the bed. Tony settles finally and sighs.
“Not if you’re up to it,” Steve said. “If there are going to be more riddles, we could use all the brainpower we’ve got.”
It did provide a stunning view of Manhattan.
“Can you go in here for me?” he murmurs, nudging the cat towards the carrier.
Janet made a wounded noise. “It’s adorable!”
“Steve, darling, you’re like 100 years old, I’m pretty sure you’re not allowed to say the word ‘sexy,’” Tony admonished.
“–but there is nothing in this universe that could compel me to clean that closet on my own.”
A Steve Rogers holding Loki’s scepter.
The elevator, like so many places in the future, was made of glass.
“It’s just a box mix, don’t look so surprised,” Tony said gruffly. “Even I can get that right.”
Natasha sighed. “Still. That’s too perfect to be a coincidence.”
“Sorry, kitty,” Tony says, and eases the cat off his lap, brushing fur off his pants.
He looked up.
“No, we need to get you out of here,” Iron Man snapped. “The temperature in here has just hit the negative double digits. I’m taking Logan’s route,” he said, and fired his repulsors full force at the nearest wall.
“Steve, it’s
“I expect I ordered it,” he said. “It’s the Saturday Sun, it’s not a real tabloid. It’s parody.”
groomed, because she’s entirely too pretty to have her fur dirty like that, and she needs about 200 solid meals.”
Steve blew out a long breath. “I… don’t know.” He wanted to shrug, wanted to mention the vague notion he’d had of getting on his motorcycle and going to see the rest of the country he died for. He just didn’t seem to have the energy.
“How many hours of footage have we got here?” Steve asked.
Tony would have preferred he shouted it.
There were a lot of cookies.
“Did Tony come to bed last night?”
Thor looked down, peeling his borrowed t-shirt up to reveal his abs and also the bandage covering his stab wound. “It is well,” Thor said. “Loki inflicted far deeper wounds than this in jest, many times.”
“Avengers cookies,” Tony said. “Made especially for the kids of the St. Agnes Pediatric Cancer wing.”
“Really? I can’t,” Steve grinned, and oof’d as Tony got him in the solar plexus with a bony elbow. Laughing, he kissed Tony’s still-damp hair, the skin above his ear, the edge of his eyelid. Grudgingly Tony snuggled against him for warmth.
Tony did. Steve was smiling, his eyes were bright, and Tony hadn’t seen him this happy in– in maybe ever, and he did that, it was because of
Tony clears his throat quickly. “Nothing,” he says, and is he
The cat sniffs his hand, but quickly loses interest when it doesn’t have food in it. Tony strokes along its side, feeling matted spots in the fur, and bones where he shouldn’t.
“No worries. It just means I’m a little less pretty for you,” Stark winked. “It’s an honor to have you onboard.”
Tony held his hands up. “Okay, look — Hydra, whatever this is — there has to be some record of it in SHIELD somewhere, and I just had JARVIS neck deep in every SHIELD secret that could be accessed from the Helicarrier. Let me modify the trace and send JARVIS code-crawling some more.”
“Just potatoes?”
“We’ll figure it out. I know a place,” Tony said. “We can start with Tex-Mex. See how you do with jalapeños and chili-lime and work our way up to wasabi.”
How can he move past this?
Tony can keep this. Steve, with him. He just has to quash that foolish unwanted longing and focus on Steve, on making him feel so loved that he’ll stay. He loves Steve enough to marry him— he has to be capable of doing at least that much.
It didn’t take long for the first anomaly to show up — down in the lobby, while Secretary Pierce was trying to get Tony to hand over the Tesseract.
Steve nodded. “He got in my head. If I’d held out we could have at least recovered the scepter.”
“You’re welcome to try and peel it off of me,” Steve said dryly. “And I don’t even mean that in the sexy way. You’ll probably have to cut me out of it.”
He leaves the carrier sitting on the bench. He doesn’t need it.
“I wanted to beat the Avengers,” the kid snarled. “I wanted to be the one to outsmart you! Everyone thinks you’re so great.”
Tony finally broke when Steve’s leaves went from droopy to wilty; quite alarmed now, Tony decided to apologize.
“Scaredy cats who've had their tails stepped on one too many times,” Steve added a little ruefully.
Natasha had first told him she loved him after a truly rotten day, full of arguments with government officials and reporters and her own employees. By the time she got back to the common floor, she’d been practically vibrating with tension and exhaustion.
Nobody said anything for a long time, and it was almost silent except for the sounds of Banner still chewing his shawarma. Steve’s head hurt.
He wants—he wants to relax, to forget for a while. To let Steve work the tension out of his muscles, and fall asleep with Steve breathing warm and deep beside him. But, well, that was the problem, wasn’t it?
The silence, already awkward, became more pronounced, and Steve could feel his brow furrow underneath the lima beans.
He licked his lips.
She said all this with the arch tone of someone who was recalling something exactly, and yet, Steve could only think of the time when he was eleven, and Frank the butcher’s son swore up and down that Vera Martin thought he was cute.
Despite being the only one of them who didn’t seem to need medical attention, Thor was on the examination chair. It was the only chair he fit in.
He immediately wants to be asleep again. His limbs and head are heavy and numb, and when he sits up it rouses a yawning chasm inside his chest.
“You should talk to him about this,” Rhodey says gently.
Tony pulls the blanket back over his shoulders, leaning back against the couch and staring at the far wall.
Tony feels a sudden chill. The blanket pools around his feet on the workshop floor.
they’d just pull Steve up already; can’t they see the reminder is hurting Tony?” Pepper cried out.
The footage started rolling. “I’ll take that drink now,” Loki’s voice said, and Steve cast one last look at Tony’s face, lit from under by the glow of his tablet, before focusing on the task at hand.
Tony glances over.
“Tell Pepper I’m sorry I couldn’t survive until the board meeting next month. Tell Rhodey that I wrote him out of my will but his mother can have her pick of my cars. Tell Jarvis–”
“Fine, whatever,” Tony eventually sighs, waving a hand as to shoo an annoying mosquito, “Go back to the base. But to one condition: you’re not suiting up until I can see the serum is working properly again. Take it or leave it.”
“S-Steve?” he mumbles, a tight knot in his throat that he didn’t know he had. He uncrosses his arms to stand up again, and leans forwards towards the other man, hands desperately seeking one of his. “Oh my god, you’re awake…”
“I… shouldn’t do that, right? Same rule as the wine?”
above
at them as if they were a secret transceiver that Steve had come up with (although he has the presence of mind not to do this in public, at least). Incidentally, it becomes the only time when he’s actually glad none of his friends can be around him, as that is something bound to cause a spasm of laughter and make him the (rightful) target of recurring jokes, because although he’s so deeply
a proper shield. I took the liberty to… well, make it for you. As a thank you gift. For, y’know, let me stay at your place and feed me for free and…” he stops himself before letting out emotions he doesn’t want to share, still embarrassed by them. “Yeah. Anyway. Here it is.”
you instead, until you stop this tasteless prank, that is.”
to ask Steve all of these questions, but because he knows the other all too well, he’s aware that he
, because that’s a word that can be used when talking about your friends too, you know? You can actually
Steve giggles again, but stays silent now and just throws an amused glance over at him; Tony catches a glimpse of it, and maybe it’s the rain, maybe because he’s tired and there’s been a lot of fighting lately; or maybe because it’s December and the year is almost over, so why not risking it all, leaving the consequences to later? The real reason doesn’t matter in the end, because what Tony ends up doing the moment his breathing goes back to a somewhat normal pace is closing the short distance between them and kissing Steve softly, eyes closed, ignoring the shivers down his spine which may be happening because of the cold rain or out of the raw emotion that has pushed him to do such sudden gesture, so unexpectedly that Steve doesn’t pull away or even flinch, staying there as if he was frozen all over again.
This time, Tony doesn’t hold back.
by it – and when he opens his visor he finds himself surrounded, for the first time in who knows how long, by more or less familiar faces. It happens so suddenly and unexpectedly that for a good minute Tony thinks this is just an hallucination.
“It’s not a problem. It’ll be with you by the end of the week.”
“Listen to me,” the soldier says, and he can smell the minty breath and the warmth already conquering his whole body, and what is he supposed to do now, just pretend it’s not happening or ignore it? Neither is a feasible option. “You need to let me go, and move on. You’re an amazing person, Tony, and I wish it hadn’t come to this, but—“
“Yeah, well, you also said you didn’t want anything to do with me anymore, so kindly fuck off, alright?”
has managed, then he’ll have to revise the whole system, and that could take
, he would never forgive himself if he did… except that’s
“Well, in your defense, I’m the best person to ask an awful lot of questions, being smart
“As I said before, the bank can’t pr—“
Like with most of the decision in his life, Tony hasn’t planned for this one to happen, it sort of just did; could be Saturday evening’s blues, could be the summer ending, could be dozens of other things but the truth simply is that he was missing him. Being an Avenger is not easy, but if you count in owning one of the biggest companies in the whole world on the verge of launching yet another ground-breaking product, then you realize how your life really gets spent either fighting off supervillains or in boring – yet necessary – meetings. And then, if the person you happen to be in love with is
ones. Not the kind who sends their kid to boarding school as soon as possible.
, Tony thinks, knowing well his intentions but decisive as to not give in, not
it would be a better verb, as the cushion is so incredibly soft – when Steve gives an awkward giggle.
“Well, I’m glad you’re agreeing”
“You’ll find a way out of this mess, right Tony?”
has got to be. Then, before he can formulate any sort of response, both of their comms go off.
Tony grumbles something unintelligible in reply and stretches a hand to pass him a bag containing some clean clothes - yet another surprising move. He hadn’t noticed it before, which means Tony must have brought it this morning, although he can’t figure out why especially since he's so dead-set on him not leaving the hospital. He tries to find an explanation whilst getting dressed but comes up short, so he resolves to ask him directly afterwards. it’s just as he’s ready to leave the room that something jumps to his attention, making him forget about all the rest of his thoughts.
“Who put you up to this? Was it Nat? I swear, when are you actually gonna learn not to bet against her?”
. Sure, for now the world is safe, but what if I had stopped in 2013? What would have happened then? You might think this is my ego talking, and maybe a bit
“We don’t want to damage it though…”
Steve smiling.
Surprised, he opens his mouth to say something, but one of the guards beats him to it, her voice growing louder with every word: “Hey, Mr. Billionaire, no touching allowed, step back. And your ten minutes are up.”
“So what, are we just supposed to stay here in the meantime?”
Tony can’t believe the words he’s just heard. What sort of Christmas wizardry is this? He returns Steve’s glance, and for a while he stays silent, because he has no idea what to say, nor
“Oh.”
“FRIDAY, where is Captain Rogers?” he asks as he steps into the elevator to go up.
Steve looks briefly up as to find something inspiring to say or to remember the lines of a poem he wants to recite, but he’s only pretending and he’s not very good at hiding – nor he particularly
“What do you mean, it’s not here?
“Goodbye, General.”
“It just seemed a good place to start… rebuilding our relationship, and I don’t necessarily mean that in a romantic way. I know I promised you we’d talk, and we never did, and to be honest I didn’t give this too much thought, my mind was elsewhere on the way back from space and then when I saw you the words just randomly popped out of my mouth, so… I figured it’d be good to be just the two of us. You know, without distractions.”
like it?”
it. Though even like this, even with his defenses lowered, he still doesn’t think about
a body, after all. He was starting to doubt it.
Tony shrugs, taking another sip, quickly dismissing the fact as a big deal to avoid having to open up even more than he has already. “Yeah well, I also have a company to run
“Good luck with that,” Tony giggles, although ignoring the reason why that’s so funny to him, “Something tells me Fury is not gonna be too happy about our idea, last thing he’ll want to do is doing you any favors.”
right?”
“When did you get back?”
“Oh for godssake…” he sighs, taking both the glasses and the hat off. Still, it takes Peter a couple more seconds to recognize him.
“I’d knock, but there’s no way of doing that, so… Mind if I come in?” he asks from the outside, secretly hoping for a positive answer. It comes, amidst the intonation of a smile. And although he’s not someone who gets easily embarrassed, for some reason he feels his face burning up as he makes his way inside. “Sorry to bother you…” he then adds, but Steve is already propping himself up on his elbows, shaking his head vigorously.
“I’ve been told…” he then admits, just before adding: “But so are
– they took a long walk all around the island, admiring stars impossible to see in big cities because of light pollution and enjoying just how
“Sure, what’s up?”
you – before that? Are we talking about the same person, yes?”
; pretty soon it’s one, two, five minutes after the deadline, but Tony still doesn’t make a move, Steve keeps holding his hand tight, and then almost simultaneously they’re kissing again, their bodies morph into one and neither of them looks at the clock’s projection on the ceiling anymore. Eventually they fall asleep – or, better, they doze off, burned out, not having eaten anything for pretty much the whole day – Steve hugging Tony from behind, holding him tight against his body as if afraid someone might come in and snitch him away if he only let go a tiny bit.
During the surprisingly short journey back his mind is in such a state of array that he starts recording video entries with FRIDAY in order to gain some sort of coherence. He talks about what he has learned at first, but pretty soon he finds himself deviating from his original plan, his thoughts becoming more and more personal as he keeps narrating what’s happened to him during the time in space. When Quill eventually tells him they’ve entered Earth’s orbit, he’s only about a fifth through, but he feels as if he’s just getting started. After thanking the Guardians and stepping into the suit again, he jumps off the ship and before he knows it his home planet’s gravity is pulling him down; it’s only in this moment that he realizes he has no idea where he’s actually heading. Before he started recording himself, he had thought he would use the journey back to figure out exactly where to land. For what Quill had told him, Earth hadn’t changed during his year away, the governments and the institutions were more or less all still the same, although he had also admitted he didn’t know anything more specific. After all, his interest in it was quite relative these days.
“I want
After a few more seconds of stillness, both Carol and Jessica follow Tony’s example, and even Steve, having tried a few times unsuccessfully, eventually manages to bring a roll to his lips, and the tiny squeak of joy that he emits doesn’t go unnoticed to the man sitting next to him, who can’t keep a smile hidden away.
As Tony had more or less anticipated, an alien emergency is exactly what happens the following day, just as he was getting ready to push Steve into the elevator to go shopping, and the not too subtle smile of relief on the other’s face doesn’t go unnoticed either.
“You brought it to the
The sun is on its way out when he finally achieves his goal. He’s lost track of time along the way, and tiredness hits him all at once so that he almost falls asleep in the shower. He decides to skip dinner and go straight to bed.
“Yes, sir,” Steve replies, pressing his body gently against the door as kissing him with a passion that speaks more than a mere apology. And Tony smiles on his lips as tilting his head back so that the other can have his way up and down his neck, sending shivers down his spine and stealing gentle moans that soon enough fill the whole room.
, so if you don’t mind…”
“I’m good, thank you for asking. Listen, the President was wondering whether you’d be available for a meeting today, preferably in the morning.”
Which means the police is going to do it. The realization hits Mr. Field quicker than Tony would have liked: although his sight is blurry now, he can read it in the way the older guy’s body freezes for just a second.
“I can’t, Buck. He was special.”
, but it never left from there.”
the food out there is. Although he had made sure that his suit would be stored with enough resources to ensure his survival for at least a month, he pretty soon realizes that the planets he visits not only have indeed plenty of terrestrial items on their menus, but also provide English descriptions for the local foods, so that he get to try all sorts of new flavors. As weeks turn into months, he pushes his armor farther and farther, his hunger for learning new things – most of them incomprehensible to his human mind – grows deeper and deeper, his thoughts about Earth and the life he knew progressively get lost in the recesses of his mind.
…” Fury replies, shaking his head, but you can tell by the slight difference in his tone that he doesn’t actually think it any longer.
“I might not be a soldier – a
, believe it or not…”
need to hear his voice, seeing he can’t have the comfort of his arms around his body. And still, he knows the day would be useless was he to not do it. In his chest, his heart is still palpitating so fast that he can feel it in the depth of his throat. His head contains only one name. Tony sighs, moving his thumb to press the green icon, but exactly as he’s about to, the phone starts vibrating in his hand, and on the display, under his incredulous eyes, appears five precious letters.
“Wow, tell me you didn’t just go
“Well then…” Steve looks at him again, a slightly different light in his eyes now as he kisses him again, leaving his sentence hanging while his hand leaves Tony’s face to gradually make it all the way down to his belly, lingering on it for a brief moment before slipping gently into his boxers, starting to caress him with soft and measured touches. He swallows, caught somewhat unprepared, and then lets a surprised, little moan escape his lips when he feels the other’s hand
“I have no recollection of this, Stark. Plus, T’Challa told me that you said in the meeting earlier you drank too much last night, so for all I know, you could be making this up, maybe to get me to forgive you or god knows what/ Hell, wouldn’t be the first time, would it?”
“But he’s not now, is he?”
“Okay, so, remember: relax, breathe, and try to have a good time, okay? This is not a test.” Tony says, standing in front of him and fixing the handkerchief in Steve’s jacket so that it looks right. They’re just outside the restaurant, slightly later than expected because Steve spent an awful long time combing his hair in what he called a “presentable way”, just another synonym for his impossibly perfectly parted military style. The moment Tony laid eyes on him, he reached out to it and without a single word of warning he messed it up with a swift movement of his hand, much to Steve’s horror, so that it now looks like someone who didn’t have time to dry his hair after coming out of the shower – exactly the look Tony was going for.
,” he teases him back, half a smirk across his face as he lays a close fist against the other’s chest, fully aware that Steve doesn’t particularly enjoy being called by his former title. That is, unless it’s Tony doing it, and again, he ignores the reason for it. Steve leans a hand on Tony’s wrist, but instead of moving his fist away, he just
in particular – slightly awkward Steve Rogers despite having a body like an armor and the ability to send you KO with just a fist if he only wanted to – and seeing him actually managing to behave like an ordinary, modern man fills his heart with a sense of proudness he didn’t know he had in him.
pulling away as their bodies come in contact – and after exchanging a few pleasantries outside the restaurant, Carol and Jessica take their leave amidst some conspicuous giggling and winking which Tony hopes the other won’t understand the nature of.
, so to speak. Nevertheless, information about it has reached him secondhand, and he remembers enough to pick up on the clues he’s collected throughout the night. He takes his t-shirt off as he walks quickly to the bed where Mark is already lying, entirely naked –
“Makes sense…”
“Yeah, sure, and I’m the Hulk.” he replies, starting to lead him back to the lift.
Tony smiles back and goes sitting on the other’s chair, but doesn’t get the (really subtle) hint behind the invitation and he’s about to keep the conversation going when Steve pulls himself up to a normal sitting position and starts kissing him gently, a hand on his cheek and the other on his.
“Home,” he replies, puzzled by that expression. Where else would I go?
“Really, Nick? Another muscle-man?” the woman rolls her eyes, and for some weird reason her comment hurts, so much so that he diverts his gaze somewhere else to hide the incipit of a blush.
.” Steve gets cut off immediately, and although he can’t see his face, Tony can hear the disappointment and – maybe – sadness in his tone. He’s not making this up. “Let me through, soldier. Before the c—“
I really need to improve the design,
, and not just in that way,” Steve replies, shaking his head and taking a short pause before carrying on, “I can see why you’d say that, admittedly I haven’t been… fully present in the last few months – heck, this whole year, to be honest – but you need to believe me when I say it wasn’t about you. At all. What happened last year, it was hard for me to bounce back from
“I have to say, I’m a bit… offended, Rogers.”
carry
that could stop whatever law rules this alien world from making him spill his guts out. But it doesn’t take a genius to know that he’s fighting a lost cause.
“Hey…” Steve smiles, spotting him on the porch and unlocking the security pin, but before he can add anything else (or even open the door wider than a foot) Tony slides inside and shuts it close again, sliding the lock on and taking a deep breath of relief.
“… Okay?” Tony replies, not convinced by the beginning of that pitch, and frankly quite unsettled. Resources? Position? Sure, he’s got money, that’s a given, but last time he checked he held no official title (if you don’t count ‘retired Avenger’ as one) and had pissed off one of the highest ranked commanders in the US Army in a not so subtle way, coming this close to politely tell him to fuck off.
Steve’s voice brings him back to reality, making him realize that while he was lost in his thoughts the other two had started to walk. He nods, hurrying to catch up with them, and once he does the woman leads them through a series of corridors first and down some stairs after. Only they prove to be a bit too much for him, so after just a few steps he finds himself stretching a hand to touch Steve, needing his support. For some puzzling reason the other almost jumps off his skin.
and figures he might want to help anyone who could convince him that he’s in danger. Sometimes it’s hard to be able to see the bigger picture, especially when you’re only eighteen. Tony learned this on his own skin the hardest way.
. Iron
good, what with his tongue running slowly and precisely along its length just before stopping on the tip, or the way he’s holding his balls tight, as to
Tony is far from convinced, but as he sees Steve’s smile he realizes those words are not just meant to soothe him, they are actually
“Here. I thought you’d like them.” Steve replies awkwardly, offering the bouquet to Tony, who takes it with a genuine smile on his face.
to chase after happiness right now.”
they’re going to get stumped over and over by his
,” Tony reiterates, feeling like they’re meaning the same thing but speaking in two different languages, and this time it’s him who smiles confusedly. “So you’ve found the ring too,” he then adds, thinking maybe he needs to be more
think?”
“But you’ve been living in the present for
“Kids with superpowers. They are… an interesting combination, I’d say. Anyway, I need someone to guide them.”
, do try. You can’t be talking about work when you’re out with someone, you’re gonna bore them to death. And yes,” he hurries to add, already anticipating the question about to leave Steve’s lips, “it doesn’t matter if you’re dating another superhero, although I strongly suggest you don’t go down that route, definitely not advisable.”
“And was it?” Steve wonders, and yes, he genuinely wants to know.
that makes sense,” Tony reiterates, and now he drags his chair backwards to stand up. He’s had enough. This is just a waste of time. He should have just done what he thought best, which was going it alone. No strings attached, no fuss. Damn Steve for talking him into involving the others. Damn Steve for doing what he did yesterday.
In other words, Tony is about to have a proper meltdown, and the worst part is, even if he knows it, he’s at total loss regarding what to do to avoid it, because it’s not quite the continuous lying or the fact that Fury has turned him into a proper Cold War style spy – a role he’s never wanted and that actually despises with every fiber of his being – it’s the almost complete isolation from the life as he knew it before this started. He’s alone, living a double life in a city that resembles New York maybe on Christmas Day (to be generous), the only people he comes in regular contact with are strangers at best and enemies at worst, he’s constantly working and/or worrying about being made and the only company he has once he gets back to the flat is Jocasta, the robot he had initially designed for Steve but that he has now equipped with her own A.I. so that they can play chess together or he can bounce ideas off her. Although he doesn’t want to sound dramatic or over the top (something that he has often been accused of), he simply has no idea how much longer he can keep going like this.
“I feel I’ve mentioned this before, but maybe you forgot. I
it how loud, because he intuitively knows the answer.
do that, Steve.”
it is that the tenth ring is safe. Because now that it’s out of whatever hidden dimension I have been stuck to for the past seven decades, you can bet it’s been calling up to the rest of them ever since. How long do you expect will it be before its location is found?”
“I... uh, thank you, Steve, they’re lovely,” he mumbles, saying his name on purpose as to remind himself just whom exactly he’s talking to. And still, that can’t keep him from leaning in to leave a kiss on the other’s cheek, although he should have really avoided doing that.
“I don’t know how to let you go…” Steve’s words are a feeble whisper almost so unintelligible to his ears that he can’t be sure if he actually said them or if it was his imagination instead; he forces himself to open his eyes, and surely enough he finds the blue ones looking straight into his, fragile and unguarded. He wants to reply something back – anything would do at this point – but before he can his body decides that enough is enough and takes over the wheel, prompting him to grab Steve’s t-shirt to pull him even closer, starting to kiss his lips slowly but hungrily at the same time before sliding his tongue inside his mouth to find his, caressing it gently to extort a muffled moan out of him as his hands are already reaching under his tee to touch his skin, finding it so warm and knowing for a fact his own would be just the same. Steve closes his eyes at his touch and lowers his own hands on the other’s bottom, touching it gently and softly over his trousers, and this time it’s Tony who can’t keep a moan from escaping his lips, warning his brain – or whatever there’s left of it – that there’s no going back at this point, not anymore, but he already knows this and he wishes he can stop, but he just
“But it
? Or even magic rings, for that matter, capable of sheltering a part of the ocean so that it appears only under set circumstances? I was down there for a few days before I found the entrance – and there’s no doubt in my mind that it wasn’t because I wasn’t looking
. “Hm?”
It takes about an hour for him to come back to his senses, and when he does, his body jerks up almost immediately, wanting to resume whatever it was doing when it got unplugged. He blinks the rest of the dizziness away, and comes to a sitting position in what he now recognizes to be his room. He jolts his legs off the bed and stands up, steadying himself against the wall as the predictable lightness in his head overpowers his will, but after a few moments he manages to move his feet without hesitation.
Steve stares at him for a few seconds, his eyes displaying a mix of worry and affection, but ultimately he nods and stands, patting softly Tony’s knee in an understanding gesture. His heart skips a beat, and he holds a sigh in until the door closes behind the man who has just left the room.
you: let me be of assistance.”
“Ah-ha, funny.”
It’s late at night and he’s about to pass out with his head on the desk – same as it’s happened on both previous days – when a prolonged and low beep awakens him all of a sudden. Eyes still heavy with tiredness, he grunts and yawns at the same time as he rubs them, spinning around in his chair before stopping abruptly as seeing what is actually happening.
, he had then realized,
“Dr Geller”
. He’s got bigger worries on his mind right now. He jumps on his feet and hurries to the small safe in the corridor, now missing its door. He kneels in front of it, stretching a hand inside to touch the cold surface. Nothing. He sighs softly, and a second later Steve’s hand is on his shoulder, its owner looking down to him.
He has tons of objections to this plan. One, he’s not a person who runs. Two, jogging in chinos? Highly unadvisable. Plus, sweat? That’s disgusting, and not much better than polluted water for his clothes. But just as he’s getting ready to put these thoughts into a sentence that the other can actually relate to, Steve starts sprinting, leaving him no other choice than to follow him, albeit amongst grunts of protest.
. He simply can’t believe it. In the span of just ten days, he’s gone from being an ex soldier struggling to find a purpose again in a world that seems to be growing pettier and more violent each day, to not only having a full conversation with the man whom he respect more than anyone else in this world, but to actually
Slowly, as if it had a brain of its own, one of his hands slips gently on the other man’s, leaning on it and crossing their fingers together. Tony looks at them as if he was truly mesmerized at what has just happened, and at the same moment he blinks, letting a couple of tears run down freely against his cheeks. He brings Steve’s hand on his lips to leave a kiss on its back, closing his eyes and taking deep breaths to calm himself down, to at least restore some of his composure. Or trying to.
“Thank you.” Tony replies, but before the words can be heard the conversation has already ended. He sighs heavily, then, without waiting for the time he had established, he gives FRIDAY the command to load the suit. Five minutes later, he’s soaring through the different zones of the atmosphere. In ten, he’s leaving the blue planet behind, feeling as light and free as the very first time he flew in the Iron Man suit.
He calls Rhodey beforehand, when he’s about half an hour out, and he’s all too glad that he doesn’t have to ask the question out loud for him to answer.
take a hostage with me.”
he thinks, shaking his head before turning to face Steve’s back again; he doesn’t think he has even flinched in the whole five minutes that Strange was in the room.
“What?” Steve frowns, putting the crown down and looking up to meet his glaze. “Are you getting cold feet, Mr. Stark?” he adds jokingly, but Tony is deadly serious and doesn’t smile back.
, at least – when the box for the password – Tony’s idea, of course – finally appears right in the middle of the screen. He types it in and immediately launches the application to track the ring, and sure enough – after ten seconds that feel like
Tony crosses his arms over his chest, closes his eyes and pretends to fall asleep.
Tony stays silent for a little while, rubbing his eyes to try and get rid of the shadow of his nightmare that is still lingering inside his head as if it was a parasite. Then he takes a deep sigh and leans back against Steve, smiling a bit embarrassed as he looks up at him: “Sorry, that was… weird… and very realistic, shit. Sorry I woke you up.”
Fury pauses at this point – it’s only for a fraction of a second but it’s enough to give Steve clarity on what’s happened before he says it.
“My creations sometimes outsmart me, I figure…” he stops abruptly, realizing that they actually have no time for their usual banters, because although he’s quite confident in his abilities, he doesn’t want to tempt the odds more than absolutely necessary. “I feel… disgusted with myself, St—
know? But we’ve studied the odds, this is the best way we can make sure the United States don’t completely collapse in the next ten years or so. You have to trust me, I have my sources.”
“Perfect, I’ll do that. Don’t worry, Jarvis, I’m fine. I’ll see you later.”
“Sort of. They’re called ‘peacekeeping bases’ now, but that’s just political correctness. People have developed a… uh, taste for it. Doesn’t change the substance though.”
“Bite me…” he replies on the defensive, stretching towards the can to take another sip, but before he can reach it Steve proves to have taken his words
“Oookay pal, you’re starting to sound like
?!” he cuts him off, sitting upright and taking his sunglasses off to look directly into Steve’s eyes, as if this was all part of a very elaborate joke he was late to catch up to.
“Tony here. We’re fine. Loki, he was inside of my head, tried to get me to act out. Didn’t work though, and what’s better, in doing that, he gave away his location. It’s just a few yards away. Hank, Janet, the rings are stored in a small, security bag underneath the passenger’s seat of the SUV. Loki will probably be able to perceive you in a way or another, so Hulk, you need to cause a distraction, but make sure you don’t get too close to him. Steve and I will take care of all the muscle men out here. Head back to the jet as soon as you have secured the rings. We’ll rendezvous there. Everything clear?” A general nod echoes in the comms. “Perfect. Tony out,” he concludes, double-tapping the small earbud to close the communication.
“Years?! Stark, that is
Steve takes a while to understand that he was, in fact, kidding, and that the joke is… well, him. When he finally does, he charges against Tony, punching his sides and stepping on his feet: “You’re such a jerk, you know that?”
“Yeah, sure, why not?” Tony hears himself replying instead, because let’s be honest, despite having a QI of 250, when it comes down to take smart, real life decisions… that’s definitely
“He-hey, you didn’t have to  st— what are you
that’s true
“I know, it’s… wow.” Steve giggles in an attempt to hide a bit of flustering that is now on his face, but Tony is quicker to catch it and grins, deepening the kiss and pulling the other’s face closer to his, a slow shiver running down his spine, making him forget all about his nightmare in a second because all that matters is right in front of him, and nothing can take it away.
Steve stands up now and puts his hands on top of Tony’s shoulders, looking into his eyes and whispering gently: “All I want… is you. The rest I can do without. Besides, we agreed we’ll do this
“Fuck…” he mutters beneath his breath, steadying himself and stretching blindly a hand on the side to put a light on. “How… How are you
“You’ve been busy…” comments Hank, nodding towards the armor before extending a hand forward. Tony takes it and shakes it, then does the same with everyone else, again to avoid silly misunderstandings.
to say it, no matter how many times he tries to put some coherent thought together in his mind. Once they’re in New York again, Pepper and he spend a couple of weeks away from everyone and every possible piece of technology ever invented, alone on a forgotten island in the middle of the Pacific which doesn’t even appear on ordinary maps and very few people even know about. He figures he owns her this much, to say the
“Me neither… I won’t leave you alone, Tony, not again… No matter what happens, I’ll be with you…”
Janet’s voice breaks the spell they both seemed to have fallen under, forcing them to focus on the mission again.
“Actually, yeah. Tell him to bring I.D. along, or I won’t let him in.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you…” he apologizes, a small smile on his lips to hide the beginning of a giggle.
“Well, maybe you ain’t that shy after all…” comes the comment, and he hates it so much because this is
And then, all of a sudden, just as if it was a magic trick –
him… Tony doesn’t know how to deal with, or be witty about it. He looks up at the other man now, giving him a somewhat shy smile – an event more unique than rare – and then pushes his neck gently forward to meet his lips, kissing him softly but superficially, the memory of how their last kiss ended still somehow fresh.
So he starts tinkering with the suits, once again. As it turns out, productivity spikes up when you focus all of your brain on one single task and you don’t have people around you wanting your attention for something else. In little more than a week he completes the MMI Mark, aka his Intergalactic Iron Man Suit, designed to protect his body from all kinds of nasty junk he’s observed fluctuating in space, plus to provide enough food and water
He knows what she’s talking about –
, not anymore.
“Captain Rogers, Director Fury. Our guest just woke up a few minutes ago. Doctor Hang asked me to come fetch you both immediately.”
“Of course, Tony.
He steers himself straight and goes knocking; surely enough his plan starts seeming stupid and absurd now that he’s here: Steve could well be undercover (although he has to admit he still doesn’t understand what he could possibly be doing on what looks to be a
“I don’t know where he is, but I can certainly find out, don’t worry. Is there anything else you need me to report?”
Horrible mistake.
? And where are we? Because this looks like something straight out of a science-fiction movie.”
“Yes, but I’m making it
their kisses – but no matter how hard he tries, his thoughts end up circling back to the government, and politics, and the giant mess that has been happening in the last six months, for what he was told. And punctual as ever, the usual guilt surfaces in him with its million dollars question: could I have stopped it if I had been here? Of course, not as Iron Man, but as Tony Stark, with money, and pressure, and deals, because that’s what the world always wants, isn’t it? The magic words that make everything and everyone – even the most absurd idea – seem like perfectly plausible, just because
Steve shakes his head to himself, and Tony knows in any other occasion he would be protesting, claiming that it’s not fair, that he doesn’t want special treatment or anything of the likes, that he can’t just fluttering his money around to make problems go away.
‘Director’, uh? Steve adds the detail to the mental binder of information about this weird situation he’s keeping in his head. It’s rather slim, but hopefully not for long. He nods, gets up and follows the kid into a nearby room. A big, circular table occupies most of it, and on the wall opposite the entrance there’s an immaculate whiteboard. Yep, this is a conference room alright.
. But he can’t do it at this point, so he says the only other thing that makes sense to him, that can make them both feel better.
“I know, I’m sorry. I’ve had a hard time adjusting to…” his voice trails off, because what is in his mind is ‘still being alive’, but of course he can’t say
“I was gonna say, ‘Please tell me you weren’t gonna leave without saying goodbye’ but it’s very clear that’s exactly what your intentions were so I’ll go with a: ‘What the fuck, Tony?’ instead.”
“It’s
stupid people can be and how much saying those things makes him sick to his stomach, but smirks and pushes even forward, defending the Second Amendment and trying his best to ignore the goosebumps of horror all over his body. At that point, the President comes on stage, they hug and shake hands, and as he rallies the crowd up Tony rushes to the bathroom to splash some fresh water on his face and try to calm down.
It makes perfect sense, of course it does. We’re talking about Pepper, after all, one of the most logical persons he knows. And still, he can’t help but feeling somewhat taken aback by this news.
“What? That’s not what I meant…”
? So far you haven’t told me a single thing about the reason why I’m here.”
“I love you,” he blurts out as soon as he accepts the call, and before the other can say anything, he hurries to ask the question that has been making his head spin since he opened his eyes: “D-Do you still—“
, I guess…” he says, blushing slightly and diverting his glance on the floor, studying it intently.
Standing near the landing pad, his arms crossed over his chest and his eyes scanning the clear sky above for the awaited helicopter, Tony can’t help but having flashbacks of the last time he was in this same position, almost a year ago, although everything else couldn’t be more different now. He’s nervous of course, his fingers relentlessly tapping against his skin, but it’s because he still has the very annoying thought at the back of his mind that Steve got hurt during that ‘secret’ mission of his, and no matter how hard he’s tried to get rid of it, to tell himself that there’s no need to worry for nothing, it’s been keeping emerging almost every night for the past six weeks as soon as he closes his eyes. T’Challa had called a while back after having delivered his message to Steve, and had done his best to reassure him that the other man was indeed as healthy as ever, but for some reason he just couldn’t bring himself to
– a couple of drops of rain fall on his nose; he looks up, sighing in disappointment, already figuring they’re gonna get completely drenched by the time they make it back home.
He’s sure he’s heard him wrong, there’s no other explanation.
“I’ll be in touch…” he glosses over, and without further ado he waves a hand and quickly gains access to the front door, leaving Steve at loss of words in his own living room.
, but he stared at me for so long that I just said yes so he would stop. It was a comedy from the Thirties – I actually remember watching it in the theater when it came out – and it was so funny but I still couldn’t laugh, no matter how hard I tried to. It just… My eyes become watery on their own, it’s like I have no control over them nowadays. That was nice anyway, a few other people ended up watching it with us, which felt like the old times except, well…” his voice trails off, and he snuffles hard, rubbing the back of his hand under his nose before he can continue. “Are you having a party of some sort today then? I think it would be amazing if that was the case, and if it’s not a tradition yet, you should try and create it, if someone can re-write the laws of the afterlife is you, baby. After all, anniversaries are a thing on Earth, why shouldn’t they be over there too? It just seems apt to me. We… There’s gonna be a vigil here in like, ten minutes, I tried telling them that’s not what you would have wanted but I was in a minority, so they went ahead and organized it all the same. There’s gonna be a bunch of people you can’t stand so, I don’t know, maybe look away? Or focus on the ones who really care about you, because they all are gonna be here.”
. Especially those whom you might find interesting. Take it from me.”
“Anyway, Rogers is gonna have to lay low at least until the elections, then, if the worst becomes a reality, phase 2 will have to be put in motion.”
. He nods at Steve so he can go first, sure that if he was to open his mouth again the other would do just the same.
“Uh? What do you mean?” comes the reply, telling him that the other has been up for a while instead, maybe an hour or so.
“How is this low key, exactly?” Steve yells over the helicopter noise, and Tony realizes just now that he has absolutely no idea of what to do or how to greet him. A hug? A handshake? Both?
advice.”
inside the chances that something like this would happen would be close to zero.
“Hop on board, Iron Man.”
“Going
“…” he sighs quietly, and tries to remember when it was the last time that someone had turned him into such a big emotional mess. Oh yeah, it was Steve
“Steve? It’s time…”
he is the one who has to speak – mainly because he’s the one with things to
– no reason to be even more of a burden that he already feels – and is. So he’s stayed in bed, staring at the time ticking away, total silence in the room – perhaps the most noticeable, painful detail he just can’t ignore – ironically so
. He looks around, searching for some hidden clue, but it’s all useless.
“Aw, honey, you might just be...” comes the prompt reply, and Tony can’t believe his own ears
Tony seems to be about all of this. If it was him, he would probably be freaking out, thinking it’s some kind of prank.
happen. I’m
without even having to think it over. And maybe it’s for this very reason he’s back here now, against all common sense or logic, because it’s Christmas Eve and before it all went to shit they used to spend it together, Steve not really having anyone else, he wanting to have him close along with Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, his own little family, each of them alone without the others. And Tony needed that feeling more than he ever voiced out loud, because Christmas 1990 was the last one he spent with his parents, and since then the whole holiday period had been a curse, something to get hopelessly drunk over to forget about it. That is, until Pepper had moved in his house and he felt like decorating again.
“Oh… wow, okay, now I can see what the fuss is all about…” his companion declares, munching away in delight.
, even down to the exact date. It’s been ten years, and still a day doesn’t go by without him thinking about that moment. Nothing has really been the same since then, and it doesn’t help that every single time he tries to make things better, it all ends up backfiring in his face, to the point that now it doesn’t really register as a surprise that most (if not all) of his teammates strongly dislike him. The worst part is, he wouldn’t even care
than a demi-god. Wasn’t that exactly what his father used to repeat to him all the time, ever since he was a kid? Maybe the old man was right after all. Maybe he was just an arrogant jerk.
“… the Stone cannot be used.” Tony sighs, passing a hand over his face in despair. This is much worse than what he had been expecting.
He could ask for more info, even just to make conversation, but it somehow feels superfluous, so he just nods and hums, his gaze returning to the pot.
“Earth to Cap? Are you there?” Tony looks at him and moves his hand in front of his eyes, as if to awaken him from whatever spell he might have fallen under. “I know a kiss from Tony Stark is something out of this world, but c’mon, you’re overreacting now, it wasn’t even a
The idea had come to Joseph one cold winter morning when he had to go and pick his son up from school, after they had called to tell him Steve had a fever so high his eyes were like glass. On the drive back home, Joseph kept throwing glances over to the scrawny kid sitting in the backseat. Why was he so slim, weak and emaciated? Worry and anger are a dangerous mix, especially when associated with a less than ideal mental state. His son looked like a breeze could easily sweep him away. What would happen to him once the soviets revealed their master plan and dropped an atomic bomb on New York City? What then? Right in that moment, Joseph felt it was his
He stays silent for a longer while this time, a real fight happening inside of his brain, but eventually he figures there’s no harm in shooting for the moon: the worst thing that could happen is that it just doesn’t go through.
to him, so
As his mouth receives a taste of metallic blood and artificial air, Tony’s defenses start to quietly crumble down, and before he knows it he’s crying silent tears that drip on Steve’s face as if they were sharing a secret bond that no words could ever manage to fully describe. They kiss again, and this time when their mouths part Steve is actually smiling in what seems like the first real time in a long while.
Then: “You guys go ahead. The team and I will follow once we’re ready.”
Steve can’t even tell which voice belongs to whom anymore. He only knows they all need to
Tony wasn’t expecting anything like this, and is so flabbergasted that he seems to have forgotten how to form a logical sentence in his brain, so all he does is nodding at Steve’s request, blabbering along: “Y-Yes, sure, what is it?”
“Ssso, um, what should we do with it?”
“I know you have a little trip planned…”
to do it.
“I’m sorry, I don’t remember inviting you in, nor giving you permission to use my first name
Steve nods towards the villa: “You said this is all yours, right? Like… Do you have people running the house, or…”
“The deal is… this is not just a present anymore, although it was in the beginning…” he swallows, stretching the box towards Tony who takes it, and, just as he opens it, he hears Steve taking a deep breath before carrying on: “It’s not a ring – it would probably not be safe for you to wear anyway – but it’s a… pledge of my love for you and I was wondering… would you marry me?”
“I’m awake…” now comes the reply, followed by a stretch and a badly hidden yawn. “How are you feeling?”
“W-What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” he yells now – way too loudly, way too
especially
“C’mon, I just shaved. Listen, I’m just here to tell you, I’m gonna be gone for a while.”
“He does not typically explain his reasons behind his decisions, sir. Not to me, anyway.”
“Well, I’ve done what I came here to do, so… I’m gonna go now.” he has to say eventually, to break the impasse, and Steve looks at him flabbergasted, as he couldn’t believe his own ears.
about him is different –
Before Thanos’ acolytes reached New York, he had often envisioned this infamous conversation in his mind, but for the most part it had always been a shouting match between the two of them until one – usually himself – would push the other against the wall and that’d be the end of that talk. With everything that had taken place in those two years – last but not least Steve admitting that he
“Oh, believe me, I actively try not to. But it’s like… I can’t help myself.”
“If he was a regular guy, he wouldn’t even have made it to the hospital.”
, but then again, I guess the times weren’t right for a while. Anyway, I figured if I told you, you would become even more paranoid—“
impressed, you almost got away with it.”
“This could be a long shot, but I need Cyclops to meet me in Brussels when the NATO meeting is. I’ve been doing my job, and it’s time I see results, or I don’t think I’ll be able to keep at it.” He doesn’t know exactly why he’s talking in code, perhaps out of habit or maybe the paranoia is finally getting to him, because even if his end of the line was somehow compromised, it’d be impossible for the Wakandan side to be as well; he pauses, mostly to help words he doesn’t want to say from coming out. “I don’t know, do you have a way of get in touch with him? You’re kinda my last option here.”
. Because what he’s actually getting at is that he’s missed
“I did, but I decided to draw a line when it became a matter of diverting funds and resources to pursue fugitives across the globe. Yes, they went against the law, but they weren’t Avengers anymore at that point, they were basically living like hobos, so I thought we could use that money to do something more… practical, like training new recruits to have people ready in case of an emergency. Which, by the way, it
“I’m not doing it.”
“Whatever you say, dude…” Carol replies, eyes staring up to the ceiling, and before she can add anything else Tony stops and leans a hand on her shoulder, a smirk on his face.
“The kind of offer I can’t refuse?” Steve asks, and he can’t help but smiling widely as catching that reference as he does every single time this happens.
under his fingers. Tony looks down at it and he’s stunned as seeing the other’s face drawn on the surface, along with a phone number. He meets the azure eyes, asking a silent question that Steve nevertheless gets. “I did it before starting to sketch you. I figured just in case you… you know, wanted to remember me or whatever, since we don’t know what is going to happen with… well,
“Pros of having a buzz cut, Tony. Don’t have to worry about your hair.”
? But Fury seems to be reading his mind too now.
I’m officially out of words.”
“What? It’s not about not trusting you, rather…”
– the one from the Forties if you can believe it – an awkward smile on his face and a hand raised as to say hello. “What are you wearing?” Tony sighs, only now realizing just how
In hindsight, he shouldn’t have yelled at Jarvis this morning, even though it certainly was within his rights to get pissed off at him: this is the third dead mouse his companion left right by his pillow while he was asleep, and today is just Wednesday. Of course, he knew this could (and would) happen, the people at the shelter had told him this particular breed (Turkish Angora) has a high disposition towards hunting, which would become more evident around the sixth month of his life. Still, Tony had thought that maybe he could teach Jarvis some manners, the respect towards other animals,
“Sure, what is it?”
. Once they’re back home, Steve would usually cook something up, never failing to steal a compliment (or two) from Tony, who admittedly never got anywhere near stoves and pans in his life. When Steve is at work, he goes down to the SHIELD lab, to tinker on his suit and catch up on the progress mechanics and engineering have made in the last seven decades. In just ten days, his new Iron
“Decorating,” Tony said, gesturing at the tray nearest him. Steve looked.
“It’s just… you seem— quiet.”
“Tony?” Banner groaned. “Are you okay? I thought the Hulk hit you.”
That was worse, but took care of the blush.
The claw rotated again and beeped at him.
It was something like three hours later when Rogers finished talking, when every detail was done and recorded for posterity by JARVIS, including a list of people who could — and couldn’t — be trusted to help them deal with Hydra.
But there was nothing for it. Steve didn’t respond and he didn’t get better. His leaves continued to wilt, went brown and crunchy, and eventually, disintegrated. His leafstalks, once green and soft around Tony’s hard stems, turned brittle and brown. Steve was quite dead.
“I’m good,” Spidey said. Logan grunted.
(She’d only gotten stabbed a little bit.)
“Eighteen minutes,” Storm called.
Pepper Potts caught his eye from across the room, quirking an eyebrow at him. Steve felt his shoulders hunch in response as he smiled sheepishly, and Pepper gave the ceiling an utterly despairing sort of look. Then she turned back to him, jerked her head at Tasha, pointed at the dance floor, and flapped her hand at him in a shooing motion.
“Tony, of course,” Steve smiled, dropping the tabloid back on the table. “And, well. The headlines were ridiculous enough to hook even me, I guess.”
“Yeah, you’d better,” Steve said, smiling. “Gosh, Tony, I really thought with a whole seventh of a second in warning you’d be perfectly prepared and positioned to save my life without jarring my shoulder.”
There was a brief, comfortable silence; everyone mentally prepping for battle. As usual, the silence was broken by Spider-Man.
Steve sighs. “You’re going to catch my cold,” he says tiredly. It’s a weak protest, and he knows it.
“She wasn't happy, though?”
The burgeoning argument was cut off by a sizzling sound and a yelping shriek. When they looked back, ‘the Enigma’ was writhing on the floor, whimpering, “Oh my god, that hurt!”
“Me too,” Natasha said, smiling brightly. “And don’t look now, but Janet’s headed this way with a folder full of what I’m sure are pressing wedding planning emergencies, so. Wanna play hooky?”
“Captain?” Storm popped into the kitchen, holding her phone. “We’ve got a situation. Mr. Stark, if you would contact Iron Man?”
He stays, and fills out paperwork. Edits blueprints for R&D— tinkers until his eyes blur— and he doesn’t imagine Steve, warm in their bed, or the cold, empty spot where Tony usually sleeps.
“‘S’it hurting you?”
“I really, really need you to introduce me to that woman,” Natasha snickered. “Better yet, she should come stay here awhile.”
“Riddle,” Steve chattered.
“Morning,” Tasha smiled.
He reaches out and shakes Steve’s shoulder, gently, and makes his voice sound as normal as he can.
“You have all fought valiantly today,” Thor spoke finally. “Loki escaped because such is his talent, perhaps above all else. To bring him to justice was my task, and I have failed it, but without your intervention my failure might have been even graver than what we see now.” He looked around the room, taking time to make eye contact with all of them except Banner, who was snoring faintly. “For that, I thank you.”
Steve slides off next to him, leaving only his arm spread across Tony’s torso. He props himself up on his elbow for a second to fix the blankets around them, and feels the weight of Tony’s gaze on his face, watching him as he fiddles with the duvet and the throw that Thor knitted for them.
It’s almost exactly what he’d said to Rona Guavez, except for the hesitation at the end, but Steve somehow doubts that Tony had heard any of it.
“Do you recognize personal space?” Tony laughs, holding the wrap away from the cat. It follows the movement of his hand with its head.
Their motel is ahead, a lone glowing sign below the moon. Tony slows, and pulls into the lot, and stops talking.
Still, the question did stick with him. In between ordering dizzying amounts of red, orange, and yellow roses and booking about twelve dozen decoy locations, Steve did kind of begin to wonder.
“But you don’t want to marry me,” Tony says.
Everyone looked at Storm, who was gazing up at the sky through the Mall’s distant glass ceiling.
“Science is amazing,” Steve deadpans. Tony laughs quietly, and then nudges at Steve’s side.
He was in his favorite green velvet armchair, reading a novel about dinosaurs that Hawkeye had recommended, when one of Tony’s bots whirred up to him. He watched, bemused, as it clicked its big single claw at him.
Tony nods stiffly, a sour turn to his lips.
“Sir, you have a call from Colonel Rhodes,” JARVIS says.
Tony froze with his sandwich halfway to his mouth, staring at Steve with wide and unblinking eyes.
Natasha laughed loudest of them all, surprisingly to Steve, who had thought she was the most reserved of the lot of them, but it seemed that was only a strong professionalist exterior— or the flush of several glasses of peach sangria overtaking her natural reserve.
Steve smuggles it under his blankets quickly, squirming to get it wrapped around his body.  Tony can have the comforter now; he tore some of the stuffing out of it anyway.
“Probably for the best,” Steve said gravely. “Luck is an opportunist with a terrible sense of humor.”
Steve ducked his head. “This is really not the time to be discussing his,” he muttered, obscurely glad that Storm wasn’t here to see him being so unprofessional.
All things considered, that wouldn’t be so bad.
“Holy shit,” Rhodey says, shocked. “Did he turn you down?”
She’d been leaning into him on the couch, her head on his shoulder and her face turned into his neck, and he’d been gamely pretending to still be reading his book instead of hyperfocusing on her breath on his skin.
“At least put the soup down first,” Tony says, sounding exasperated. “You’re going to spill it, and electrocute us both, and then Peter will be an orphan. Again.”
Her eyelashes fluttered as she moved away, and Steve quirked a smile. “Goodnight.”
