Sit and discuss what we should do next... Those words sparked dread in John, but something else to, excitement, maybe? The thrill of going back into battle, it seemed to be a terrible thing to get your blood pumping with, but John couldn't help it. He set the kettle on the stove and turned on the gas before moving to lean against the sink side. He watched as Sherlock took the seat facing him on the opposite side of the table.
"But you look tired..."
But I didn't want to talk to him about it, at least not now. I had just seen how he had reacted to his own brother and I didn't want to be in the same position. It was a tensed topic. So I decided to do us both a favour and talk about Moriarty. Not that Sherlock wasn't my priority, he was, (and if I could I would have taken him in my arms to tell him all would be fine, while I would nurse him back to health), but I had to talk about something else now. For Sherlock's best and my own as well.
"Of course."
“It has been recorded, John. I told you Moriarty is dead.”
John breathed nervously as he stepped into his bedroom, slowly closing the door behind him. A massive grin grew on his lips and he let out a squeak of happiness, practically bouncing across towards the bed and he fell back down onto it. The male gently touched his lips, thinking back to how soft Sherlock's skin felt against them. The male hummed and allowed his eyes to close, basking in the warm emotions washing through him before a grin grew on his lips again. He didn't care if they couldn't show their affection towards each other besides in a secret place, all he cared about was that, he had kissed Sherlock's cheek and not been pushed away!!
John let out a deep sigh of freedom, and gently lowered himself to Sherlock's face again, slowly kissing his lips. He wouldn't start full pelt, no, he didn't want to overwhelm Sherlock. A build up would be better. John increased his passion in his kiss slightly, he wouldn't grind yet. A fire always started with small twigs and leaves, putting on top much at the start would cause it to suffocate, it was just like their situation. He would do it slowly, intimately, gently.
“Hm, no time. I have to go to Baker Street now that Moriarty's back.”
John lazily checked his pulse for any concerning signs, and he found none. Still... Now that he thought about it, what if Sherlock's fear was right? Maybe he was on the verge of dying? The thought unsettled him, and although he felt weighed down terribly by tiredness, he didn't feel comfortable falling asleep. He didn't know if he could stay awake for long, he desperately needed a bed, or the confirmation that he could indeed safely sleep. He blinked hard to make himself more aware.
Anyway, now that he was here he could also look for clues. His shoes made that typical noise when he walked over the sand and he wondered if John could ever forgive him or understand once the work was done. Sherlock wasn't even allowed to turn around and look at him. He had to play his role. He didn't care. He didn't care. He told that to himself over and over again.
He walked up and down the restroom. They only had a short amount of time until somebody from the restaurant would enter and this scene was pretty clear. It was just an ordinary murder. John was the offender... Maybe this even was what Moriarty had wanted! Being shot, John to be arrested, Sherlock and John separated.
Then he left the place. He couldn't think here. Ran into one of the waiters who apologized immediately. Walked through the crowd, ignored them. Called a cab and went to a far off building he had visited often enough already. It was a good place to think. Nobody else came here like, ever.
“I'm fine”, I replied, maybe a bit too harsh, “But what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be with Mary?”
He looked at John and wondered what was going on in that brain of his. Why would he ask him something like that? Friendly worry probably.
Sherlock smiled as he heard that cute name John chose for him, it was just perfect. By now he felt really sleepy, too and just wanted to close his eyes. This day had taken more of his power than it should have.
I wanted him to tell me it wasn't true. To tell me it was some stupid joke. But I knew he wouldn't.
Her eyes looked to her left, and were closely followed by her finger pointing down the hallway.
“Moriarty is dead, no question”, he went on after a short look at Mary, “More importantly: I know exactly what he's going to do next.”
John felt the cold touch of dread creeping up his neck, he tried to swallow it down.
“Sherlock, hang on”, John ran after his tall friend, “Explain. Moriarty's alive then.”
John had dove into deep thoughts and probably he wouldn't even hear what Sherlock was saying but he had to at least try.
So I did as he had said, but it didn't show my usual background, but a collage of John and me as.. as animals. John was a dog, sitting on his armchair just as he did now and me as a raven, staring cluelessly at the screen. It was like a mirror, our heads put together with the animals' bodies like a collage, and all entitled in capital letters with: IT'S GREAT TO HAVE A TRACKING DOG WHEN YOU'RE SO VAIN AND COMPLICATED IT MAKES YOU DULL, AIN'T I RIGHT, SHERLOCK?
John murmured in affection and buried his face into the side of Sherlock's neck, breathing deeply. His back had began to ache slightly from the hard wall behind him, and he needed Sherlock. After a few seconds, he moved his mouth to near Sherlock's ear.
“What's that?”
Tears distorted his view and he entered into a blurred world, but he still knew where his detective sat, shroud in black with a strip of blue down the middle.
I got out of the shower and took the towel. Dreams are nothing. Reality is everything. I had to remember myself on that. Moriarty was somewhere out there. Some figure who wanted to hurt me and John. It was exciting! I would have to find the clues he'd leave for me! And those he didn't plan to leave. There were unknown dangers to face! I dried my hair and put my clothes on. Back to work. I was ready to begin.
They held each other for thirty minutes, enough time for John's tears to stop flowing, and a replacement headache to take over. His cheeks still felt moist. Sherlock had remained within John's grasp, whether he was only tolerating it or also enjoying it, John didn't know, but either way he was grateful. It was a big step for Sherlock to allow John to hold him for this long, a big step in such a short time. His hands loosened from their hold on Sherlock's waist and he moved his head away from the darkness, and into the blinding light that took him a few seconds to adjust to. He rested it on the left hand of his chest, where it fit snugly into the slight dip. The humidity was swiped away by fresh air and it blew across his damp cheeks. Instead of looking at Sherlock, he stared diagonally across to the door, thinking quietly about everything. What was Sherlock thinking? He bet that he was regretting his choice to love the doctor, choosing a partner with so much emotional baggage and unexpected fits of sobbing. Sherlock would definitely benefit from finding a better love, a more compatible match. That didn't, or wouldn't, stop John from loving him though, not even if the world's fate decided upon it. He would still hold a place for him in his heart as the world fell to ruin. That, is love.
John waited for Sherlock to leave, though the detective remained standing in the room. He raised his eyebrows expectantly.
John inhaled deeply and put his hand over his mouth; although he loved Sherlock, there really were times when he tested his patience. He was tempted to throttle Sherlock for that last comment, but subdued his anger and blamed it on lack of sleep. Did Sherlock not understand that a bloody dildo had nearly disappeared up his ass? From the way Sherlock spoke, it sounded like he also needed to catch up on sleep. As for what Harry said, it was hardly surprising, she had always been fond of expressing herself through vulgarities, but leave it to Sherlock to take things too far. He exhaled his breath and his eyelids fluttered open. I love him. I love him. I love him. John reminded himself over and over in his head. "Sherlock, the reason we are not staying here, in this room, is because of this." John said, flourishing his hands towards the sex toy he had sat on moments before, still vibrating.
"I... I only took a couple of mouthfuls and if my headache was the result of that, then the entire cup would've killed me..." John said quietly.
Sherlock's eyes moved fast trying to catch every movement John made, as he knelt in front of him and held his hands. They were nice and warm unlike his own who must have been cold as ice. He somehow wanted to pull them away so that John wouldn't have to be affected by his coldness, but he was too caught up in enjoying the warmth John gave to him.
“Molly?”, Sherlock asked in wonder, “Why would I go out with her? I told you, girlfriends are not my area.”
Hopefully John wouldn't react as he had feared... hopefully he would stay at his side... Sherlock couldn't stand John being mad at him... or even worse – losing him. And hopefully he wouldn't find out that he had been the reason Sherlock had to anaesthetise himself...
When Sherlock had finished his shower he took his boxers and put them back on. Being close to John, falling asleep in his arms would be great, but only with this limitation. He didn't know how he should tell him that he'd prefer it if he did the same. He opened the door again and found John still laying on the bed (hell, had he always been so handsome or was it because they belonged together now?).
Sherlock had to return from his thoughts before he could reply: “No, you didn't... well, you didn't kill Moriarty, but...”
I jumped out of the bed immediately. Probably he had wanted to use the bathroom in the night and had broken down on his way! If he would lie somewhere unconsciously or... worse... I would never forgive myself for not being able to protect him.
John gasped out loudly as Sherlock began to kiss and suck at his neck, letting out a gentle moan "Fuck... Good boy, good solider" he purred loudly, reaching down and squeezing the mans hips with a growl "Mine." He snarled protectively before grabbing his jaw, pulling him away from his wounded shoulder to kiss his lips. Both to show his dominance and to get him away from his shoulder, that part of his body being the only piece he was insecure about.
“You're amazing, John“, Sherlock smiled before he got up. It was only then that he realized that his legs were trembling. Must have been from all the excitement that John had sent through his body. It weren't only his legs, his whole body was in this state.
Sherlock opened the bathroom door and heard John calling to him. He had made the right choice when he had put his suit on. At first he had planned to walk into the living room just with a towel around his hips to see John's reaction to it, but he felt much more comfortable like this.
"S..sorry...", Sherlock said, insecure about what he actually could say.
Previously on „Sherlock“
"I know it is!" John exclaimed tiredly, before wiping his face with his hand, trying to calm himself down, he was better than this, "I know it is..." He repeated, softer and calmer.
“We should“, Sherlock agreed and almost whispered the words into John's hair, but he didn't move either. This moment was calm, it assured a safety he barely had known and he didn't want to leave that for anything in the world. If the choice had been Sherlock's he would have stayed like this forever.
John studied Sherlocks eyes for a moment, a warmth washing through his body before he quickly glancing away "Nothing, Just forget about it" he said before reaching down, Adjusting his boxers slightly which were a size too tight. He ran his fingers through his hair and he hummed "I will be back in a few moments, Make sure you are ready by the time I come out... and dont leave without me this time" he said, his voice slightly sharp with annoyance as he had been left on numerous occasions "I will be back in a few minutes" he said once more before making his way off towards his bedroom to get dressed into the best(worst in Sherlocks opinion) jumper he had, checked shirt and jeans.
John bit his lip before putting his head in his hands. He scratched his eyebrow. "Do you know what poison it was?" He was coming out of his funk now, and his rational mind was returning. He was calming down.
"That means we need some very dark shadows, and a very secluded living space.... How do we find any- AAAH!" John was cut off by an agonising pain slicing through his brain.
Sherlock was lost in John's kiss, he had already closed his eyes, this time to erase anything else but the pleasure. When John's hand met 'him' he breathed in sharply. Out of surprise, yes, but it was also something else. He loved it. He wanted more.
“Me too”, Sherlock whispered and placed a kiss on John's head, “I have known the second we met that we belonged together. And I will never let you go again. I'm sorry for all the hurt I caused you, John”, he continued while holding him close and dearly, “I thought it would be for your best to push you away, that it would be the only way to keep you safe. I just couldn't lose you... please, forgive me...”
John let out a weak chuckle and shook his head "Nope! Didnt hit on her" he chuckled sadly, looking down at his feet as he walked along, following him with a small breath. He ran his fingers through his hair slowly and glanced around the room, swallowing nervously as he shifted so that he was walking besides him "So, where are we going?" He asked curiously, wondering where Sherlock was leading them. John glanced down at the sausage roll and sighed, no longer feeling hungry but he figured that he had best to eat it rather than waste it. John slowly bit into it and sighed, it was warm, tasted nice, but it didnt remove the slight ache in his heart "Im sorry if I have done anything to upset you or something..." he slowly shrugged, glancing up at the sociopath "But you still havent said, where are we going?" He smiled
When he moved again he also felt the dirt again. No, he wasn't oversensitive with regard to naked skin, he slept without his clothes most of the time and he also enjoyed John's soft skin but... now it was just... dirty. It was sweaty and sticky and not nice at all. He tried to find a more comfortable position and moved awkwardly.
“Mary's right, Sherlock. It must be a trap..."
"I didn't say that. There were a bunch of people around who know about these things. They're not as good as me, but they're not bad, and they could have told you."
But Sherlock knew that John couldn't protect him. He was the prey, Moriarty's prize. So it was on Sherlock to protect him. Not to let the feelings in and distract him from the attention he had to pay on everything that would happen.
“We're taking her room. She offered it to us generously!”, Sherlock grinned as he flew up the stairs and came to stand in front of John, still moving up and down in motivation, “Which one is it?”
"We need a room", Sherlock replied, figuring that she didn't care about any of their business. She was tired of this job, simply gave the rooms to the people who wanted them and was glad as soon as they left again.
John's mind still lingered on the unknown pain he had felt in his head, and how it could potentially hit again, at any time. Maybe next time he wouldn't be so lucky..,
He looked at John to see his opinion on this.
"Yeah, I mean, we've been driving for, what, an hour or so now? I might be a bit stiff and slow, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to walk, if I leant against you for support."
John panted heavily when Sherlock pulled away from him quickly, heartbreak washing over him momentarily before realization made his blood run cold. Cameras. Bugging devices. Moriarty. John had completely forgotten. John clenched his fists, angry at himself for forgetting about their safe room. However, now he had done it, he needed to continue to act. Once Sherlock had rushed from the room, John let out a loud angry snarl and he used his arm to angrily knock off a variety of books and Sherlock's cup of tea off the table, causing the mug to smash on the floor. The doctor panted heavily, gripping at one of the chairs before slamming his fist down "Stupid!" He shouted before shaking his head "fuck... I fucked up everything .. Our friendship.." He grumbled, all acting for the possible cameras. John felt his phone vibrate in his pocket before smirking slightly, quickly making his way to his room to get dressed before he rushed down the stairs to meet Sherlock at the address he had been texted, being sure to grab his wallet on the way out to make sure he could pay for his taxi
Sherlock felt very tensed, feeling John work on his trousers and watched him. He didn't move, didn't want to make a mistake, didn't want to move just one bit away and make John think that he didn't want this. Because he did. He did want this. And how much he did! He just had thought that it wouldn't be so fast, that they'd start with something else, do some kind of foreplay, kiss each other, caress each others' bodies. How he wanted to kiss John's chest... while John started to work on Sherlock's trousers he slid his hands under his love's shirt and ran his fingers over the skin. He got a very small fright when the belt was thrown away, but heat started raising up in his body. Feeling John's hands so deep down, so close to those sensitive spots let his desires wake further. He moaned out very slightly as John touched his bare skin, he loved this, but was so helpless at the same time. It was a weird way of being exposed, but he somehow felt safe too. Must have been because of John, but still... nobody had ever seen him like this, nobody had ever touched him like this. And never had he had to think about what to do in such a case. What was he supposed to do?
"I know Sherlock, but remember, I was in a war. My whole day consisted of being scared shitless!" John chuckled quietly, rubbing Sherlock's back consolingly.
"Relief?"
“Yes, Sherlock, you have made that pretty clear. But at the same time you said he was dead. How could that be possible?”
Sherlock looked at John with big eyes when he talked about punishment. He knew what it meant, he had done his research. And although he didn't know what exactly John had in mind, he knew that John would never do anything that would endanger him. So a grin formed on his face as he started to look forward to it.
Sherlock blinked a few times as he tried to understand and finally blushed as he made a guess what that thing would be useful for. He never had had any need to possess anything like it and had stayed out of conversations including the topic, so it was no wonder that he hadn't recognized it immediately. Unlike John. He wondered... no. He didn't want to wonder what John might have done with these kinds of “pleasure-makers” and with whom.
"Yes but they weren't led by your own mind, John..."
How the hell did Sherlock not know what it was? Yes, John had never used one, didn't need to, but it was well known in the world. It's like not knowing what cross-dressing was, you probably won't do it, but you still know about it. Another thing that baffled him, was how he didn't understand John's disgust, it was a fucking dildo for christ's sake! It was one of these taboo things that you wouldn't bring up on a family Sunday roast. It almost made John feel sick to think that Harry actually owned one of these... Sure, it wasn't wrong, but he didn't want to know about it, much less sit on it! He stood there, waiting for Sherlock's response.
I was unable to say any more than that. He hadn't meant to come back. He had planned to die in exile. To leave me alone. Without him. Again.
It wasn't only to wash John's obvious sadness away, it was the truth. He trusted him and if he liked it, why shouldn't Sherlock be appealed to it, too?
Sherlock was impressed by how John could make all those people leave. He was great at commanding. But through all the admiration for his soldier Sherlock kept his mind fixed on what was going on.
Running away with my life, Eastern wind"
“Maybe we really should disappear into the bathroom, you can't concentrate like this”, Sherlock grinned at John. It was more of a joke, but if this could help his soldier to focus again, he'd do it. It was a weird place for anything in that direction, but it was a place where most people wouldn't expect them to... whatever it would be they'd do. And also Sherlock could feel his excitement rise as John reminded him on the image he had just let go. He bit his lip.
“Sherlock, you're alright?”
“And that's also why you didn't admit that you love me?”, he now grinned with some kind of happiness in his eyes.
“Then... what are you thinking about?;
John wanted this too. Of course he did. They wouldn't have done all they did before if he hadn't. Still this was a huge step. An intimacy that Sherlock had never known. But he wanted it now. So he slowly pulled on John's pants, it wasn't easy as they were tight and him being aroused didn't make it easier, but he finally managed to take them off. After that he waited for further orders from his captain.
John lifted his eyebrows slightly. So he had heard him, how? He settled with accepting Sherlock had the ears of a bat, and closed his eyes to listen to the gentle humming of the car. They should really return this to the owners, and boy will Lestrade be pissed off as all hell. God... What have they gotten themselves into? No, not themselves, Moriarty. That bastard.
“Well, we'd have to work in the shadows, found alliances, work without technics... do anything so he doesn't find out what we're doing, but we'll know everything about him.“
“Oh Sherlock”, I heard Mycroft, who layed his hand on my shoulder as I kneeled next to John, trying to bring him back to life, “Haven't I told you not to get involved? Caring is not an advantage.”
A smile formed on Sherlock's face: “See? I told you you would like my plan.”
“You... you think it is a good idea?”
"Where are we going...?" John murmured, trying to free himself from sleep's embrace, but slowly failing.
“Sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side”, Sherlock said as all emotion died on his face. Love, caring... was not an advantage. Mycroft's words that were burnt into his head appeared once again. It was like an impulse. Love – shut it out. Fight it.
After having enjoyed another one of those astoundingly passionate kisses John told him what he would like him to do and this was clearly a thing he could do.
Sherlock felt John's release inside of him and shut his eyes as the doctor continued to ride him. He was nearing completion, and it sent nervous excitement running through his veins. This fuelled his approaching orgasm, his heart was thundering in his ears. It was fucking amazing!
"Yeah, we'll be needing the breakfast, is there, eh, a lift available?"
Sherlock woke up to reality a bit confused, so he looked around to return to the situation he had been in before. As he noticed John on his left he decided to make a funny reference to let him know everything was fine without having to have a huge discussion.
It was not a pleasant thing, having flashbacks to memories situated in the darkest parts of your mind where you never venture into. John knew full well of those nightmares, hello, a former PTSD sufferer here! He felt them lurk and glide past every now and again, he knew the feeling of unprecedented terror as they grew and threatened to pierce their cell, he knew it all.
"Ok, we do have a double bed, on the second floor. Will you be needing breakfast?"
“You didn't hit on that waitress? You're not in your best form, are you?”, Sherlock forced himself to grin as he started to walk towards the place he wanted to go to. The reason for John to leave.
"Sherlock, it's fine! It's fine you daftie!" He giggled, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's forehead before wiping himself clean.
It took me a second to realize that he was talking about the case and not my real thoughts. Of course. How could he have known?
Sherlock stayed silent now. He didn't want John to get angry, because that would raise his blood pressure and pulse which wouldn't be good in this state. So he simply drove on, he didn't know where. It was a difficult question. Where? He decided for a motel. It was a neutral place, maybe they would be left alone there, and be it only for the night.
"John.... I'm... Sorry about that..." He mumbled, avoiding eye contact.
“But the fall is boring, isn't it? You remember my last lesson, don't you?”
"Oh, I... you want me to.. of course." He turned around and left the room. Why did he always miss these things?
At first I didn't move, and if it had been anybody else I would have pushed him away immediately. But this was John. I slowly started to answer the kiss. A whole bunch of emotions ran through my body, a kind of happiness made me shiver, the blood rushed through my veins. He was so tender and gentle. Was this what love felt like? I wanted more of it, I never wanted this to stop. I started to kiss him more passionately, which he took as a sign and pushed me down to the bed.
“Oh, yes. I looked at it to see if Lestrade had been able to make some progress and surprisingly he has. They were able to track down Gareth Skinner and they had asked him several questions, to which he didn't reply. So I've been looking him up. Found out some interesting facts and now we have to go to Scotland Yard to meet him and find out who was behind all this.”
John forgave him... it was relief. Sherlock felt like he was in heaven. He doubted that he could find sleep now, but it surely would be for the best if they got some now. Nobody knew what awaited them tomorrow, and so they had to rest. Also the evening had been so great, he didn't want anything to ruin it.
I didn't know what to say. He had managed to describe how I felt in a way that I never could.
John hastily shot back a step, his affection was not being returned by Sherlock. Why? His cheeks burned, and he looked away. Was this payback for the whole dildo incident? He scratched his neck, something he did when he was uncomfortable, eyes searching for somewhere to look.
“To St. Bartholomew's Hospital“, Sherlock told the driver and gave him the address. He could barely sit still and looked outside the windows. Finally he had something to do. Finally something to keep him distracted from... whatever. His fingers thrummed on his legs as he tried to sit still.
John scrunched his brow in an attempt to remember, but shook his head soon after, "I've been asleep more or less the same time as you, woken up like that as well. As for food.... I can't say I've eaten much recently, nothing except for the odd packet of crisps. And if you were used to the drug, you must've gone through a phase where you /were/ affected by it. Is that possible?"
"I... Can get up," John said, scrabbling around luggishly, "I need... Some help though.. Support too..."
Mycroft was very well aware of the impact John had on Sherlock. And although he would have preferred to do it on his own, this was the only option to keep Sherlock safe.
"I'll make it easy."
John looked outside his window so Sherlock decided to do the same. But he caught himself looking at the man next to him over and over. Why wouldn't he ask him about the case? It was like a fire inside him, burning, he wanted to tell John about the case. But unless he asked Sherlock couldn't tell him. That would be weird, this much he had learned.
John swallowed nervously as he listened to him carefully, nodding carefully "O-Okay, I can find somewhere we could go" he nodded firmly before letting out a sad sigh, wishing they could show affection to each other within the house. The male breathed carefully before slowly stepping forwards "Thank you" he smiled gently before leaning in, lightly pressing his lips against the detectives cheek before slowly pulling away "Im tired... is it okay if I head to sleep now?" He smiled gently at him before gently squeezing Sherlock's hand once more before slowly pulling away, making his way off towards his bedroom, his heart pounding when he realised what he had done. John let out a shy giggle and shook his head, quickly rushing from the room before Sherlock had the chance to stop him this time.
"And she still is a lesbian, just to clarify, but that doesn't stop her trying to fuck a celebrity, which you are Sherlock, don't give me that look!" John warned, pointing at the silent scoff on Sherlock's face. "It doesn't help that she can piss me off whilst she's at it too..."
This is my country, where I was born and bred,
He lifted his hand, he precipitated John down the edge of my bed. But it wasn't just the floor he'd land on anymore, there was a never ending darkness that he'd fall into.
Sherlock simply nodded and drove on to find that motel John had mentioned. He speeded up a bit because he could sense that his strong soldier was in need of rest.
“No! NO! Don't you dare!”
John gave Sherlock an assuring smile when he looked up at him, like a child awaiting their parents' permission... Not exactly the best topic to bring up right before they were going to have sex. They were so close, Sherlock's thumbs were hooked on the elastic. If anyone should be hesitating it was John, he was still unsure whether Sherlock truly wanted this or not. But, if Sherlock was willing to take his pants off... Then he must be ready. He gave a small, single nod.
Mary: She's dead... *gasps* Ohhh I bet she isn't dead. I bet he saved her. Oh my god! *laughs*
“Yes?”, he said, waiting for the caller to reply.
"So the answer's yes, huh? What are we thinking about then? You know I can read minds", Sherlock smirked and lifted an eyebrow. He enjoyed this very much, although he didn't know where this sudden attacking flirty came from. How he was so confident when he usually was so shy about this topic.
"I was the reason you came back? H-how?"
"The blood though..." John whispered, his voice breaking halfway through.
I slowed down when I arrived at the top. Whoever they were, they shouldn't see my fear. It wasn't James Moriarty himself, that much I knew. But that new enemy surely worked the same way. I wouldn't hand them over the superior role just like that. I was going to act as if all was just fine, as if I hadn't been touched the slightest bit.
“John... it's not okay.... I want to be close to you, I do. I just wasn't prepared and didn't know what to do... I told you so before... I'm very new to this, I don't know what people usually do. Please don't be mad at me, I want to be close to you...”
John let out a sigh and slumped his shoulders, looking around the room. This is a blip.... Just a blip in their relationship, it will get better. He stepped into the cubicle, turned on the shower and closed his eyes in relief of the hot water spitting down on him. It relaxed his muscles, which were tight, unbeknown to John. This relaxation lasted for a few minutes, before a sudden knot in his stomach twisted, and sent a wave of nausea flooding over him. His mouth had the sweet taste he usually got just before he vomited. "Oh God!" He mumbled as he flew to the toilet with a hand clasped firmly over his mouth. Luckily, he reached the bowl just as the contents of his stomach lurched forward out of his body and into the u-bend with unflattering splashes. That would be the remaining drugs leaving his system with a vengeance. Good riddance. John wasn't a vocal vomiter, he instead made the muffled gagging sounds as his stomach clenched and emptied itself. One of the things he hated most about being physically sick was the before and after taste, especially the former, it roiled his stomach even more. He was glad, though, to finally be rid of the drugs. It meant no more unexpected surprises. There wasn't much in his stomach, so it only took two or three to fully empty it. He remained hunched over the toilet for a bit, taking in deep breaths to wash out the remaining nausea. John was glad that was over.
John felt rage searing beneath his skin, and he felt himself start to shake. "You mean, you knew, and you didn't tell me?" He asked through gritted teeth.
"Um, last time I remember it was the one opposite to mum's, careful though, there's a couple of steps." John mumbled, leading Sherlock to the room. It was obvious that Harry had not generously given up her room, but John was so tired he couldn't care less. She would have to deal with it in the morning. John felt his feet drag on the carpet, and his eyes were threatening to close by themselves, but he soldiered on. The door opened into a red room, with a messy double bed at the bottom end of the room, and a flung open wardrobe next to the window. Clothes and lingerie were spread all over, like some sort of fashion bomb had exploded in the room. John went to collapse on the strewn bed, only to jump up with a yelp of surprise. Something oblong and hard had started to vibrate underneath him and the sheets. Yep, this was Harry's room alright. John grimaced and mouthed 'oh god' as he gingerly nipped the sheets away, to reveal in all its 12 inch glory, precisely what John had been dreading. He turned to Sherlock and said simply: "We can't stay in this room."
. Do you have the first idea how lucky you are?! Yes, she's a lunatic, she's a criminal, she's insanely dangerous,
John smirked when he could see the panic and fear flood the detectives eyes, the solider chuckling to himself and he shifted his hands up to cup Sherlocks face "Stop overthinking things... touch where and whatever you want... if you want to run your fingers through my hair, then do it... if you want to touch somewhere else, then do it" he breathed before leaning into his neck, slowly kissing along it and gently biting down, sucking at the pale skin. John was beginning to get oversensitive though due to how much Sherlock was caressing his hair so he reached out, taking The detectives hands and placing them down onto his ass "Squeeze" he growled into his ear before gently nibbling at his ear lobe.
Buzz buzz buzz... BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ! Tired eyes slowly peeled open and a groan escaped dry lips. The male turned slowly in his half asleep state, blindly reaching out and slamming his hand down onto his alarm in an attempt to stop it "Fucking hell.." he grumbled, head throbbing as he forced himself to sit up his heavy body. John rested his head in his hand for a moment, the war broken doctor had only had a few hours sleep the night before, his dreams had been riddled with Nightmares and flashbacks. Never the less, John knew he had better get up soon or Sherlock would just end up complaining to him as per usual. John slowly slipped out of the bed, wearing just his PJ shirt and boxers. He allowed his feet to be tucked into his slippers before standing up to make his way from his bedroom.
~ Sherlock's point of view ~
John felt somewhat helpless in Sherlock's arms, something he didn't like too well, but if he were perfectly honest with himself, he wouldn't have made it to the door without falling on the floor again, and it was a relief to feel weightless. This time was an exception. The rocking of Sherlock's pace was relaxing, and John nuzzled the side of his face into Sherlock's shirt. He looked at the kitchen, all around it, and tried to memorise everything. Where the cups where, the bin, the tea.... Next time he came here it would probably be all switched around. He probably wouldn't be allowed to come back, if it were up to Harry, who had decided not to say goodbye to her older brother for obvious reasons.
“I almost hope he is”, Mycroft stood in the way, “If it saves you from this.”
“We're here to request your help“, Sherlock continued for John who obviously was unable to speak, “As you know who I am I assume that you also know about the danger it can cause. John and I are looking for a safe place to be able to plot in silence.“
John felt Sherlock's gaze on him, and looked into his eyes, he was trying to say something with his body, but John was unsure of what he wanted exactly. He broke away from Sherlock's lips and laid on top of him, his lips brushing his ear.
"It's fine. You're trying." John said tiredly, filling the cup again. He didn't drink anymore, it was probably just something to keep his mind on, the filling of the cup.
John grinned at Sherlock as he walked shakily into the bathroom before sinking into the bed with a sigh. What a roller coaster of a day... He didn't know what to feel, it was like all of his emotions were crammed into his head, happiness, sadness, fear, calmness, all at the same time. Where were they going to go now? John's chest caved in slightly from fear, and the unknown tomorrow that they faced. The feeling that he could do anything was being crumbled by the overpowering sense of helplessness. No... Now was not the time for such thoughts, he was here, now, with Sherlock, loving him like he always would. He shoved the thought to the back of his head and got up to collect his pants and shirt, the heating in the room wasn't too good, and the body temperature he had built up was beginning to stabilise, meaning he was getting cold.
Sherlock had wondered what they were doing in the kitchen so long, probably they were talking about the situation, about their past or anything in that direction, things that people were doing. But he couldn't hear any voices. It must have been quite some time that had passed until they had gone there, so he now followed them. What he witnessed then was something that woman would have to be punished for, no matter if she was the one giving them quarter or not. She was humiliating John, there was no doubt to that, and these were the two things that Sherlock hated in most of the world. Humiliation and John being hurt. It made him truly angry and as he sat down opposite of Harriet he finished reading her. Whatever she would say to him, he would have a reply to it.
He loved how shy Sherlock was in bed, as opposed to his usual arrogant counterpart in public. It was adorable and warmed his heart.
Sherlock said the last sentence explicitly to John and gave him a little smile. After the comment about his coat collar etc. Sherlock knew that John loved it when he was being mysterious. So he simply went into the car, the other ones following him.
The bed squeaked slightly under the new addition of John's weight, and he knew that the other guests would not be getting much sleep tonight. He didn't care. He started to unzip his trousers, and stared up at Sherlock the entire time. They were going to do it, finally, properly. Excitement rushed through his veins and adrenaline caused his heart to pound. Slowly, he slipped his trousers off of his legs and kicked them off of the bed before moving on to doing the same to Sherlock's trousers, which were harder to do because of the belt he wore. It only made the suspense thicken. John whipped it off of Sherlock's waist and threw it so hard that it hit the wall on the opposite side of the room. It made a loud bang, which was what they were about to do. John pushed the detective's trousers down his rear and thighs until he couldn't go any further due to Sherlock's knees digging into the bed. His hands went back up to the elastic of his underpants and he gave it a slight ping before pulling them down over Sherlock's alabaster skin to meet with the pool of his trousers at his knees. He couldn't help but run his hands over the detective's smooth, unblemished skin, and the firm muscle of his rear. How was it so perfect? He was like a Greek statue, with godly characteristics.
John chuckled breathily and stopped his hips before easily pulling out of Sherlock... Thank god for the tissues on the side table! He bent over and took a few out, some for him and Sherlock, no doubt the detective would want to be clean.
Sherlock faced the street again but couldn't hold back a slight smile that appeared on his lips as he thought of John leaning against him. He still didn't understand how this was something special. "Alright then. To a motel."
"You left because it was best for you, it was Harry's fault, may I remind you, that you left. If you hadn't, you wouldn't have had this thrilling new life, you wouldn't have fought for this country, and you most certainly wouldn't have met this fine gentleman standing in front of me." She said, looking over to a Sherlock who gave her an embarrassed nod. "And although Harry says that she stayed here to look after me, she really stayed because she couldn't get on with her life, she couldn't leave, she doesn't even look after me, only the occasional meal and help up the stairs, but I might as well be living on my own." She said, eyes fixed on John.
“There was the sand case, of which you can't tell me that you don't remember it because it was when I...”, he coughed guiltily, “Made you angry... anyway, that's the connection between these two cases and John, Moriarty left a hint for me so I'd figure out what happened in that restroom. He had given another case to me weeks ago, there had been ash in both as he wanted me to compare them...”
"I love you too, you amazing man."
I was about to break down, I could almost feel it, the room was turning around.
So he pushed John backwards without thinking about it and pressed him against the opposite wall. He fixated him with his body and squeezed his lover's upper leg with one hand, while placing the other one with the backside on his cheek. “As you are mine”, he growled looking down on John and started to kiss him passionately.
“What a cute pet you have there, Sherlock. Would be a shame if he got hurt, wouldn't it?”
He felt a pit of guilt and embarrassment open up in his stomach
Sherlock nodded as a reply and got up.
"I can't be away from you....not now." He murmured.
John: That noise.
“As if you weren't already!”, I heard Anderson say from behind. I had to take a deep breath to control myself. A right placed hit would have been the right medicine for that guy, but I knew I couldn't do that. Still, what was he even doing here? What was his use? Mocking Sherlock? He was examaning some part of the floor that surely was irrelevant, Sherlock would have done so minutes ago otherwise. So how did that ignorant piece of... how did he dare insult him?!
The way he had stared at me horrifiedly, the pain that was written on his face, his hallucinations that seemed to terrify him and the desperate moves he had made... I could never forget anything of this scene. And then his breakdown. Not knowing if his heart was still beating or if he had a heart attack. Not knowing if he would survive or if the bloody overdose would kill him.
John paused when he felt Sherlock grab at his arm, able to feel his chest aching as he turned his head to look up at the detective. He slowly met eyes with him and his mouth opened in slight surprise at his words. The male chewed on his bottom lip and shrugged at his first question, opening his mouth to answer him before being cut off by Sherlock who had kept talking. John swallowed nervously and nodded at his words, sniffing slightly before rubbing at his eyes "Okay... I understand what you mean.." he muttered sadly before glancing away from him, chewing at his bottom lip "im sorry I have been getting upset... but at least... at least its nice to know that you do care about me" he smiled sadly, looking up at the detective "thank you" he said, reaching for Sherlocks hand and giving it a small squeeze before pulling back, nervous about touching him "I erm... meh... cant we y'know.. act like we care about each other in private at least...?" He mumbled
John felt Sherlock shaking his head vigorously, and shifted so he could see him. He was frowning, and looked to be in some sort of pain. John's eyebrows knitted together in concern.
As soon as John had followed me into the car he started asking me questions. Loads of questions. And although most of them were irrelevant for the case “Moriarty is back” I listened patiently to every single one of them. Not because I was interested in their content, but because I was happy on a level words couldn't even hope to describe.
“Well Sherlock, congratulations. You surprised me. It's not easy, but you did.”
I was no longer in my bedroom, I was at the scene I had been in years ago. But the roles were switched. John had jumped, I had watched. He was laying on the floor, dead, bleeding, and I was fighting my way through the people surrounding him. “John!”, I screamed. This couldn't be true.
He liked it black with two sugars, always has, always will. John, however, was more of a lightweight, and preferred his tea with milk and 4 sugars.
~ Sherlock's point of view~
John turned to face Sherlock, reaching up to cup his cheeks before pulling him down closer. The male studied Sherlock's eyes, searching for any sign of the usual cool, calm detective but he found no such thing. He let out a slow breath, Trying to stay calm himself "Alright... Alright okay, We need to get a car, I know where we can go, but is quite a ride away, is that alright?" He asked him, Studying Sherlocks eyes for a moment before gently smiling at him, Leaning in close before kissing his lips slowly, Running a hand along Sherlock's shoulder before he pulled back "It will be okay... Come on, we need to get a car." He said firmly before tugging him down the street, trying to think of the best way to go about it... They could ask Mycroft? But He was almost positive that Sherlock wouldn't want his brothers help. "Sherlock, do you still have DI Lestrades ID, im going to.. Need to steal a car" he said firmly, glancing over to Sherlock with a Serious look in his eye
Then he opened the door and went to face Moriarty. He had nothing to hold against him and still... he could put the plan into action now.
“John...“, Sherlock said and forced himself to keep those thoughts away. John was safety, John was kind, John was now, the past was in the past.
Those words that John uttered left a longing in him to kiss his Captain, but he held himself back. Maybe now was not the right moment. Instead he clung to his arms and tried to find protection.
The body had several scratches, it's condition showed that it had been on the ground of the river for 11 days and a half, the last sand murder had happened 3 days ago. Sherlock looked at her clothes. They had been quite expensive. Lower upperclass, he presumed. There had been jewelry on her before, her neck showed lines where her tent was brighter, as well as around her left wrist. There were no green imprints so it must have been gold or silver at least.
“You wouldn't do that. The second you shoot John you'd lose all control over me”, Sherlock replied and acted calm.
“This is all my fault...“, Sherlock finally managed to say, but broke the eye contact with John after having said this. It was with no doubt and he couldn't just look into the eyes of the man he loved with this knowledge.
John hoped that his tiredness would wear away as it often did, and he decided for the mean time to suck it up and get on with it. Beside him, Sherlock had fallen quiet, John didn't know whether it was because he was focusing, or because he didn't want to provoke him. The silence was unsettling, it made John squirm slightly in his seat. Perhaps putting on the radio would levitate the atmosphere? John switched on the radio and lowered the volume, he was still cautious. The music came through as a background noise, and it calmed John's nerves down. His eyes were still heavy, but sleep wasn't looming over him as it was before.
John just nodded, then he went outside the plane. He simply had to be with Sherlock now.
He made a pause and thought a moment before he continued: “I'm on your side, don't forget that. Whatever will happen, we'll go through this together.”
Yes! Yes that was it! My smart John, what would I do without him?
He wanted to say it back, he really did, but he just couldn't. His lips wouldn't obey. He could barely talk at all and these words, they meant so much. Sherlock truly loved John, he had loved him from the very beginning, although he wouldn't have admitted it back then, but he had.
John gave Sherlock a gentle and loving smile as he cupped his cheek, the doctor shifting into the touch of Sherlock's gloved hand "I'm glad... Looking forward to the hotel" he muttered before turning his head to gently kiss the palm of Sherlock's hand. "We can stop Moriarty together ... I promise Sherlock... I promise" he muttered quietly before studying his detective carefully for a few moments, a light smile on his lips. "It makes me happy to call you my boyfriend... I just wish I could kiss you right now" he chuckled softly before gently squeezing Sherlock's hand.
“No!”, Sherlock screamed and rushed towards him, trying to help him, “John! John!”
“That's fine, isn't it? A day off, won't that be nice? Come on John, let's grab some food and go for a walk!”, Sherlock shouted excitedly as he took John's arm for a second. He then let it go, and went to the exit door. He was sure John would follow him, even if it would take a moment, but then he'd be behind him again.
"I... I'm sorry?", Sherlock tried to apologize. He had just wanted to help. But no matter what he had said wrongly, he didn't let John go just one bit. He held him just as close as before. He would always be there for him and protect him.
John paused when he listened to the other male say that he was the expert in all of this, a small smile growing on his lips and he shook his head "Actually no... you are the first guy I have ever been with, so im just as new to this as you are" he chuckled quietly, stepping forwards and lightly pressing his lips against Sherlocks forehead before moving away from him, making his way across to his wardrobe. He could tell that Sherlock was a little uncomfortable at the fact that John would just sleep in his boxers, so he reached into his wardrobe and found himself a overly large, soft pj top which just covered his arse. He adjusted it slightly once he got it on before turning towards Sherlock, a loving smile on his lips before he pulled out a second Large Shirt "Here, wear this, they are the most comfy ones I have" he said, passing Sherlock the tshirt to wear before John slowly slipped under the bedsheets, Waiting for Sherlock to get changed before he gently patted the space next to him "Come here my love, lay next to me and then I can move us both into better positions"
“What do you mean?“, Sherlock asked, still standing next to the bed and looking at John in worry.
Sherlock knew that it was a lot. He didn't have just had an emotional breakdown for nothing. Where should he even start?
“Maybe he was just lucky?”, Lestrade suggested.
“Well, thank you for your... support... and the... the last night, John”, Sherlock stuttered as he got away from him and got up, “I'm going to... get ready for the day, have a shower. … See you.”
“Sherlock... promise me?”, Mycroft insisted, almost begged, letting through a bit of caring in his voice and look. Sherlock had no idea how to react to that. Caring was not an advantage. And suddenly Mycroft broke his own rule? Sherlock had forgotten how emotions looked on his brother. He was confused and a bit tended to give in. But no. He had to shut people out. John was a risk already, but with him the emotions were so strong that he had given up the fight. Then he realized that it was Mycroft who had even brought him to this situation, to losing John, leaving home. What a great deal he had made with the government.
John looked down at his shoes guiltily. It didn't seem right that Sherlock was doing everything for him, and treating him like an infant. He understood to some extent he needed to be coddled, but at this level it made John slightly uncomfortable. Without Sherlock, however, he would still be on the floor. The soldier part of him made it so he felt weak in times of injury, this probably stemmed from when he had been shot, and had a psychosomatic limp. He had gotten over it, soldiered on, one might say, it wasn't completely out of the blue, his hatred of appearing weak. But he knew that being protective was Sherlock's way of showing how much he meant to him, and for that he couldn't be angry. It was nice, to be so visibly loved, so much that he had attacked his sister for speaking against him.
When John entered him Sherlock let out a moan louder than all those before. It was incredible. It hurt, yes, but it was also a big pleasure, it was a mix of both and that was exciting. When John found a rhythm it was like he was pushing him to heaven. He could feel how he himself got harder too and felt the impulse to touch himself.
Sherlock couldn't help but smiled because of John's kiss.
His mind was racing but there was no solution, nothing to say that would make it better.
"We would have to think faster than him. Know what he'll do next, before he can do it, and be at his hiding place while he's still there to watch us", the detective replied, thinking about what those steps could be. But without anything to go by the details were way too vague.
Sherlock looked down on the floor as he didn't know what to say to that. These social situations had never required his attention, and suddenly he had to be careful with his words, because he cared if he hurt the person he was talking to. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier", he said, thinking that an apology could be the right choice, "Do you, um, want a hug or anything?"
John returned the kiss and grinned into it. His head was growing light from the adrenaline and increased air intake.
COME, FIND ME!
“And you don't mind?“, Sherlock asked in worry; he didn't want to leave John alone, didn't want to ruin the mood.
"And that's a typical Sherlock answer right there." John said, pointing at Sherlock, "It never occurred to you, even once in this brief time, that it maybe didn't have something to do with being a smart arse?"
Sherlock went downstairs, got some clothes from his room and soon he stood in the shower. He didn't even know where to start. Two topics were fighting for his attention. John. Moriarty. Love. Fear. John and he had kissed, they had spent the night together. What was to follow that? Moriarty was a threat, he endangered that happiness he had found with John. What would be his next step? Questions, questions. And Sherlock helplessly caught in the middle, weak, having a pressure point. He had to do something about it. And he had to figure out what these feelings were. Of course it was love, he had worked that out quite some time ago, but it was new to him and he didn't know how well he could handle it. He had never planned on getting involved, on caring about somebody else. But in the end it was inevitable.
He caught on to the fact that Sherlock was shielding his face on purpose to hide the embarrassment, and felt a pit of guiltiness. Had he forced Sherlock to feel compelled to do it?
It was quite interesting how he was focusing only on that one topic anymore. Maybe that was why people missed so many important details? But Sherlock could understand their excitement. He had deeply enjoyed what John and he had shared until now and he expected their future interactions to be even more enjoyable.
~ John's point of view ~
I didn't lose John. He was here with me, excited, nosy and lovely as ever. I was sitting next to him, so close that I could have held his hand if I hadn't been able to control myself. So close I could have stolen a kiss...
“John?”, I shouted as I left the bathroom, “I'm finished. You can go in there now.”
"I can handle it just fine now!" John said happily, striding slowly into the metal box.
“You couldn't stand the fact of never seeing me again. Of course you didn't tell me that you were on a suicide mission, that you wouldn't return. You are not as heartless as you might think, Sherlock.”
John pressed Sherlock back onto the bed, along with himself still in the detective's embrace. He was scared to go back to sleep, in case his nightmare came back to haunt him. From the corner of his eye he looked at the time on the digital clock. 4.... in the afternoon. God their body clocks were going to be out of whack, John was sure they would end up nocturnal. Sherlock's arm acted as a pillow, but John didn't apply all of his weight to it, in case it hurt him, so his head remained lifted slightly, which was very uncomfortable on his neck.
Sherlock: Oh, okay, that's good.
After the emergency doctor had done what I couldn't and assured us that after a rest all would be fine (well, as fine as it could be in this situation), I had told Lestrade that I would be able to handle things on my own now and that he should continue investigating in the case. Sherlock shouldn't have felt like he did for nothing and we needed to find that Gareth Skinner. He could give us valuable information on where to find the head of that new Moriarty organization. And would it only have been so that I could show him what I was really capable of. I wouldn't allow anybody to torture Sherlock like this.
“Why do you always assume I'm up to something?”, Sherlock asked with a kind of disbelief in his voice, but it still was clear he was playing, “We'll be going for a nice walk, not more or less.”
Sherlock could see that John liked what he was doing, that he enjoyed his touch as much as he did himself. So he decided to unbutton John's shirt so that he could reach his bare upper body. Would he like it or stop him? Stop thinking! He ran his fingers over the free skin then, enjoying the muscles that John's body consisted of.
“But when would that have been? We were together the entire time...“
Sherlock grabbed John's arm to stop him from walking away before he could he even realize what he was doing. His brain had stopped to be in charge, no more calculating. His heart was breaking through. He had tried to fight it, but he just couldn't anymore.
He got nervous again when John said that he wanted them to share a bed. It was a huge step. Still Sherlock wanted the same. He couldn't leave now, he didn't want to. The human interaction, the physical contact that could make people feel better and which he had never gotten, he started to understand it now. And all he wished was for John to teach him more of it.
Was he? John was uncertain about Sherlock's promise, but he knew that he meant well in his words, and tried to believe them. He lifted his head into the kiss and returned it on Sherlock's chest.
He moved another step forwards and laughed to himself. “You see, there's always a reason why I'm superior over you. I've got all the aces up my sleeves, and if you kill me, they will turn against you.”
That was the moment he gave in to it. He answered the kiss and placed his one hand at the back of John's neck while with the other one he ran through his hair. He couldn't think no more. Reality had never been more real, he had never felt more alive. His heart was racing, his breath went deeper and harder and in this moment he didn't care about anything that would happen in the outside world.
The detective smiled for he could cause those kind of reactions on John and the demanding pull made him put more passion into it too. He wanted to be with John, he wanted to be so close to him.
He was already playing that scene where he'd break John in his head. He knew what would make him furious, what would make him leave. It was for the best. Once they were apart Moriarty wouldn't expect Sherlock to care about John anymore and he would be safe. Keeping John safe was the number one priority. Everything else had to stand behind. When they had beaten Moriarty, they probably could be together... no. Sherlock couldn't allow himself to these thoughts. He was not what John needed, what anybody needed. He was a high functioning sociopath. He solved crimes, investigated in murders. Wherever he'd go, death would follow him. And John's death was something he couldn't overcome. If John ever died he'd definitely end himself, too.
“What do you think you're doing?”, he shouted and threw something, he didn't even see what, because his whole focus was placed on John, off the table as he jumped up and rushed out of the kitchen.
Sherlock took a deep breath. So he would have to talk now. He actually was good at that but talking about feelings?
Lying on the bed made John realise how knackered he was, even more so after the workout he had just experienced. It was all piling on him, and the mattress was so inviting... But what if Sherlock wanted to continue with what they were doing? He couldn't disappoint Sherlock, especially when it was the first time he had properly opened up. His eyelids grew heavy along with his limbs. No! He blinked hard, and stood up off the bed.
Sherlock was really tired by now, the sleep was conquering his mind. But when John said those special words, he could only smile.
“Is that not what you're supposed to do? I thought everything was said and done, we had been together all night so it was time to continue the morning routine.”
-Sherlock's point of view-
John closed his eyes in relief, God he was thankful for Sherlock sometimes. Again, his mother raised her eyebrows and leaned forward like an excited child.
Sherlock looked at John in surprise about this sudden question. It was something... personal, something... he had tried to erase from his mind and had never completely managed to. "I have...", he admitted silently and hoped that it would at least help John to feel not as alone.
The detective looked at the smaller male next to him, glad that he asked about the elevator. Hadn't there been one, well... but there was. He carefully started to walk John the direction the woman, unnecessary to remember her name, had described. He didn't really like her, what was that caused by? Probably the way she thought of herself, how few interest she showed in others... "John, is that how people see me?", Sherlock asked when they had walked a bit already and the receptionist couldn't hear them anymore.
I-I won't..." John stuttered. He felt like a little boy again, being lectured by his mum. He didn't know what else to say, but luckily his answer was enough to make his mum nod with satisfaction. "So," she started, "Tell me everything."
The cab stopped and Sherlock climbed out of it without saying a word. He saw the place John wanted to go to and walked towards it. He had already made a plan. He had to break John's heart.
"I know, and you are everything to me too." He paused, "See? You're not interested in just yourself, you love others. You love me, Mrs Hudson, Molly... Yes, it may be a select few but they are people other than yourself. It may come to you as a surprise, but they care about you, I care about you, my tin soldier."
“Yes. Moriarty has killed himself when we were on the roof. Now somebody else has taken his place, some power-hungry ex-employee of his, hello by the way, to continue the work he hasn't been able to finish himself. I don't blame you, sir, everybody would be beguiled by such a position and the possibilities Moriarty's network provide. But to get to that position and take over the legacy people are not allowed to know who you really are, so you have to exterminate me.”
“This is blocking my access... let's get rid of it, shall we?”, he moaned in between a few kisses and opened the buttons while he continued his kissing. When finished he went down deeper and started to kiss his soldier's upper body.
John: For gods sake Sherlock, what is it? Just tell me.
John hated how he wasn't in control of his body's violent tremors, or the fact that he had almost blacked out, he could've even died. The unknown and unexpected terrified him to the core. Death is only a heartbeat away, a seconds space between living and nothing but a corpse.
Sherlock giggled in a deep tone by thinking of tomorrow and continued with kissing John's neck this time. He loved to feel the soft skin against his lips and madly enjoyed what they were doing. His hand went through John's hair, rougher than before, but still controlled in a way that he wouldn't get hurt. He loved his soldier's hair. The other hand ran over John's muscles above his shirt.
“I worry about you. The way you have acted today. Haven't I told you not to take the drugs? Look what they do to you.”
When Sherlock felt John moving at his hips he opened his mouth as he probably would have moaned if it had been more than a brush, but the sweet expectation excited him as well. Yes, please. Continue, John. He had intended to say them out loud, but didn't in the end. But he loved what John was doing.
John nodded quickly and smiled at his new lover " Yes Sherlock, Yes I'm fine" he said and quickly pulled him into his arms, holding the detective tightly "You were just having a nightmare, calm down" he muttered before pressing his lips against the other males temple "You are fine... I'm fine... It's all okay" he muttered into his ear before slowly running a hand down his back as he pulled away, a loving smile on his lips before he shifted uncomfortably on the bed, the male usually able to sort out his morning problem but he couldn't with Sherlock in the room.
"Love you too", he answered and wanted to say so much more, tell him how much he loved him, make some comparisons, but he didn't. He just looked at John's beautiful eyes. He wanted to fall asleep in his arms, lay down his head halfly on John's chest and arm, but he didn't know if he would allow it, or if he would want to be held instead, or if he would simply sleep, or, or, or....
The sudden hissing of the shower told John that Sherlock was in, washing himself clean by his standards. It was understandable, it was his first time after all, John would've been surprised if he hadn't been overwhelmed.
“Thank you for the information”, Sherlock replied and acted as if he wanted to leave again, “I'm sure your room will suit us perfectly, as you must have heard these words so often it must be where you send us. I'm already excited what little secrets I will find there.”
“I would return that compliment, but for some reason it was expectable that you'd show up”, I replied, trying to calm down my breath. I hadn't realized that it had fastened because of John before, and the fright Moriarty had given me didn't really slow it down.
John felt Sherlock smile on his shoulder, and equally found one growing on his face. If he could hold Sherlock even tighter he would, but it seemed however tight he held him, it would never be enough. It was like his heart wanted to connect with Sherlock's, pulling John towards it. John felt a warm love inside his pulling heart, that spread to his fingers, and it told him that they could defeat anything that got in their way, whatever form it came in, they could tackle it.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Alright, John, what I'm trying to say is that I probably wouldn't even survive this if I didn't have you. You're the only drug I need anymore, you make me strong, and are strong for me when I can't be and I... I have clearly fallen for you. I love you, too.”
John glanced back at Sherlock and Lestrade, giving him a small smile before turning back towards the people around him "GET OUT" He snarled, eyes darkening before stepping forwards threateningly before closing the door behind them. John let out a breath and turned towards Sherlock and lestrade, frowning deeply as he listened to him speak "Greg? What do you mean?" He growled before rushing forwards and stepping inside the bathroom "What do you mean by there being nothing he-" johns eyes widened as he looked down at the floor, just seeing a small pile of ash "What the fuck....?" He snarled, stepping forwards before looking around the room "Where is he?!"
John resisted his urge, and brought his lips down to Sherlock's forehead, the sensation of Sherlock's fingers in his hair still causing satisfaction to course through his scalp. Then he began to grind against Sherlock's hips, so gentle that he didn't know whether Sherlock would feel it or not.
“You killed an innocent man, John”, Sherlock finally said and felt guilty immediately that he had told him in such a direct way.
"Good morning gentlemen, how can I help you today?"
"Do you know where we're going?" John asked, hoping to kickstart some conversation.
"Don't speak, please...", Sherlock said and knelled down next to John again, offering himself as a pillow, "I'm sure you're not strong enough for that now." The detective put his hand on his own face then, as he looked at his fingers he could see the blood from Harriet's scratches. He sighed in annoyance of her. "Listen, we maybe should get you into a hospital. Although I think that might not be a good idea as Moriarty could be coming at us then... but you need a doctor, and you know very well that I... I can't.."
John was the most interesting, most... beautiful something Sherlock had ever been given the chance to witness. There had never been anything that excited him more than John Watson. He didn't know how he had deserved him, but here he was, sleeping in the same bed, in his arms which fastened the detective's pulse. The way he moved when he breathed and the warmth...
John hummed as he listened to Sherlock speak, slowly pulling back and tapping at his bottom lip as he tried to think of a command that he wanted Sherlock to do. He hummed softly and smirked, slowly stepping backwards to the bed and sitting down. John looked up at the Detective and a smirk grew on his lips as he patted his lap "Sit Soldier." He said firmly, fire in his eyes yet there was a smile on his lips "Don't make me tell you twice or I will punish you" he purred before pulling him in for a deep kiss "And if you want to do something for me.... Bite my neck... Mark it like I did yours... explore my body, note everything down in that mind palace of yours" he purred happily, studying the man who was sat in his lap
Sherlock's hand across his back sent ripples of calmness across John, and although they had no immediate affect, he certainly knew they helped. His deep hushed voice was like a lullaby, softly rocking away his tears and replacing it with warmth. Sherlock's sharp jaw rested on John's head, his soft breaths swept through his hair in slow, equal releases. John tightened his hold around Sherlock, to make sure that he never left. He wasn't pulling away this time. John didn't feel his usually tense posture or the slight resistance he seemed to always acquire when John had touched him, it was like he knew that John needed this. After all, he was a genius, and a detective. His detective, not Harry's, not Scotland Yard's, but Dr. John Watson's.
Sherlock wanted to do something with his hands and not feel so useless, so he put his hands into John's hair and ran threw it while he answered the kiss.
"It can't have been in the tea though you had some to-"
John was sat at home, fully aware that it was getting dark and there was no sign of Sherlock. The male let out a small sigh of disappointment, he had been looking forward to their evening together in the hotel, but now, John was sat at home contemplating trying to find his boyfriend. John reached across to his phone and quickly typed in Sherlock's name to find his contact. The male hesitated as he stared at Sherlock's number... What if Sherlock didn't want him? What if he is just being a burden to Sherlock? What if... Sherlock didn't really want him... John shook his head and frowned at his inner voice, trying to ignore these doubts as he pressed the dial button and held it to his ear. John breathed in slowly through his nose, waiting and waiting for Sherlock to pick up the phone, Just wanting to tell his lover to come home... To him.
"Mm.. I-I don't know I..." John mumbled, eyes focuses on where Sherlock's hand grasped his wrist. Hadn't he just asked what he was doing? That question seemed like he wasn't reciprocating the feeling John had, so why was he suddenly pulling him back? John felt like a child again for the second time that night. His infantile side was telling him to leave the room, to find a safe place in the house alone, away from embarrassment. Sherlock was in the way however, so he stayed in Sherlock's grasp.
“So, do you know a nice place where we could grab something we can eat on the way?”, Sherlock asked his friend as he realized he had no idea where they could get something. He had never needed a snack stall, food had not been important, and if he had needed some he would just have found something somewhere. But John surely was an expert when it came to this.
Sherlock loved John's clothing style, it had a touch of home, it seemed to say 'Yes, you belong here', but right now it was inconvenient. The big pullover and the shirt below, they were much more difficult to get off of him than just some buttons that you could open.
“Since when do you care about what Mycroft says? You could have told me, I would have...”
Sherlock tumbled backwards as she hit him and screamed out of pain. Ugh, this stupid bitch! Why couldn't she just... stop?! Be a normal person that took care of John? John. He was alone in the kitchen now. Wouldn't it be much more... helpful if he went to... help him? When she came at him again he kicked her in the stomach so she actually fell backwards, and he got up again. "You're not even worth it. I'll take care of John now again as you're so obviously not interested in him. I am, he's more important than anything else and so I'll give up on this stupid fight with you. You won, we're leaving. Enjoy your shitty life. Cheers!"
“I'm sorry, I didn't know that”, he replied, “It's not that I don't want to do that. I simply didn't know. And if it's a procedure that you like we can try it.”
So it did work! John increased his rhythm and began to move down slightly (John couldn't reach both Sherlock's groin and mouth, he wasn't that tall). He felt his hips come into contact with Sherlock's raised pelvic bones and gradually, he entered the detective, opening his mouth with pleasure. God, it was tight! He began to thrust with a moderate rhythm.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, hiding in that sweet dark nothing, but John's kisses got through to him and he could feel how his muscles slowly relaxed, how he relaxed. He was thinking too much. Simply thinking too much. John's kiss changed that. It was so wonderful, their lips on each other, like a miracle. Sherlock wanted to get closer to John, but he didn't dare to move as he wasn't wearing any pants anymore. He couldn't just touch him. He couldn't just touch him with those down parts. John wouldn't want that. Or would he?
Sherlock looked at John to see if he'd react the way he had expected. It was impossible that he'd react any different. He had raised his expectations to spend some time together when in the end it had just been to investigate in the case.
"Plan: Shoot him." John said swiftly.
“Hey, listen to me. You know that I can be much worse than that. While she thinks she gets through with this I'll actually be manipulating her. Just trust me, okay?”, Sherlock looked at John and tried to read his mind. He'd always be on his side and he'd never let anything between them. Be it Moriarty or an insane sister. Sherlock would protect his John against everything that could hurt him no matter the cost.
“He cleared off from the rooftop“, I murmured with my fingertips pressed against the sides of my head, trying to focus, “Because I described Moriarty as a spider. It's a show, symbols always please the fans. So he cleared off like some spider, to put the words on the wall.”
“He will present himself”, Sherlock answered me without separating his eyes from the screen, “He will give me a case, just like our original Moriarty did, and I will have to solve it. He will show that he is even better than Moriarty, advertise himself and let people know that a new age of criminal consulting has started. My role is to find out who he is, and, in the end, to have a tragic death, I guess. So that this new principle seems to even be better than the old one. He finished the job Moriarty wasn't able to.”
An innocent... There was a part of him that was scoffing at his shock, it was saying: "But you've killed hundreds of innocents in war, why should one more matter?" And truthfully, John saw the logic in that, so he didn't know why he felt like that, why he was so affected.... Was he rusty? Had the remorse he had buried in Afghanistan crawled back out and returned to him? He had a feeling that he wasn't just mourning the one man in the restroom, but all of the people who were 6 foot under thanks to him. It came crashing onto him.
I dropped the latop at once and ran down the stairs. By the sound of his feet on the wood I knew John was following me.
“Feeling?”, Sherlock asked in wonder about that question. What did his feelings matter in this situation? Also he had calmed down already which has caused him to barely feel anything at all. His emotions were on pilot flame and he was glad about it. Finally he was in control again.
„John, call Lestrade so he can tell us more about her identity“, Sherlock said while he started to look at her hair and the thumbs. He knew who she was, but maybe he had missed something. Although that was very unlikely. But he wanted to include John in his studies.
Sherlock's eyes were moving over the screen as he realized that somebody was talking to him; presumably it was John. Too soon! He hadn't finished his researches yet, didn't figure out where they had to go to find out more about the murderer yet... but he couldn't have told him that.
Sherlock held him even closer. He wouldn't let John go ever again.
John felt cold shock pierce his heart, but it was quickly replaced by the electrifying feeling of excitement. He didn't think that they would get to this. It had been so long since John had experienced.... this sort of love, he feared himself to be rusty. What? Why did he think that? Sherlock was bound to be feeling the same, if not worse.
“Yes, and I know exactly why”, John said, moving a bit closer to me, “Because you had to keep your thoughts away from me.”
Sherlock had to blink a few times to bring himself back to the situation.
"Mmm.... What?"
John panted heavily, guiltily enjoying the buzz of adrenaline going through his body. The doctor shook his head and let out a small sigh, shoving the gun back into his pocket before glancing over at Sherlock, reluctantly sending a text to Lestrade before leaning down, pressing his fingers to Moriarty's neck "dead..." He muttered quietly before glancing back at Sherlock, watching him leave the room. John knew he would need to help him out, since Sherlock wasn't all that great at controlling the crowds. John stepped out of the door and nodded at Sherlock, his face and eyes hardening as he watched the crowds, holding up his hands "Get back now. This is a matter of national security and you need to evacuate the building.... NOW" He shouted, using his discipline, military voice. John stepped forwards, intimidating the people as they surrounded the duo "I said, you need to leave." He growled in a low voice "I WILL NOT SAY IT AGAIN" He shouted which caused them to back off and begin to fill out of the building as they could hear sirens in the distance. John smirked and glanced across to Sherlock, a run of adrenaline running through him as he tapped into his military side.
Sherlock kept standing in the door frame. “Good evening, Mrs. Watson”, he said firmly with a nod as she mentioned him, “I'm Sherlock.”
Sherlock could only blush seeing the way John looked at him. He belonged to John now, and no matter what he was planning to do, he'd willingly give in to it.
"Of course it was your place, you're my boyfriend... you're supposed to worry about me."
“He.. could have cameras hidden here...”, he whispered as he looked deeply into John's eyes. His heart was racing and he looked at John's lips. Sherlock wondered what they would feel like on his own.
Then the caller hung up and Mycroft wished he would have never answered the call. He knew what this message meant. He just had no idea how it was even possible.
"And I'm a vengeful boyfriend with a target of a bullet between that 'criminal mastermind's' eyes."
"No, no. It was drugs. I know these things... I mean... It can't just come back. You were drugged again."
John felt his mouth run dry. "So... So it was a hallucination? I didn't kill Moriarty?" He asked breathlessly.
John didn't relax in Sherlock's grip, but it was comforting. His breaths came in ragged bouts of panting as he tried to calm himself down, but to no prevail. He shook his head. "No! I shot you, but I was aiming for.... I killed you!"
I collapsed to the floor and could only see John rushing towards me. He was safe. That was all that mattered. John. Moriarty was gone. John was here, talking to me, I couldn't understand what he was saying. John. Taking care of me in some way, I didn't really understand what he was doing.
John cracked and he pulled the trigger, hitting Moriarty in the chest with the bullet. John breathed in sharply as he realized what he had done and he dropped the gun, eyes widening when he realized he had just delivered a fatal shot to Moriarty "Shit.." He breathed, watching the criminal fall down to the floor with a thud. John scrambled to the ground and picked up the gun, holding it tightly in his hands and he stepped forwards, glancing up at Sherlock who had an expression of Shock on his face "John... What have you done?" The detective breathed
“You know what? Stay here“, Sherlock said and got up again, returned to the bathroom. If getting up was that difficult for John he wouldn't have to. He took a flannel, held it under the water and took just a little bit of soap before he returned and started to wash John whose eyes were closed already.
“We should get new clothes”, he suggested, “Are there any stores around here?”
"If that's what I need to do, then yes."
“You think so, honey? Well, then let me show you how boring I am!”
Slowly, John leant over and put his hand over Sherlock's left one, running his thumb down the side of his slender fingers.
He punched her in the face and pushed her on the floor. This was enough. Leaving women alone or not, honour or whatever, she had none of that. "HE IS BETTER THAN YOU'LL EVER BE!", Sherlock shouted as he attempted to hit her again, "You should care, for look at what you are! A goddamn fucking whore, laying on the couch all day with her vulgar programs and her alcohol! He cares about people, and you just are a dirty piece of shit. If he didn't care about you I swear, I'd do so much worse!"
"Just a bit..."
"I hope it's down to the drug... and not my ptsd coming back..." John said, his body going numb at the suggestion.
“What a sweet scene”, Jim Moriarty grinned as he stepped into the light, John and Sherlock jumped away from each other in fright, “Wouldn't it be nice to spice it up a bit?”
John rolled his eyes as Sherlock ran down the stairs like a child, the male shaking his head before a grin grew on his lips and the doctor began to make his way after Sherlock, trying to banish the warm feeling from his heart, knowing that he could not get romantically attached to.. Sherlock.. for christ sake, John was straight anyway!!... but even John was beginning to doubt that. A wave of sadness began to wash over the Doctor as he made his way outside, making his way over towards where Sherlock was waiting in a cab. John studied the males profile as he made his way over to the opposite side of the cab, having to remind himself that Sherlock was married to his work and would never feel anything towards the doctor in that way. John sighed, shaking his head quickly before slipping into the taxi which had been impatiently waiting for him to enter. John leant back into the leather seat and instantly looked away from Sherlock, knowing he was going to have to start to distance himself to prevent any further attachment.
Yes. Yes yes yes he was all his. Whatever John was up to, Sherlock was lost to him.
Once he had closed the door Sherlock took a deep breath. Wow. Just - wow. This had been amazing! And it still was! It felt like something that had blocked areas of his brain was now gone and it felt fresh and new and... relieved. What had he been waiting for for so long? But Sherlock knew the answer. It was John. He had waited for John. For the love and trust that only he was capable of. He wouldn't have wanted to go through this experience with anybody else. Sherlock stepped into the shower. It somehow was a shame to wash away the proof of their love. But well, it needed to be done. This wasn't nice. He wouldn't be able to enjoy the rest of the night if he didn't shower now. So he turned on the water and let it run over his body that still reacted sensitively. 'Thank you, John', Sherlock could only think, 'I love you.'
"Yes?" John asked, on edge.
"Are you blushing over there, Doctor Watson?", Sherlock mentioned jokingly and grinned at the other male. He loved this happy mood. This teeny, flirty kind of mood. Hadn't John been weak like he was it probably would have ended in tickling or chasing each other through the halls. But just teasing talk could be nice too.
I was alarmed now. Going back? He couldn't be serious. They'd be waiting for us, it'd be a trap and we'd run into it! They'd kill Sherlock... no, I wouldn't allow that. If I had to... I'd kill them first.
John looked into Sherlock's eyes, and turned away with a sigh. "I know, I know. She just..." He chuckled bitterly, wiping his eye tiredly with his palm, "She just hasn't changed at all. She's manipulative and desperate and bitter that I inherit mum's wedding ring. She had her eye on that for years."
Sherlock hadn't moved from the spot where he had sat down. He had thought of all possible scenarios and had most presumably solved the case. But what he had ended up with didn't satisfy him. It frightened him to death. The sky had already turned dark and there he sat, convoluted, shaking.
Sherlock was confused at first as John moved away from him, but smiled as he saw that it was because he was enjoying the way he treated his hair. So he kept doing it. He was glad he could do him something good, too, for this was the most exciting night Sherlock had had in his entire life. Nothing could compete with being this close to John.
~Sherlock's point of view~
"No, because you're my only helper, John", Sherlock said bitterly, and he knew he wasn't in the right to be mad at him, but the way he acted made him angry, " You're the only one who ever chose to stay at my side, and when I ask you to do these kinds of things of me it's not because I see you as somebody who works for me, but because you're the only one I fully trust."
“What? Sherlock it's..”, what time was it even? I wanted to look at my phone, but it wasn't where I had left it. Of course. “Sherlock, have you seen my phone?”
He sat down on the sofa and started to think.
“Hello, John”, Sherlock managed to say and was mad at himself that he couldn't keep his voice from trembling.
“Yes that's right”, Moriarty's voice said from the laptop, and I finally turned to it to have a look, “Get more comfortable. It's your apartment after all. Let's create a cozy atmosphere.”
Sherlock didn't feel comfortable with leaving John alone in the car, even if it was for this short of a time. He was helpless and couldn't defend himself. The perfect prey. Sherlock hurried to get inside nevertheless. Harriet surely wouldn't let him in again if she got the chance. So he hurried and got their shoes. He looked around and sighed. Would they ever return to this place? Just in case they wouldn't he decided to take a few photos of the rooms, at least the ones of the floor he was in. He didn't want to go upstairs and meet Harriet. When he was finished and carried John's shoes he left. They should never have come here in the first place... Sherlock then got into the car again. “I love you too“, he replied to John and started the engine. They had to get away from here.
"O-or shoot him?"
Sherlock put his hand in front of his mouth in fear, not knowing how to express himself without making John angrier than he already was.
John heard the approaching footsteps of Sherlock and tried to get up using his arms. He was still too weak, and fell back onto the ground. Whatever had happened, it was over suddenly, presumably with Sherlock ending it. God, Harry could really go too far sometimes... He dreaded to think what Mum was thinking about from the racket downstairs.
John smirked slightly as he watched Sherlock climb onto the bed next to him, the doctor chuckling as he licked his lips "You look so Tempting" he chuckled softly before slowly turning towards the male who was laying slightly stiffly "Relax Sherlock..." he muttered before slowly wrapping his arms around Sherlocks waist, his heart pounding as he had thought of this moment ever since he felt him begin to develop feelings for Sherlock. John panted softly and his cheeks turned a deep shade of red, the male pressing his face into Sherlocks neck and he let out a shy giggle "you can.. wrap your arms around me too" he muttered "Just relax... do what you think is best" he muttered quietly before slowly pressing his lips against Sherlocks neck. "I have wanted this my whole life" he grumbled before pulling him in even closer, holding onto the back of his shirt tightly."mine..." he reminded him before biting down on Sherlocks pale neck, sucking the sensitive skin into his mouth to create a dark bruise.
Sherlock had to work hard not to seem annoyed, which he was in a way. Why did John have to make it so difficult for him? "I said that I wanted to figure what the poison was by the notes you've taken. You took notes and I could search them for useful information."
When we arrived at Baker Street Sherlock and I got out of the car. Mary wanted to come along, but I had reminded her on her pregnancy and she finally listened to reason. If it had been just her she, of course, would have taken the risk without the blink of an eye, but we now also had to think of the safety of the child... which made everything even more complicated... but I couldn't think about my feelings for Sherlock right now. He was standing right next to me, which made me shiver, but... I was married to Mary, now. Sherlock had been gone, I had moved on. And now that he was back... the feelings for him which I had tried to fight so hard were, too. I thought they'd go away when building up a life with Mary, but they didn't and... sigh, everything was so complicated!
Mycroft stayed alone, picking up the pieces of the paper, just like he had picked up the pieces of his fragile little brother on his worst day, during his darkest times. Memories tortured him. And the fear that they'd happen all over again. Redbeard...
"Out of the oven and into Harry's fire." He sighed, swinging himself out of Sherlock's hold and up on his two feet.
“You know where I am, come on, don't let me wait...”
Of course John would be fine with it. He was the one who took Sherlock's pants off in the first place. He wouldn't mind. He wouldn't push him away. They had come so far, and no matter what his mind would tell him, Sherlock was turned on by all of the things they had done just now. He was awkward, but John was fine with it. John was fine with all of it. He loved him. He loved him. He loved him. So he dared it and kind of pressed himself against his beloved while he kept kissing him.
John slowly closed his eyes as he listened to the male speak to the taxi driver.. ah, morgue. John rubbed his eyes tiredly before slowly looking over to Sherlock, finding that the detective was watching him. John gave him a sheepish smile, studying the mans eyes briefly before noticing that the man was practically bouncing in his seat, and it was then that he realised that he had no idea what there were doing in the case. John smiled "Well... since you seem so eager, care to tell me what this case is about?" He asked, slowly resting his hands down onto the chair, brushing against Sherlocks gloved hand briefly before he quickly retracted his hand, cheeks a light pink
Then the car stopped, Sherlock jumped out immediately. The case. Focus on the case! You can always talk about the case.
~Mycroft's point of view~
"She was the only other person who was with us, and I don't think your mother did it. She stayed inside her room the entire time and didn't have a reason to hurt you."
He slammed his cup down and held his ears in an attempt to mute the pain and ringing in his head. It felt like something had cut through his brain, like a bullet. In desperation, he clamped shut his eyes and hunched over himself, begging the pain to go away. He was hanging off of the chair, and he fell off, slamming his legs onto the stone floor. It was overtaken by the agony in his head. Sherlock! Where was Sherlock?! He exclaimed in pain and lowered his head to his knees. Air pumped in and out of his lungs frantically.
Although her smile remained consistent, her eyes narrowed ever so slightly at Sherlock's tone, and John elbowed Sherlock subtly to remind him to play nice. The detective didn't give any indicator of whether he understood or not, so John gave it the benefit of the doubt.
John nodded his head
"What the he-" Harry came storming through, annoyed that her program had been disrupted, but upon seeing John in Sherlock's arms on the floor, she was cut short.
“Anything of interest in the newspaper?”, Sherlock asked.
John moved his head back down, registering what Sherlock had said.
Sherlock looked at her in surprise, smiled and blushed a little. She knew who he was! Well, it was difficult not to, but this was John's mother and she already knew him. Hopefully she had gotten a good impression on him so far, as the news either presented him as the hero who saved the day or a fraud.
Was he dying?! An aneurysm, an undetected brain tumour pressing?! He wanted Sherlock! His arms only grasped air, and he returned his palms to his temples in desperation to halt the mind-numbing pain.
John paused when he heard the male begin to speak, slowly turning his head and looking at the detective, a sad and obvious fake smile on his lips "Nothings wrong Sherlock, dont worry about it" he said before slowly closing his eyes, his own words causing his heart to ache and tears began to flow down his cheeks properly before he finally let out a sob, the male never having faced such strong emotions at once. Both love and hate for the man in front of him. John breathed carefully and allowed his eyes to open, a smile on his lips once more "I guess your right, Sentiment is a chemical defect. I mean, here I am, in love with you yet im crying with sadness over being rejected... defeated" he muttered, rubbing at his eyes "I will leave you in peace, I'm sure you would prefer to talk to anyone else right now, even Anderson" he grumbled before making his way towards his bedroom once more
"Yes, thank you. We should sit down and discuss what we're going to do next..." After Sherlock had finished his sentence he walked into the kitchen. Just away from Harriet and her tv. The channel made him nervous. He got out a few cups already and heard how John started to boil the water.
Sherlock slept tight and well and it was only when he felt John being ripped from his arms that he woke up. "John?", he opened his eyes immediately, ready to fight if there was someone attacking them.
John breathed in sharply as he felt Sherlock run his fingers through his hair, His weakness. John let out a gentle groan and shifted in closer, wrapping his arms around his neck slowly and smiling gently as he kissed the male back gently, Loving the feel of the detectives lips against his own. He slowly pulled back, allowing himself to catch his breath before glancing up into Sherlocks eyes, a grin on his lips as he studied them before pulling him back in for a kiss. John chuckled softly as he allowed his hands to slowly slip down his sides and rest on the skinny detectives hips "mine.." he grumbled against his lips, his military side and protectiveness over the detective was beginning to Show. "Mine.. All mine.." he muttered before tugging at the detectives bottom lip, fully aware that he was completely virgin and new to all of this.
But he slowly woke up again as he realized that he had no idea what to do. His hands were still caressing his soldier's hair, but it surely was time to do something else, or wasn't it? What if John was waiting for him to do something? He had no idea what that something would be! Fear started to build itself in Sherlock's mind. How could he ever be enough for John? How could he possibly reach his expectations? … Satisfy him?
“You would have what? Come along? You have to face reality. You're going to be a father soon. You're going to have a real family. I was polite enough not to stand in your way with that so would you please simply accept the fact that I might have fought my way out of there and would have returned and wake up to reality again? There's a threat we've got to deal with, so get prepared. We can't afford the luxury of living in the past.”
John felt heat swarth his face, he must've looked just like a cherry. He bit his lip as images of Sherlock in various states of undress filled his mind's eye. He let out a restrained giggle that sounded like a hiss through his tightened lips. Sherlock knew how to manipulate his thoughts.
"Tell me dears, why have you decided to come and visit this old house? I have a feeling it's not to catch up with Harriet, so indulge an old woman." She said, her blue eyes shining.
“Sherlock?”, I shouted through the apartment as I ran towards the living room, “Sherlock?!”
"I know you're not helpless, John. You are the bravest man I know. And that's what scares me. I know you are able to fight, but what if something goes wrong? It's not only like you couldn't live without me... it's the same way the other way round...."
"Sherlock, do you want to go and take a shower?" John asked as Sherlock shifted and squirmed.
John ignored him as he walked stiffly into the bathroom and took of his clothes to get in the shower.
"Have you ever killed someone Sherlock?"
“Since when do you need other people to solve the case for you? Aren't you smart enough anymore? I'm disappointed in you, ordinary Sherlock.“
John smiled lazily, and hoped Sherlock didn't see the hint of sadness laced through his face. He didn't want to get up and walk back into the fear and edginess of being hunted. This moment, right there, was what he wanted to have with Sherlock every single morning, but in their own room, their own apartment or house, where no one could force them to run and hide like rabbits from dogs. He knew he had willingly entered this life when he has started to love Sherlock, but it didn't hurt to dream. John felt the embrace of tiredness begin to loosen. He focused on the alarm clock behind Sherlock, and tried to make his eyes read the time. 8 am... They could sneak in a few more minutes. Slowly, John brought up his hand so that Sherlock could see what he was doing, and rested it gingerly on the detective's pale, smooth arm. He looked up to see whether Sherlock was reacting negatively or not, thankfully he wasn't. "Hey, wake up sleepy head." John chuckled quietly, his voice barely above a whisper.
The shower was still going... His mind became fuzzy with exhaustion. It was screaming at him to sleep, regain energy, but his stubborn streak was determined to stay awake for Sherlock. If he had a cold shower after him, that might work in waking him up a bit, it was his best shot and it had succeeded in the army on countless nights. A yawn forced its way out of his mouth, but he clamped down his jaws. No. He would not!
But what I didn't understand was why he kept insisting on me to tell him what Moriarty's plans were. He hadn't been interested at all when I had survived...
“Maybe someone burnt Moriarty's corpse”, Anderson suggested and Sherlock sighed in disbelief. Why couldn't people for once just think?
Sherlock grabbed John's wrist: “Where are you going?”
“You're right. I'm just trying to be strong but you know I'm not... I'm a ridiculous man, John, and I... I need you”, he paused a bit before he continued, “I'm at the abandoned factories of Muller. Just a few quarters from Baker Street.”
It was like a mutual agreement, that they would only start discussion after they had readied themselves with a cup of tea. Both of them knew it was coming, but just for a few more minutes they could be the new couple starting to learn about one another in quiet harmony.
John raised his eyebrows and turned his head to smile at Sherlock encouragingly. This man could never cease to surprise him.
He kept looking at him and wondered if he should start with his explanation as he didn't get an answer to that.
"No... No you're, you're nothing like her, Sherlock." John said, hoping Sherlock would buy it. "She was bored with her job, and didn't give us the best customer service... Some things can't be helped, I guess."
So, what was it that Moriarty wanted to achieve? Chaos, Control, Pain. He was mad, his brain like a box of cats, so actually easy to manipulate. He had to be given the feeling that he was winning, that everything worked out the way he wanted.
„Stay back! You're not going to hurt him!“, I shouted in rage. I was really fierce now. He did all this to me and now he wouldn't even let John get out of this?! He could take away my everything, kill me, if it did please him, but he would keep his dirty fingers from my John!
When John took care of his neck again, Sherlock leaned his head to the side so that he could reach it better and bit his lip, trying to remain silent, but he failed. It simply was too good.
“Whatever you like, John, you are the expert after all”, Sherlock smiled while he continued to get undressed.
“Yes”, I said and smiled slightly.
John awoke sharply, and suddenly to Sherlock shouting his name. The adrenaline from his jump ebbed away quickly, and left him with the question as to why he was awoken. He frowned and groaned as he shuffled in disturbance at the slightly painful noise.
But I am sure, as the willow will grow,
And this was not some childish dream... it was reality!
John ran his hands back down Sherlock's neck and underneath his shirt to his warm skin. His hands were icy cold from the lack of heat in the car, and on Sherlock's body was the best place for them to warm up.
She seemed to be reserved, although Sherlock couldn't properly interpret the way she was looking at them, but as she was a smart woman (she had to be, she was related to John after all) she realized that John had come to her in an important matter and so she let them in.
Sherlock was highly impressed by John's mother. Well, for an ordinary person. She was smarter than most people, kind in a way, but not that kind of way that was annoying. She had the same warmth surrounding her that John possessed, and that caused him to rate her even higher than his own parents. Not that they had deserved an award for parenting anyway.
Sherlock smirked. Why shouldn't he tease John a bit? So he continued touching him and for he knew his soldier's sensitive spots it would be way too easy to have him react to it. He got up again and looked down at John who's face seemed to say “I swear to god Sherlock, if you..” but that made it even more tempting. So Sherlock started to kiss John's neck again and ran his fingers through his hair.
Johns eyes widened as the male loomed over him, recognizing that naughty, mischievous look in his eyes. The doctor gasped in Sharply as Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair and kissed along his neck, the doctor unable to stop himself from letting out a soft moan at the feeling, his heart pounding heavily as he ground himself against Sherlock, reaching forwards to unzip Sherlock's trousers which constricted the package within.
He enjoyed the surprise on her face before he turned around and looked at John to offer him his arm saying: “Shall we?”
“John, please. This is difficult for me too...“
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he watched the criminal in front of him, clicking his tongue in irritation "We all know that you are lying Moriarty, I can tell from your shoes and creases in your shirt that you planned on following us" he growled before clenching his fists, noticing that the man had stepped towards the pair. John glanced over at Sherlock, watching his new lover carefully before he clenched his fists, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his gun. The male watched the criminal in front of him, raising the gun towards him "Mr Moriarty, I suggest you back off, or I will shoot you." He said firmly.
“Why not?”, Sherlock replied, but understood that this mess surely wouldn't be comfortable in any way. She let all her clothes lie on the floor, who did something like that? Then he added: “It had been a joke anyway. She had told me we should go to the 'fuck yourself room' which I told her would be hers going by the number she has been told to do so already.” Sherlock smirked. “I doubt that she will tell us any good room to sleep. So John, I think you should just pick any, as you know the house better than I do, as I can see you're very tired and could use some sleep. I don't want to have to carry you around in the end.”
John saw Sherlock's hesitance, and eased up. "Ok, do you want to have time to think of a better plan? I know you're not keen of my idea, and I'm not overly fond of it either. I just can't think of any plan that doesn't involve one of us or one of our loved one's being in danger."
"There's a shotgun beside my bed,
Amelia
Sherlock had followed John and had somehow managed to put a professional look on his face when he had talked to the man. Now he leaned in to the seat and closed his eyes. What John had done was impressive and highly attractive, there was no doubt on that. But Sherlock somehow felt out of character. He couldn't even find himself a reason to laugh because of this ridiculous situation, the adventure and excitement that should have been there. There was only darkness and a fear that seemed to swallow everything else.
“We have to take care of you. We need medicine and a place for you to rest. Basically anything will do“, Sherlock replied as he didn't know what to do and where to go either. This was what made Moriarty different from other... bad guys, from other criminals. He left Sherlock without a clue. It was both exciting and frightening at the same time.
Still it felt weird to be in this position and a grin started to form on his lips. It was ridiculous! Why was it always them to be in these kinds of situations? Sherlock couldn't keep himself from giggling.
I heard something like a “mmmm! Mm mm!” and followed that. It led me to a door. I tried to open it, but it was locked.
John tried to focus on Sherlock's voice, although he was the last person he wanted to talk to. His words became clearer and distinguishable now, John heard him try to explain and apologise. He began to notice his surroundings again, the window to his left, the wardrobe in front of him. He blinked. It wasn't Sherlock's fault, he had only tried to protect him, from precisely this. But, did that mean that Moriarty had nothing to do with this the entire time? And what happened to the body? He wanted to ask Sherlock these questions, but his mouth refused to work. One thing John wanted desperately, was to have Sherlock pull him closer, and hold him tight, to not let go. "Wh..." He gulped, "Where did the body go?" His voice sounded strange and unattached from his body. He hated it.
~John's point of view~
Sherlock watched John fall asleep and watched him for a moment. He was so perfect. So beautiful. And the way he had been understanding earlier... He couldn't have found anyone better. Sherlock laid his head against John's and closed his eyes as well. He didn't ever want to wake up from this dream.
"But you said I did." John said firmly, staring and pointing determinedly at the ground.
Sherlock's warmth surrounded him and it felt like the only place where John belonged in the world. He felt a wave of comfort wash over him as long, slender fingers ran through his hair. He loved the feeling of Sherlock's soft skin on his. It felt... right. He couldn't keep his eyes open any more, even if he tried.
Sherlock: I have to say it now. If I don't then I never will. The reason I have no interest in texting Irene back is... that there's somebody else that I've attached myself to a long time ago.
“The sand-case. The woman found on the ground of the Thames, remember?”
Moriarty?? I looked at John who seemed to be as confused as I was. It was his voice. It definitely was. But how? The laptop, of course...
That second a melody started to play, it was a song.
John's hypothesis about her 'esses' was right, they almost made him wince with how sharp they were.
It was quite ironic really. Although John had worked and studied in a hospital, the thought of staying there as a patient did not sit well with him... The certain smell in the air, different scents for different parts of the hospital, from all sort of diseases and sickness.. No, he would not go to hospital. It sent shivers down his spine.
“If you'd like me to I can do that”, Sherlock suggested as it surely was a more difficult task for John as it was for him. None of her words could really get to him and he he knew how having a feud with your sibling felt like.
"And I was meant to sniff them out like a blind bloodhound? What was the point if me searching for something without even knowing I was doing that? Huh?"
So he rushed out of the plane, Mary following him, John trying to. But Mycroft held him back.
"How the fuck was that meant to help find the poison?" John asked, his voice raising.
“Thank you, John. I actually don't know what to say...”
Now he couldn't help but look up and turn his head to John. He wanted to protect him too...
John rubbed at his tired eyes, trying to wake himself up as he shuffled from his bedroom and towards the kitchen. A massive yawn slipped through his lips and he glanced over to Sherlock who was scanning through his laptop. John sighed and shook his head "Tea?" He called, voice laced with tiredness. "Have you been up all night on that bloody laptop?" He muttered, almost spilling hot water on his hand as he poured the pair two cups of tea, a long string of swear words escaping him before he chuckled to himself. John made his way with both cups of tea, placing Sherlock down next to him on the coaster before glancing at the laptop screen, a small smile curling onto his lips "New case?"
“A dead woman found in the Thames”, Sherlock started right of, the words shooting from his mouth like canonballs, “She was definitely murdered, there was no water in her lungs, somebody cut her thumbs and hair off, but nothing of that is of importance.”
John undid the seatbelt and swung his legs around so they were over the gravel ground. He shut his eyes, inhaled slowly and let it out through his mouth. He braced himself by placing his hands on the door frame, and glanced up at Sherlock. He could do it... He could do it. Gradually, he started to lift himself up from the seat. So far, his legs were remaining stable, and showed no signs of collapsing. Still, the number of patients he had seen recover, only to plummet back down again, it made him wary. He reached halfway when he felt his legs shake ever so slightly, just a tremor but it still sent his hands flying to Sherlock's blazer. Support.... Sherlock held his arms, and pulled him up gently to his feet. A rush of adrenaline hit John, from standing up too fast, and he leant against Sherlock, into the alcove that seemed to be made just for him.
Sherlock still walked around the room as if he was looking for something. He didn't seem to find it.
Sherlock looked at John in consideration. More... or less. It was hard to say. It was like his body did want more, and wasn't he a little old to make a fuss about it? He wanted to be close to John, but did he want to be this close? It was hard to say. He didn't want to disappoint John. He wanted to tell him he was ready, he wanted to be the man he deserved.
The doctor wanted to feel Sherlock's bare skin, the warmth and sensation of it., and the thin barrier of shirt stopped him from doing so. The small moan Sherlock had given out caused a spike of adrenaline to pierce his body and spurred him on in his actions. God, how he wanted that man! John began to unbutton Sherlock's shirt, gradually looping the buttons from out of the fabric. He felt Sherlock's bare legs and arse rest on his calves, warmth seeped into his skin. It felt like his natural state, to be naked with Sherlock, their bodies touching.
John's tone made Sherlock urgently want to do what he asked for and erased all other thoughts. He carried him to the bed and lay him down carefully (under other circumstances he might have thrown him instead). Then he followed him and climbed on him.
John took in a deep breath in an attempt to overcome the approaching wave of emotion and covered his mouth with his hand. He felt his brow crease, and his chin underneath his hand tremble. He could barely register his surroundings, save for the spot on the floor his vision was focused on, it was like his world had blurred into a fog around him, engulfing him.
"It was sarcasm Sherlock." John said, putting his hands on his hips. "But if you're offering, you might as well ask, she might not even talk to you, so be warned."
“Not yet, no”, Sherlock replied to John absently while his mind was working and plotting. It was brilliant! This was how they could defeat him. They had to act and not act in the end. Mix fiction and reality.
"There, see? Gone."
“Before you got into the plane. You said there was something you've always meant to say but then never have, and since it was unlikely that we'd ever meet again you planned to say it then. You might be good when it comes to ashes or sand, but I am observant in some ways, too. I know what it was you meant to say. You wanted to say that you love me.”
Why did Sherlock always have to be cryptic? It only increased John's agitation. "How has he tricked us?"
John's mind lingered on Harry, and as hard as he tried to think of anything else, she wouldn't budge, her blonde hair and button nose. She seemed to sneer in his mind. What had happened to his sister?
Sherlock's attempts at keeping his pleasure unknown to the other guests made John huff quietly to himself in amusement. But, at the same time, he saw it as a challenge, to try and make Sherlock unable to stop himself from shouting. Whilst he was gently kissing his throat, his hand snaked downwards and 'glossed' over Sherlock's member, almost casually, so that it wouldn't be picked up as intentional. A simple slip, that was all...
Suddenly I had realized that I wasn't alone in my bedroom anymore. And it didn't need many deduction skills to find out it was John sitting on my bed. I knew his weight, his smell, the way he breathed, everything.
"You're intentions were, yes."
John hummed as they stepped into the morgue, the Doctor leaning against the wall as he watched Sherlock become excited over the body he was to view. He knew that molly had a massive crush on him, and in all honesty, he found himself getting jealous. The small touches she gave him, the flirtatious smiles and laughs. There were times where he thought that he was going to snap at her for doing it, but he knew that Sherlock would never accept his feelings for him. And here John was, Watching Sherlock deduce a body.
So he sat down and disappeared in his thoughts, relived the situation.
“Lestrade, hand me that newspaper”, I pointed to my table.
“There's nothing here!”, Sherlock shouted and overthrew a table, “That can't be it! He must have left clues, something to go by! He wants me to find him so why can't I find anything?!”
“John, I...”, Sherlock started full of insecurity. He didn't know what to say and looked at him desperately. Why couldn't things be easy? He didn't want for John to leave him again. Sherlock doubted that he could survive that.
Sherlock hadn't really listened to what the place he and John were about to go to would be, but he was sure John had made a good decision. He couldn't have thought of something too far away, the places in town were restaurants, most snack stalls were able to be found at the river.
It was really difficult for Sherlock to understand what John was saying. Hadn't he just told him what he was feeling like? And now he told him to not shut him out... Alright, maybe his choice of words hadn't been the best.
I watched Sherlock sleeping... he was breathing, he was alive. I could still hear the voices, the commotion in the room. The murmurs that weren't silent enough, Donovon and Anderson talking. Lestrade in worry, like Mrs. Hudson. Still nobody rushed to him as I did.
“Tell me where to find the man that painted the words on the wall!“, Moriarty shouted and I stumbled slightly backwards, I wavered, with pain in my head like a lightning that striked into it.
Jim lifted his hands and put on an innocent face “Oh, oh you think this is a threat? I just wanted to pay a visit to my favourite restaurant as I recognized you two. How could I have known that I'd interrupt your sweet tête-à-tête?”
“Please make sure that they record everything correctly and take a bit of that ash with you so I can look at it more precisely.”
“I'll come along”, Sherlock said awkwardly, feeling very uncomfortable under those looks that John was giving to him, “As I said before, choosing this room was meant to be a joke and I'll be glad about any other one that you'll pick.”
*Phone makes Irene noise, Sherlock drinks tea*
Sherlock kept looking at John for a second, considering if he should listen to him, continue this together or not. This had been precisely why he had rejected John during all this time, why he couldn't tell him that he loved him. It was too dangerous. But if he did all this alone now he would lose him just like if he was being killed. How could he forgive him this kind of treason? So he nodded and opened the door of the car, walked around it and opened the door for John as well, ready to hold him in the way that was necessary.
John heard Harry yelling explicits and threats, and closed his eyes tiresomely. What had Sherlock done now? He dreaded to think. Some part of him told him that Sherlock was unsuccessful in the endeavour to find which room they were to stay in, though he didn't know why(!). He heard footsteps come up the stairs, nimble, light steps. Sherlock quickly became visible as he hopped up energetically. "What the hell did you do?" He groaned, as the yells dissolved into frantic grumbling.
That Eastern wind is going to blow,
Sherlock blinked a few times. Second floor. Would John be able to take the stairs? That was yet to be figured out. He would try to carry him if necessary, but Sherlock was getting weak by now as well, It's been a rough day. He even overheard the question that he was being asked.
“If you want to leave me in fear, sir, you should probably also do something for it”, Mycroft said, not willing to simply hang up and leave this be a waste of his precious time, “This silence is not really working.”
“Yes, let's sleep”, Sherlock said in the most loving way he could and cuddled John.
"But what Sherlock?"
Sherlock had followed John and watched him from the door now. If only he could do something... anything to help him. But for once his brilliant mind couldn't figure out how to solve a problem.
John scoffed, not trying to hide himself. "Seriously? You still have to avert your eyes? What do you want Sherlock?"
“And yes, if that's what you'd like to do, let's stay in a hotel tonight”, he now placed his hand on John's cheek, “It will all be fine. We'll figure out how to stop Moriarty, so we can be together...”
"Ow!", he shouted and pulled back his hand but didn't let her get up. "You want a fight? You'll get one!", he said and pulled on her hair, "By the way your insult is interesting, gay girl!"
“Morning”, Sherlock returned absentmindedly, still distracted by all the wonderful features of John.
Sherlock watched John walk away and took a deep breath. This was what he had wanted. He had been successful. Then why did it feel so wrong?
"So," he sighed, head resting on his palm, he chuckled quietly and wiped his face again, "So I don't know," he furrowed his eyebrow and wetted his lips with his tongue, "I don't know what to do with myself. I just found out I bloody killed someone, and then I unleashed a whole armada against you for no apparent reason because I felt I needed it to fuel my ever growing narcissism. And Harry's been bringing back an onslaught of settled guilt that's been eating away at me for 8 years. So..." He searched his brain to see if there was anything else he needed to say, he didn't find anything, "Yeah. That's it."
John wiped his face with his hands. "You literally just said a few minutes ago, when I asked you what the poison was, that that was the reason why I was taking notes, did you not?" He asked slowly, mockingly.
I wouldn't keep John from his happiness. And I didn't even understand. If he could be with his wife, his pregnant wife, why would he stay here with me? That wasn't logical.
Sherlock didn't look up, he stuck as close to John as possible for he was in a constant fear that if he let go of him for even a mere second he could be stolen from him. "He had some huge pain in his head...", Sherlock answered to her but was careful that he didn't speak too loudly so it would hurt John.
She screamed and clawed at Sherlock's face with her nails, cat-style. He continued to pull harshly on her long hair, even ripping out some blonde strands. Her scalp felt like it was on fire, but she wouldn't give up. A mixture of stubbornness and the help of a easily-pressurised mother made a deadly result. This son of a bitch detective was nothing compared to the fights she had gotten into at pubs and clubs. She would make sure he came out with scars.
“Me? No, I'm fine. Perfectly fine. How are you?”, he lied, but knew that John wouldn't buy it.
This is exactly what John didn't want to happen, Sherlock blaming himself. Couldn't he see? It was Moriarty's obsession, not Sherlock's fault for being the root of it! "This is why I didn't want to elaborate, because you would blame yourself when it is not your fault."
It took John 10 minutes to explain everything, all the while she sat quietly, nodding every once in a while. She seemed to understand, unlike Harry, and even brightened up from the invasion of her home by John and Sherlock. When John finished, she straightened up. "Well that's a tale and a half. So you two are together?" John nodded, cheeks reddening. "I didn't know you were gay, but I've already got Harry, it doesn't have the same kick of surprise as hers did, but it's still something new, and it seems that you've got an excellent specimen here Johnny." She said, eyes gleaming mischievously. It seemed that all of John's family took a liking to Sherlock, and not entirely in an innocent way.
"Hmm?"
For the first second Sherlock was surprised that John had come to him, and when he kissed him he felt excited beyond words, especially because of the way he did it. Demanding, irresistible. Then he remembered and pushed John away.
“Not worth it”, he whispered to John, then he got up in a controlled manner and held out his hand to help his beloved to get up, too. After that he walked right up to Harriet and grinned at her: “Too bad you'll never know how naughty I can really be.”
And it was true. John had spoken so well, he had made Sherlock feel... loved and those words... they triggered emotions that he hadn't known he was capable of. Sweet melancholia mixed with happiness.
“I have been having an eye on several murders that have been committed over the last months. There are no connections between them except one: The delinquent always left a small pile of sand.”
“Do whatever you think is right... J-j-john”, Sherlock paused and inhaled immediately as the soldier touched him down below. His pants seemed to be tighter and he felt the urge to be even closer to his John. Their eyes met and Sherlock felt a fire inside him that wanted to get out.
He didn't know actually. He didn't know anything, didn't know what was to come. But he could figure that if John was on top he'd be the one to bring the action, that he'd be in charge. So he said with a slight blush: "Bottom."
“Very clever, Sherlock. Very clever. And you're right, I am no longer among the living. But doesn't this make things even scarier?”
“It's not a date though”, he heard John say and looked at him. Of course it wasn't, why did he have to say that repeatedly? The ordinary human brain was weird. Sherlock thought about it for a second and came to the assumption that it was because he had said that he would pay for the food, a thing that was usually done in relationships, paying for the other. Obviously he didn't want Sherlock to think that he wanted to take him out or something. Why? Was he behaving that weird next to all gay people he knew? Sherlock had never paid attention to that. Maybe he did.
I wanted to wipe that grin out of his face, beat him, make him stop. He held the knife on John's throat, his carotid artery.
Sherlock called a cab and told the driver to bring him away. When he was sat down, he sent a message to John.
"Well I wouldn't be asking if I wasn't, would I?" John said, his question tapering off into a light chuckle.
John gave a resigned sigh and held tighter to Sherlock.
Sherlock ran the hands over his own face and through his hair. Where was the blood? John had a point. Where was the blood...
This touch came surprisingly. It magically let a smile appear on Sherlock's lips. John's love gave warmth to his heart, and his understanding person was all he needed right now.
Harry was still reeling from Sherlock's kick to the stomach, and her comeback came out as a breathless wheeze. Sherlock exited without looking back.
“Yes, I assume you don't want to roam the streets like this”, his lips formed words he himself barely heard. They'd have to look at the corpse. Scotland Yard was always missing out on the important things, just like everybody was.
John smiled slightly down at Sherlock, and looked down to his pants still around his waist.
“Actually... I would love to share the bed with you”, Sherlock said, “I've been waiting for this so long, every time that I looked at you I could only think of being close to you. And now it seems so surreal...” He shook his head, trying to get his thoughts back to where they had started, “I guess what I'm trying to say is that I doubt I could ever feel more comfortable than when I am with you. It's just all very new to me, like you have mentioned correctly, so I think it would be for the best if you lead me to everything. I would love to sleep next to you tonight, but at first I think we had to prepare ourselves for bed first, and second... probably you should lie down first then and tell me... well, what positioning would be normal in this case.”
He opened the door, ran down the stairs, screamed through the hallway: “The game is on!”, turned around and let a laughter escape his lungs. It was a sentence that connected the two of them, a sentence that represented the adventures they had been on together and it was a promise that there were more to come.
He hadn't wanted to do it, as he had found it embarrassing, but the excitement had become too much now and so Sherlock started to stroke himself. He didn't even have experience with that, but it felt so good that he continued and got faster. This in combination with John's movements brought him high as heaven. He didn't hold himself back anymore and his moans were almost screams as he could feel that he was close to the release.
John raised an eyebrow in shock when he listened to the detective flirt with him, his smirk turning into a massive grin and he reached forwards, grabbing Sherlock's shirt and pulling him in close so he could whisper into his ear "if you aren't careful, I will punish you in that bathroom" he growled into his ear before slowly licking along his earlobe. John hummed softly and slowly pulled back, leaning against the back of the chair again "mmm... I will have to get on my military uniform... I know you have gotten it out before... Quite a few times actually" he teased before licking his lips "someone got a military kink?"
John: Happy Birthday.
“I... I'm... I... sorry, wh.. what?”
“Yes, John, the restaurant. Where you thought you had shot Moriarty? The body that disappeared?”, Sherlock wondered if John really wasn't able to remember while his subconscious mind observed that he had sat down next to him.
Solve the case today, John surely was overestimating Sherlock's abilities! Although he might be able to do it with the right motivation. He got stuck looking at John's smile while he answered it with his own. “Only around you”, he replied absentmindedly and wanted to continue the happy atmosphere and laughter, when suddenly John stopped. Why? Why did he do that? What did just happen? Sherlock's mind started to race against time. What did just happen? Where was the mistake? Silence all around. What did he just say? Stupid autopilot, stupid social rules! Only around you... Sherlock's eyes widened as he realized his words and their meaning. At least it felt like they did. But it was not like he couldn't control himself. He would just act stupid. He was Sherlock. He didn't understand what humans did. So he looked at John as if he didn't understand the silence.
I gave him an angry glance but got up and went to the bathroom. I had never heard him talk like this before. He was right, that was nothing new, but... this whole facing reality thing. I didn't know much about hidden meanings, but it seemed as if Sherlock felt left out. I had always known that he was more than just the mind he would present to the public, but hearing an outburst from him was very different.
John smirked at him and nodded firmly "That sounds like a brilliant idea" he hummed happily before reaching out, gently taking a hold of his hand and giving it a small squeeze "Thank you... This will be a fun plan" he chuckled quietly before he ran his fingers through his hair with his free hand "So.... are you looking forward to this evening?" He asked curiously before glancing around the cafe, keeping a look out before turning his attention back to Sherlock "mmm tomorrow i will perhaps get my uniform out" he grinned at him
He had to sit down again as he remembered what had happened so far. Jim was both admirable and to be feared.
Johns eyes hardened slightly as he listened to the detective speak, his heart pounding as he was waiting for the next insult about how sentiment and love is for the losing side, so when Sherlock cut himself off, a surprised look ran across John's face. The male swallowed carefully as he was asked if that wasn't what he was supposed to do "Well... most people are reluctant to get out of bed and away from their partner... Every girl I have been with, we have cuddled and paid each other attention in the mornings" he grumbled, glancing away before shrugging "but if you do not want to do that, then that's fine.. we won't" he said, obvious hints of sadness in his voice. John slowly closed his eyes, trying to calm himself down before shaking his head "can we stay in a hotel tonight.... Somewhere we know Moriarty wont find us... I want... To properly relax around you Sherlock" he said, forcing himself to open his eyes to look at his other half
Always.
“Sorry to interrupt you boys, but I had to interfere before this would become too naughty!”
John sighed, and his hand clenched down on the cup. He didn't break or bend the plastic, but he wanted to. He wanted to just... destroy. Anything. Everything. Let loose for once in his goddamn life. Heaven knew he deserved it.
John smiled and nodded firmly, studying his eyes carefully for a breath moment "I think it is a very good idea" he breathed before slowly leaning in close, kissing his lips deeply before allowing his eyes to close, wrapping his arms around his neck, pulling him in close. John wanted to go further with Sherlock than they had already gone, but he was scared that he was moving too fast and would scare Sherlock away. The male pulled back carefully, whining as their lips were pulled apart "We will go at your pace.. You tell me if you want to do more or less okay?" He asked, tilting his head to the side
"We can't talk out here, can we come in?" He asked, guilt and pleading in his tone.
“Me too“, Sherlock replied and didn't only mean... it. He had also waited very long to be this close to John and now that he could finally be with him he knew what happiness was. “I...“, he started, but decided it was too early and muted himself with a kiss. He didn't know how far they'd go tonight, but John was just as aroused as he was. The adrenaline was pumping through his veins. There was no bigger excitement.
"I know..."
(John then would be speechless, and they'd talk about everything, John would still let Mary go and Sherlock would say that they would work it all out together... <3 )
“Yes, I'm yours. Only yours”, Sherlock whispered.
But there was nothing at first, only silence. It surely could have been children who wanted to make fun of him, as their parents were granting them too much free time, but it was not like his number was to be found that easily. The person at the other end had had to dig deep to contact him like this, so it was supposed to be a threat.
“Of course he's dead, he blew his own brain out, no one survives that. I just went to the trouble of an overdose to prove that.”
“It's... Moriarty. He's been watching us all the time and I know that he wants to hurt you...”
When John got up and continued talking Sherlock simply nodded to show him that he agreed with what he was saying. The situation was awkward enough already. It was quite interesting how these ordinary life problems could let the real danger vanish from minds.
Johns face was grave. He knew that, he knew how much Sherlock cared for him, how he was something for Moriarty to use against Sherlock. What Sherlock maybe didn't know, was that John felt the exact same way, and it hurt him to see Sherlock close off his feelings in fear of appearing weak or afraid of the uncertain future. A future, that could very well be without John, or Sherlock for that matter. But if he was honest, he wouldn't change it for the world, not if that world was one without Sherlock in his life.
These words had been really difficult for the detective, but in the end he was glad that he had said them. He looked down now, not able to meet John's view, as he had never been more honest in his life and he felt exposed.
“John?”, I asked looking at him worriedly. He had a sheet of paper in his hand and looked terribly down.
"I know, I know I'm not blaming you Sherlock, I just want to find out why I suddenly collapsed. It's frightening being in the unknown."
He and John had been in that stall... Sherlock took a deep breath so he wouldn't get lost thinking about that. Then they had heard Moriarty's voice, they had stepped outside, and both of them had seen him. Both of them had seen him die. John had checked the pulse, they had gone outside, had called Lestrade, and when they returned the body was gone. A heap of ash instead.
"Sherlock...?"
“What would I need?”, Sherlock asked, turned around and grabbed the tea. He looked at John now, their eyes met each other. His flatmate looked a shade too annoyed and Sherlock narrowed his eyes to slits to figure out why. Probably he didn't like getting up this early... Sherlock sipped on his tea which actually was of great taste. It was different from that which he usually found in the morning, maybe it was because John made it. Sherlock deeply admired the small miracles John could perform. He was ordinary, but not like those ignorant people like Anderson. He could handle life in a way Sherlock would never be able to and that's why the detective was very well aware of how lost he would be without him.
He cleared his throat as an indicator that he was ready to report for duty, sir.
John leant in for another kiss and closed his eyes upon contact. He wished that they could relive this moment again and again. It was funny how he could be close to death at one moment and the next, holding his boyfriend intimately in a hotel room. Two opposites of life, in the space of a few hours. He didn't care about what has happened or will happen, he shut his world off to just this moment, where he could enjoy Sherlock and the time they had together. He felt his heart ache to be with Sherlock's, it was the exact same feeling he had at his mother's house, but amplified. He needed to be one with Sherlock, a part of him.
The water fell down on me, ran over my body. It reminded me so much on that moment at the waterfall when John had saved me from Moriarty. “Why don't you two just elope, for god's sake!” Yes, why couldn't we? Things were much easier like that. We would go somewhere, leave everything behind. I simply knew that if I was with him all would be fine.
"Like what, gay boy? You'll kill me? Huh?" He asked, getting in Sherlock's face, "Go on, try me, I promise I'll bite!" She said, and with that, she sank her canines deep into Sherlock's hand that was keeping her down.
John felt Sherlock shudder beneath him, and a sense of pride flourished in him. He had found Sherlock's pleasure point. He lightened his touch on the skin, just so that his lips brushed the surface, and his warm breath poured over Sherlock's neck. These two factors were sure to send Sherlock into a frenzy of pleasure.
"I'll shoot /him/ this time." John said quietly, his tone defying the swarming feeling of hatred underneath his skin.
He looked at him and felt sorry. He didn't want to leave him behind, but he had to focus, to concentrate. He needed to lock himself up somewhere where people wouldn't distract him. And 221B was not a safe place anymore.
"Harry, please."
Mycroft didn't know that song, but the lyrics were quite frightning. They were telling him about the eastern wind...
Sherlock's mind was racing. He was thinking about something to say, anything to say, just anything that would make John feel better... he was useless. It didn't work. He would approach him, hold him, he had seen that in a show that John had watched on tv, but he didn't want to be rejected, didn't want to go close when John had just been in his and got up now, assumingly for some space.
“I'm fine”, he simply said before he closed the door and started to shower.
Had... he just heard John's voice? Probably just his head again. Wanting to think about John, wanting to forget the trouble. But what if it wasn't? If it really had been John calling out for him? If he didn't go to him then it would have... really bad consequences.
"Yeah, yeah I'm fine." John grumbled, frowning slightly. His mouth still tasted acidic, which wasn't the best flavour. He found it weird that Sherlock couldn't hear him but as soon as he walked into the room he could deduce that he had been sick. John didn't know why he even tried to hide it, sometimes he forgot he loved a genius. It did come as a relief however when Sherlock so clearly became worried.
An ache crossed Sherlock's heart, and it was this ache that let him awake to the fact that he had already got involved. He clearly had feelings for John, probably for quite some time now, and he had always tried to fight it. He would continue that fight. He could never give John what he needed. What he deserved. Sherlock didn't know a thing about love, all he knew was that it was painful, because it always ended in loss. Everything inbetween didn't exist. So he would ensure John happiness. He could find the somebody that was just right for him.
"I'm not sure that it will be so easy..."
“Let's see how good you can do”, he replied, nervous and excited at the same time, “But I doubt you'll be able to focus on my plan. Look how obviously you crave for me.”
John was woken by a sharp rapping on the door, followed by a tired and strained voice. "Wakey wakey, time to get up. I would come in, but I don't really want to have the image of you two screwing like bunnies permanently etched into my mind. God I feel like hell..." She grumbled, her voice dimming as she lumbered away. John was welcomed by a blurry world that gradually focused as his eyes recovered from sleep. It was when he was half awake that he noticed the heat from Sherlock's hand on his arm. He was touching him, actually touching him. It wouldn't seem like a big step to any outsiders, but to Sherlock it was the same as marriage. He didn't want to break the contact, but he needed to look at his face. He squirmed under the sheets until he was facing Sherlock, already awake. The detective stared deep into John's eyes, but he couldn't tell what he was thinking. It was like Sherlock was just... Analysing his features, not in a predatorily or loving way, but like a scientist observing his test subject: full of curiousness and interest. "Morning." John whispered, his voice weak with sleep.
“What are you doing there?”, I asked as I walked over to him.
"There are, but that one right there." John said, pointing to it, "Has probably been in my sister when she's been horny, and I don't really want to touch something that has done just that." John said quietly in a matter-of-fact tone, conscious that his mother was in the opposite room. "So unless you want to get rid of it by putting your hands on it, and I hope to god you don't, cause if you do, you can count on sleeping in different rooms tonight, I'm going to another room."
John shuffled to the drinks tray, his feet scuffling against the carpet as he went. He felt so emotionally drained. Or just drained in general. The cold water hit his chest as he drank, but it felt good. Like a wake up call: get over it and soldier on. Harriet hated him, at least he knew he didn't have to try anymore at family meetings, then again, he would have to be on watch for any more drugs or poisons. A messed up family and a messed up life to match. At least he had Sherlock with him.
Sherlock tried not to breath (which was pretty difficult with regard to the fact that he had just been breathing really hard) and just stared at John. What would they do now? Absolute silence was the only possibility.
“They always do, don't they?”, Sherlock smiled back before he entered the building. He knew they did, but it was not like he cared about what the public thought. It was important to John though. He wanted to look good in the public, and he wanted the same for Sherlock. And if that's what made John happy he would take care of it. It wasn't like he would let himself get involved, but John surrounding him made him more productive, it let him feel good. So he would ensure John's well-being.
The corners of Johns lips slowly curled up into a smile, the doctor slowly closing his eyes as he relaxed against the window "Im glad Sherlock... So glad" he muttered before snapping his eyes open as the taxi came to a stop. John threw the driver a tenner before slipping out from the car "Alright im here, its okay" he said down the phone before rushing forwards, looking around for his lover quickly "Sherlock where are you?" He asked before turning around, seeing the male in the distance, his back turned to John. The doctors eyes softened and he stepped forwards, soon enough breaking out into a sprint as he ran towards the detective "Sherlock!" He shouted before grabbing a hold of the Detective firmly, pulling Sherlocks back flush against his chest before wrapping his arms around him tightly "Im here babe... Im here now" he whispered, slowly turning the detective so he was facing him "Its going to be okay" he smiled
John halted his hands at the sight of Sherlock shutting his eyes, and understood the sign of uncomfortableness on the detective's face. Ok... Maybe not at the moment... The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel uncomfortable, this was a moment that should be enjoyed by both of them and he would respect Sherlock's feelings. He couldn't bare to hurt the one he loved most. John didn't say anything, as it might've ruined the moment, but he said a silent apology in his head.
John was confused, and hesitant. Did he mean what he thought he meant? John gave it the benefit of the doubt, and took his words as an invite to take the lead instead of taking his boxers off. He lazily rolled Sherlock onto his back and continued to kiss him, this time in a line going across his throat, marking out the small indent of skin.
"You're giving me the house?" He asked, pointing to himself, like he was unsure she had gotten the right person. She nodded patiently, a dark look swept past her face. "The only thing she's getting from me is the funeral bill, as far as I'm concerned." She said huffily.
“No, it's just coincidence that there were always found heaps of sands and ashes at the crime scenes! Of course there's a connection!”, Sherlock shouted, still not able to figure out what just had happened. The fear and the not-knowing made him furious. Why was there no body? John had checked on the corpses pulse, there had been none.
"Hello Johnny."
"What if they just cleaned the whole place?"
John knitted his eyebrows together. Not this again...
“See? This is exactly why I shut everything out...”
"I.... I can't believe that sh-she would do that, I'm her brother, I loved her...." he felt his vision grow blurry.
“So, what have you come here for?”, Harriet asked and Sherlock supposed that it would be John to reply as they surely had some family business to get over with before they would be welcome.
Sherlock was surprised by the truth of those words. “I don't want to shut you out”, he said with strength in his voice, “You are my everything, and without you I'd be nothing... so I'll do anything to keep you at my side.”
He held his food in his hand without eating it. Although he was hungry he couldn't eat. It didn't feel like the right time for it, his throat felt constricted. He could never give in to pleasures.
John: And if my deduction is right you're gonna be honest and tell me.
"Oh John..."
"Uninterested in others but herself? Is that what you see yourself as, 'uninterested in others'? Who am I to you Sherlock, just give me one word. Who am I?"
This is it.
"Er.... There used to be an asda nearby, we could see if it's still there?" John suggested, ruffling his hair in the mirror in a hopeless attempt to make it look nice.
John: *opens eyes widely* Him... so you are... a day for solving big mysteries, right? *laughs*
“Moriarty drugged you at the restaurant, didn't we talk about that?“
Sherlock let go of John's neck and looked down blushing slightly. He wasn't used to this at all.
I was really frightened now. That. Was. Moriarty. No doubt about that. I had seen him often enough. It was him. He called Sherlock via videochat and was watching us now.
The lights dimmed a little, but I barely noticed. I could just stare at the screen.
If he could he would just have rushed to John and kissed him, pushed him against the wall maybe or had even, once they were in their room, thrown him on the bed. It was very difficult to resist. And that voice! Sherlock could feel how his emotions started to race. He wanted to be close to John right now. "I do", he admitted, then watched John slowly get out of the elevator. Slow, so slow. This kind of teasing was so much worse than what Sherlock had done before.
"I won't go away. I will stay with you..."
“Uhm, Sherlock?”, he said from inside hesitatingly, “There's nothing here but a small heap of ash...”
"I'll stay awake with you. But this is only for tonight, John. Tomorrow the drug will have left your body completely."
I'm dying.
“I'm sorry if I was... difficult again...”, Sherlock said, figuring that he himself might have been the problem – again, “I just... didn't understand.”
John then called a cab and Sherlock followed him into it. The detective could feel his friend's view on him and started to feel uncomfortable. He just wanted to say something as John started to talk and asked him about Molly.
“So, what are you planning, captain?”, Sherlock managed to say breathlessly between their kisses with excitement in his voice. He was definitely enjoying this.
Johns jaw dropped as he watched Sherlock suddenly leave the bathroom. He frowned deeply and crossed his arms, clicking his tongue with a groan of annoyance "Fuck sake Sherlock..." He grumbled once he had left the area. The male glanced over to Lestrade and narrowed his eyes briefly, anger surging through him, hating how Sherlock could just suddenly leave after what had happened between them within the toilet. John took down a few notes, knowing Sherlock would be irritated with him if he didn't do so but he didn't write them as detailed as he usually would. He slowly made his way from the crime scene, nodding goodbye to Greg before heading out into the streets. John shoved his hands into his pockets, breathing in deeply as he focused himself before making his way towards his home... Their home at 221b Baker street.
Sherlock had parked close to the entrance, which made it easier for John. They stumbled, slowly and carefully, to the double doors (which were thankfully automatic). A woosh of heated air greeted their cold faces. The place seemed welcoming enough, the lobby was empty, and contained several armchairs that looked like they would swallow you whole without a single warning. A radio station was playing quietly over the speakers and provided a relaxed environment, if you counted Shakira as relaxing. Pictures of smiling faces and landscapes were dotted about on the pale yellow walls strategically, to captivate people's eyes, they were the same pictures from when John had last stepped foot into the hotel, except back then the walls were a pastel red. To the corner, was the reception desk, a curved piece of light wood, with signs and directions drilled into the sides. Behind it was a young receptionist, with tied back brown hair and an open face, inviting. Her mouth was stretched into a smile that seemed like it was always in use, John looked down to her name tag. Kelly, it didn't suit her, in John's opinion. More of a Sophie, or Chloe.
"It seems everyone wants to bloody drug me..." he said bitterly.
John pouted slightly when the male said that he couldn't, the doctor sighing as he rested his hand against his head, studying Sherlock's face before smirking "hmmmm.... Im going to punish you later" he smirked at him, studying Sherlock carefully before crossing his arms, leaning back into his chair as he watched him "just you wait until tonight.... In the hotel room" he growled before licking his lips "lets hear this plan then" he grinned at him.
“No! I don't want to hear anything. Just shut up!”, he continued, grabbed his coat and walked out the door. He really hoped that John wouldn't follow him. Not yet.
How long had he been gone? Like 10 minutes and look what he had done to himself... just to solve some stupid case that was about a hundred years old? I couldn't have lost him, not again. I had lost him once already, and seeing him dead again was definatly not an option. He couldn't die. He was Sherlock Holmes! He always survived somehow, no idea how, but he did. But taking those drugs... it was a medical thing, chemistry. He couldn't trick that...
John: Just text her back.
Sherlock felt very pleased with his work and wanted to continue. This was true excitement.
“Sherlock, you said he was dead. Then who is that here??”
John had caught a Taxi home back to 221b, fairly upset with how Sherlock had acted. The male was looking forward to actually spending some time with the detective but as per usual, John had been disappointed and he'd had enough. The doctor no longer wanted to take part in any cases with the detective. John let out a breath as he pushed open the door to 221b, making his way up the stairs towards the flat before sitting down on the cough, allowing his emotions to finally flood over him and the strong solider began to cry. John cried for about 20 minutes before slowly laying down across the couch, laying on his stomach. John didn't know how long he was laying there for, but finally, he heard the click of the living room door open and the sound of Sherlocks shoes echoed around him. John didnt say anything to the detective, because he could already feel the tears begin to restart so he quickly pressed a pillow to his face, waiting for the sociopath to either speak or ignore his existance.
He gave it to me, I could see Moriarty grinning, I browsed through the pages.
"Ok."
“You drifted away“, Sherlock replied, looking back and forth between John and the road, “I'm not the doctor here, tell me if it's fine for you to fall asleep or if it means you're...“ he couldn't finish saying that.
"At least I'm not some sort of fake genius prick like you! I just show who I am, instead of hiding it underneath layers of bullshit!" She shouted.
"Nah, it's fine, I'll hop in after you." John said brightly, giving Sherlock a final kiss on the lips before rolling onto the other side of the bed and sliding underneath the sheets.
“You don't need to say anything. I know you are not familiar with these kinds of emotions. I know that you are not even sure if it's love, that you don't know where the line between friendship and lovers ends, that you don't know what it means that you feel close to me, to like the way I act and the way I look, and that you don't know what love feels like. But it doesn't matter”, he placed his hand on my cheek now, “Because I have never experienced something quite like this before, either. And maybe we can just find out together? Set our own limits but see what this between us really is.”
John remembered to bring up the whole "ma'am" thing to Sherlock when they were alone. One cannot simply allow their significant other to call their mother "ma'am" without laughing about it in private.
This was quite extraordinary, not that he couldn't have guessed it in retrospect, but now it was sure that if he took care and tried not to act like the douchebag he was she could even like him. Maybe he shouldn't speak too much. There was nothing he could say about this topic anyway. It was something between John and his mother, a touching family moment, and if he'd interfere he'd probably ruin it, just like he tended to ruin things. No. He'd stay silent unless he was being asked.
"I think there's one about 10 miles up the road... Or at least there was when I was here last." John said, realising that this might not be helpful.
John felt the heat of anger rise. How come Sherlock could clearly express that he would not be able to live without John, but if John did the same, it causes Sherlock pain? Did he not think that Sherlock's words stabbed him also?
“You think there is a connection?”, Lestrade asked in wonder.
“It's pretty easy, actually”, Sherlock said in his usual controlled voice, “We have to show him we're a couple.”
"No no no. I'm going to carry you. No risks." He didn't even leave John to try further, he just put his arms around him and lifted him like a groom would lift his bride.
London's streets darkened as he spoke, the water on the bridge they stood on moved more harshly.
Then, the pain stopped its onslaught against him. John's tense and coiled body relaxed. Relief. Beside the sides of his head, he felt his hands shaking, along with his entire body. What the fuck was that?! He was so scared.. He... It was terrifying. His panting eased up slightly and shuddered. Tears fell down his face and he curled up tighter. It was gone. Whatever it was in the first place.
~ John's point of view~
"What?" John's fear had him wide awake now and Sherlock sat up, too. "You didn't. I'm here... I'm here, John", Sherlock put an arm around him, hoping that it was the right thing to do. That it wouldn't make John's state even worse.
“Thank you...”, Sherlock said and looked at John, unsure of what to do next. Maybe they really should just sleep and look at things from a different angle tomorrow. But wasn't he supposed to either put an arm around John or lay on his chest? Why were these things so difficult?
“You don't have to act like that, Sherlock. I know you. You are scared. This old ghost returning to make your sunny day a bit shadowier.”
“Good morning, Mary”, I sighed still a bit sleepy and turned to lay my arm around her. But the place next to me was empty. I slowly opened my eyes. I... I wasn't even at home. This was... Sherlock's bed! I had to think hard to remember what happened yesterday and ran my hand over my face as I sat up. Sherlock's bed! When I had started to let these thoughts get to me I had always imagined it differently. I thought that when it would happen, well, something actually would have happened. But surely I must have fallen asleep at some time when I had sat next to him taking care. Taking... he was not feeling well so why on earth did he get up?
Sherlock took a break here to increase John's excitement. He had talked really fast before, too fast maybe. He had wanted to escape to the case and it worked. It always worked.
He knew he didn't mean it, and the sting of guilt lingered in his chest, but he felt like he deserved to act like a brat. All these things Sherlock had chosen not to tell him about...
