"Where did he go?" Sam asked his son.
Dean finally had to break the kiss to get a lungful of air. He stared into Cas' eyes as he fisted handfuls of hair. He wanted to say something, but he wasn't sure if he wanted to stop or keep going, or how much was the compulsion and how much was his own libido. Cas said it all though when he reached two fingers up and touched Dean's forehead, divesting him of all his clothing in the blink of an eye. Cas' own clothes were gone a fraction of a second later, leaving them skin to skin.
Castiel nodded his head thoughtfully at that, then reached forward and wrapped one hand around Sam's dick. Sam sucked in a breath, desperately wanting to back away, but not being able to. The warmth and pressure from Cas' hand had him chubbing up nicely, but he had to try to stop this for both of their sakes. Once again, he was going to warn Cas about the compulsion thing, but once again Cas interrupted him.
"I'm surprised you're still sane after all that," Sam said quietly.
“Not as much as you guys,” she laughed.
A week later, Bagram Airfield was on lockdown. Fourteen men, all in the same platoon, had been killed during the night, stabbed through their hearts. All fourteen men were in the same platoon as Specialist Rose Williams. CNN was reporting a possible security breach by local insurgents.
“Oh my God, Dean, did you scare him off with your First Chair bullshit?” Sam asked, exasperated.
Kevin went up to MJ, wrapping one arm around her waist and his other hand grasping her ponytail, pulling her head back and planting kisses along her jaw. “Missed you, beautiful,” he said, smiling into her neck. MJ just wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned into him. “Missed you too, dork.”
The woman laid there in the desert alone, tears streaming down her face, BDUs cut from her body, saliva and come dried from the sun and rehydrated by her sweat coating her chest, her stomach, and her thighs. As she laid there baking in the harsh sunlight,
Now Dean paced the nursery as Castiel sat in the rocker with the baby, trying hard to share what little grace he hadn’t expended in the search but Sammy just wouldn’t take it.
"I think whatever's been fucking with us knew about Dean's tendency to play with things and set that up," Sam pondered out loud. "Lots of Team Free Love fanfiction out there."
Trigger Warning: Again, could be non-con based on your perception.
Dean was the first one to step up to the challenge, standing behind Cas and leaning over him. He placed a short kiss to his temple and whispered, "prostate?" Cas nodded and the two shared a knowing smile. Dean lubed up a couple fingers and easily worked them into Cas' tight hole. Dean was amazed that he was so tight after all the poundings the guy had taken recently. Score another point for angel mojo. He felt around as he loosened Cas up, the angel letting out a porno-worthy moan when Dean found his prostate.
Bobby rested his shoulder on his grandma’s shoulder. “Yeah, we do.”
“Wow,” Sam said, stunned. “You are really talented.” Bobby blushed and ducked his head. “Seriously, I mean
"Other than rewriting the second act, she hasn't done anything new," Dean replied. "What about Becky?"
* * * * *
Once Sam was comfortable on the bed, Gabriel came up behind him, his own shirt gone. He started rubbing Sam’s shoulders and kissing along the sides of his neck. Sam relaxed into his touch. Gabriel added massage oil and started digging into the tense muscles where his shoulders and neck met. From there, his thumbs pressed into the muscles of Sam’s upper back, loosening knotted muscles.
Sam held Cas' body up as Dean started thrusting his hips harder into the angel, chasing his orgasm. It wasn't long before his own back was arching, a feral sound was dragged from his throat as his body buried itself as deep inside Cas as it could. Both men sated, Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled him down to lie on top of him, holding him tight and breathing words of praise into his hair.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, “please don’t.” Dean just shushed him and said, “let me take it, angel.” Castiel realized this is what Dean did. When the elder Winchester felt helpless, he tried to fix everything. Now Dean was trying to fix him. This was what Dean needed right now, to not feel like he couldn’t do anything for anyone, so Cas let him breach his defenses.
Gabriel snorted. "I am trouble, Sammy. You just do your thing, I'll stay out of your way. If I start feeling like getting it on, I'll pop outta here. Sound good?"
“We’re definitely good,” Castiel added.
Introductions were made, hands were shaken, condolences given, information exchanged. He informed the Winchesters that Lady Toni and the hunters had taken down the Grigori Batraal at Stonehenge. Lady Toni and the hunters were there investigating reported supernatural activity, but if it coincided with Batraal’s presence was anyone’s guess. After some brief speculation, they said their good-byes, but not before the Old Man shook Sam’s hand and leaned into him, whispering “there will always be a place for you here, Samuel.” Sam just nodded, not replying in either the affirmative or negative.
Dean didn’t know when he’d started crying, but he could feel the tears streaming down his face. He looked into Cas’ eyes, trying to read the emotions there, but there were so many he couldn’t tell one from another.
Dean wanted to talk about what happened last Friday, but at the same time kinda not. He wanted to drape his arm over the man’s shoulder and pull him close, but he didn’t want to break the silent camaraderie they had going on. They watched the movie in companionable silence, Dean admiring both Connery and Honor Blackman. Cas paid rapt attention to the screen, a small smile playing across his lips, and Dean couldn’t help but grin.
Bobby looked him dead in the eye, and with a smirk said, “Robert Charles Winchester.”
If anything, Dean’s smile spread wider. “How do you feel about burgers?”
The guys really didn't know what to say to that. Gabriel took her hand, sat on the edge of her bed and pulled her down next to him. "What happened?" he asked her again.
He thought back to Gabriel’s words:
out of bed. He was just shuffling his Doc Martens on the doormat when Dean opened the door and looked up at the sound.
The men were immediately assaulted by the smells of yeast and sugar and a million other comforting bakery smells. Dean looked like a kid at Christmas as he approached the glass case of cookies, cupcakes, tarts, and (of course) pies. He held onto Cas’ hand as he engaged the woman behind the case about the different flavors of pies, some he’d never even thought of before. He was torn between the French apple pie and an apple and ginger pear pie.
Gabriel and Sam sat side by side at the map table in the war room. Sam was condensing his notes on the remaining Grigori-seven left of the original two hundred, six officers and Samyaza, the leader-and handing them off to Gabriel, who had known each one of them in Heaven before their fall. He was writing in personal notes about each one, such as their strengths and weaknesses and fighting styles. They both had suckers in their mouths and were nodding along to the music they heard Bobby playing in the other room for Dean, MJ, and baby Sammy.
scared. “
And in that moment, in the arms of his angel, he gave Cas a part of his soul.
“Ready when you are, Cas,” he said, trying to rattle the man.
"What's going on?" Sam asked. "Is he alright?"
“Hi Mom!” Gabriel waved from Sam’s lap. “You guys have fun?”
"Dean," Sam said with a grin, "meet the new Scribe of God."
The weeks went by both too quickly and too slowly for Castiel. He fell into a routine with Dean, practicing the pieces Sam wrote for the benefit show twice a week, although their Friday night practices usually devolved into what his cousin would refer to as “hanging out”. And much to his frustration, Dean hadn’t made another move on him, granting him nothing more than some stolen touches and looks that combined confusion and unadulterated lust. While nice, it wasn’t enough for Castiel anymore.
"A little drastic, don’t you think?” Sam joked with a smile.
Cas holding little MJ, Gabriel standing in front of Sam, Sam's arms wrapped around his angel with his hands resting on his belly. Gabriel might have been pregnant but not showing yet, Dean thought.
Once again, Gabriel rendered him speechless. That was the first time Gabriel told him he loved him.
“Spank bank?” Mary asked with grin, making everyone else in the room blush furiously.
"That's from the Book of Enoch," MJ said finally. "There are lots of other cultures that have lore on Nephilim. Some cultures believe that Nephilim aren't the children of angels and humans, but the children of angels and demons. Maybe, considering the Winchesters are of Lucifer's vessel's bloodline they might think we're important to the future of Hell?" she posited.
Gabriel shrugged one shoulder and gave Sam a genuine smile. “Nah, I’m just me.”
Seriously, did the man not realize that that wide, genuine smile of his turned Dean into a puddle of goo? They just stood there, smiling at each other for God knew how long when Charlie cleared her throat very loudly and excused herself. Everyone was settling into their seats for practice when Cas handed him a few sheets of music. Dean looked over it and couldn’t help but smile; his musical tastes were rubbing off on Cas.
“This
are the lead characters on the show."
is, in fact, a trilogy of trilogies?” he asked, slightly confused.
Castiel lifted one eyebrow in question. “I was not aware we were friends, Dean.”
By the end of the day, Gabriel and Sam had finished their profiles on the remaining seven Grigori-Samyaza, Danel, Anane, Ramuel, Batraal, Ertael, and Asael. As he read each one, he remembered the day he delivered their Father’s message, that the Watchers had failed their father not by falling for mortal women, but teaching them the Old Ways and by raising their children to be brutal savages. He silently apologized to each and every one of them for following their Father blindly that day, grieved for their losses, and prayed to bring them peace for their corrupted graces.
Sam took the ring from Castiel and flipped it around in his hand, examining it. It was completely plain, not too thin or too girly for his brother, and on the inside of the band was inscribed a single word:
“Did I hurt him?” he asked quietly. Dean and Cas looked at each other then, worrying Sam. “Guys, did I hurt Gabriel?”
"What the HELL were you thinking?!?" he yelled. "You damned near killed Cas! When you disappeared from this time, you almost severed the bond between you two! If you EVER do something like that again, I will rip your soul from your body with my own hands and-"
Tagging for an emotional rollercoaster of feels-buckle up!
As the music played Sam stared out the window, rolling Dean’s words over in his head. He wasn’t wrong. He couldn’t go down that road again, not when he was going to be a dad, not if he wanted to do it right.
Gabe just laughed. “Kidding about the married thing, just wanted to see your reaction.” Dean and Cas heaved a sigh of relief. As much as Dean wanted to see Sammy happy, it was all too much too soon, too quickly.
Sam nodded at his brother and left to grab the lube he kept in his room. Part of him knew this was slightly fucked up, but he didn't have it in him to care. Maybe it was the compulsion, maybe it was the after-effects of what he did with Cas that morning, but
“If it makes you feel any better, Uncle Dean,” Bobby said, “he’s always been a proper gentleman and treats her like a princess.” Bobby picked up the horseshoes from the nearest post and lined up his next shot. Just as he was about to release the horseshoe, Guns N Roses’
Dean paused again, still trying to keep his heart from going a million miles an hour.
“My own Baby,” she grinned proudly. “1971 Chevelle, 454 SuperSport engine. We built her together. I always loved sitting and watching you work on cars, I picked it up pretty quickly. Pretty soon, I was your unofficial assistant.” She stood next to Dean, arms crossed over her chest and she rested her head on his shoulder. “Those were some of my favorite times, cranking the radio and getting elbows-deep in an engine with you.”
“Can you blame me?” Gabriel whined. “I hadn’t felt loved and accepted like that for thousands of years. And Sam was happier than he’d ever been in his life.”
When Dean broke for air, he leaned his forehead against Cas' and smiled at him. "C'mon angel," he said, "let's go home."
“We could celebrate,” Dean replied. He wiggled in place until his feet pulled the sheet out from between him and Cas, his morning wood grinding into Cas’ ass.
“Dad wants to know what he does for Valentine’s Day in the future,” MJ told him.
“That’s okay, I can work with that!” Gabriel said excitedly. “There’s a ballroom dance school out in Wichita that hosts dance nights. If we leave pretty quick, we can grab some dinner before it starts!” When Sam sighed and waved his hand, Gabriel shot out of the room to get ready.
“Love you too, Daddy.” Everyone laughed at that, happy that while their entire timeline had been rewritten, some things would never change.
“Or something,” Dean muttered. “Give us about an hour, we’ll be down there.”
that she brought with her. “Got sick of the bunker, figured this was as good of a place as any to hide out. At least I’d get intelligent conversation.”
. In no time, Cas' back was bowing beautifully off the seat as he came screaming Dean's name, stripes of hot come splashing up his chest. His ass clenched hard around Dean's dick, dragging the hunter's orgasm from him. Dean howled out his release, his hips slamming him in deep and steady until he collapsed in a heap on top of Cas, completely spent.
The song Castiel had chosen was an arrangement of Michael Jackson’s
because Dean wasn't wired to think about guys that way. But he did really like the physical contact between him and Cas lately, it made him feel safe and cared for. But could he ever like being touched
“That gets me right here,” Lucifer said, holding his hand over his stomach. “So your plan is for us to have a heart to heart, for me to see the error of my ways, and come into the fold?”
Sam looked up from the notes he was writing, stacks of Grigori files scattered across the table. Gabriel was sitting upside-down in the old wingback chair, head hanging off the bottom and knees hooked over the top. Sam just rolled his eyes, knowing what was coming next.
“Alright, I’m game,” he agreed, standing up. “You got a diaper bag and everything packed for little man?” he asked Cas, who nodded. “Your mother and Mary Jo are already waiting for us in the garage with the baby and his things,” he told Dean, holding out a hand to him. Dean took it, and as Castiel pulled him towards the garage he looked back at Sam with a quirked eyebrow and shrugged his shoulders.
. He wondered who did the composition, because it looked amazing.
Sam smiled at that and nodded. “But we’re still going to name our son after Bobby and Chuck, so we don’t confuse him.”
Cas wrapped his arms tighter around Dean's neck, cupping the back of his head with one hand and stroking the base of his skull with his thumb. He let his tongue slide around Dean's, his lips indulging in the taste and texture of his hunter's soft mouth. He could very well get addicted to kissing this man.
Sam groaned. Gabriel was a tease, but he loved it. He finished showering quickly; he wanted to get Gabriel’s ‘plans’ out of the way so they could move on to his ‘plans’ for the rest of the night.
“No, it wouldn’t make me feel better,” Sammy mumbled. “Just swallow your fucking pride and man-up.”
Still laughing, Gabriel pulled him close and wrapped one arm around him. “Not a chance, gorgeous.” He held is left hand up for Sam and said playfully, “lay it on me!”
“I know that,” she said, “but what about something that
Dean laughed. "You heard her, Papa," he teased, "she wants wings."
MJ hugged her dad back, letting him hold her. “We’ll figure it out, Daddy.”
The lights flickered and Sam saw the shadows of three pairs of wings before he saw Gabriel himself. The trickster seemed stunned that he was summoned, and by whom.
“It was a graphic novel, too. Done by Neil Gaiman. It was much darker than the TV show, and portrayed you much better.” MJ tapped her lips thoughtfully. “Oh! There’s a book called
They raced down to Dean's room and found Cas crumpled on the floor sobbing. MJ and Gabriel dropped to the floor next to him and hear Cas mumbling "I can't feel him" over and over. MJ wrapped her arms around him while Gabriel rubbed his back.
“Yeah, same,” Dean sighed. He leaned up against Cas, pulling the angel’s arm up over his shoulder. After a minute, he swiveled his head towards Cas and asked, “is it just me, or does it feel weird here without the kids? I mean, I’d gotten so used to them being around. I miss joking around with MJ and holding Sammy.”
“Thanks,” Gabriel deadpanned.
,” he said, twirling his finger in front of his face, “
“Where’s Gabriel?” Dean asked frantically. Sam was confused that Dean was there and why Cas wasn’t inside with them. He told them Gabe was just inside dancing, that they were having a good time.
The couple hours of storytime flew by, because Claire walked in the door astonished to see the full house. There were hugs and introductions all around, and lots of snarky comments from Claire. MJ and Bobby barely remembered her without the scar that traced her face and neck, and they'd never seen her smile so much. They knew what was going to happen though, and it made their hearts hurt.
Dean's hand froze. Cas wiggled again, rubbing his erection harder against his leg. Dean wasn't freaked out or disgusted, maybe just felt a little awkward. Castiel, a millennia-old Angel of the Lord, was humping his leg in his sleep. Actually, Dean grinned, he found it kinda cute. He moved his leg just a little, giving Cas some friction, and his angel actually whimpered. Huh, seemed like Dean's dick liked that noise.
“Look at these pictures of the people who were affected,” he said, his fingers moving deftly over the tablet pulling up the photos.
Thompson’s Pre-Owned Automotive Center was in a nicer area on the outskirts of Vail. Being early on a weekday, it didn’t seem too busy. Gabriel, Bobby, and MJ anxiously strolled into the lot as far from the main building and mechanic’s bays as possible. Gabriel could feel Lucifer’s presence here and wondered who would make the first move. He didn’t have to wonder long.
MJ walked quickly into the room, fiddling with an earring as she entered. “Hey Kev, sorry I’m-” she slowed down and stopped as she saw her dads and her uncles in the room. She was wearing a short, slinky dark purple dress and black heels that made her as tall as Kevin, a black sequined purse hanging from her shoulder by a silver chain. Her normal ponytail was absent and her hair cascaded down her back. Dean eyed her with a little shock on his face.
Gabriel popped back in wearing a pink bathrobe and matching pink bunny slippers. He snapped his fingers, freshening them both up and dressing himself in jeans and a tee. "We have a slight emergency on our hands, Sammich," he said, giving Sam a quick peck on the lips. "Taking Bobby to see Kevin, we'll be back later."
*  *  *  *  *
Gabriel stepped up and held his hand out to the young angel. "I'm Gabriel, it's good to meet you. The Winchesters have spoken highly of you." Kevin shook the archangel's hand, a little in awe.
“Wait,” Sam started, “Cas said he has a partial bond with Dean. What’s that all about?”
"He briefly stopped by to check on me, but then left when he saw you here with me." Castiel blinked again. "I'm pleased that you're not 'freaking out'."
“I wasn’t, okay? Is that what you want to hear?” Gabriel sighed, his shoulders slumping in defeat.
"Okay you two, show's over," Gabriel told the kids. "Go find some other mischief to make." Bobby gave his dads a thumbs up as he and his cousin left the library, leaving the two alone.
“It’s not a bad idea though,” Sammy said, smiling up at Gabe. “How about we call it a long engagement and see where it goes?
Sam could hear MJ’s protests in the background and laughed. “Okay, drive safe and we’ll see you guys in a few hours.” He hung up his cell and let Gabriel, Bobby, and his mom know what happened and that they were on their way back. He turned to Gabriel and Bobby and sheepishly asked “so, you guys want to do the family movie night thing while we wait on everyone else to get back?”
They found the giant stone fountain with the statue of the angel Cassiel that Dean looked up online. He thought it the most appropriate place to start their honeymoon. They sat on the edge of the fountain, set down their duffels, and unpacked their cellos. They attached the endpins to their instruments and tuned up before Cas took off the ridiculous fedora he purchased at the airport when they arrived and placed it on the ground in front of them. Then they played.
After about a minute, the hall erupted in loud applause and wolf whistles. The conductor hit the podium with his baton to clear the noise, but when he announced, “First chair goes to Castiel Novak,” the room became a cacophony of clapping again. Dean slammed his cello into his case and stormed off, Charlie eyeing both men before following Dean.
This one's a little more non-con than the others, because really, Dean should know better than to piss off Gabriel. Doesn't mean he didn't like it though ;)
Tagging for first-time Bottom!Dean-enjoy ;)
Dean wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tight. "Just don't pull another stunt like that, alright?" She nodded and hugged him back.
“That’s it?!?” Gabriel exclaimed after a moment of stunned silence. “Where’s the big Dean Winchester freakout?” Gabriel almost looked a little disappointed, and Dean just laughed.
Dean paced the length of the war room, beer bottle in hand. Castiel and Claire sat at the map table, their attention bouncing between Dean’s agitated movements and Sam, who was trying to get the cranky baby on his shoulder to burp. With a soft woosh of wings, Kevin appeared at one end of the room.
Another blast shook the bunker. Kevin grabbed MJ's hand and started running down the hall, Mary following with the baby. Bobby held his ground with the two angels.
MJ laughed. “You’re overthinking it, Uncle Sam. Just do whatever feels right, you know? I mean, from all the new memories, things are looking pretty good for when we get back. We’re never hunted, we don’t have major run-ins with demons or angels, the bunker never gets blown up, and we’re all still pretty tight. I doubt getting him a birthday present will screw that up.”
Now, he just sighed and reviewed the music for the First Chair challenge, which would happen after practice. He knew their current season pieces inside and out, so it’s not like the challenge would distract him from his usual excellent performance. This composition of
“Uncle Cas was a trip,” Bobby laughed. “I can’t believe he was so stiff.”
"Samyaza?"
It was an intimate gesture, but Sam didn’t jerk away from it. Instead, he smiled at Gabriel and thanked him for taking him seriously. Gabriel laughed and just reminded him not to tell anyone, he had a reputation to uphold.
"No way, he's here to kill you and that ain't gonna happen. Go!"
Frustrated, Castiel pulled off and reminded him “I’m not going to break, Dean,” before dropping his jaw and opening his throat. Still gripping Cas’ hair, Dean slid his dick all the way in Cas’ mouth, nudging the back of his throat. When Cas hummed around the intrusion, Dean snapped. Grasping Castiel’s hair he began fucking the man’s face. His soft moans and groans were interspersed with “God, yes, Cas” and “so good angel” and “gonna kill me”. Every time Castiel hummed or hollowed his cheeks, Dean’s pace picked up, until he was pulling Cas’ face into his crotch and shooting come down his throat. Cas licked Dean clean before standing up, licking his lips as he slid up Dean’s body, never breaking eye contact.
Tagging for drunken shenanigans.
Dean white-knuckled the steering wheel and stomped on the accelerator. They drove the next couple hours like that-MJ singing along to 80’s and 90’s hip hop and rap, Cas bobbing his head along with the beat, and Dean just shaking his head in resignation, pedal to the metal so he could get this over with as quickly as possible.
Gabriel turned to Sam. “A lot of kids’ stories and fairy tales start out as cautionary tales. Remember Pinocchio? Well, there was a demon that bound his victims’ wrists in shade and soul to control their movements, like a marionette. And if it was just a single, bored demon doing this, there wouldn’t be any omens.”
“Not a whole lot,” his brother replied, not taking the bait. He picked up the empty beer bottles and headed towards the kitchen. “He made me some pretty awesome burgers and,” Dean cut himself off as he looked at the fried pies sitting on the counter. “Shit, we forgot about dessert! Awwwww, man!” Dean checked the see if the little pies were cool enough before picking one up and taking a bite. His eyes rolled back into his head as he sounded like he was having sex with the fried treat. Sam shuddered at the mental image.
“Nope,” Dean said, “just figured Sammy was doing research after our discussion this morning, that’s all. Night boys!” Dean saluted to them and led MJ out of the room.
Sam had seen a Swiss seat before, mainly used for rock climbing and rappelling. It eased his mind knowing his sensitive areas wouldn’t be tied up, and nodded his consent.
“Yeah, I’m with him,” Dean said, thumbing at his brother. “This shit’s hurting my brain, probably best to think on it after some sleep.”
“Dean?” Sam asked. Knowing his brother, he wouldn’t get this upset about a lighter load.
It was still early, but Dean was sitting at the kitchen table drinking a cup of coffee with his bowl of Lucky Charms when MJ padded into the kitchen, barefoot and wearing a pair of Dean’s old sweats and his AC/DC Big Balls shirt. He was used to seeing her long blue-black hair pulled up in a ponytail, so seeing it down like this and rumpled from sleep was kind of adorable.
That same night, an archangel stood about a mile from Bagram, his angel blade at his side still dripping blood, where he had previously stood with a young woman who was looking to do the right thing, to prevent others from suffering the way she had, smiling grimly at the justice he found for her.
Dean pulled the Impala into the bunker’s garage a couple hours after dark. He had just killed the engine and opened his door when he heard a loud noise coming from further inside. He held a hand out to Cas, a sign to stay there before he went to check it out. The closer he got to the sound, the more it sounded like people. When he turned down the next row of cars, he quickly turned back, slapping his forehead with his palm. Sure as shit, it seemed that Sam and Gabriel were re-enacting the scene from Titanic in the back of the Model T, complete with steamed-up glass and a hand sliding down the back window, and he didn’t want to know whose hand it was. Dean reached into the window of the nearest car and slammed his hand down on the horn. Dean laughed his ass off as the men damned near toppled the car over trying to right themselves.
Sam stood up again. “Oh crap! I was so pissed off at you I just stormed off and LEFT him out there! I AM a horrible parent. CRAP!” He worked his way around the circle of holy fire and towards the door, wanting to get back to his son. A few steps outside the door, Gabriel yelled at him “Hey, can I come too, or are you just gonna leave me here?”
Dean wrapped a hand around Gabriel's dick and swore. "Heads up pipsqueak," Dean said, biting Gabriel's neck, "if I can't fit that monster in my mouth, you're not sticking it in my ass." Gabriel laughed until Dean took one nipple into his mouth and bit down hard. One hand made its way into Dean's hair, pushing him to his knees. As Dean took the tip of Gabriel's cock into his mouth, Gabriel reached out and took Cas' hand. He tugged Cas close enough to give him a sloppy kiss, licking at the inside of his mouth. Both brothers groaned at the sight of the angels liplocked.
“I had fun tonight, Cas,” Dean said with a sexy smile.
"Groovy," Deanna said breathlessly, refusing to open her eyes in case it was just an awesome dream. Gabriel chuckled.
“Probably, maybe,” Dean said non-committally. He only ever hung out with Kevin Tran when Charlie brought him around for their monthly game and movie night. The rest of the time, Kevin hung out with…
Castiel hoped Gabriel’s words would not become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
“The same way a female vessel does, by removing it from their body, like a cesarean section, using an angel blade.”
Lucifer crossed his arms over his chest and shook his head. “Little girl, you are the first person to talk to me who didn’t want something from me. Well, other than to leave your family alone, but that’s beside the point. You tried talking me down, you came to visit; you still treat me like
Dean hates an unhappy Cas, so he puts one arm around his shoulder and says "how about we head over to Sioux Falls for a visit? It's only a six-hour drive, but I'll let you fly us there if it'll put a smile on your face." He nudged Cas' shoulder, giving him a playful grin.
Still holding both of Cas’ hands in his left hand, Dean stood and pushed his chair back before getting down on one knee and pulling the little black velvet box from his pants pocket.
Mary looked at her son in sympathy. She had never wanted her boys to grow up knowing about the monsters that hid in the dark, and she definitely had not wanted to see them become hunters. However, after seeing the men Sam and Dean had become in her absence, she couldn’t see them any other way and couldn’t be more proud of them. She hoped that Dean would be able to have his own child hunting with them, and be able to focus on the hunt instead of trying to protect his daughter.
"Come with me, Gabe," Deanna pleaded breathlessly. "Wanna feel you come inside me."
“Yeah, right,” Sam snorted. “I haven’t seen your panties this twisted since you got serious with Lisa Braeden.” Sam had a lightbulb moment, then stared at his brother. “Holy shit, are thinking about getting serious with someone?”
Gabriel sighed. Even though he was millennia old, guilt was something he rarely felt. Now he was feeling it in spades. He hadn’t meant to force a bond to Sam without his consent and doing so ate at him. He hadn’t even intended to bond to him when he tied Sam’s soul back to his body, all he was thinking about at the time was saving his life. Consent was a huge thing for angels, and even though he had hidden with the pagans for so long, it was still a huge thing for him as well.
"Not sure," Gabriel said, leaning into Sam's side, "but I ain't complaining!"
“Normal?” Dean laughed, Charlie joining him. He pulled his wallet out of his back pocket, pulled out a twenty dollar bill, and set it on Cas’ music stand. “Betcha twenty you couldn’t play anything from the last half a century.” He stood there smugly, arms crossed over his chest. He couldn’t wait to see this.
Finishing with the lower rows of feathers, Dean gently carded his fingers through them, smoothing them into place. Cas gave a little shiver and pushed his head into the crook of Dean's neck. "This okay Cas?" Dean asked softly, placing a kiss on the angel's forehead. Castiel just nodded and the boys continued their ministrations on his wings.
take care of him, then attempt to get him to sleep." Dean got up and followed Cas, mumbling something about giving Cas a hand. As the two men left the room with the baby,Gabriel and Sam exchanged eye-rolls.
A moment later, Kevin arrived, looking confused at the inebriated humans and angels.
Dean and five-year-old MJ wearing party hats and blowing out candles on a birthday pie.
“I’m so sorry Papa! I don’t know what happened! I didn’t see that the ghost had a knife, I should have been faster, I-”
Sam grinned. “Really.”
“Absolutely,” Dean said, grinning against Castiel’s mouth.
The windows rattled before they shattered inward. Present Dean ran to cover them. "Angels to the west!" he yelled. To past Dean's shock, an angel blade materialized in present Dean's hand. Present Dean just smirked at him and said, "it's Cas', perk of the bond," then turned back to the window to keep an eye on the advancing angels.
Gabriel flew Rose in about a mile from Bagram, where she said she’d walk in from. She stood there for a moment, taking steadying breaths. “It wasn’t insurgents,” she whispered to the archangel. He looked at her strangely before she continued. “A few days ago, I intercepted intel about an arms trade between some local tribes. I took it to my Staff Sargent, thinking I’d done well. Turned out the trade was with someone here on base. They told my Staff Sargent to handle me, make sure I didn’t pass the intel on to anyone else. Insurgents didn’t rape me, my entire fucking platoon did. They took turns, fucking every orifice they could. My Staff Sargent fucked my face, telling me it would shut me up,” she sneered. “They raped me for hours then left me for dead.”
, Dean thought,
“I mean Papa, the angel who carried me, gave birth to me, et cetera.” Dean looked at MJ funny, and MJ realized that he didn’t know yet. “Dad, you bonded with Feathers over there,
When Dean and MJ got back to the bunker, they found Gabriel and Sam actually
* * * * *
“Shut up, jerk, I’m not a prude.” Sam set his empty beer bottle down on the table, then took the drink from Gabriel’s hand. Gabriel worriedly tried to grab it before Sam could take a sip, but he wasn’t quite fast enough with his own buzz going on. Sam sighed and licked his lips as Gabriel took the glass back from him. “That’s good stuff,” he said, leaning into Gabe and nibbling at his earlobe. “You’ve been holding out on me.”
“Cheers to the happy couple!” Gabe said with a wide smile, holding his glass up. Laughing, everyone else followed suit and drank up. Dean kept twining the fingers of his left hand with those on Cas’ left hand, letting their rings clink. With their respective buzzes going on and their inhibitions lowered, they had no problem with public displays of affection, which Sam and Gabriel had no problem teasing them for.
*  *  *  *  *
All in all, Sam and Dean were very impressed with them. By the time they arrived no one had been killed (save for a few head of cattle), and that always counted as a win in their book. So they kicked back with Jordan and a few beers while Pam served them up some of the best damned pot roast the boys had ever had. To top it off, she had made apple pie with crumb topping for dessert and served it warm with vanilla ice cream. The old couple offered Sam and Dean the guest rooms (formerly their kids’ rooms, who had long since grown up and had families of their own) so they could rest before heading back to Lebanon.
Dean could literally feel Cas' anxiety fade into pure happiness, even though it clearly showed on his face. Cas took his hand, and the next moment they were standing on a crowded street, the signs at the intersection reading South B.B. King Boulevard and Beale Street. Still holding Dean's hand, Cas pulled until they were walking down the street.
“So basically,” Dean said with a grin, rooting around in the diaper bag with one hand, “you were jealous of me.” There was a yell from the water, and when they looked over they saw Mary and Sam toppling over into the water, MJ doing a happy fist pump and trying to get Cas to high-five her. Gabriel laughed.
*  *  *  *  *
“It’s a good idea Sammy,” Gabriel said. “I want you to see how gorgeous you look, and I’d have spank bank material for when you and your brother are out on hunts.” That made Sam laugh again. “What do you say, gorgeous? Gonna let me play photographer while I play with you?”
"No, we don't have enough to go on, just a bunch of guesses, that's why I'm here," he said.
Dean hugged her back, just holding her for a few minutes. Then he asked, "where's the last photo?"
“Dad and Uncle Sam are going on a hunt,” MJ told Bobby, who did the same doubletake MJ did. “Dad doesn’t hunt,” was Bobby’s reply. He pulled out Sam’s blender and threw in strawberries, bananas, some milk, then upended a bottle of chocolate syrup over it. The noise from the blender seemed to be a siren song, because Mary, Sam, Cas, and Gabriel all came trudging into the kitchen.
“As a matter of fact,” Sam said smugly, “we got a lot done here while you and Cas were getting your fanfiction on.”
And then the gears in his head clicked into place before screeching to a halt.
"Um, hi," Sam said with a wave. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean filled everyone in on the case as Mary puttered around the kitchen, making more coffee and making sure everyone had something to eat. “I haven’t been on a witch hunt since before you boys were born,” she said, smiling at her pun. “Maybe I can tag along with you.”
to happen. Just as Mary set the pie on the table, the door to the bunker swung open. Two teenagers-a tall, thin girl with blue-black hair and a slightly taller yet stocky boy with chestnut hair-rushed in and slammed the door behind them.
“I assure you, there was no dancing of any kind. We simply expressed our feelings for each other. And anything that may or may not happen in the future is none of your concern.”
“We mated with Father’s blessing, and we raise our children well.” Gabriel dug his sword a little deeper into Samyaza’s neck. “And I’m here to get justice for everyone you ever hurt, every soul you’ve eaten, every life you’ve taken. No one else will ever suffer
list. Blatant misuse of angelic powers. What do you say?"
Bobby looked at MJ with Sam's patented puppy eyes, but MJ was shaking her head. She looked at her Dad sadly. "I don't know how much we can say. She's a huge part of our timeline, and if we do anything to interfere with that I don't know what would change."
He had no idea when he started developing an infatuation on the man, but he found himself smiling, thinking that maybe it was time for him to get into a little trouble.
” before taking Kevin’s arm again. Kevin nodded at them, and they were gone. Dean jumped from his seat and said, “what the Hell, Gabe?”
“Hey guys,” Dean asked casually, “what’s up?”
“What the hell was that all about?” Bobby demanded when they landed in the library in the bunker. “Is the old devil finally going insane?”
The silence was as shattered as the whiskey bottle when it hit the wall.
“Male,” Sam deadpanned.
.” Once Sam was completely naked, Gabriel instructed him to climb onto their bed and sit up comfortably, facing the headboard. The archangel brought his supplies over and set them on the nightstand-piles and piles of rope bundles, but also massage oil, lube, and a few assorted sex toys. Sam was seriously starting to wonder if this was really a good idea.
anything happened to you."
Between Sam's hands on his wings and Dean's cock in his ass, Castiel was overloaded with sensation. He ground down onto Dean's dick, his fingers in the hunter's hair as lightning bolts of pleasure skated across his nervous system. When Dean's hands made their way down to his backside to start lifting up and dropping him back down on his erection, Castiel questioned himself for not doing this before. He absolutely adored the feel of Dean inside and all around him, his touch all over his skin. He began riding Dean's dick in earnest without his help, crying out each time Dean hit deep inside him. The faster he went, the hard he thrust down, the more pleasurable the feeling. When Sam grasped a handful of his feathers and gently tugged at them, it was like an attack on his synapses lighting him up and blacking him out at the same time. Cas screamed Dean's name as he shot ropes of come across the man's chest.
“Gimme my boy,” Dean said, holding his arms out to take Sammy from MJ. He smiled at the weight of his son that he hadn’t seen in twenty years. He pulled on Cas’ grace through their bond and tickled Sammy with it, making him giggle and his wings pop out. Twenty years of being bonded to his angel had taught Dean a trick or two, and now he stared at his son in wonder and pride as he examined the tiny wings. They were so much like’s Cas’, inky black, but rather than the iridescence of Cas’ wings, Sammy’s were tipped with a shimmery jade green.
Dean pulled the cello in front of him and raised his bow, thoroughly enjoying the look on Cas’ face at that little remark. It took a minute for the other man to pull himself from his thoughts before they started again.
"Dean?" Cas asked quietly, and Dean could swear he heard lust in the angel's voice. He slipped his hand between their bodies and ran a lubed finger around Cas' furled entrance. At the feeling of the nerves in his rim being stimulated, Cas moaned and let his head fall to one side.
"I understand my vessel isn't compatible with your sexual preference-"
“Hey Dad!” MJ called out to him as she came through the kitchen. “Happy Valentine’s Day!” She walked over to Dean, gave him a big hug around the neck from behind, and kissed the top of his head.
“Well,” Mary told them, “if we’re going to try to be done and back before Christmas, we’d better get on the road.” She turned and left while her sons kissed their angels goodbye. They had a witch hunt to attend to.
Dean ground the heel of his palm into his cock through his pants, trying hard not to shoot off like a bottle rocket as he looked over all the marks he left on Cas’ thighs splattered with come. His eyes shot up to Cas’ face when he heard the man moan.
“That’s because you’re still you in the future, all self-sacrificing and fueled by righteousness and guilt,” Gabriel pointed out. “The kids know this, and are trying to protect you. If you knew everything they did, you’d try to play it that way, without feeling or thought, and believe it or not your feelings dictate a lot of what you do or don’t do. Right?” he asked pointedly.
He’d told Cas about his mom, how important First Chair was to him, but he still insisted on taking it from him? What kind of fresh bullshit was this? Probably why Cas hadn’t made another move on him and why he was still grinning like an idiot.
“Sonofabitch! We should have LoJacked those two before they could try anything else!” Dean started stomping around, kicking at rocks, picking them up and throwing them. He was pissed. Once again, his daughter thought she knew better than him, risked herself to save them, with no thought about her own safety. Cas came up behind him and tried to take his hand, but Dean shook it off violently, causing Cas to recoil.
After burgers and cake, Bobby started tearing into his presents. Dean and Castiel had gotten him a leather jacket and hat that was an exact match to those worn by Indiana Jones. Gabriel got Bobby a leather-bound journal that was spelled to only allow him to read the contents. MJ had given Bobby her silver knife, but had engraved a protection sigil in the hilt.
Gabriel dropped to his knees, lifting Samyaza’s head by his hair. The leader of the Grigori was finished, the black ichor from the chest wound now pouring out at an exponential rate and consuming the flesh and bone. Gabriel lifted the head so he stared into
“Have you tried calling-” Bobby started, but MJ slapped a hand over his mouth, shaking her head. “Too soon,” she whispered.
“I thought you were dead, asshole,” Dean asked.
Mary ran around the table and wrapped her arms around the girl, smoothing her hair down and shushing her. “It’s ok sweetie, we’re here, we’ll help you.” She looked at her boys pointedly, trying to get them to figure this out before the girl (her granddaughter?) started crying.
list to check off-Impala sex and road head. The previous night, shortly after 1am, they had pulled over into a clearing and made love on the hood of the Impala under the stars, then christened the back seat just to make sure they covered their bases. As for road head, Dean was spent and still unzipped when his phone rang, the caller ID reading 666.
"No, Danel. He was on the list I gave you guys as unaccounted for. He had a human wife and two sons, both wiped out by the flood. He's not as powerful as Samyaza, but he's got a grudge and he's pissed. Worse, he's been tracked to the Midwest."
ready for a teenage daughter.”
“Dude,” he said breathlessly, “I don’t care what you said before. You brought apple pie, you are my new best friend.”
“You’re a friggin’ genius man,” Dean said before diving back into his pie.
“Nuh uh!” Bobby shook his head. “Said angel isn’t even here right now, so there’s no point in freaking you out.”
“Better five than six!” MJ said cheerfully.
"Double or nothing, asshole," Dean spat at Gabriel. "You bet Cas I'd have some big gay freakout, and I didn't." Sam snorted and muttered "told ya" under his breath at Gabriel. Dean continued.
In which Dean notices Castiel's sex hair and wonders what it would be like to be the person who makes it look that way.
Dean looked at it and sighed. He slid down the side of the car and sat with his back to it, holding Sammy in his lap. “What am I gonna do with you, little man?” he asked Sammy, and the baby just gurgled at him and patted his cheeks. Dean laughed. “Yeah, I’m trying kiddo, but I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. Never even thought I’d be a dad. I don’t know how to raise an angel.” At the word ‘angel’, Sammy blew a raspberry at him and Dean could swear he felt movement under his fingers where they touched Sammy’s back.
“Nah, not anymore. Just needed to recharge the batteries, then decided to go on vacation. It was pleasant until I was summoned into a ring of holy fire, punched in the face, and accused of being a parent,” Gabriel said, rolling his eyes.
“My apologies,” she said politely. “Lady Antonia Bevell, British Men of Letters.” The name clicked in Gabriel’s head, memories of torture pulled from Sam’s own head. He lunged forward to throttle the woman, but Sam grabbed his arms and held him back. Toni just chuckled at that. “Good thing your mojo isn’t working, or I have a feeling you would have smote me where I’m standing.” She returned to her seat and picked up her cup, taking another sip.
"Oh crap, I'm sorry Dad," Bobby said, hugging Sam. "Happy birthday!"
It was barely 6am, but it was April Fool's Day, and Dean was the king of pranks. He snuck down the hall in his socked feet, silent as a hunter stalking its prey, air horn in one hand. This morning, his prey was MJ. As goofy as it sounded (even to him), he was looking forward to pranking his daughter for the first time.
The kids just stood there staring at Sam and Gabriel with knowing grins on their faces, making Sam blush furiously. Bobby laughed, rarely ever seeing his dad blush like that. Gabriel laughed along with his son, finding the blush on his hunter's cheeks absolutely endearing.
Dean shrugged his shoulder. “Not bad, all things considered. Mom made me drink about half a gallon of orange juice before she even let me out of bed, and that was only because all that juice made me have to piss,” he grinned. “She’s expecting me to go straight back to bed, but I had to check on MJ and I wanted to come see how you were holding up.”
Castiel rested his hands on Dean’s waist and pressed a kiss to one of his shoulders. “I find it amusing to occasionally catch you unaware.”
Well, Castiel
From the kitchen table, Dean’s cell phone started vibrating. Dean jerked, asking himself more than Castiel “who the hell is calling at this time of night?” He stepped out from between Cas and the kitchen sink, snagging his phone and, seeing the weird number, answered.
“A little tired,” she said with a weak grin, “but otherwise fine. Bobby’s all sorts of drained though. I’m glad you guys found his message.”
"So what's with the visit?" Claire asked. "I mean, I know I'm a ray of sunshine and a joy to be around, but you guys usually don't show up unless something's going down. There a hunt up here I haven't heard about?"
Mary and Dean passed the time keeping their hands on the baby so he wouldn’t take off on them. “I think he’s doing that on purpose to get more attention,” Dean said before lifting Sammy to blow a raspberry on his tummy. He tossed him up a couple times in the air to make him laugh and squeal, and Dean laughed right along with him.
was pretty awesome, too.”
“No way!” Sam said, a little awed. Bobby grinned and nodded.
Again with the silence in the room, again with Dean blushing as he said, “yeah Cas, that’s okay,” and brought him the traditional cello. This time, it was Dean receiving the odd stares as he perched himself on the edge of the piano bench next to Sam with the electric cello. He sorted out the music on his stand for a minute before looking up and asking, “so, are we gonna do this or not?”
“Awwwww, man,” Lucifer whined, “why do you have to go and punish me? All that girl ever wants to do is talk about is my feelings.”
Dean pulled his hands down his face, torn about what to do. He wanted his daughter out, but she also had a point. He looked at her again, her eyes pleading. He turned around and told Crowley “what she said. Release Bobby now, MJ will stay until the contract is signed. That’s our final offer.”
around. Me more than Sam. You became family to us, which is a big deal.”
"I think it came with the wings," Gabriel said proudly. "Two pair," he said holding up two fingers. "One pair less than an archangel, one more than any other angel. Kevin geeked out on that one, said he's copyrighting the term ArchNephilim."
“There’s gotta be a Bogart joke in here somewhere,” Dean said with a laugh. “Something about ‘out of all the gin joints in all the world’.”
“Relax Cassie, time is a fickle thing, but if we weren’t meant to affect it, the kids wouldn’t be here and have given us as much knowledge as they have.” Gabe placed a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
Sam joined Gabriel, his mom, his brother, and Castiel in the kitchen about twenty minutes later. He was confused because everyone was just hanging around but there wasn’t any food or drink out anywhere.
"Yeah," he said hoarsely, "they're great. They're awesome. She pulled that 'Daughter picks the music, Daddy shuts his cakehole' thing on me though, had to endure almost three hours of rap. It was touch and go, but we all survived."
“Angels gestate for approximately four months, but they develop inside an egg, which is then passed from their vessels and hatches another four months later.” Dean stared at him bug-eyed. “However, Nephilim gestate in much the same manner as humans, with the exception they generate their own placenta and gestate for about thirty-six weeks instead of forty.”
Hunting was officially off the schedule until Sam and Gabriel emerged from their room. Since they bonded completely on the Fourth of July, they’ve practically lived in there with only a couple sightings between their door and the bathroom. The phrase
*  *  *  *  *
“You feathered bastard!” he yelled at Cas. “Did you corrupt our child into thinking this is music?!?”
But that didn't mean he gave up necessarily.
“What are you doing?” Sam leaned forward, brows furrowed. “What’s going on?”
“Sorry,” he said softly, still not pulling away. “I didn’t mean to-”
He had the right to be clingy, he told himself.
Glancing up in surprise, Castiel went willingly into the hug. "I'm sorry, he said quietly.
Castiel took a deep breath, leaning back in his chair, and meeting Dean's eyes again. "Me and Sam talk often. He’s in college to be a lawyer. He's got a girlfriend now. Real spitfire. You're gonna like her. Name's Jess. Sam met her at the beginning of this year. They hit it off almost immediately. She passed Bobby's test, which is surprising, because no one has passed it before."
“It’s one movie, Dean,” he deadpanned. “I highly doubt that I’ll miss that much. I’m nowhere close to an invalid, and I have no intentions of letting you ruin my grades. Besides,” he added, face falling. “I have to finish before I can do anything else.”
Soon enough the monsters learned to fear him, just as they had feared the Winchesters.
Meg moved back, and Castiel took her place, sitting on the edge of the bed. “It’s okay, Dean. You’re safe. No one’s gonna hurt you anymore. I promise.”
He nodded shakily. “Okay. Okay, I just want to see him.”
Three.
Charlie Bradbury was quickly added to that list.
He didn’t get up.
Coils of pain wrapped around his heart, and he bowed, hiding the trembling chin. “Yes your Majesty.”
“Dean?” Sam’s voice carried from upstairs, and he could hear the descending footsteps in the stairwell.
The air quotes looked better when Cas was doing them, Dean decided absently.
He had never lost the wariness of being a garrison leader, and his senses- while having lost the angelic edge- were sharply honed, so he knew there was someone behind him before he turned.
“You’re welcome.”
He glanced up to see if he was getting through, and nearly jumped when he met Dean's eyes.
“Okay.” Dean took a deep breath. “Keep going.”
As she had said many times, she didn’t want to be in the ‘dump of a place’ any longer than she had to be.
“She said-” Castiel started, but stopped.
“I need to talk to him.”
He pressed a kiss to Dean’s throat, ignoring the pain in his side to curl closer. “I forgot everything, when I washed up on the shore of the river. I don’t remember what the town was called, I was out of my mind with fever. Someone found me, dressed my injuries, and put me on the coach to the nearest town with a doctor. I couldn’t- I couldn’t remember anything. Not even my own name.”
Castiel inhaled deeply, smiling sadly at his hands. "We missed you."
He turned away.
“Mom?”
He wasn't anywhere near one when the storm struck.
“Looks like it’s all good for now,” Meg said quietly. “I’ll let you guys have some space.”
He's counted before, he just needs to make it fifteen steps to the door.
“Don’t worry about it.” Glancing sideways, Castiel ran his hand over the counter. “You look like you’ve done pretty well for yourself.”
The stairwell was encased in flames.
Dean gave a half-hearted shrug, eyes fixed on the swirling grain of the wood beneath his fingers.
Every breath rattled in his chest, almost to the point of being painful.
"Where's Jack?"
Dean let out a shaky breath against his temple. “When’d you remember?”
“Probably.” Dean stepped into his eyesight. “But we need to. What’s in there?”
“I’m saying what I should have a long time ago.”  Dean reached out, tugged him closer using the lapels of his coat. “You can have this.”
Before he had time to react, he was being yanked into another hug that was, impossibly, tighter than Jo's.
“I know.” He laughed softly, meeting Castiel’s eyes with a happy smile. “I got Pamela to excuse you from the rest of your classes, so now you’re free.”
Faintly he heard a panicked voice, then hurried footsteps.
Dean nodded stiffly, knuckles going white on the table edge.
Dean took the silence as a negative, and his shoulders slumped. “You don’t have to, I just thought it’d be-”
“Are you okay?”
There was a forced lightness to his voice, and Castiel hummed quietly. “I promised you I wouldn’t die, remember? I always keep my promises.”
As her frown deepened, he remembered he hadn’t answered her yet.
He waited for a moment before smiling softly. "Okay. Remember that time we went skinny dipping? We went in old Rufus' pond, and he nearly caught us? Then we got chased by his bull-"
When the movie ended, the two made their way out of the theater, parting with the group, and heading home.
And she was gone.
Castiel looked him over, noting the IV, and the thinness of his wrists that showed from the sleeves of an ill-fitting T-shirt. Bandages wrapped around his throat. “I’m just gonna talk, okay?” He exhaled sharply. “Right. Do you remember when we were eight, and we built that tree fort? Your dad let us have his leftover boards, and we thought we were going to build the tallest castle ever? It turned out to be about two feet high, but we were so proud of that thing.”
Here, his sacrifice meant nothing.
He pushed himself out of the seat, stumbling forward to wrap himself around his boyfriend.
. We’re not.
He stopped dead, eyes widening in apprehension, before relaxing as he saw the dolphin.
Regardless of Dean's scream of "Cas- No!"
He’d seen something Dean hadn’t, he realized.
Nothing feels real.
“I can put you on speaker, but he most likely won’t respond.”
to,” he countered.
“Oh my God, you guys!” Charlie exclaimed, rushing the two cellists and throwing an arm around each of their necks. “This is so amazing! I’m so happy for you! Now we have more to celebrate than just Sam getting better!”
What did Castiel think? He smiled to himself at the memory of their impromptu performance Friday night. Couple that with the anticipation of spending more time with Dean in order to prepare for the show, and he was almost vibrating in his skin. If he were ever to break from the norm and embark on an adventure, this would be it.
MJ crossed her arms over her chest. “Funny, I thought that was Uncle Gabe,” she said dryly.
Castiel had been sitting at his cello for hours trying to practice the First Chair part for
Gabriel pulled his head back to stare at her. "
“It’s almost noon, jerk,” was Sam’s reply. “Get your lazy ass up, I have a piece I want to run by you.” Sam grinned at his brother then left, slamming the door behind him. Dean winced at the sound.
Gabriel sobbed, the wound on Sam's chest healed but no life in his body. He felt Sam's soul between his blood-stained fingers and held on tight. "Don't you dare leave me now, Sam," Gabriel cried softly. "Don't you go anywhere. I need you, gorgeous, please don't go."
Gabriel feigned shocked innocence. “It can wait, Samshine,” he said too sweetly. “You’ve been on the road for days, you dealt with a whole coven of witches, and you’re probably exhausted. Why don’t you take a nap, and Christmas dinner will be ready when
“Amen,” Dean said with a lopsided grin, then blew out the candles. “Want some?” He cut a large slice for himself and put a smaller slice on another plate. MJ reached forward and grabbed the plate with the larger slice with a playful grin and Dean tried to snag it back before she could dig in. “Hey! That was for me!”
An idea crammed its way into Dean’s head, then immediately shook it loose. Nope, no way would he think of asking Cas to try this.
* * * * *
"Oh, if
By Friday he and Cas had been talking more, and Dean felt a little more confident about asking the man to hang out outside of practice. Gabriel was back at the Speakeasy that night, and he knew Sam was gonna be there watching his boyfriend’s band. Maybe with his brother there, Cas would see it more like hanging out and less like a date and would agree to go with them.
"Well, that may be a lead on who wants the kids on the angelic side," Dean snarled. His anger was overwhelmed by a feeling of sadness though, but it wasn't his own. He looked at Cas, who had gripped his hand and had his head bowed. "Cas, you ok?" he asked his angel, concerned.
Dean’s jaw practically hit the floor. He looked at Castiel as though he were from another planet. He laid one warm hand on Castiel’s forearm and pleaded, “tell me you’ve at least seen Star Wars, right?”
With a smirk and a cocked eyebrow, the archangel said “Property of Gabriel.” Sam just laughed and pulled him in for another kiss.
MJ's door was already cracked open about an inch, so he very slowly and as quietly as possible pushed it open far enough to squeeze through. The sliver of light shone onto her bed. MJ was sprawled out face down on top of the covers in sleep shorts and an oversized tee, her long hair everywhere. As he crept closer to her bed, raising the air horn, the light reflected off something plastic lying on the bed beside her. He leaned over to look at it and saw it was one of those cheap plastic photo books they usually gave out when someone got their pictures developed.
“I think we need a change in the musical portion of the program,” Gabriel said, snapping his fingers. Dean’s choice of music was soon replaced by Ed Sheeran’s
Castiel blushed awkwardly. “I do apologize to both of you for that, I know that this is important to both of you.”
“Ack! You wound me sir! I even have Cassie’s seal of approval on this idea, so you have to trust me!” Gabriel walked over to the brothers and very gently shut both of their laptops with one finger on each hand. “You’ll love it, both of you, I promise.” He looked at them, pleading with his eyes for them to play along. Dean, for one, was curious what Gabriel could have cooked up that Cas was excited about.
He lost track of time reading and re-reading Sam’s composition, loving the play of the cellos against each other yet still in harmony with the piano. He loved that it was a faster tempo than the original, yet stayed true to the spirit of the song. Most of all he loved the thought of playing it with his brother and Cas.
"Come on, Gabe," Sam said to his own angel (when did he start thinking of Gabriel as
get into trouble.
“For what?” Sam asked, hand cupping his chin to tilt Gabriel’s eyes up to his.
reference, Cas!” Sam rolled his eyes at Dean, and Gabriel just shrugged with a good natured smile. The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched as he answered, “yes, Dean, I understand that reference.”
… with my daughter! How the hell was I supposed to react to that?” He twisted the top off of another bottle of beer and chugged half of it before slamming it back down on the table.
Dean frowns at the spot Cas used to be. "'Course you do," he mutters, and turns back to his book.
“You better,” Meg replies and hangs up.
That was another life anyway.
Cas only looks at him, eyes wide but expression unreadable. "You didn't have to save me," he whispers hoarsely.
"I've got you, Dean." Cas's voice is close, heated and rough. "Trust me."
"If this problem continues, you can't keep dealing with it alone. You'll die of exhaustion or exertion, whichever comes first."
Castiel wrinkles his forehead, but when she waves for him to follow her into the stacks, he does.
November means summer here on the wrong side of the equator and it's as steamy hot as an engine room already. A hell of a lot quieter, though. The whole island could still be asleep. Dean scrubs at his eyes with his wrist, his other arm shoved up behind his neck under the flat military-issue pillow, and lifts his head just enough to glare at the sun. He's seen more than a few sunrises lately, but this is the first regular morning he's had in months—one that comes after a night's sleep, in a bed that's not a bunk, and a body to share it with.
“There’s been some . . . activity in the house, and I wondered what you might know about that.”
Castiel nods, numb, trying to let the truth sink in. “Right.” He reaches into his back pocket and dials Meg.
"I know, Dean," he says.
Castiel does as Dean asks, and then does it again. It gets easier each time—easier to process the glut of pleasure. He's able to lean back and up, fingertips brushing Dean's stomach as he balances. Dean curses again.
Dean lets his arms fall to his sides and collapses back against the wall. He's just so goddamn tired. "Yeah, how's that?"
Dean knows weapons, knows cause and effect, knows triggers.
not much, but—"
He’s positive it’s impossible for the house to laugh at him, but Castiel also swears he hears a whisper-light chuckle all the same.
Dean smashes his eyes shut. "Not sure—" he huffs as Cas wins his war with Dean's boxers "—this is a good idea."  It's a stupid, stupid thing to say, especially when his entire body is very convinced this is the best idea he's ever had, but, "Lisa," Dean blurts just as he can feel Cas's warm touch and breath. "Shhhhit. Cas. God yes," he gushes. Then he shakes his head. "I mean, no. No no no. Cas, Lisa and Ben—"
Sam? Seriously?"
He turns back to the house and blows on his hands. This is it now.
Cas could look. In the bath he looked tired and sore, but in the way a battle-worn solider might after an ass kicking. But standing there freshly showered and half naked, Cas looks . . . doable. No. Well, yes, that too, but Dean thinks what he means is accessible. Approachable. Or maybe just vulnerable. Whatever. He's not a thesaurus.
"How do you feel? Do you want anything?"
Dean sucks his bottom lip between his teeth and lets out a very tortured groan. “Look, I might not be able to help, but—and I’m just putting this out there, you know, for future reference—if you have an itch you gotta scratch, Cas, there ain’t nothing stopping you. Least of all me. I’m just sayin’.”
“Okay, but it’s weirder if we just keep sitting in the driveway.”
It turns out Cas is sort of a crazy perfectionist (really, Dean shouldn't be surprised by that) and it turns out that's kind of hot (ditto). Cas takes a strategic approach to each vegetable, considering the best angle before making the first precise cut, asking how Dean would like it (Dean's mostly sure he imagines the innuendo there): sliced or chopped or diced. And then Cas sets about his task, sleeves rolled up to bare taut, slender wrists that lead to nimble fingers. Dean has to force himself not to watch Cas wash carrots. Or potatoes. Or anything that involves stroking or fondling. It makes him drop stuff and burn things, like himself.
He’s circling the dining room for the second time when it occurs to him he hasn’t checked behind the china hutch. It’s such a fixture in the room Castiel doesn’t think of it as separate from the wall, but it must be, of course. He examines the hutch’s position and possible weaknesses and makes up his mind that it’s worth a try. He’ll have to get behind it eventually anyway to remove the wallpaper. Propping a hip against one side and working his fingers between the wood and the wall, he pushes. There’s a scrape and a rattle and a scary moment he thinks the whole thing might topple, but he manages it. When he stands back he notices the hutch is only a few inches from where it was—definitely heavier than it appeared. Still, it’s a few inches enough to peer behind it and find . . . no outlet.
“Right, of course,” Sam concedes. “I don’t know what I can do to help, but I’m willing. I always wanted Dean to find some peace, even before he died. We had a family friend—sort of a second dad to us, really—who always said Dean would fight his own shadow if it could punch back.” Sam shakes himself out of the memory. “Sorry. It’s just been so long.”
Castiel gives chase as Dean arcs wide around the maple tree. Steps away from the black ’67 Chevy Impala in need of some engine work that’s parked in the drive, Dean does drop the brush and allows himself to be captured with another kiss.
Cas strokes behind his ear, kisses the crown of his head.
The feeling of the kiss is faint but satisfying, like lips meeting a cool glass on a hot day.
There are voices outside. Reveille must've played while they were too interested in each other to notice.
“Is this the first time he’s done anything like this?”
"Can I, Cas?" he whispers, nipping the shell of Cas's ear as he strokes and presses. "You up for it?"
Dean stands his ground and wishes his heartbeat was quieter. Wishes Cas was less tousled and hot and close. Wishes the sound of Cas's voice didn't break him open and turn him on all at that same time.
He doesn't like the sound of that. It's not fair to order around somebody who just caught the drift of free will. He seriously is a dick sometimes.
"Because curators use gloves, Dean" Sam deadpans.
any time soon.
“In that case, care to join me on my couch?” Castiel asks. He gets to his feet and stretches, rolling his shoulders and letting pins and needles work their way out of his legs.
And even though Dean is the strangest thing that’s ever happened to Castiel, he doesn’t tell Meg about him. He’s not sure why, but when he stepped out into the front yard to call her the next morning—and immediately wondered about Dean’s reach and whether he can appear outside the house—Castiel had found himself reporting that he hadn’t gotten results using the ouija board (because he hadn’t, technically) but activity had died down and he’s feeling safer.
end, but he doesn't— How can he—
It's not long before Dean has to pull back again, rolling his lips in and willing some self control. It's not easy with Cas panting against his mouth and one thumb finally having found a bare patch of skin under all Cas's layers. He strokes that smooth spot as he speaks and tries really hard not to think about undressing Cas entirely.
"Only, it backfired. In the lasting-over-four-hours way. The cursed version sounds more like torture, really."
Bitter as he is over Angelus’s crash and what it means for the future, he doesn’t regret his move to Kansas or what the house has taught him so far. And after an evening away, he’d found himself thinking about going home and surprised by how the phrase seemed only to apply to this place, here.
“Jesus, Cas. I thought— Jesus,” Dean pants, hips pushing into the mattress, short thrusts that mean he’s hard and seeking friction. It gives Castiel a prideful little thrill. He licks back into Dean’s body, this time flicking the stiff point of his tongue fast over Dean’s entrance.
"Sam told me to tell you this is his housewarming present," he informs Dean.
"Yeah. I live here," he deadpans and slams the mayo down on the island counter.
Dean shifts and reshuffles, his eyes darting past Castiel. “Look, you’re crap at repairs but the old place needs ’em. So keep up the mediocre work. And remember, radio goes there,” he points. “And keep that piece of crap closed, okay?” He jerks his chin at the box on the floor. “Don’t make me come back to kick your ass.”
Dizzy and hard and not at all sure he's not dreaming this, Dean grips the shoulders of that damnable trench coat, his body thrumming
Dean really, really doesn't want to explain.
He catches Cas around the chest, keeping them both from toppling face first into the stove. Cas makes little thrusts into Dean's remaining hand, still clutching Dean against him, and, "Yeah, okay. I need to fuck you now," Dean concludes. He reaches out and snaps off the burner.
Dean quirks a smile. They both know that's impossible. There's a war on.
"Uh, yeah. Normal as he ever is, I guess. He said he'd just seen you."
Castiel rolls his eyes. “There’s no such thing as ghosts.”
The build takes longer this time, and Dean winds up growling out a string of dirty things he doesn't mean to, because that's what happens when you're on the brink of orgasm for eons. He pulls and shoves at Cas too. Drags him closer by a belt loop until Cas inches forward on his knees to settle between Dean's legs. Pushes Cas back to shove off that stupid suit jacket. Claws at his chest and catches his tie to yank him near again.
“It’s usually to some low-budget late-night horror movie or the sports network. Definitely not the channel it was on when I shut it off,” Castiel confesses in a rush. He tells her about that first time, while he’s on a roll. “I thought maybe it was just the electricity,” he finishes weakly.
Twenty minutes later, after the make-out session of a lifetime and saying a very sexually frustrated goodbye to an equally hard up but goddamn stubborn angel, Dean's combing his hair forward with his fingers and adjusting his jeans as Lisa and Ben announce their arrival.
Without warning, Dean pushes up onto his hands and knees. Castiel flows with the motion—a sway forward, a lean back onto his haunches—mouth slipping from Dean for only brief seconds. The new angle allows him to lick and suck more freely and he takes advantage, slicking every centimeter he can reach, remembering how good he feels when Dean gets him wet all over with the lube he uses on his fingers—that messy, wild feeling of ready want. His cock twitches at the thought.
Sam gives him a skeptical once-over. "A real problem or a personal problem?"
"Ya think?" Bobby scoffs, just as the skinny possessed kid who's been slinging office furniture through the air speaks, making some overblown threat to Sam and sounding a whole lot like Zuul.
Three fingers press against his lips, stopping his words. "You are not the cause of the world's ills, Dean Winchester, and you alone are not the only person who can solve them. Don't be sorry that I love you, Dean. I'm not."
"My leg," Dean gestures to the bloody denim above his right knee. "I can't run. Losing too much blood, hurts like a bitch. I wouldn't get far enough away. They'd get me anyway."
Three days unshaven, dark smudges under sunken eyes, and half heartedly holding a screwdriver for a reason he can’t remember, Castiel watches his forty-somethingth hour of CNN coverage while standing in the living room. Too big to fail was what they’d said about the Titanic too.
It's not just the coat though, of course. Cas's stupid asylum scrub shirt is drenched and his skin clammy. Sitting limply at the edge of the bed, he looks small and cold.
She drops out of sight to shuffle around on a shelf below the counter, then pops up and spins a manila folder toward him just as he reaches the reference desk.
Before Dean can reach for a towel, Cas takes hold of Dean's wrist. Swift but deliberate, he folds the tip of Dean's thumb into his mouth and Dean's lungs stutter to a halt. Stock still and stunned, he watches as Cas closes his eyes and sucks firmly. He feels Cas's tongue drag against the fleshy pad of his thumb, extra sensitive from its contact with the paring knife. Cas parts his lips enough to circle his tongue once, then closes them again and pulls back with a hum.
Castiel has no idea what to say next. The appropriate thing, were Dean a regular guest, would be to invite him to stay for coffee, or dinner. But those aren’t exactly feasible options in this situation. He defaults back to one of the questions on his list. “Why did you move my furniture?”
"Dean," Cas stops him short, putting a hand to Dean's face. Dean catches a musky, salty scent—Cas's fingers smell like sex, like Dean. "Do you trust me?"
Cas arches and groans, and if he flicks one fingertip down quick
"We're finishing this thing, Dean. It'll be done. You just have to stay with me."
is heavily implied.
“Hey, can I ask you something?” Sam’s in the passenger seat, his knees grazing the dash even with the seat pushed all the way back.
Meg reels back an inch. “You bought the Campbell place?”
"I read the part that said 'rhino horn.'" He's pretty sure he hears Sam facepalm.
"Yeah?"
There aren't words Dean could yell loud enough to make what he's feeling go away. Silent seething is a shitty alternative, but he manages it. Anger burns in him hot enough he feels tears spark at his eyes. Anger at himself, at Cas's selflessness, at those Leviathan fuckers, at God. Still, he wills it to stay back, all of it. If he says one thing it will be too many and too hurtful.
"And, sure, I cook. But it's not like I'm going to open a restaurant or anything. Maybe I'd do a diner. Nothing fancy. Just short-order stuff, maybe. Eggs and sausage. Bacon cheeseburgers. Maybe some pie on the counter. No salad." He frowns some, whittling chunks of dark meat down to size, blunt knife blade meeting his thumb each time. "It's not like I've thought about it."
play it; he can't roll out his usual game, not in Lisa's freaking kitchen, not with an angel of the Lord, and not with Cas because it shouldn't be a game with Cas, and since when did he make that decision?—he goes with the cold shoulder.
“Sorry,” Castiel says automatically, deflating, and Dean laughs. His eyes crinkle and a wide smile breaks across his face. He’s not so much backlit as a pale illumination all on his own, Castiel observes.
“I want to help you,” Castiel answers, pouring as much love as he can into the words even as he retreats. He wants to take Dean back to the night they met, he wants to reclaim Dean from whatever’s swallowed him. He wants and wants what never should’ve been possible to begin with.
"I'm not what I was. Even once I heal, I know I've . . . changed. But," he looks up at Dean then, "if all that I am is for you, then it's enough."
Dean doesn't know what Cas means by
“This is too unsettling. If you’re going to be here,
Dean convulses. His whole body bounces and trembles as he tries to fuck into the strokes of Cas’s hand without losing the attention of his mouth. “Cas!” he wails, voice broken. “Fucking hell, fucking— Christ.
"No, Sam. He's got his own crap going on that's so important he can't be here. We haven't seen him in days and if he ain't here, he ain't part of it. This is you, me, and Bobby."
And just like that Dean's back to being pissed off.
This time Cas chuckles audibly. "I don't eat at all. You know that."
He tells himself it hadn’t been real. He attends both job interviews and gets an offer the very next day. He celebrates alone and tries not to feel disappointed by that. He shuts his eyes and shivers with memories of sensation he tells himself there’s no way he could have experienced.
"I don't know, he didn't say. But, I mean, that's not possible, is it? Why would an angel make a deal with a demon?"
The smile wipes from Dean’s face and he aims a finger gun at the back wall. “Radio goes over there.”
“I don’t think anybody’s ready to meet the ghost of their dead brother. And I’ve done it before.”
The second of silence on the other end means Meg’s gotten the message, but of course what she says—chiding—is “Oh but, honey, there’s no such thing.”
Dean snorts. He looks down at his hands, over at Cas's stockinged feet. He doesn't want to think about the creeping memory of euphoria, the sneaky thing that whispers
Dean cocks his head. “That’s not what you were gonna say.” His tone is still deceptively light in a way Castiel doesn’t like.
and continues to avoid the simple question. "C'mon, you're telling me you haven't peeked in to find out? Not even once?" He waggles his eyebrows. "I thought angels were always watching over me."
Cas darts one of those unreadable angel glances at him and adds the diced green peppers to the simmering pot of stewed tomatoes and sauce. He stirs and taste-tests the mixture, adding more chili powder as Dean cracks open cans of kidney beans and drains off the water.
"Get him out of here," Sam says to someone Dean can't see as he scoops a hand under Dean's back to lever him up. Dean winces and curses but gets to his feet. At about the same time he notices the blood on his shirt is his blood, he realizes that the shoulder Sam's lumping him onto belongs to Cas. "Just go!" Sam shouts over another lightning blast from Zuul.
A middle-aged man in a polo shirt stands outside the open front door. He waves a tube of paper he’s got rolled in one hand. “Hey. I’m here to take a look at your windows. Novak, right?”
“What, you so scared of me you bring backup?” Debris begins to lift off the floor. Pieces of broken picture frame, shards of ceramic lamp, they hover at thigh height, ready to fly with a flick of Dean’s open hand.
— — — — —
He watches Dean concentrate, watches him dip his head so he can see better, watches him hold his breath and hope that didn't hurt. Dean knows because he flicks his own looks at Cas, just to make sure he's okay, and always finds that Cas's eyes are fastened on him.
Deciding to add crown molding to the dining room seemed like an easy enough project, but now he’s spent two hours climbing up and down the ladder to measure and miter corners, dropping the tiny finishing nails, clocking his thumb with the hammer, listening to Dean prattle, and he’s about out of patience. He’s been tolerating Dean’s presence because his nonstop talking means Castiel is learning about haunting without having to ask questions, but for the most part it’s been “heroic” stories of Dean scaring children and frustrating housewives, with numerous asides to chide Castiel for not doing things right.
Dean didn't know it was possible to feel dizzy while laying down. But maybe it's the way Cas's demand went straight to his dick.
“I don’t know,” Castiel sighs, sing-song skeptical.
—pouts. “Don’t rub it in.”
“Fine. So what’s your plan?”
Meg’s smile goes wide before she drifts away.
— — — — —
"You ready, Cas?" he whispers, pushing his fingers in deep, making sure to trigger that sweet spot inside.
, the angel's coming at him like he'd been hit by Famine again and Dean was the new red meat. And talk about a surprise. Here Dean had been feeling guilty and weird for having dreams about just kissing an angel, and then Cas waltzes in, pins Dean's ass to a countertop, and pulls a few moves that he sure as hell didn't pick up in Heaven. Not that he's not flattered but, well, Jesus.
— — — — —
“Sam. Younger’n me. Raised the kid myself, mostly, what with Mom dead and Dad a half-functioning drunk.” The kitchen temperature drops a dozen degrees as Dean answers, and his expression remains shuttered.
“Sam Winchester? Our Sam Winchester?”
"Dean, are you—?" And that's officially Sam's weirded-out voice.
He isn’t ready when the movers arrive.
The realty website had said the house was partially furnished, but he hadn’t expected to find antiques. There’s a freestanding console cabinet with the futuristic lines of ’40s-era design in the opposite corner from the door that he suspects might be hiding a radio and maybe a turntable.
"I think we've been through worse together." A wry smile twists at Cas's lips.
Dean grins and pulls him close again. "Okay," he says. "I can work with that." He waits for Cas's small smile before kissing him again, smooth and deep.
Castiel stops Dean's hands and meets his eyes. "It's my grace, Dean." He prays it's explanation enough.
Where, apparently, it belongs.
It’s far from pretending nothing has happened, though. They know. Others know. Castiel senses it in the lean of Dean's body, in the possessiveness of his kiss. And he knows all these things without relying on grace. He can know so much when he pays attention, and he wonders, occasionally, whether grace has always been just another word for intuition. Like now, he can sense that Dean needs—is craving—attention, affection, though he climbed into bed without asking for it.
"No, Dean." Cas traces Dean's sunken cheek. "Don't you see? You didn't, you can't."
Of course he wants Cas. That's not new. Not entirely. It's just easier now, here. In this in-between, after all that's happened and before whatever's next.
Either way, it takes him a couple minutes to snap his head back in the game. He remembers the clothes he'd set aside and turns to hand them to Cas. "These should fit, I think," he says, though he has to clear his voice to speak.
For a good three seconds, Dean can only gape. Then he shakes in head in the hope some pieces will fall into place. It doesn't work.
He’d half expected to see Dean looking out from one of the windows, keeping watch, ready for them. But he isn’t there. Or, rather, he isn’t visible.
Already thinking about his next moves—mattress delivery, grocery store, purchase more durable shoes—Castiel tucks his folded deed into his breast pocket and puts his best manners back on. “Thank you for your cooperation, Ms. Wilson. I’m very happy we could come to an arrangement.” He smiles at her and extends his hand.
rolls around in his brain and he knows it's stupid but also that it's true.
So Castiel closes his eyes to stop the spin of his head and savors this moment just after, this moment before their world shifts again.
That night, Dean's alone in the bathroom again, brushing his teeth this time. He spits and rinses and takes another long look at himself in the mirror.
More silence. There's a clink of glass as somebody pours a drink.
Castiel scowls around his empty kitchen, but there’s no sign of a ghostly presence. He hesitates to move. It’s one thing to be generally aware you might be under surveillance; it’s another for the camera to talk to you.
He moves out away from the desk before beginning to recite. Immediately Zuul's attention swings to Bobby and he leaves off from choking Sam.
Castiel blinks blankly “I—”
Implied in there is that Sam somehow didn’t keep up his, and—ah, yes, now there they go. Castiel pictures those dominoes tipping one into the next. Dean died and then rejected a reaper. He chose to stay and became a ghost. All for his brother, a brother who he raised and believes he abandoned, so he’s been atoning ever since.
Holding the rush of saliva under his tongue, he makes fast work of stripping off his boxers, then spreads Dean’s cheeks with his thumbs and deposits the spit there. Dean chokes out a surprised
Dean stows his junk as fast as possible, rinses his hands and the sink, and yanks open the door fully aware he's a flushed wreck. "We have a problem."
Dean hears him hiss into the heat. When he turns back, Cas is reclined along the back of the bathtub, eyes closed and mouth slack in relief. The tub runs the length of one wall, but full of angel it looks small. Cas's knees stick up, but the rest of his pale, bare skin looks even whiter under the sheen of soapy water. Dean keeps his eyes from the dark patch of scruff he knows is there, barely hidden by bubbles, just because that's not what this is about. Sometimes a body's just a body.
“I— Yes,” he manages and wipes his sweaty palms on his thighs before stepping over the wrench to welcome the windows contractor.
"I know," Dean nods, really, really distracted by the fact that Cas still has his hand in a really, really good spot. "I know, I know. It's just . . . they live here, and this is— I don't want—"
He’d tried to warn them—tried to save them—and they punished him for it. They took his office, his company phone, his building access card. They gave him a severance and escorted him out of the building. And on that last elevator ride, falling fast as the floors ticked by, stood between the two security guards that held his elbows while he held the box of his personal belongings, Castiel did the calculation and knew he couldn’t stay in the city. They weren’t just taking his livelihood, they were taking his home. He’d never find another job on Wall Street—the black mark for getting kicked out of Angelus was the permanent kind—and he wouldn’t keep his loft or lifestyle long without one. The only life he knew how to live was effectively over. His only option was to start a new one, preferably somewhere far, far away.
Cas scoops up the pancake, twists his wrist, and drops it back in the pan, right-side up. He chuckles at his success. "I was supposed to be making you breakfast."
"What the hell? You're drenched, man. Here, sit up." He stands and hauls Cas upright, hanging onto him even as he peels off the filthy trench coat. The thing should just be burned at this point.
Confused, Dean waves a hand between Castiel and a dangling strip of molding. “Hey, don’t quit now! You were on a roll there.” Castiel ignores him, turning left across from the kitchen and heading for the door to the basement.
“Okay,” Castiel nods. “I’ll take you word for it.”
Dean's in a bad way. He's jerked off twice already this morning and each time he's right back to where he began—hard up. The first time he jacked off was just because. A quick yank in the shower over morning wood and half-remembered dreams of a firm body and something feathery. But his boner came right back. Sprung up again in the two minutes it took to use the shampoo. He took care of it again, trying out longer strokes this time, a little ball-touch action, really working it out of his system. He felt good as he came, good enough to groan a little bit, and afterward there was a nice, warm burn low in his gut. But as soon as he started toweling off, his body was back in business.
"I know. Cas, hey," Dean tries to reach for his arm but only gets his fingers around a fold of trench coat. He tugs at it to get Cas's attention. "I get it. It's okay," he swallows, "I know it's different now, I do. I just . . ." he shakes his head. The words never come out, even when he wants them to. "Look, you can go if you want. All I get to do is sleep, apparently. No big party. You won't be missing out."
“Still alive, then. Anything new?”
By the sound of the unholy litany dropping from Dean’s mouth, he does.
, Dean.") But after Dean makes him ditch the trench coat and shows him how to keep from losing a finger, Cas picks it up quick. He slices his way through a zucchini in no time, so Dean ends up showing him the whole shebang. He narrates as he takes Cas step by step through the rest, because when Dean wasn't watching soaps or porn during downtime, he was honing his culinary knowledge with cooking shows. (And half the time those food shows are like porn anyway, all intimate close-ups and juicy bright colors to spike your pulse and make you drool. Real life and porn are more easily confused than you'd think—shove it, Sam.) He has Cas slice up some peppers, then dice up the garlic and shake in the parsley, basil, and oregano while Dean puts bread slices spread with garlic butter and sprinkled with cheese in the oven and then stirs in tomato paste to thicken the sauce.
"Like that, Cas," he encourages, "Just like that." He remembers Cas's dick is still in his own hand and does something about it, taking a few sweaty pulls and kissing Cas on the mouth before creeping his fingers lower to play with his sac.
“Me who,” Dean spits back, but his expression morphs from blank disinterested into a sneer as he recognizes his brother. “No. Fuck you.” The junk in the air lurches into motion and Sam and Castiel stumble back a few steps, Sam shrinking into his shoulders and Castiel ducking under a raised elbow. “The hell you think you’re doing, Cas?” Dean asks, descending the stairs and pressing forward.
It doesn't sound like a question, but there's a little too much disbelief in Cas's voice than Dean thinks is fair.  "Yeah, okay, you caught me," he deadpans, digging out the mushrooms from the piles of plastic produce bags on the counter. Cas just looks on with undisguised surprise and interest as Dean breaks open the plastic wrap and counts out mushrooms. "You here on business, or did you just drop in to gawk?" Dean prods. Even after years, it's still unnerving being the receiving end of that stare.
Dean's touch is tender, thorough, but still Castiel aches for more of it. For touches that linger, for Dean's hands to still, to stay. He didn't know this is a thing it is possible to desire. He's never experienced desire for anything other than
Dean can't help it. He waited too long before and it's been so long since. He can't wait anymore.
That smarts. "For a place to sleep, Cas."
Sam beats them both to it, though. “No offense, but I’ve been a prosecutor for almost two decades. I know when someone’s not giving me the whole story. What’s up? What brings you guys all the way to Lebanon?”
He’s not surprised when Dean follows. He is surprised by the clomp of Dean’s boots on the wooden steps behind him. It’s a lot of noise for a man that’s usually half transparent, especially since he’s still talking. “But she says it’s bad news if I stay, or some shit. Everyone gets just one chance to cross and this one’s mine.”
There's nothing left in him, nothing left
“He told me that he said no to her. It’s how he remained on as a ghost.”
Cas licks his way into another kiss even as his fingers curl around Dean's cock.
"But it's biblical, right?" Sam pushes. "Or, it could be?"
Now, sitting cross-legged on the bathroom floor, Castiel balances the library’s copy of
Cas skates a knuckle down Dean's obvious denim-covered erection and—
“No, nothing specific. I had a realtor handle the sale because I moved to California for school. Friends from Lawrence used to let me know when the house was on the market. Seemed like nobody really took to the place, which was a shame. People don’t always appreciate older houses these days, though.”
The house is uncharacteristically quiet during the week Castiel considers giving up. It aches in the spring winds as old houses do but doesn’t play tricks with the electricity or open doors on its own. Castiel notices without really being aware.
"Dean, I can't." Castiel's breaths are sloppy. His lungs feel heavy, shredded. As tattered as his grace.
It’s juvenile, this flutter of new-friendship excitement in Castiel’s chest, but not unwelcome.
He shoves that thought aside fast. He can't feel bad about that. No way he was leaving Cas in that place. He wouldn't just give up on Cas. He'd done that once before and it nearly killed him. It
“Dean!” Castiel doesn’t know what else to do. If this is the plan working, this is also goodbye. “Dean!” It can’t be goodbye. Not like this.
Dean pouts. "That was different. And they weren't fake names. They just weren't
"There's nothing 'regular' about this, though, is there? I mean, if there was, Cas could just angel him better and . . ." Sam's voice fades as Dean gets that sinky sleepy feeling. The pain's eased up enough that in seconds he's slipped too deep even to be curious about the rustling noise behind him.
He's asleep when Dean returns.
He’s also screaming. Screaming and writhing where he stands from the pain of some inner battle.
Dean huffs a shaky laugh but does as directed. Cas feels him plant his palms on the mattress and push up, his back meeting Cas’s chest, warm. Dean rocks back into the cradle of Castiel’s hips, taunting Cas’s erection with the cleave of his ass. Castiel chuckles and leans down to kiss along Dean’s jaw line, reaches around to jack him slowly a few times as a reward. The firm flesh of Dean’s cock in his hand makes Castiel’s mouth water, but he puts off the thought in favor of the plan he already has in place.
He finishes painting the dining room and huffs and puffs the china hutch back where Dean had wanted it, as requested. The army man returns not to the drawer but to a shelf where he can sight out the glass into the room. And this time Castiel doesn’t think he’s imagining it when sometimes the little figure is pointed in a new direction, like toward the kitchen when just yesterday he was facing the front window. Now it’s confirmation he’s not crazy and Dean really is around somewhere.
"Okay, we're going," Dean says, "But we're taking this." He swipes the whipped cream can.
"—but now you're home," he interrupts, sliding into Cas's space, one hand at his waist, the other on his neck, and hauls Cas into a full kiss. He doesn't hesitate, because he knows. He knows this is the thing Cas wants too but would never ask for, would never think he deserves—Dean's familiar with the feeling.
"Do you ever think about this?" Cas asks, face still half buried in the pillow. "About us?" His breath hitches as Dean's thumb skates over the plum head of his erection.
and to make some damn sense out of this conversation. "Cas, what the—"
the first time, but he thinks he gets it now. The rest of his life used to vary between any second now and a couple years at best—say, 2014. But that isn't true anymore. Dean has decades now. Decades to do whatever he wants.
"You better."
“Heck no,” Meg scoffs. She tips a nod as Castiel. “He’s the one with the tragic romance. I’m just here for moral support.”
"Tell me about it," Dean rasps. Cas hooks his chin over Dean's head, runs a hand through his hair in comfort. It only makes the want inside Dean burn brighter, but at least that blocks out the stabbing agony for a second.  "Okay," he breathes. "Okay, so, I have to come a hundred times is what you're saying. I did three this morning but I . . . " Thinking is hard. Words are hard.
"Think it'll work?" Dean asks as Bobby reads over the words.
as an infinite whole—Dean's success, Dean's protection, Dean's acceptance, Dean's forgiveness. This desire for touch is so strangely specific by comparison.
. Or something sexy, anyway.”
It’s happening. Angelus is plummeting far and fast and taking the industry with it.
He touches as Dean decides, finger fitted in place, petting gently, painting the idea of what he wants with just a fingertip. When Dean relaxes under his touch Castiel’s finger dips into his body heat. “M’kay,” Dean mumbles, and Castiel smiles, giving the top of Dean’s ear a peck before he pulls back.
Everyone in the world, or at least this intersection, is really damn lucky Dean's foot is already on the brake. "I'm sorry, what?" he leans into the question, ear cocked to hear every syllable Sam's about to utter. "Cas said what?"
"It's early," Dean shrugs, wrapping his fingers all the way around Cas's length now. "You can go back to sleep if you want."
Cas strides forward and Dean leans back as the angel crowds too close. The last thing he's expecting is for Cas to press the back of his hand to his forehead.
Dean almost panics when he feels Cas move, but he tries to trust, he does. He's rewarded with searing wet heat surrounding his cock.
The TV flashes to commercial and Dean launches off the couch. "Pie break," he announces. "Who's in?" Ben shoots a hand in the air. Lisa rolls her eyes with a smile and declines. "Two slices à la mode, comin' right up," Dean claps his hands together.
The kitchen is warm despite the January morning, and the sunlight glows on the cabinets, highlights the clutter on the counter. Dean gets a shiver in spite of the warmth. "Man, I have wicked déjà vu right now." Cas's eyebrows knit, so Dean explains, "Means I feel like I've done this before. Maybe I dreamt it." Then he smirks. "I used to dream about you, you know."
"And?"
— — — — —
"I'm not?"
“Alright, fine. But call me if shit gets weird again. And next time you’re downtown I have some stuff for you. I found a picture of Mary Campbell—her folks built the house. Seems she showed a prize pony at the Douglas County Fair. I don’t know about the pony, but she’s pretty. And I think I read once that she died young. Are you sure your ghost isn’t a girl?”
Dean pulls the chair out and sits down across from Cas. That was, a lot. If Dean really had to think about it, Cas was right. They’ve been through it all, together. No matter what either of them does, they always come back. Because, well because Cas is home. Dean guesses that it’s the same for Cas about himself. Maybe that’s a start. “You’re home Cas.”
When Dean sits down, something seems off, “God dammit my fucking knife.” He’ll just have to come back another time to get it back. Hmm, what an inconvenience that would be. Or not.
“Mmm pie.” Dean grabs a fork and digs in. Who needs a knife when you know you’ll eat the whole thing anyway. It’s quiet in the bunker. He assumes everyone else is asleep or hanging out in silence in Cas case, since it’s already past midnight. He’s halfway through the pie when Cas walks in the kitchen. “Thought I heard someone in here.” Dean lifts up the pie and smiles. Then goes back to eating.
“I know it’s you. I meant what I said Dean. You do everything for love. While sometimes you are frustrating, put others needs above your own when you shouldn’t, and avoid all conversations related to your emotions, you are still you. Still beautiful and unabashedly you.” Cas keeps eye contact with Dean the whole time to make sure he knows that he’s not letting this go. He loves Dean, so much sometimes he doesn’t know where to channel it. Right now? Right now he needs to channel it straight to Dean Winchester. Because apparently it didn’t work the last time.
“How long is this gonna take?” Dean asks. He’s got to get the fuck out of here. “It should only take a few minutes sir.” The agent pats his shoulders down. “So, where are you headed?” Small talk, really? “My dumbass brother insisted we go on vacation. I agreed only if we went to Miami.” Agent Novak grabs under Dean’s arms and lifts him up out of the chair. Damn this dude is strong. Dean shakes his head.
“I’d like to live past 60. Maybe you should think about doing the same thing.” Dean uses his free hand to give Sam the finger. He sets his coffee down and takes out his phone to start looking for cases. “So, what’s up with you and Cas?” Dean clears his throat, “Nothing is up with Cas and I.”
He knows he can’t back out now. They're already checked in and going through the security line. Dean suddenly remembers he’s still packing a knife, out of habit. He can’t just take it out and put it in his bag. He’s going to freak out everyone around him. “Sam,” Dean elbows him the side. “What?” Sam snaps back at him. Dean tries to stay quiet, “I still have my knife tucked into my boot.” Sam rolls his eyes, because of course Dean wouldn’t leave home without packing. “We’re supposed to be on vacation Dean. You couldn’t leave it for a few days?”
Dean’s brain short circuits for a second. “Uh, booze and chicks. What else?” The agent chuckles. “Sounds like fun.” He walks around Dean and looks him in the eyes. Dean is so fucking…he just doesn’t like this ok. “You can put your arms down.” Dean flops his arms back to his side, not even realizing he was getting kind of sore.
“It’s natural.” Dean hears the agent say. “Uh what, what is?” Dean opens his eyes again and looks down. Oh…OH. “Um…” Dean huffs and tries to will down what is apparently a very prominent hard on. How long had THAT been happening? Not going to think about. Trying so hard, wait not hard. Fuck. It’s just the stupid mood lighting, the music, ugh the music, and the freaking whisky in his system. Anyone could touch him right now and he’d be turned on. Whatever. It’s nothing.
Dean opens his eyes and it’s still a little blurry. He adjusts to the darkness in his room and reads the clock, 2:34am. Shit, he’d been asleep for 10 hours already. He tried to shut his eyes again but there was no way he was going back to sleep. He used to get this many hours of sleep over 3 or 4 days. He pushes himself off the bed, opens the door, and trudges to the bathroom. It’s locked. Ughhh, he starts to walk down the hall to the other bathroom when he hears the door open behind him. “It’s free now.” Cas says as he exits with a just a pair of sweatpants on.
“Cas, I thought we got over this whole watching me while I sleep thing years ago.” Cas is about to leave when Dean chuckles. He opens his eyes and looks over to Cas, “Do you think some people are just meant to be alone forever?” Well that was a deep question coming from Dean Winchester. “I think sometimes it’s hard to accept that being with someone means being vulnerable, and it may feel easier to keep people at a distance.” Dean looks up at the ceiling so he can focus on something besides Cas, “Yeah, maybe.”
Cas pushes at Dean’s entrance just testing the waters. But Dean is having none of it. Go big or go home he always says. He uses his free leg to wrap around Cas and push him forward into himself. “Oh my god.” Cas bottoms out and they stay like that for a few minutes. “You ok if I move?” Cas asks. “Yeah, yeah you can move. Just slow at first ok?” Dean lets out a deep breathe.
He hears a chair being drug across the floor and Cas appears beside him. “What exactly do you think you’re doing?” Cas looks up at him, “My job. You asked me to come here to help.” Dean sits back in the chair and rubs in between his eyes and lets out a sigh. “Yeah, to help find the cupid. Which you said was nearby right? So maybe you should go look for him.” Cas doesn’t move. Just sits there and turns towards the computer.
“Sorry, Dean. The Cupid, he’s nearby. I can feel his presence.” Dean shakes his head and walks past Cas. Sam shrugs his shoulders at Cas and turns around to follow Dean. It’s been, off, with Dean and Cas. Sam has noticed some tension and he’s not sure why. They got Cas back from the Empty and Dean has barely said two words about it sense. But they’re not here to deal with those two, they’re here to deal with several very horny residents of Ely, MN and a rogue cupid.
The music stops. It’s quiet in the room now. Agent Novak's fingers are still just under the waistband. They both stand completely still, staring at each other. You could hear a grain of salt fall on the floor right now. The agent starts to pull his fingers out when Dean grabs the agents wrist and pushes his hand down the front of his briefs. A sound pours out of Dean that he didn’t even know he could make. Somewhere between a groan and a high pitched whine.
Agent Novak steps forward and is almost face to face with Dean. Dean does that awkward huff and smile thing. The agent stares Dean right in the eyes as he unbuckles Dean’s belt. Dean shuts his eyes again and keeps thinking, it’s almost over, it’s almost over, it’s almost over. Agent Novak slips the gloved fingers into his waistband going around one side and the other, so slow Dean honestly thinks he’s going to explode.
Cas moves back slowly and then rocks forward a bit. He does that a few more times moving his hips to get different angles until, finally he hits Dean’s prostate. “Bingo.” Cas starts to move a little faster and Dean is fucking moaning. “Cas fuck, faster. Go faster.” Then Cas just lets go and starts fucking Dean, hard. He lifts Dean’s hips up so he can get a better angle and push in harder.
“What?” Dean says groggily.
“What’s wrong?” Cas looks at Dean and says. “Just not used to a hand on my dick without ya know…” Cas gets the hint. He uses his other hand to grab something out of his pocket. It’s a small bottle of lube. Dean wonders who the hell just has that in their pocket, especially at work. But right now it really doesn’t matter. Cas puts the bottle down on the couch. He pulls his hand out and pushes off the couch. Dean almost grabs for him out of instinct. Cas reaches forward and pulls down Dean’s pants and briefs in one fell swoop. Dean notes that the temperature in the room is actually kind of warm. Is that the thermostat or them?
Cas walks back into the bunker with a few bags of groceries in hand. He sets them on the counter and starts to sort through them to put everything away. Dean walks into the kitchen and sneaks at peek at what brand of beer Cas picked up. “This is some expensive shit Cas. You could have just picked up some basic 12 pack for 4.99.” Cas starts putting the vegetables away in the fridge and puts the eggs on the middle shelf. “You got organic eggs? Why?” Without hesitation, Cas shuts the fridge door, looks at Dean and says, “Because I love you and you deserve good things.” Dean grunts, grabs a beer, and walks off towards his bedroom. Cas goes back to the groceries.
Before Dean can even register it, Cas is in his face yelling about ‘something something pie.’ “Can you stop yelling? I can’t hear what you’re saying after I just ate an entire pie.” Cas backs away and Dean sits up in the bed. “I do nice things for you Dean. I think about you. You’ve been off lately and I thought, I’ll get him his favorite pie from that diner downtown. And all you say is ‘thanks’.” Cas says it in a mocking tone. “I don’t ask you too.” Dean replies.
Dean pulled out a few things from the fridge and grabbed two slices of bread. He put the bread onto a plate and started slathering some mayo on the top piece. He added a slice of tomato and some lettuce because Sam keeps telling him that since Dean’s got some actual free will, he might not be able to keep that perfect body if he doesn’t eat a green vegetable every once in a while. He’s not giving up his bacon though, fuck that. He puts on a heap of bacon on the sandwich, nods his head at the sandwich like, yeah, I make my own decisions now bitch. He heads to sit down at the table that Cas is still relaxing at.
Dean relaxes his hands on the chair, closes his eyes, and tries to center himself. How could Cas fall for him? Dean, the most fucked up person on earth. While he knows maybe he’s not the monster he made himself out to be, he’s still closed off. Still can’t put his feelings on the table most of the time. Maybe it’s because he’s not sure what those feelings are. When Cas was taken by the Empty it broke something inside of him, but what he’s still not sure of. He pushed it down with whisky and distractions. Hunting, research, applying for jobs, watching all the shows he’s missed. Anything that would keep him from exploring that feeling again. When Cas came back, he thought it best to get things back to normal. Pre confession.
“Sir,” Agent Novak starts in. “Dean, my name is Dean. Stop calling me sir.” Agent Novak nods. “Dean, I’m going to pat down your legs starting with your thighs.” Dean takes a deep breathe. “Yeah ok whatever.” Fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck. This guy may be laying on the moves but Dean doesn’t think he’ll let a fucking knife slide. He suddenly feels a pressure on his thighs, which…that’s something new. He’s scrunching his eyes shut hard and just hoping he doesn’t go to fucking jail.
Dean looks at Sam and just shrugs. He looks over at the TSA agent by the conveyer belt. It’s a young blonde woman. Dean just smiles. “Don’t even think about it,” Sam says. Dean smirks and messes with his hair a little and pops a button on his flannel. They get to the front and show their passports and tickets to the agent at the desk, “Thank you. Enjoy your trip.” Dean takes his ticket and passport back and gives her a salute with them in his hand. She rolls her eyes at him.
The boys have been on a hunt for the past few days. When you see in the newspaper that eight people in one town got arrested for having sex in very public places, you check it out. They’re pretty sure it’s a cupid who got a little over zealous with the match making. They called Cas this morning to get his ass out here to help them deal with it. It’s a nine hour drive so he should be here - “Hello, Dean.” Dean jumps, “Dude! You know how much I hate it when you get all secret stalker on me.”
The next morning Sam goes out for a run, leaving Dean and Cas alone. Dean isn’t actively avoiding Cas but he’s not trying to run into him either. But that’s kind of hard to do when you use the same showers, kitchen, common area, and laundry room. That’s where Dean finds Cas this morning when he brings in a load of laundry. Cas is wearing grey sweatpants and an old t-shirt of Deans with a Led Zeppelin logo on it. His laundry day clothes Dean assumes. He throws his clothes into the washing machine, adds some laundry soap, and turns the dial too cotton. He pulls the knob to start the machine and walks out to go take a shower.
“Dean! Hey, I thought they’d put you in airport prison or something. You were gone for like 30 minutes.” Dean shrugs and they start to walk to the gate together. Sam looks over at Dean inquisitively. “What?” Dean asks. “You ok man? You’re walking a little, funny. Did they do a cavity search or something?” Sam says it jokingly but Dean’s whole face is turning red. “Shut the fuck up.” Dean says and speeds up walking to the gate. Sam does just that and notices the big hickey on Dean’s neck. Well then…
“I love you.” Cas says without really thinking about it. He’s always loved the way Dean eats like that’s his last meal on earth. And the way Dean always props his legs up on the table when he’s feeling relaxed. He loves everything about this stubborn but kind man. Dean is still looking at his phone but he’s stopped scrolling through the news feed. They haven’t talked about the “confession” since Cas got back. Not that Dean really wants too. He puts his phone down and takes his legs off the table. “I’m just gonna, eat this in my room.” Dean picks up the plate and puts his phone in his pocket. He heads down the hall.
“Why?” Dean says in a slightly mocking tone. He’s gripping the chair in front of him tight making his knuckles go red. “Yes, Dean. Why? Why can’t I say I love you? It’s the tru-“ Dean grips the chair even tighter and looks down when he interrupts Cas, “Because, Cas. Come on, it’s me.” Dean looks up at Cas’ to see some kind of acknowledgement.
“Fuck it.” Deans surges forward, grabs the agent by the back of his head and kisses him. And damn if this is not the best fucking kiss Dean has EVER experienced. It’s rough and sloppy and he can feel agent Novak's scruff against his face, which is kind of hot. That’s uh, you know what, fuck it, it is hot. He backs the guy up against door and slots his legs in between his, grinding against the agents thigh.
Dean has been gone for a few days dealing with some stupid ass vampire nest. He just wanted to throw himself onto his bed and pass out for like, a week. He gets into his room, kicks his shoes off, and falls onto his bed. “I think I love you,” Dean says into the mattress. Cas walks by right at that moment, pushes the door open, and starts so speak. “Don’t even think about it.” Dean mumbles into the mattress. Cas rolls his eyes and shuts the door so Dean can get some sleep.
Sam puts his laptop in the bin and starts to untie his shoes. He realizes Dean isn’t behind him doing the same. Sam looks up and sees Dean is, yeah, Dean is flirting with the agent. She smiles at him and leads him to a roped off area. She undoes the hook and waves Dean through. He looks back at Sam and winks. What a jerk.
It’s not exactly a huge bed. It’s a full size which leaves very little room for them to spread out. Cas is trying to be respectful and stay on his side but his leg is cramping and he really needs to move it. “Cas, buddy, chill.” Cas finally stretches his legs out a little and puts his arms above his head. “If you try to put that arm behind me I’ll cut it off with one of the many weapons in this room.” Cas smiles and puts his arms down and laces his fingers between each other on his chest. “You couldn’t beat me in a fight Dean.” Cas says like it’s an absolute fact. “I think I have once or twice, so shut your pie hole.” Cas raises his hands in submission and lays back down at his side. This is nice, Dean thinks. Joking with Cas and hanging out like the old days.
Agent Novak leans forward to kiss Dean. It’s more precise this time and when the guy bites his bottom lip Dean moans. As much as he’s enjoying this, he needed the agents hands on his dick like yesterday. “Dude can you uh,” Dean looks down at his crotch. “Oh yeah. And it’s Cas. My name is Cas.” Cas dips his hand back into Deans briefs and grabs Dean’s dick in his hand. He’s slowly pumping up and down but it’s dry and kind of uncomfortable.
Dean thinks this is going to be a cake walk. She’ll do a loose pat down, not even feeling the knife and he’ll be on his way. “Male assist!” She yells out. “What-“ Dean sees an older man in his late 30’s, maybe older 40’s walk over. “Sir, can you please lift your arms?” The agent says to Dean. He lifts his arms and the agent starts to pat around. Fuck, he’s so fucked right now. The agent stands behind him and skirts his hands around Deans waist to his belt buckle.
He pats down his legs so slow Dean thinks time has stopped. Agent Novak is so close to the knife and Dean just starts praying to god, well maybe not god, but some fucking higher power that he’ll get out of this unscathed. Then the dude just stops. Dean finally takes a look down and, yeah this is a scene he never pictured in his head. Then the agent looks up and starts slowly, tortuously, gliding his hands back up Deans leg.
Dean is feeling a little sore, but no worse for wear. He’s been tortured in hell, this is nothing. He walks over to Cas going in for one last kiss when Cas flips the fluorescent lights on again and yells, “All clear!” Cas turns to open the door and gestures to Dean to walk out. He walks back to his station and goes about his day like nothing happened. Dean shakes his head and starts to walk towards his gate.
“I heard Cas yelling last night and it sounded like it was coming from your room.” Dean sets his phone down and looks up at Sammy. “That, yeah. He was getting on me about him buying me pie and doing nice shit for me. Said I needed to do nice shit back. Whatever. It’s Cas being Cas.” Sam hmms at Dean, cocks his head to the side for a second and lets out a soft chuckle. Dean looks affronted. What the hell was that for?
Cas takes the gloves off and starts to pull his pants and boxers down as well. Dean looks at him half undressed. His mind is saying, “NO THIS CAN’T HAPPEN” but his body is saying “Fucking get on that right now.” And when has Dean ever listened to his brain over his dick?
The next morning Sam is making breakfast. Dean walks in and steals some eggs from Sam’s plate. “Yeah Dean you can have some of my eggs. Thanks for asking.” Dean smiles cheekily and sits down at the table. “Did you make coffee?” Sam sighs and pours fresh coffee into Deans favorite mug. He puts the small bowl of oatmeal with blueberries onto the plate and sits at the table with Dean. “How do you eat that crap?” Dean makes a face to say gross and picks up his black coffee.
When Dean sets the plate down it startles Cas out of his daze. He watches as Dean takes a huge bite out of the sandwich, mayo on the side of his lips. He smiles and hands dean a paper towel. Where did that come from? Whatever, it doesn’t matter. Dean wipes his face and keeps on eating. He’s checking his phone but he feels like someone is staring at him. Dean looks up at Cas, “What? Do I have more mayo on my face?” Cas shakes his head, “No Dean, no mayo.” Dean shrugs and goes back to look at his phone.
“So all of these couples, they just starting going at it? One says it was at the local library. Another at…a bank?” The sheriff takes a sip of his coffee and answers Dean, “Yup. Just went to town on each other. And some of those moves was unnatural. You know?” Dean huffs a laugh and nods at the sheriff. Then he looks at Sam with a ‘what the hell?’ face. Because seriously, what the hell? “Well we’ll need to take a look at the footage. See if you missed anything.” The sheriff agrees and gives them a flash drive with the surveillance footage. “Good luck boys.”
“You’re thinking too hard about this. It’s not that complicated Dean. Look how much we’ve been through the past 12 years. Both of us going to the dark side. Coming back and finding each other again. Fighting, apologizing. Spending nights together here just being. We’ve been to hell and back Dean, literally. I wouldn’t have it any other way. Because I’m certain that this?” Cas points to Dean and then himself. “This makes sense. This is real.” Cas takes a deep breathe and goes to sit at the table across from Dean.
really tired. Cas opens his eyes and looks over at Dean who’s tapping his thumbs to the beat nodding his head along as well. Cas sits there for a few minutes watching Dean in his “zone” as he likes to call it. Another thing Cas finds endearing about him. “I love you.” Dean just keeps nodding to the music and watching the road.
They’ve been driving for a few hours now and are getting close to the Iowa border. Dean had put in a mixtape of several songs that Cas recognized from over the years. Sam was asleep in the backseat. Maybe he
Cas is still fucking him and Dean decides to speed things along a bit. “Fuck yes, I bet you could get me hard again just fucking me like this. Make me cum again. Come on Cas, fuck me like you mean it.” Cas gets two more pumps in before he’s bottoming out and cumming so hard that Dean thinks he might break the condom.
Someone opens the door and walks in. They shut it and flick on some dimmer lights on the wall. Agent Novak goes to the table at the edge of the room and pops open a…mini bar? Ok. That’s different. “What’s your poison?” Dean sits staring confused for a moment before he says, “Whisky, straight.” Agent Novak lets out a small laugh, barely audible, but Dean heard it. “I figured.” Agent Novak grabs a glass out of the bar and pours a finger of whisky into it. He turns and walks toward Dean and hands him the drink.
How did they end up here? Dean doesn’t remember agreeing but here he is sitting right next to Cas watching what is basically homemade porn. “This isn’t helping.” Cas leans back in the chair in resignation. They’ve been watching this for an hour and there’s no clues, no suspicious figures, just creeps. “Well, we tried.” Dean shuts the laptop and walks over to the bed and lays down on his back and puts his hands behind his head. Cas just turns the chair around to look at Dean.
Dean feels so stupid doing this. Why did he let Sam get into his head? This was totally pointless. Cas won’t even like it. Dean walks into the bunker and sets the bag on the table by the lamp. Like perfect timing Cas walks into the room. “What’s that?” Cas eyes going to the Banana Republic bag on the table. Very out of character for Dean. “Here,” Dean shoves the bag at Cas. He pulls out a brand new trench coat almost identical to the one he has on. “I thought maybe you’d want a spare around just in case. Not that you’ve ever really lost this one.” Cas pulls Dean into a hug and puts his full body weight into it. Dean gives in for a few seconds then pulls away.
"Coffee maker," he mutters to himself as he pads barefoot into the kitchen. "I need to own a coffee maker." But the sight that greets him has Dean as sharp and alert as any diner dark roast.
Dean's mouth touches his and Castiel seizes. His heart, his lungs, his hands where they grip the edge of the counter, they tighten without his consent. But Dean steps in impossibly closer, tilting Castiel's face up, pressing their mouths together more securely, and something in Castiel bursts loose. He sinks into Dean, everything inside him slackening, unraveling. His anxiety and pain and regret unspool, slithering to Dean's feet, only rise and wrap around him as appreciation, wonder, attraction.
Cas kisses the corner of Dean's jaw, nips at his lips, fingers still roaming. "Ninety-six. That was ninety-five."
, always Cas. So he has to say the important stuff. The stuff Cas should know before it's over. Before Dean locks it away again.
“Dude. You? You did not.”
"Are you sure you do? Because he wasn't just screwing with you for the hell of it, you get that, right?" There's a panicky concern in Sam's voice, but Dean's already way beyond where Sam's at in this conversation. "There's more to it than that, Dean. He—"
and pleasure and
"So shave it off," Dean shrugs. When silence follows his suggestion he gives himself a mental kick for forgetting who he's talking to. Cas has never had to shave a day in his million-year life. He sits back on his haunches, trying very hard not to be aware of the fact that Cas is still only wearing a towel, and asks, "Do you want to shave it off?"
He wasn't sure what it would be like when Cas came back, if he'd feel pissed and surly or confused and bitter—because he'd felt all those things, for a while. But he's not any of them now. He's just glad. From the inside out, just really, totally glad. And he wants to touch Cas so much he twitches with it.
"It's alright," Cas says, and he's already on his feet, but hanging back, uncertain. "Tell me what you need."
Sam looks down and away before he answers. “Did he tell you about the reaper?”
just enough and oh, fuck.
Sam draws Dean’s attention. “He came to ask me about you, Dean. He’s worried. We’re both worried.”
“Ready?” Meg asks, as she had not even twelve hours earlier outside Sam’s house.
Castiel still has one hand on the front door knob and the mail held between his teeth.
“Yeah, everybody thinks it’s all Dickens. But a freaking lot of people have died since like eighteen-whatever. We can’t all be two hundred years old.” The ghost shrugs (shrugs!). “So you gonna put that away, or what?”  He nods at the ouija board. “Because leaving a line open is almost as dumb as calling everybody in to dinner time.”
Castiel gives the ingredients a dubious glare. “Is this a trick?” It sounds a bit like something Gabriel would have baited him into trying.
"Jesus Christ," Dean splutters, doubling over and dropping onto one of the beds, elbows on knees and head in his hands. A visit from their friendly neighborhood angel is really not what he needs right now. What he needs is a tranquilizer dart. Or to come his brains out. Whatever. Just to make this stop.
That wild gaze swings Dean's way and fixates on his face as though he's re-seeing whatever shook him up so bad. "Yes. They were."
It's what Dean wanted—a nice, long, lazy fuck. But he also wants to see it when Cas comes, wants to watch it spill out and slide up his chest, make that his souvenir memory. He leaves off and pulls Cas back against him, wrapping his damp, slick hand around Cas's cock with an upward stroke. Cas gasps and clenches his fingers at Dean's hip, but doesn't stop him. Just as he has all morning, he gives himself over and lets Dean work him up. It's been too long since Dean did this, but not so long he's forgotten how.
Dean’s eyebrows go up. “They fired you? For what?”
It’s sunnier here than out back as midday slips to late afternoon. They’re only part way through their first coat of the house and this is their third paint fight. At this rate they’re going to have to buy more paint to even make it to a second coat, and they’re at risk of not getting the job done before their road trip to the West Coast in June. Dean wants to see the redwoods and drive through that one tree. Castiel wants to go wine tasting in Napa. They promised Sam they’d be back for fireworks in the backyard on the Fourth.
Castiel can’t help but reach out to stroke Dean’s temple, even if there’s nothing to connect with. He’s beautiful like this. “Soooo, no kissing?”
are wrapped up in the puzzle of his family.
Unexpectedly, Dean offers the cloth to him. "You gotta do those on your own, man," he says, gesturing to Castiel's genitals without looking down himself. Castiel accepts the cloth and does what he thinks is appropriate as Dean fusses with bottles in the rack above their heads.
"What? What do you mean 'get me to move out'? What are you talking about? What's 'just about everything'?"
The library is adjacent to Lawrence’s historic downtown shopping district, and Castiel decides to take advantage of the clear weather to explore. He grabs a visitor’s brochure from the library lobby and sets out on foot, quickly grasping the grid pattern of numbered streets running east-west and streets named for states running north-south.
Dean clenches his jaw.
Working on the house may have actually been easier in the weeks before Dean appeared. It certainly was before Dean started providing narration.
The hope is that the contents burn before the trunk. The goal is to get back up here before the whole thing burns a hole in the floor.
"Anything, Dean." Cas says, solemn.
The thing is, he’d purposefully filled the pan and set it out of his way, at the edge of the wall, to prevent exactly this kind of mistake. He’s not a home makeover genius, but he does possess basic common sense. The paint pan ending up behind him, three feet from where it started, with the plastic bunched up beneath it as though it had been pushed or dragged? That doesn’t make sense.
“Lunch time,” he informs the army man, currently standing sentry atop the china hutch, rifle dutifully aimed. Castiel stretches a couple pieces of plastic wrap over his roller and paint pan. “Watch this stuff for me, will you? Make sure it doesn’t wander off anywhere.”
The plan for now is to travel as much as possible and return home every time to this house. Thanks to a creative sourcing assist from Gabriel—who was so pleased to hear Castiel is out from under Michael’s thumb, he threatened to come visit—Dean has a fake driver’s license good enough to get him behind the wheel and land some contracting work while they’re not on the road.
He forces himself forward into the dark. Maybe it is some kind of weird fuse problem. Maybe it was a glitch with the cable provider. There are always rational explanations, as he’s always telling Meg. He reaches for the armrest of the sofa in the dark, hand trembling as he feels for the remote. It’s where he left it.
"Well, okay, let's think about this. Where've we been, who've we talked to? We don't think there's any witchcraft going on in this case, and—"
"Tell me more about cooking, Dean," Cas says softly, almost tiredly.
"I'm on a diet. Nice of you to notice. Gotta keep my girlish figure," Dean deflects and shuffles toward the kitchen. He isn't hungry—hasn't been hungry in days, actually—but he isn't going to have this conversation, either. Any second now Sam will step in and catch Cas up on the crazy-ass sigil thing happening in Iowa. Instead, Sam steps in front of Dean, blocking his path.
"Hell if I know," Dean hears Bobby grouse. He's slouched against the wall at the top of the stairs. He can't sleep. There's a pain in his gut that won't let him. "It's not like the Dead Sea Scrolls are a damn medical journal."
The following Sunday there’s sunlight trickling through the window as Castiel lays in bed, just on the verge of awareness. A slight shift of shadow makes him blink awake, only to find green eyes and crows feet peering at him from the next pillow over.
“I was named for the angel.” He’d forgotten how much he hates having to explain that to strangers.
Castiel nods again. He’s at a loss for how to get closer to what he wants to know without resorting to Meg’s bluntness and he can sense her impatience.
Dean coughs. His mouth tastes funny. Like blood, maybe.
Dean collapses sideways and huffs into Cas's neck, dizzy with lust and laughter and distraction. It quickly turns into a stifled moan against slicing pain.
Castiel smiles lightly, thumbs digging in at Dean’s lower back, where he knows his own back now twinges after too long in the Impala. Dean groans, face buried in his pillow from the muffled sound of it.
Lisa kisses his cheek and makes him promise to come back and cook for them sometimes. Ben hugs him and makes him promise to come to his baseball games in the spring. Dean has no problem agreeing to either.
“Shoot,” Dean says, leaning back on his elbows and kicking his legs out.
A few hours later the house is jumble of boxes and furniture. It’s strange how it simultaneously seems like so much and yet so little. Castiel’s been living with so few possessions that the sea of cardboard before him feels like endless indulgence, though it’s striking that the contents of his entire New York life now fit in just one room of this house. Still, he’s far more excited to have his things than he expected to be. He unpacks his dishes so he can stop using paper plates, sorts his expanded wardrobe into his dresser, and even makes an appointment with the cable company to hook up his television and internet.
Cas chuckles and Dean feels the air move between them. "No, not that."
He comes till he's spent, his nerves sizzling and body spasming.
That’s when there’s a knock, of course. The sound ricochets up the stairs, startling him into almost dropping everything. Castiel sighs. The window installation service was scheduled for today—another thing he’d forgotten entirely. They can wait a minute, surely.
That makes Castiel quirk a smile. “Legal isn’t the same as true, or ethical.” Angelus had gotten away with plenty of legal financial maneuvers; it didn’t make them right.
Of course, that only means he's more desperate to make this conversation go away now.
before falling away. Dean’s hole pulls at him, opening soft and loose and flexing hungrily, and Castiel feeds it, tongue stiff. He fucks in and out with slow pulls, making sure Dean feels every slick second.
He leans up and pushes at Dean’s shoulder to make him lie flat. Dean gathers a pillow under his cheek as Castiel plants a knee and swings the other over the dip of Dean’s back. Balancing on Dean’s backside, he reaches through the dark to trace Dean’s shoulders. He runs cupped hands firmly up Dean’s arms and drags them back down, tracing each sleek muscle as he goes, complex precision and power. He kneads the muscles of Dean’s back, hoping to ease the tension from between his shoulder blades, all the skin he can't see smooth and warm under his hands.
For a guy who can knife mooks in the throat, Cas has surprisingly little skill with a cleaver and cutting board. ("That was an
He settles on an arrangement just before noon. Repositioning the couch in the center of the room divides the space in two nicely. Situating his desk toward the front of the house leaves the floor space open in front of the bay window, while the back half of the room, just beyond the window and the staircase, becomes the lounge area. The radio console anchors the couch, functioning as a sofa table along its back, while the television now sits along the wall where the radio had been. It feels homier this way, less like a railcar.
“I’m suggesting peanut butter and bacon.”
Because he's had plenty of practice, it only takes Dean a second to decode that from cryptic angelspeak. Translation: Why stay here?
The Castiel of right now wraps his hand around Dean’s warm, firm cock and listens to him cuss, “Love it when you touch me, Cas. Fuck, yeah, just like that,” then has his mouth seized in another searing kiss.
“You probably need a shrink,” he replies placidly. “We both do.”
Dean looks up, brow furrowed almost to a glare. "How can you even ask—" But Cas cuts him off again, this time with a shake of his head.
The last time Dean took a sharp blade to someone else's throat, he was chopping their head off. That was over twenty-hours ago and in a different world. The pure violence of Purgatory, the uncomplicated decision of kill or be killed doesn't exist anymore, not here. But there's something pure in this moment too, Dean thinks as he feels the scrape of the metal against Cas's skin.
It should not feel as good as it does when he comes. A gross, desperate jerk like that should not feel the same as a forty-five-minute workout.
“It has four bedrooms, one full bath upstairs and a half bath downstairs,” Ava continues, glancing at her notes. “The main floor here, as you can see, also consists of a large living room, a dining area, and a really spectacular farm kitchen around the corner there.” All the fixtures appear original—the glass door knobs with brass plates on the beveled doors and the wood moldings throughout are particularly lovely. “Considering it hasn’t been occupied for quite a while, it’s in remarkable condition. Really well cared for. Or, preserved, I mean.” She clears her throat again. “Anyway, the plumbing is serviceable. Electricity is, um, sporadic?”
Peeling himself back to full height, he examines the hutch for what caused that rattling sound. It wasn’t just the creaky swing of the drawer pulls, it sounded like something had rolled. The top drawer sticks and it takes some tugging, but when it finally gives way he’s proved right on this, at least. Bits and pieces of a past life tumble to the front—a very old box of staples, an empty fountain pen, a thimble, a tin of shoe polish, and an old Kodak lens canister. Castiel studies each of them, wondering at how long they’ve been in there, who they belonged to.
Somewhere along the line he wakes up in the middle of the night to find the chair across from his bed is empty. He squints through the dark to see if Cas is lurking in a corner before sitting up gingerly. "Ow, Jesus," he whispers, ghosting a hand over his bandage. It probably needs changing. Dean's cold—he's always cold; Sam says it's the weight loss—and he doesn't want to get out of bed, but he sucks it up. He gets to his feet and shuffles out the door and down the hall to the bathroom, peeking into Sam's room on the way. Sam's passed out with a book on his chest. Dean keeps going.
Dean hits it. He tenses hard, curses and comes, praising Cas as he spills all over his knuckles. Cas comes in the iron grip of Dean's orgasm and Dean doesn't dare let go until he's done, until he collapses, boneless and panting at Dean's neck.
“I’ve got an entire section on the paranormal that begs to differ,” Meg says, pointing with her pencil back toward the book stacks. Castiel just chuckles again and shakes his head.
“This chick, she’s got long dark hair, big eyes. She’s pretty, you know? But I don’t know her. And she’s in my house saying, ‘Come with me, it’s time to go,’ and I’m like, ‘Lady, I’m not going anywhere with you,’ because why would I? I’m home. Then she says, and I remember she was so calm, so nice about it, ‘Dean, you’re dead. You can’t stay here anymore because you need to pass on’ and— No, no, no, don’t let it slip! Aw, c’mon, you almost had it.”
"Sam—" Dean warns. The
But Castiel decidedly isn’t listening now. He finishes tacking in the nail and climbs off the ladder, leaving the molding strip with a loose end.
He does like it, actually, but that’s beside the point. “I’ve already agreed to purchase it.”
He ignores the coming dawn and closes his eyes. When he wakes up, they'll have to leave this place. Go back to the land of the living. Find Sam. Pick up wherever he left off. Dean doesn't know what.
Meg looks at Castiel with excited eyes, but Castiel feels more likely to start tearing up along with Sam.
—complex risk scenarios and pushy trading-desk jocks. His coworkers had several jokes about his stare and its unsettling effect. Ava fidgets under it too. She’s omitting something, but Castiel can’t find it in himself to be suspicious. He should be.
Dean continues to make Cas taste test the food. Not everything is greeted as orgasmic, but watching Cas close his eyes and savor makes Dean's insides feel tingly. Cas begins to show a preference for deep, musky flavors like cumin and sage and cinnamon, and for tangy foods, like salt and vinegar potato chips and sour cream. Cas doesn't sample food on his own, but accepts Dean's proffered spoonfuls of whatever's cooking, and sometimes, when their eyes accidentally meet, Dean swears he sees an unsettling hunger in Cas's gaze.
“Right.” Castiel nods as though that’s the most logical answer—though that might be the most logical thing he’s heard in the last five minutes.
They’ve divided up the research. Meg is redoubling her local history search efforts on the Campbells and Winchesters while Castiel dives into ghost lore. She’d selected the texts most likely to be useful but otherwise leaves him to it while she goes about her work.
"You've been in there for like an hour, dude. We have to go." Sam's voice moves away, muffled by the door, and Dean hopes he didn't hear the squeak of a moan that just escaped him.
Darkness arrives and Dean doesn't like the quiet. He listens too hard to it.
"Dean? You okay in there?" His voice is closer this time. Dean can picture him, ear to the door.
He launches out from behind he desk, knocking Bobby to the floor just as Zuul takes aim to fry him.
with it. (Except that he'd do it again, minus the blue balls part.)
Dean swallows. "I'm sorry I can't stop your war. I'm sorry it's 'cause of me that you're even at war. That you . . . I mean. I know you did it because of me, because of stuff I said, stuff about free will." He takes a breath. "And I'm sorry you're always here now, because it means you're probably losing . . . It wasn't supposed to be this way. I didn't mean to . . .  If the world ends 'cause you were here and not—"
Dean’s eyebrows raise.
“Of a haunting,” he whispers angrily as he peeks into the kitchen, relieved to see everything’s just as it should be in there.
Hearing Dean call it that makes Castiel uncomfortable. Maybe it’s the lilt of judgement in Dean’s voice, or the sting of memory. Either way, it’s odd he never quite thought in those terms while he worked for his father’s firm, under the directorship of his brother. “Yes.”
Cas kisses him then. Not his shoulder or his throat but his mouth. Dean's coming in Cas's hand for the twentieth time, groaning through it, and Cas is right there, bearing it with him. And then he just covers Dean's mouth with his, tilts his head and seals his open mouth over Dean's. Not to stop him, but as though he wants to pull the sound from Dean's lips into his lungs, wants Dean's sound inside him. And, fuck, that thought's enough to send Dean off again, spiraling back into arousal so soon after release.
"Drink up," is all Sam says, taking a seat at Bobby’s desk.
Maybe, Dean thinks, they're making up for lost time. Making up for the hundred times they should've done it. A hundred times in four or five years? They could've done that. Easy.
Cas tries to thrust forward, but Dean winds a leg around his knee, stopping him, focusing all his remaining concentration on staying on his own feet and keeping Cas from slipping. He glances down and wishes he could see his hands, see him working Cas beneath the apron. Cas throws head back, and catches Dean's ear with his mouth. Dean groans, his pelvis involuntarily nudging forward.
"How are you feeling?"
That’s when he hears the TV.
“I tried to tell him, so many times,” Dean continues, “But Sammy he just . . . Well, he left anyway.”
Yeah, Dean's done listening. "Save it, Sam."
Castiel concedes and steps out of the car. It’s cooler here than in Lawrence, and he’s glad for his trench coat. In this moment, it feels like armor, a buffer between himself and whatever he’s about to discover.
Dean comes in the sheets, in the grooves of Cas's hips. He comes with their cocks in his fist, in Cas's fist. He comes without being touched. He comes against the small dip of Cas's lower back. He comes when Cas tells him to, voice raspy and reassuring. He comes in the shower, barely still standing. He comes with Cas inside him. He comes inside Cas, once. He comes hard, sometimes slowly, sometimes a quick hot surprise. He doesn't count how many times he comes. He comes with Cas's name and cuss words falling from his mouth, with his lip between his teeth, with his face buried in Cas's neck. He comes on his knees. He comes between Cas's thighs.
The kiss Cas pulls him in for, fingers knuckled into the nape of his neck, yanking him close to seal their mouths—it's all the answer Dean needs.
kitchen, and that's just weird. It's certainly not because the memory of those dreams—of Cas in kitchens—is making Dean's heart beat a little faster and his palms get a little sweaty. "Someone could see you."
Dean swipes a hand over his face as he puts it all together. Of course Cas had been working an angle. This probably goes all the way back to Cas asking if Dean was sleeping with Lisa. No, before that—to Dean telling Cas he's a secret. And, Christ, what does that mean about that first kiss? It was what? Cas's attempt to bribe him?
There’s another knock, but Castiel stays steady this time. Just a few more cranks and—
He doesn’t quite feel watched, just a little more aware, like knowing someone has installed cameras for a reality TV show but not knowing when they may be recording. Angelus had cameras all over its building, of course, so living in semi-surveillance isn’t unfamiliar, and it’s just as true now as it had been then that Castiel has nothing to hide.
"The dreams were yours," Cas says, all seriousness—except his concentration is on the spatula as he shovels the perfectly done pancake onto a plate. He smiles up at Dean when it lands safely. "I only . . . suggested some locations. And made myself available. Positive reinforcement is an effective strategy."
with a color palette still mostly composed of avocado and orange against gray faux stone walls.
Sam’s dimples appear. “That too.”
Cas frowns at it slightly. "That was your present, Dean. You don't need to share."
The sound Cas makes is awesomely dirty.
"So does that mean you
They are out of the woods, in a house Dean determined to be empty. Beyond that knowledge and the warmth emanating from Dean, Castiel isn't aware of much.
Dean frowns as if that’s obvious. “Well, yeah. I told you about how I said no to that reaper. I did it for Sam. I made him the same promise I made you—I’m not going anywhere. And if passing on is a choice, well, I chose to stay. This is home.”
“No, no, didn’t you hear that? He laughed. I said the house is haunted and he laughed.” Panic is an extremely unpleasant feeling, Castiel thinks as he thunders back down the stairs. He flees past the abandoned groceries, across the porch, down the steps, and out into the front yard, anchoring himself against the maple. He’s trembling all the way down to the soles of his feet.
It doesn't.
Castiel takes Dean like he's tasting him, hungry for him. He yanks Dean's hips forward, pulling them groin to groin, and Dean arches, head thrown back and body taut as he strains to stay silent. Cas sinks his mouth to Dean's exposed neck, nosing at the corner of Dean's jaw, nipping at his throat.
The next thing Dean's aware of is movement on the bed next to him. He opens his eyes, confused. Cas was just there and now he's not.
Today Castiel’s tried to focus his research on how to disperse a ghost. It’s not promising.
Over, he just wants this over. Away. Gone. Fucking done.
"I— Cas, you—" Dean presses his wrist to the point between his eyebrows where the headache is going to show up. "Okay, let me get this straight. Last time you were here . . ." He gestures vaguely to the patch of countertop near the fridge he's been more or less avoiding for a month. "And we—" He waggles messy fingers between them. "And that was . . ." Dean squeezes his eyes shut. "I mean, you
Cas sleeps. Dean waits.
Dean slaps on a smirk to cover the panicky part of him that just thought
Meg prompts Castiel with a kick of her booted toe.
after all.
"You can have me, Dean," comes Cas's low rumble. Dean pulls back, startled, and tries to determine Cas's expression in the dark. He makes out pale cheeks shadowed by downcast eyes. "It's . . .
other day," Dean demands, not messing around now. He whips into the store lot and throws the Impala in park.
He feels Cas nod. "I will. I have to."
“‘He’ who? You know my ghost?” The thought twists his insides. Of course. She’d seemed so certain about the haunting all along.
It fits alright, actually.
Wishing away the lump in this throat, Castiel turns back toward the hall. He passes through into the dining room—which, other than some jostled wall art, remains largely untouched by Dean’s rampage—and stops at the china cabinet. “Hey, I recognize that guy,” Sam says, spotlighting the toy soldier through the glass. “We had a whole bucket of army men early on and used to play with ’em all the time. Can’t believe one survived.” Sam shines his light around the room and marvels more at Castiel’s work before continuing into the kitchen.
And with that, he disappears.
"Deeean, quick, you're missing it. Bring the pie!"
“That’s great.” Sam smiles and the age creases in his cheeks turn into dimples. “I’m really glad the old place has gotten some attention. I haven’t been back in decades, but I know it’d been empty for a while.”
Sam’s in motion again as tears fill his eyes, and he bends forward with a startled laugh that edges on hysterical. His lips twist in and out of a smile as he laughs again and sniffles and nods hard. “Dean, you sonofabitch!” he crows and swipes at his damp cheeks.
Cas complies, moving slow, like his muscles are protesting every inch. But it's not that, Dean sees as Cas draws near. His chest seizes as the bruises on Cas's back come into view. They're huge. Dark at the center, over his shoulder blades, and turning a mottled purple-red as they spread out and down, tapering off low on his back. They look like one of those ink-blot tests. Or like wings.
The photos of reddish-pink marks left on the skin sleeping children he’d found yesterday had stirred up a panicky ache. His hand had drifted to cup his shoulder where Dean’s love bite had long since faded as he contemplated the terrifying difference between malevolent abrasions on children and how Dean had marked Castiel. Presumably, if Dean is capable of one, he’s capable of the other.
Dean practically purrs.
"Who? Cas? He said something about blueberry pie, and that Lisa and Ben were there, or something? I don't know, I was studying. And I didn't know you'd told them about Cas but, hey, if they're cool with it then that's cool."
And for that, Dean needs to materialize again.
"Sonofabitch, Sam. I get it now, okay?" Dean grits his teeth. "If he comes back, just tell him I get it now."
“From my previous employer.”
It’s a restless night, the first in a few weeks. Castiel has been good.
Castiel clunks his head against the hutch with a sigh. “You win,” he mutters. The score so far is something like 800 to 0.
Yesterday he'd bought one of those giant pre-cooked whole chickens, so tonight it's leftovers for sandwiches. He's turning away from the island counter to grab a knife, looking for the expiration date on the Hellmann's, when he bumps smack-dab into a wall of angel.
Plus, he figures that if he ignores it all long enough, he'll just be dead and, frankly, dead's better than whatever this is. Sam doesn't seem to agree.
He slides down Dean's legs, inching off to the side. "Hey—“ Dean protests, but when Castiel hooks his fingers into the elastic of Dean’s boxer briefs and tugs, Dean capitulates with an “Oh,” and tilts his hips so Castiel can pull them off.
Still, "This is not how I wanted this to go," Dean mutters under his breath. He doesn't let himself think about it a lot, but there's always been a
Dean comes.
Ava’s eyes are huge. She gapes a little at the check before accepting it. “That’s— So, the whole sum upfront, then?”
“Probably leftovers for dinner followed by
Dean chuckles, but that’s what they do.
Castiel crosses the attic as quickly and quietly as he can and pushes the photos far behind himself, further smearing pictures across the floor. It doesn’t matter as long as they’re out of the way, away from what he’s about to do. He yanks open the trunk.
“The case went to court and the judge ruled in the prosecution’s—the buyer’s—favor. Turns out there was a newspaper article.” She tugs what looks like a microfiche printout out to the top of the pile. “The former owner gave a local-color interview stating the house was haunted and that he regularly gave tours at Halloween. The court—you hearing me, handsome?—the court declared the house officially haunted. Ruled the former owner had to shell out back to the buyer and take his hunkajunk haunted house back.” Self-satisfaction radiates from Meg. She tips an eyebrow, sure of her argument but awaiting his judgment of the case.
"I came to see if you're alright." Cas doesn't move, like he's poised to take off again any second.
"Please tell me you didn't fly out of here naked," he asks, nosing at the nape of Cas's neck.
Dean cocks his hips, grabs Cas's hair, and tries to keep breathing. He fights.
It starts with a bruise. Dean notices it after they bring down that demon. It's on his back, definitely from getting thrown into that brick pillar—it's ugly, but he's had worse. He doesn't think about it again until just over a week later, when he notices it's still there.
Cas's chuckle turns into a contented hum. He fumbles a hand blindly back, trying to slide it between their bodies, but Dean stops him and shushes into his ear. "No hurry," he says. "Just let me." Cas gives a short huff but withdraws his hand. Dean shifts even closer, feeling the swish of his dogtags against his chest before they're trapped as he presses skin to skin, not leaving an inch between them. It's too warm, there's already a sheen of sweat covering them both, but it's good like this.
It's not one specific thing that wakes Dean up. It's not because he's in pain or because he has to take a leak. It's not the sound of birds or the smell of coffee, and he's not startled or disoriented. He's just
Cas beams at Dean instead. "Are we finished?" he asks politely.
A shy half smile shows up on Cas's mouth. "I know."
The car waiting behind Dean honks. He makes a face in the rearview and waves acknowledgement before turning left through the now green light.
Dean doesn't know how to respond. He's not really sure about the answer. But he can guess.
“For what? Haunting you?”
“Ah.” Castiel raises his bottle in toast, “Semper fi.”
— — — — —
kill Cas—the Cas Dean had known, anyway. So, no. Not again, not ever again would Dean turn his back and leave Cas behind. Cursed or not, powered or not, Dean would rather have him and have him whole.
And dear God that's hot.
"In, in, in," he pleads, rocking his hips in hopes of making Cas's fingers slide home.
"I don't have an answer, Dean. If I did, I would tell you."
. He sighs and turns back to sandwich prep.
Castiel wishes he could see the strain of Dean’s cock and its come, but it’s enough to feel it, sticky and hot on his palm. He feels the tight catch of Dean’s body in the grip of orgasm, hears the praiseful whimpers of his name, tastes the salt and musk as he bites one last kiss into Dean’s skin. He wonders if he can use Dean’s warm spill to slick his own cock, make himself come.
At  some point Dean passed out. He knows this because he wakes up on his bed at Bobby's again, still in his jeans but not his boots, and with a bandage stuck to his stomach. Cas is wringing out a bloody cloth over a bowl and there's a box of bandages on the bed.
He listens, strains to hear beyond his heartbeat, until—
"He's right, Dean," Sam says, arms crossed. "Something's up with you. You're sick. But it's not, like,
good it hurts. Everything is—" Dean belatedly realizes he's gripping his own dick again, pulling on it. He can't help it. The last however-many hours have programmed into him—into both of them—that this is the solution, that if he can get to the pleasure, the pain will stop. But now that's not true. Now he can't feel the difference.
Sometimes his subconscious has him in Lisa's kitchen, licking that pasta sauce from Cas's lower lip. Sometimes they're in a crappy motel kitchenette, beer on the counter, Cas's tongue in his mouth. Sometimes they're in a sunny kitchen with warm-colored wood cabinets Dean doesn't recognize as anywhere in particular, but there are pancakes and whipped cream and Dean wakes up hard from that one because it's always maybe just about to go beyond kissing.
"Good," Cas nods absently, moving closer. "I thought so," he says against Dean's mouth. And then he kisses him.
“Uh-huh,” Dean agrees as he mouths his way along Castiel’s neck.
When he turns around again, Cas is there. Dean jolts, but his mouthful of pie prevents him from cussing.
He tosses her a doubtful look from beneath his brow and opens the folder. “Another conspiracy theory?”
— — — — —
The TV screen promptly goes black and Castiel gasps.
"I'll give you twenty minutes to stop that," Dean threatens playfully as Castiel works his thumbs down the sides of Dean's spine.
"What do you mean, 'you know'?" Dean jerks back a little, confused. "It's not like . . ." And a thousand dreams flash through his memory, all so much the same—kissing and Cas and a kitchen. He matches the times when there wasn't Cas with the times when there weren't dreams. His eyes widen. "Dude, you were there? Like,
Dean squeezes his eyes shut. His chest feels so full he thinks it might split open. "Cas—" he tries, voice cracking. He feels himself slipping.
It's a joke. She's teasing. But the truth of it slices through Dean's sternum.
“Then did you rearrange my living room furniture while I was out? Or am I just imagining that my couch moved itself across the room?” Castiel closes his eyes for a second and wonders whether, if he sneaks a look around the staircase into the living room, he’ll find that to be true. He mounts the stairs instead.
Cas shifts and pulls out of Dean—an awesome, awful pain; Dean rolls his lips and hates himself for savoring it. He settles on his side, facing Dean, his fingertips reaching to gently play over the crown of Dean's cock, readying for next time without Dean even having to ask. Dean winces. Cas thinks he's doing what he can to keep the needy pain away, Dean knows, but this time is different. This time—
Once he has the motivation to do anything at all.
Neither of them stops.
One more thing. One more.
"Hey," Cas answers as he relinquishes Dean's mouth. He swings his legs onto the bed and shuffles to lie down next to Dean. He's still naked, Dean can't help but notice.
The kissing turns dirtier, deeper, a slow tumble of inhibitions and clutch of hands. Dean's not thinking about all the times he dreamt this, not thinking about how powerful he knows Cas is despite the fact that Dean has him half bent backwards over the counter and his tongue in his mouth. And he's not thinking about how close they are to that container of chicken until Cas reaches back to brace himself and it accidentally skids to the floor.
“No!” Ava shakes her head. “No problem! I— Yes, I have paperwork for you,” she wrestles with her folders for a second then stops. “Um, maybe we could go outside to finish up?”
“Yeah,” he says, settling a soft kiss against Dean’s sternum.
He drags Cas up to kiss him when he's done, Cas barely having time to wipe that stripe of come from his chin with his sleeve before Dean's got his tongue back in his mouth. It's not really a conscious decision to start pulling Cas's clothes off, but Dean doesn't stop himself. Elation is coursing through him. There's no pain because there's no stopping—Dean's curse is getting exactly what it wants as Cas kisses and caresses him.
An intruder wouldn’t come this far out just to rearrange his furniture. A thief would’ve taken the television, not just moved it. He can’t even suspect Meg; her humor is twisted, but she wouldn’t manufacture evidence toward her cause, and she wouldn’t know where the radio had been, or the arbitrary hour he finally chose to leave the house. Nothing’s broken, he notes. It’s all just . . . not where he left it.
"A soul is power, isn't it? A little nuclear reactor? I remember Anna said it's pure creation. I don't know how pure mine'd be, but I bet I got enough to kick start you."
“He’s still there.” Sam says to a middle-distance, to himself. But his gaze flicks up to Castiel’s as he repeats it. “He’s still there.”
Contrary to the epic cocktease that is Dean's subconscious, this is what most evenings are like between them now. It's like before Cas went away—which is A Thing Dean Does Not Ask About—only with less running commentary from Dean. It's  . . . weirdly good. Comfortable, even. And Dean pretty much thinks he could do this forever.
It halts eventually, and Dean's vision begins to go black at the edges. He feels himself sink, but he fights it, trying to stay here, stay now. Cas has stopped touching him, both of them are breathing easier. But then, as Cas begins to move away, it's back. The perk of interest, the feel-good burn. Dean whimpers, almost wishing he would've let himself pass out.
on his lap (he’d already renewed it once). He has the book open to the page on tub faucets and his wrench held tight between his rolled lips—because if he’s touching a tool, he can be sure it won’t disappear on him—while he tries to balance all the pieces in the correct order on top of the new washer.
"Bitch."
"God, I want you," he whispers, rushed and rough and unthinking.
The curse digs its fangs into Dean, its poison pumping into his blood, strangling thought, movement. Dean keeps his teeth clenched, his words to himself except the occasional cuss. There's nothing good to say. Want doesn't exist anymore. It's only need. The only desire Dean knows right now is the desire to make the pain stop.
"Yeah, okay," he says louder, "c'mere." He manages to let go with one hand long enough to flick his fingers in the universal sign for
"Cas," Dean pants, "Cas, hey." Dean grabs a handful of Cas's hair and tugs, but in response the angel just sucks harder and Dean has to smack the table and think about changing the oil filter on the Impala to keep from coming. This cannot be over yet. He hasn't even gotten any of Cas's clothes off, and the situation is so damn typical—Cas does all the work, gets none of the reward. If Dean's coming, he's at least bringing Cas with him, damn it.
Castiel laughs and plops the mail on the desk. “‘Honey’? How domestic.” Dean doesn’t take strides, exactly, but he does appear suddenly much closer, intentionally crowding Castiel against his desk using mostly his hands and hips that don’t touch.
“I’m in need of a plumbing manual,” he answers, and the woman’s laugh sounds almost surprised.
"You should finish," Cas says when he's stopped the bleeding. He turns in the narrow space between Dean and the sink counter, handing him the razor. "Your hands are likely steadier than mine."
Sam rolls his eyes. “Of course he did.”
He allows it to wash over him, bathe him. From the tingling of his nerves to the tightening of pressure low in his abdomen.
There’s only one option, and for the first time it seems the most logical one.
Dean tucks his fist, and Cas's cock, against his body. It's hotter, slicker from sweat and spit and seminal fluid. That feeling flares inside him again, the building burn. Faster now. He's so close. So close— "Come on, Cas. Come with me," he whispers. Cas whimpers and begins to fuck into Dean's cupped hand, still sloppily pulling, pulling, pulling at Dean and that's it, that's—
“Oh, well, yes. But you haven’t changed your mind, right? I mean, not that there’s a reason you might have.”
Castiel stands on the porch, half gaping at the trailer truck backed up to his door and the handful of movers swarming over it, opening hatches and pulling down ramps. He pushes a hand through his hair and sighs. “The living room, I guess. Just—try to keep away from the walls.” He’d begun priming them during his three extra days.
Cas nuzzles contentedly at Dean, a hand on his chest. "Your heart, Dean. Do you feel that?"
“Never,” Dean taunts and shoves off the wall, paint brush making a wet stripe down Castiel’s arm as he bolts.
“Yes.”
want, Dean." He presses tight against Dean's body, so tight Dean can feel that he's hard, too. "Because I know what I want."
"One thing you can't seem to get through your angel brain is that just because living ain't easy doesn't mean it's not worth it. If that were true, we both know I'd've been dead a long time ago. And it's goddamn well worth it that you're standing in front of me right now instead of having your face eaten off by a Leviathan in monster heaven."
They've been holed up here for days. Two more people have died in Sioux City, two more sigils burned into walls of the buildings where they bit it. The cops are muttering about a serial killer on TV, but all everybody downstairs can talk about is Dean and his mysterious wasting disease.
Dean send a frustrated moan into the mattress. "You guys have to go. I can't— I have to— Christ, this sucks."
Dean rolls back then, pulling Cas's leg with him, until he's on his back and Cas is straddled above him on his knees. Dean makes sure he's got his heels under him for leverage, his thighs bumping Cas's ass. He picks up his own dick and lubes himself up, his other hand pressed to Cas's pale abdomen as Cas looks down at him, watching, waiting. When Dean's good and slick and solid—and fuck if he's not far from coming—he beckons Cas down. "Go slow," he says. Cas nods and positions himself over Dean.
Fear cracks and Castiel spins. The wrench hits the floor.  “What—!”
“Hard evidence this time.”
He feels Cas tremble at that and it gives him an idea. Dean fights the pain by concentrating on Cas. He nips at Cas's jaw and bucks his hips up to feel him, to make him feel. He moans and encourages, sucks at Cas's collarbone, digs his fingers into Cas's ass—does everything he can think of to make it so, so good for Cas. It's maybe the longest Dean has lasted the whole day.
Dean studies Cas for a second, not quite sure why the conversation took this turn, and wonders if he's missing something. But then Cas sorta snaps back to, looking right at Dean, so Dean just tackles the issues at hand, so to speak. "Yeah, I know. And that sucks, trust me, but it sucks more that I had to drag you into it."
Dean does the math, decides no one's lying to him—there was no heart-to-heart with Sam about Lisa, about Dean moving out.
Dean pants, eyes raking the scene around him before latching onto Castiel. "What happened?"
Dean cracks a half smile and takes it from Agent Novak's hand. This is fucking weird, Dean thinks. He takes in the room for a moment. Dim yellow lights, almost with a hue of red. The drink he was just handed. Is that, Foreigner playing? It totally is. Not just any song either, it’s “I Want to Know What Love is”. This guy is trying to get into his pants. And not just to pat him down. Oh god. He downs the drink in one go.
Cas pops the lid on the bottle and lubes up on finger. He then pours some right on Dean’s asshole. It’s cold and weird and Dean’s not sure if he can, “Okkkk, that’s different.” Cas smiles sweetly up at Dean, “You’ll get used to it.” Dean sighs and puts his hand over his eyes, “I doubt it.
Agent Novak goes behind him again to pat around his arms. Dean feels uncomfortable but doesn’t have any clue how to get out of this. The agent slides his hands down Deans side. Dean shivers for a second. It’s an involuntary response he says to himself. Just happens to be one of his sensitive areas. Fuck you. “Why Miami?” The agent asks. He does that thing again where he slides his hands around Dean’s waist to his belt buckle.
