“I want my song again,” Morgan whines, tossing the tablet on the seat next to her. She kicks at the back of Steve’s seat.
“What if I wasn’t willing to talk it out?” Tony asks, just to be contrary. “What if we couldn’t find a way to compromise?”
He’d known that Tony would be at the after-party tonight, and so far, he thinks he’s done a pretty good job of avoiding him.
Steve steals the cigarette, and as much as part of him wants to be imagining Tony’s eyes tracking the movement, he doesn’t think that he is.
“Manny found a ten-dollar bill on the street,” she says, matter-of-fact as she licks the back of her spoon.
Tony looks at Steve, who is reflecting back the same incredulity layered with mild shame at being rebuked twice in such quick succession.
Neither of them needs him to finish that sentence. There are many things Howard should have been, that he was not.
Tony clears his throat, and Steve immediately pulls his hand away, cheeks pink as he straightens out the fabric.
After so long, perhaps they’ve finally mastered the give and take between them. It’s an effortless compensation, to know exactly how to balance himself against the smallest of movements. A perfect imitation of earlier words exchanged, neither leaving the other wanting or waiting.
“Worst comes to worst, I’ll drive you back to Brooklyn,” Tony says unconcernedly, hands slashing through the air.
“Can you do Iron Man?” a middle school aged boy asks. He’s got freckles and ginger hair and the tops of his cheeks are starting to burn as he extends a strawberry colored piece of chalk. “I miss seeing him fly on the tv.”
What matters is that he’d said no in the back of that limo an eon ago, and that Tony is saying no now, and it’s his turn to responsibly respect that.
“I am,” Steve says, and he’s got no idea what she’s talking about, but it’s got Pepper pressing a hand to her temple and Tony snorting as he continues whatever he’s doing to the Italian appliance. It looks vaguely espresso-related, but seeing as Steve doesn’t bother very much with coffee, he can’t be sure.
“It attracts viewers,” Steve says with a shrug that doesn’t communicate even a fraction of the outrage simmering deep inside. “You’re watching, aren’t you?”
“You’ve looked after us,” he says, unsteady but focused. “You’ve taken care of Tony, guided me when you knew I couldn’t be trusted, and left us to figure it out on our own when you knew we could. Without you, we wouldn’t be here. We wouldn’t be happy. We wouldn’t be alive.”
“I’ll be right back,” Steve says, dropping Tony a kiss before padding out of the bedroom to the penthouse's rarely-used private kitchen.
“We’re asking you to interview Mr. Stark on TIME’s behalf, as they’re looking to award him Person of the Year,” she says. Her tone is all-business and straightforward, none of Pepper Pott’s distant warmth, and he wonders what the hell Tony’s been up to when not busy blowing Sokovian cities to ash.
Steve shrugs, not knowing how to express what he’s thinking. “For trusting me with your daughter for a week,” he tries, and Pepper’s polite skepticism makes him want to backtrack.
It’s unfortunately true, he knows from experience that she’s like a dog with a bone when she wants to be, so he gives in to the massive sigh and reaches for the box precariously teetering on the edge of his desk. It’s not particularly heavy by his standards, and he fumbles with the bow for a few moments before managing to locate the ends and untie it properly.
“She keeps apologizing for kissing me,” Beth says, slouching down even more and swirling the straw in the styrofoam cup. “Which makes me feel shitty.”
“Sorry,” Steve says neutrally, bowing his head as he stands up and brushes his palms on the front of his thighs. “Just - just was thinking about something. I’m glad you’re alright.” He looks at Tony properly then, earnest in a way that takes some getting used to because it comes out so infrequently. “It would be a shame if you had to sit out the next mission with a serious injury.”
“You know what you’re doing,” Steve reassures him, and now Tony’s yawning. “I know you, and you wouldn’t let him go if you weren’t confident.”
They see Howard less and less as Stark Industries soars to unprecedented heights, and then Tony gets shipped off to boarding school. Occasionally there is a holiday and Steve will politely steer clear, but as adolescence approaches, Tony understandably grows grumpier and less eager to associate with his father’s old colleagues, and there’s no need to be careful. Peggy sends birthday gifts every year, and Steve breathes as easily as he can as the eighties close out and then Tony turns twenty-one.
Because for all that Tony Stark has toned things down in the last year and a half, Iron Man has become a more gallant presence than ever. He’s amassed a small group of teammates, been seen protecting countless civilians, and prevented at least a dozen horrific events on varying scales, ranging from false alarm bomb threats to the potential destruction of the entire planet. At least, that’s been the rumor going around anytime someone is forced to defend what Tony had done in Sokovia.
He looks at his computer, the screensaver back and displaying a photograph of a Great White Shark off the coast of South Africa. It reminds him of clever teeth and bad choices, and he touches the mouse to get rid of it as fast as he humanly can.
And he can see the faint wisps of red slipping out from her palms, and really, he shouldn’t be surprised.
It brings the life back to Steve’s frame, his shoulders squaring and spine straightening as he turns to Tony with all the false bravado of a man from an old-timey action movie, and not that of someone about to open Pandora’s box. For a second Tony thinks he’s about to see something real, that Steve will finally show his hand, but of course, Steve has never let anything be that easy a day in his life.
As Peter and Bucky start bickering about alternative breakfast beverages, Steve can’t help but smile and push the second mug Tony’s way. When it earns him a curious look, Steve just says, “In case someone tries to steal yours again.”
Sundays are for lasagna dinners and evenings outside. They pass out Fudgesicles and Steve draws on the concrete with sidewalk chalk until his hands are stained with sky blue and sunflower yellow. He draws pictures of fantastical flowers and decorated hopscotch squares, and then they start asking for more detailed drawings. He graduates to fire-breathing dragons and even sketches out portraits of the kids who are brave enough to ask.
For a moment, he doesn’t think Tony will respond. But then he does, even and corrective: “The armor is a gold-titanium alloy.” He’s not mean about it, merely factual, and Steve’s chest burns from the frosty disinterest, because surely Tony walks around correcting people like this every day.
“It’s okay,” Tony murmurs, eyes locked onto Steve’s face, and the urge to run away wrestles with the need to argue this, to demand answers and understand the refusal after all this time. “You don’t need to apologize, it’s - ”
He shoots Steve an accusing glance, but the guy doesn’t even look up from where he’s maneuvering the cart down to load the plastic bags in.
The kiss is short, leaving them lingering mere atoms apart, and Steve listens to their shared ragged exhales.
There are so many questions. Steve wants to ask where he is, how this place works, and how long he has been here. He hungers to know more, to know everything, but the contentment overrides the urgency and he can feel himself being abruptly towed back underneath to unconsciousness.
“Yeah?” Tony coaxes, nodding at Steve, and it’s so easy to nod once and let his head hit the headrest with a cushioned thud. “That’s a lot better, isn’t it?”
Rhodes seems surprised, shaking Steve’s hand firmly while shooting Tony a questioning look, and Tony flattens a hand to his chest in a
“Take care of yourself,” he tells her, and she hugs him tightly. Steve returns the hug, just as tight, and almost lets himself think about how much he’ll miss them.
Tony can’t even imagine. He’s not even fifty yet, but the thought of living that long makes him shudder. For the time being, he’s on friendly terms with his own mortality, but that could change in an instant. Words echo in his head, a firm but kind reminder, and Tony thinks of the solid wood chairs in the kitchen and minty lemonade.
Steve knows that “didn’t want to” can be interpreted in a myriad of ways, and he wouldn’t know where to begin even if he wanted to.
“Not...alcohol,” Tony says through a residual involuntary heave. “Feels like something died in here.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Tony says forcefully, on the edge of his chair. “He needed to hear that. If I’d heard anything like that - ”
“She’s got twenty-one dollars,” Tony says, and he’s looking over Morgan’s head to Steve. “What do you think, Steve? You want to splurge on some street tacos for dinner?”
“It’s time,” Tony says, going over to a station to fiddle with some buttons, discreetly wiping his face dry. “Everyone ready?”
“They weren’t supposed to be back till later,” he says thoughtfully. When Steve feels his expression wrinkling with a lack of understanding, Tony clarifies. “I sent them on a training exercise. Didn’t want any distractions around for this.”
He realizes his mistake only a second too late, as Steve blanches. The imperturbable mask threatens to slam violently into place, so Tony hurriedly wraps his arms around Steve’s neck and sloppily kisses him.
“Can I tell him?” he asks, licking his lips as he looks over to where Tony is fully absorbed in something else entirely.
Bucky hugs him for longer than ever before, and Steve is so grateful that he’s okay. So much could have gone wrong, but he’s got his childhood best friend asking him if he remembers what a pair of scissors look like, and it doesn’t get any better than that.
They sit in mostly silence with the exception of placing their orders. He feels his stomach growl and realizes he hasn’t eaten in nearly twenty-four hours, not since he’d downed a triple espresso and eaten an almond croissant in two bites between meetings the previous morning, before the call to Assemble.
It’s a bit of an epinephrine-spiked blur from then on. Pierce comes by to yell and Steve just ignores him, packing his personal belongings into his bag before swinging the strap across his chest. There are threats of lawsuits and security comes up at one point, but the two men are beer-bellied and eye Clint’s biceps and Steve’s height warily, so they wait until Natasha is done and the monitor is dead before Steve allows them to escort him to the elevator bank.
Steve gets sucked into some water game with Clint’s kids and Peter, fingers beyond pruney as Tony gets up and disappears inside for a bit.
Tony pretends to be mad about it, but he accepts the kiss Steve presses to his temple and looks inordinately pleased. It’s Sunday morning, so Steve flips pancakes as everyone filters in. They’re out of blueberries to Tony’s displeasure, but Steve sprinkles miniature chocolate chips in them to placate him.
“Hey.” As soon as Steve’s turned his back to head back for his own cubicle, a plastic pen cap nails him harmlessly in the back of the skull. He almost doesn’t turn around, knowing that it’s courtesy of Clint from where he’s most likely hopped up on top of Natasha’s desk, but he knows that after that comes -
For a while, Steve loses track of time. He barely remembers to glance at the road signs, but when he realizes he’s in Arkansas, he pauses.
He does, so he straightens up and mentally promises to be on his best behavior for the rest of the phone call.
If Tony had really regretted anything, he wouldn’t have let things happen between them again in the limo. But he
Pepper’s house is elegantly bare and white, with bright splashes of art on the walls and clean angles everywhere. Steve thinks that in another universe, he would have detested modern art a little less and learned to appreciate it with Pepper. As it is, in this universe, they’ve never had much to say to each other besides the usual polite niceties.
So he gets shown to what used to be the ticket office, lined with computers and phones and filing cabinets and stacks of paper. Denise snaps her fingers at what look like twins with a deck of cards between them, one of them wearing glasses that get pushed up a nose.
“Excuse you,” Pepper says, rolling her eyes and sharing the aforementioned anticipated smile with Steve as she steps forward towards the car. “Where are your manners?”
“That whole Sokovia thing was a bigger mess than the public is ever going to know,” Tony says, and Steve pours more coffee into the emptied mug as well as the other one he’d pulled off a shelf above the sink. It’s yellow and bears the word
“Easy there,” he says automatically, infinitely grateful that his voice doesn’t waver. “Don’t want you concussed for your meeting.”
“You’ll hear the official story with everyone else,” Steve says sternly. “We’re going to explain everything in just a minute.”
Steve slides Bucky his basket of fries. It’s his second, and he knows what that super soldier metabolism is like, even if Sam doesn’t.
In one spectacular instance, he’d been caught downing mimosas at brunch with dark lipstick all over his collar while slipping his hand further and further into his male companion’s lap. Rumor had it that he’d been informed that the police would be called if he didn’t leave the premises immediately, and that when he pulled a
“What am I going to do?” Steve asks, feeling the anger begin to unfurl from deep within. “Move in and act like we’re capable of coexisting?”
But Steve doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t want to know what Tony sees in him, is terrified to know what a literal superhero really thinks about someone so insignificant, so he turns his head just enough to nudge his nose up against Tony’s. He only means to get him to stop talking but it qualifies as permission, apparently, because then Tony’s surging up to kiss him full on the mouth and Steve loses himself to the tailspin for just a second.
something that settles heavy and loaded in the bottom of his stomach and the base of his spine. His heart keeps jumping into his throat and his eyes can’t stop tracking the drip-drop of water as it curves over collarbones, and surely there was a line somewhere, only Steve doesn’t know where it was, only that he’s pretty sure he’s crossed it.
She’s not wrong; Steve’s attention should be on absolutely anyone besides Tony Stark, especially given that there are at least a hundred other supremely interesting people at the after-party, and none of them are so drunk that they attempted to switch jackets with Ben Affleck not ten minutes into the festivities. It shouldn’t come as a surprise, given that Tony’s here as the date of some up-and-coming actress who thus far seems more interested in being a socialite rather than furthering her career, but what is surprising is that said date has spent the majority of the party pouting at the lack of attention she’s received thus far.
Steve wants to linger on that, to ask what exactly he means and what any of this means, because Tony’s knee is too far away despite how Steve knows that wanting proximity is a thorny path to venture down. Only he remembers what it’s like to be pressed together, to want each other, and memories are faulty and rose-colored and Steve can’t remember why he ever let himself get so twisted up about this when it could’ve been as simple as them wanting each other -
“That wasn’t exactly my area of expertise,” Steve says, and Tony looks disappointed but not discouraged. “A bit above my pay grade, I'm afraid. The other you figured it out, though. I’m sure you’ll get there before long.”
“It’s the least I can do,” Tony tries one last time, though they both know it won’t make a difference. “If things between us were so terrible in your timeline, it’s the least I can do to make it up to you, if your version of me was such an asshole.”
His editor is either going to love him or fire him, and both Steve’s internal balance and judgment are just askew enough for him to think that he might get lucky enough for it to be the former.
“Full-fat, full-sugar, got it,” Sam says, lifting his mug in a mock toast. “Are we still on a peppermint kick, or are we switching back to pumpkin spice?”
Steve’s got that self-conscious look to him again. “I just thought - everyone else who knew him is dead. It’s up to us now.”
There are just three adults left, and Steve knows how hard Denise and Josie have worked to keep these kids with them, and they sit outside and it’s the closest thing Steve has ever had to a family in the traditional sense.
He stares at the blinking cursor on the desktop, rereading the last handful of words he’s written instead of allowing himself to associate the phrase with the words Pierce had once spoken to him.
“I know that super-soldier metabolism of yours has to be working overtime right now,” he tries, hoping it’s not overly insensitive.
Strong hands and surprising muscle, every inch of him as capable as the last and all exceeding expectations. Steve had watched him in silence for years, unaware of himself as he kept unnecessarily close tabs on exactly where Tony was oriented whenever possible. There wasn’t a room they didn’t simultaneously occupy without Steve’s immediate awareness of how Tony was positioned, whether he looked tired or over-caffeinated, attempting to decode body language the way one soaks up a new language in a new country.
she’s got a much more advanced UI than that outdated piece of - ”), ordering demands (“We are not getting garlic rolls, that much gluten will wreak havoc on my small intestine, I don’t
“Excuse me?” Steve asks, fingers scrambling to pick up the almonds before they can scatter to the floor.
“Maybe you and Pepper weren’t meant to be in this universe,” Steve says, uncharacteristically kind. “So maybe you’re not star-crossed lovers, or soulmates, or whatever you want to call it. Doesn’t mean you’re not capable of finding someone.”
He only knows how to hold the kids who wake up from nightmares, hold them and tell them they’re safe and it’s okay to sleep. He only knows how to coordinate fundraisers and fill out applications for grants and scholarships. He only knows how to draw heroic battle scenes, a reimagined version of the events at the compound where he fights alongside Sam and Natasha and someone who isn’t Tony wears the gauntlet and his shield isn’t pulverized by the end of it.
“That’s it,” Tony says, putting his tablet down. “I’m evicting you both. That’s right, you too, Jim.”
Steve looks up like he hadn’t expected Tony to take notice of him, but he sets his jaw and doubles down.
“No,” Steve says, and his gaze is dark and he licks his lips, and Tony really hates that he’s such a sucker for him. For fuck’s sake, he’s got Steve’s precome smeared in his chest hair, and part of him still feels like he’s lusting after the unattainable popular boy in school. “I mean, we can do it like that if you want. But I’ve never had anyone inside me before.”
Because Steve doesn’t touch Tony, not like this, not beyond casual accidental brushes or purposeful redirections. There’s never been any cause or need, and Tony flashes back to the moment at the front door, wondering how the hell the man he knows so well can still manage to surprise him. Admittedly, they haven’t known each other for very long in the most basic of measures, but the things they’ve been through - well, it’s more than enough to pull two people together.
Eventually they all make it back to their own desks, and in the hour until their editor will slither into his corner office, Steve occupies himself by combing over every last punctuation mark and ensuring that he hasn’t accidentally misspelled a single word. He’s deliberating over the last line, the sentence highlighted with his index finger hovering over the delete button, when Natasha swings by and announces her presence by tossing a cellophane-wrapped blueberry muffin in his lap.
“If I’d known you were going to be so petty about it, I wouldn’t have let you bring it up,” Tony says, and he’s finally getting up, but the moment he’s on his feet, he’s turning his back on Steve and heading to the engine again.
Until the mattress dips and Steve looks up, jolted from his maudlin thoughts at the sight of Tony rubbing his hands together.
Steve is apologizing for what he’d said after the funeral, having recited it from pristine memory. He is saying he knows he probably overstepped but couldn’t
It’s everything Tony ever imagined, from the tenuous bend of being wrapped around each other to how alive he feels, pleasure exploding in little starbursts everywhere they make contact. Steve can’t seem to stop murmuring Tony’s name, breath hitching unpredictably as Tony experiments with speed and pressure, thumbs slotting into the divots of Steve’s hips. Then he circles around back, grabs handfuls of solid backside and encourages Steve, puffing filthy words into his mouth just to see the reaction they evoke.
The band cuts off tight, and Steve excuses himself. He can’t breathe, can barely stand. Panic and anxiety spike through him, sharp and icy cold.
“Not everyone can claim they saved the universe in the last month, so yeah, it is,” Tony quips, defaulting to banter as the implications of what Steve is saying start to filter in.
“Nothing,” Tony muses, all heavy-lidded with a cheeky smile. God, he looks good, enough that Steve wants to press their fronts together with a low growl and devour him. “Just - I’ve been noticing things about you too.”
It’s not exactly what he hoped for, not exactly who he hoped for, but the voice still brings tears to his eyes as he reaches for the familiar face. It takes a moment to realize that his limbs are no longer leaden.
“I know that you’ve got a box in the closet you won’t talk about,” Sam says calmly, and no, Steve won’t let himself go down that road, so he opens his mouth and weighs all other options.
Peggy comes down with a bad case of pneumonia a decade later, and Steve holds her hands for the duration of the hospital stay. He reads to her and nearly loses track of the days, but then the tiny tv on the wall reports that Tony Stark has disappeared while in Afghanistan on a weapons demonstration, and the bands return.
“I thought we were all here because it was an excellent bonding opportunity,” Tony says, and he goes to sit very gingerly on the bench next to Steve, thankful that Clint is piloting them back to the Tower and he doesn’t have to concentrate on anything other than the throbbing pain that runs up and down most of his right side. “Has Barton apologized to you yet for not taking out that minion in time?”
It’s meant to be flippant as he lifts his cup with a wry grin, something for Pepper to smile politely at before getting in the car and leaving them to go their separate ways, but then Happy is opening the rear door and -
Somehow, Tony must possess an ounce of self-control, because he presses a halting hand to Steve’s chest. Sure, he’s groaning and tilting his head back, and Steve takes advantage to suck kisses down the column of neck that’s been taunting him ever since Tony walked in the door, but it’s enough for them to unscramble their brains for five seconds.
Steve just gestures to his beer and doesn’t point out the fact that the fog of the large room isn’t purely from tobacco, or that they’ve been drinking for hours upon hours now.
It’s insane, Steve tells himself. Tony probably doesn’t even realize, probably has no idea how flirtatious he’s been. Between the touches and the glances, Steve’s been reading into this all too much.
Sharon still delivers the eulogy, only this time it’s aching and poignant, not existing under the guise of anything else.
Malibu. What the hell is he doing in Malibu? His flight out of Vegas is no longer of any use to him, and he weighs exactly how pissed his editor will be if he tries to pitch a last-minute flight out of LAX as a work expense as his eyes rove over what looks to be a guest room.
motion, and Steve smothers a bark of a laugh with a cough in the fist of his hand. Tony leans in with his familiar smile, elbow reaching for the table Steve’s been standing at for the better part of twenty minutes and missing, the pointy bit slipping. This time Steve really does bark out a laugh, and Tony just takes it all in stride, trying again and succeeding in nonchalantly posturing with his back to nearly the entire room.
, Steve,” he says, and he can’t put together a coherent thought anymore, his sanity yanked out from under him. It’s just the two of them like this, and nothing else matters, least of all any other versions of them. “Steve, I’m gonna - ”
“She’s more than fully capable of taking care of herself, we all know that,” Tony says dismissively. “You, on the other hand, seem to keep ending up either riddled with holes, or with concussions that would kill a normal person, or having to regrow your own burnt-off fingertips - ”
“Tony,” he says, petting the bot until it rolls out of the way enough for him to get a better look. “What’s this?”
“He’s me,” he emphasizes. “From another universe, something, I don’t know. He wasn’t exactly forthcoming with the details.”
Somehow, they’ve figured this out. It feels a little like a bubble, but Steve realizes that he isn’t waiting for it to pop. There’s no other shoe to drop, and when he slides into the water because the heat bearing down on him is making his head swim a little, he holds his breath and stays under for as long as it takes to convince himself not to drag Tony up to their room and ravish him six ways to Sunday.
Everything around him is beautiful and content to simply exist, and he has no desire to deviate from the standard that’s been set.
“Don’t be sorry,” he tells her, lifting her hand to kiss it. “You’ve given me more than I could have ever asked for.”
“It’s just Christmas,” Hank says. “These kids have had a lot less these past few years. Anything we can give them will make a difference.”
From there it just grows, and he grows used to it. The back of his neck and his arms gradually turn tan under the beating sun as fall stretches on, October just as brutal as September had been. The kids gather in small crowds as he crouches down, sweeping curves and sketching out sharp lines. He thought they’d find it traumatic, but kids are resilient and call out what they want to see next.
That earns him a giant smacking kiss, which earns the both of them several disgusted exclamations from the peanut gallery.
Steve is a master of redirection though, and he keeps things slower than syrup and twice as cloying until Tony’s cock is commanding more attention than can be spared.
And a couple of days after that, Tony calls the landline and asks for Josie, and they talk a whole lot of legal jargon about some trust that he’s set up for her and Denise and the kids. There’s talk of monthly balances and deposits and Steve just helps Hannah with her vocabulary words and listens.
“Now you listen to me, Rosemary. I’m not saying it’s their fault, but it damn sure isn’t ours. I’m not going to be held responsible while we’ve got people like Pepper Potts - now hold on a damn second. There’s a gentleman here - sir? Rosemary, hold on, this gentleman looks an awful lot like - ”
It’s not his fault that Steve’s feeling scooped out and out of sorts, because everyone’s been perfectly nice. Rhodes had remembered Steve and shaken his hand, dry and perpetually standing with his feet shoulder-width apart. It was strange to see a man - no, an android, Steve’d had to mentally correct the first few times - hover above the ground, something Wanda had scolded Vision for like it was somewhat of an ongoing topic of debate between them. And Pietro, while constantly radiating “who the fuck are you and why are you in my house” vibes, had been the one who distracted Steve enough to relax and laugh at the borderline offensive but good-natured jokes about his profession that Rhodes had lobbed his way.
“Did you get any In-N-Out? Or should we stop along the way?” Tony looks expectant, and Steve grinds his teeth together.
“Iron Man’s done just about as much harm as good,” Tony snorts. “The point you’ve been trying to make? The one about how superheroes are dangerous and need some kind of leash system to keep from destroying half the world? Yeah, you’re not completely wrong.”
“Come swim with me,” she says, placing her hands on the sides of his face. He really needs to trim his beard. “Daddy’s too busy.”
“Man, I could’ve told you that,” he says, and Steve has to resist the urge to grip the wheel with all he’s got. “Bucky, tell him. Tell him it’s not a coincidence that they officially split and then suddenly Tony’s all over him.”
“Just talking about the room situation,” she says, sounding tired but as happy as she gets. “Some of these guys will have to bunk together.”
They all come and go, split between other realms and laboratories and missions, but a surefire way to know who’s currently in (besides asking JARVIS) is to check the common area kitchen.
“That Bucky killed my parents,” Tony says bluntly, never one to mince words. “That he didn’t want to tell me, but an old man made him.”
“That’s why I wasn’t ready to come back,” he says, looking sideways to see nothing but patience and a willingness to listen, to understand. “If I’d come back before, I don’t know that I would have been able to say no. But I’m not ready to be Captain America again. I don’t know if I ever will be.”
Steve doesn’t know when he became such a coward. He only knows that he has been alive for too long, that he has hurt too much, and he is far too tired to know what to do.
They’ve sent several dozen of the kids back to their families, but it’s clear that some of them don’t have anyone to go back to. There are webs of relatives and the occasional kid doesn’t even want to go, clinging to Josie and Denise and yelling. This is what they’ve come to know, and Steve listens as Beth sniffles at her station. Callie left a week ago to join her step-brother and his family in Dallas, and she’s promised to come back and visit, but it’s not the same and Steve knows that Beth knows it.
“Please,” Tony says dismissively. “I’ve got FRIDAY on top of that. She’s got strict orders to sound the alarms if they even think about it.”
“Oh.” Tony rubs at the back of his neck, and Steve defers a frown. “I didn’t say you did. I just thought - you want coffee?”
“I’m not an old man,” Steve says, irritation flaring and then subsiding just as quickly, leaving nothing but exasperated fondness in its wake. “I can eat with the rest of you. Just show me the damn time machine.”
The bottle is empty, and Tony resolves to never drink with two super-soldiers ever again. When he mentions this aloud, Steve wryly replies that he’d barely had any of the scotch, and if he wants to complain, he can complain about the old man who has since retired for the night.
“Well, at least let me offer you some alcohol swabs,” Tony says, even though he’s nowhere near the first aid kit, which is sitting way too far away to be of any use to either of them at the moment. “Or some Neosporin. Hey, we’ve got Neosporin in there, don’t we?”
“We can sit in silence if you want,” Steve offers, giving up on his search for the seatbelt in favor of sitting as far to the right of the bench seat as physically possible.
“I only wanted to right the balance of things, when I came back,” is where Steve starts. “I didn’t want to leave an extra body in another universe.”
Tony’s gripping the steering wheel so tight, and when Steve takes a breath, he realizes that they’re going too fast, even by Tony’s standards.
The baby yawns, eyes blinking open. It takes barely a moment for him to find Steve, to focus as well as a newborn can, smacking his lips gently.
That’s okay, he thinks, lying back down in the grass, eyes drifting shut again. He deserves to rest.
“We both know you’re not in the habit of dropping thousands of dollars on clothing for yourself,” she says slyly, nodding in the direction of the box. “So, who’s the sugar daddy?”
“Since when do you call me Jim?” Rhodes asks, obeying Carol’s order for him to protect their coffees as she gets them food.
turn into one of the past versions of himself, just in case he forgets and starts internally swooning the way he used to.
“Okay, rude,” he says accusingly, because yeah, maybe he’s got a teensy tiny speck of a crush on the guy with metaphorical balls bigger than the sun and a limerick inspiring backside, but it’s not like there’s anything to come of it. Tony knows this because he
“What, you figured I’d end up in another ugly tower?” Tony asks ruefully, and Steve looks at him guiltily. “I thought about it. Didn’t feel right. Didn’t feel like a place to rest.”
Rogers shrugs. “I’ll figure it out. There’s got to be more to Steve Rogers than being Captain America.” He looks Steve squarely in the eyes. “Or is that not what I was supposed to take away from this?”
He tells Elliot that he loves him when it’s Steve’s day to pick up the high schoolers and Elliot gets to the car first. There’s modest bragging about an A on his history test, and Steve looks at him as he says it. Elliot looks away and mumbles it in return, and Steve lets him pick the music for the drive home.
“It’s like I can taste all the different components at once,” Steve says, casting a look at the display in front of them. It’s beautiful and intimate and expensive, everything Tony had wanted it to be, and yet he’d missed the mark by a mile.
“It’s just new for her,” Tony says. “You didn’t overstep. Morgan’s going to be hounding me about you now, though.”
“We don’t have to go,” Steve says, and his eyes are so blue, even in the dim lighting. “I want to try. Just...be patient with me. And next time, maybe let me choose where we go.”
Steve reaches out a hand to cover Tony’s, to stop its incessant tapping on the table. He looks Tony in the eye, making sure he sees, before shaking his head.
He’s thinking of getting black-out drunk badly enough that he can’t even really remember the flight across the desert, of surely making a fool out of himself enough to warrant Pepper’s skepticism, of staring at the shadow of Tony’s chest through a thin long-sleeved sweater long enough that one of the strippers on stage had given him a knowing sort of look and saved him the embarrassment of having to slip the cash in her g-string, instead coaxing him to tuck it under the relatively innocent strap of her bra.
“It’s not easy for me,” Steve says, and he can’t decide whether he’s angry or hurt by the barbed words. “Not like it is for you.”
“I think you can call me Steve at this point,” is all he gets in return, and there’s a goddamn twinkle in those bright blue eyes. Instead of taking Tony’s fork like a normal person, he just dips his head to eat right off the proffered utensil.
“It’s a pity she’s with her mother this weekend,” Wanda says, as she lets Steve peek in her room. “Tony says she’d love the pool.”
“I might,” Steve says, blinking hard twice so he doesn’t start seeing double. “I can see it now. Tony Stark isn’t sure whether he resents his dead father or not, and that’s why he’ll spend the rest of his life trying to measure up to a ghost’s expectations. My editor is gonna love it.”
There’s a snarky excuse on the tip of his tongue - something about him signing documents in glitter pen like a middle schooler dotting their i’s with hearts - but then he situates himself in the squared-off leather armchair and gets a look at the picture in the frame.
For all he knows, this could very well be the last time they ever see each other. He wants to be able to say that they parted on good terms.
“I’m paying,” Tony says obviously. “I don’t care how much body wash costs, I can buy this entire store and you know it.”
“Your hotel.” Tony’s thumbs are flying across the screen as soon as his ass is seated, except Steve knows what those phones are capable of, that Tony likes showing off and projecting the screen’s contents to impress everyone with his genius. He’s hiding, and Steve’s rational enough to know that there’s nothing wrong with saying no but Tony’s still allowed to feel however he does about it.
“Who uses almond hand lotion?” Tony asks, and he looks fresh and clean and ready for bed at the end of an appropriately long day.
“Hm.” Tony shoves a fist under his chin, elbow resting on his thigh. “And which camp do you fall into?”
But really, there’s no slowing the momentum, not when Tony’s disappearing with a promise that he’ll be right back, and then he’s back before Steve can finish half his beer. He wags a battered pack of bummed cigarettes in Steve’s face, too fast to even blink at, and then he’s pulling a lighter out of the depths of his pants.
But watching Tony pace? Watching him scrub a hand over his face and notably avoid the crown on his head? Watching him walk away, only to come back, always coming back, no matter how many times he goes to put distance between them?
“‘What’s up?’ Are you serious right now? You’re really asking me that? Do you have any idea what time it is?”
His fantasies had always been hot and rushed, passionate with lots of tongue and frantic fumbling. He’d been unable to resist wanting to tear Steve’s clothes off within mere seconds, the two of them consumed with infinite amounts of burning desire. It’s been a handful of years of thinking like that, of getting lost in inappropriate daydreams and envisioning scenarios where Tony would attack and Steve would respond with equal fervor.
The phone rings and Peggy gets up to answer it. “Jarvis,” she mouths at Steve, who nods and continues to eat his breakfast.
,” Steve says again, because he’d given Rogers one bit of world-changing advice, and now he will give Tony one bit of his own. “We are all taught to believe that the people we love most are people worth dying for. That the sentiment is an appropriate manner through which we can express our love. When I was a child, my ma often said that if she could carve out her healthy lungs and give them to me, she would. But we are not like them.
“It’s nice,” Steve says, glancing at Tony after peeking in the closet. It’s empty, all the drawers are empty, all the shelves are bare and it’s all done very minimally with the clear intent for it to be filled up with whatever Steve desires.
“I’ve got you,” Steve tells him, and Tony doesn’t know how Steve is holding it together right now, and when he finally gathers himself enough to voice that thought, Steve gives a surprised and muted bark of laughter. “I’m not. You wanna hear something?”
“Tony,” Steve tries again, but it’s weak and Tony’s sliding a hand over his thigh, low and then higher, up to brush their fingers together.
“We’ll never know what really happened,” Steve says again, exponentially more heartbreaking than it had been the first time he’d said it because
The office is all out of the fancy caramel-flavored pods he likes for the Nespresso machine, so he steals a can of sparkling water out of the fridge. He pops the tab and nearly rips a nail in the process, and it’s flavored grapefruit in a way that makes him wish he’d just grabbed an Evian, but he leans against the granite kitchenette counter and takes short, fizzy sips until his head feels clear. On the way back to his desk, he steals a pathetic looking pack of unsalted almonds from the snack bar before settling in, determined to finish so he can head home for the day and pray he gets mugged on the subway and doesn’t have to lug the giant box in through his apartment door.
“That they were basically us,” Tony says. “Because the way I look at it, we can approach it one of two ways.”
He doesn’t know how to finish that sentence, and he isn’t sure whether that’s a blessing or a curse as Pepper purses her lips in what looks like disappointment. Or disapproval, maybe. He hasn’t been in her presence long enough to determine which, and his hangover really isn’t helping things.
“That’s the plan so far,” Steve says, and he snags the Oreo shake before Beth can suck up the rest of it.
“You’re welcome to ‘no comment’ me,” Steve says, which has the intended effect of getting Tony to shudder and start spewing nonsense in the midst of which Steve knows he’ll be able to extract something of meaning.
“I’m not so sure,” he says, a thin wisp of words that are nearly drowned out by what little road noise exists at the hour. Her hand weaves between his, holding tight until he tells her to rest for what remains of the drive to New York.
“You don’t do press conferences,” Steve interrupts, and yeah, that’s definitely rude, but Tony doesn’t seem to mind as the frown disappears. “Not since the Iron Man announcement.”
Steve feels like he’s missed something. But before he can begin to think about it too hard, he’s in the car and Morgan is digging her toes into the back of his seat and demanding Tony play the soundtrack of some movie she’s obsessed with, and there’s a never-ending stream of chatter and talk of what’s for dinner and heated debates over ice cream flavors and -
Steve nearly inhales half the pool with how hard he laughs, and finally manages to stop coughing up chemically-treated water by the time Tony is set on the edge and offering to share his own chocolate Drumstick.
Tony looks at him, long and searching. Steve doesn’t know what he’s looking for and doesn’t care what he finds, because he knows what he wants, and nothing is going to sway him at this point.
Steve hedges, primarily because he’s too busy being awestruck by the fact that Tony is caressing his face, dulled sensations be damned, but the pause is enough for Tony to laugh and cup Steve’s face preciously in the palm of his hands. If the man wasn’t so damn enchanting to begin with, Steve would be annoyed at being cooed over like a small child or baby animal. As it is, he just exhales and resigns himself to his fate for the millionth time.
He thinks he’d be just as happy to watch Tony for the rest of their shared afterlife as he would be to have him.
“Okay,” he echoes, staring out the side window. He thinks he feels Tony’s eyes drilling into the side of his head, but doesn’t check.
Tony can smell him, thin layer of perspiration and deodorant and the general air of freshly-washed cleanliness that has always accompanied Steve’s civilian clothing. It’s nice, comforting and grounding like a lazy Sunday spent inside, and Tony angles an elbow back to make contact with Steve’s stomach.
Maybe they were never meant to be, Steve thinks, looking at the flowers swaying gently in the wind. If Pepper wasn’t in the picture, and if Tony and Rogers were on good terms, then maybe none of it was ever meant to mean anything. Nothing was stopping them, Steve was certain of that, and yet there was nothing between them beyond some quality workplace friendship.
Steve pushes up onto his hands, face horribly blotchy and flushed and he’s so gorgeous it’s unfair, but the way he looks wholly out of his mind when all they’ve done is a little grinding against each other makes Tony realize that he’s the one who’s done that to him. It’s a floating feeling, blowing him up with hot air as Steve looks away and wears the face he does when he’s thinking about how to say something.
“I know I always will be like him,” Steve says, and he’s running a thumb along his jaw, looking speculative. “But you hit the nail on the head: I’ve had different experiences, and we’re not the exact same. We’re made of the same stuff, but it’s different. I don’t want to end up like him.”
TIME has a few points they want him to hit. Most of them revolve around Sokovia, and Steve's taken the liberty of doing research beyond what he’s gleaned over the last six months simply from existing in a modern world fascinated with Iron Man and whatever had gone down with the robot army that had threatened the sanctity of humankind. The rest all pertain to Iron Man’s inception and rise to popularity, and Steve’s gone back and forth over the last few days on exactly what that means.
Colonel Rhodes, Steve remembers, and he observes closely as they engage in some sort of manly bump-and-hug before separating.
Back in D.C., Steve grieves. Some days are more difficult than others, and he feels a loneliness that he hasn’t fully felt in this timeline. It reminds him of his original universe and he retreats to the garden, pruning and weeding and watering. The feel of leaves and petals between his roughened fingertips reminds him of life, and he reminds himself that his time has not yet come.
“No, you asked about my relationship with my dad and didn’t take me up on any opportunity to talk about yourself, and it wasn’t because you had anything to hide or wanted to flatter me. You cared, and genuinely didn’t believe that I could want to know anything about you, and I can’t tell you the last time in my life that someone came along where the only thing that they wanted from me was for me to just…be me.”
Steve knows that she’s a talented journalist - more talented than him if he’s being perfectly honest - but sometimes he doesn’t know how she ever got anyone to take her seriously in the first place. “What makes you think he’d entertain the idea of propositioning me at all?” It’s only meant to antagonize her, but she merely sips delicately at her wine while eyeing him sideways.
“Of course I like that,” Steve says, almost automatic as he lets Tony down to his feet but maintains proximity. “I’m going to like anything as long as you’re the one doing it.”
“Uh,” he says, forcing an awkward laugh. “Maybe you don’t know this, but usually saying something like that precedes some very bad news that the other person is definitely not going to want to hear.”
“I’m surprised you’re not just going to get both,” Steve says, so close that Tony can practically feel the words as they rumble through his body. “Or is that not the theme of this excursion?”
Tony would feel guilty, but two days later he passes through to spy Rogers tentatively testing Bruce’s latest recipe for tamales.
So no, not sorry, Steve is not going to participate in some weird grab-n-hold that Tony’s attempting to demonstrate, movements somehow still crystal clear even in the bulky but flattering suit.
But then he’d found himself on his phone, a specter guiding him to revisit the short-and-sweet text message Tony had shot him.
“I need the angle, sunshine,” Tony tells him, scissoring his fingers in gradually widening intervals.
Steve grabs his extended fingers, holds them in a tight grip, and Tony feels compelled to look him directly in the eye.
“She’s also got no reason to make ridiculous assumptions,” Tony scoffs and Steve runs his hands down his thighs.
“Okay, seriously,” Tony says, folding his arms across his chest for a fraction of a moment before uncrossing them, hands splayed in the air. “You took the GQ job because it was the only one you were offered?”
- prevents Steve from entering any of the interesting areas in the compound, he finds himself standing in the middle of what looks like a common living area. There’s an odd assortment of chaises and armchairs that appear to never have been used, and a large kitchen with gleaming counters and appliances. Steve wonders if anyone actually lives here or if it’s merely for show, considering that it’s all expensive, very tasteful, and yet regrettably uninhabited.
It’s so startlingly simple. It’s exactly what Tony had meant when Steve asked if it was real, and Steve gets it instantly.
So the guilt builds. He knows that somewhere a baby is being ignored, and a toddler is being punished. A child is seeing things he shouldn’t, already being groomed for his fate, and Steve wishes he didn’t know. He wishes he could eliminate Stane, that he could shake some sense into Howard and Maria, that he could set things into motion to protect the boy for the rest of his life and let him grow up loved and well-adjusted and happy.
“I won't,” she says. “At least, I’m going to try not to. Anyway. Are you still visiting Tony for Memorial Day? Because Callie wants to see you again but that’s the weekend she was thinking of coming.”
“That’s your name,” Serena says, poking Steve’s side as he gets the adhesive smoothed down, the booboo all taken care of. He shifts the phone, covers the receiver, and gives the two of them his best strict parental figure face.
He clears his throat. “And if I thought you should visit that white picket fence like the other you clearly wanted?”
“Pretty sure that’s not something I agreed to,” Steve says, and he sets the gray pair back where they came from, swapping for a pair in - oh, for a gray pair in Steve’s size.
“You mean the man who has been around as long as I can remember?” he says, pulling his hand back from the phone but looking at Steve challengingly, as if to say,
“Nothing is wrong,” Tony says, and he’d be giving in to the urge to run his fingers through his hair if it weren’t slicked through with pomade and likely to leave his hands coated in a fine waxy film. “What’s up?”
On the afternoon of the sixteenth, Steve paces until Peggy grabs him and forces him to tell her what’s going on.
“Maybe you’re the one we need to worry about,” she said wickedly. “Don’t get any tattoos while you’re gone! Love you!”
He’s steady, but Tony knows him better than that and reaches out a hand to skate over the valleys of his abdomen.
Things stall in the food section, inexplicably. Tony is searching for something, anything that will give him his caffeine fix, and is gripping a quart of cold brew in each hand when he realizes that Steve is several yards away.
They haven’t just chatted in years. Steve tugs on his hair, and begins cleaning up the wrappers strewn across the counter.
So Tony lets him go and Steve slowly makes his way outside, only stopping once he reaches the small patch of cosmos he’d managed to bring back to life.
“Because I don’t think with my outwardly-displayed genitals,” she replies matter-of-factly. “But no one reading the piece will know you’re gay, and people love to forget that Stark is publicly bisexual. It’s harmless, it’s cute, and it’s
“Hi, Morgan,” he greets her, unsure of how to interact with her, despite the fact that he’s got a Serena and a Christina a few states back, and he does just fine with them. This feels almost like a test, one that he really needs to ace for some reason.
“Nobody needs anyone to buy them things,” Tony points out, which is blatantly untrue, but Steve’s not about to start up an argument about class wars at this hour. “That’s why it’s a gift.”
He’d left Tony without forcing himself to remember that it could be the last time they’d ever see each other. It’s strangely fortifying, driving his fingers onward, and this time when he gets to Tony’s name in his contacts list, he doesn’t get stuck.
So he just smiles placidly, watching as Rogers’ eyes find Tony again, the two of them maintaining eye contact for a beat too long before glancing away.
“I don’t mind,” Steve says, only it’s a beat too slow and Pepper pauses in whatever she’s busy doing on her phone now to look up, minorly perturbed. She must decide that whatever it is isn’t worth the trouble, though, as she returns to her task at hand.
He hasn’t held the shield in this lifetime, and it feels fitting to grasp it for the first time as he readies himself to head home.
“You’re too good, you know that?” Steve just chews, because he disagrees, but gets the feeling that voicing that disagreement would be detrimental to the goal here. Not that he’s very clear on the goal in the first place, but that’s beside the point. That’s practically standard when it comes to dealing with Tony, he'd learned fast. “How do you always manage to know which questions I don’t want to answer?”
“We have to go back at some point,” Steve says, almost wistful as they press up against the railing.
Steve has never spent much time around the man, leaving Peggy to work with him as she did often in the years after the war. His voice has always been too familiar, a lesser experience of what he’s undergone with Tony. He is a good man and Steve trusts him, trusts that he had called because he trusts them as well.
He breathes in, once, deeply. He’s good at this, good at his job, and he can get through an interview without torturing himself over what may or may not have happened the better part of a decade ago. No matter what’s happened, what’s more important is getting through this interview with enough content to write an amazing article that’ll put some real respect on his name.
Pierce is standing before his desk, gesturing at the enormous tv tucked against the wall with a Rolex-wrapped wrist and his usual smarmy expression.
Steve shakes his head as Tony tips the box in his direction in an unspoken offering. “Most celebrity CEOs would pull out the hard stuff.”
“I didn’t know I’d end up here, though,” Steve whispers, and for a moment the coincidence and enormity of it all takes his breath away.
If Rogers wants to starve in protest of whatever he could possibly be protesting (probably the fact that Tony had been the one to swoop in and save the day, instead of him), then so be it.
Steve can recognize Roger’s expression for what it is, recognize the amusement that is easily but unnecessarily hidden.
“I’ve got you,” Tony says, there with an easy arm for Steve to hold onto. “You going to tell me what this is about?”
“I’ve just got one question,” Fury says, after Peggy has woken and delivered them mugs of coffee before disappearing inside to fix breakfast. “Why?”
When he’s getting close enough to taste unfamiliar perspiration significant on his tongue, something spurs Steve to roll over, shoving the pillows away one-handed so he can bury his face in the bleached-white bedding and shout till he’s blue, blue,
“I think you were attempting to convince me that you needed both hair gel and wax at the time,” Steve supplies helpfully.
Pepper rubs at her temple some more and walks away muttering. Steve drinks his wine, which is really quite good, and watches Morgan puzzle out what her father is saying.
“I don’t know how to cook,” Steve explains, and when he looks at Tony, he doesn’t appear bothered. It’s like he’s merely making observations.
She’s still looking at him, unscrewing the cap of her drink and sipping while she does, and it’s disconcerting to say the least.
“Mr. Rogers.” The woman has a face that Steve’d researched thoroughly, demeanor professional and distant and all the things that Steve had wanted to be as Tony’s interviewer. He’s never heard her voice before but had scheduled the interview through her, and she looks every ounce of frighteningly efficient that their email correspondence had warned him she’d be.
“Is there a right way to eat French toast?” Steve asks, the corners of his mouth hinting at amusement.
Steve’s skin is smooth, from the notch above his sternum to the musculature of his deltoids. They kiss while Tony explores his torso, the loose and messy slide a sharp contrast to how he traces every ridge and dip with his fingertips. He’s torn between wanting to learn everything right this second, from how Steve reacts to different touches to minute differences in texture, and wanting to move forward because he’s wanted this for so long and now he’s finally getting it, and he doesn’t want to waste a single second.
know each other like that, and girlfriends and superhero status only mean so much when Tony’s got this uncanny ability to see right through Steve and avoid prodding all the delicate parts without needing to be told where they are.
They do makeovers, and Steve’s toes end up holographic cerulean. Morgan’s hands aren’t the steadiest and Tony refuses to get close to her kiddie nail polish collection, but he does let her brush his hair and slide a gold tiara on his head. Steve paints her tiny fingernails alternating mermaid green and neon yellow, and Tony begs Steve to teach her color theory.
“You’ve got people, don’t you?” Josie pushes, tilting her head to the side. Her tight curls are pulled back tonight, out of the way of the flickering flames keeping them warm as the cool weather persists. “You’ve been with us a while now.”
“Just like it however you want it,” Steve tells him, and Tony grips the strands tight, using them to ground himself.
When Steve appears in the bathroom doorway, Tony almost wants to tell him to pause. Six-foot-plus of Herculean strength on display, from the slope of his traps to the familiar corded length of his quads as he walks with an impeccable center of gravity; it contrasts charmingly against the nervous twitch of his upper lip, one of his admittedly few tells that Tony doesn’t know if he’s aware of. It’s a rare sight, miles of flawless skin on display and the thrill it sends right to Tony’s cock has him involuntarily jerking in his own hand. If Steve weren’t as hard as he is, bobbing enticingly between his legs, Tony might consider being embarrassed.
“Tony,” Pepper says, a chastisement that lacks any real heat and instead reads just this side of fond. “You probably don’t remember, but this is - ”
“No, Tony,” Steve says. He makes sure Tony’s stopped his overdramatic demonstration before meaningfully meeting his gaze. “My answer is no. I’m here to interview you, and that’s it.”
“You seem very cavalier about all of this,” Fury notes. “Something big is going to happen, I assume, otherwise I wouldn’t be allowed here in your house. And yet you don’t seem to care."
Steve cuts him off with a kiss, and it’s easy to get sucked in when they’re the only ones left in the room. They take long moments to become reacquainted with the feel of each other, and by the time they’re gasping and getting desperate, Steve is ready to lift Tony up onto the counter and carry on.
“You won’t find anything,” Steve says, drowning out JARVIS’s response. “Why would you? Peggy founded SHIELD, she’d never let that information see the light of day. I’ll eat my shoe if anyone else knows.”
A butterfly flutters over, settling in atop a bloom. It touches down for mere seconds, delicate and fleeting before it takes off. Steve tracks it with his eyes until he can’t anymore, and then turns to the herb garden he lovingly maintains at Peggy’s request. He brings handfuls of mint inside, handing them to Peggy for cleaning with a kiss to her cheek. She strips the leaves off the stems, and once they’re free of dirt, muddles them for lemonade.
“We still have thirty-five kids,” she says angrily. Steve doesn’t miss the way Denise puts a hand on her knee, and he’s fairly sure it’s never happened before.
“You know our history amounts to one profile piece and one drunken lapse in judgment,” Steve says, because he stopped being embarrassed about that night after the Oscars right around the time he realized that if he didn’t stop obsessing over what could have happened, he was going to drive himself insane.
Whether easier or not, Steve can’t help but look at Tony, willing him to connect the dots so that Steve doesn’t have to explicitly lay it all out for him. Tony merely blinks, for once not filling a purposeful silence.
“Take a minute,” Steve is telling him, kissing the side of his face, and wiping fingers on Tony’s side. Tony wants to tell him that’s gross, wants to complain even when he knows they’ll both be thoroughly cleaning up later, but he just lets his weight bear down on Steve all at once and inhales unsteadily.
“Well then you’re doing an awfully good impression of someone who’s terrified that his supervisor is going to find out that you tried to put the moves on your interviewee,” Tony says, and then he’s got his fingertips all up in Steve’s business. Steve looks down at him reproachfully, but Tony just innocently shrugs and keeps at it, stroking and petting with varying levels of pressure. “This is new - relatively speaking, of course. For all I know, you could’ve dyed your hair eighteen different colors since I saw you last, then buzzed it all off before growing it out. But I bet you didn’t, I bet you just got lazy, didn’t you?”
She swirls her fingers around, and Steve clears his throat and puts his sandwich down with trembling fingers.
And then the end of the year rolls around, and the Mandarin attacks the Malibu house with Tony inside.
“Damn Barnes,” Tony says as he turns it over in his hands. “No matter how many times I try to turn him onto repulsor technology, he’s so old school. Hey, you’ll talk to him, yeah? Try to get him to accept this middle-ground?”
Fury comes in the early morning when Steve likes to putter around the garden. He’s expanded into vegetables now, and he’s promised Peggy a bountiful harvest. Once he’s done watering the squash, he joins the dark figure on the porch.
It’s decently late, Steve thinks as he runs through all the material he’s gotten tonight. Late enough that he could leave if he wanted to, get a car back to his hotel and hang up the newest overpriced tuxedo he’s been permitted to borrow. He’s been thinking about room service nachos for the last ten minutes while sipping his seltzer and lime, but in true Everhart effect, he’s suddenly feeling like he could be doing a whole lot better. Not everyone can have gone to Ivy League schools, he reminds himself.
They make it to the beach twice more, and Tony stays on the sand while Steve dog paddles out with Morgan. They buy cheap sunglasses from a pharmacy: Morgan gets pink hearts, Steve gets aviators with orange lenses, and Tony acts like he’s too good for a pair until he snaps up some hideous purple and green things.
“You’re welcome, Tony,” Pepper says through another yawn. “I’m going back to bed. Please do not bother me.”
He recalls calloused hands, deft as anything. Half his mind wants to reach out and feel for them, to test the solidity of their existence, but the other half won’t cooperate. It insists on dragging him under, slow and soothing, like rocking a child to sleep.
Tony despises him, from his too-pink mouth and too-long eyelashes to his too-stiff posture and too-broad shoulders.
“Should’ve known you liked it sweet,” Tony says, voice dropping low as Steve’s cockhead catches against his, stuttering and imprecise and beautiful. He lifts a hand to stroke through Steve’s hair.
Nearly three years, he thinks, unlocking his phone. At first he’d just taken in every scrap of news with Tony’s name attached in a frenzy, hoping for a pause in the deluge of conquests and shameless behavior. Then came the detox period, and nearly a year after their last contact, knowing that Tony’s personal life had quieted to allow him to focus more on being Iron Man and observing that he had no desire to get back in touch with Steve, he’d been able to breathe again.
“I can’t change the whole world, Peggy,” he says, because she’s got to understand. “We don’t know how much I changed by coming back in the first place.”
“Kinda my job,” Steve reminds him, and Tony bumps their forearms together. It’s bare skin-on-skin, and Steve shivers.
Natasha keeps him company while he declines to craft his quarters from thin air. He needs time to gather himself, to keep from letting his heart ache while thinking of Tony’s rooms. Instead, he explores the outdoors, tracing the perimeter of the structure and experimenting with whatever illusions he is capable of conjuring with the power of his mind.
Steve considers Tony, the way his eyes look tired and a little wired, like it’s driving him crazy not to have all the answers, but he’s holding back as much as he can for Steve’s sake.
Steve is so tired of crying, of denying it. He could be mad at himself for not knowing before, only he is too old to hold himself to the standards he used to. There had been so much that they’d gotten caught up in, and it’s taken him the better part of both lives to figure it out, but now he can be sure.
It takes a very long time for him to break the surface, and when he does, he catches Tony looking at him. There’s no concern in his expression; he just looks irrefutably enamored, and really, it’s nothing short of incredible.
Sam looks pointedly at Steve’s empty hand and then at the thrown phone, but doesn’t say anything besides a simple, “Sure. So you’ve said.”
Steve shakes his head adamantly because this isn’t about insecurity. “No. I just think, if I hadn’t come along, would she have met him? Would she have married him? Did I steal a bigger happiness from her right out from under her nose?”
“I know you like how it feels,” he says, because he has a vague recollection of how fulfilling it can be, and doesn’t need the experience to know how amplified it would be with someone it meant something with. “But it’s going to get really gross before you know it, and I know we agreed that it’s not weird to be doing this in this bed, but it might be nice to preserve some semblance of dignity here.”
He strategically constructs the beginnings of a list, now that he’s in the thick of it and can see the objective a little more clearly. First on the agenda is giving Steve the time he needs to soak up the smell of stale disuse, or whatever it is he’s busy doing wherever Tony can’t see or hear him, but as soon as he gets a chance to intervene, Tony’s going to be demanding dinner and decisions about how Steve was planning on spending his time in town.
Hill, to her credit, is wise enough to ignore him. She’s probably spent a fair amount of time around Tony, he thinks savagely.
“It’s a great opportunity,” he says, nostrils flaring. “That’s what anyone is gonna say when I ask their opinion.”
He swallows the unexpected tidal wave of emotion, weathers the storm until he feels steady, and clears his throat before speaking.
It’s not meant to be weird, but Steve knows that when he doesn’t laugh, it is. He’s meant to think about their professional relationship, but instead he’s thinking of the highly publicized personal relationship they’ve shared since some time after Tony had returned from Afghanistan. The joke falls flat, and Pepper clears her throat and goes to angle forward again.
Then come the labs, grouped by subject matter, and without prompting, Wanda tells him, “Tony’s is closer to his room. I think there’s a secret passageway connecting them, but I haven’t checked the blueprints yet.”
This chapter took a lot longer to get out than intended, half because I've been adjusting to a new job and half because I ended up changing a lot of things. Hopefully the changes suit the characters better - turns out that a new commute is a great place to question every writing decision you make!
“I’m okay,” Steve says. Desperate to get a grip on his situation, he lifts a hand with his palm facing forward, fingers elastic. “You’ve got snow - ”
Furious at everything, Steve refuses to return the gesture and feels the scraping of enamel-on-enamel as he sets his jaw. If this is going to feel as monstrously terrible as it does, more indomitable than it ever has been, then he’s not going down without a fight. For once, he’s not going to talk himself into chickening out under the guise of doing what’s best.
And Steve goes without question, but stops when he sees the silver curve of something round and nearly flat hidden behind a bot that looks suspiciously like the old DUM-E and whirs in an almost identical manner.
that they’ve shared over the years. It’s as much a part of him as his job, as his pale Irish skin that burns every summer at least once without fail, and as his unwavering dedication to being the best person he can be, regardless of what Tony Stark wants from him.
“We can get existential about it,” Tony says. “Ask ourselves what it means that another version of us had such a fucked up relationship, and torture ourselves over what might have really happened. Honestly, we could probably use that time machine to find out. If we wanted to.”
Really, if Steve’d been able to locate any, he’d have popped a bag of popcorn and sat down on a stool to enjoy the one-man show. Around the time Tony’d circled back around to complain about Pietro’s completely unjustified lack of faith in the current jet’s reliability, Steve had started digging through the cabinet of the kitchenette at the far side of the shop and uncovered a bag of coffee grounds that passed a rather ginger sniff test. He’d brewed a pot mostly to have something to do while Tony once again swerved clear of telling Steve anything he really wanted to know and drank an entire cup that tasted like his unpaid internship days, but Tony’s neglected to resurface long enough to down more than a grand total of one sip and the contents of his designated mug have since gone stone cold.
Steve’s hands clench tight around fragile cardboard, and he wants to move but he’s rooted to the spot.
“Not the bullshit text,” Steve says, shaking his head. “The real reason. You’ve dragged me out to the middle of upstate in the shittiest kind of weather, after how many years of no-contact - ”
Steve can’t ask, mere mortal strength overpowered by fear of the unknown, especially when up against a man who might as well be a god, for as separate as they’ve always been. He’s never been able to reach out and touch Tony, not really, not whenever he’s wanted to, for the gaping chasm between them and the fact that Tony’s been comfortable upon his pedestal since they first met.
When it’s just him and Peggy in bed that night, he feels oddly at peace in a way he never has before.
“Not from Mr. Stark, I hope,” she says, with an uptick of the corner of her mouth that’s just self-deprecating enough without being pitiful.
“You always want to take things apart,” Steve says, and then he’s scratching at the back of Tony’s neck, fingers dry against barely muggy skin. It feels better than it should, and Tony holds perfectly still, unwilling to sway forwards or backwards and risk the fragility of this moment.
“Fucking Spanx,” Tony says, and Steve nods in agreement as he gets to his feet and slots the mug back in place. It’s handpainted, from Clint’s kids with smudged glazed fingerprints forming caterpillars and butterflies and flowers with smiley faces and stems. A Christmas present circa 2015, if Laura’s lettering by the handle is anything to go by. “That was a good time.”
“I love you,” he says directly into Tony’s ear, closing his eyes at the sudden rush of emotion that brings that tell-tale prickling to his eyes.
“Yeah,” Steve says, attempting a smile. Tony tilts his head to look up at him, fingers twitching again. Steve thinks Tony can’t possibly want to touch him any more than he already is. “It took me decades to consider that thinking of you as mine might have meant something.”
“Tony, give it - ” Steve says quickly, and makes like he wants to snatch the frame back, only Tony purposely knocks over a mug of assorted office supplies, and Steve glares reproachfully.
“It’s not that,” Tony says, stalling by acting like he needs Steve spread wider, nudging at his one flat leg. Steve adjusts obediently. “I just need a second.”
She rolls her eyes, and Steve is aware of the fact that Elliot hasn’t turned the page since Josie sat down.
“It is,” Tony agrees, because at the Tower they order California rolls and shrimp tempura and Steve has learned to tolerate the texture of avocado, but even that took a while, and Tony wants to smack himself.
The words are simple, but they still bring a smile to Tony’s face, one that he tries to hide by gesturing at the mammoth task in front of them.
Steve hedges, scratching at the back of his neck because he’s gotten the gist of it, knows that despite the ambiguous passage of time it hasn’t been long enough for Tony and Natasha for them to have expected him, and he’s not sure that he’s ready to talk about Peggy and his branching timeline.
Christine peers at the creamy folded garment bag, fingers navigating to the zipper just slow enough for him to catch her by the elbow.
“In 117 countries,” Steve says proudly from where his torso is fit between Tony’s legs, and it’s worth the shocked expression he gets in return.
It’s well-received, of course. His editor loves it, and once it’s out of his hands for good, he feels the deleted words burrow holes into his brain matter. There’s a not insignificant part of him that wishes he’d saved them to read to himself in his guiltiest moments, but they’re forever gone except for where they’ve left vague impressions on the walls of the dug tunnels.
Rather than light up as Steve had expected he would, Tony sips his coffee long and slow. It takes effort for Steve not to squirm or get impatient, but eventually -
“No.” Steve is speaking before he realizes it, fists clenched tight. “I’m not doing that. That’s not the article I told him I’d write.”
“Rogers,” he barks, switching tack halfway through a lecture on double-dipping and why it’s fundamentally wrong. “You watching your figure, or what?”
It’s the same Tony. It’s not one simple thing that gives it all away, but it’s a conclusion that Steve reaches around the time the tour finishes.
Out of the corner of his field of vision, he sees a glint of auburn-gold. It’s beautiful, but wrong. Distorted.
“You recovered,” he says, and he runs a hand through his hair. “And you’ve got your people, and that’s fine. You recovered last time, and you didn’t need me. You didn’t need me this time either. And that’s fine. I don’t need for you to need me. But I couldn’t do it anymore, Tony. I couldn’t sit around and watch you move forward while we still weren’t on speaking terms.”
“But I’ll see you,” Tony says, seeking confirmation that Steve gives in the form of a head-tilt-nod kind of thing. “Otherwise, I’ll blast you all over Twitter. Send angry mobsters to your front door with pitchforks, that kind of thing.”
He makes a strangled noise and then looks at Steve, index finger flung out accusingly, and Steve goes even colder.
Steve stills, and Tony must sense the way he tenses because now he’s stroking Steve’s forearms reassuringly.
“Thank you,” she says, inclining her head slightly. “Now. There’s a company car out front waiting to take you to the airport. I’ve had your flight information forwarded to your email, and if there are any issues with the reservation, feel free to contact me. I believe you have my number.”
“You mean when I first became Iron Man?” Tony clarifies. “Probably because of Sokovia. They passed over me after the Battle of New York, but I only saved a city then.” He shoots Steve a funny look that might pass for a smile under normal circumstances. “If it had landed as intended, the impact could have destroyed the planet. Without me, and to a lesser extent, Rhodey, who knows if we’d be here today?”
“Or,” Tony says, lifting the hand from blinking lashes to turn his magnetic doe eyes on Steve, “you can soothe my wounded soul by telling me something about yourself for the first time in however many years it’s been that we’ve known each other.”
“JARVIS,” Tony says, scrutinizing Steve. “Let’s run some facial recognition technology, find a picture of Mr. Carter, see what background info we can find on him, run through the SHIELD dump with some keywords.”
“You going to give those kids a heads up before you leave them?” Tony asks, and it cuts so deep that Steve thinks it severs his spinal cord, leaving him numb. He hangs up the phone without responding, without trusting himself to speak without yelling, and he doesn’t want the girls to hear all the things he wants to say.
“Maria’s pregnant,” Howard says, and his eyes are too bright for a man his age. They’re all getting old, even Steve.
“That’s fine,” Steve says indulgently, flying so high that he means it completely. He doesn’t think he’ll ever want to argue with Tony ever again. “We have time to figure it out.”
He feels like he’s spent almost his entire life on the sidelines; can’t remember a time when life didn’t feel like a spectator sport.
know who I am,” he deadpans, and she pushes at his arm and whines until he does one yellow and orange for her.
On the drive to the airport, Steve finds them holding hands like they’re each other's lifelines. He’s not sure who moved first, but neither shows any sign of letting go.
“Knew you’d be a good kisser,” Steve mumbles distantly, almost like he’s not aware that he’s saying it, and Tony just nips at his lips and goes ahead and works the third finger in without ever getting an answer. It’s worth it, for how Steve practically whines into the kiss, the rough vibrations a satisfying counterpoint to the smooth drag of Tony gliding in and out.
So they sit, arms around each other, and Steve has never been more thankful for the invention of glass with the ability to turn opaque on demand.
“It wasn’t the being dead that I had a problem with,” Tony sighs out as they walk down a long hall, lined on one side by more seamless glass that looks out onto a courtyard. Some sort of grand tree sits in the corner, and Steve admires the small white flowers dotting the greenery. “It was an afterlife that I couldn’t wrap my head around. I was never much for religion, you could probably guess. I just thought you lived and then you died, and that was that. Never thought about anything coming after, you know?”
(“It’s me or the suits,” she’d said, nails gripping the edge of the open elevator, hastily packed bag thrown over her shoulder. “Because I told you after Miami, I wasn’t doing this again. Never again. And you said - ”
“How do I know you?” Tony asks, but it feels like a question he’s asking himself. “You...and Peggy. You knew my father.”
Tony waves his hands around as he goes for the coffee machine. “Not at all. I didn’t say I didn’t like it. Personally, I’m just surprised that you decided an activity involving a hot griddle warranted a shirt.”
He inhales, dreading a fate that’s already unfolded and wholly unprepared for whatever lens Tony might view it through, and subsequently, the lens through which he will be forced to view it.
he’d received a lifetime ban before being dragged outside by whoever Happy’s latest replacement had been.
They’d been useless to hear, but the compulsion to soothe is undeniable. “If you need me, I’ll be there.”
Really, he doesn’t know how he missed it. He’s long since attuned himself to Steve’s presence, the low cadence of his voice and the bulk of his shoulders the usual giveaways. Even beyond that, though, Tony knows his confident stride and can detect his deodorant-and-detergent scent long after he’s left a room.
“You can call us whatever you like,” Steve tells him. “And I did not stop any of it because I was warned of the repercussions any action I took might have. Coming to this timeline was a risk in itself. I was unwilling to take any more.”
“You’re going to hell, you know,” he mutters when Steve drops down on the front steps next to him, pressing a messy kiss to his frizzy hair.
Steve doesn’t want to leave. He wants to stay, to listen to Tony talk forever, to soak up and encourage every bit of his genius and bury him in so much love that he never wants for anything. But he knows he can’t, because this Tony is not a substitute for the one that he lost.
So he doesn’t waste any time. He reaches for his rusty Japanese to ensure them some time alone, reaches to pull Steve’s chopsticks out of his hand, and then holds the clammy appendage between his.
Steve can’t imagine living in a world without Tony. The thought is horrifying, and Steve hasn’t been much for praying for a long time, but when he gets home for the night, he folds his hands together and closes his eyes.
“I don’t hate you,” Steve protests, but it feels too hollow even in his own head to be of much convincing. It’s all he has to offer though, because the alternative is something like
“Right, because you let things be that easy,” Steve deadpans. And then, just as Tony is ready to defend himself - “Besides. You look better in black.”
“I can put you right back in that patch of space I picked you up from at any time, you know,” Carol drawls once Tony’s done ranting.
Steve smirks then, hand falling to his side, and there’s the old-timey movie star cocky charm again.
“Yeah, and let me tell you, I don’t get it at all,” Tony says frankly. “If I got to sit back behind a curtain and orchestrate things around me at my leisure, I’d do a whole lot more than he has. None of this keeping the boy band together shit.”
The spot immediately goes cold, providing just enough clarity for Steve to dig uselessly for any kind of response.
“With us,” Tony clarifies. “I mean, the way I figure, you’ve got a ton of people you could have ended up here with. Agent Carter has got to be around here somewhere, unless you’re worried about being a homewrecker in eternity.”
“Why didn’t you say something? You thought you’d just keep it to yourself? If you’d felt as bad as you claim to - ”
“You couldn’t have known,” Tony says, scaling his voice back so Steve has to strain to hear, lest the words be lost to the open air around them. “You couldn’t have known that while trying to cheat death, I was thinking how I’d do anything to see you one more time, because you were the first person in a long time who didn’t care what you got out of me.
Christina sits on the counter with tears in her eyes, and Steve tries to find the right angle at which he can look at her knee without blocking the overhead light.
What looks like the vague outline of a squirrel scampers across the neighbor’s driveway, almost too speedy to really see as it travels from tree to tree. It’s gotten late and street lamps and the moon are the only real sources of light, but it’s enough for them. The air is still, thick enough to swim through, but there’s no rush to go back inside.
“So we like that,” Tony says, releasing the tension in his thighs and tapping Steve on his bicep. “Noted.”
Steve pulls away, sliding back across the bench and unable to recall when they’d gotten so close to begin with.
“D’you invite every journalist to come look at the suit?” he asks, words coming with more surety than his tongue feels as it pushes them out.
“You think I’m letting you abandon me at a time like this?” Tony says, clucking his tongue and motioning Steve
“ - You have to tell him,” Steve finishes. “If you are even half the man I was in my universe, you will know. You will not want to, but it will be the most important thing you do.”
“So that’s a ‘no’ to testing out the hair next?” Tony jokes goodnaturedly, expression wary like he’s clocking Steve’s every little motion. Steve can’t blame him for that, and he grimaces as he releases Tony’s hands which fall the rest of the way to his sides before dipping into his pockets.
Steve rolls his eyes because Tony has sent pictures of said shrine, which is really just a couple of pictures from their childhood and then more recently. They’re part of a whole picture wall in the residential area, a concept that Laura had passed onto Wanda, and Bucky’s additions had come at the high cost of infinite teasing.
It’s been like confronting the last frontier, allowing the elevator to take him to one of the highest floors only to be turned out into a series of wide interconnected spaces separated by glass and littered with foreign-looking debris: the workshops Tony had talked about building all those years ago. There’d been nothing even resembling a tour, just a rambling disjointed bunch of pointing while Tony adamantly refused to apologize for the mess and explained that if Steve wanted more answers, he was going to get them while Tony started on a few repairs he’d been putting off. Too stunned to argue, refusing to regret refusing the old invitation, Steve had nodded and settled down on a stool far away from anything that looked even remotely dangerous.
Tony’s hand slips in his and holds firm. He’s a little shaky, but Steve just holds right back, and that fixes everything.
“Tony, then,” Steve says, and he adjusts the handset more securely before reaching for the drawer with his phone. “Look, if this is about the - ”
“You’ll just need to go slow,” Tony says against Steve’s upper stomach, working his way down exquisite planes of muscle with his full arsenal of talents, and it’s worth it for how Steve’s fists are clenched tight in the soon-to-be-shredded flat sheet. “It’s been a while, but I can handle it if you go slow.”
“You can’t imagine,” Tony says, perfectly still, “what it was like, to meet you again in New York, and suspect that you didn’t remember.”
“You can come,” Tony insists. “I know you like your garden, Rogers told me. We can put in a greenhouse. Get Peggy set up with whatever she needs, the finest care available, world-class.”
Cold fear drips down the back of his neck and he spends half a second wishing for Tony’s warm hands on the low side of his neck, resting where tendons turn into shoulders, and then jolts in his chair.
“I’m kinda doubting that you spend any significant kind of time taking the stairs,” he shoots without thinking, and Tony sputters out a coughing laugh through the haze of smoke, the heels of his hands coming down on the edge of the table so he doesn’t tip over.
“He himself has publicly confirmed that he does, occasionally,” Steve points out, giving in and rolling his eyes.
Tony goes to petulantly cross his arms over his chest, but the pull of his right-side lat makes it clear that it’s a very bad idea, and he lowers them back to hang at his sides almost instantly.
“If you knew the things I’ve thought about,” Tony says, and it’s like being high, his brain fuzzing out yet crystal-clear in its objective. “The things I want to do to you.”
The man just blinks from where his head is propped on his fist, and Tony wonders if he’s been sleeping with his eyes half open or what.
“I had to help her with her tights,” Steve reminisces. “They were so tight. And then I told her to never take fashion advice from Nat ever again.”
Steve’s contemplating which angle he wants to take when sure-footed steps prod at the already tenuous boundaries of his concentration. He looks up and over to see Tony approaching the kitchen island, fingers drumming against the stone as he surveys the space. It’s peculiar to have the unearned privilege of seeing him out of a suit and in anything resembling casual clothing, a quarter-zip and soft-looking pants.
Christine had been right. Steve had never been able to bear the idea of being another notch on his bedpost.
“I’m not going to apologize,” Tony says, his sunglasses hiding anything that could give anything away. “Because you’ve been a real moron, and I meant what I said.”
Daily, he holds her hand and feeds her lunch. He brushes her hair and loves her as best as he can, not nearly as much as she deserves.
“We should do something like that again,” Tony says absently, studying the photo. He can’t remember who had taken it, everyone seemingly packed in together, arms slung around each other. Steve stands tall and proud in the back, smile a bit looser than usual, and even Bucky is in the corner, looking distinctly out of place as Sam maintains what looks like a death grip around his shoulders. Tony’s half-bent forward in front of Vision, being forced to support Natasha’s weight as she rests horizontally with the assistance of Wanda and Happy, of all people, who looks like he’s on the brink of a hernia despite the fact that Natasha weighs next to nothing. Rhodey probably snapped the picture, he realizes. On a cell phone, judging by the quality.
“Always worry about you,” is Steve’s response, and Tony kisses him chastely before speeding up just enough for Steve to feel it.
“We can barely spend time together without hating each other,” Steve says, thinking of Tony’s visit to Houston. “Don’t you think that’s kind of a jump?”
Steve isn’t selfish enough to deprive Tony of that. As many times as Tony had attempted to retire, Steve knows what a source of joy it had been for him. Steve had taken enough away from the Tony from his universe - he won’t take anything away from this Tony.
He’s throwing a football around with Zeke and Manny in the backyard when Beth slips out, phone pressed to her ear and watermelon gum snapping.
“You’re not the reason I’m taking a break,” Steve parrots, and then grins way too wide for this sort of conversation. “Hey. It’s not a bad thing. It’s just, well, once you brought it up, it sounded like a good idea,” he says, and he meets Tony’s disbelieving gaze with easy assurance. “And if I’m not particularly keen on operating without you - well, that’s your fault.”
“What do you think of the armor?” Tony asks, and Steve glances over just enough to see that Tony’s looking out over the crowd before them, elbow still on the table while his forearm hinges upwards to allow his fingertips to trace the line of his bottom lip. “I’ve been playing around with the shape of the arc reactor. Started with a circle, then played around with the triangle thingie.” He motions with his hands, movements sharp and snappy as Steve tracks them carefully. “Now I’m back on the circle, practical reasons, of course, but there’s a certain aesthetic to - ”
And then Steve is in the car, feeling too much and rushing to bury it all to remember that which he always does when they part.
He refuses a private room back beyond some cliched velvet ropes, refuses the ostentatious process that comes along with bottle service and has the bartender put their drinks on his tab. It’s a curious dichotomy that Steve attempts to puzzle out, feeling a little less wavy and thinking that he can get this interview back under control before his time with Tony comes to an inevitable end.
“So what?” Tony demands, the effect lost as Steve bucks his hips up and groans through gritted teeth, hands clenching from their relatively chaste positioning on his waist. “You dragged me here to tell me that other you was in love with other me, and hoped that would set the mood?”
“I got it,” he says, guilt crawling in to push out the initial unpleasant surprise of Tony’s call. “But Tony, look, there’s no way I can accept it.”
Steve leans against the back door, arms crossed over his chest. He ignores the way his heart jumps at the sight of Tony in front of him.
“Just asking,” Sam says, which is a blatant lie because Sam is never just asking anything. He’s worse than any journalist Steve’s ever worked with in that way, and some days he likes to threaten that he wishes he’d never struck up conversation with the only other person on his running route who could even remotely come close to matching his pace. “Hey, who knows. Maybe he’s into the caveman look.”
“I’m getting pruney.” The way Tony confides in him makes it feel like a secret, something far more illicit than it really is.
It’s connection and commitment stripped down to its most base act, and every out-of-place moment of not knowing what was going on with Steve comes together to all make perfect sense. Tony fully collapses onto him, yet again, and it’s better than the most heavenly mattress even with his hand still smeared against Steve’s gradually softening cock and the mess ready to grow tacky between them. He can feel himself slipping out, Steve’s entrance relaxing and relinquishing what had been a death grip, and he’s caught between letting nature run its course and letting Steve eke out every ounce of fullness he can have.
Steve feels the blood rush to his cheeks and then divert south as Tony sends another wink in his direction.
How are the grandchildren, she asks, and Steve tells her stories from an alternate timeline that he only ever read on paper. The lemonade is too sweet, she tells him, and they switch to unsweetened tea with lemon with her meals. She’s never liked that shirt on him, she criticizes, and he doesn’t tell her that he only bought it last week.
He’d ignored all threats of legal action from GQ’s parent company and gone ahead and self-published his article, gaining an almost embarrassing sort of notoriety that had earned him tens of thousands of Twitter followers. It was fortuitous, he supposed when looking back, that his social media connection to Tony Stark in the first place was what had given him the opportunity to make something of himself after all.
“I’m going to write that down,” Steve says. “Repeat it back to you when Morgan’s asking to borrow the bed you sleep in so she can figure whether or not she might be bisexual.”
“Just?” Natasha prods when Steve doesn’t immediately finish, and he hates that she knows all the tricks to use against him.
It’s easy to tell that Tony is holding back. It’s easy to tell that he doesn’t approve of the way Steve went about it all, lying low and refusing to touch a single thing. It’s easy to tell that he’s disappointed and Steve isn’t sure he’s trying to hide it at all, and he defends his actions as best as he can.
“I was actually going to offer to share with the tree,” Tony says, and she rolls her eyes before departing with one of her tiny secret smiles.
So he won’t dig it out; won’t even look at it. He’s known since the beginning how unrealistic of a fantasy it had been, has long since locked it in a drawer and thrown away the key, but merely knowing that it had existed - knowing that he’d had the smallest spark of reason to hope for it in the first place - makes the reality that much harsher.
Tony leans back, using both thumbs and forefingers to frame Steve’s head against the trees and rising skyscrapers. One of them belongs to him, but he feels in no rush to return to the penthouse.
Steve laughs and tells her yes, then to hold on. He pumps his arms back to Tony as fast as he can, Morgan screaming the entire time.
“I’m sorry,” he tells Pepper profusely, trying to be conscious of whatever she’s thinking about him.
“It wouldn’t have been possible without you.” Steve is firm on this. “I used to let it bother me, but not anymore. I meant what I wrote, and I figured you knew that, and that’s why you wanted me to interview you now. Because there’s no way it’s as simple as - ”
But she never does, and for that he is infinitely grateful. Navigating this era of his life isn’t easy, and at times he feels so alone and so unsure, but it’s the best he could give himself. He figures after all those years, sacrificing and saving and hurting to the bone, this is the least he deserves to have.
“You’re sitting on leather,” Steve points out, and his heart skips when he recognizes those sweatpants, recognizes them as his own from months ago. “Skin on leather isn’t very pleasant.”
While he’s in the middle of scanning a list of questions he’s already memorized, a soft thud announces Tony’s arrival, a tall and narrow glass of water set upon a coaster that’s materialized out of nowhere. He looks up just in time to see Tony sliding onto the nearby chaise, all widespread legs and loose wrists. There’s tension lurking in his chest though, well-disguised by a charismatic jostling of his knees as he makes himself comfortable.
“You’re welcome,” Steve manages to get out, and he straightens and does up the single button on his jacket, if only to attempt to disguise the lingering evidence of their encounter until he’s securely tucked away in his room.
“Is that what’s been going on with you, then?” Tony tries to deflect, wincing internally when he realizes how he’s completely ignoring Pepper’s words of wisdom. The look Steve levels him with says that he knows what he’s doing, so Tony takes a breath and tries again, aware that Steve is effectively still clasping Tony’s hand within his. “Yeah, alright, it’s weird. We’ve just been through a lot lately, and I want to make sure that you’re dealing with it.”
“You know what, that’s fine,” Peter says, holding his hands up as Carol sits down and slides the glass his way. “I’m close enough.”
“Can’t you thank him yourself?” Sam asks. “The guy doesn’t bite, Steve. He just hangs out with the Spider-Boy and brings his daughter by because Wanda can hover her off the ground. Dude nearly shits himself every time it happens, it’s hilarious, but he’s harmless.”
“It’s probably time to get out of here,” Steve says. “You’ve got a car here, haven't you? Is Happy still out of commission?”
Wanda looks so peaceful that Steve doesn’t even recognize her as the girl he met in Sokovia. She clasps their hands together and Steve trusts her, and when he pulls away with harmless red emanating from between them, she’s smiling.
Steve thinks of the slip of paper in his toiletry bag that he can visualize clear as day, and stares at the phone hung on the wall. He can hear Denise upstairs, firmly telling Jackson that it’s time for bed, and Bonnie and Crystal are fighting over who gets the next turn in the girls’ bathroom. It’s a pleasant sort of cacophony, familiar and comforting.
“I don’t know what you want me to do,” he says, pouring out the last of the batter as Wanda shows up. “I don’t know how to make coffee.”
Steve glances up, then centers his eyes on the flurry-frosted lawn and rippling slate-tinged lake before him.
“I’m just a journalist,” Steve points out. “Hardly the first you’ve met, I’m sure. We’re not all that interesting.”
So he falls asleep again, warm and trying to convince himself that something as insignificant as sharing a bed doesn’t have the power to change the universe.
Steve gently takes it back, arranging it in its original spot with a brand of precision that is remarkable even for him.
Tony kisses over Steve’s carotid, right where he felt for a skittering pulse barely two weeks ago, and then sucks on paper-thin skin.
“I’m just saying,” Tony says, holding his hands up defensively. “I’m the one who brought up retirement first. You did kind of hop on the bandwagon there, champ.”
“Goddamnit, Steve.” Steve’s smiling so wide that when Tony tries to kiss him again, he mostly gets teeth. “Tell me everything.”
“Let me show you,” Tony says, and Steve lets go of him only long enough for Tony to fumble down the hall and slam a hand against a pad for access. Still, even then, Steve crowds behind him, hands gripping his hips.
“I think I woke him up,” she says, and she’s blushing. “And he asked if I wanted to pick up donuts for breakfast.”
It’s quiet, too well-enunciated, and Steve’s hand tests the boundary of Tony’s acquiescence to the manner in which Steve’s slammed on the brakes.
“You mean besides that fact that she refuses to call Earth home for more than a few days at a time?”
She asks sometimes, and they both know that he only ever answers questions about Tony. He doesn’t answer all of them, only the ones that don’t make him want to cry or question everything he’s ever known about himself.
“No.” Steve casts around for the right thing to say, cursing himself for both denying and indulging Tony as much as he does. “You said - you said you’ve got a lot of questions,” he finally lands on.
“I just don’t think it’s fair,” Sam says, arms crossed and looking at Wanda accusingly. “There’s no proof she isn’t manipulating the water, and - ”
Used to the passing of time, the sun slowly climbs in the sky. Natasha and Tony chat idly, flitting between topics pertaining to their day-to-day, and Steve is happy to close his eyes and enjoy the way the sun warms his ankles. He doesn’t tune back in until Nat prods at the meat of his shoulder, and he slowly blinks as she talks at him.
“You think I don’t try to do anything for you?” he asks, veins coursing with rage, regret, and an infinite amount of frustration over their inability to ever be on the same page. “You think I didn’t stay away for you?”
Wednesday nights are for indoor games. Steve has always been awful at Monopoly and he takes turns beating and then being beat by Elliot at Scrabble. He plays Go Fish with the elementary aged kids and spins when they play Twister, and learns that there’s a secret poker ring amongst the oldest kids. They play for things like extra packets of cookies and cigarettes, and Steve finds comfort in knowing that kids will always be kids.
happened between him and Tony that night, nothing beyond some overly-familiar handsiness, he still knows how it must’ve looked, and at some point after the piece had gone viral but before Steve had forced himself to get rid of the lingering crush that he would deny even on his deathbed, he’d realized exactly why Pepper had been less than overeager when forced to deal with Steve the morning after.
“Also,” she adds after a beat during which he stops to stare at what used to be a vegetable patch, the soil moist but barren as though someone had forgotten to plant the next round of crops. “Don’t forget. You guys just went through something pretty monumental. It’s okay for you to need him to be there for you, too.”
“Thank you for the opportunity,” he hears himself say, finally extending a hand. He doesn’t catch whether or not Tony regards it with any particular type of expression, only registers the cold clasp of hand around his - brief, firm, and sure. As though Tony has nothing to hide.
“Ana was in the hospital,” Tony says, recognition flaring behind enormous red-rimmed irises. “When she was still alive. You and Peggy - you stayed with me until my mom got here.”
Pepper looks surprised at that, and Steve isn’t sure of why. She acquiesces without much hesitation though, and ten minutes later they’re making their way down the crowded street, cups in hand.
“No, I swear,” Beth says into the phone, too fast for normal ears, but Steve listens as he watches Zeke fumble the ball. “It’s really him, Callie. Bonnie is pouring him lemonade, like he’s gonna fucking - ”
A quick glance tells Tony that he’s right, and he sighs, because that just confirms that a simple patch job is out of the question.
“It’s beautiful,” he says on an exhale, and Natasha stops beside him as they reach the grassy lawn, wet dew cleansing his dirt-streaked feet.
Steve exhales, recalling the days when he’d been forced to pick up the habit just for a shot at getting in a good word with his superiors. His childhood asthma had protested psychosomatically, but the drag against the back of his throat is still evocative, threatening to dredge up memories of inferiority and a desperate need to prove himself.
It’s a question Tony should be asking Steve, rather than the other way around, but he just maintains his position.
“You ever going to talk about what happened?” Tony asks, and it’s decidedly unconcerned, but Steve can read him, any and all versions of him. Perhaps he can read him better than ever, after becoming acquainted with his alternate self. He knows how much Tony is dying to know. “They say it’s not healthy to keep it all bottled up, you know.”
“I don’t know about you, sunshine, but I’m thinking that’s exactly the kind of first impression we should be making,” Tony tells him, heading to the kitchen to get more caffeine. He gets stopped before he can open the fridge though, Steve wrapping around him from behind and smelling like grass and fresh soil and manual labor as he pulls the cup from his hand and sets it on the counter.
“It’s my fault,” he tells Howard, days later at work on a smoke break. “I messed with the universe, and this is what I’ve been dealt.”
“We bought a multipack,” Steve says after a moment, thrown by the question. “There’s vanilla and coconut-lime. I think Crystal picked it out.”
“They’re around,” she says, vague on purpose. “Works similar to visiting other places. That’s how Tony found you.”
Steve can’t speak, and the screen door creaks open. He turns to see Beth, who looks as nosy as a teenager possibly can.
“It’s okay,” Steve says in a brilliant moment of strength. “I’m right behind you, just keep going, you’ve got me.”
Steve wants to tell him everything. He wants to tell Tony about how he’d loved another version of him, how Steve had realized too little too late, how everything in his universe had ended up in ruins because he’d been so ignorant and pig-headed. He’d been overwhelmingly selfish and now he’ll never get to apologize for it, and this version of Tony cannot absolve him. No one can.
“It’s just a lot,” he explains, and Tony nods along. “We order the rolls at the Tower, but it’s different.”
But Steve’s looking away, looking out the window through which is a perfectly lovely but boring view of the grounds, and Tony has to actively work his jaw to keep it from dropping in shock.
“Cosmos,” Steve explains like he has before. “I kept them in my garden. The normal ones, though. These are rare.”
“Good question,” Tony says, and he’s well-dressed in a black suit and white shirt with a slash of what looks to be a dark red tie, seemingly the exact color of the shirt he’d been wearing in Caesar’s casino all those years ago, the one he’d shed poolside to reveal acres of evenly toned muscle, and Steve imagines that his face is rapidly attempting to match the same shade. It’s flattering on Tony but Steve doubts the same can be said for himself, and he’s gone to move backward and put some space between him and the interior of the car when Tony looks up, halfway through a sentence that Steve doesn’t really process until it’s too late.
He doesn’t forget about the first box of cereal, a large Iron Man printed across the bowl of Iron-O’s. The large writing announced that for every box sold, Stark Industries would make a donation to relief efforts nationwide.
“I need things to help pass the time,” he says with a shrug, and pretends not to notice how Peggy’s face falls ever so slightly. But then the phone rings, and she moves to answer it before he has to pretend for very long.
Rogers shrugs, still in his tactical gear, leaning just inside the door with his arms crossed and the shield still on his back. “Easy,” he says, eyes trained on Tony, just a touch too intense before he appears to remember himself, and nods at Steve like he’d been expecting to see him.
“Cosmos,” he explains, settling into his chair with a gentle creak of his joints. “One of the easiest flowers to grow. They were one of the first things I grew from seed when we moved here.”
Steve swallows around thoughts of the sidewalk chalk art he still does for Lance and Ben, and how he fixes Christina microwave mac and cheese on nights she’s feeling particularly picky. He thinks of Jackson and Charlie, Denise’s little brother, and how they point out every dog they see when Steve walks them to the school bus stop in the mornings.
And he makes a smooth exit, clapping Rogers on the shoulder and almost feeling guilty for the way he leaves him to paste on his USO smile and politely greet the incoming guest.
He pours them both coffee, drinks it black, and takes note when Rogers does as well. The waitress barely hides her annoyance when he asks for more time to think about their order, and Tony almost wants to give up and let Rogers sprint around the corner back to the hospital like he so clearly is dying to.
“Cool. There’s a Target not too far from here,” Steve says, already peering down at his phone, and Tony feels a slightly irrational flash of pride at the reliance on modern technology. “Looks to be within walking distance, so we can get some food and toiletries. You okay with that?”
“Oh, seconds?” Steve says, and Tony wrinkles his nose at him. “Why didn’t you say so? Hold on, give me a moment.”
“Thank you,” he says, and it seems genuine enough that it catches Tony off guard. Steve must see that, because he elaborates. “Most people forget how I ended up in this body to begin with.”
“Oh,” Steve says, his voice a small thing carried away by the fleeting breeze. “I’m glad you’re both here, then.”
The residential wing is quiet, and Steve suspects superior soundproofing techniques. He sees the picture wall and they spend a solid fifteen minutes in front of it, recounting memories and laughing at the dry erase marker someone has taken to the glass fronts. There’re devil horns on Bucky in a few, and Tony’s got drawn-on armor in one of him and Morgan.
“That’s unexpectedly poetic, coming from you,” he tells Steve, who just shrugs as best as he can and slides a hand down to grope at Tony’s rear.
Beth and Bonnie take it upon themselves to decorate the room for the older girls, stringing up fairy lights they find in a clearance bin. Steve finds scrap wood and lets Manny and Zeke help him build a large table and chairs for them to sit around in anticipation of warmer weather, and then they build a fire pit. Hannah turns twelve, and Steve supervises as Alexa helps Crystal, Denise’s younger sister, bake a box mix of cupcakes. They end up with chocolate frosting smeared all over the counters but clean it up without needing to be asked, and Steve lights candles and they all sing as a group. Josie gets accepted to law school on a full scholarship in the fall, having spent the last five years finishing her Bachelor’s degree online, and they celebrate with beers after all the kids are tucked in.
He says it with the kind of confidence that veers so close to cocky but is still irresistibly attractive, and Tony rests his chin in the palm of his hand and tries to get the conversation back on track. After all, they have somewhere to be very soon.
Tony draws his tongue along his lips, expression going impish. “Why don’t we take a bottle of Macallan upstairs and find out? If you're lucky, maybe I'll tell you exactly what it's like to sit down for post-battle shawarma with an angry green rage monster and the actual God of Thunder.”
Steve had gone into this determined to keep it pure business and as impersonal as possible, but suddenly he’s at a loss for words and the reopening of the wound reminds him of what it’s like to be among the living.
Thankfully, Tony doesn’t seem to want to let go. He holds tighter than Steve would have expected, and whispers, “I’m ready when you are.”
“And we can hammer out the details along the way, and nothing has to be set in stone. But I thought that somewhere down the line, you could figure out how you want to split your time, and spend some of it at the compound helping train up future Avengers.”
Tony appropriates Steve’s mug with a tilted expression, careful not to let their fingers make contact as he does. “Quid pro quo? What, you want to touch my face?”
“No? Because you could, you know. Think about it hard enough, and you could be with any of them in seconds.”
Steve is bothered, but mostly, he’s just done. He doesn’t have the energy left to be upset, not when up close, Tony is just a person who isn’t capable of giving Steve much of anything at all. Without asking, Steve can vouch for the great personal strides in personal development Tony’s made over the years while still knowing that it’s not enough to want to stick around and deal with. He deserves more than that, and for once, he’s going to walk away knowing that he’ll be okay if they never see each other again.
“One hundred percent certain,” JARVIS replies, like he's offended that Tony had wanted to double check or something. Which, considering JARVIS had detected the dangerously-close-to-the-femoral-artery gunshot Steve had claimed to be unaware of not two minutes prior, is fair.
“What’s the story?” she elaborates. “Are you stepping back, is it stress, are you officially retiring? Come on, I want to know what you agreed on as the official narrative.”
“I can’t do it,” he had begged one last time. “Don’t make me choose, Pep. Come on, come back to bed and I’ll hold you and when we wake up - ”
That age-old phrase, water slipping through cupped hands, comes to mind as he splashes his face under the faucet in the connecting bathroom and brushes the foulest taste out of his mouth. Spread legs, devoured laughter, and dark sucking marks all filter through his head but there’s no real weight to any of it, and when Steve looks at his own pale skin, he sees nothing.
and it could have been horrible and ugly or beautiful and world saving, except it hadn’t saved anything, not the way old Steve had told it. They might never know, but Tony has a bone-deep inkling that it had been a tragedy, and he knows as Steve grips his hand that he knows it just the same.
There is no threat looming over them, no Accords, no gathering of the world’s leaders left vulnerable to attack. There will be no death, no meeting with T’Challa.
Tony assembles everything in a bowl, then takes the seat directly next to Rogers, just for the hell of it.
“Of course,” Steve assures immediately. Because he can, he can take the box home and shove it somewhere where it never again has to see the light of day. He can do that for Tony.
“Tie-dye,” he explains, looking it up on his phone to show her. “Your dad told me you like coloring on things, so this is another way to do it.”
“Fine,” Tony says, voice distant and modulated enough that if Steve didn’t know who was inside the suit, he’d never be able to guess. “Guess I’ll see you inside, then.” And then he’s lifting off the ground as effortlessly as anything, perfectly balanced and in his element as he hovers for a fraction of a second before zooming away.
“Any color we can find,” he promises, and Tony groans as he leans against the counter with his third cup of coffee.
He’s been making excuses for himself all night. It’s not like he’s got a ton of experience when it comes to interviewing flashy billionaire celebrities, and maybe this is what it’s always like. After all, he’s been itching for a breakthrough ever since GQ took a gamble and hired him, and from the moment less than twenty-four hours prior when Clint’d called in from his bathroom floor with a serious case of food poisoning courtesy of a Starbucks tuna fish sandwich, Steve’s known that this could be it. He’s ready for it, tired of wasting time on articles about the pros and cons of different brands of protein powder, tired of shitty black coffee and stolen sandwiches with wilted lettuce and too much mayo left in the conference room after sales lunches, tired of staring at the giant crack in the water-stained ceiling directly above his secondhand lumpy mattress.
Steve can only stare as the courier nervously maneuvers the box so he can dig at his belt for the electronic pad.
He learns that they’ve been through five different coffee makers in the last month alone because Bucky can’t figure out how to work them and inadvertently ends up smashing them to bits in his frustration. Dr. Cho and Bruce come by at least once a month to consult on whatever they’re needed for, and Thor has contacted them to announce that he plans on visiting on the anniversary of the battle.
It’s something he’d never stopped to consider before, having just automatically assumed that everything else would stay the same. Hell, Peggy had died on the exact same day she had back in his timeline - what reason had he had to wonder what else had changed?
“So I found the waters just fine,” Steve says, the furrow stubbornly taking up semi-permanent residence. He tosses Tony a water bottle, and Tony catches it before putting it on the nightstand. “But I found these right next to them, which doesn’t make any sense.”
Steve walks with them back to the open field where they’ve parked the Quinjet and apologizes for not having the room for them to stay.
“Okay,” Tony says, and the gears are whirring, considering angles and weighing pros and cons. After a very brief argument that Steve narrowly wins by convincing Tony that he’s got a much higher pain tolerance than any kind of positioning could conceivably compensate for, he pushes at the back of one of Steve’s thighs and stares at the scene before him.
“You think you’ve got my number, huh?” Tony teases. He lifts a hand to rub the side against his mouth before taking another drag.
And yet somehow, he finds himself at Rogers’ elbow the next time he winds up at the bar, despite the abundance of open footage.
“Employer-employee boundaries are very important, Steve,” Tony says, approaching the edge of the pool. “I absolutely encourage him to call me Mr. Stark.”
Tony peers into him, giving Steve that odd sensation of peeling off a scab to reveal shiny, barely healed skin underneath. “I’m an engineer. I’ve kind of made a career out of getting things to work the way I want them to.”
“I showed you mine, you show me yours,” Steve says with a straight face, indicating his own right side, and Tony wants to flinch but instead deflects.
The expression on his face is such that Tony immediately feels bad for making light of it, and he forces himself to be serious.
It’s a formality, really, because the lamp sits on the side table next to Steve. He sets his book next to it before clicking it off, and the room plunges into darkness, lit only by moonlight coming through the back door.
So she hurriedly packs their overnight bags and Steve checks the car, and she strokes the back of his hand as he drives into the night.
At first, Denise tries to tell him that he doesn’t have to. He thinks she sees the look on his face when he shades in the shield, and the next morning she brings him a luxurious bottle of Coke as he crosses names off a printed list.
“Anything?” Tony asks, a little wary. “Hm. Alright. I guess we’re just diving right in. I can’t find my mom.”
“Hey,” Steve says firmly, and he thinks about it for a second before reaching up, touching the back of Tony’s hand. “You know it wasn’t all on you.”
“Wait,” Tony says, coming to a grinding halt at the tail end of the cart before they can fully enter an aisle. He fights with his pocket and barely ekes out a win, shoving his phone at Steve and attempting to hip-check him to the side. It doesn’t work, of course, because Steve plants himself like a fucking hundred-year-old tree at every opportunity. “I’ve got a thing with Pepper - she doesn’t think I’ve ever pushed a shopping cart, so I’m going to need this documented for her.”
In the back of his mind, Steve tries to hold on, but there’s nothing to grasp at besides heat and Tony’s smooth skin. He grunts Tony’s name until it’s all he remembers and Tony is beautiful, so beautiful that Steve can’t help but reach down and feel for him. As much as they want to take their time, it’s not long before Tony is crying out and he’s so gorgeous when he whimpers like that, coming completely undone until he’s trembling and Steve is pleading for him. When he falls apart all over Steve’s hand and stomach, that’s all it takes for Steve to see stars and follow him while crying out, thoroughly worn out and unable to resist any longer.
“I had a daughter,” Tony says, his tongue somehow both dry and syrupy in his mouth, eyes locked on the bottle’s label unseeingly. “Who the hell let me have a daughter?”
He then grins mischievously, and Tony has to actively work to keep his mouth closed rather than let it gape open in disbelief. “I’ll see myself out.”
He pulls up the recording feature on the phone, waving it in Tony’s direction so he can see. Tony squints at it for a second, lines pulling at the delicate skin around his eyes before smoothing out as he shrugs. “Yeah, that’s fine.” He smiles privately as he lifts his coffee to his mouth. “So no strippers this time, eh?”
“I know that the microwave is kind of a novel invention for you and all,” Tony says, once he’s quietly edged into Rogers’ field of vision and made his presence known, “but I know for a fact there are better ways to bake a potato.”
“I know,” he says, fingers drumming against the cardboard sleeve of his over-syruped vanilla latte, prepared just the way he likes it. “But it was unprofessional of me, and you shouldn’t have had to.”
“I don’t know what I’d do there,” he admits. “At least here, I’ve got a purpose. We got more than three hundred kids back to their families. And the ones we’ve still got...I’m not their dad, and they know that, but I’m what they’ve got. And they don’t have much.”
“And probably not that elite of a club,” Clint concedes, and Steve scoops the pen cap off the floor to nail Clint in the forehead with it. He goes to leave again, this time for good, but only after he’s reassured them that yes, he’ll be there at the usual time and place, ready to ritualistically unwind from a long week at work.
It’s instinct to protest that he is enjoying this, that he’s been intermittently rutting up against Steve for a short while now and between the sweat and precome, things are getting pretty slippery on the whole. He feels good, he feels
There’s a crack about doing this in senior citizen Steve’s bed (Tony), an emphatic disclaimer regarding the clean sheets (Steve), a bit of awkward stripping (both of them), and then they’re finally stretched out against each other, Steve letting Tony kiss him urgently while rolling their hips together.
It’s been the talk of the city for months now, Stark Tower going up in Midtown. Now that it’s finished and Tony’s supposed to install some sort of alternative energy source to power the entire thing, there’s reportedly some ribbon-cutting ceremony that would indeed justify Pepper flying in from headquarters.
“You’re looking at my new home,” Tony says with an almighty shrug, casting a glance around them. “Does it look wrecked to you?”
“JARVIS says I’m clear,” Tony says, and it’s useless to fight Steve as he hitches the fabric higher and higher, a clear frown on his face. “And there’s nothing we can do for bruising, you know that.”
sort of way. “I wasn’t entirely sure, the way you acted on the street that one day. For all you said, we could’ve been complete strangers.”
“Yeah,” Steve says ineloquently, embarrassment winning out as Tony remains close, leaning forward with his elbows propped up on the table, chin in hand as he looks at Rhodes challengingly.
“Getting there,” Tony says. “Wanted to show off for the boys, walk them in and everything. Did a little show and tell in Elliot’s chem class. You guys have awful traffic here, I’m calling you so I don’t end up rear-ending someone out of pure spite.”
“Hey,” Tony says, all sudden. “You’ve been in town for like, seventy-two hours, and we haven’t yelled at each other once.”
“You’ve earned this,” she tells him, pushing his hair behind his ear, and Steve wishes he’d thought to pack some of his growing collection of children’s hair accessories.
It’s going to take every ounce of self-control Steve possesses in order to avoid getting off to this as soon as he makes it into his apartment and hangs the tux up.
“I don’t know, the tens of nominees around us?” Christine says, mouth quirking. “The countless A-list celebrities we’re here to report on?”
But Tony doesn’t seem interested in listening to him. Instead, spine supporting him as weakly as any column possibly can without crumbling completely, Tony lets out a pitiful moan and clutches his stomach.
Tony breaks into a dazzling smile, and then he’s reeling Steve in and he’s fitting their mouths together, and Tony is kissing him, and it’s just the barest pressure against Steve’s lips, but it’s tender and real and more than Steve ever thought he’d manage to wring out of the multiverse.
“As long as I don’t end up with food poisoning, I think we’re in the clear,” Steve teases, and there’s something in there that’s somehow, wonderfully, far past friendly.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony says, and it’s not pitying, but it’s empathetic. It fuels something inside of Steve.
“Yeah, but according to him, everything with the Accords happened before you found out,” Steve says, and Tony loves watching his brain tick, getting to see how Steve lays everything out as though it couldn’t possibly exist any other way. Even when it’s infuriating, it’s still fascinating. “I wouldn’t have let us get torn apart like that. I would have found a way to talk it out with you.”
He keeps waiting for Tony to stop him, but he doesn’t. Tony lets Steve continue till he threads his fingers into surprisingly lush locks, tiny snowflakes almost melting upon contact. The white sprinkles only serve to add to the mature aura Tony’s been radiating since meeting Steve back inside, and it’s dangerous, because this Tony -
But he cannot, for a multitude of reasons, so he lifts the bottle to his mouth and drinks in long, even swallows.
Sam stretches an arm out along the back of the couch, too comfortable if Steve ignores how they run together most mornings and split their Saturdays between each other's places. He can’t seem to remember, rankled by the familiarity just as he’d be by anything else in this particular moment after that particular phone call. It’s not fair to Sam, but it’s better him than anyone who’d be more likely to fire back at Steve’s sudden bad mood with nasty equivalence.
He locks the door behind Sam before returning to the couch to finish his coffee. Remote in hand, he resolutely ignores whatever lingering commentary about the Avengers is being spewed and ends up powering the whole thing down when he can’t find anything halfway decent that isn’t morning cartoons. Just the thought of listening to people - people who don’t even
“I didn’t want to fool myself into thinking that you were a Tony that was never mine to have,” Steve says shakily. “I was so relieved when you were born - this world is very fortunate to have you. I knew what I was talking about after your parents died. You really have exceeded anyone’s wildest expectations, and have long since far surpassed your father.”
“Don’t listen to him,” Natasha says, and Steve curves his shoulders inwards. “He’s just being obnoxious because he’s pissed he got food poisoning and missed out on the opportunity to - ”
Tony squints at him exaggeratedly. “Has Pepper been reading to you from the sexual harassment section of the SI employee handbook, too?”
“Very slim,” Steve says wryly, reaching out to snag the thin marled gray joggers, and Tony protests.
"I think that's up to us, too. We get to appear exactly as we see ourselves. Complicated, I know." Tony tugs at his neckline, just enough to reveal that his skin is smooth and unscarred in a way that Steve instinctively knows it had never been during the years they'd known each other. "Took me a while to sort out this mess," Tony indicates before letting go and covering up.
A blow to the stomach is what wakes him the second time. He’s bleary-eyed but snaps to attention immediately, and Serena is scrambling off of him as Josie yells at her.
This is the hard part. The part that could give him away. He’s not sure whether he wants his hand shown or not.
“Not me,” Tony says, and if Steve weren’t still barely holding him, so delicate as if Tony were blown out of glass, he’d pull away and start walking, start waving his hands around, anything to emphasize his point. “It wasn’t me. How could it be - ”
“Not about this,” Steve says honestly. “I thought you’d be mad about me messing with the timelines.”
While it looks like a surprisingly large number of people have cleared out of the venue during the bathroom interlude, Steve manages to snag the attention of an employee who turns outrageously helpful as soon as he hints that he’s looking after a spectacularly drunk celebrity. The woman unlocks a supply closet and loads him up with a toothbrush, toothpaste, and a chilled water bottle decorated with the Sunset Tower Hotel logo. Steve thanks her profusely, and when she casually asks who he’d been at the party with, he shifts his weight uncomfortably and prevaricates to the best of his ability. Which really, thank fuck, isn’t that shabby thanks to his chosen profession.
“Nothing,” Tony says, but he’s grinning, and Steve can’t resist momentarily separating their hands to feel around Tony’s hip, to stroke over his shirt right above the waistband.
“This is Steve Rogers,” Tony says, gesturing cheerfully. “Esteemed journalist, talented Craps player, and happens to look particularly ravishing underneath all that unfortunately poorly-tailored clothing, if I’m remembering correctly.”
It’s so Steve, so certain and patient at all the worst times. His giant hands cradle Tony’s head like he’s trying to protect him from something, and they’re half-sprawled on the steps where anyone could poke their head out their front door and see them if they tried hard enough. Tony wants more, but he also doesn’t want to push whatever this thing is, so he kisses Steve until his lips feel raw and he’s well on his way to learning exactly how far he can go before Steve slows it down.
Without realizing it, he’d hinged everything on his honesty. It had seemed so simple: if Steve Rogers was able to tell Tony Stark the truth about what happened to his parents, if he didn’t hide it, if he was able to be honest with his friend, it would change everything.
Steve drinks until the desire passes, until it’s manageable, and then he sets the half-empty bottle down on the counter to see Tony looking at him with unrestrained curiosity.
“You should hear him when he’s here,” Sam tells him. “How do you think I found you in the first place? Asking if we’ve heard from you, real casual about it. Keeps threatening to take those photos off the picture wall. I think he’s planning on hanging them in his room, if he ever gets his head out of his ass about it.”
Steve grows quiet, thinking back on that month of his original life when Tony had signed and left them all in the dark. That month during which Wanda had struggled with the part she had played, during which Steve held everything together, and Tony had gone behind them all to orchestrate the beginning of the end.
“I’ll order pizza, mostly because those gremlins upstate are on an Indian kick, and the closest takeout place makes phenomenal garlic naan, but I’m tired of burning my tongue off and pretending that I don’t miss good old American cuisine. I know Rhodey’s with me and misses burgers, but he likes to think his tours cultured him or whatever, so he’ll never speak up. I’ll order pizza, you can stop acting like whatever journalistic ethics committee you’re so scared of is looking for a reason to blacklist you, and I promise not to bug you about the suit. Deal?”
“Not you,” Steve says, and he’s not rolling his eyes, but he might as well be with that tone. “What, your ego is that big these days?”
He’s got no idea how Steve is so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, not when he’d insisted on an extremely lengthy post-coital cuddle session before coercing Tony into helping him change the sheets before finally calling it a night.
“There’s so much I want to tell you,” he says, and as he speaks, his lips shape the words against Tony’s. “You’re the only one I’ve ever wanted to crack myself open for.”
“Okay,” Steve says, and he goes to pick up the patch that he’s cut to size, but Bonnie is saying his name so he stops.
“I’ve got to go,” Tony says regrettably, just as the conversation veers into dangerous territory, with Steve stumbling over how much he is looking forward to being together again. Tony likes teasing him, saying that Steve’s always looking for excuses to keep the distance between them, but Steve sees right through it to the insecurity underneath. Try as he might to balance everything in his life right now, he doesn’t want Tony thinking for even one second that Steve won’t do whatever Tony needs of him.
“My mama would never let me get away with that,” Sam grumps, and the way Wanda glances at Steve tells him that this argument is ongoing.
“You sure?” Tony says, squinting at him, an eyebrow quirked. “If you’re not careful, you could end up stranded. Happened to Nat, she got stuck in some wasteland one night and couldn’t think her way back. Of course, night is about as subjective here as anything else, so.”
“And then after?” Tony says, more to prolong the conversation than anything, unwilling to call it a night when Steve looks so vulnerable and bares his soul in a way that Tony is fairly sure only he is privy to. It’s the benefit of working together so closely like this, being thrust together and knowing that they have to make it work if they want to live.
They don’t get any answers. Words like infertility and experimental trials get thrown around, and then the doctor implies that they’ve waited too long, that Peggy is too old to conceive a child. She tries not to react, but Steve can see her bottom lip tremble, and when they get home, he strokes the back of her hand.
It’s got to be a dream, he decides, once he’s put himself together enough to stumble out of the room and down a set of stairs that deserve a feature in Architectural Digest if they haven’t had one already. He pulls out his phone halfway down, jots down the phrase in a draft to use in his article, and hurries down the rest of the stairs. Thank god for open concept floor plans, he thinks absently, beelining for the front door and groaning at how expensive it’s going to be to find a taxi willing to come all the way out to what he assumes is Tony Stark’s personal residence, based upon a vague recollection of a conversation - had he been on a private jet last night? - in which Tony had ridiculously pleaded the fifth after impressing upon Steve how vital it was that he was at his company’s Los Angeles airstrip bright and early in the morning.
the world where he gets to see his Tony for the first time in more than seventy years, the world where Steve finally gets to feel whole and free and unburdened for the first time in his goddamn life, the world where he gets to finally hold Natasha the way he wished he had before they lost her, the world where everything is sunshine and butterflies and anything else they want it to be -
Steve lifts their hands to his mouth, kisses every single one of Tony’s bones, and looks him dead in the eye.
“Not while I’m Iron Man,” Tony points out moodily, thinking back to when Pepper, driven to the brink of insanity by the ongoing dysfunctional dynamic between them, had stood in front of the open elevator doors in the Tower. It had been nearly two in the morning, after an epic blowout fight during which he’d threatened to go sleep on the couch no fewer than four times, and she’d cried so hard there were ugly drips of snot running into her mouth.
“You will come, won’t you?” Tony asks through the death of his chuckle, more of a murmur than anything. “To the party?”
“Alone,” Tony supplies, because even though he’d had Peggy up until relatively recently, the old Steve had never quite shed whatever sadness and loneliness he’d allowed to accumulate in his other timeline.
They all exchange goodbyes, and the short drive to Tony’s feels weighted. Morgan’s music still plays, and Steve doesn’t know why Tony doesn’t change it but hums along anyway. When they pull up to the house and come to a stop, he’s aware of Tony looking at him.
Steve had exhaled in one long craggy breath, slumping forward until their foreheads found each other.
So Steve picks up his duffel and lets himself be led back to the residential area, cool nighttime track lighting kicking in. When Tony stops them in front of a door that looks just like the others, Steve does as instructed and uses his handprint to let himself in. FRIDAY welcomes him and the room looks so much like the one he had at the old compound with similar furniture and coloring.
Next, he relays what led to the decimation, and Tony grasps his glass and tries to understand the intricacies, but Steve forges on. He tells Tony how they lost, how Carol Danvers had needed to retrieve him from another galaxy, and keeps it together.
“Hi bored, I’m Tony,” Tony says, tickling her side before pulling her into his lap. She goes easily, cradled against him in no time. “Want to go to the beach?”
Steve doesn’t know how to respond to that, so he doesn’t. He merely meanders closer to where a fluffy rabbit lurks, still as anything. Several yards away he crouches down, watching as its giant ears twitch in his direction. It doesn’t jump, though, not until Natasha stands next to him.
Steve lets him. Steve stays sweet, his lips soft and unpresumptuous, letting Tony exert more pressure without it turning obscene. It’s just easy movement, the ebb and flow against each other, a mutually beneficial give and take as Tony opens his mouth, panting for air that he hadn’t realized he needed.
Tony settles further into his chair, scowling slightly, but there’s something good-natured about it that makes Steve smile.
“If other me figured out inter-dimensional travel before I did - ” Tony says hotly, clearly unable to cope with the concept of anyone achieving anything that he never got to.
“Wanna blow you,” Tony tells him, assuaging the insecurities he instinctively recognizes. He flattens his palm against the deep line of Steve’s spine and urges him on. It’s dry and rasping, the friction too much and not enough but perfect to keep them suspended like this. “Thought about just dropping to my knees in the compound halls and jerking you off, and getting my mouth on you just in time for you to come.”
Yep, sure enough, Steve turns around just in time to see Natasha neatly push him onto the floor in a crumpled heap. Steve doesn’t laugh - they’ve all run through various iterations of this routine too many times in the last several months - but Natasha meets his eyes before rolling hers, and he can’t help but grin, mood buoyed with their usual nonsense.
Steve is unsurprised despite his racing pulse, and he catalogues the location of all their body parts.
He cleans the kitchen and tidies the living room, and refuses to feel anything when he doesn’t see anything that Tony could have left behind. Rather than dwell on it, he gets dressed and heads out for a run. At least this way, he can stave off the inevitable realization that somehow, he’s ruined things again.
It takes a while before Steve feels like he can control himself enough to go over and talk without exploding.
It takes a moment to take stock of the middle-aged suburban woman on the sidewalk across the street, clearly coming out of the open garage behind her. Tony sloppily wipes his mouth with the back of his hand before raising it high, waving obnoxiously.
A feeling not unlike that which Steve felt in Alexander Pierce’s office way back when descends, and the paralysis barely allows Steve to croak, “Iron Man’s retiring?”
She’s magnanimous about it, looking up as she finishes talking with her thumbs hovering over the screen, and Tony is frowning at her. Pepper pulls a face at him, and Tony’s mouth does some weird sort of squiggly thing before Pepper’s eyebrows draw together in response. Happy’s the one to burst their little bubble, coughing loudly and clamping a hand down over the frame of the open door, and the two snap to attention. Pepper shoots Steve a no-frills kind of smile while Tony pastes on some poor facsimile of the grin he’d been wearing not fifteen seconds before.
From Carol and her cock-sure attitude, promising to be gone before they know it, to Clint, coming out of retirement for special potentially world-ending events only, Tony lets himself get passed around. It’s easier to lose track of time than he thought it would be, and he’s five seconds away from curling up in whatever spare stretch of couch he can find when he sees who he’s been looking for.
“I made out with Tony Stark in the back of his car after the party,” he says, hoarse. “And then he took someone else home, bought the tux they’d loaned me,
“But still,” Steve says, trying to figure out why Tony seems so unbothered by divorcing the only person he’d been in a relationship with since before Steve knew him. “There’s a lot of history there.”
He’s been so focused on filling the silence, Bruce listening as he rehashes the ordeal and theorizes about their next steps will be. Conversely, Romanoff and Barton seem content to communicate telepathically. Thor has been helping himself to everyone’s baskets of pita and dollops of hummus without any regard for Midgardian table manners, and just as Tony is calling him out, he catches sight of the opposite end of the table.
They’re walking up to their rooms when Steve nudges the back of Tony’s hand to get his attention, and Tony looks over in surprise.
“Not with things the way they were,” Steve says, hands in his pockets, taking a step back. “Not with you - ”
“You stopped for her?” He wants to know, wants to gauge the importance of other people in Tony’s life.
Against his better judgment, Steve gets into the passenger seat and adjusts the controls until he can stretch his legs out. Tony drives fast but smooth, and zips down the highway for a quarter of an hour before turning down the classic rock radio station and speaking.
Tony’s eyes go wet, and Steve opens his arms. It’s a bit awkward but Tony finds his way in, still slight against Steve’s gradually diminishing frame, and the smell of metal and sweat and pure Tony makes it near impossible to pull back from the hug.
“Yeah,” Steve says after a few long moments, eyes wide and lost, searching for Tony who merely presses in harder. “I don’t think that’s going to be a problem.”
It’s more than three years later when, in the middle of a crowded Starbucks, a group of rowdy tourists knock him into a slender woman with a strawberry-blonde ponytail.
Not that he doubts that she means it. Pepper has always been lovely and polite, and nothing has happened to change that.
He gets that, because Tony is flushed around the neck, hardly noticeable to anyone except for Steve who’s looking closely at every visible bit of skin. The hand on his leg has progressively gotten higher and higher, edging into the kind of territory Steve isn’t sure he can come back from, and the firm press of Tony’s fingers isn’t helping at all. No one else can see, not unless Carol or Wanda really can see through solid surfaces, but it feels vaguely possessive and there’s an appeal there that makes blood rush in Steve’s ears.
He might have the same expressive eyes, the same name, the same wild tuft of dark hair, but he’s not Steve’s Tony. It’s almost painful to hold him, to let the bend of his arm support the tiny newborn and know that no matter what happens, no matter how the decades unfold, he will never be his Tony.
“You did more for him than anyone else would have,” she says, and the man coming round from the front of the car is familiar, a glance at his face jump-starting Steve’s memories of Tony’s bodyguard-slash-driver-slash-trainer-slash-whatever else Tony needs him to be.
“Well, now that nothing can live up to the big surprise of ‘I’m trying to build you a new shield….’”
“I love you, too,” he tells her, soft, and the words come out far more emotional than he means them to.
I swear I meant to update consistently, but then got slammed by a winter storm and didn't have power for a while. Barring any more natural disasters, I do plan on continuing to post every few days. That being said, thank you to everyone who takes the time to engage with this - all of it is greatly appreciated.
“I need...something to drink.” Tony looks down at the toilet, the edge of a grimace visible from Steve’s vantage point.
“Of course he will,” Steve says because he remembers coming out of the ice and knows what he is going to want to do. It might have been a lifetime ago, but Steve knows himself now, better than he ever had before.
“Is that what you tell Josie?” Steve asks, and Denise flips him a middle finger before disappearing to her room.
“It takes a while to wake up,” Natasha says, suddenly in front of him. She stands with loose posture, and the clouds in the sky grow thin as she crosses her arms over her chest and smiles, close-lipped, the way she used to. “Tony thinks there’s something to it, about not wanting to shock the system.”
“But you.” Now Tony is shaking a finger in Steve’s direction, accusatory for reasons that Steve doesn’t quite get, but he remains steadfast nevertheless. “You ask me if I knew I’d come back out, implying that maybe I didn’t, that I might’ve known I could’ve gotten stuck up there, and suddenly I remember exactly how I felt at that moment in time.”
“I’m having a hard time keeping my hands to myself when you do things like this, okay?” Tony says, indicating the small of his back for clarification. “So pick a side and stay on it. Either we make out like a couple of teenagers whose parents will be home any second, or you kiss me like you
“Then what is it?” Tony prods. “You had a mom, people before the ice. I assume you had people after Nat and I went. You don’t want to see any of them?”
Steve looks around, startled, but doesn’t see anyone else in the vicinity who might even remotely resemble the generous description. It’s mostly stuffy suit types, anyway. Not a whole lot of visible triceps - Grecian or otherwise, whatever the hell that means  - to be spotted, honestly.
“Not yet,” he says, feeling unconsciousness tug at his heavy body yet again. “Will you be here when I wake?”
Sharon does, occasionally. She’s been another casualty of Peggy’s lifetime, held at a distance, and Steve is careful to never be present when she is. Aunt Peggy is little more than a name to her, some vague inspiration impressed upon a young girl through her father.
“I’m gonna come if you keep that up,” he warns, and Steve’s resulting pout is nothing if not charming as he reluctantly lets go just enough to help lead Tony to his entrance, leg falling to hook over Tony’s hip.
Steve had pretended not to be half in love with it, and failed miserably halfway through his third draft of the piece. Now, back at work Friday morning after spending most of his Thursday night hammering the article into something somewhat presentable, he’s itching to figure out whether or not the lines he’s crossed are that obvious to a third party.
There’s a miraculous change of clothes to save them from the unpleasant experience of trying to tug smoke-soaked fabric over damp skin and soaked underwear in the middle of the thin desert climate. Steve wants to stop and ask questions about who took the time to retrieve his things from his room, but it’s not worth it, not when this is clearly how things work when Tony Stark is involved, as simple as that. Besides, it's not like he needs to know for the article.
“San went to change,” he explains, and Tony pulls a face at the smell but Steve just pulls Buck in for a swift hug. “Thank fuck, who got the coffee started?”
It would also bleed him dry. Being in the city day after day, remembering how it used to be, remembering what had gotten him through those five years. It would drain him, and he’d just be scraping out his insides, selling his organs on the black market, letting others live so he could die. It would be a noble cause, but Steve knows. He knows he won’t survive it, not without her.
Steve had forced her out of the car, holding her tight and making her promise to be careful and come back in one piece.
Old man Rogers did a thorough job cleaning the place out, clearly anticipating his journey into his original universe to be a permanent one. It almost makes Tony chuckle despite how thoroughly he’d been played, tricked into sending the poor guy back to where he came from to do whatever it is that men do when they’re on the brink of becoming a centenarian, or whatever age he’d considered himself to be. Presumably it gets a little fuzzy when jumping between timelines like it’s a fucking sport at the Olympics.
“I don’t think I’ll start a fire,” Rogers insists, and he’s set his fork down, and Tony almost feels bad when he gets up and dumps the rest of his pitiful snack in the trash.
have a favorite universe? Is one of them inherently better than the other? Except maybe that’s not a good question, because ours wasn’t exactly spectacular towards the end there, so - ”
“I wish you would let me share this with you,” Peggy says, and the frustration underlying her tone is a deviation from their usual routine.
He ends the call while wrenching the window open, the heated air a viciously unpleasant burn pressed to the uncovered sections of his skin. There’s a near slosh of protein shake out of the wide opening in his hurry to get back inside, and in the interest of preserving the hardwood floors, he ends up pausing with his ass half-balanced on the cracking wooden frame as he licks the residue from the lip of the bottle. It’s a short distance to toss his phone at the lounging figure on the couch, and his irritation grows as it’s caught handily before receiving exactly the same treatment as the remote. He forces himself to tamp his emotions down as he sighs, unwilling to move any further into the apartment when he’s like this.
“Good man,” Tony says, getting up too quickly and needing a second to catch his balance. He narrowly avoids spilling his water, and Steve helps him out by swapping it for the toiletries. What he doesn’t do is say anything else as he disappears from view, and Steve waffles over whether or not to wait for him. It’s the right thing to do, wait till Tony’s on his way to wherever he spends his nights when in town now that his home is in pieces at the bottom of the ocean.
being a self-righteous asshole of a best friend for five seconds. “He’s up for Person of the Year, despite Everhart’s determination to slander his name all over any channel that will have her.”
There aren’t any straws there to grasp at. It’s just Steve and the gray-blue cold and a black car, pulling up and ready to deliver him back to his life.
“Steve Rogers, right?” The courier is a hilariously acceptable level of squirrelly, double-checking the pad before glancing at Steve, then Christine, whose assets are on full display with her blazer abandoned at her desk in favor of showing off the undone buttons on her shirt. “I’m supposed to ask for some photo ID.”
Steve unfolds his long limbs until he’s on his side, half over Tony and taking the lube back. He doesn’t do anything with it, just holding it as he props his head up in his hand.
true, because who wouldn’t kill for the opportunity?), and most days he’s content to try and spin celebrity think pieces into written windows into the human psyche and examine the devastating impact fame has on individuals.
There was a reason, a traitorous voice in the back of his head reminds him, that his article wound up being an ode to one of the most controversial public figures in America, and it certainly hadn’t been because Steve was a fan of weapons or the military-industrial complex.
“No one ever said you were an idiot,” Tony tells him. “You were the only one with a complex about it.”
There’s no good answer to that question, something Tony seems to realize as he gets his feet under him.
“I’m probably not the best judge in this situation,” he admits, but his face is so open and his tone so certain that Tony can’t take his eyes off him, tracing the angle of his jaw and the barely-there five o’clock shadow. “But I don’t think there’s anything wrong with you wanting to save the world every now and again.”
“I meant what I said,” Steve says, and he feels desperate for a second, but then he just feels bold. “About everything always being up to you.”
For a brief moment, Steve thinks of that fight on the side of the highway. He’d called Tony out for never letting Steve do anything for him, and while part of that dynamic remains, he’s doing what he can to achieve equilibrium between them.
“I think I’m done here,” Steve says, adjusting his hold on the box. “Is there a place I can put this? If you have recycling - ”
“I just wonder,” Steve says, voice cracking, “if she was happier. With him. Happier than she was with me.”
It’s not that Steve wants to take sides, because he doesn’t pretend to understand these things and they don’t really concern him, but he can’t help but want to defend Tony. He refuses to believe that there’s ever been an ounce of misdirected intention, that Tony’s ever done anything before absolutely making sure to minimize damage and casualties, that Tony’s acted in a way that warrants such a large degree of public mistrust.
Steve walks over, still steady on his feet. He tugs the bottle out of Tony’s hand with little to no effort despite the death grip, and meets Tony’s wavering gaze head-on.
“Come on,” Tony wheedles, eeling his hips closer until he’s right up against Steve, crude and itchy even in his expertly constructed tuxedo. “It’s not a coincidence that we keep ending up like this together.”
“Natasha’s bitter because I’ve got more space than she does,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “She’s got nothing to complain about, she can dream up whatever she wants, she just doesn’t think as big as I do. Literally, hah. Here, I figured you could go next to her, maximize your window space. Might take you a while to get the process down, but until then, I can always make you something temporary. Just a placeholder, until you can personalize it.”
“Obviously,” Tony says when he breaks away, resting their foreheads together. “Where else would I be?”
“I did give us two options,” Tony reminds him. “That’s why I’m asking if you think it’s weird. If you think it has anything to do with us.”
“Who are you?” Tony asks, in that childlike way that would be rude if not for its genuine curiosity and charm.
“Don’t go,” he tries to say, but it’s like trying to cup water between his own two bare hands. “I’m not done with you yet.”
“Steve doesn’t mind,” Tony says, like he’s reassuring her, only his eyes remain locked onto Steve’s the entire time, and that’s kind of strange. It certainly does strange things to Steve’s insides, stirring some part of him awake for the first time in a very long time. “Right? You don’t mind. Tell her.”
If he pointedly avoids all news regarding Tony Stark, refuses to read any blurbs about Iron Man’s latest successful mission - well, that’s Steve’s business.
On the drive back to D.C., Steve doesn’t bother to hide the tears dripping down his face, and Peggy doesn’t bother commenting. She just wipes the bottom curve of his chin with a single index finger that comes away wet and then strokes the back of his hand.
Steve apologizes profusely and opens up the call log, excusing himself to the backyard. When he redials, he’s not surprised to hear Bucky.
It’s hard to hug Sam - Sam, who got him through one of the loneliest times of his life - but he does, and he tries not to hold on.
“Finally,” Tony says, stealing a used lime wedge from Steve’s plate and sucking on it. “Someone who gives a shit.”
“Yes,” Steve says, so sure of himself that for a moment Tony wants to be sick, remembering first impressions and clashing egos. “I don’t think he knows how badly Peggy would like to talk about it.”
“Stop fooling around,” she tells them, striding towards a ringing landline. “Show the good captain here how to help.”
“Just the one,” Tony says, and he’s charming and Bonnie is trapped in his orbit as he shakes Josie’s hand. “Tony Stark.”
Tony is suddenly hyper-aware of his heart in his chest, of how it’s rabbiting along and expanding to take up all the room where his lungs are supposed to go. He can’t inhale but it’s not terrible, it’s almost
Without anything to fidget with, Tony folds his legs under him where they sit on the floor and taps a rhythmless rhythm against the side of his thigh.
“You concentrate,” Tony says with a shrug. “Might take a few tries to stick. Your brain has to get used to it - you have to convince yourself that it’s part of the structure. I was a little skeptical coming in, not going to lie, that’s why I took a while to settle down. Saw some cool things while I was losing my shit, but before I came along Natasha was basically camping out in a hammock, so she can thank me for teaching her everything she knows.”
“We don’t actually need any of the comforts of home here,” Tony says, gesturing around them and clearly anticipating the questions that Steve is reluctant to let leave his tongue. “We don’t need to eat, but we like to, so we do. We don’t need to sleep, but we’re used to it, so we do.”
