a voice that sounds like Natasha urges. It’s on his lips. Just three words. But Tony doesn’t love him back, and Steve doesn’t know how he can hide from Tony that there’s no curing his illness, whether they bring everyone back or not.
Steve shrugged. A small part of him had always known that there was no way he and Jan could have ended up the way he wanted to. They were too different, even if he agreed with all Tony said. Love really wasn’t enough, or maybe it was that Jan hadn’t loved him enough, not when her heart belonged to Hank. Steve would never understand; the times he'd argued with Jan had been painful enough to deal with, although he would have weathered them for her. Hitting her, though, was so entirely foreign, and only what a weak, pitiful, cowardly person would stoop to.
“The two of us?” Steve chuckled. “No, no, we have the Avengers with us.”
Stay at the hospital, or the Triskelion, and they would judge him—stay at the Tower, and he'd judge himself.
Tony suspected that if he went into Steve's room, he'd find some of those old shirts he'd been missing.
“I’ll ask Pepper to see if she can get into contact with any butlers-slash-bodyguards-slash-personal-secretaries. I kept Jarvis on because he was there since I was a little brat, but I always wanted someone who could put me into a headlock without having a heart attack.” Tony’s smile was strained.
Steve jerked when Tony touched him, and Tony quickly backed off.
“So what,” went Miles. “Were they all hit in the head? Maybe Pleasant Hill's secret is that it makes everyone go nuts and lose a couple of years?”
“Nothing to apologize for,” Steve mumbled.
Steve took a sip and shrugged. “It tastes fine.”
“That’s my man.”
Both Clint and Wanda had joined the team after Tony. They’d been barely legal then, not that the founding team were much older (other than Thor), but still. And Tony had gone off into his million-dollar company and then he’d
He's warm, but Steve is warmer. His breath huffs against Tony's skin. Tony has longer hair, long enough for this Steve to tangle his fingers through the strands. Tony has – well, this Tony has breasts, small enough to flatten against Steve when he squeezes him. The Steve here chuckles and wipes the tears from Tony's eyes when he starts crying, and when that doesn't stop them, presses his lips against Tony's eyelids.
Tony froze, but she didn't miss the flicker of shock over his face. “Everything between us is perfectly normal,” he said, slowly, like he was tasting the feel of the lie coming out of his mouth.
The only times Tony's cried in front of his Steve, Steve walked out in disgust.
“I suppose whatever Manhattan this is doesn't have an Iron Man or Captain America,” Tony tried as they stared at the door.
Tony turned to Steve's counterpart, saying something to which Rogers nodded, and accepted something from Tony. Steve removed the binoculars from his face and stood. From what he could tell, Rogers was stunning the Hydra agents with a stun gun turn-by-turn. Fair enough; it was easier for them to keep them incapacitated for now, especially if more of them popped up.
“It's okay,” she told him, and brought him in for a hug. Steve's shoulders shook as she rubbed his back.
“Mind control works when you can get them all on the same page,” Sam replied. “Like a hivemind. Not knowing what year it is would be counter-productive. I'm thinking it's something else, and this something else went badly.” His voice trailed off.
Rogers visibly paled, glancing from the RT to his shield. “Why does he need—a battery for his
It was the last place in the world Steve wanted to be.
He wasn’t hesitant at all, which Steve had expected. What Steve hadn’t expected was how much of a tease Tony was. Steve ground insistently against Tony’s hand, but he continued to massage him, like he was trying to get Steve to relax. It was the last thing that could have worked, and Steve thought he might crack at the tension building up, ready to be snapped with a tug.
But that was different from Iron Man. Iron Man was...he'd confessed things to Iron Man, lulled into a sense of security and impulsiveness by sleepless nights and bad dreams. Fears, insecurities, regrets more insidious than the ice. In return, Iron Man had told him about himself, why he was fighting, what he had to make up for, the tales offered with hesitation, like he was afraid it would lessen Steve's opinion of him. It never did. Steve fought alongside Iron Man from the start, and Iron Man knew Captain America and Steve Rogers in equal part.
A universe unaffected by the incursions. Tony put his head in his hands, before sighing.
It happened in an instant. Someone walked by, too close, and there was a click of a camera shutter, and Steve saw red.
“But who? And why? And how?” Nova asked.
“If the Avengers count, we’d all drink,” Sam pointed out.
“Friend,” Steve amended. His heart picked up, and he tested the word again silently, liking the way it felt. “I wouldn’t do this for Scarlet Witch or Quicksilver,” he quickly added.
“Throw a punch, come on.”
“Captain.” Steve whirled around to Rogers, surveying the street, and realized that he'd been able to hear Rogers's almost-whisper in the midst of everything.
but it hadn't hurt enough that he would rather not have have him.
“Captain, are you proposing someone is pulling Hydra agents out of the timestream and dropping them in Pleasant Hill?” said Vision. “That's inefficient.”
Gail nodded. “It’s a loss for you too, isn’t it?”
He looked at a portrait of one of the past principals, an elderly bespectacled woman with sharp eyes. “So, your feelings for Tony.” Steve felt stupid the moment he said it, but that hadn’t stopped the words from coming out.
Rogers and Tony backed to either side of Steve, forming a triangle between the three of them.
“It’s not a failure to think of your family right now, Tony. That empathy of yours and the drive to do better with it is why you’re here. Love…love makes us stronger. Us as people, and us as a team.” Steve swallows past the blossoming pain, but his heart beats strong and steady. “We trust you, Tony.”
“What else is there to be sure about?”
“Send me Iron Man.”
“Probably? Mostly I thought they only existed for holiday prints.”
“You weren't there to say bye to him when he left this morning for DC.”
“Steve, the rules are that you lose if you
“Now you're just exaggerating.” Steve's hand rubbed his neck.
“You’re stronger than me,” Pepper says.
Gail's smile was brilliant. “I'm glad. And no matter how long it lasts, remember that. I know that Bucky worries about me. It hurts, when he tries to talk about my future, or even tries to pull away. I can’t stop him from feeling things, or wanting to do something, any more than I can with myself. I can make him feel supported, and know that he's loved, no matter what he thinks he's doing to me by my choosing to stay. It doesn't even compare to what he's brought into my life.”
He didn’t apologize, but he probably knew Steve would have punched him for it.
“Okay then. Hi, Tony,” Rogers said, and Steve hoped Tony couldn't hear the daze in his voice. “I assumed being in this business aged people faster.”
Superheroes were meant to watch over everyone: heroes, villains, the innocent. Themselves.
“You’re already working on it.” Steve hunched his shoulders, and the sudden shame was a bitter pill to swallow. Of course, he’d been blinded by the glitz and glamour of Tony’s life, the women and parties and flying suits of armor, though the last one was uniquely Tony Stark. Tony was very good at distracting you from his reality of being a shrewd businessman underneath it all, or maybe Steve was good at not wanting to know.
His smile deepened as he tilted his head up and kissed him.
The funeral’s over, but Steve can’t stop looking over the lake, long after the arc reactor was out of sight. The sunset casts long rays over the water, glittering and orange. Steve’s always been a city boy, but it’s so beautiful, he thinks he understands Tony a little better now. He leans on the railing of the deck in some effort to get closer.
Whatever it takes.
A small sigh came from beside him, and the couch shifted when Tony got up. There was a pause, like Tony was ready to say something. But even with all of Steve's enhanced senses, he didn't hear anything other than the sound of footsteps walking away.
If the media found out about Tony’s cancer, they would twist their marriage into every single version of Tony's fears. That Steve felt pity for him and wanted him to not be alone, that he had a duty. Steve had watched many soldiers die alone in the world, but he hadn’t given himself to them, put his whole heart in their hands.
“Time travel?” Tony supplied.
“Oh, do you want to lose again?”
“What?” Steve narrowed his eyes; Tony had his full attention now. “What is it?”
Tony’s grin faltered. “I’ve said as much before, haven’t I? If I had to leave this whole thing behind, there’s no one I’d miss more than you.”
that time I was a teenager, in fact...”
“You're normal now,” Tony said flatly.
Bucky was cradling a sleeping child in his arms. From the looks of it, she couldn't have been older than ten.
“You'll think it's stupid.
Tony and—someone—stumbled out of the elevator door together, and they were. Their mouths and bodies were mashed right in front of Steve, mouths moving like they meant to devour each other’s faces, hands disappeared under each other’s clothes.
“I’m not in love with Tony.”
It was a shame they'd initiated the kiss on opposite sides of a desk, and then Steve's tongue swiped over his and Tony's regrets were small things.
Tony isn't Steve, so he uses what he has. So he sells his body and a part of his soul. He doesn't think any of the men who claim him really want him as much as they crave power. They want someone whose power they can conceptualize, through how much money, or how many women, or the number of superheroes they've thrown in prison. The amount of deaths they're responsible for.
“Weren’t you unconscious then?” Wanda asked.
A shadow went over him, and he opened his eyes to the back of Tony’s StarkPad.
“Fine. Maybe it can't be me,” because when did Tony ever come to Steve for help, anyway, “but maybe someone else can—”
“Do you trust me?”
“If neither of us are sleeping, I don't see why it's a bad idea.” The more Steve spoke, the more determined he'd decided he was. “Anything that's on your mind is on the Avengers' mind as well.”
Finally, Tony brandishes his accomplishment at Steve.
Tony, you’re just so—”
Tony dropped it, going back and smoothing his hand through Steve’s hair. He didn’t seem upset, and Steve wondered how many times Tony had had his advances rebuffed. He closed his eyes and timed his own breaths to Tony’s.
Steve was struggling to speak—Tony watched his Adam's apple bob a few times before he finally spoke.
“Hey! You okay there? Did anything get on you? Let me help you clean that up.”
Steve shrugged, but his face was turned, and he was blinking too much.
He was a font of knowledge, and only time could tell whether that was intimidating or fascinating. So far, Steve had found that, in short doses, Tony could be quite tolerable. And Tony felt likewise. At some point they'd progressed from a respectful distance standing behind the couch to make his crude jokes to collapsing onto it to complain about Steve's life choices. The relative silences between them grew longer and less awkward. It seemed that at some point, Tony had given up the act around Steve, and contrary to what Tony would say, that didn’t make him any less interesting. Normally, Steve would find this whole affair irritating, but it’d become a subject of deep curiosity, to figure out how to push and pull with Tony, who had much more patience for him than anyone else in the future. Steve was quite ready to be of interest to someone for a reason other than what science had done to him.
Steve saw Tony's feint, and dove forward. Tony froze, eyes wide, and Steve was ready to veer off to spare Tony's face before Tony fell. Steve paused, because he'd made sure not to touch Tony, before his world turned upside down.
“Iron Man!” Rogers shouted, and he bounded over a Hydra agent.
“Not much further I can go, with how fragile you supersoldiers are.” Carol shrugged. “We're going to need to talk to Tony, if I'm making the room shake like that. I hate to see what this place will look like after Jen has a round with it.” And when she saw an opening, she took it. “Maybe you can put in a word with him?”
Hypocrite. Machine. Monster.
Steve frowned. “What sort of things? If tech you've made has been going missing...”
It doesn’t take much prodding for Steve to polish off his slice and push himself off the edge of the kitchen island. He had caught sight of Tony earlier in the corner, looking at his phone. They’d decided on the teams and they’re both going to 2012, but Natasha’s right. This may be the last time they have a quiet moment together.
The unconscious agents were up again, all of them, within the blink of an eye. More gunshots sounded, and while they were harmless against the Iron Man armor, Rogers had crouched down behind his shield, and the men quickly realized who their target should be.
“That's it?” Steve frowned. “But there are plenty of superheroes that aren't mutants, or Richardses.”
“I’ve talked to Bruce. There’s a lot going on right now, but he says that he’ll put me into contact with Helen Cho for a consultation within the next week. We need to have the surgery performed before the Stones can be returned.”
“Theoretical?” Steve frowned.
“But”—Steve's eyes traveled down Tony's chest, stopping at his waistband—“swim trunks?”
Rogers stared at the RT, his shield still raised, and Steve felt his panic spike.
For now, he wanted to live for this second. He pressed his mouth to the pads of Tony’s fingers, before leaning down and resting Tony's hand on his forehead, stroking his palm with his thumbs.
“I—I can't.” Tony's voice was hard but brittle.
Steve doesn’t look like he’s gone twelve rounds with Thanos and his army. He looks…good. He’s clean, his hair’s styled, he’s as perfect as ever. He’s wearing their time travel suit and is holding a briefcase instead of a shield. Tony’s wearing a t-shirt and comfortable pants, himself. He has some rules to learn about the afterlife, apparently.
What was this? They’d nearly bitten off each other’s heads last night, and here Tony was, outright pleasant, teasing and joking like nothing had happened at all. When—when he had talked to Richard and looked at Steve from over his shoulder, it had felt like he’d been smug with Steve’s anger.
“He's been through worse,” Steve answered, and Rogers visibly stiffened. “He…he likes to think of it as he comes out better. Stronger. He told me once, he liked to think of it as Iron Man not just being the armor. Forged from hardship.” Did Rogers know about that part of Tony’s past? Had Tony shared the story of his captivity with him, yet?
“Steve!” Tony jolted up and slammed into the side of a dumpster. The armor let out a warning blare, before Tony sank back into the brick wall. His chest was heaving as he took stock of his surroundings.
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers asked, and Tony sighed.
Yet Steve hadn't been the gracious host to greet everyone upon entering. No, that had been Vision's job, and he'd delighted in floating up and kissing foreheads all around.
“Agreed,” Tony said. “Even if we're the good ol' Avengers, we're just the backup, here. Let's not compromise their mission by not trusting them to do their job.”
“Damn it,” Steve muttered, before the street shook with footsteps. He looked behind him, watching another ogre take a crack at a tree, before its head turned toward them.
“Well, good morning to you too. Why? You heading out?” Tony asked.
Tony blinked, swiveling his head to look at Jan. Tony stared at her his mouth ajar, and then his lips peeled back in a smile, and Steve was struck with a sickening dread.
, and she's getting fired for that—the
“The others should be waiting for us to start the debrief. Shall we?” Tony asked.
Maybe it wasn't the best idea. Maybe he should have called for Steve, first. But Tony was used to fighting for his life. Very rarely while he was still barefoot, but that's where Captain America's hand-to-hand training came in handy..
“How are you even real?” Tony muttered, sighing as Steve stroked his thumbs over the back of his hand.
The multiverse. Tony hoped, could have prayed, that this had nothing to do with the incursions, but hope really didn't count for much these days.
“Not right now!” Steve shouted as he downed three agents in three shots.
“A fully functioning time-space GPS.”
It would. Even after they’d been married, things hadn’t become idyllic. Not with Tony being Tony, and, he had to admit, not with Steve being Steve.
, Tony thinks, and the tears don't dry before they're both down to zero.
He walked out.
“Speaking of which,” Tony continued, “how are you faring? I remember how you felt back then, which is...now, for you. This isn't too much, too fast?”
“You go find your answer. Get a life just for yourself. And then come back and tell me how it was.” Tony pulls Steve’s head down to press his lips against his forehead. He gathers Steve in his arms. He squeezes his eyes shut, basking in the hug. “I’ll be here. The last time you ever have to close your pretty blue eyes, I’ll be there.”
“Whoa, okay.” Carol pointed a finger between the two of them. “Where'd this come from!? I thought you two were fighting!”
“These readings you've shown me. I'm not sure how I would have ever missed them. Is it possible, that because this isn't another universe, we aren't affected by the incursions either?” There was a tentative hope in Reed's words Tony didn't want to hear.
“Well,” Rogers continued, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. “No reason for a goodbye. I'll be back where you are, soon enough.”
“Hey,” Steve said stiffly, “Tony.” What followed could have topped junior prom in awkwardness. Steve and Tony's bodies were oriented towards each other, yet they'd mutually decided to not look at each other. Steve performed a ridiculous looking shimmy past where Tony in the doorway as he beat a hasty retreat, leaving full coffee mugs on the table and on the counter.
“Why would you want one?” Steve sat up, realizing that it wasn’t coincidence that had made Jan choose a public location, rather than coming to the mansion in the first place.
“—Cap?”
Tony takes a little step back, but he doesn’t break eye contact. Like he’s waiting for Steve to retract it. But Steve wouldn’t. He hopes the person he’s become after they agreed to move on has been enough to convince Tony of his unwavering faith in him.
They have all the Infinity Stones. They’d succeeded, or rather, no one had failed, not after hearing Clint’s story of Vormir.
“I’m not an invalid, give me that,” he muttered, downing it fast enough Steve feared it would all come right back up. For a moment, it appeared that Tony had the same thought, making an ugly, wholly un-Tony-Stark expression at the glass, before holding it out to Steve. Steve took it and refilled it, although this time he kept a careful watch on how fast Tony drank it. Tony swirled it around in his mouth, before turning and spitting it into the toilet.
“This isn’t my problem,” Tony said abruptly. “It’s yours. You judge people, sort them all into these different levels of—deserved respect. I don’t need you to sit here and talk to me, knowing that you think I’m lower than you because I like to fuck men.”
She sighed, instead, coming up beside Steve. “Why didn’t you? I know we’ve had our disagreements, but I would have been happy for you.”
“Well, to be fair,” Hank said, “I’d roped Tony into analyzing a biochemical compound from Hala, and I couldn’t figure out why it had such a strong pheromonal effect on
“I see, so you become a worse kisser the more turned on you get,” Tony observed idly as Steve rolled his eyes, going back in for a proper kiss that left Tony no room to complain. He rewarded Steve by sticking his hand down his pants, and Steve nearly fell atop him.
“None that I'm aware of,” Reed said.
“Avengers!” Steve shouted into his comm. He nearly fell off the ladder on his descent, breaking out into a run. His side ached, and he clasped a hand to it, each step sending painful shocks through it. He was heaving for breath after only a block. The pounding of his feet against the pavement, always so grounding before, had become jarring, but he pushed past it.
“Steve!” Pepper pulls him in for a hug. “It’s so good to see you.”
“Oh, lucky day,” Tony muttered, as Doc Ock tilted his head to examine them.
he tells himself. He tries not to think about the future, where the sight of a fuzzy, translucent Tony wouldn’t make his heart swell with fondness. He looks at Tony, and he doesn’t want to forget this. The pain in his chest is nothing compared to the content of his soul, where it belongs. His vision swims, and by the time Tony starts speaking, tears fall freely down his cheeks.
When it was time to assign people to groups, he had exchanged glances with Natasha before she volunteered loudly to brainstorm the stones’ locations with Tony and Bruce. Steve had gone with Scott, much to the other man’s delight.
Steve thinks that maybe, if he could see himself from her eyes, he’d think the same. But there’s a surety to him. His love is an anchor, that holds him steady. Even if he pulls it up, the weight of it will always be there.
“I know I sound like a complete bitch, but I’m the new leader of the Ultimates, and I’m trying.” Jan clasped her hands, putting them on the table. “But I need you to talk to me. What the hell do you want me to do, Steve? Let people keep on believing I dumped Hank for you and now we’re married?”
A wave of pure, startled fondness washes over Steve. His heart pounds, even as his throat constricts. “That was mostly me,” he admits. “It’s not like Vision could really eat. And Wanda never got used to having access to whatever food she wanted, I think.”
“It's not,” Steve smiled, like he was sharing a secret. “No one to bother us, because who's gong to leave here before midnight? And there's the coat room,” Steve said primly, as his hands slid around Tony's waist. Tony admired the muscles in his shoulders before Steve tilted his head at an angle to kiss. Not the right angle, but it was fine, Tony would give him all the time to adjust.
“Learn what? Kept an eye out for...what, exactly?” Steve stared at Rogers, who suddenly couldn't meet his eyes.
“When I first saw you,” Tony continued, “my first thought was: I’ve never seen a lovelier man, but me and him? Never going to work out.”
It was a high order, when they hadn’t even had sex yet, but Steve shuddered, thinking of it, knowing that his dick was entirely on-board with the thought.
“But that doesn't mean you
Just another reason to not think about it. Steve had heard the rumors about Tony's open preferences, everyone had, but there were so many other rumors about Tony, many of which Steve had debunked himself.
After he finished unwrapping the present, Tony concluded that whatever guess he could have made about what it was would have been wrong.
“You’re right. That was thoughtless of me. I’m sorry. Then, my condolences.”
She just sits next to him, in silence, before curling her hand around his shoulder. He turns, and buries his face into the crook of her neck. He wills himself not to give into the itch in his throat. That’d be distasteful. Natasha wouldn’t mind, but Steve would.
Steve's attention was all on him, all at once.
“You have another brother?” Steve said sharply.
“What happened!?” Steve demanded.
There was a diner, small and with a smoking section, across the street from the hospital. Jan bit back a retort, when she asked him to pick any place he liked, and he pointed there.
Tony was slow to relax his shoulders, and it was a more vulnerable moment than when he’d found Tony vomiting into his toilet.
“It’s not. Don’t worry, Nat, it’s not.”
at, or if it's something to do with this crazy town, or—” Steve watched as he tried to raise his arms in exasperation and fail.
“You wouldn't be wearing a ring for no reason. Especially not here.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Sam is going to chew me out for what I did today, but it worked out, didn’t it?”
But the wolf's demeanor didn't live up to its majesty. Its head was low, ears flattened back as it staring up at Tony. It moved in an awkward shuffle, tail wrapped firmly between its legs. By the time its body was fully exposed to the light, it stopped. It was trembling.
“Why should I? The first thing Fury ever told me was that there was a lot written about me, and if I wanted to retain my sanity, to not read any of it.”
Sarah stood in front of them, back straight as she searched Steve's expression. Her control was as tight as her son's. Her hand went to her mouth to hide her gasp.
“Tony’s a goddamn idiot.” And he was just as loyal back. Steve knew, even when he could barely take Tony seriously, that he was a teammate that he could trust his life to. There was an intensity in Tony that burned like a fire, unending, that Tony took for granted, like so many other things he had. It wasn’t something that was allowed to just go out.
“...Wait, who's this?” Nova's question went unanswered.
Before Thanos, he might have tried a bar, one of the few places a single man would have been found and left alone, drowning out his sorrows. After Thanos, no one bats an eye at another run-down man reflecting the state of their world. There’s only so much the heart can take, and in these times, people reach to their few loved ones remaining, or to the people whose desperate loneliness drive them to band together with anyone for basic human companionship. Those people who aren’t willing to be helped are the ones who fall through the cracks.
Tony was back in his regular clothes, but now Steve knew that if he looked under the collar of Tony's shirt, it'd be flushed bright red.
No response came. Maybe Tony really was hallucinating. He snorted at himself, before something shifted in the corner of the room.
Tony spluttered. “You want to, what?”
“You don't have room to refuse. You're getting sloppy. I can't let you run around town, co-leader of a new Avengers team, when you're barely passing combat room hand-to-hand simulations.”
Steve swallowed. “Are you okay? You're not hurt, are you?”
Sam cleared his throat loudly.
“He gave
Tony looked slightly chagrined as he exchanged a glance with Steve. “That's not much of a sampling. Things happen to you a lot. Things happen to everyone a lot. There
Tony moaned loudly when Steve grabbed his ass and pulled him in, and it was a good show, but he didn’t need to put one on to convince Steve to stumble into his bedroom and climb into his bed. Tony pulled away, and Steve panted as Tony felt his way to the bulge in his pants.
“Hey, what—”
“You know, when I inherited your title,” Sam began as Steve turned a corner.
What was important was that Tony not find out how Steve’s reactions toward him were becoming more amusement than annoyance, or else he would become even more insufferable.
that important to Tony; he'd always had his company to think about, whether it was an Enterprise or an International or an Industries.  Plus the SHRA. And the Illuminati, and the incursions, and Steve’s breath grew short at the thought. It had hurt to fight Tony, so much it scared him to think of just
Tony blinked. “Well, that's a throwback. Call me Tony.”
, and that thought crashes through the haze of the last few days. Just like Tony himself would have.
Steve thought about how nice Tony's skin had looked, even in the darkness of the simulated dungeon, and how much he didn't like it when other people, even simulated computer program people, touched Tony.
Tony nodded, grabbing for his pillow. “You start sounding like an ass when you have several empty mansions and apartments collecting dust, and your friends insist on shitholes in Brooklyn, or are convinced that the ownership of land and property is the work of dirty, corrupt capitalists cannibalizing the Earth.”
“Have you had any strange readings lately?” Tony asked abruptly. “Not related to us, but anything at all?”
“Iron Man,” and Steve couldn't recognize his own voice, bordering on hysteria. “Tony!”
“No? Nothing strange at all?”
At some point between lives five and four, after Steve disables the armor systems and throws Tony into Lake Michigan, leaving him in a sinking coffin. After Tony is dug up from the bottom of the lake and vomits like a drunkard over the Helicarrier floor, mind dizzy with anger and the closest he's felt to hatred for the other man. At some point, Tony knows that the both of them aren't coming out of this alive.
“It’s bad when it’s your money on the line!” Clint piped up.
who the Americans are sending in, now?” the agent hissed, squeezing the trigger. “Pathetic! Hydra will reign supreme!”
“Yes. It's me, Ma.”
“Yeah, for sex, not for a place to crash for free. Goodness, what did you expect? A reward for a good lay? He wasn’t bad, maybe a touch too trigger-happy. I’ve had better.”
Tony's face felt hot, but he wouldn't trade that for the gratification of being watched as he returned to work. After some much-needed adjustments to the flight stabilizers, his little moment of triumph quickly turned into a large yawn..
“Really?” Tony asked. “You’re not going to get on bended knee?”
Tony jumped, eyes snapping back to Steve's face, and Steve noted that his flush went down his neck. “Um, you don't keep anything sharp on you?”
“Right, this Black Swan you spoke of.” Reed nodded. “Does the Captain know of this?”
“You endangered a lot of people with that stunt,” Steve said.
When his doorbell rang in the late evening and Steve peered through the peephole, he found the last person he'd expect to see on his doorstep.
“I'd like to say you're not that special and we do it to everyone. But nah. We care. Don't ask me to repeat that. It's not a bad thing to have attachments to the present day. Think of this.” Tony raised the arm Steve was holding above their heads. His heart was racing so fast, you'd think he was in the armor. “As taking a shortcut.”
“When you're out of the armor, it's not about how hard you can hit them,” Steve said. “Who's going to go after you unless you're outnumbered, or they
So Steve wasn't useful anymore. But they hadn't taken his aim away, even. Natural crack shot, which was all he had going for him when he'd tried to enlist. It had also made it fun for his commanding officers when he'd scrapped his firearms in favor of the shield.
“Oh, fuck,” Sam said. Nova looked from him to Rogers.
. The wolf was massive, bigger than any other wolf Tony had seen. It was beautiful too, with golden fur and a powerful, lithe body. Tony didn't doubt it could clear the space between them with a single leap. An alpha male, if he'd ever seen one.
“Is that okay? The party...”
“We tried, but all we have to go on is the crazy chick who can't stop talking about how we all deserve this.”
Tony drummed his fingers on his thigh. “What do you think about Asia for a month?”
“Tony,” he said, his voice rough, “I'm sorry.”
Looking over the lake, it’s almost unbearable. He recalls Peggy’s words to him once, of allowing Bucky the dignity of his choice. She had such a way with words, ones that Steve only hopes he can live up to as a leader.
“Tony?” Steve swayed a bit as he stood up from the other side of the dumpster.
Sam snorted. “Figures. That guy likes to be the dramatic hero, so long as no one else finds out.”
He’ll leave a message, Steve resolves. After this passes, after Steve disappears and leaves Tony alone again to save his own wretched life, he’ll leave a message, telling Tony he loves him. And if Steve can’t survive this time, after becoming closer to Tony than he’d ever been before, than he’d ever even dreamed of, then he’ll get the damn surgery. He told Tony
“I actually would have bet you
Reed remained silent, and Tony didn't need his judgment even if it was deserved.
Rogers frowned, his surface-level impassivity gaining more cracks as he struggled between his future looking like, well, Steve did, and the obvious relief at not being quite so far removed in time this go-around. Poor bastard must be fresh out of the ice.
She doesn’t apologize to Steve. She doesn’t tell him how to fix this, or mention the surgery.
He couldn't burden him with that knowledge. Not just his mind, but his heart agreed with that.
Not that it mattered that apparently everyone else in the world had kissed Tony. Was this some team-bonding activity that Steve had never been invited to? They were all adults, Steve told himself. It wasn’t a big deal. Even if Sam had never dated in the team before, and he was Steve’s partner. Wasn’t that the sort of thing you told your friends about?
“I need backup!” he shouted into the comm. Steve covered the girl's head with the shield, prying her fingers loose so she could grip the edge of it.
“I saw the poster you have of me back at the Tower, I figured you could use an upgrade,” Steve said, and was that a smirk? It wasn't like Tony was doing anything untowards about it. Steve should have seen the newspaper clippings Tony kept of Bruce Banner, or the photos of the Chitaru aftermath on New York, because try as hard as he liked, he was still a sentimental SOB.
out until we know that we can send Hydra back where they came from.”
That was promptly followed up by a rather somber admittance when Clint said he’d never taken a family photo.
Natasha comes up next to him and touches his shoulder.
Steve swallowed past the thickness in his throat and the urge to reach out for Tony.
“You were at the best parties growing up, weren't you?” Tony leaned his hip against the desk, and threw Steve a smirk. “I mean, if you already have plans with any cute former SHIELD agents, it's fine. No need to feel obligated, just because the rest of us have no strings attached.”
The rush of post-battle adrenaline may have been hampering Tony's bodily awareness, but he felt much better than he had before he'd jumped on the orb.
Bruce and Natasha are asleep. Steve knows Natasha’s always been a light sleeper, but she hasn’t stirred through his entrance. They’re turned toward each other, hands outstretched but not far enough to touch.
More so, because more than looks, Tony, even with his guarded expression, looks… content. He hauls Morgan up higher as he watches them. Steve had once called Tony’s Earth’s best defender, and he doesn’t deny it anymore. But the sheer protectiveness that emanates from Tony’s action. Steve wouldn’t have thought it’s possible to fall more in love with someone, but he’s proven wrong here. Like his body’s fighting off the swell of emotions, his throat constricts, making it hard to breathe.
“Steve...doesn't know.” Tony's mouth was dry. This Reed didn't need to know how he'd—how his other self had supported wiping Steve's memories. Had urged Tony on, because only Tony would hesitate between picking Steve Rogers and the rest of the world.
“One hell of a last meal at the end of the world,” Natasha says as she rips off a piece of crust.
She hoped that sounded supportive enough. It was hard enough for her in the first place, but Tony deserved to not feel alone. That was always one of the roots of his problems. Tony himself was...stock still, with an unreadable expression. He let out a deep breath before turning on her and blinding her with the force of his smile.
Anyway, CPR. Steve lifted his glass to his lips, taking a slow sip.
He watched how Rogers shifted, favoring his left shoulder. He didn't do a bad job of hiding it, but Steve knew what to watch for. Steve eyed the scalemail and tights, trying to pin down exactly when he'd last worn that set. Early on as an Avenger, he hazarded, which had to be why Rogers wasn't
“I’m sorry, man, they’re big and blond, and no one can tell the difference when they’re wearing those stupid helmets.”
“It's about the Ultimates.”
“You're not against it, are you?” Tony picked up the abandoned garland; it left metallic strands on his shirt. “Happy already asked for all the boxes. Think of the symbolism. That's your calling. Avengers: new family, new home. New beginning.”
“I'm sorry?”
“The RT is—”
“Lady Luck just wasn’t on your side tonight,” Jan said, twirling a card between her fingers.
Steve's eyes were closed. When he opened at them, he took a deep breath, shuddering, drinking the sight of Tony in.
Steve frowned at him. “And what about beauty given by a serum?”
Steve stopped in his tracks, lifting his head to better hear. Another muffled sob came, and he rushed toward the source of the sound.
“Avengers!” Sam's voice came through the comms. “Report in.” After the cursory replies, he spoke again. “Iron Man?”
Tony whistled low. “A pity. You two made for a gorgeous couple. Your children would have been beautiful.” His eyes were bright where he looked up at Steve. “Want to drink your sorrows away?”
Tony goes to his car, and Steve takes the moment to wipe the saliva away from his mouth. It’s from sheer force of will that he stops his cough, but it’s not like his childhood, with his weak asthmatic body, where no matter how hard he tried to keep down his cough, so to not frighten Ma, he couldn’t help it. He’s sweating, and he adjusts his collar, but his sickness isn’t enough to ruin this moment.
“Congratulations,” Gail said. “Is your calling on us your way of warding off our anger at not telling us?”
“I like your lap the best,” Steve said.
“What about,” Tony hesitated, “a Maria Carbonell?”
“Yeah, so I should finish this,” Tony said, and he was the biggest liar in the world because he stopped touching Steve. Steve groaned in frustration, but went when Tony rolled them back over.
There’s a slight shuffle, and Morgan Stark pops out, making her way over to her mother. Morgan’s eyes are wide when she reaches Pepper, holding onto her hand.
It wasn't like Steve could have understood then, that Iron Man's guilt was Mr. Stark's. He'd told Mr. Stark that he'd given him a home, but he didn't know that it was Tony who had
“That…that I married someone who’s going to be gone, soon.” It was the first time he’d said it out loud, Steve thought, and it was a huge weight off his shoulders. It made him feel light-headed, and he wiped at his eyes.
Silence followed, and with Tony's troubled expression, Steve had to conclude he done something to ruin the moment.
Well, Tony considered after Rhodey had left, his stomach still had some butterflies, but that had gone surprisingly well. Chalk it up to holiday good will and the leftovers they had of Asgardian mead.
It was quite the sight: nine decorated, respected Avengers all craning their heads down at the dining table with identical expressions.
Tony leaned against the nearest table, sliding his hands into his pockets “Is our new chairman T'Challa delegating the emotional support to you? Well, I suppose he's a king and used to having people for that. Well, no need. Everything's fine.”
There was a soft groan as the man shifted beneath him.
Something at the back of Steve's mind implored.
Rogers looked from the shield, to Sam, to Thor, to Vision. To the kids, and his expression shut down.
“To go, please,” she told the waitress who approached them with their food in hand. Jan stuffed more than a few bills into the empty water glass. “For the excellent service.”
“You don’t even have any doorbells.”
“Well,” Steve said. The word hung in the room. Everyone was looking at him. Steve…wasn’t used to being the subject of so many expressions of disapproval.
Steve can’t look at him. “You saved us. You should be proud. You gave so many people so much happiness.”
“Congratulations.”
He remembers Tony’s hand clasped in his, and the shock that went through his body then. This feeling is different, like Steve can’t breathe. Literally, as he stuffs his mouth against his elbow and his body vibrates with his messy, suppressed cough.
Tony felt so much despair?
“Cap!” There’s a thumping on his back. Steve’s eyes fill with tears as he coughs, again and again, body desperate to expel the foreign substance.
“You believe me?” Tony said, clearing his throat and wishing he had his own water.
Steve watched him go to the coffee maker, noting the slight limp. He looked down when juice squirted on his fingers, the apple nearly crushed between his fingers.
Steve didn't know what it was he was choking on, that tasted so much like fear.
“Shit,” Tony said weakly. The faceplate snapped down.
Rogers's expression grew blanker, and Steve could understand what people meant about the Cap expression on the surface level. But whatever Rogers did to hide his emotions couldn't work on Steve.
Steve followed his gaze, looking down at himself and biting back the wry smile that threatened to break out. “You know exactly who Hydra considers worthy of their brave new world. You really think I'm with them?”
When Steve entered, he raised his head, nostrils flaring as he breathed in. Tony tried sniffing at the air too. He didn't smell anything off, but maybe Steve was picking up tricks from Logan. When he looked back, Steve was settling himself on the couch with a tablet. Steve shot him a reassuring smile.
“Oh,” Jan said, sinking back into her chair. “Just a technicality then.”
getting bigger, and Steve lifted his forearm, bracing for impact.
At the table, the man slept slumped over, face buried in his arms folded atop the surface. Just seeing it made one's fur itch. That wouldn't do. He had to properly care of what was his. He padded around the room, stubbornly picking past the overwhelming scents, until he found what he was looking for behind a corner cabinet. He dragged several furs onto the floor, shaking them out and sneezing at the small cloud of dust that created.
If Tony went, it should be on his own terms. Flashy, a spectacle, a daredevil dive into sacrifice and glory, and not a trace remaining but his renown. He’d made enough of his mark on the world, Tony would say, enough to want his life to be more memorable than the circumstances of his death.
Their foreheads fall against each other. Tony watches as a tear rolls down Steve’s cheek. Tony’s allowed to brush it away.
He hefted his light bag on his shoulder. If Tony hadn’t noticed him, then his butler would be by soon. It took him a minute to remember Jarvis was one of last week’s casualties. He winced and tried to come up with a memory of the man other than him dryly remarking on Tony’s indecorous mannerisms, plethora of vices, and poor taste.
“Let's go, Thunderbolts,” Bucky said over his shoulder. When they walked by, Steve saw a smile flicker over his face.
Steve’s heart was beating much faster than Tony’s. Steve wondered if Tony noticed. He licked his lips, and his heart stopped.
Then Tony plummeted, and Steve felt like he was falling with him.
“Tony? Open it up.”
Jan took a drink, shrugging her shoulders. Right, they’d dated for a bit a few years back, but luckily, they’d both gotten a hold of themselves and broken up.
Tony finally raised his head, and whatever he saw in Steve's expression made him smirk.
Tony’s breathing hard, and the hand holding the daffodil is shaking. “It’s okay. Steve. That’s the whole point of this whole damned thing. We’ll get them back to you, Steve. I promise. And if they don’t love you back, then I’ll repulsor them myself, you hear me? But first things first.”
Steve cleared his throat loudly, and Tony sighed.
“Huh,” Tony said, much wetter than he'd expected.
“Lead the way,” Steve said and he caught a flash of Tony’s grin as he escorted him out.
Tony said he’s doing this for his daughter, and Steve had told him that makes him stronger. Steve thinks of his words now, of letting your love for one person drive you to save so many others.
“We're not as far out as you think. I've only been out of the ice for just over a decade.” Let him make some sense of that.
“Darling.” Tony grinned at him. “You’re early. I thought I scheduled for the escort service to arrive here at dinner.”
“Even if it’s—”
“You—” Rogers's eyes slid over the armor. “You're my Iron Man, right?” Steve gaped.
“I wasn’t threatening to sue,” Steve said.
His heart’s been so awash in a gaping expanse of emptiness for so long that even here, where he’s allowed, he can’t shed tears.
Steve considers, before closing the door behind him. “It doesn’t have to be about you leaving her. Maybe Morgan just wants to see her dad who hasn’t been home in a while, no matter how important things are. Maybe Pepper wants to see her husband.”
Tony blinks another tear way. “Yes, me too. That’s love for you.”
They sat in silence, although at least Jan didn’t look at her cell phone while they were doing it. Steve wasn’t sure what room for social niceties there could be, not when his husband was across the street in the hospital, hooked up to more machines than when he was piloting the armor. Jan seemed to have picked that up, as she looked out the window and offered commentary that Steve couldn’t make heads or tails of, on the fashion of the people walking by the window. All Steve saw were low-cut shirts and too-short skirts, but Jan went on about the unflattering hems and cuts and how their money would be better spent at a tailor’s than at a high-end boutique.
She knows. She knows, how and why Steve’s suffering from this disease. Steve’s body grows ice-cold. After Natasha died, this was the one secret Steve had to himself. After Tony died, he would have kept it to the grave. No one ever had to know, but now the one person in the world who shouldn’t have to be burdened with this knows.
“Tony,” Steve said, and he reached out himself to place fingers over the RT. It was cold.
“Here,” Steve said. “Pull up.”
“Jesus!” Tony jumped. The coffee he was pouring missed the mug, sending hot coffee to splash over the counter.
“Well,
“To be fair, it wasn't supposed to. Do that. With my armor.” Tony spoke up for the first time, eyes still closed. “I'm just going to...pass out for a bit now.”
“Okay,” she finally said, after Steve had downed hers in a matter of seconds. “I get it. You don’t want the small talk. Let’s talk shop, Captain.” She stretched her fingers before reaching into her bag and pulling out a newspaper. “Have you actually read this article?”
“What, do you not like the name? I suppose it’s a touch too Power Rangers for my taste.”
Tony shrugged. “With how big my places are, being alone or not doesn’t make a big difference.”
The happiness is almost too much to handle. He’s beaming at Tony, who looks carefully composed, even if the pride rolls off him in waves. Even if Tony would never admit it, Steve would. The happiness is so unfamiliar it feels novel. How long has it been since they’ve had this?
Right as they reached it, Tony stopped, spun Steve around, and pushed him back. Steve gasped as he almost slammed into the couch, surprised at Tony's show of strength.
Tony gave him a strange look, bringing the mug to his lips. Steve could imagine it now, Richard walking in here soon, neither of their morning problems having been taken care of yet. The way they were pawing at each other, he was sure that last night they would have gone at it on the very couch Steve had been sitting on if he weren't there.
Steve cared about Tony so much that it scared him, and Tony was here telling him that he didn’t.
“...So it is.”
“You don't—don't have a little voice in your head telling you how sexy you are and how fuckable you look?” Tony muttered.
The man took no time in rushing out, not even minding how his camera swung wildly from its strap and banged against a few tables as he ran out. Steve felt an impossible headache coming on watching him go, as the supersoldier serum had nipped those in the bud.
Rogers looked sharply at him, but Steve didn't need his judgment to add to the anguish. “We'll need to use your shield.”
Until a loud crash came from nearby, and
“Don't be too wary of how I look now,” said Steve, indicating with a hand what he meant. “It's happened more than once. If things work out, I'll be back to normal, sooner or later.”
Jan ordered herself a salad and sandwich. After taking a look at Steve, she ordered for him as well. Steak and potatoes. So she was feeling charitable today.
“Steve, we have to get you out!” Tony said.
Steve lets his hand drop, like a weight is attached to it, as Tony invites them to stay for food. Steve wants to, he realizes, he wants to spend as much time as he can here, watching Tony be happy and his family adore him. He wants to drown in it.
He feels the petals prick at the back of his throat. Air isn’t going through his passageway anymore, and he sticks a dirty finger into the back of his mouth. His gag reflex reacts, and what the coughing couldn’t do, the gagging does. The fully-formed daffodil, when it comes up, is covered in spit and blood.
Then Rogers licked his lips, just a bare darting out of the tongue, and Steve's stomach lurched.
imagination, huh?”
Steve changed his angle, leaning forward, and Tony adjusted to fit. There was a flurry of movement, with wet, hard noises, and Tony had to crane his neck to realize Steve was jerking himself off.
Steve breathed in deeply. He pulled out his own phone, looking at the blank, dark screen and his reflection there. His face was beginning to get blotchy. The more visibly upset he got, the softer and quieter Jan's voice, her gestures, became. Only the humiliation of potentially crying in front of her kept his eyes fixed squarely on the screen.
“I throw a pretty mean punch, don't I?” Tony grinned, as they circled each other.
“Sam, though. He could rival you.”
It wasn't only Tony back then–there had been Thor and Donald Blake, and even Hank and Jan had kept up the pretense of secret identities. It was surreal to recall how it worked back then. Now it was second nature, to know the names of every single person under their mask. It had become important to Steve to be able to see his friends' faces.
He mostly certainly didn't imagine this, Tony in his apartment standing a few tantalizing inches away, looking at him like he could devour him. Steve couldn't stop looking at his lips, and it was odd he didn't feel more embarrassed at how much he
“Nothing but small-fry, Steve,” he said over the comms with a laugh. Steve's lips quirked up despite himself.
“You have to be fucking with me.” Steve shifted the grip on his gun, but he didn't chance firing any more bullets. When he removed his finger from the trigger, the man holding the shield peered over its edge.
Tony whistled low, heard only by Steve through his earpiece, as he descended.
He bolted upright. Steve. The room was empty. It figured that Steve would leave after he'd seen that Tony had fallen asleep. Was it Steve, who'd covered Tony with blankets? But that was ridiculous, Steve would have woken him up, or, failing that, would have carried him to the couch.
Steve thought that he was good at picking his fights where they mattered. The freedom and safety of the American people, stopping fascist monsters where they stood. Zero tolerance for hatred and abuse. Now, Steve chose to die on hills out of fear for what he could lose. It was because of Tony. Oh, Steve had fallen in love before, but it was Tony who had reached into his mind and turned it inside out, scrambled up all his emotions. It was Tony who had made Steve realize he was a coward.
“Steve, I told you it’s fine to host parties with alcohol. Carol and I had discussed it beforehand, and—”
“I thought you were working,” Steve said to Tony.
While everyone got ready, Steve racked his brain. He’d long been banned from using anything anachronistic. He had to come up with something good. Just because he didn’t approve of the game didn’t mean he could lose.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers.
“I am still analyzing the data, but between Captain Rogers's communications delay and what Iron Man and I have already uncovered here corroborates our hypothesis,” supplied Vision. “The temporal anomalies aren't specific to one area, but to the town in general. For us, Captain Rogers, you have not been using the comms since you confirmed the status of Sunny Lane twenty-two seconds ago.”
Steve's hand trembled over the catches. Rogers looked on, completely dumbfounded.
Maybe she was paranoid, but she chalked it up to her gut instinct. Carol couldn't explain to you why the universe had fallen into place around Captain America and Iron Man. But when Steve and/or Tony were hung up like this, when they weren't talking, when one or more of them was hiding something from each other, the blow-up usually took down half the superhero community around them, at best.
“but Tony told me once, to get a life. If I don’t, I think he’ll be disappointed in me. I can’t die thinking that. So, I…I’ll try. It’s a good thing he gave me a good example to follow.”
When Tony sank its hand into Steve's fur, he pushed its head up, seeking the contact. His tail swished back and forth cautiously, but by the time Tony had brought both hands to scratch behind Steve's ears, it had become a little rotor of wolf tail.
Steve didn't answer, and part of Tony wondered, hoped if Steve felt what he did. That it was the other's presence that made this easy, and kept the shadows away at night.
“Same here,” Steve said breathlessly. “It’s the same here, Tony. I'd rather have you than any other Avenger.”
“I want to get you on the ground.” Steve felt the heat rise on his cheeks the instant he heard the words from his mouth. From Tony's smirk, Steve's slip of the tongue hadn't gone unnoticed.
When they left the diner, Jan’s heels clicked against the pavement. She waved over a valet, who gave her back her keys.
“These must be
“But they're back now!” Kamala chimed in.
Steve was uncharacteristically clumsy in untangling a string of lights, like the idea of it unsettled him.
“There aren't any areas which should contain the technology, resources, or energy allotment for such an endeavor.”
Well, their idea of
Steve had assumed Tony would be the easiest to talk to. Battle brought people together in a way that not many could understand. Commiserating in shared misery seemed like the next logical step. Steve recalled the rumor mill hard at work, about how Tony had found himself a new paramour. Maybe that’s how it was in the future Tony personified. Intense, all-consuming, like an explosion, and gone just as quickly.
Tony stepped over the threshold, eyes scanning over the room, seeming to approve of what he saw of the secondhand furniture, used books, and assorted knick-knacks. Until Tony turned around, and his appreciation for Steve's collections was nothing compared to what he saw in Steve. His eyes swept down Steve's body, lingering for an inordinate amount of time on his crotch.
“Why would I?” Sam asked.
Steve’s focused on Tony though, and the part of him that isn’t in pain is singing at the sight. He’s visibly older. Instead of silver at his temples, there are streaks of it in his hair. He’s still as beautiful as ever.
Tony's skin was flushed. He was breathing through his mouth now, and it made it hard to look anywhere but his lips.
When he opened them, Tony was watching him curiously.
“Snow White was in a coma and they still count her and Prince Charming as a kiss,” Sam said.
“Hey. Hey there, boy,” Tony said softly, holding a hand out.
Steve shook his head. “Not today. I went for a run last night, instead.”
Steve rolled them over. Tony let out a high, surprised moan that melted Steve’s brain, and Steve trapped him under his body. Tony’s eyes were bright, grinning like he couldn’t believe his luck. He grabbed Steve’s crotch, catching the fabric around his cock roughly.
After the failed time travel experiment, Steve has to walk away. He’s outside of the compound feeling numb. Not disappointed, not defeated, just…moments away from accepting hopelessness. He thinks that if Sam or Bucky saw him like this, they’d be—he doesn’t want to think about it, because they can’t see him anymore, can they?
For the first time since Tony had met him, Reed had nothing to contribute. He finally sat down, and he held a hand out for his water across the worktable, seeming to forget that he could have reached it if he wanted.
Steve followed the movement of his hands, his forehead pressing against Tony's side, and Tony's stomach dropped. Then Steve lifted his head, and fitted his lips over Tony's cock.
The moment broke when Steve finished, turned toward Tony, and leaned in. Tony froze, transfixed in place by intense, blue eyes, as Steve...sniffed at him.
“Where?”
“We’re helping Loki?”
“I was wondering, actually,” Steve asked, “how you came to be a counselor.”
Tony moved like he didn’t give a care whether anyone saw. Well, why would he? Richard had seen plenty last night, and Steve’s opinion didn’t matter.
With that, he places it gingerly on the dresser, and presses the button and watches it turn on.
“It’s been at least a few minutes on my end,” Steve confirmed. “And also, I think the Hydra agents are from a little over a decade ago.” The evidence was frowning at Steve even now.
Steve’s only been in love once before, and whatever he feels now is nothing like then. His love isn’t neatly wrapped. His love doesn’t bring him simple, pure happiness, but a sense of curiosity and wonder mixed with trepidation. His love feels just like the future itself, a point he’d slowly, barely accepted years after he’d woken up, before half of it disappeared for good.
“Manhattan,” Tony said, slowly, feeling more and more vulnerable as the seconds passed. He resorted to more manual measures to confirm his suspicions. “But not ours.”
“Huh. I've never cared about that part, really.”
“Yes,” Steve finally said.
“Magic!” Thor shouted, slamming a fist against the small tray at the end of the bed. It prompted a nurse to come in and glare at them while offering a few choice words. Since being quiet hadn’t helped things along any, Steve wondered if Thor's alternative was preferable.
Carol knew Tony well enough that there was no way anything would come out of this without a push, and even then, her chances were slim. But she was his friend, so she wasn't going to let it go.
“It is,” Tony told him, and he was shaking now. “I said treat it like it's real! Ten minutes, and if you hadn't gotten me by then then it was lights out for you.”
At the end, Steve had finally seen through to him, and calls him what he is.
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers grabbed the armor by the shoulder, and Steve's temper flared, short and hot.
Peter described his spider-sense as sirens going off under his skin, rather than his ears. Tony didn't know if he could call this that. There was something else in the room with him, but...he didn't know how to describe how he knew. He sighed, turned around.
Tony raised his head, blinking. His hair was plastered to his forehead in sweat, and the hair that he kept so carefully groomed were out of place, curling at strange odds and ends.
As far as he was concerned, Tony had gone and made a mistake even worse.
Tony hated not being in control of his armor. Considering how it'd been forcefully taken over in the past, it wasn't a difficult fear to understand.
“I know things can't stay the same over ten years, so I didn't want to presume.” Rogers shrugged. “But I kept an eye out, and it's not that you're over it. I'll learn how to deal, too.”
“Let's save that for a last resort, Captain.” Thor landed with a heavy thud next to them. She swayed a bit on her feet, swearing when she saw Tony’s state.
“Right between all the disease-infested bugs and pollen and wild, rabid animals that will eat our faces off. Wonderful.”
But they worked together well, Rogers making up for his lack of experience with instinct. They were fearless and confident in a way they hadn't been when Steve was with there, and the rest of the Hydra agents were disposed of quickly.
He turns around to find Pepper. Tony’s widow, and no one would know it from seeing her. She’s elegant. Calm in the wake of tragedy, not like Steve, whose veneer always seems a moment’s away from cracking. From what Natasha would tell him, Steve’s act never convinced anyone.
, Steve thinks, watching the side of Tony’s face. His throat constricts, like his body is physically fighting the idea of it. He wants it to, to fight for one of the few things that makes sense to him in this world.
God, Tony didn't deserve this. Not when he was a traitor. Not when the only reason Steve could stand to look at him was because Tony had wiped his mind. He felt sick, suddenly, ready to throw up.
“I'm all up for that. I am up for nothing else but that, after that much foreplay. I both admire and resent your control, Steve.”
here?” Tony demands.
Steve feels the grin tugging at his lips. “Like, the food bank we passed by on our walk?”
“I’ll go get more,” Hank offered. “More cider, Tony, Carol?”
“I mean, who wouldn't want their clone babies to have a penchant for alcoholism and emotional disregulation?”
“Yeah, I have no doubts about that one,” Tony said. His expression nearly made Steve shiver.
That possibility hadn’t been lost on Steve. An out, perhaps, after getting the surgery, to be with the woman he was in love with.
Steve scanned the headline. It was the one from yesterday, with the headline plastered over the front page. After Jan pulled out today's newspaper, he noted the story had been relegated to the entertainment section.
“If you want me to.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve blurted. “I went too far.”
Both of them study the fully-stocked fridge, and Steve understands why Natasha stuck to her simple sandwiches most of the time.
“Tony, I don’t know.”
“You mean today? Or how long that’s been my morning routine?” Tony chuckled, and Steve felt like scowling. Who would drink enough to bring themselves to that every morning?
“You learned to tone it down, then?” Rogers interrupted.
Steve’s arms lock around him, sinking into him. “Okay. I trust you.”
Tony was a bit more...forceful than Steve expected, biting and sucking liberally. Steve had imagined him gentler, sweeter, more patient. But it was still
“Would explain why they just—don't—stop—coming!” panted Kamala.
drink.”
“What the hell, Steve? I zip around in a flying suit of armor and you’re acting like I should be taking fewer risks? Why are you so invested in who I do or don’t sleep with? Was your pal Bucky never allowed to go to those whorehouses back in Europe?”
“Steve?” Tony asked, following his gaze.
Bucky and Sam don’t deserve to lose Steve. He doesn’t want to say they’d never forgive him. But Natasha would never forgive him, for not moving on when she never had the chance to. Tony never would, either.
“Hey, eggnog.”
“I do.”
“You got a good team,” Steve pointed out gruffly. “Cuter than mine. All the children.
“I mean, we’re going to New York together. I’m just being efficient with my time, since you get to go to space without me.”
There was a splash on his stomach, and Tony blinked the climax out of his eyes, propping himself up on his elbows.
“Not the expensive stuff, either. It's the ratty t-shirts and undershirts, or sweatpants that I've had for years. But there's a reason I keep those around! They're more comfortable to work in.”
The team drifts apart, turn-by-turn. Carol, Nebula, and Rocket return to space. Rhodey’s needed by the government. Bruce disappears. Thor wanders off. Then it’s Steve and Natasha left, and when Natasha turns to him, talking about aiding relief efforts, the itch in Steve’s throat is unbearable, and he rubs at it with his fingers. Natasha’s expression smooths out with a slight nod and reluctant acceptance.
Realization slowly dawns on the girls, and the girl on the left gasps and starts shaking her companion's shoulder, beaming. The one standing stares, slack-jawed.
“Because, I figure the last thing you actually want the paparazzi to swarm is what’s going on with Tony. They’re like buzzards. They'll pick at anything. It can easily come to them catching onto your special relationship and haranguing Stark Industries about it. You know the instant Tony wakes up and hears there’s a scandal going on with his company, he’ll be out of that bed, and even Captain America couldn’t stop him then.”
Just as Steve was about to protest, Tony had flown away.
“No shame in losing to Captain America,” was all Tony said as they got into position. “But just like you always tell me, treat this like it's real. No more going easy on me.”
“Does the super soldier serum make you hornier faster? Or were you always this impatient?” Tony laughed as he brought Steve in for another kiss. Steve mouthed at him, intentionally making it wetter than it needed to be.
Steve's face was turned all the way into the bedspread, with a single eye watching Tony. It was a bit eerie, and Tony grew hot around the collar.
If you saw how close I wanted to be to you, I would have scared you off.”
Steve looked down at him again, at his red, wet lips. “So, that's why you were taking your time when we started sparring.”
“Which one?” Miles asked.
“A month?” A month of just him and Tony sounded…fantastic, really, but Tony didn’t appear particularly enamored with the thought.
Just another thing to be wrong about.
A Bucky and Gail he never had the chance to meet, with a child in the frame who was physically older than Steve now. They’d been adults when they’d parted, but not adults like this, with a new house and a newborn and new jobs. A fresh start. He didn’t try to swallow the lump in his throat. Sometimes, he figured, he just liked to prolong the pain.
“You’re shitting me,” Sam said, glaring at his regular flush like the cards had just revealed themselves to be Skrulls. Steve sympathized, having been cleared out by Tony a few rounds back. He still thought his two-pair was a respectable hand.
Steve didn't startle at the nickname. He hadn't been Cap for months, now, no matter that Wade still slipped up and used it every so often.
The man Tony loves is gone, in those eyes devoid of anger, of sorrow.
Tony spun around at a sound of a throat clearing. Sarah Rogers held up a hand. Tony was distinctly aware that this was the first time he'd seen her face-to-face without the armor in-between them.
By the time the man's eyes opened, blearily blinking at the ceiling, the lab was empty.
He pulled the towel off to wipe at his arms, and Steve followed the movement.
“I'm dying,” Tony said, finally. “That doesn’t mean I don’t love you.” His voice was resigned, and weary. “Maybe it would have been easier if I didn't.”
“Now, surprised isn't the term for it. But, if you're asking—no, I'm not. You were never the most practical person I met.” She smiled, her gaze gone distant. “When we were teenagers, I remember you were the most romantic of any boy in town.”
“I'm less surprised than I thought I'd be,” she said. “I'm grateful, though, that in another world my son is happy.” She looked at Tony and smiled. Tony wished she could have hated him. “I'm so happy I could meet you,” she said, and she reached out and touched her fingertips to Steve's cheeks. “If you find a way back to your world, come say goodbye first, okay? I'll have your favorite stew waiting for you.”
Silence followed, before the room erupted.
Her eyes were fixed on Steve's, and that was it, wasn't it? That look of conviction, whether it was against dictators or supervillains or strange armored men, was unmistakable.
Something must have shown on Steve’s face, because Gail reached out and clasped his hands between hers. “Steve, don’t look like that. I’m so happy for you. There were men, plenty of them, who fought alongside you, and many of them never lived to a time where they could be themselves. I’m so glad that, even after everything that brought you here, you found happiness like this.”
Steve brought his feet up to the couch, wrapping his arms around his knees and burying his face there. He was trembling, and he knew if he unwound from this spot, then that was it. The dam would collapse, and he couldn't show that. If Tony showed him kindness now, he wouldn't last.
“All right. This time, I'll get you,” Tony grinned, and his next punch was intended for Steve's solar plexus. This time, he stumbled when Steve's body slipped his arm, and in the next instant he was on his back on the floor, blinking up at Steve.
“It’s nothing,” Steve said. “How long were you in there for?”
She hadn't ever considered Steve Rogers the type of man to stick his tongue halfway down someone else's throat, which was ridiculous. Man had had several long-term girlfriends, but that was different. Different from seeing two of her closest friends having a full-blown make-out session on the kitchen counter, and it easily would have gone past that if where their hands were placed was any indication.
“What do you mean you
“I believe that ends the game,” Vision said. “They’re all clubs, and there’s the 7-8-9-10-Jack—"
Pepper studies him, before shaking her head and laughing. “This is for good, isn’t it? And to think, I spent over a decade trying to get Tony to do what you’ve decided on. But it’s not like any of us could ever change him. You never met him before Afghanistan, Steve, but none of us could have made him Iron Man. Anything he did was all on him.”
” Hank grumbled.
Jan scratched behind her ear. “Well, we got a distraction, after all.”
“Well, it's not quite that simple.” Tony came on over to pull Rogers into a hug. When they’d parted, Tony grinned. “Just the act of coming into the future has irrevocably changed the past, creating a diverging timeline that could be radically different from ours.”
The young girl was curled up next to the car, holding onto a backpack and weeping inconsolably.
“Okay,” Rogers said.
Steve pinned Tony's free hand by the wrist to the mattress and made Tony look him in the eye. “Don’t talk about anyone else.”
“Thank you,” he said. For waking up, for being Tony, for becoming a home in this strange, foreign world, each thought punctuated by another kiss to the tips of Tony's fingers.
“It's possible,” Tony finally admitted, and it felt like a defeat.
“That two alpha males in one place thing really isn’t working out, is it? What a shame. It was the same issue with Greg and me as kids. So, it wasn’t the sociopathy that drove us apart, after all.”
“Uh, I mean. Maybe we should—”
He jerked back and rolled before he could get cleaved in half, not letting himself stop and fully expecting to be forced to. His opponent didn't pursue, meaning they were holding back. Wrong move. Steve leapt back to his feet, drawing his gun out of its holster in the same motion. The man froze for a split second as their eyes met, and Steve's first shot hit his left shoulder. That didn't stop the man from deflecting the rest of the shots.
“Um, was that...”
“The Ultimates?” Tony offered.
Steve's heart skipped a beat when he saw Tony's face. “Tony!” Steve felt around his neck, the other man broken out into a cold sweat. But at least he was breathing.
meant anymore. Back at the tower? Back to the mansion?
“Then, this is a party favor,” Steve said, and shoved the present into Tony's hands.
It wasn't much of a spar as they circled each other for several long minutes, waiting for an opening. Tony was being much more oddly cautious, but that was just as dangerous as being too hasty. If you missed the perfect spot, it meant your timing was off, and letting your opponent that could prove fatal.
Steve couldn't help adding). That was only the romantic partners, too. There were so many friendships, brotherhoods that were just in their infancy, or not even begun yet. Steve no longer needed some crush on his teammate to help sustain him and ground himself in the world. Even if he saw parts of himself in the other man, there were so many things that had stayed in his past.
Steve had been happy lately in general, and why was it, when it was because of someone else, much less his
He tried to twist his body as he fell, but one leg, then the other, were pinned, and his elbows and therefore his arms followed in short order.
“Gotcha,” Tony said, and as they rose, turned in a semi-circle, shooting off repulsors against more agents. “We're going to have a hell of a time getting all of these Hydra out,” he added.
“Yes, of course,” Steve said, stepping back.
Steve took his time to back off.
“Take your time. I haven’t watched mine yet,” Pepper tells him, as she brings him in for a hug.
Tony shot him a toothy grin that didn’t feel at all like a smile. “I’m glad you think so too, Rogers. And while you’d be the go-to guy if we were building a strike team to take down the alien overlords, there're still things outside of our skillset. My people and Fury’s people, of which there is a significant overlap, have been talking. I agree entirely that we needed to be free of SHIELD and the hot water that’s international politics, but as you can imagine, it’s very hard to get out of the pockets of a trillion dollar operation.” He winked. “Not to say I don't have experience with it.”
“Don’t think about what-ifs, dear. Those hurt too much, and Lord knows you’ve dealt with enough hurt already.” She sighed. “With Bucky, I’ve prepared for it for a long time. I know it’s coming. But that doesn’t mean that whatever happens now won’t have me being true to myself.”
I have to be better, I can be better than this, Tony tells himself, like a mantra. Like Steve. What would Steve do. Because whatever Steve's doing, it's working, the more supers defect to anti-Registration, the more dissent grows among the people, desperate for any end.
They'd been friends, yes. He'd been led around by Mr. Stark at the beginning, introduced to his new world, the future and fame and luxury. He'd trained Mr. Stark in hand-to-hand combat.
Even though Steve was wearing a t-shirt and jeans, he felt exposed, put on display. If Tony kept looking at him like that it would be hard to hide just what kind of reaction it gave him.
They’re here for a reason, and there are no other options left. It’s only now, after retrieving the scepter and going to meet up with Tony and Scott, that Steve can think of how badly he wants to get out of here.
It was that note in Tony's voice that Steve couldn't shake off, as his shield sliced through a giant's arm. Even a hide that could withstand the finest smithery Asgard could offer didn't hold up against vibranium, and Steve smeared the handle against his pants, wiping off as much blood as he could.
Miles whistled low.
“You can take it, you’re a big boy. Speaking of which, do you really want to spend our last night together making small talk about food?”
“But you care so much now, about other people knowing. Why? Did you mean it, or did you just feel sorry for me, when you said yes?” Steve asked him. Or was Tony using him, but he didn't even want to voice that possibility aloud.
With a growing nausea, Steve realized, that Jan didn't know. When Tony had revealed the secret of his cancer, it'd only been to Thor and Steve. He must have planned, that evening, to reveal it to the team all in one fell swoop. For those of them who hadn't shown up that evening, that was over, the thing that Tony couldn't bring himself to face.
Rogers opened his mouth, then shut it. “Maybe you could call it a crush. Today proved I don’t know him as well as I’d like to. But no matter how young and stupid you think I might be, the truth of it is I could fall for him. And I know I want to. He's Iron Man. He's one of the best people I've ever known. The future is almost unbearable with him, I don't even want to imagine it without him.”
“Maybe Asia then. Japan? I need to see your face the first time you try sashimi.”
Steve watched the screen. “You'll really be okay without me?”
Steve didn't even smile, and Tony had to reconsider the inappropriate romantic needling approach. Luckily, he was the master of deflecting embarrassment, so he reached for the mistletoe.
Then it turns out they’re not getting out of here anytime soon, not without the Tesseract. Steve’s body is numb, heat creeping down his neck and shoulders, like he’s floating. It’s an echo of that day back in Wakanda, after Thanos snapped his fingers.
Tony smiled to himself, like he knew exactly how much the Avengers stipend was and how he-as-Iron-Man had put in a clause early on in the Avengers’ lifetime that adjusted that amount yearly to reflect inflation.
The sound of repulsors made Steve turn his head. He was still getting used to Tony's new armor. Tony was back to the familiar red and gold, but it was sleeker, shinier, newer. It seemed the older they grew, the faster Tony went. Meanwhile, Steve's fallback old man jokes had grown steadily blacker.
“Are you scared of commitment?” Tony asked. “Is that it?”
Anyway, because one of the first thing you learned as a superhero to keep sane was to stick to routine when the rest of the world was doing an impression of a house on fire, Carol woke up, worked out in the state-of-the-art gym, and headed for the kitchen.
“Well, we don't want you to have to learn it from real life,” Sam said. “There's no easy reset button there.”
“Not a bad trade-off to keep this company,” she says. “And I don’t have to endure any of the Avengers’ cooking skills.”
—Doc Ock's smile widened, until Tony stuck his tongue out—“at the greasy hair look.”
“How was work?”
Steve tried to see Tony now, without the years in-between. While he was confident Tony must look different somehow, he couldn't imagine how when Tony was right there. He could only focus on the here and now. Tony was...he was undeniably attractive, magnetic in the fullest sense. Maybe that had changed, because back then Tony had seemed someone to behold and admire, but now he was the person who would draw you in, with the promise of understanding and attention and
“You're one of the smartest men on the planet. Try me,” Steve said. He rested his hand on Tony's shoulder, running the inside of his finger along Tony's neck. Tony shivered, and he caught a flash of satisfaction flitting over Steve's face.
He was in the middle of an alleyway. It was still daytime. The area wasn't evacuated, judging from the honks of cars and the bustle of city life.
The Hydra agents didn't have the freedom to utilize their deadliest weapons due to the friendly fire. When some of them realized the fact and tried to ward each other away from the center of action, Rogers and Tony wouldn't allow them.
More entertaining with Tony, always, but Steve quickly realized he couldn't watch Tony's back like he normally did. That was what his other self was for. Who, despite not being hooked into their communications network, was holding his own.
“I smell good, do I?”
“Steve, are you sure about this?” Natasha asks for the umpteeth time, and Steve’s grip on the steering wheel tightens.
He’s thankful. For this reminder, of what he can’t have, and the reason why he can’t.
He tries alcohol again, but it’s too much seeing everyone else in the same rooms, in the same places, having the same ideas. Thinking of Bucky, and Sam, and Wanda, and everyone else who’d disappeared into dust before his eyes is too much. Grieving for Tony alongside rows of lost men feels like too much. So he tries to grieve for Peggy instead, but then he finds himself in the bathroom, coughing up scads of daffodils.
The light of the reactor glows bright and unyielding. The Avengers took the opportunity to get Tony to rest after his collapse, so he’s remained in bed with the aid of anesthesia. Maybe it’s for the better. Tony would be furious if he knew about the Avengers going after Thanos, but neither would he hesitate to throw himself behind the plan. No matter how much he said he couldn’t help, not anymore, Steve knows Tony, knows that their team is only stronger with him on it.
“What…?” Steve’s eyes snap to hers. She’s still guarded, and distant, but she stays perfectly still as she nods almost imperceptibly.
That’s not it, Steve thinks, as Tony continues to deflect. Steve doesn’t deserve the shield. He doesn’t, if he’s quite honest, want the shield anymore. But he’s looking at Tony, and it’s not about what he wants, is it? It’s about what Tony can offer him, and how he deals with that. He’s never taking it for granted again.
“There’s not much that's more important than the team, Stark.”
“Should you be out on the field?” Steve asked Tony, heading him off at the entrance to his lab. The Ultimates alert had been pulled. It was the first time they'd seen each other eye-to-eye in the past two days.
Steve stared at her in wide disbelief. She offered nothing further. Steve reached for the chair, setting it right and sinking back into it. “Sorry. I didn’t see you there. What is it?”
“Oh. Oh, so Captain America hates the passive voice as much as my high school English teachers, does he?” Tony’s eyelashes fluttered, and it was quite unfair they were so long and curled so delicately, as Tony looked up from underneath them.
“Whoa there. We agreed we were only doing White Elephant, what is that?”
He knew he shouldn’t stare at Tony at this. It unnerved the other man, having Steve observe him like a cat. Steve knew that, but he didn’t think he was capable of only looking at Tony from the corner of his eye. He demanded your attention like that. It was harmless, committing Tony’s image to memory, and it was stupidly, wonderfully sentimental to think about how simple movements could look so entrancing in someone else’s body.
think, Cap? What did you want from me?”
“Not that part.” Although Steve still didn’t like that Tony had insisted not mentioning to the rest of the team to cut it back on the alcohol on their account. “I’m sorry for making a scene with you giving me CPR. You saved my life, Tony. You’d do it for anyone.” Because that was the type of person Tony was. “Me using that for a game was disrespectful, and I shouldn’t have.”
of course anything that could disable the armor would also mean the same for its power source.
“Well, having an extensive team would be a great idea,” Reed noted. “I'm not sure if our superhero network is that expansive.”
“Eggnog? That's it? Your game's slipping.”
the choice. Not Steve, never Steve.
Tony hummed, and Steve knew that he hadn’t fooled him. He’d never been a good liar, and that was why, though SHIELD had thrown around the idea at the beginning of Captain America being a covert ops masquerading with a secret identity, they’d swiftly shelved the idea.
“I was engaged,” Steve said.
“Well, time to be heroes and get our due with the adoring public,” Clint said.
“Are we taking the wrong approach?” Tony asked. “It can't be just the issue of the multiverse.” He thought of the orange orb that'd brought them here, and the broken orange Time Gem that had left their Earth months ago.
“But there's never anything wrong with being vigilant!” Tony added in a rush.
Once his breathing had slowed down, Tony sat back with a groan.
He thinks of Tony, down in the basement level, trying to retrieve the Tesseract. He has a job to do, and someone to who he owes his life, and most of his heart to. He casts one last lingering glance over at Peggy, before turning his back on his past.
“They’ll love it,” Steve says honestly. He opens and holds the door for Tony, who almost skips out.
Rogers smiled faintly at Steve's slipped words as Steve carefully schooled his expression into blankness.
“You can go now,” Tony said sullenly.
“What do you think? Vision and Wanda might want a turn with it? Hmm, overprotective big brother isn't a bad look on you, Cap. It makes the hardheadedness relatable.” Tony reached for the mistletoe and plucked it away.
And Steve, damn him, sitting on the other end of the table for dinner, and on a different sofa during the gift exchange, and being such a good team leader that he was making small talk with everyone else on the team. Even before the kiss, Tony might have felt slighted that Steve was treating him like any other member of the team, but now it was even worse.
“I thought so. So, it’s tell people we’re not an item anymore, and then send them out digging through every marriage court in the city? What I don’t get,” Jan said, leaning back, “is why you kept it a secret in the first place. It would have been a whirlwind, but better than the effort to keep it hidden. And how you got Tony to agree to it. He was going to have the wedding of the millennium a few months ago. And in the end, you only had one witness.”
“Thank you,” Steve whispers into the empty room.
It boils down to this: a game of cat-and-mouse, and Tony is a sewer rat chasing down the alley cat.
The man looked between them both, looking more and more nervous. “I mean, if it’s an issue, I could leave. I really don’t want to get on Captain America’s bad side.”
“Daddy told me stories about you. You’re Captain America.”
“Who’s the lucky woman?”
Inspire Tony same as it did when he'd been a teenager, more like, and the delight of Steve trolling with him made Tony lick his lips. He propped the frame against the wall.
Steve stared back. “But you brought him over to stay the night.”
“What brings you here?” he asked, and thankfully Tony's eyes snapped back up to his face, fixated, but he didn't answer.
“Friend isn’t bad.” Steve gave in, resting a hand on crook of Tony’s elbow. For now.”
“One day,” Steve told him, “we should do this outside.”
“Well, the vomiting and constant complaining of migraines isn’t very attractive to most people. But I would never have imagined it’d do something for Captain America.” Tony blinked slowly at him, and his long, curled eyelashes, like a dame's, framed his sharp, blue eyes. It was a striking contrast, and Steve was reminded of the first time he’d seen a color photograph of Clark Gable, and how it’d been entrancing, how different he could look from the black-and-white films.
“Tony,” Steve says, squeezing Tony's hand. Tony winks at him as he tugs Steve along.
“You drive a hard bargain.” Tony pulls out a wad of cash. “Now, would this be enough to clear out your whole stock?”
Steve very much resents his enhanced hearing, and is about to turn and leave. But then he unthinkingly clears his throat to clear out the tickle, and Tony jumps in his chair.
“Really. I've known the two of you for a long time. I know what happens when you two aren't...normal,” Carol said.
Steve's face heated up, and he tried to hide a smile in his fist. “I'm not...I'll get over it.” His eyelashes fanned over his flushed cheeks, and what Tony would give for him to never get over it.
Steve saw Tony mouth the word
By the time Tony gathered himself enough to remember to respond, Steve was already walking out of the elevator into the common area of the Baxter Building.
For once, Tony had helped bring together a team who all liked each other. No room reading where Tony had to mediate and disperse the energy and laughter. He could take a step back if he wanted to, or needed to.
“You didn't tell me.”
“Is this work, too?”
“Tony, I can't kiss you when your armor is staring at us like that.”
Extremis feeds Tony the newslines, video and audio feeds, reports of the—the newscaster has a slip of the tongue and calls them
Steve shifted his gaze to Tony, whose face looked blank as he checked his watch.
“I miss mine, too,” Rogers said.
Tony fixes him with a stare. “Do we?”
” Nova's voice went high. Steve was mildly surprised it didn't crack.
He was too proud to admit he
“That’s what the whole cabin in the woods thing’s for, Cap.” Tony waves a hand. “Or maybe it was, once. When I held Morgan for the first time, I almost forgot how badly I wanted children, and this was a choice Pepper and I had made together. It didn’t feel like it’s something for me, or us, anymore. It’s for her. Even now, the only thing keeping me going through this is thinking about all the kids who didn’t get what she has.”
“I don’t kiss and tell, Jan.”
“Yes.” Steve takes a deep breath. “Yes, you did the right thing.” He’s blinking fast, and his eyes are shining. Tony’s on the cusp of something, a problem he couldn’t solve for years. He thought he’d given up on understanding, but his heart races with the possibility.
It still feels surreal several hours after time traveling. He has complete faith in Tony’s abilities, but that’s different from being here. He wonders if Tony and Bruce are feeling the same out-of-body experience he is, before shoving those thoughts are shoved to a back corner of his mind. He’s not here to marvel at the past, when his world was just New York, the Tower, their old selves.
In the guest room at the lakehouse, Steve has a sudden, frightening thought to crush the device. It’s so fragile, just like Tony’s arc reactor had been so many years ago. He was so scared to hold the arc reactor back then, but right now, he’s just angry.
“Can you come more than once? How many times can you come, with that sexy super-soldier serum? You...yeah, you need to try it all out, cock and ass and nipples too, if you're that sensitive you'll love anything, won't you?”
“How long has this been going on?” she asks him. “It can’t have been before the Snap,” she tells him. “Was it, someone who’s gone? Steve, you stubborn son of a bitch, you know you can’t live like this. If you really do you have it—” Natasha’s eyes are pleading. Steve figures they’re past the point of trying to paint the flowers coming up from his lungs are just a misunderstanding. His lies have always been worthless to her.
He soon discovered he wasn't long enough to drape the furs over the man. He paced back and forth, a whine threatening to escape his throat. Finally, he arranged the furs in a pile the best he could before rising up, holding his paws steady on the edge of the counter. He gently tugged at the back of the man's neck to ease him off his stool, settling him atop the furs and tucking them carefully in around him.
“Me too.” Steve can’t believe it. Tony’s forgiveness is here, flippantly given, but Steve basks in it.
For the first time, Steve saw his counterpart break into a wide smile. “Well, then I'm glad to see you're still in business, Shellhead.”
Tony had never been out to Steve's apartment before. They saw each other often enough at the Tower, where Steve was starting to spend more and more of his nights. Not to mention how many dates—or what Steve liked to think of as dates, because Tony never made any indication he noticed—they'd been on.
Tony smiles at Natasha, who offers him the appropriate praises and affirmations that she has his eyes, and his nose, and the sense of being that Tony Stark wholly possesses.
“Do you want water?” Thor asked.
“Just missing Mr. Strait-laced over here,” Clint sighed.
“That's good,” Rogers said, quietly, like he didn't want to admit it. It was easy, now, for Steve to see his past through the tint of nostalgia. But back then, he'd still had to deal with the guilt of losing Bucky, and trying to live in a world that barely needed Captain America, and didn't care about Steve Rogers.
“Well, let’s get mad at Thor first, before letting others get mad at us,” Jan snapped. “Meet at the coordinates.”
Meanwhile, Steve had been happy to hide away and “collect his thoughts and plan his short-term, achievable goals to address them” or whatever the shrink had told him. He’d even tried going through a carton of ice cream, and even if it couldn’t make him physically ill, it sure did a hell of a job of making him feel just as awful. Steve supposed that if they weren’t part of SHIELD anymore, he wasn’t required to have people tell him what his own thoughts meant and how he had to act on them anymore.
Steve allowed himself to be scrutinized in turn. What did Rogers see in him? Steve didn't know how to answer the same question, and even if he could, he didn't want to linger on it. Steve never had any good answers to that hypothetical question: i
Even if Tony never woke up…then Steve going to the Tower on that first night and picking him up off his bathroom floor would still be one of the best things that ever happened to him. No, one of the best things he’d ever done.
“Everything dies,” Reed said. “That's the natural conclusion of these incursions, isn't it? The destruction of the multiverse.”
“Well, well, look who showed up and set up shop while we were gone.”
But no, Steve thought, looking at Tony. He’d become too heartbroken twelve hours ago to keep running his hand through Tony’s hair and hoping for a response. He hadn’t lost everything, after all. And if the world took Tony away from him, there was precious little left in it worth pledging his allegiance to.
Steve can read the words hidden between the lines.
Tony told Steve that Steve wasn’t with him for Thanos, but that wouldn’t have made a lick of difference. Tony doesn’t need them. No, they need Tony. Steve wishes he could tell him that, but he doesn’t want to know what else Tony can throw at him now. The arc reactor is his armor. The arc reactor is his heart. What else is there left for him to give?
“Yeah,” Rogers said, hefting his shield higher on his arm. He turned to Steve and they shared a nod before Steve stepped forward to shake his hand.
He remembers how Pepper had smiled at Tony before he died. How she’d waited for the right moment to let out her tears. The way she’s gently smiling at Steve now reminds him of it.
Steve’s nostrils flare, and he takes a deep, rattling breath.
“Maybe you would,” Clint said, “for being high enough to marry Stark.”
“You didn't go out for a run today?” Tony asked, gesturing at Steve's clothes.
“I'd go around, checking on the Avengers. My pack.” Steve shrugged.
“Wanda put a hole in the wall two weeks back,” Steve said.
The next morning, Steve stayed in his room until the sun was high, the windows on the other skyscrapers in downtown Manhattan glaring blindingly bright. He snuck out to the kitchen and grabbed an apple from the fruit bowl that had been perpetually unstocked when he'd first started living here a month ago.
You? Being this cliché? Who're you waiting for, Helen of Troy?”
“Yeah,” Rogers said.
“Don’t give me that about how it won’t last. You deserve to be happy, at this moment. Heaven knows, I’d give so much to have you be happy, Steve.”
“When?
There are levels of fear. First is anger, outrage at
“What, are you saying you are?” Steve snapped.
Now, when Steve thought about first waking up in the future, he didn’t focus on the pain, or the shock, or the disbelief. It’d been there, he remembered exactly how he’d reacted, but the only thing that he could remember, free of the haze of distance, was the flood of information. It had overloaded his mind, and even though he’d stored away the revelations of the Internet and equality movements alongside weapons that could level a city within seconds, it had all been cloaked in unreality. His life since that point was the same: his emotions trying to catch up with the truth of what he saw and puzzle out what it made of them.
“IhavetotellJenwhere’shernumber—"
one? I assumed he was too much of a control freak to ever give that much up to someone else.”
“So if we're about ten years out,” Rogers ventured, “then does that mean the others are still around?”
“You believe what they say?” Steve asked.
“This is impossible,” Tony said. This universe was impossible. So many of his personal readings didn't work, which made sense, but what Reed showed him of this Earth didn't add up. None of Reed's research into the multiverse made any sense.
They’re sharing a single peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and Steve gets up to go to the kitchen to see if there’s any sort of protein.
Then she just had to do something that Carol Danvers excelled at. Whatever had begun the rift between them, all it meant that someone had to head it off before it got any worse. As long as there was a mission plan, Carol could go in anywhere ready to see it through.
But if he could tip Rogers off, and—no. He couldn't. They'd just explained why it was a bad idea.
Just like Steve's face looked now, he was pretty sure.
Instead, Tony leaned in, slowly, hesitatingly, like he was reminding Steve that he could stop him any moment.
With all of Tony’s attention trained on him, curiosity sparked, like he hadn’t just vomited up half his insides two minutes ago. Steve cleared his throat, heat creeping up the back of his neck. If Steve tried to play it off, would Tony call him out on his bullshit? Jan always had.
Carol, Jan, and Wanda immediately drank. No, wait, that was Tony drinking. Steve’s face grew hot. But it wasn’t just Tony, there was also Sam and Clint. And Hank, after he pondered his drink and proceeded to take a deep swig.
Tony’s head flops back when Steve picks him up. He’s light as a feather--the pressure in Steve’s chest is heavier than the weight of an asleep Tony. If he were awake though, it wouldn’t go this way. He’d be larger with the force of his personality. An awake Tony is a magnet, Steve thinks with a smile. The closer you get, the stronger the pull.
“Really.” Tony raised an eyebrow. “Is there a reason you want to be out of here at night?” If Steve had noticed, too, that would go a long way in making Tony feel better.
“We used Thor's lightning once,” Steve said. His heart was pounding in his ears. This was Tony's field, right? Solving the problem in a split-second of ingenuity.
“Cap.” Tony drops to one knee, resting a gauntlet over Steve’s chest. “Cap, you with me?”
“You're not telling me everything, are you?”
“Do you have the Infinity Gauntlet in this world? Thanos?”
“Ooh. I think it’s been a while since we last played. Time to learn all about everyone’s latest exploits,” Jan laughed. “Let’s get to it, then. Should we refill on drinks?”
After the girls depart, waving back at them and leaving several boxes of cookies, Steve leans against Tony.
Steve clasped his hands, lowering his head. For the past day, he hadn’t felt much of anything. He didn’t need to, not when he was certain Tony would wake up at any moment. But it was there now, the annoyance prickling beneath the surface. He kept imagining it, how he’d shout at Tony, how Tony would see how reckless and stupid he had been. How Tony would see how badly he’d messed this up, how he’d never do it again. It’d been the only way Steve had kept himself sane, mulling on the one way to get Tony Stark to change.
“So easy for you to say. That’s who you
“I learned he was my brother, but is that a bad thing? A new family, that I never knew I had?”
He couldn't have kept on watching. It had been difficult enough when they had been in control of the situation, but now, they had been taken off-guard, and one of them was clearly injured.
“Maybe.”
“What would make you think that?” Steve said, patting down his clothes and carefully stepping back. He had a poker face pasted on, but he was as red as red could be, and not many things got Captain America panting.
“I'll be right there,” Tony confirmed. “Stay there, Steve, and don't stare down our friendly too much.”
The hologram cuts off, and it’s like part of Steve’s soul been cut off. He realizes, abruptly, what it is. The crushing pressure in his chest is gone, lifted off with Tony’s final message. His last reminder of Tony, his last gift, that Tony loves him back.
“You’ve truly become Captain America, threatening to sue there,” Jan said with a smile so thin, it could cut. The diner had gone dead silent, and Steve kept his eyes focused on their table.
“I...had an appointment, this afternoon.”
Steve’s lips tremble as he shrugs. “I don’t know.”
“The possibility was present.”
“Are you sure?” Steve thinks to ask, and it’s a waste of words. Tony is just as invested in this as him. He wouldn’t throw away their one chance for anything less than bringing everyone back.
“Steve,” Tony interrupted. “Do you want to go home?”
Steve, accompanied by this world's Susan Richards, was soon back to check in on them. After they shared their findings with him, he hummed, kneading his forehead with his hand.
“Hi, Mr. Stark,” Rogers finally said weakly.
His apartment was far from the Tower where at least a few Avengers roomed. It was late at night, and he would have been getting ready for bed if Tony hadn't shown up. Tony looked—Steve had never seen this look directed at him before, and he felt weak in the knees.
future. That's good enough for me,” Rogers said with a nod. He closed his eyes after Tony gave him a thumbs up. There was a zap, and the spot he stood was empty.
Pepper squints at him, and he can see the realization dawning on her. “Steve, you can’t be telling me that you don’t intend to get the surgery?”
There’s a scratch on the inside of Steve’s throat. I love you, Steve wants to reply, suddenly, the idea overwhelming. I love you more than myself. I’d die for you.
Did this world not know about the incursions? That was impossible. From the data Tony had seen, it had caused changes that was impossible to ignore. The Infinity Gauntlet wasn't something you could ignore.
When he lifted his hand, the sunlight glinted off his hand, making it glow golden. Steve found himself entranced by the sight. He twisted his fingers around, looking at it, and decided that he liked the look of it.
Steve found a place on the wall beside him, looking at the wall.
“Oh, that's actually for—oh, it's fine,” Steve's voice trailed off as Carol took a long slurp. “Thanks for looking out for me. You know, I'll just make more.” True to his word, he went over to the machine and started a new batch. Which was ridiculous, he had his own mug of coffee right there, and Carol wondered whether that was his invitation for her to take Steve's too. Its smell was proving quite tempting.
He’d been young and fresh out of the ice. He’d latched onto anything that could make it more bearable. Tony had affected him so much, back then. Now…Steve didn't like someone having that much power over him.
“Tap? Really?” Tony said when Steve offered it to him.
The next time Steve woke up was to someone stroking his hair. He jolted upright.
“Hey, if you meant to make a move on me, you had a decade to do it.”
But selfishly, he wants to relish this rare, fleeting moment with Tony all to himself, where he can be honest.
And then Tony holds out his hand.
“Look at me, sounding like a TED Talk. Of which I’ve given quite a few. Baring my soul to the world. But that’s not the whole of it. It’s not just about the Avengers, but about you. Your certainty that there’s something left worth fighting for. That hope’s the only thing that got me back into this. That hope’s what going to get me to say this, because I know you, and you’re still holding onto that hope. I forgive you, Steve. I forgave you, a long time ago. Just too proud to say it, and story of our lives, right? At least, I like to think there’s something you’ve been burning to say for me for the last five years. Or maybe something from the time we first met. Maybe you left me a letter, too, in the case our roles are switched and I have to be the weeping widow presented with the bad news. Huh. And, while I’m at it, here’s something I’m sure you’ve never held out hope for, because you’d never expect it.” Tony closes his eyes and takes a deep breath like he’s steeling himself for a confrontation with Steve that could never come.
After Steve died, she'd been there with Tony, as much as he let anyone be there. She remembered, even if Tony himself couldn't remember, and that was a small blessing. Jesus, Tony, and her heart still ached remembering, the self-blame, the guilt, the loss of a sense of greater purpose. But, Tony's reaction hadn't surprised her. She knew, after all, what kind of thoughts could lead to a place like that. Before, it had led the two of them to the bottom of a bottle, that self-obsession, the accusations and faults racing through her head.
Steve didn't meet his eyes. “Your...er, clothes are disappearing?”
They had seen that in him, back in the war. A relentlessness that would not bow or budge, and they had thought that it was a great quality in a superhuman, the perfect soldier.
He did manage to stump everyone except Vision after he used the fact that he’d never had a pet.
Steve takes his sweet time replying. “I returned the Soul Stone to Vormir, and then…” His lips form the next words achingly tender, like they’re precious. “I saw you.”
“I think that we're spending enough time ironing out the differences between our universes,” Tony finally cut into Reed's excitement, which was a hard thing to do. Not that he found it difficult to understand, but it was a rabbit hole they, or their Earth, didn't have the time for. “Can you help us get home?”
“Of course. We wouldn’t be here without you. You’re the one who solved time travel.” It’s a weak response after all that, but Steve offers a small smile regardless. He doesn’t think his voice would let him elaborate more right now. “How couldn’t we?”
As the elevator opened, Steve turned to him.
Tony grimaced, not responding. “Well, my readings tell me they tried to jam me with chaff earlier.”
The tears came, more easily than they had when he'd met his mother, when Steve began to pound his fist against the wall. He was shouting, and his face was turning red. For all his beauty, he was a devastatingly ugly crier.
But then Tony would come to him and drape himself over Steve, adorably demanding in a way that made Steve want to give him, the man who had everything, anything.
“That’s nice.” It’s what Tony wanted to hear. “It doesn’t answer my question, though.”
Steve huffed and continued his exploration of the box's contents.
Steve knelt down, pinning Tony's chest with a knee, just enough to keep him from moving.
“Steve! Steve, no!”
Despite himself, and the incessant worry over Bucky, Steve was overwhelmed by the old, focused rush of exhilaration. He held back a grin. It had been months since he'd last fought side-by-side with others, and that was back when he was his usual body. And the last time it had been with Tony, just the two of them, would that have been—Madripoor?
“Have you talked to him at all?” Natasha asks.
Steve snorts. “You know, it stings more when you’re the one insulting it instead of me.”
Steve hummed. He'd figured as such. Tony hadn't mentioned having to stay late tonight, so when he hadn't shown up before the sunset, Steve figured something had come up.
“Roger, Cap,” Steve said only after everyone else had affirmed Sam's orders.
“Ah yes, to the love of your life,” Tony said.
The issue would be reaching the pouch on his utility belt, but if Steve could rub his hip against the wall, maybe he could dislodge it...
Steve wonders what went differently there. He wonders what in that other branch is capable of changing him.
He sat up, his vision tunneling. “Isn't just us, enough?” he asked. “We don't need other people to tell us what we're doing is right.”
“Oh, that's where you went off to.”
“Really? Even between you and Steve?”
That wins him a small smile from Steve, who shakes his head and rubs his thumb at the corner of Tony’s eye to catch the stray tear. “Hey. Hey. Not you, too.”
Oh no. Tony. Steve's eyes widened. He only took the second to pick up his shield before he sprinted out, on a beeline straight for Avengers Tower where Tony would be getting a nighttime visitor any moment.
Steve moaned as Tony licked into his mouth again, and attempted to steer their way to a flat surface. The bedroom was a bit too far, so they stumbled toward the couch.
“You can come out now,” he said. “I'm tired of not knowing what's in my own mansion. Or my own head.”
Tony's gaze flickered over to him, and Steve blinked, suddenly self-conscious at being caught staring. At least he wasn't doing any worse than his other self, with Rogers still struck speechless. Steve peered at him. He hadn't been
“Welcome back, Bucky.” Steve brought him in for a hug.
People couldn't exactly walk into the lobby of Baxter Building and gain an audience with the Fantastic Four. Most people wouldn't bother, not with the building being a lightning rod for attacks, accidents, and every other sort of destruction.
“On stun,” Steve replied, watching from the corner of his eye as Rogers clipped an agent on the chin with his shield.
He knows what her answer is. Loving Tony is worth the pain. All of it: emotional, physical, like a rendering of his soul. It’d be worth his life, part of Steve still believes. But he can’t save Tony. He has to leave Tony’s memory to everyone else who loved him. There’s enough love in the universe three thousand times over for the life of Tony Stark, and what is Steve’s love for him in the face of that?
“Well, you’re going to have to carve out something for yourself.”
“We're ready,” Reed said, and Tony nearly jumped out of his skin. Steve smiled at him, before clapping a hand on Tony's shoulder.
Steve's body slowly relaxed, the tension seeping out as Tony smiled at him. Steve was red, and he rubbed his face, before sighing.
“No, I don't think there's anything wrong with you. There have definitely been...things...that I've noticed, but I don't think they're so different from myself.” A penchant for pessimism? Considering the only
“Tony!”
“Why? He made it for you.”
Humanity is always fascinated by tales of tragedy. Of suffering through pain, of chasing something impossible. The beauty of unattainability. It takes a year to reach this point, but Steve doesn’t think of it as sad anymore. As a toll on his body, as beautiful suffering. He doesn’t dwell on the pain, or the sadness.
“There are many of them who work alone, true. Spider-Man, and Daredevil, although the media isn't so kind with them.” Sarah seemed taken aback at Steve and Tony's bewilderment.
“If that simulation was too much for you, we should probably take it off the rotation,” Tony muttered.
“But I wanted to drink,” Steve said. “Everything else drank, and it was—” He wanted to take a drink about it, and laugh about it, and answer Jan’s questions and laugh more about it. He wanted Tony to share in that laughter.
“You’re not listening to what I’m saying.”
The Steve here was in his current uniform, with the Avengers “A” and everything. Still the same slogan, though, and maybe “I want
The relief makes Steve sag. Tony’s there, arms around his shoulder. Even Steve’s body takes pity on him now, because for these few moments, every lungful of air is fresh and clear and not racked with pain.
“Well,” Tony said, eyes going from Steve’s face to his hands, where his fingers were twisting around each other. Steve placed them flat on his knees.
Tony couldn’t seem to decide on how to react, and Steve smiled.
She’s as beautiful as he remembers. Maybe even more beautiful, as the head of SHIELD, a reassurance of her place in the world that she fought so hard to attain. The fierceness and defiance isn’t as prominent, but she’s assured of herself and has as high expectations for her world as she does for herself.
When he said it, Jan sighed, like she was talking to someone much smaller than Steve was. “Steve, you volunteered to become a supersoldier. One of a kind. And apparently decided to marry the person whose dirty laundry was being aired to the whole world before he even learned to walk. What were you expecting?”
“Tony,” Tony repeated, then smiled widely. “Right. Can I come in?”
“That’s im—” impossible, Steve wanted to finish, before shutting his mouth. But it was, the wrongness of it, of Rogers thinking that whatever he had with Tony was somehow
Doc Ock had stopped moving, and a robotic voice came from him instead. To his relief, Steve noticed the tentacles had frozen in place, although they were still framing Tony.
“Your gun is—” Rogers started.
“Do you want me to agree with you, when you say things like that?” Was he supposed to say that none of them compared to how beautiful he saw Tony? Or was this another one of those kinks, that Tony wanted him to indulge, and Steve didn't know how well he could do with this particular one.
Steve couldn't say he had ever enjoyed doing this as he picked people off. He wanted to feel more in control, more connected. Maybe that was why being the Unity Squad's handler had worked out so well.
“Excuse me?”
Steve hadn't seen a Hydra agent around for the past several minutes. Considering how everyone else sounded, he was the exception.
They stand together, watching the sunset. By the time it’s dark, Pepper gives him a flat disc. Just like the hologram message they’d watched earlier as a group. Much as Tony liked to pretend otherwise, he was a sentimentalist at heart. There’s a disc for each of the Avengers: him, Bruce, Thor, Clint. There’s even one for Natasha, and Steve presses his palms to his eyes to stop the onset of tears.
“Well, it might be good for you. You—you may be back on the market sooner than you thought.”
They fell back onto the bed, Steve's arms bracketing Tony. Tony took the opportunity to look his fill. Steve's cock bobbed between his legs, and Tony studied it. It was dark and of a fair size. It'd fill Tony up nicely, from either end, although Tony wasn't sure they'd last all the way until there tonight.
“I don't think I can do that,” Steve laughed. His breath was warm and wet against Tony's collarbone.
The first person he tells finally answers the door after the third ring.
Pepper bites her lip, but she doesn’t say anything. He comes to the awful realization that she understands how he feels.
Which was when several dozen Hydra agents dropped down on them. From the sudden frenzy that broke out over the comms, it was a shared experience.
“Any ideas?” Steve continued to experiment with how far he could reach from his position. “Tony?”
The smile breaks over Steve’s face at Tony’s barely restrained excitement.
“What? No, you just sent it!”
“Easy now?” Tony's voice was gravelly, dropped an octave lower, and now that he was literally between Steve's legs, there was no stopping the sensation that sparked in his groin.
“Just like you look out for him?”
And okay, there was a reason Steve made the calls for the team, because there was no way this display could have been made in polite company. Steve's kisses were as intense as their first, but now their bodies were flush together, and their hands could go anywhere.
Even in the middle of this sterile room, with its bright lights and unnatural smells, their nest felt like it belonged to the coziest den. Home. He wiggled closer, the easier to bury his snout in the man's neck, panting softly, tongue darting out to catch on the rough bristles of the man's fur covering his chin. He curled his body, the easier to nestle next to his mate. That idea made his tail thump uncontrollably against the floor.
“So do you—” Steve cut himself off abruptly. Tony made a high-pitched hitching noise, raising an arm and aborting the motion, his equivalent to flinching.
Tony didn't answer.
Steve thinks it’s all a load of crap, and he thinks he gets more of a say with his lived experience. The idea that he, out of countless others who’ve experienced unrequited love, is the one to suffer from the disease doesn’t surprise him anymore. His life is a series of improbabilities.
does that asshole think he's doing?
Steve lets out a low, agonized sob. He reaches out, tugging at Tony’s hands until they’re chest-to-chest. There’s a second to pause, ask for permission, but that moment passes when Tony puts his palms against Steve’s cheeks.
Then why did Tony want this so much? Was this his way of going out with a bang? Of ending things?
“Well, either you’re going to have to live with me bringing people home for sex, or you can take that offer to sleep with me.”
“My ants are not
“After we figured out that we weren't supposed to be looking at this like a multiversal problem, it wasn't so difficult.”
“I thought you were fine?” Thor asked.
The ogre howled, stumbling forward, and Steve fell to the ground, feeling his shoulder give out when he smashed into the street.
“It’s half the universe, Nat.”
“But…he did all of this for you too!”
” Steve shouted at Rogers, who jerked back, pulling his hands away.
“The Avengers don't exist, because you're not in this world,” Steve told him. “Isn't it obvious?”
A chuckle came from behind him. “There's always your bedroom, if you need a place to sleep.” Steve smiled at him indulgently, but going back to his bedroom meant leaving Steve here, and Tony was sure that it was Steve's presence that was making his eyes droop comfortably.
The fur loosened and shortened beneath Tony's fingers the more he pet, and he had to back up and lean back, as the wolf grew taller, its snout and ears shortening. It was one of the most surreal things he'd ever seen, and by the end of it, it wasn't any less surreal, with his hands resting on the face of a very naked Steve Rogers.
“You talk about working on your armor like it's a book,” Steve laughed.
“You don’t need to worry about that, Cap, you have enough on your mind.”
Tony's eyes flitted between the present and Steve as he hefted the weight. Surprisingly light for its size, so probably not a gag gift. Not that he knew what to expect from Steve at all. “You alright if I open this now? I'm asking for formality's sake, because I was going to go for it no matter what you answered.”
Tony let out an affected sigh. He let go of Steve’s shoulders and eased him into a sitting position before framing his hands around Steve’s face. “I don’t know. You’re going to have a lifetime of opportunities to prove me wrong.”
He fell uncharacteristically silent as he studied Steve. Steve kept his face carefully neutral, just as Tony kept his voice carefully casual. Steve thought, maybe, that Tony was puzzling over him just as much as Steve always had for him. It made Steve want to preen somehow, stumping even the worldly genius.
“Well, I couldn't very well program
“It's not the past, not here. And I'm sure the FF of this world's great, but wouldn't you rather spend your last few hours here with her? Didn't she say to go back to her, before you left? The Captain America I know doesn't break a promise like that.”
Steve frowned. It would have been easier for Tony to aim his repulsor at Steve's shield, catching them all in the arc. That would have been their next move, if Steve were there in Rogers's place, without any words needing to be exchanged.
“You don't understand, Steve. We tried. We
“You shouldn’t handicap yourself by covering me.” Much as he cared for his pride, Steve wasn’t going to compromise the mission. He jerked his chin up. “Here, now, take me up!”
“We weren’t.”
“I'm sorry,” Steve began. “It must be difficult, knowing that there's nothing of you—”
“I’m happy for you, I really am.” He’s not lying, but his body punishes him for telling the truth. The entire universe punishes him for wanting to do right, it feels like. He has to stop to gather his breath, as the scratch in his throat becomes unbearable.
“I’m sorry!” the man, no, he couldn’t have been more of a kid, struggled, and Steve pressed his hand harder against his chest against the dirty floor. “I’m sorry!”
Rogers snorted.
“By the way,” Rogers muttered. “I gave Tony a vial of my blood. He seemed to think it could help reverse the effects of the deseruming.”
He was too kind, and Tony couldn't stand it. He'd failed the Avengers. He'd failed Steve. They were supposed to help protect the world, and all that'd happened was its destruction, and the rest of the multiverse with it.
“Everything’s going to work out exactly the way it’s supposed to. I love you 3000.”
The first person Steve revealed his secret to was a stranger. He didn’t think the nurse on night shift deserved to know, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He’d brought proof, too, to counter any skepticism, because he didn’t make plans that failed.
“It's not their fault. Look at me. I have Captain America coming to my doorstep and cleaning up my shit.”
But Tony's training simulator had allowed him to remain sitting. It was a bad oversight for their simulated villain, who had apparently thrown them into a dungeon, complete with the dank smell of dirty water.
Oh God. Don’t tell him he failed Steve too, and that’s why Steve’s here. The whole point of snapping was that only Tony would have to make a sacrifice. Strange told
That changed something. Gail nodded slowly, uncomprehending, Steve thought. “I see.”
Steve pulled back his cowl. Even more people were staring now, some in appreciation and some in wariness of the superhero unmasking himself. Tony didn't blame any of them.
“I would hazard a negative, Spider-Man,” replied Vision. “The plan should have been to displace the town's population all at once. Luckily, the preemptive evacuation of the town prevented such a course of action. Now, they have to be pulled through manually instead of all at once.”
“It was very stupid,” Clint sighed. “We were arguing, back when we were in LA. But well, he helped get me on the team, so I figured I couldn’t punch him. So, I kissed him. Like a really dumb game of gay chicken.”
Tony makes to leave, and Steve can’t see him go. He grabs onto his elbow, and a surge of electricity runs through him. Tony looks at him with wide eyes. Steve wonders if he feels it too. It overrides everything else, the suffocating feeling that threatens to take over every second he spends here. He feels alive, vitalized. His throat is protesting, but he manages to keep his voice even.
Tony showed up to the gym just as Steve asked him to. He had on a black t-shirt, sweatpants, and, most importantly, no tech.
“Why are
“Ah, Avengers, it's so good to see you just the way I like you. You thought you were so much better than me, but look who's gotten themselves all tied up!”
“I watch
A full-body shudder overcame the creature when Clint's arrow caught it in the orb. The sound came like fire crackling, before the arrow exploded.
“It’s Tony,” she finally says, staring at the wall. “Isn’t it?”
the tapes, Tony.” It was his duty to keep track of his team's training.
Oh thank god, so this isn’t the real afterlife. Tony allows himself a small smile. Wherever he goes next, he’s going to have a lot of exploring to do. He looks forward to it.
“And you shouldn’t tackle someone who isn’t a threat, no matter how annoying they are. You’re a supersoldier, Steve. You’re not a scrawny stick who can’t make it up a flight of stairs. Lay a finger on someone, and the assault charges can come flying.”
“Yeah, yeah. You too, Stark. You too.”
Steve couldn't remember the last time he and Gail had sat down together, just the two of them without Bucky as a buffer, just to talk. It had to have been before the war; the few times they had met during the war, they’d been interested in more than just talking. The thought came with an odd mix of guilt and nostalgia, but then again, almost everything else about the Barnes did that to Steve.
“Hey, if you need help with working out the kinks in your simulations, I'm always free. For you.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, Steve. For me, everyone loses to you.” Tony’s smile was honest and bright. Steve’s heart skipped a beat before resuming, rapid and alert.
“I ate the sandwich from the vending machine.” The bread was soggy and the cheese and vegetables only served to differentiate between textures of barely edible cardboard. It was embarrassing, how easily he had become used to luxury and the finest ingredients. Today, though, he doubted any number of Tony's favorite Michelin Stars would have offered more.
“Well, you didn't want to get caught. I understand,” Tony reassured him.
“If they can come in that fast, they can leave just as well. Not our problem right now.”
“You're breathing pretty hard. Let's call it a day?”
Maybe he'd slept in and missed it, which explained the uncharacteristic restlessness. He was much more interested in picking at his fingertips than the two untouched coffee mugs in front of him.
Right. Steve took a stance, and Tony mirrored him. “Okay, first things first. Hit me.”
They shouldn't have come here. Multiverse travel wasn't as potentially catastrophic as many things they did, but what-ifs made everything more than probability and possibility. What-ifs didn't leave you. What-ifs consumed you. The worlds where things had turned out badly made him guilty, and the worlds where they'd turned out better were worse.
“I was in the middle of a conference call. I can't just drop that to say bye to Steve.”
them.”
Steve shot up, his heart racing. The too-small visitor’s chair toppled over. Jan had backed up to the opposite wall by now, hands up.
Tony stopped in the middle of a spin and, after a moment, raised a hesitant hand.
“Of course I don't!” Steve admitted. “I never did. But that doesn’t just mean I can get things however I like them.” It wasn’t like he could tell Tony, admit to Tony and ask him for something just for the simple factor of
them? They were founders, really, they should be better than that. Even if supposedly the founders had no compunctions about doing anything with each other, except when it left out Steve.
Steve's fingers wrapped around his wrist, tugging it effortlessly to the side. His thumb was pressed right to Tony's vein, and Tony's insides gave a little belly flop.
“But who am I to refuse another Captain America training course?” Tony asked when he switched sides. “I thought that was a once-in-a-lifetime sort of deal.”
At some point, a new nurse came in, startling Steve out of his light slumber. Even though the nurse had to lean over Steve to check Tony's bandages (they were clean) and for signs of response to visual and auditory stimuli (Steve had done it himself, earlier), he didn’t ask Steve to move. Tony didn’t stir, either.
“We're a unit. That’s what you wanted, when you proposed to him, isn’t it?”
“Second place isn’t bad at all with this sort of competition,” Tony said.
“You don’t want to be a cheat?” Tony asked. Steve let go of Tony’s hand, only to curled his fingers around Tony’s hips.
Once, the idea of Steve being sued was laughable. But now, the name Captain America didn’t bring as much goodwill as it used to, ever since Americans had to come to the uncomfortable realization that Steve Rogers existed under the mask.
“I'm sorry?” Tony said, turning back to look at him.
All he can think in shuttered relief is that the flowers grow down the passageway to his lungs and not his stomach, so that he doesn’t have to humiliate himself with vomiting in front of Tony.
“That was a good one,” Wanda said, patting Vision’s arm.
“Tony,” Steve said, kneeling down next to the armor. The lights were off. “What did you
They lose it in South Bend, where they set off a fault line when Steve blocks the unibeam with his shield.
Tony was thoughtful as he took gulps from his water bottle, stopping with a loud sigh of relief. “It really depends on how evil-slash-incompetent the attackers are, but I'd say within ten minutes if I'm in the city.”
. You're just lucky my brother-in-law is more forgiving than me. Reed's lab is this way.”
For the first time in weeks, Tony took the reassurance to heart and could relax.
Steve had suddenly found the floor the most fascinating spot in the room. “Him?”
“Well, yeah, but you’re loyal. To a fault, some would say. And Tony, who’s the most charming, people-pleasing, loneliest man I can think of, could appreciate that.”
“You asshole,” Sam greeted from behind them. Bucky snorted, shifting her in his arms.
“Bed, then,” he said, taking Steve's hand. “Back to the basics, right?”
“I'm fine. Just shut down for a minute.” The faceplate slid back, revealing Tony’s face. As flippant as Tony sounded, it was clear his words didn’t match his expression.
Steve's nails couldn’t get the grip they needed to push away the gravel, and he ripped his gloves off, digging even deeper. The GPS coordinates blinked uselessly on his communicator, zeroed in on this spot. It felt like an eternity until he hit metal instead of rubble.
“But was it the right thing for you?”
Tony picks up the fully formed flower gingerly, which should be an oxymoron with the gauntlets on. Steve can’t bear to look back as Tony’s eyes bore holes into his soul.
In this world, the Infinity Gems didn't exist, and even if Reed didn't believe in absolutes, it was the world safe from incursions.
“That is a possibility, that Stark's absence, as your team's benefactor, precluded the Avengers from being formed,” Reed said, his head next to them while the rest of his body remained at his work station.
Generations upon generations of old wives’ tales turned into its own sub-field of philosophy. The evolutionary perspective on hanahaki disease posit that it’s the heart—the soul’s immune system. The disease is symptomatic of the body’s rejection of something dangerous and its attempt to expel it from its system. The danger, of course, being unrequited love. Love can be an inconvenient barrier hampering people’s impulse to reproduce, and none more so, the theory states, than unrequited love. If, by nature, your love will remain unrequited, and your love will be unconsummated, then the body tries to physically get rid of it.
That was too far a thought. Really, the man was trying to drink his misery away, and here Steve stood, contemplating the idea of his unhappiness. It seemed, sometimes, that the only emotion Tony didn't fake was his anger. Steve didn't understand him. From the way that Tony had explained his cancer and impending death, with a light air and a lighter, daring smile, he didn’t want to understand him.
Steve shook his head. “It’s not just that. Even…even if—when he wakes up. He has a tumor. In his brain. They can’t operate on it.”
“I'm getting to that point one day,” Tony said, spreading his legs wide. “I've had way too many clothing mishaps in closet rooms, and not the fun kind.” His torso bobbed a little as he attempted to reach his foot. Steve's eyes followed the line of his leg, straight to the center of the V they made, and then looked back up at Tony, who'd been watching him.
“Stark!” Steve was next to Tony in an instant, dropping to his knees. Tony met his eyes, but his gaze wasn’t focused. His mouth was slightly ajar, and at its corner something wet that Steve didn’t want to think too closely on. He was dressed in an open bathrobe, and the ends of the belt trailed along the floor. There were deep bags under his eyes, and he was pale, so much so that Steve wanted to bring his own hand up to his cheek, just to check the difference in their skin coloration.
Steve shook his head. “But it's a close thing.”
Steve waited for several moments, and part of him was ready to barge into the bedroom and—and what?
Tony scoffs, but there’s no heat to it. “I already made a big deal out of my goodbye the first time around when I came to the compound. Said that Daddy’s off to do some Iron Man things and save the world. Morgan was pretty excited about it, all things considered.”
“Don’t worry. One of my friends is dying, and you’re going to tell me to
“Thank you,” Steve said. Before Tony knew it, he was brought in for a brief hug, and Tony thought the breath had been knocked out of him.
Steve grit his teeth, and resisted the urge to throw the remote through the television screen.
“Carol!” Carol let out an oomph as Tony squeezed her tight. “Carol, Carol, Carol.”
Steve studiously ignored Tony, like he still thought it could worked.
“Maybe, but you'll be happy with him, anyway, won't you?”
A scandal, was it? Tony had joked, that the best thing Steve could ever do for the country was to get Stark Industries’ stock prices to rise so much that the rest of the market went with it. Everyone would love him then, and the next age of prosperity would all be thanks to what was in his pants.
Like that, Steve’s appetite for pineapple pizza is gone.
Their first kiss as an engaged couple ended with Tony becoming too enthusiastic and both of them toppling to the floor, but of all of them, it was Steve’s favorite.
Jan wondered. “Ah well.”
was when Steve had lost Tony, back during the incursions. She'd never seen him like that, teetering on the border between rage and grief. She loved Steve dearly, but he wasn't the easiest person to read at the best of times, and it had all been much easier to watch your words, and far easier to avoid him altogether.
A singular gasp from behind him cuts through the solitary calm. Tony’s heart is pounding when he turns to see who’s here with him at the end of the world.
“Now you’re stuck with me,” Steve said.
“You must be quite big names in your world, if you have Mister Fantastic on call like that,” Sarah had said at the door to her apartment.
“Still.” Steve cleared his throat, every bit of exposed skin burning up.
“Go.”
When Tony had said that the first time, back in that bar, it had filled Steve with a sense of awe. The feeling was so much that it even made Steve’s throat choked up. This time around, hearing it, Steve felt uplifted. A swoop in his stomach, like when he flew with Iron Man.
“And my shield,” Steve added, unsure. Upon checking, he realized Sam had used the private comm. What did he want from him?
Steve’s eyes light up at that, and he tries and fail to hide his smile, wow, is that a rush to see, like staring at the goddamned sun.
“RT,” Steve said tersely. “It powers his heart. And the armor.”
“The Avengers count to
Steve turned around. The heat was gone, replaced by something fearsome in its chill as he watched the gunfight on the screen. “It’s your place. You can take home whoever—whatever you like.”
Or not—maybe if Tony hadn't been so cavalier on his own for so long as Iron Man, he wouldn't pull stunts like he did now.
“C’mon,” Steve growled. “Tony. Get on with it, already.”
Reed's fingers flew over the keyboard. “There's no one with that name either, as far as I can tell. Perhaps there were different marriages, a break in the timestream generations back, and neither of your parents were ever born. This is fascinating.” His eyes were bright. “Please, tell me more about your other teammates?”
“Now that we know what we're trying to accomplish,” Tony said lightly. “I think we just need time to modify Reed's time machine. Why...why don't you go call on your Ma again? I don't imagine we'll be done that quickly.”
Years pass. They want Captain America to contribute to the recovery effort somehow, to lend his face to the world’s healing. Steve doesn’t know what he’s done to help, until he sees a flyer for a support group at the VA center. It’s not just for veterans, of course. But when he enters, the entire group turns to face him, and Steve feels a little guilty that he’s taking the spotlight away from others, or from the counselor who’s actually there to help. Steve’s…Steve’s just here to be helped, he thinks. But the others hang onto his every word, no matter how forced or contrived they are. He still doesn’t know how much he can share. He remembers his painful adjustment to the future, where he believed anything he said, any pain he shared, would make others uncomfortable. But then again, keeping his feelings all to himself did the same thing. The few people close to him were concerned with how much he hid away, how little he opened up. But the people at Steve’s first support group, even with his fumbling words, had nodded, affirming with gentle words their shared pain.
“I don’t know if I can. I don't know what I’ll do without him,” Steve admitted. It was a stupid thing to say, to the woman who’d lived most of her life with her best friend, when it'd only been a few months for Steve. Steve was happy, comfortable, even. He was also —
“Okay,” Tony said airily. “Then, I'll think of better names for what we are—can be.”
Steve took several deep breaths. “A-and now?”
Rogers was immediately on his feet, shoulders as tense as a bowstring at the Avengers' arrival.
“I mean, now that the wedding is already over, there’s no need for this type of secrecy. Everyone gets hyped up for the wedding, not for the banality of married life and hand-holding.”
Luckily, Steve was still wearing his regular clothes, but his shield was long out of sight. There were no other obvious ways out, but Tony still had one of his repulsor gauntlets. It was only a matter of time if they were working together.
“Never Have I Ever?” Carol said.
“It'd be much easier if it was her and not Achilles, right?”
Steve looked up at Tony for the first time since they'd met Sarah, frowning.
better than I do,” Tony said airily, when he remembered details from years’ worth of outings with Steve with no issue. Steve twisted his fingers around each other, his skin hot and clammy, and he fancied himself sickly for a moment. Anything to get out of this.
Tony took a few breaths, and there was a flash of white as his tongue swept over his lips. “Jealousy doesn't usually do it for me, but you could convince me otherwise.”
been a while since they've spent time here together. Steve had his own apartment, and he had missions for SHIELD that couldn't be disclosed to Tony. It was a long time from when Steve had come out of the ice and before he knew Iron Man's true identity, when they'd pass sleepless nights together talking in the mansion common areas or the library.
Well, Jan should have damn well started with that if she wanted him out of here. She didn’t have to try to be kind and understanding. Steve’s movements were stiff when he stood up from the chair.
“You're joking,” Steve finally said, and neither of them believed it. “Why...why would you tell me this?”
More theories exist on the origins of the hanahaki disease than there are verified cases of it throughout the whole of human history. Those explanations aren’t interested in the
“What do you want us to do?” Thor said. “Send a group in after him?”
Steve held his hand out for Tony to take. “I wouldn't dream of it.”
“You don’t have a reason to say sorry,” Steve says. Tony loved her, and she made Tony happy. She’s the last person who should apologize.
“We’re working on that right now.”
Tony's eyes were sharp and curious. “So”—his voice was hoarse—“that really was you, this whole time, wasn't it? Talking to me?”
“Or Europe. South Africa? Anywhere you’d want. A month on a private island, with a mandatory nudist beach,” Tony added with a wink.
Steve looked at his ring, heart pounding, and slipped it onto his finger, before pulling his gloves on and rushing downstairs.
watched all of the simulation room videos,” Tony told him. “Adrenaline running, sometimes you just really need to give yourself a hand. I thought you'd caught me deleting the proof earlier, but that look on your face says otherwise.”
That was a new one, and Steve didn’t know if he liked the disclosure of team fraternization for…for sport.
Steve crouched down again, peering over the edge. The Hydra agents on the ground didn't have the time or focus to aim at him, although there were some very wide shots sent overhead. He had his distraction to thank for that. And what a distraction it was. Rogers punched, kicked, and swung his shield his way out of any crowd that tried to surround him. He was still favoring his left shoulder, but Steve doubted anyone else would have been able to tell.  Tony provided aerial cover, weaving in and out effortlessly. Time traveling robot to Hydra, maybe, but brilliance in human form was more impressive to Steve.
“Armor back online.” The wheeze came through the comms.
“Yes.”
“I’m just…distributing my funds for the future.”
Steve held onto her hand, and she looked like his whole world. Tony should have known that Steve was a clingy mama's boy, and a lump formed in his throat at the scene. Suddenly, Tony missed his own mother more than he had in years.
Tony’s words break through the haze, and Steve can focus again, like a switch has been flipped as Tony zeroes in on Plan B. Steve can imagine the gears working with each shift of Tony’s expression, far too fast for Steve to do anything but watch.
Clint, Sam, and Hank also took their drinks, and Steve’s brain shorted.
“That I am.” An unaffected Tony did an entirely unnecessary loop around them before he landed besides Steve, who resisted rolling his eyes upward. “Glad you know who I am.”
“Pushy, pushy,” Tony said, smiling at him with so much fondness, and between his fingers and the smile in his eyes, Steve wondered when he’d become so stupid over him
“That’s not very nice, Steve.” Natasha purses her lips to smother the sudden, unexpected smile. “But well, maybe a girl’s got more appetite when she’s got things to do.” Like coordinating a worldwide aid effort didn’t count as enough. “Not that telling Tony that would make any difference. To him, he’ll always be feeding a team of superhumans.”
Steve leaves too, but he can’t escape the constant irritation. Cough suppressants don’t work on him, plus he nearly gags the first time he drinks the syrup. It doesn’t taste much better than it did a century ago. He grows his beard back. No one can line up the dots between the sickly, bearded man who flits along town to town and Captain America. It’s not like the name means much nowadays, other than being the subject of an increasing number of defaced statues.
But that’s nothing, right? It’s not about him. When he snapped his fingers, all he wanted was to leave her that most precious of gifts: a chance. He hopes it’s worthy of her. That’s what he meant, when he promised whatever it takes.
“But no team to train superheroes that aren't mutants that's not controlled by government interests?” Tony insisted.
“That's impossible,” she said, and she reached up, fingers framing his cheeks. The tears in her eyes matched Steve's. “I don't believe it.”
Steve was intensely grateful for whoever it was who had thrown the wrench in this plan, evacuated the town, and tipped off the Avengers. It was all too easy to contemplate the alternatives. Steve had a moment's contemplation of horror; if this town had, on a ordinary weekday afternoon, become teeming with Hydra agents...
“Right, right.” Tony patted his palms on his thighs before rubbing the muscles there. “Go on, then.”
to you, Stark. And you're not getting anywhere until you acknowledge my greatness!”
The girl with her hair in braids shakes her head. “No, Mr. Stark! Cash only!”
Halfway down the next street, there was a thud behind him, and Steve ducked, slamming his Avengers alert at the same instant. Something sailed over his head, but that didn't matter as much as the man in front of him, catching the—
“Tony,” Steve said, and he pressed his head into Tony's shoulder, pushing him a bit back, like he was trying to ground himself, letting go and running his hands up and down Tony's side.
Rogers, quickly picking up that any unspoken demands wouldn't be answered, leaned back, an odd sense of expectation between them. “Everything that's changed?”
“Iron Man! Tony, status!” No response.
“That’s…oh.” Steve realized with a start that he hadn't smelled any alcohol on Tony’s breath, not even when he’d half-carried him here. It wasn't alcohol that'd made Tony sick this morning. Something in the pit of his gut curdled.
“Not at all,” Reed said. “Your universe sounds like it had much more world-ending scenarios, so it's possible that your fields of knowledge expanded to fit those niches out of necessity.
, and he doesn’t have to love him to follow through on that promise.
would he do that instead of just shutting it down?” Sam swore under his breath, which still meant nothing when using comms.
Tony would complain about the no fun later, because there were few things more fun than getting his hands on a naked Steve.
It doesn’t hurt anymore for Steve to laugh with her, honest and clear.
“They're small fry,” Tony replied shortly. “I don't need to push myself or my armor to wipe the floor with them.”
Tony set his mug down, rummaging through the cupboards for a bowl. “Can’t believe it,” he muttered. “I thought you knew me better by now. You think I let just anyone stay here?”
“Fuck off,” Tony said, as Stark employees began to stream into the room, ready to help him into the armor, like he knew he could cut off any conversation with other people in the room. Steve steeled his jaw, turning away and adjusting his own helmet as he prepared for battle.
Her voice goes hoarse, and she glances away. They’ve spent half the afternoon together, but her eyes are still red-rimmed. How many tears did someone have to shed, for that to become their default look?
!” Rogers retorted, the lines on his face deep. “How do we undo it?”
“Sunny Lane is contained,” said Steve over the team comms as he squinted up at the road signs at the corner. Why couldn't everywhere follow New York's grid system for numbering streets?
“Time travel,” Sam agreed reluctantly.
He'd almost up and forgotten it himself, but then again, he didn't like to dwell on the old crush. That was all it had come to in the end: infatuation. Even now, thinking of how much he had craved Iron Man's attention, and how any time spent together, especially alone, had been snuck away, bright spots of the day to be combed over and over until the memories had become worn with the familiar warmth of comfort. A crush, and one Steve had handled well enough externally, but the idea that he had let his feelings for his teammate become one of the axes his early life in the future had revolved around made his neck flush.
Reed immediately brightened.“Oh, well. I have plenty of those.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers. “I told you
Steve leaned back against the counter. “And how long has this been going on?”
“And are we not normal right now?” Tony asked, his brows furrowing. “I thought we were perfectly normal.”
“What about your mom?”
“No, I don’t,” Steve said, and leaned in.
“What about some spaghetti and meatballs?” Steve finally asks.
He doesn’t break it. Of course he doesn’t. He imagines smashing it against the wall, and instead he runs a thumb tenderly over it. Whatever he feels in this moment, it means nothing in the face of Tony’s memory.
Steve could hear Tony filling the team in through the comms. That gave Steve the opportunity to assess Rogers, who couldn’t hear anything from behind Iron Man’s helmet or the comms. His counterpart was too open with his emotions. There was no need for Steve to search for signs of ill ease or familiar tics. Even Tony should be able to tell.
Tony’s eyes are hidden behind his sunglasses, but he’s frowning at Steve.
“Oh shit,” Tony said. “Oh my god.” It took a moment for Steve to realize he was trying not to laugh.
“I…you’re right. I’m not in the place to tell you how to act during missions.” That’s Sam’s job now, but from the careful way Tony was looking at him, Steve knew that his word still mattered.
“Like I said, the armor was unresponsive for about a minute.” His face was pale. “A little hiccup. But everything is in working order now.”
Tony was up on his feet instantly. “Give me one last spar,” he insisted. It made sense after they'd spent most of their session drilling—why not humor him?
“Maybe it'll inspire you,” Steve said, and oh, he was batting his eyelashes now, wasn't he?
Tony shrugged. “There've been a lot of team leaders over the years. From what you've told us, they're still around in the world. Just need that billionaire funding now.”
The Hydra agents were noticing Steve now, and as much as Tony could bulldoze through them, they'd locked on their two targets. Which, Steve noted, had begun to narrow down onto one.
Steve’s mind blanked.
Steve was shaking his head. “I wasn't thinking about things like that,” he insisted. “I didn't care about something like that. I just thought that...if you saw me, you'd be afraid of me.”
It wasn’t like there was much to disturb. Someone, or several someones, from Stark Industries had come, and whoever they talked to or whatever they talked about, soon after, the closest residents in the hospital wing had been relocated to different wards or facilities.
“You don't need to worry about me!” Steve shouted to Rogers. “Iron Man's got me!”
Still, Steve folded his hands and rested them against his mouth.
me anymore, you're not even on the te—” Tony cut himself off, looking stricken.
Tony's stomach swooped when their lips met, and he dropped the mistletoe. It itched against the crown of his head, and Steve grumbled when Tony paused to brush it off with his free hand.
“Did you know,” Tony said quietly, “I learned that I was adopted?”
When the realization dawned on Steve, his jaw went slack, expression blank.
Tony’s feet pound against the shoreline when he sprints. It’s more jarring to have to come to an abrupt stop than keep going. But Steve’s made the same decision. A few feet separate them, but they watch each other like they’re on two sides of a gaping abyss, with neither of them sure how to cross.
“Well,” Tony says. “You go figure it out. You have the Infinity Stones, don’t you? Lots of ways to find out.”
“I thought I had you pinned down,” Tony said carefully, “but sometimes I really don’t understand you at all. You know, I don’t like it when I get proved wrong, but you must delight in it.”
“I'm serious, Tony.”
The shield isn't a blunt weapon. It crushes Tony's sternum, but slashes open his throat at the same time. His jugular gives a rough little cough, before a bright burst of blood floods out.
“I figured that if Hank’s counted, then why not—"
“Speaking of which, why is it
Besides, Tony would probably find Steve’s conflicting thoughts about him amusing, wouldn’t he? Steve rubbed his temples. This had been his past week, fantasy-scenarios and conversations played out, with Jan and Thor and Tony and Hank and everything else that’d went wrong. Before, he’d done the same with the plane and Bucky and Gail and every single way that fateful mission in Iceland could have gone.
“Well, not the headline I wanted to make,” Jan said, scrolling through her phone. She was sitting at the head of the table in what was to be the briefing room, and when she looked up from her phone and glared, she was doing a fine Fury impression. “You should know this by now, Cap. Take out one camera, and three more will take its place.”
“Captain Rogers has a point,” Sam was saying. “So he knows that he's still alive in the future, and Iron Man is still Iron Man. That shouldn't change any of his past actions. Which is important because—?”
Tony didn't want to admit it, but he felt ready to go off any time now. From the bulge in Steve's tight,
Tony shied away from his gaze. “Of course not! What, you think I run on radar? My defenses should hold up against anything in any modern army's arsenal since we started sticking arrowheads onto sticks. I don't know if it's something Hydra has that F.R.I.D.A.Y. wouldn't have, which I would be
“Ten years ago for me, I couldn’t have even imagined superheroes existed.” Rogers shrugged a shoulder. “If anything, I'm just glad the Avengers are still around.”
Steve took his hand, and Tony took the frame, and looking at it, flipped it so that the photo was against the wall.
“Damn it, Steve,” Jan snapped. “Fine. We need to talk. Team business.”
Wanda took one, and really, that was incredibly inappropriate, what with Vision in the same room. Although Steve couldn’t say he understood what was going on with her, Vision, and Simon right now. Unlike other teammates, he didn’t obsess himself with the details of everyone’s love lives.
“Armor override. Steve Rogers. Code 34-44-54-64.”
Tony hadn’t been there that day, though, and Tony’s here now. They’re together and that makes all the difference.
“Mad at Thor? Me?” Tony laughed, and that was right, Tony never minded anything Thor did. It might have been the alienness of him, even when they were convinced he was just a nutcase, like he was on a different plane of existence where the same emotions didn’t apply. Not unlike Steve, who Tony had no issue arguing with, butting heads with, and injecting that flat edge into his voice when he was past anger.
The good, the warmth, the rightness of the world situated in the exact set of variables of who and why he loves, revealing his self to himself. The clarity makes it worth it.
“Tony...please,” Steve said.
“It's a different universe.” Steve looked away, hair falling into his eyes, face shadowed. “She's not Ma. I'm not her son.”
Maybe it would have been better to yell. Steve didn’t like to yell, but Tony had a knack for wringing them out of him.
The others laughed, but Steve couldn’t laugh with them. The memory replayed in his mind, reaching out to Tony's face, desperate for a response, any response. Knowing that Tony was in this place because of Steve. For Steve's sake.
He took his stunner out of his holster and managed to nail a few of the Hydra agents from behind.
“Ah, they're not nightmares!” Steve avoided eye contact. “They're...hard to explain.” Steve didn't usually shut the door on topics like that. Tony wasn't convinced, but he didn't want to needle Steve further until he was ready.
“Well,” Rogers said. He turned, offering a small smile. “I figure I have to take things as they come. If I get too caught up in all the possibilities, then.” He shrugged. “Long-term has never been my forte. That's how you managed, wasn't it?”
“I'm fine,” Tony said, but he stepped forward, almost crowding Steve back against the door. “Would you like to check more closely?”
Then Steve excuses himself to the restroom, curling over the toilet bowl and heaving up petals, a bud, and part of a stem, he leans back, resting his head against the wall, and smiling in a pale imitation of the proud smile on Tony’s face. There’s a knock on the door, and he doesn’t want to face Natasha right now. He thinks it might unnerve her more, how this might be the happiest he’s been since…since. It’s happiness, and pride, and…
“No…You…Steve?” Tony whispers. His voice is so small and frightened, and Steve’s heart breaks.
Jan sat back, crossing her arms. “Sorry. I knew, but still didn’t believe that you two were—together. I thought the idea of you two was nuts at first, but I can see it working out.”
“Well, that's a bit mean to Thor. And T'Challa is the chairman now, so maybe we shouldn't bother Tony.”
There’s no outbursts at the debriefing this around, just a mutual partaking of their quiet, suffocating dread. Tony leaves the room first. Steve is so disoriented by the rush of relief in his chest that he doesn’t try to stop him. Later, he wonders what he’d have done if he’d known the exit was permanent.
“Still, I think it’s fishy that the person who won is the android. Anyone with me?” Sam looked around them. “Really?”
“Carol!” Steve didn't seem to know where to put his hands, hovering as they were still over Tony's body. Tony's eyes softened as he gently pushed Steve's hands down by his sides. That gentleness— where had
There’s a sharp inhale, and Natasha fully sits down, propping her knees up and wrapping her arms around them. He thinks this is one more way that he broke Natasha’s heart. She’s so determined to keep their family together, she’s so determined to see him happy. Once, she would have urged him to go after Tony, and confess his feelings. But he sees now, that this is just another way she thinks she’s failed him, and the rest of the Avengers.
“Hydra, because Hydra, and we're going to figure the last one out,” said Sam. “Vision, where in a town like this could someone pull this off?”
Carol had to snort at that. “Why not? It's not like you've ever had an issue bringing up complaints to him before.”
“Huh. What?” Rhodey squinted at him. “Really?”
Rhodey's smile was dropping the longer he stood around, and Tony turned him around, giving him a small push. “You know, they were trading war stories in the kitchen, last I heard, you should go do your outranking thing.”
Well, that just confirmed something was up
Tony grinned at her, eyes sparkling and a blush forming on his cheeks. Carol sighed, patting his arm.
Tony’s not where Steve saw him earlier, so he pushes open the nearest door to a meeting room and catches the tail end of Tony’s phone call.
“Hey, heat of the moment, we say things, it's a common thing.”
The girls' expressions are turning from confused to a mix of guilty and upset, and Tony finally lets go of Steve's hand, rummaging in his pockets.
“Before,” Steve said, “they said you had five years.” It had seemed like an eternity to Steve before, when they’d only been together for a few months, but now it made his heart miss several beats.
It was a timeline, beginning with a happy family with a toddler being held in his father's arms, a birthday party, a day out on the lake. The man was absent in the later photos, of a scrawny little kid in an oversized football uniform, a lanky teenager with a wide, toothy smile, and sometime before high school graduation his body caught up, filling out his football uniform and, later, the graduation gown.
It’d been a few weeks since the incident in South Dakota. Tony admitted to it to Steve from his hospital bed, expression paling even further with the words, that he’d given Steve CPR. Steve had thanked Tony for saving his life, but it didn’t erase the uncertainty and trepidation in Tony’s eyes.
He wasn't going to complain either, when Tony smiled his slow, seductive smile.
“Okay!” The man scrambled up, turning his camera around. His finger trembled as he pressed the trash icon in front of Steve. “There, see? It’s gone, not going to bother you anymore!”
“You—you were avoiding each other! You didn't even acknowledge each other's presence during that team meeting the other day! And neither of you were talking about it!”
“Are you okay?” Rogers asked.
“Including me,” Tony said. “So really, if I'd been sleeping like the rest of the pack, it would have been fine.”
“Ma?”
Tony's first thought was that he had no idea how he had missed
“Sorry, too far,” Natasha says.
Tony blinked at him. “Huh?”
After the group finishes, Steve lingers, hands clasped between his knees. The counselor, a man named Jacob, had sat down next to him, asking if there was anything Steve wanted to share personally. Steve coughs, fist closed over his mouth like he’d grown used to in order to avoid the mess.
Steve startled a bit. The TV had been on as background noise, and was now cycling through to an action movie, with a tall blonde in an abandoned warehouse loading her gun.
Steve was starting to dislike this training simulation and its authenticity more and more by the second.
He sat on his haunches, satisfied at his work. Here, it was easier to keep watch. He leaned forward to rest his snout on his paws, staring intently at the man whose breath deepened as he nuzzled deeper into his covers. Warm contentment sank into his fur, like sunlight before a nap.
See, part of being close friends with Captain America and Iron Man and most of being alive during the chaos that erupted whenever they were on the outs (a surprisingly rare combination) was the ability to recognize warning signs. And after that morning, Carol knew to keep a close eye.
“Excuse me?”
The words grated like sandpaper against Steve’s temper, and he nearly barked his next words. “You're his co-leader. Who else would have it?”
There was a slight rumbling, and both their heads snapped up. There was a loud pop, before the Thunderbolts landed in front of them.
Tony didn't reply, but he did lower his right arm. Steve stepped close and wrapped his arms firmly around Tony. No more one-armed flying for them, anymore. Tony locked his arm in place around Steve.
Then Scott Lang shows up, babbling about quantum realms and the Stones they’d thought were gone for good, and it’s been a long time since he’s tasted hope.
Carol blinked at the door after Steve made an impressive retreat. That power walk had rivaled his runs. He'd even left without even critiquing her form or technique.
Tony had kissed a lot of people in his lifetime, and he didn't know how to compare Steve to anyone, not when the man kissed with such intense single-mindedness. Tony was perfectly happy with eager bordering on overenthusiastic, wet, and a little dirty. Plus, the ever-present possibility that Steve could lift Tony up and put against the wall did wonders to heat things up.
“They have no coordination,” Sam added. “They're fighting like they don't even realize there are others around. And one asked me where the real Captain America was, and who’d let someone like me wear these colors. He took a dive into the deep end of the community pool for that one.”
Tony clears his throat, disconcerted. “I’m not sure I like that tone of voice, like you think I’m a figment of your imagination. How about
Tony brushed off the rejection surprisingly easily, and they spent the next hour working on sweeps. By the time Tony had shed his hesitation, was regularly getting Steve off his feet, Steve was satisfied with his progress and told him so.
When Tony reached Steve’s underwear, he kissed along the band. Little pinpoints from where his hair brushed Steve’s skin, and Steve twisted a little, too overwhelmed to know whether he liked it or not.
“Tony, you're flying a high-tech suit of armor every day. The positioning to keep that in the air and maneuver the way you do is no joke.”
“They're years-past-expiry Hydra agents,” Tony added in reassurance. “Practically the PeeWee's Playhouse version of our training simulators.”
“Tony.” Steve’s voice hitches. Tony’s looked into those eyes and believed him with his whole soul. Tony’s looked into those eyes and called him a liar. Tony doesn’t know what he can find here, now.
Tony moaned, and Steve's fingers slipped under his shirt, a shock against his bare skin. Steve made him
The television shut off, leaving the room silent, save for Steve’s thoughts.
“Ah.”
Where does someone go, after they lost all their forward momentum? Steve can’t do anything to help. The people who would have been capable of accomplishing the feat had refused, or were lost in the Snap. Steve appreciates Bruce’s attempt, but he should have known it was a shot in the dark. Time travel. If they’d had that all along, that would have solved a lot of things long before, wouldn’t it?
“I passed the shield on,” Steve blurts when she holds him at arms-length, checking him over. “I’m retiring from the Avengers and Captain America.”
Natasha picks off some of the olives on her slice and pops them in her mouth. “No thanks. Unlike certain people, I’m not interested in emotionally unavailable men.”
“I was sure,” said Rogers, eyebrows furrowed, “that you’ still in love with him.”
“It’s none of her business, and she wouldn’t care. It’s none of yours either, unless you mean to join us,” Tony said airily.
Cap. I made my choice, and nothing can change that. Nothing
Tony stops halfway out the door and turns toward him. “Steve?”
Tony stilled, before sighing and ruffling Steve’s hair. “It’s morbid business, but if I don’t do it, then it’s all getting reinvested by Greg. I’m not letting him win, not even in death.”
Come in!
He’ll get a crick like this, Steve tells himself, eyes lingering on the silver in his hair. It makes him look distinguished and approachable at the same time. Maybe if the Snap had never happened, and Tony had continued in the same capacity at Stark Industries, he would have dyed it.
“So, when were you going to tell us?”
With her first plan of action stalled, Carol had to go test her luck on a much larger, more difficult target.
Steve licked his lips, and tasted copper. Tony must have bitten him too hard earlier and drew blood.
“I wasn't, though. It was still you,” Tony said.
Steve wasn't a stranger to Tony's lab. But, it
His tone of voice made Steve's stomach curl. “With an investor?” he asked, helplessly.
“The mansion had a rooftop pool, you said?”
The room rumbled when Carol slammed her feet into the floor. Carol grinned at the flash of surprise that took over Steve's face before he stumbled into a sideways roll. More than enough time for her to clear the distance between them in a few strides. Steve tried to trip her, but there was no chance she was getting to the ground with him. Carol balled a hand into a fist. Energy surged through her, and she took a moment to let it happen before it became too intense. She raised her hand above her head and shot the blast off, the release like a rush of relief. She grinned, before her senses went haywire, and she ducked.
Steve gasps as his world comes into focus. The compound, there’d been an explosion, and oh god where’s the gauntlet—
“No,” Tony says. “I mean, it’s a message, but it’s getting saved until after we head out. I figure sending it now isn’t going to be doing us any favors.”
Steve could weather the criticism. He’d done it for most of his life, after all, the pity behind his back and the contempt to his face. He had learned long ago that most insults were full of shit. But it was one thing to tell Steve that, and another thing to talk about his husband like that.
“Ultron has taken down by relatively primitive technology. Is there anything in your armor that could have been affected by it?”
To have Tony at his side, but to be by Tony’s side, as well. To be there, to help Tony take things head on. That was what he was good for, after all, the first line of offense, the leader of the charge. Together, they could face anything.
Tony remembered how Steve had introduced him to her,
Their lips met, and before Steve could surge up and shove his tongue down Tony's throat, Tony pulled back. Steve whined, lifting his head, before he gave up and slammed it back against the mat and closed his eyes.
Tony couldn't look at Steve, not anymore. He turned away without an answer.
“Hey, so, mistletoe.”
Steve lifted his bottom off the floor, prepared to see how far his body could twist from this position, before he looked over at his fellow captive and dropped back to the floor.
“Not bad,” Steve admitted. He'd thrown it in the right place, and that could make up for any lack of strength. “Try again?”
Steve turned his face, pressing his lips to Tony's neck. Against his skin, Tony felt the smile slowly spreading over Steve's face.
“Which is why you got individual presents for the rest of us?” Steve shifted the present in his hands. It was flat and huge, and Tony wondered where he'd stashed it away for the evening.
Tony caught his hand, lifting his hand to his lips and grinning. He pulled it closer to his mouth, and Steve felt a hint of tongue. Steve closed his eyes, feeling Tony’s tongue around the base of his middle finger, questioning before he slipped the finger between his lips and sucked. Steve sighed, and moved his hand so that it cupped Tony’s face.
Tony's not sure when it changed. Because once, he fought for the American people, as their voice. He was backed by politicians, activists, mothers and families, their voicemails of support overflowing his mailbox. Superheroes need accountability. A death of an innocent child can no longer be excused, justified by the need
After he'd manually removed the armor and left it in the bedroom, Tony took the opportunity to peer through the living room. It wasn't snooping, he told himself, as the noise of dishes clattering and chattering drifted from the kitchen.
Steve understood if he wanted to forget. He went through a breakup, and it’d still taken nearly a week of cheap, run-down motels and worse food for Steve to work up the courage to come here. Even Tony Stark had to be shaken by attempted murder at the hands of his fiancée.
“Why are you asking?”
“But, I’m not as selfless as Tony, so I won’t condescend you by actually apologizing when I don’t mean it.”
“Tony, you’re—” he began when the elevator door opened, and froze.
Steve had rolled to his feet, catching his shield with a swing of his arm and looking far too proud of himself.
“You woke up all alone, sixty years in the future and became the star of a B-rated sci-fi flick.” Tony squeezed Steve's fingers. “I should be thankful your imagination is still so limited.”
The bed shifted when Tony rolled over onto his side. “I should have known that I’d piss you off either way,” he said, oddly petulant rather than joking, and an unexpected rush of fondness caught Steve off guard.
There was a loud crash, and Steve followed his gut instinct. He rolled, his shoulder sending shocks of pain through his arm with each jolt against the concrete. He curled into a ball as the rubble fell from the sky, and he hoped that girl was holding onto that shield for dear life.
“It’s been about a year. That’s longer than most people back in our day courted for. And if I know you, you dive into things the moment you get it into your head. Once you decided you’d marry her, there was no stopping you.”
“No, I love you, as in I need you. Steve. I told you that once, but only when I was so angry with you, with myself, that I might have rather died. The whole world, the entire universe, went to shit, and these last five years have been picking up the pieces. Finding those little bits of happiness that I thought was impossible. And I love my family, Steve, and they’ve made me happier than I ever dared dreamed. And us doing this, together? If you have to see this, then just know, that this here? Is another piece of happiness that I never thought I could have.” Tony raises an eyebrow. “If…if we both make it back, then I’m wiping this, first thing I get. Because now I’ve said it, I don’t want you to feel like you have something to make up to me. Because to have known you and loved you was worth it.”
No response came, and Steve swallowed the lump in his throat. Of course Tony would have updated his codes. Probably only Pepper or Rhodes could open it now. Steve had lost that privilege long ago.
“Okay.” Tony leaned in. “But can I kiss my teammate? Can I kiss my friend, my idol, my partner?”
a figment of
“Cap?” Tony waves both arms. The afterlife is one thing, but if he’s going to wander around like a ghost the entire time, not being seen, not being known—“Hey!”
. Sure, he'd raise hell and high water to do what he liked, but his answer for
“So? How are we offending Cap’s sensibilities tonight?” Jan asked. She pulled up her legs from the floor to the couch, tucking them to her side. Steve sighed, and Sam clapped him on the back with a smirk.
Then it occurred to Steve.
“You could, you know,” Tony tried. “Tell me off. As a friend.”
But the pieces began to fall into place. The armor began identifying her facial structure and comparing it to Steve's. Tony didn't need it to tell him though.
“Doesn't sound fishy at all, huh. Iron Man and Vision,” Sam called. “Head over and see what you can find. Thor, I want you to maintain a perimeter around the area. Everyone else, we'll cover the exits to town. I want no one getting in
Tony had teased him about it. If he'd had a different temperament, Tony told him, he would have made an excellent agent, tasked with the most clandestine of ops—a supersoldier whose existence was known by half a dozen people, and whose face was known to none. That was how they created loyalty, Tony said, by taking away everything from someone but the cause, and wasn’t that Steve in a nutshell?
Steve ignored him and heard his counterpart take in a breath.
than what Steve had. It was impossible.
“But why would they need to go back?” Kamala asked. “Shouldn't they know better?”
