Tony had done the God-dam, motherfucking math.
“Who’da thought we’d get some emotional drama on our stop off that you’s two weren’t the cause of, eh, Captain?” Clint asked, looking like he’d had far too much cider and was enjoying himself immensely.
“Pepper, meet Captain Steve Rogers, of The Avenger,” Natasha finished her introductions.
One day, they would do a job and it would be easy. It would all go according to plan and they’d have time and energy to spare at the end of it.
Humiliation clawed at his stomach as he realised he’d been right. They had heard. Every pathetic, snivelling sound that had come out of his mouth. Everything the Steve of his imagination had said to him. What was he supposed to do now that they knew the truth?
He glanced at Bruce, who was shaking his head at them all as if he couldn't quite believe he'd agreed to be on a crew with such dramatic people, and Thor, who looked inordinately pleased with the proceedings.
, that no matter what you think, or what some psycho mutant may want you to think, we like you, just the way you are. You’re not alone, Tony; and you are extremely deserving,” Steve emphasised his last words by reaching out and taking Tony’s hand within his, giving it a gentle squeeze.
“You are so important to me, to
“We’re watching a movie tonight,” he said, coming to a stop only feet from where Tony was sitting on his stool.
“Young Master, shall we go and meet your new sister?” Jarvis asked as he moved towards the grand staircase, a hand extended towards Tony, beckoning from the shadows.
It had been a week since their conversation over the comms, and Darcy was having trouble sleeping. Plagued with nightmares of
“Come, good doctor, let us prepare the midday meal together,” Thor clapped a large hand on Bruce’s shoulder, but the man didn’t seem phased when he rocked forward from the force on the hand. The two wandered off after the others, leaving Steve alone in the cargo bay with Tony.
“We both know that you are merely stalling, Stark. How about you let me see what keeps you awake at night?” he asked in a mild voice, the pendent between the folds of his cloak beginning to glow and making the hud screen light up again in warning.
“It’s a tiny burn, I get more from my darlin’ engine weekly than this little thing,” Tony tried to protest, but Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders and began steering them through the crowds that were waiting for their turn at the bonfire, eyes tracking the woman ahead of them.
Steve blushed bright red when the genius eventually let out a pleased sounding ‘yes!’ before he’d quickly gotten up and left the room in a hurry, evidently having solved the problem, leaving bits and pieces of kitchen supplies lying all over the floor around the open cupboard door.
Tony made sure she saw the exasperated look on his face as Darcy laughed in the background where she’d sat, hanging over the back of the couch like she was watching an exciting reality TV drama unfold.
Waking up, ‘scared alive’ as it were by the Hulk, was the most surprising thing to happen to him since the whole Avengers thing had worked.
Tony was pretty sure that he wasn’t imagining the slight blush that had spread over Steve’s cheeks as he spoke, his eyes darting around the workshop.
“Was Darcy in the car?” he almost yelled down the line, uncaring for the many looks he received as he pushed his way out of the frat house and into the open where he could hear Obie clearly. All he could do was hold onto the phone, pressing it tightly against his ear so that it would leave red marks on his skin, as if that would make the information travel down the phone lines faster.
Green energy was the future for him. He’d not just donate money to charities, he’d go out there and build the buildings himself, do the research to find the most efficient and safe way of pushing the world into the future. He’d still be a futurist, but this time he’d do it with a peaceful and thriving world in mind. The bottom line was no longer his concern; he’d sooner tear apart his own company and make a new one than continue the way things had been going.
“When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?” Maria Hill asked snidely from the side.
“I mean, it’s just…” Steve sighed and sat up properly, a hand running through his hair in frustration. Then he seemed to gather himself; he licked his lips and looked over to Tony, eyes locking and voice serious, if slightly rushed.
“You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark.”
Tony cocked his head to the side thoughtfully before shrugging in agreement.
“Are you kidding me with this, get rid of them,” Tony snapped, annoyed at the sight. There was no way he was spending any time in a hospital after being cooped up for months. He’d already had the medics at the American base swarming over him. Not to mention, he knew the paparazzi sharks would love to catch him in a moment of weakness, being held by a terrorist organisation for months on end wasn’t enough of an excuse for them.
“Positive. I can’t let us keep doing weapons production if this is what’s happening with them,” he paused; mind flashing back to the sight of the company’s,
Steve couldn’t help the amusement that stirred within him, despite the rational part of his mind that shook its head at the man’s stupidly ballsy words.
*edited 2019*
“Is it meant to bring good fortune or somethin’? People love a good fortune statue,” Tony asked, a smile curving his lips in Steve’s favourite way.
O, wo de shangdi – Oh, my god
‘Ho Yinsen’
With a brief request for the man to locate a new pressure belt while he was gone, Thor was up and off into the crowds, leaving the seat free for Steve to sit down and wait with the ship for the rest of his crew to return.
“That can be arranged,” Darcy said, easily.
“Choosing your university based on what’s on the TV is insane.”
When he arrived back in front of the couch, Steve had to grip the base of his cock with his free hand to stop himself from coming there and then at the sight before him.
“Fucking hell, Darcy. Are Doctor Foster and Selvig okay?” Tony, who had begun to relax, sat up straight once more, eyes widening.
He had managed to lose himself in the dregs of his coffee, wondering if he could be bothered to get up and get another cup, when a gentle hand fell on the back of his chair and Steve’s familiar cologne filled his senses. Looking up, Steve was half leaning down towards him, an amused smile on his face as if he had been able to hear Tony’s coffee contemplations.
Abandoning the area he had been mining through for now, Tony climbed towards the surface, the many torches he had dug into the stone and dirt walls of the cave system lighting his way. Upon arriving at the non-descript mouth of the cave, Tony cursed again.
Tony hummed, his eyes slipping shut as he raised a hand and tentatively prodded at the small bandage Bruce had put on the cut on his head.
“But what if you’re not, next time?”
, investors.
He was…
“Oh, there she is, come on and I’ll introduce you to her.” She began to walk over to the large tree that acted as a focal point for the festival, the numerous baskets of produce hanging from its thick branches and piled up at the base of the trunk like an offering.
He hadn’t realised how much it was bugging him until today.
“Tony,” Steve cut in, knowing that getting Natasha to introduce herself when she wasn’t being paid was a pain in the ass, and Bruce was often sketchy about new people due to his disappearing act a couple of years ago.
get there, with or without your help,” Tony stood as he spoke, his body unconsciously preparing itself for a fight in the heavy way he set his feet and his hands clenched into loose fists at his sides.
“Traitor,” Tony grumbled, always more amused than anything when Jarvis attempted to get him to do something.
“Look, all I’m askin’ is if you wanna join this crew. How about,” Steve paused, not believing he was going to so much trouble for someone he barely knew.
He could be working for the USC, for all Steve knew.
“Jarvis, this is why I love you,” he grinned as the doors opened before him.
“What?”
“Just a suggestion,” he said lightly, a small part of him relieved at her loyalty to him, while another winced at the crap she was sure to have to put up with because she was his sister.
“I’m so glad you’re home. I… I wouldn’t have known what to do if-if you hadn’t of…” Darcy’s voice was no louder than a whisper as she trailed off. Tony squeezed her hand tightly, her legs trembling slightly under his head.
“Yes, but unlike my father,” Tony began, positioning his feet subtly against the ground for maximum leverage. “I know who not to trust.”
“I also thought it might be best to give you some time to work out how you’re going to apologize to Steve for being hard to get along with.”
“Now, now,” the dark-haired man scrambled to his feet, hands held up before him in the universal sign of submission.
The room around him seemed to flicker for a moment, before morphing back to the battlefield with bits of plaster dust and scattered objects all over the floor. The Iron Man armour was once more in pieces around where Tony sat, and the dead body of the security guard off to the side was lying in his own blood.
“Yeah, I was surprised as well. Turns out all his talk of other realms and Midgard - which is apparently what his people call Earth - wasn’t so much fiction as fact. He left in this weird tunnel of light, sort of like beam me up Scotty, but more badass,” Darcy waved her hand as she spoke, like the idea of Star Trek wasn’t even on the same level as the stuff she’d actually witnessed.
“Tony,” Steve admonished him.
“Okay, what about we get some pizza? I’ll even let you pick the toppings,” Tony winked outrageously at her, causing a giggling fit to start.
“I’m not going to listen to that one eyed pirate tell me how to battle a giant bug more efficiently. There should never again be a need for me to know that,” Tony said.
“Looks like we got lucky, Captain,” Clint said, voice cheerful as he eyed the boxes with curiosity.
She looked at him for a long moment before her lips twitched.
“For fuck’s sake, I’m fine,” Tony twitched, fighting the impulse to try and escape again, knowing he’d just get shoved back down.
Standing up with a groan, he stretched his arms high over his head, fingers brushing the roof of his quarters, before he moved once more to the stairs. He had a ship to run, and if he stayed down in his quarters he’d just fixate over questions he didn’t have the answers to.
Tony finally allowed himself to breathe.
Darcy starting university last month had been a jarring shock to Tony, in that he realised his baby sister was finally growing up. While she had already turned eighteen earlier that month, it was the packing of her stuff to go off to university that had made him feel somewhat emotional. Tony would deny to his dying day that after he’d driven her to the airport so their private jet could take her to Virginia, and thus Culver University campus, he might have gone home and sat quietly in her bedroom, heart hurting.
“None on the radar. Looks like we got ourselves a good amount of time to check it out.” Clint looked up at him, waiting for Steve’s go ahead to issue the command to the rest of the crew.
Finally, this is the second last chapter. There's one more, that is longer than this short one, then it's all over.
“But Darcy, that’s what I think it is, isn’t it?” he asked, a whine to his voice but unable to keep the grin off his face.
“Your sister has been placed in the room beside your own.”
Tony blinked quietly, surprised by the outburst from the usually calm and collected man. Though, he supposed, it was bound to happen eventually. There was no way someone could adjust to such an alien world without some kind of backlash. It might also explain why Steve had been such a pain in the ass recently, uptight and getting annoyed over the littlest of things.
It was all over.
“Sure, buddy, whatever you say,” he said, dryly.
“Dude, what’s up with you?” he asked, mouth half full of cake. “These are awesome, by the way.” he added after a slight pause to Darcy, waving the cupcake before him.
Before Tony could launch into some babble about who knew what, Steve lent forward and pressed another kiss to Tony’s lips.
Confused, but willing to chalk it up to Tony’s eccentric personality, Steve took hold of the cart handle Tony had suddenly abandoned and headed back to the ship.
“A cyborg,” Clint’s voice was a touch gleeful as he sat on the cushioned seats in the corner of the room, hawk-like eyes watching as Bruce carefully moved the Dermal Mender over Tony’s wound, the device working to stitch the skin back together.
It had only been a day after Tony, himself, had moved into the Tower – Tony and Darcy parting ways once more – when he’d received his first houseguest in Bruce. The scientist had appeared from the elevator with his small bag and told Tony that, while he appreciated staying in the lap of luxury in the penthouse, he’d rather be in the Tower where he had access to research equipment and he could do things without worrying about housecleaning knocking while he was taking a bath. Tony had only laughed, welcomed the man, and that was that.
“Calm down, cruiser, we’re goin’ to do as is requested by our government. I assure you that you’ve got the wrong ship, so we ain’t got no reason not to have you on board,” Steve kept his voice civil, even as he felt annoyance gnaw at his gut.
“Uh huh. Miss Mac has been teachin’ me words this week. I wanted to show you. See, that’s your name and this one’s mine. We both have the same last name here, cos we’re brother ‘nd sister,” she said, giving the paper Tony still held a poke as she explained.
Have some Tony!whump and learn a bit about Bruce. Enjoy!
,” she gasped.
“If you want to be in charge, I’ll arrange it that Pepper be only temporary while you finish up your education and get trained up for the CEO position. I’m sure she wouldn’t mind,” Tony offered when she remained silent.
“We’re ready to go, Mister Stark,” one of the faceless army guys said, starting the engine.
“What caused the impact, my friends?” Thor asked, his loud voice unusually subdued.
male voice thundered as a heavy-set man with a sparsely haired moustache burst forth from the pub, cheeks flushed with a combination of liquor and anger.
In a universe this size, if a ship found itself in the Rim and something went wrong, the likelihood of them receiving aid was little to none. Waves only transmitted so far, and not even the most advanced technology could get a message from out here to someone in the Core. It was a chance a ship had to take, when they went out, they might end up dead in the sky and the only option left to them was to either take the crews own lives or slowly starve to death.
“You need to work on those projects for General Ross,” Pepper said, making Tony groan loudly and try to roll away from her via stool.
The only one who had immediately taken him up on a room was Bruce, who was reluctant to return to SHIELD, and missed working plumbing. Bruce was currently sitting pretty in a penthouse in New York that Tony owned while the Tower itself was undergoing repairs and revamps for the new floors.
“Of course,” she nodded before stepped away from the cot, giving them some measure of privacy.
“Yo, what’s with all the cupcakes?” Clint asked, eyes on the neat rows of iced treats beside Darcy.
The secret that laid between the siblings was finally exposed, revealing the chasm that existed between them.
“However, there was much he did not tell me. I knew nothing of his past, he spoke not a word of where he was from or what he had spent the first decades of his life doing. All I knew of him was that he had arrived on my planet a few weeks before we met, and that was all. It didn’t matter how I begged or tried to bargain, he would not reveal anything to me.” Her fingers stilled, eyes becoming distant.
“He is insisting that it is important, Sir,” Jarvis continued.
“Tony!” she cried, standing quickly and bumping the table, sending a pile of papers scattering onto the floor. At the same time a cord became visible and, just as Tony had suspected, a small speaker fell onto the cushions as she climbed over the couch to throw her arms around his waist.
“Tony?” He tried again, voice louder this time as he stepped into the room.
“Pepper’s so mean,” Darcy whined loudly with a huge, put-upon sigh.
A sudden hand on his shoulder startled him, arms reflexively holding onto Darcy tighter as he spun around, only to see Obie standing there, hand still outstretched.
“We’ll make something nice for when you get home,” Darcy said, the smile on her face strained.
“Rest up, Tony; that’s enough talkin’ for now,” he said.
“Is that…?” Steve gaped at Tony.
“Shut up,” she waved a hand dismissively at him, before beginning to pour the batter into the waiting cupcake wrappers.
“It’s important to keep moral high, Clint,” Steve said disapprovingly, rustling his newspaper in a distinctly old man way, sending the archer a cool look as Clint filled his cereal bowl.
“Ay!” Thor boomed. “It reminds me of a tale of woe, my dear sweet loveliest of ladies, Lady Jane.”
“Nice to meet you both,” she said.
,” Tony called out into the mostly deserted area.
– First Star of Crooked Running Water (an actual planet)
Darcy’s voice had been so soft than, if it weren’t for the complete silence of the entire room, Tony would never have heard it. As it was, he couldn’t be sure that he’d heard right anyway.
“You are not the first person to let their heart rule their mind when it comes to decision making,” she sounded faintly amused, but there was a deep sadness to her eyes.
“Oh, god. They’re a disgrace to the scientific community."
"What're you doin'?" Steve asked, following Tony.
“Next time it’s dark, how about waiting for me to get there before you take off into the night alone?” Steve asked softly.
Over the next few days, only the appearance of food in his workshop three times a day, the rest of the Tower’s residents left him alone. Tony would have preferred to be left completely alone in a locked down lab after his small breakdown in front of most of the important people in his life.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, worry beginning to fill him and pushing down the proud bubble.
“I had assumed that, like so many others, he’d become lost in the Dark. But, I guess, a worse fate befell him.”
“Yeah, yep, I’m goin'. I just, the pressure belt has begun to deteriorate and I was, well, you guys’ll be dead in the sky if you don’t get it replaced while on-planet. It was alright while bein’ used, but now that we’ve stopped, the restartin' process'll tear it up. I mean, I won’t be here so, no problem for me, but…” Tony rambled, yanking on something a few times before a short, flat cord came free. Steve could see how frayed it had become along the sides, even from where he was standing.
“Sounds like a real upstanding member of the community,” Clint said with a snort.
Steve pushed down the irritation that sprang up inside him at the words. Not only did he not want to show discord within his crew before Nick Fury of all people, but they hadn’t been warned of any of the players that could be a problem before they’d arrived. Nick had only waved them the bare bones of the details, so Tony hadn’t had any forewarning.
“Remind me why we went days out of our way to land on this inconsequential planet? Then, instead of demandin’ that the mad mechanic tell us why we had to stop here, we’re playin’ hind’n’seek with him?” Clint grumbled from where he was crouched around the corner of one of the simple, wooden houses on what classified as a Main Street on Timbetpal.
“Steve?” He squinted slightly at the man coming towards him, the Captain was indeed decked out in a USC uniform.
Tony looked at her in surprise. Darcy rarely mentioned their mother, in fact, Tony was fairly certain that he’d never heard her speak of the woman at all. She may have asked others, but never when Tony was around.
“This takes precedence over the enquiry, Barton. Now, I won’t say it again, get your ass here for a debriefing,” Fury snapped
“Why don’t we head over there,” Steve nodded his head to where people had began to stretch out on the lush grass near the musicians, winding down as the night grew cooler.
Tony lurched forward, body curled defensively as he tried to keep his gun aloft, pointing it more in the general direction of their pursuers than actually aiming at anything. A sick feeling slicked down to Steve’s stomach and he instinctively reached forward with the hand not holding his gun, a stupid move as it left him liable to falling off the bike if Thor made a sudden turn, before he grabbed hold of the back of Tony’s shirt. If the man had been hit, and Steve had seen enough people injured to be fairly confident that this was the case, then he didn’t need the mechanic falling off the back of the bike and being caught by the authorities. It’d be a pain in the ass to try and spring him.
“Sir, Director Fury is on the line for you,” Jarvis broke over the noise of chewing that had quickly filled the room.
Tony stared at him some more, mind stuck on the idea of
He looked out the window and noted that, thankfully, only the outer glass had cracked, the protective inner glass was still intact and space-worthy.
The third time had been just after Darcy was born. People were still talking about his mothers’ death, according to the magazines and tabloids, and Tony had yet to see his father since the day he’d walked out the door after bringing Darcy home. He had been playing with a beautiful handcrafted train set given to him by his Uncle Obie for his birthday, when two men had broken into the mansion and grabbed him right off the floor. Honestly, Tony didn’t remember much after that. Something sharp piercing the skin in the crook of his elbow and a hazy memory of a wooden chair before a lumpy bed. He’d woken up a week later in his own bed and no adults had been particularly forthcoming with information about what had happened in the blank spaces of his memory.
“She won’t what?” Jane asked, coming over to them and, oddly, sitting in the two-seater chair.
“Oh no,” he leaned forward to grab one of the glass tablets and linked onto the phone call so that he could see her. His eyes narrowed as they took in her oddly dusty appearance. “What exactly have you gotten yourself into?” he demanded.
“I know,” she said, surprising him. “You pinky promised, and you never break a pinky promise,” her voice was full of all the conviction of how a nine-year-old believed the world worked.
The problem was that Bruce had refused the offer.
It had been almost a week since the bots had arrived at the Tower, and Tony had spent most of that time making sure that they were transitioning well to the move. He’d had to make up new charging stations for them; the ones in Malibu were built into the very walls and impractical to move. Thankfully, with three overeager bots to help him out, and Darcy chatting away from the couch about what she wanted for her ‘sister of the century’ party, Tony had managed to get everything done fairly quickly. He had even, amazingly, managed to get a decent night’s sleep, so he felt almost high on energy. He had migrated to the kitchen when promised blueberry pancakes by Bruce, who’d been landed with cooking duty.
Steve wasn’t exactly proud to admit it, but Tony’s little quirk quickly became one of his favourite things about the genius. It wasn’t the nicest thought, but Steve came to enjoy seeing the dark haired man sitting on the floor beneath the table polishing the wooden table legs or wandering around the den wielding a fluffy duster.
“Extremely,” she said, voice clipped.
Obie convince his father to have Darcy’s last name changed to ‘Lewis’ on all forms of public, nonessential identification, that her image be screened so that it was something people had to look relatively hard for, so that this could never, ever, happen again.
“It’s called knowing your enemy,” Natasha said dryly.
Walking down to their bedroom, Steve was thankful for JARVIS as the AI silently opened and closed their door, bringing a warm glow to the bedroom without prompting. Steve carefully deposited Tony on the large bed, disappearing into the bathroom for a moment to get a washcloth to somewhat clean him up. Task done, he pulled a blanket up from the bottom of the bed to cover him rather than attempt to pull out the quilt from under the unhelpful body. Quickly cleaning his own stomach, Steve moved around the bed and climbed in next to his lover, Tony immediately reaching for him and rolling onto his side, pulling Steve’s arm over so that he could tangle their fingers together.
“Come on. Hurry up. Just click it. Don’t change any settings. Just click it,” the soldier tried to rush his comrade with the camera.
Just another reason he wanted – needed – to keep the mechanic with him.
Feeling mildly miffed that all the attention in the room had been so easily taken by Coulson after Tony’s amazing feat - he’d managed to power an entire tower with clean energy, that was impressive people - he screwed his nose up.
“And don’t call me Pepper,” Pepper said at the same time.
Steve cautiously moved throughout the ship, taking note of the strangeness that only increased the further they moved into it. They passed through a dining room, meals still sitting on tables half eaten, as though someone was coming back for them. They peered into what appeared to be sleeping quarters and saw beds half made, a young child’s teddy bear laying on its side on the floor, forgotten. They made a few more turns before they reached a securely locked door.
?” Tony muttered to him, head tilted towards him, but eyes remaining focused on the scene unfolding before them.
Welcome home
“Yeah, uh, great,” Tony parroted back like an idiot.
“Jarvis?” Tony asked tentatively. Surely his father hadn’t given Tony’s room to his new sister, had he?
That… that would be a problem.
Clint saluted him with greasy fingers, but made no move to leave the food still on the table.
“They’re not slowin’ down, Captain,” Natasha said loudly.
“No, unlike your sudden desire to see me dead,” Tony couldn’t help the honest hurt that leaked into his voice. A part of him, small though it was, would forever be eighteen and crying in a cell, wondering what in the ‘verse he’d done to have Obie betray him like this. The man he’d seen as a second father, who was all he’d felt he had in the world, had disliked him so much that he’d put out a hit on him. It was madness.
Clint and Natasha had, unsurprisingly, appeared overnight together. Tony was only aware that they were even living at the Tower when he’d wandered into the kitchen to actually eat something - without his usual supply of food or Dummy on smoothie duty, he found himself stuck having to go to an actual kitchen for sustenance - and had found the spy duo eating sandwiches with Bruce. Tony had blinked, made a small ‘huh’ of acknowledgement, and proceeded to steal half of Clint’s sandwich, pushing the archer away when he’d tried to get it back with claims that he was paying for the food, ergo it was all partly his anyway,
Thankfully, Bruce had said it was just a nasty concussion, with a lot of blood for show. The suspiciously boot-shaped bruises on his ribs had made Steve’s blood boil, but cracked ribs healed.
,” he almost spat the word. “There’s plenty a better planet just a bit further along.”
The job, it turned out, was relatively straightforward. Steve couldn’t deny that life was made much easier when most of the leg work was already done for them. Rumiko and her sources had investigated the most likely places that Doctor Cho might be held captive, and after Steve had brought Natasha down into the city dome and let her loose to do her own snooping for a few hours in the afternoon, she had corroborated with the information they’d been provided.
Tony grunted to show he’d heard Steve, but wasn’t planning on moving from where he was fiddling with a communicator’s insides on his workshop bench.
“The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought,” Tony commented as he easily sidestepped his sister. “And I didn’t even qualify,” He glanced over at Phil, ignoring the sting he still felt over that. It wasn’t that he’d wanted to be a part of the super-secret boy band Fury was putting together, but it would have been more fun if he’d refused rather than been told he couldn’t join even if he’d wanted to.
“Right,” Steve said lamely.
“Yeah, sure, no problem. I’m not sure how exciting it will be down here, but you’re welcome to stay for as long you want. Is the couch okay, or would you like some desk space?” he asked, already looking around the workshop for somewhere he could move projects off desks so that Steve would have some space to work.
“Come with me, I have something to make you feel loads better,” Tony got to his feet and, taking hold of her free hand, he led her over to his bed. Pulling out the bedside draw, he rummaged through it for a moment before taking out two cardboard boxes that he placed on the top of the table. Turning to Darcy, he lifted her under her arms onto the bed, before grabbing the boxes and holding them between them.
Copying what the locals were doing, Steve carefully held the husk towards the bottom of the flames, waiting only long enough for it to catch fire, before lifting it and with a jerky shove, sending it into the middle of the growing fire.
a few hours ago, and he wasn’t sure how to go about talking to the man just yet. Usually, when someone was mad at him, he just threw his latest creations at them, or pestered them until they forgave him. But, Steve was an unknown. Last time they’d argued, it had been silence and being away from one another for weeks before they’d really been able to talk like normal human beings again. Tony was pretty sure that approach wasn’t going to work a second time.
A hush fell over the crowd, and Steve glanced towards the bonfire site as a man and woman both stepped forward, husks held in their hands. They lit each others, before turning to quickly ignite the wood and vegetation that made up the bonfire.
“No, the couch is fine, thank you, Tony,” Steve offered another of those shy smiles and Tony gave a curt nod before turning back to what he’d been working on in an effort to hide the flush he could feel heating his skin.
It wasn’t often that they talked on the phone, not video chatting like usual. Tony refused to feel guilty for the sense of relief he felt that she wasn’t going to witness this. He was free to stare at the picture he had of her on the hud, without worrying about what his own face looked like.
” Clint muttered, hand tightening where it had been resting on one of the levers.
Steve wondered for a brief moment if Tony would tell them the same thing that Rumiko had told him. Would he tell everyone about his aversion to his past, his sense of betrayal that led him to drug the woman he was with, steal her money and then burn her house down?
“How did you fair?” Steve asked.
“Well, this isn’t creepy, like silence of the lambs, at all,” he said quietly, eyes looking around carefully.
“You have been hand chosen by me to act as my PA. This privilege is desired by thousands of people, fought for in underground matches that are surely as illegal as they are flattering. You should feel very blessed to have me as your boss. Euphoric, even. Certainly, thankful enough to allow me to call you by what is honestly the best nickname in the history of appointed nicknames.”
There was a general murmur of agreement before the others began to depart.
“Yeah,” he agreed vaguely. “What time is it?”
“He taught me all sorts of recipes when Tony went off to university, mostly – I think – to keep me out of trouble.”
“He would only accept my clearance to enter the house after I gave him the password. A password I didn’t even know,” she sounded amused more than annoyed.
Timbetpal? Why would Tony want to go to a planet like that?
The rondevu point had been on Aquamarine’s limited landing docks on the surface of the oceanic planet. Rumiko had organised for Doctor Cho to get off world for a little while, until the heat around her dissapearence had died down and Tiberius had left for one of the Rim planets of the ‘verse.
That hurt,” Tony whined as soon as the tape was gone, his tongue darted out to wet his dry, sore lips.
But he was tired.
Steve turned back to Natasha to ask where she’d last seen Thor, when there was a dull thud, followed by Tony letting out a squawk before a crashing sound filled the air. Spinning around, hand resting on his gun instinctively, Steve let out an exasperated sigh at the sight of Tony sprawled over a luggage rack, the large suitcase on the ground he’d tripped over was peeking out from the bottom rung below him.
“Thought you might have to be useful for the crew, to fly with you,” Tony shrugged slightly.
“So, are you actually planning on punching Clint in the face or just imagining it?” Steve looked at her blankly.
“I’ll have you know I looked very dashing, like a very young, genius, multimillionaire, CEO,” he put on his most obnoxious voice, pleased when she finally gave in and laughed loudly.
“Now, Mr Stark, you’ve had another one of your episodes, do you remember? We were in the middle of a lunch-time conversation when you reacted violently, throwing your food,” Traveller explained slowly.
It wasn’t until they all happened to be coming up the elevator together for breakfast one morning, that they found out.
“Tis a most pleasing way to pass the time!” he declared for all around them to hear, not that anyone appeared to be paying him much attention.
“Never exactly like that, no,” he said after a pause. “I’ve seen people who’ve had operations that’ve left scarring like that, though. The occasional person with a closed mouth about what planet they’ve been to that resulted in metal being inserted into various parts of their bodies. Crude prosthetics from backend alleyways in more Core planets. That kind of thing.”
“I would’a thought that’d be more of an anthropological inquiry.”
“S’ve?” Tony tried to get his mouth working, blinking dust from his eyes and trying to force his thoughts into something of an orderly fashion.
“My control, snapping,” Steve managed to flick open the button, pulling down the zip as he licked from Tony’s shoulder to ear where he sucked lightly on the lobe.
“Tony,” Steve smiled in a way that made Tony’s heart hurt. It was like everything he was saying was hurting Steve. “Mr Banner is the secretary who works on the first floor, and the person you call ‘Thor’ is Doctor Donald Blake in the physical rehabilitation clinic. Clint Barton is the Institutes janitor and Miss Romanov works for Miss Potts as her PA, you met her a few years ago when Miss Potts had to come out here to get you to sign over the rest of the controlling interest in Stark Industries to Justin Hammer,” Steve explained patiently.
“Captain, everythin’ okay?” Clint asked as soon as Steve was in sight.
“Tony, my boy, what can I do for you?” the man’s familiar voice was calm as ever, causing Tony’s racing heart to steady slightly.
“There’s a vanilla bean cake right there waiting to be eaten,” Darcy pointed out, purposely pretending to ignore the significance of the cake in the oven.
“I thought you had given this to young Miss Darcy?” the butler asked curiously.
“Tony, when was the last time you slept?” she asked, walking towards him and ignoring the other Avengers sitting in the room.
"Hey, you might be happy to let that idiot get away with sayin' shit, but I know exactly what this kind of crate is for," Tony called to him, clicking open the latch mechanism with a pleased sound before flipping open the lid and jumping back triumphantly.
“You’re not working on what you’re meant to be working on, though,” Pepper’s voice was exasperated.
Honestly, who was it that was teaching his AI to be a snarky so-and-so?
Tony didn’t think he’d ever been so happy to reach the Tower before. He was the first one out of the car, ‘women first’ be dammed.
They stayed there, occasionally commenting on the music or the people around them.
Disappointment spread across Steve’s face.
Despite his best attempts not to, Steve felt himself stiffen. Stupid Clint and his big mouth. Though loyal to a fault, the pilot was inclined to spill any and all secrets and gossip whenever it was Natasha doing the asking. Really, they were lucky she didn’t work against them or they’d be screwed.
A part of him that was sappily romantic felt as though he'd be happy to follow the other man wherever he led in the 'verse.
“Miss Potts,” Tony said regally, proving that he did actually know the woman’s real name.
Darcy stared at him for a moment before glancing between the two boxes once more.
“Captain Rogers, disengage your engines and prepare for immediate boarding.”
Stark Heir Missing in Action – Has the Young Leader of Stark Galactic Disappeared?
“Dummy, go fix up that table like you were meant to do yesterday,” he gently pushed the bot away, sad beeps letting him know that the bot was now sulking as it did what was asked of it at a glacial pace.
Fury’s fun-killing vibes filled the room and Tony watched as the Director had his little moment. The way Rogers lit up slightly at getting the Wizard of Oz reference was both ridiculous and cute, the former winning out in the war of emotions displayed across Tony’s face. Not wanting to listen to Fury get really worked up, Tony pulled Bruce from the room and off to the lab where they could work in relative peace.
“The kind that means you have to get up!” she had pulled back as she spoke, landing another thump on him to punctuate her words.
“We’d really like it if you would join us. We’re apparently watching some newly released movie that Darcy’s been going on about. Something to do with singing groups, I think?” Steve looked adorably confused for a moment, before he smiled shyly at Tony.
“She was in a horrible state though, what have you been doin' to her?” Tony continued, seemingly unaware of Steve’s brief misunderstanding and everyone else’s’ amusement.
He’d only made it as far as Stark Tower, the shining beacon on this side of the planet, when his memory stopped.
“Tony?” Darcy asked, voice tinged with curiosity and hope through the phone line.
“I don’t care,” Tony shrugged, reaching out to take another sip from his coffee cup, only to find it swiped out of his hand.
“I don’t
They walked over to the grass, sitting down in a clear area where they could still hear the music, but it wasn’t so loud that they couldn’t converse with one another if they wanted to.
“It’s a living,” she shrugged.
“Apparently, it’s a tradition here that when they light the bonfire to signify the end of the harvest, you throw the husks into the flames and the harvest gods will watch over you and grant you a bountiful new year,” Tony explained, his left arm brushing Steve’s.
Tony had only seen his mother briefly in passing twice since she and Howard had held the press conference to announce the pregnancy to the world. Tony, himself, had found out about it after his teacher had heard it on the TV and thought to congratulate him on his expanding family.
Pepper had proved herself to be terrifyingly competent in a crisis and before Steve knew it, she had acquired them USC soldier uniforms and strongarmed them into breaking into Stark mansion and searching it for Tony. Pepper had seemed convinced that this would be the place Obadiah Stane took Tony. Steve had no idea where to start looking so had gone along with her.
“Jarvis, fire up your ink and quill, this is going to take a while.”
Steve wasn’t too surprised by that, she had to have a strong backbone to be friends with both Tony and Natasha.
“Oh, Cupcake, come here,” he moved back from the robot AI he was so close to finishing and opened his arms to her without a second thought. His creations would still be there in a moment, right now he had a little sister to look after.
conversation, the comfort of the workshop with its familiar whirling and the lights of the bots and technology was one of the only things to keep them at bay. Tony wasn’t about to deny her a safe place to sleep, even if it meant he had been doing all his work without his usual deafening decibel of music as company.
“Like their daddy, I assume,” Steve snorted, missing the flush that spread over Tony’s cheeks at his words due to Dummy happily shoving his camera in Steve’s face.
“Who indeed,” Steve said, relaxing once more as the hand lingered too long to be casual.
“Told. So,” Tony managed to get out.
On one hand, they were an efficient way to deliver news to a mass audience in an environment that he could exercise a degree of control in. It didn’t always stop the reporters from writing nasty little stories and twisting his words, but he was able to pick and choose what bits of his life he wanted to tell the world, and what he was determined to keep close to his chest, a lot more literally in some cases.
“I think Tony’s been hit,” Steve said, getting off the bike and shoving his gun into its holster. He let go of the back of the man’s shirt, only to grip onto his shoulder a moment later in an effort to push him upright so that they could see where he’d been injured.
“Indeed,” she said, voice just as soft.
“Looks like their stabilisers have been damaged,” Clint muttered, hands working over the controls and causing a small screen to light up amongst the various screens before him.
“Celebrate what?” Tony asked, years of experience telling him that his sister was about to unleash some kind of mayhem on his life.
He was further surprised when he saw that they weren’t alone in the lounge, but that the rest of the Tower’s residences - minus Jane - were in the room too, none of them looking particularly pleased.
The thought curled through the back of his mind and took up residence with other established facts like the grass was green, Darcy baked the best cakes and E = mc
“Yeah, well…” Tony couldn’t help but let the grin break free and laughed. “You should have seen your face.”
“That is good to hear. You have been greatly missed at home.”
This was why it never could have worked between Pepper and him. When he’d first met her, he’d felt the attraction and desire for her beauty and fiery personality. She was strong and didn’t take any of his crap, probably a perfect match for him really, if he was being honest. But then she’d had to spend almost ten years looking after him like this, as if he was some kind of spoilt child who’d never learned to look after himself properly. He was Peter Pan and she was Wendy, he would never grow up and she was always maturing.
Tony had only been on the hunt for one of Darcy’s cupcakes when he’d entered the kitchen to find the now familiar sight of Steve sitting at the kitchen table, physical newspaper in front of him as he read the days’ headlines. He hadn’t even really thought about it, mind still occupied with the material composition of Captain America’s suit, when the words left his mouth without any kind thought of their reception.
He only managed a few steps before the Creeper exploded behind him, sending Tony, dirt and stone flying into the air.
When the all clear had been given, Natasha opened the airlock door and Clint, Tony and Bruce moved forward to help lug the boxes into the cargo hold properly, while Steve and Thor removed their space suits.
“We know nothing about him.”
“No. There was a man, and he told me you’d gone away and wouldn’t see me anymore,” her voice was slightly muffled by the material of his shirt, one hand flexing and then relaxing in the cloth covering his chest. Tony tightened his arms around her.
“So, out of curiosity, why was it that I was called an idiot when I so innocently came down here - temporarily ignoring the impossibility of such a thing seeing as I am a genius and all.”
“You’re always doing something you shouldn’t. And don’t you dare open that!” she added, and he froze, hand an inch from the oven door.
“What kinda ship is it?” Tony called out from behind where Steve had been reaching for his own space suit.
Steve remained silent for a long moment as he stared at the lazily spinning ship through the large window before him.
“Do you think it’s back-up for the USC?” Natasha leant forward as well.
He slid his hands around Tony’s waist, rubbing his thumps up and down the space above his hips.
, this?
The doors opened and Steve walked into the workshop, a look of complete wonder and curiosity overtaking his features as his eyes tracked around the room, mouth slightly open. Tony couldn’t help but feel a sense of pride at the reaction. The workshop was definitely Tony’s space; full of half-finished projects and lots of metal and ‘futuristic’ technology like the holoscreens and the bots moving about the area. It pleased him to no end to see someone clearly impressed with it all.
“Coffee and inventing are more fun.”
Out of everything she’d said thus far, this was the one thing she seemed to be particularly upset about. Apparently, encounters of the alien kind didn’t bother her as much as not being able to listen to her music when she fancied.
“I can’t sleep now, it’s an important time.”
“You goin’ to give him a right soldin’, Captain?” Clint asked, voice full of mirth.
“He started it,” Tony crossed his arms and slumped into the seat.
“Doesn’t look like anyone’s here. Let’s go back to the ship and get everyone ready to come over and scavenge what we can,” Steve said, turning back to Thor and allowing his gun to fall harmlessly to his side.
“Okay, is everyone ready?” Pepper asked, standing before the assembled Avengers in the small waiting room off of where the conference tables were set up, individual microphones set up to pick up everything they said for the reporters who would be seated in front of them.
“Jarvis’s cake? What, did you get him to calculate the perfect percentages or something?” Clint asked with a snort of laughter.
“Not yet,” Steve said.
“Take the next few hours to decide. We’re not leaving Ariel till nightfall. Come back then if you wanna be part of this ship, but if not, no hard feelin’s. I’m sure you’ll keep our extracurricular activities to yourself?” He tapered off in a question.
“Not at all. But we’re about to find out if Tony is workin' for the USC after all.”
“What?”
“See, someone knows how to be helpful around here, rather than just watching me suffer,” Tony grouched at the rest of the room, which was definitely everyone now that he didn’t have an archer shaped obstacle in his face.
– fuck
Sparky’s metal body had been reengineered into a lightweight but hard wearing metal, the various joints piecing together to look seamless. Tony had made a new tail from scratch and hidden away all the electronics within the canine body. His camera eyes were hidden behind two small bullet proof glass lenses, painted carefully to resemble a real dog’s eyes. He was now about the size of a Pomeranian, though Tony had decided to keep the slightly too large jaw as a touch of character and a homage to the robotic dog’s origins.
“You ever been here before?” Tony asked.
, get shot down before his eyes. Survival instinct kicked in, and he threw open the door and stumbled from the vehicle, ducking behind a rock onto the sand. Fumbling in his pocket, he managed to pull out his phone, brain fuzzy as to what the hell he was meant to do with it.
Founding Family Patriarch Howard Stark Dies in Tragic Spacecraft Accident
Tony had taken it upon himself to send a rather offical looking letter to SG, declaring that he would not be taking over the business, but instead intended for Pepper to take over. He had muttered for hours about how it was going to drive the board members mad that he'd been alive this whole time and simply not returned to the company. Steve had steered clear of his room during that time, the mutterings sounding a little too evil villain for him to put up with while holding a straight face.
When Steve looked up some two hours later, having just finished adding highlight to Tony’s hair so that they matched the gentle play of light from the holoscreens surrounding him, Steve found the man in question listing to the side slightly, eyes half mast as he tried to stay awake.
“Make sure to save me one, Darc,” Tony gave his sister a quick pat to the shoulder as he passed her, knowing she’d heard when she made a small hum of agreement.
“You’ve lost, Doctor Traveller. Do as the lady says,” Steve’s voice was all Captain America, no room for disagreements.
A clap to his shoulder surprised him, not having seen the other man move closer.
“It looks nice,” Tony said honestly, eyes tracking over the simple but clean wooden table tops with square chairs, each table holding a small vase that held three fresh flowers in various colours, no doubt picked that very morning. There was a small selection of baked goods in the cabinet at the back of the store beside an old fashion cash-register.
nervous tics.
Only, it wasn’t just the Dark outside, there was space debris before them, something that looked suspiciously like what had once been a space craft. Parts of the ship were definitely missing, but the general shape of a hull was there, along with what looked like half a cargo hold that was spinning lazily in a circle.
“Have you and Pepper been comparing notes again?”
“You must be Anthony Stark,” the man’s voice was cool and calm, sounding just like a psychiatrist.
Steve tapered down on the urge to hit the idiot before him over the head and shove him in an airlock, making Tony a problem for someone else.
“What’s this for?” he asked, looking around and realising the people near them held corn husks as well.
“You are the best thing I could have ever had in my life. I got to have the most amazing childhood because you were there, doing everything you could to make me happy. You were my brother, my parental figure, and my best friend. You went to every one of my school events, you patched up all my scraped knees and you always, always,
Bruce hummed thoughtfully before responding.
“Among other things. Primarily, they’re used as a scapegoat for people who aren’t ballsy enough to kill people off themselves. If the price is right, they’ll agree to make someone disappear, though killin’ them outright is rarely their objective. They control a series of battle ready spacecraft that circuit out in the Rim. At least one of the ships is used primarily for human experimentation, another for endurance exercises. They sell the knowledge they acquire from their
There was significantly less screaming now, but still a lot of yelling, mostly what sounded like SHIELD directions, no doubt by now they had infiltrated the bottom floors of the building after the Avengers had cleared them.
“Come over here,” she said, pulling him along as she spoke.
“It is just after eight in the morning, Young Miss,” Jarvis helpfully supplied, as Tony had no idea what time it was, what with there being no windows in the workshop.
“I am sure you understand that Tony and I were once quite close. A few years ago, he just suddenly appeared in my life. He was so handsome and intelligent, I felt myself fall for him very quickly. He reciprocated my feelings,” she said, a sad smile in place.
Coming up beside Thor, Steve peered at where he’d managed to pull away a twisted sheet of iron, exposing two standard issue travel boxes. Steve grinned and clapped Thor on the shoulder before they each quickly took a box, both of them large enough that, depending on how heavy they were once back on the ship, they might hold something good.
Tony, however, had seemed more amused by the whole situation than worried about it. Steve would question the man’s sanity, but from what he’d observed so far, he wasn’t crazy – at least, not in a conventional way, his love of The Avenger’s engine was a definite quirk.
“But,” he swallowed, needing to get the words out no matter how painful. “But it wasn’t any good. It was nothing but a failed project. The specs for it were rushed, it’s jaw is wrong and it didn’t have any audio features. The camera had limited capabilities and it could only sit or stand, not even walk,” he rattled off the problems with it, taking a breath to continue when she cut him off.
Steve remained where he was, mind wandering to the engine room where he knew Tony was currently crooning to the bloody engine like it was his baby he was trying to sooth. As ridiculous as the man’s antics were, no one could deny that they’d never had such a long period of efficient travel. The engine had been working like it was brand new ever since the man had laid his hands on it.
“What on Earth-that-was have they done to you?” Tony finally muttered, his eyes still fixed on the engine.
“What’s goin’ on?” Tony asked as he came towards them from down another hallway, looking a little worse for ware and totting a cart of machinery he’d obviously liberated from the engine room.
Tony hated him on sight.
“Tony, oh my god, what the hell is happening in New York? It’s all over the news and they’re saying aliens are attacking and-” her voice was bordering on hysterical.
“Nope,” the siblings shared an identical smile.
Steve took the credits from Rumiko with satisfaction once she had seen her scientist returned whole and unharmed.
“See you later, boys, don’t destroy anything while I’m away,” Tony called out to the bots, who dutifully beeped and whirled in response, Dummy dropping the blender he was holding as if on cue. Tony and Steve pretended not to notice and stepped into the elevator.
The mechanic was frozen for a moment, before his hands slid up Steve’s chest, one hand twining into the hair at the base of Steve’s neck, while the other hand clamped down on his shoulder as though a preemptive measure so Steve couldn’t pull away.
“Natasha,” Steve said quietly when she reached him, taking her hand and kissing it.
“That there is Jane’s old boyfriend who up and disappeared on her a few years ago,” Darcy explained.
That he didn’t appear to be after anything else was… unheard of.
The next few hours were a blur that Tony would never quite remember clearly, his world only re-establishing itself when he suddenly found himself walking into a smallish room and seeing his nine-year-old sister turning to face him, big green eyes full of tears and cheeks flushed pink.
“Okay,” Tony sighed, shoulders relaxing, before he turned to Darcy, her head bowed as she openly cried, silent but for the occasional sniffle.
“You’re familiar with their weapons?” Steve asked. Tony had only ever used a black-market laser gun in the time Steve had known him.
He was loath to admit it, but press conferences had been instrumental in teaching him how to think on his feet.
“Oh, uh, yeah. Sure, let’s go,” Tony nodded, moving to get up as Steve stepped back to give him room.
The whole, ‘communal movie viewing’ was… different.
In the end, all it took was an offer of lunch at a burger joint and Tony was happily on board. Steve felt that it had been a bit too easy, but was reluctant to look a gift horse in the mouth. So in what Steve was privately positive was one of the best first dates to have ever happened – no awkward silences, uncomfortable moments or even Avengers calls – Steve found himself with a boyfriend and thus permission to ogle at the sight of said boyfriend whenever he wanted. Which he did want, numerous times each and every day.
Tony felt himself relax, a mixture of relief and joy filling him as he watched Darcy continue to pet the dogs head.
"Special circumstances here, Cap."
She couldn’t have been all that bad if both Tony and Natasha liked her.
“Okay,” Tony agreed, arm falling to his side. “I guess I’ll pick a table?” he offered, feeling the need to do something.
The sudden onset storm, coupled with the arrival and departure of Thor and Loki, made them pause their conversation and Tony was happy to leave the Captain behind as he went after the two gods alone.
“Tony,” she hesitated for a moment, before ploughing on, one hand moving to take his own hand that he hadn’t even realised had begun tapping repetitively against the arc in his chest. “You know that you don’t have to make them anything. You’re already giving them somewhere to live and you’re footing the bill to feed them. That
,” he shot a nasty look at where Darcy huddled on the floor, the unsaid
“Captain, any attempts to resist boarding or trying to flee will result in an automatic arrest warrant generation.”
“So, do you think you can work with it?” Steve asked when the silence dragged on.
“I’m lookin’ for someone to work some maintenance on my ships' engine on the way in to Ariel. If you’re interested?” He offered.
“Is it lunch time?” he asked, happily dropping his pencil on the table top and turning away from his desk.
“Just like this, fucking you out in the open where anyone could walk in on us.” Steve’s voice had lowered to an almost growl now, struggling slightly with trying to get Tony out of his clothes in their seated position.
“My point is; you haven’t even given the future a chance yet, Steve. Holing yourself up in the Tower won’t get you anywhere good, you need to get out there a bit. When you’re ready to do that, come find me,” wisdom imparted, Tony turned and left the kitchen, heading for the elevator and his workshop, taking another bite of the frankly delicious cupcake as he walked.
“We found him in the middle of a bar fight, then he saved the Captain credits on buyin’ the new core. Like he ain’t gonna latch onto a man like that.”
“Pepper!” he
Like anything
“You’re not unconscious.” Steve teased lightly.
“Just how many of these have you had, Captain Rules and Priorities?” Tony asked, a chuckle escaping him as he gestured to their drinks.
“Yes, let us partake in our morning meal!” Thor agreed enthusiastically, moving forwards towards the pop tart cupboard.
Yinsen gave him a contemplating look before he nodded slightly, as if he truly believed that there was a fraction of a chance that Tony could get them out of this alive. That the future Tony could now see in his mind had a chance in hell of become a reality.
Tony opened his mouth to enquire as to what was wrong, when a dreaded hissing sound came from behind him. Tony didn’t even waste time looking behind him for the source; he already knew what he would find. A terrible creature standing on four stubby little legs and as tall as Steve, matted green skin and a life’s goal of blowing people up.
Sometimes, Tony wondered if Fury
She had been having similar variations of the dream since their father and Jarvis had died.
hanging around him. It was incredible what just under a month of near constant contact could do to a person.
Tony’s eyed darted around for a moment, flickering up to Steve, to his door, to the empty corridor around them.
As the mechanic was about to slip around a corner, he suddenly did a double take and froze where he stood. Then, before Steve could work out what it was that had caught his attention so thoroughly, he was off in a different direction. It only took Steve two streets before he realised that Tony was no longer headed with a destination in mind, rather he was following someone.
“The one and only,” she grinned hugely before moving towards him and throwing her arms around his neck in an exuberant hug.
It was just like Tony to do something as stupid as falling for his nurse.
Tony folded like a cheap suit.
“Darcy, it’s the carpark. My carpark, for that matter,” he glanced down at himself, still only wearing his boxers from when he’d crashed earlier and a black singlet. If he were a more modest man, he’d probably be embarrassed to be parading around in a carpark - of all places - in nothing else. Even if it was his own, private carpark where only his cars, Steve’s bike, and Happy’s limo were stored.
“Oh, hi, Steve.”
- and how Coulson had shown up and confiscated all of Doctor Foster’s research and Darcy’s StarkPlayer.
“Tony-”
Steve only relaxed when the other ship had finally disappeared into the Dark. Clint had remained remarkably silent as he’d steered The Avenger away, exercising his limited tact into not asking about Steve’s sudden change of heart. One thing Steve knew his crew collectively agreed upon, was that their Captain always tried to act in their best interests. While he was sure that someone – probably Natasha – would come fishing for answers at some point, for now they were amenable to follow Steve’s orders without question. Steve paused an extra few seconds to lay a thankful hand upon his pilot’s shoulder before he left to check on the rest of the crew.
Tony looked beautiful when he laughed. The way his eyes crinkled at the corners, the rich sound of his laughter and the warmth of his body when they both tried to get to the sink at the same time.
“Tony-” Pepper was cut off by the sudden ringing of a phone.
Looking briefly at Steve’s rooms, it still looked mostly the same as Tony had left it, with the older and retro furnishings in the room. But, it did look a little lived in, if only for the numerous piles of books that were stacked neatly in the bookshelves and on the coffee table. There was even a throw blanket folded and left on the arm of the couch. Tony wasn’t sure what, exactly, he’d been expecting, but he’d hoped for a little something… more; if the feeling of disappointment in his gut was anything to go by.
“Open it,” she gently encouraged, rocking up onto her tiptoes for a moment, before falling back with a dull thud that echoed in the car park.
“Oi! Asshole!”
Tony was going to
The look on Steve’s face, however, made him relax slightly, though confusion filled him all the same. The soldier looked more affectionately amused than irritated, that familiar small smile quirking his lips upwards, his chin resting on a palm. There was some ridiculous looking sugary drink in front of him, as well as a plate with two scones, jam and cream in little dishes beside it.
“No. No Googleing. We agreed that you get to test out new Stark Tech as long as you never, ever, use it to Google me.”
Nothing happened.
“It’s just Clint’s quiver.”
“Pepper, my dove, how nice of you to stop by.”
“It was work,” Steve rubbed a thumb absentmindedly across his new mug, the condensation catching and dripping down the side of his hand and pooling where his forearm met the table top.
Walking down a hallway, Tony turned into what looked like an office and immediately, he was assaulted with the iron smell of blood in the room. Scrunching his nose up within the suit, he looked around and spied a woman’s leg half hidden behind the overturned desk. Moving over to her, the sight before him made his stomach turn and he had to look away to prevent himself from gagging.
Steve stared at him as he weighed his options. Tony was leaning as far forward in his seat as his restraints would allow, as though he’d be following right after Steve given half a chance. His brown eyes were trained on Steve, mouth set in a determined line.
“A little flour never hurt anyone. Now, tell me, how long until it’s ready,” he asked, rubbing his hands together as he focused on the important issues.
The Helicarrier really was a thing of beauty; Tony would flat out call someone on their lie if they said otherwise. Tucking away his suit in the area he had designed just for this specific purpose, he’d known SHIELD would need to call him in eventually and there was no reason for him to use the crummy, cramped SHIELD recruits’ storage area. He stepped out of the room and wasn’t entirely surprised to find Phil waiting in the corridor for him.
“Come on, Darcy. Work hard, Tony,” Pepper gave him her own short hug and received a quick kiss to the cheek before the two women moved towards the elevator with Phil, who had been waiting patiently.
“Is there any way we can bluff our way out of a boarding?” Natasha directed her question to Steve.
I apologise - profusely.
“Okay! Yes, I know you’re there! We have company, in case you hadn’t noticed, so how about you pretend you know what good behaviour is and you go and say hi?” Tony gently pushed the inquisitive bot towards Steve, who looked almost as curious.
Pulling his finger from its warm cocoon, much to the distressed cry of the other man, Steve reached up for one of Tony’s hands, pulling it to his mouth and sucking down on one of his fingers before he could get a more coherent complaint than a whine from his throat. Tony’s huge brown eyes started up at him, locked on the sight of his finger in Steve’s mouth as Steve twisted his tongue around the digit like it was Tony’s cock.
The rest of the crew worked quickly to get the ship back into the sky and, in a matter of minutes, they were leaving Timbetpal behind.
“That’s in the opposite direction of where we’re headin’, Tony,” Steve crossed his arms over his chest, frustration hiding his confusion.
Finally, it was when Tony’s full weight slumped against him, that Steve realised the other had dozed off.
“Clint, put our visitors’ stuff in the cargo hold while I show him down to the engine room. Then I want you up on the bridge, let’s get this bird in the sky.”
“You have got to be kidding me,” Tony groaned, eyes trained on the miniature army wandering about the flat area between them and home. “What, was there a monster meeting sign we missed out on? Because I would have complained to the community about the location.”
of ‘fine’,” she muttered before pulling her hand away and moving over to the large, sleek black chair by the tall window showing the skyline of New York City.
“Noted,” Steve said with amusement as Darcy merely rolled her eyes.
So, Tony had retreated to his room and sat down at the large mahogany desk that was normally covered with bits and pieces of metal and electrical wires, the clean table top evidence of Jarvis having tided up while Tony had been away. Really, that was code for: ‘Jarvis put everything on the desk into a box and will withhold its location until Tony does what the man wants him to’.
“Let’s go then, we’re wasting our time,” Natasha moved away from him, telling Clint to get up to the bridge and start the preflight routine.
It was almost comical, how quickly things fell apart. The way an argument could escalate to the Helicarrier almost being grounded, how the Hulk was now gone. Thor was gone. Phil was… gone.
– Pay attention to the freighter, number “Avenger”, ID card registration number 110-412. Previously issued detention and arrest warrants on behalf of the World Security Council. Suspension in the name of the law and preparation for boarding immediately.
“Darcy, you know you’re not to wander around the manor without adult supervision,” he said softly, hands resting on her shoulders and a concerned frown on his face.
“Since the Fantastic Four have gone AWOL this week, it’s fallen to us to play clean up,” Clint explained as he flew the Quinjet to Kentucky, where Doom had decided he would take over the world - and seriously,
With a great heave, he pushed his hips up and managed to unseat Obie where he was perched above him. The older man let out a surprised grunt and released Tony’s wrists in order to catch himself and prevent his face from connecting with the tile.
For such large creatures, they were still just bugs. The battle didn’t last longer than twenty minutes, and the six met up afterwards next to where the SHIELD Agents had appeared with large containment vans for the clean-up.
“Tony Stark happens to be my ridiculous brother,” she said, jerking a thumb at Tony as she spoke.
“Get to your point, Natasha.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Captain,” the woman – Pepper – said pleasantly.
The baleful look Clint shot her was almost worth listening to the duos conversation. Steve, however, had more pressing things to concern himself with, namely why it was that Tony had insisted on stopping here and where he was going right now.
All errors are mine.
“An error that has since been corrected, I assure you, Sir,” Jarvis’s voice filled the room.
He reached out and pressed the communications link button on the control panel so that he could send a polite response to the USC ship.
“I can drop you both,” Phil said agreeably.
Tony looked surprised, as if he’d been expecting to get the third degree from Steve. The lines around his mouth eased as did the line of his body when the tension slowly left him.
Steve had been a soldier.
“Well, that’s improvement, I guess,” he sighed, idly spinning the Captain’s completed room in the air before him.
“Just thinkin' about New, New York.”
The first time it had happened, Tony had made himself a bit of a nest on the den floor, surrounded by a pile of shoes and armed with shoe polish, a rag, and a problem with the propulsion system in a stealth boat he was making for SHIELD. Steve was sitting quietly on the couch, sketchpad open and pencil sweeping across the pages as he tried to capture the slightly pinched expression around Tony’s eyes, when Clint entered the room.
But Steve held his wrist still; leaning over so that their noses were almost touching and he was sure he had at least 50% of Tony’s attention.
The two managed to walk quietly in the direction of home for another few minutes when a distant light finally greeted them. A low lying flat spread out between them at the edge of the forest and a large mountain wherein their home was located in the hollowed out centre.
– Jesus
The archer had taken one look at the mumbling genius and a grin had stretched across his face. Making his way towards the couch, no doubt to turn the television on, he had thrown a wink over his shoulder to Tony and the comment:
“Ta me de,” he groaned.
“We’re going to have so much fun! We can play tea parties or Captain America and I’ll be real good so Jarvis will teach me how to make the Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake cos I know it’s your favouritest one ever. And I can show you the new drawings I did in Miss Mac’s lessons this week. And-" Tony happily sat and listened as she continued to happily babble on about the various things they could do over the weekend, knowing he’d made the right decision in choosing to go home.
The start of the dancing had women swarm for Tony and he’d internally cringed before an idea occurred to him.
It was only when they’d parked the ship at the main port in Ariel that Steve came to a decision as the crew stood in the cargo hold, the ramp slowly lowering and granting them the first breath of fresh, nonfiltered air since Tadamori.
Tony shrugged awkwardly, seeming to slip back into whatever trance-like state he had been in before Steve had appeared.
“What time is it?” she asked, a hand rubbing at her eyes.
“Sleep, Tony. You need it.”
“Thank you so much!” she looked up at him with a huge grin on her face before darting in for a quick hug, the dog held carefully to the side so that it wouldn’t be crushed between them.
“Captain, you may wanna come up here.”
“Why is there a plant in the kitchen?” Tony asked, mind stuck on the foreign sight.
“Tell that to my achin’ gut,” he grunted.
Steve’s hand tightened on his gun and he stood up straight, watching Tony carefully.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Tony said, dryly.
“Come on, Thor, let’s go ice your bruised cheek,” Bruce said, having deemed everyone in the bridge in no immediate danger.
“This is good, just as good, I’m sure. Darcy, you’re a wonderful baker,” Steve said, shooting Tony a reprimanding frown.
“Wait,” Tony suddenly looked a little mind boggled. “That’s
Not that he would admit it, but Tony’s ears were still slightly ringing from the volume of Steve’s lecture.
They broke through the crowd and the woman led them past the game stalls to a small tent that was more like a few large swatches of fabric being held up by rope. A pallet of straw was on the ground to act as a bed, with two wooden chairs in what remained of the small space.
“What did you tell me about?” He asked
Tony was ready to lie down on the couch and sleep for a month. It had been a rough couple of weeks, made worse by Vanko, the government trying to get his Iron Man suits and then SHIELD sticking its nose in - not that Tony was upset he had been saved, he just would’ve liked to have figured out the cure himself. He was just getting his wish, sitting down on the couch, when Jarvis altered him to an incoming call from his sister.
“If you break that table, I will deny you cake,” Darcy pointed a mitten-clad hand at him as she moved over to where Tony was still standing in front of the oven.
The relief he felt, when he realised just where it was that Loki planned to make his grand attack on Earth, was almost like a physical weight was lifted off his shoulders. Loki would launch his attack in New York City. Darcy was in DC. He almost sank to his knees in relief.
Steve had a brief moment of disappointment, but the feeling faded quickly when Tony turned and linked their hands together on the table, his calloused fingers slipping between Steve’s own. Contentment curled within his chest and he leaned back in his chair, sipping on his ale with his other hand.
by the carefully aim barbs. That, and maybe the little bit of guilt lurking in the back of his mind regarding his own words and actions in the face of the man who was all but his childhood hero.
This was an illusion, that was all. He just had to hold on for the rest of his team to arrive and break it, then hopefully knock that wannabe quack on his ass.
Clint flicked a few buttons and suddenly the bridge was filled with an unfamiliar voice.
“Do you want to talk about it? It’s not about that ridiculous Y2K Bug thing, is it?” he asked quietly, stroking back her hair as she let out a small sniff. Darcy had been extremely concerned about the whole thing when she’d seen the news reporting on people’s panic over it. Tony thought people needed to calm the hell down.
Of course, being sickeningly romantic wasn’t all they did - Clint’s choice of words, not Tony’s. Life continued on outside, and their happy little bubble burst three weeks after their first date.
“This is amazing,” he finally said.
Over the course of the next hour the others trickled back. Bruce arrived with a large bag, almost bursting at the seams with what Steve guessed would be medical equipment and supplies, no doubt liberated from somewhere. Clint had turned up with a large grin on his face, no other bags, but the definite smell of the beer the planet Achernar, or
“We’re good to go, Captain. That new compression core’s workin’ wonders and the engine is once more up and runnin’ just this side of efficient-like,” Clint reported cheerfully, before glancing back at Natasha and grinning.
“Steve?” Bruce broke into their stare down hesitantly. “What’s going on?”
“It was completely unexpected, I wasn’t thinkin’ I’d fall in love on your ship, but I have to thank you for pickin' me up.”
“I like the paper,” Steve said, voice tense and the sound of scrunching paper filling the kitchen.
“Aye, you do us proud, dear Captain. We must stand united against all those who seek to divide us,” Thor banged his fist on the table top, causing all the plates and forks to rattle dangerously.
New, New York was only a small sized moon, but it boasted having one of the most densely populated places in all the ‘verse. A mixture of recreated landmarks from Earth-that-was, and the latest technological trends sweeping the rich and famous, it was exactly the kind of flashy place Steve liked to avoid.
“Greetings,” she said, once the waiter had left the room. She stood near Nick, but Steve noted that she left enough space between them for it to be clear that there was limited trust there.
Tony sat back on his heels, the gun in his hand coming to rest over his lap. His lips were pressed together in a frown, a line between his eyebrows visible on his face.
“Old girlfriend?”
“Tony!” Steve yelled, half angry and half surprised by the sudden movement.
“I feel… lonely,” Tony finally managed to push the word from behind his teeth. “And… undeserving.”
Looking over, Tony refused to think of what he must look like to the new arrival, sitting on a stool in a tuxedo with a robot in his face and his little sister laughing away on the couch, a dress that had probably cost thousands scrunched up around her legs like it was from the bargain bin at Target.
“Yes, she-” Jarvis broke off and Tony could just make out the sound of a voice in the background, before there was a muffled noise.
“Well,” Tony forced his body to relax and slump casually. “I’ve had enough practice, I’ve been doing this since I was a teenager,” he shrugged.
Good, strong and kind, Steve. Tony knew he’d always had the luck of a cat, landing on his feet as many times as he had in his short life, but there was nothing in all the ‘verse that could have prepared him for meeting Steve and his crew all those months ago on Stattgart. He’d gotten into plenty of bar fights before, his mouth two steps ahead of his brain at times, but he’d never had someone help him. Yinsen had always left him to his drink by the time he became outspoken, and the rest of the time he’d been alone. People didn’t tend to involve themselves in other peoples’ dramas, especially where liquor was involved.
It was going as usual, police issue laser guns were notoriously unreliable if you asked Steve, when a sudden pained sound caught his attention. He only just managed to flinch backwards, Tony’s head just missing colliding with his own as the other man jerked back against the cargo and into Steve.
“I know that Maria Stark didn’t particularly care for her son, that she had hardly anything to do with him, and if asked a question about him in an interview she always got the answer wrong or had someone else fill in the blanks for her. I found out when I was fourteen; I was curious about all you said and so I Googled her,” her smile turned slightly amused. “Needless to say, I was pretty surprised when there wasn’t one mention of any of the things you used to tell me she did with you, and would have wished to have done with me.”
Steve had been reluctant to venture so far into the Core planets to get to New, New York, but their contact had insisted that they deliver the goods there and he wanted to get paid.
“Clint, get us out of here. I don’t want anyone seein’ us.”
Steve wouldn’t say he was obsessed when it came to the people he cared about, but he was definitely thorough. He liked to know as much as possible about them, not necessarily to do anything with that knowledge, but just to be aware. His crew was his family, and having a member of that so blatantly holding back a part of themselves was frustrating.
The polishing and muttering combo suddenly stopped, however, and a manic gleam entered Tony’s eyes as he sat up straight.
“Tony,” her voice was weaselling already, before she pointed the camera phone at the television. The news coverage of the biggest thing to happen in science in years, that of Doctor Banner’s recent exposure of gamma radiation and subsequent development of an alter-ego, recently dubbed the ‘Hulk’, was on the screen.
“Hello, and welcome to our little Q and A session. I think I see some familiar faces from my usual press conferences, so congrats on convincing your bosses to allow you to shift from just covering my awesomeness to reporting on the Avengers as a collective group. Give yourselves a pat on the back,” there was the sound of chuckling throughout the room, and Tony allowed himself to relax slightly, to settle in for the long haul. Getting the press to laugh immediately made most of them more open and willing to steer their coverage in a positive direction, first impressions were important.
“Something about a criminal psychologist being accused of murder,” Steve was frowning now, eyes skimming over the article on the front page.
“That doesn’t look like food,” Clint said, disappointed.
“So good for me, baby.” Steve said quietly, enjoying the way the flush deepened on Tony’s skin at his words. Pulling his finger away, Steve grabbed Tony’s right leg and pulled it as far up to Tony’s chest as it would go, taking Tony’s right hand that had been gripping the couch when Steve had moved away, he securely made Tony hold his own leg high before swooping in for a quick, hard kiss to Tony’s lips.
Brown eyes slid over to him and a small smile quirked up the corner of his mouth in a way that Steve couldn’t deny was attractive.
- You’re so silly, I like it
It had been a silly photo, taken in a moment of candour when Darcy had been at Malibu with him a few months ago. She had been baking in the kitchen, Tony had walked through and stuck his finger in the cake batter, not realising that he still had motor oil on it and thus getting oil in the batter. Darcy had yelled at him, before throwing a handful of flour at him in retaliation. They’d ended up in a food fight, getting batter, flour and eggs everywhere - Tony hadn’t envied the cleaning crews job and had been sure to slip something extra into their pay-checks that week. In the photo, Darcy was laughing, her dark hair half covered in flour, batter on her left cheek and the remains of an egg staining her shirt. She looked young and happy.
“Well, I’ll see you for tea at 1800 hours,” Steve called out, having to make do with the vague hand wave he received from Tony who was still focused on the engine.
“No, nothing to do with that,” Tony reassured her. “This is something I’ve been thinking about for a while, now.”
“You can’t have a career change yet, you don’t even have a proper job.”
It had been a stressful twenty-four hours.
“It’s okay, Darcy. It was an accident, it wasn’t your fault,” he repeated the comforting words Jarvis often said to him and allowed her to cry until there was nothing left.
Slowly, The Avenger drifted away on the momentum of a single burst of power, as the Reavers’ ship no doubt boarded the USC one and committed their vile and horrific acts. Steve felt a brief pang of regret for not helping them, but there wasn’t anything his small ship could have done anyway.
“I guess… I can ask Jarvis to get you some with princesses or ballerinas on them next time? You like them, don’t you?” Tony asked, uncertain. Darcy was always changing her mind about what she did and didn’t like, it made it tricky to keep up with her favourite things from week to week.
Tony hummed for a long moment, and something in Steve’s chest gave an almost fond twinge. Now that the immediate danger had passed, he allowed himself to focus on the amusement that curled within his chest at Tony’s drugged behaviour as a result of the pain numbing sedative. It was almost adorable.
“Let’s get some work done, shall we?”
“Uh, sorry,” Tony muttered, pushing himself all the way up so that there was some space between the two and he wasn’t plastered to Steve like a limpet.
“Fath’e?” she called out, cheeks wet and pink, hands still clutching at the door handle as if that was all that held her upright.
“Oh, Darcy,” he felt his throat tighten as the mechanical whirling within the container started up, curious cameras pointing towards him and happy beeping sounded as wheels began to move against the steel floor. He moved back, away from the crate with a laugh, arms open wide in welcome as his three dutiful bots disembarked and bee-lined for him in excitement.
He loved his sister, but there was no way she could ever understand this. It was his fault – no matter what she said – it was his entire fault. He had allowed those weapons to get into the wrong hands and now innocent people had been killed because of his negligence. He had spent all that time in the cave, with Yinsen a constant reminder of his foolishness. There was no way he would ever be able to atone for all the blood on his hands, but he could definitely do something about stopping anyone else from winding up dead because of him.
“Oh, Darcy, what happened?” he looked up at her with worry.
“Captain, do you have somethin’ to hold onto?” Tony’s voice suddenly interrupted the repeated announcement.
Well, she wasn’t wrong.
The room around him was neat and tidy, crisply white and clinical. No holes in the wall, no rubble on the ground, although there was a spilled tray of food on the floor around him, where his armour had once been. No dead body of a security guard was slumped on the floor, only white tiles stretched from one end of the room to the other. Tony looked around in confusion at the bedroom, a single white bed pressed against the wall, with a small window to the outside world split by steel bars. The ridiculous outfit Traveller had been dressed in was gone and in its place, were hospital scrubs that employees in all medical facilities wore. The arms around him, however, were still holding on tightly and some twisted part of him took a measure of comfort from that.
“I saw the way you was lookin’ at him,” Clint cackled loudly at Steve’s frown, until Natasha reached over and whacked him upside the head.
Tony remained half-leaning against him, arm around Steve’s own waist with his hand clutching at his shirt, and head hanging forward to press against Steve’s chest with each step they took.
“I can’t believe how stocked they were – on everything,” Bruce muttered to Steve, hands mechanically packing up the medical equipment and supplies that he’d found so he could transport them back to The Avenger.
“Just about here, I think,” he smiled at Steve, and the familiar warmth in his chest was like a pavlovian response at this point.
“Tony, I hear you’re having a bad day?” Steve’s voice was calm, warm, familiar.
“Because you always listen to Pepper.”
techniques that the Ten Rings employed. Being submerged into a bucket of water with a series of cables running out of his chest served to make the experience doubly awful. If he wasn’t half drowning, then there was the painful tingling sensation in his chest as water got onto the cables and the electricity conducted, sending out small shocks each time.
Tony wanted to laugh at the face Fury must have been pulling at the Captain’s words.
Although, Steve couldn’t really fault Tony for ending up shot, it was a miracle that no one else had been injured with that many guns going off at them.
“Hey, did you miss the memo? The comic convention is next month, save your cosplay for then,” Tony baited, hud screen searching for weaknesses.
Tony glanced at the others to see their unsurprised faces; only Thor appeared to not have known. Though, given how much information Tony had been handed about his teammates, he wasn’t surprised that they were already aware of Darcy’s existence. Despite his best efforts, Darcy did still come up if you googled him enough.
“Not often we see an old friend,” Steve released Pepper’s hand and turned to Natasha curiously.
Fury had to be an idiot if he thought he could keep Tony in medical any longer than Tony wanted to be. He stayed long enough for the doctor to say there was nothing physically wrong with him. His mental state, however, was another story.
“Here we go,” Bruce muttered, raising his own mug to cover the fond smile stretching across his face.
“There’s no sign of scavengers or pirates. No indication that the USC changed their minds and ordered the ship to return via one of their own vessels. I even checked the logs, they’re completely normal until they just suddenly stop. Everything on this ship has suddenly stopped,” she stared at him intently, as if he knew the answer.
“I’m just finishing up, Tony,” Bruce said soothingly, pressing the Dermal Mender over the tender, pink skin once more.
“Now, I’ve just finished making a pile of tools. What say you we go out and do something fun? I’m thinking we should build a tower, a huge tower: preferably with my name on top of it. Though with the right persuasion we can change that to just my initials. We could booby-trap all but the very top levels and sit back and watch people try and fail to get to us, I’ll use redstone traps, maybe a drop into some lava or a cavern full of cave spiders.”
“When they brought the new
“Tony, get up,” she poked him in the shoulder, hard.
Tony stopped, turning to look at him over his shoulder, a surprised expression on his face.
important, Tony,” she argued as he pulled his jeans back on, finding a Black Sabbath shirt on his dresser that looked clean enough, he slipped it over his head.
,” Steve sighed, thumb beginning to rub calming circles against Tony’s side.
Looking over at Doctor Traveller, with his crisp white doctors’ coat and trustworthy old face, Tony relaxed slightly with the feeling that everything was going to be okay. It was a good idea to tell the doctor how he felt, Steve even thought so and Steve would never lead him wrong. He was only trying to help Tony, after all. If Tony told the good doctor how he felt, he might even be able to spend some more time outside with Steve again. That had been so nice, such a wonderful treat. To be able to touch the green grass and smell the soil, rather than staring down at it from his three-story window with the bars to keep him safe inside.
Tony narrowed his eyes, a suspicion forming in his mind at how familiar Steve’s actions suddenly were.
Note. This ship is not allowed. We found that you are leaving the isolated Tadamori planet. Please turn off the engine and wait for boarding.
“There,” he paused for a moment, mentally going over the steps Jarvis took when applying Tony’s own band aids, before leaning down and pressing a quick kiss to the robot patterned plastic.
Steve waited patiently as Tony winced slightly at the contact, before he relaxed again, the numbing agent no doubt taking effect almost instantly.
It was hard to believe that the Avengers thing had actually worked, that the six of them had been able to come together in something like beautiful cohesion. Tony would… he would’ve liked to spend more time with those people. They were new, and interesting, and despite the mostly awful start they’d had, he was pretty sure that he would have enjoyed getting to know them better. He already had a grudging respect for Romanov, and listening to Darcy’s stories about Thor and Bruce, made liking them easier (even if Thor was pig-headed at times). Even Barton had his good points, despite the very short amount of interaction Tony’d had with him.
“Are you staying for pizza as well?” Tony asked Rhodey, not wanting to admit, even to himself, how much he hopped that the person who was his only male friend would want to stay just a little while longer with him, with them.
Natasha placed a calming hand on the man’s arm, but it only softened the set of his shoulders slightly.
Stepping lightly now, his soldier training kicking in, Steve slowly peered into the room.
“Oh, my God, he’s so cute! Tony! Look at his little nose,” she gushed happily, holding the dog up and looking at him with large eyes. Sparky let out a series of happy sounding yips, tail almost a blur with how fast it was wagging.
“Were you trying to ask Tony out on a date?” she finally asked, amusement clear in her voice.
Tony pulled his eyes from Rumiko and looked at Steve, a frown on his face.
intend to do?” Steve played along, keeping his tone even as he tried to work out what she was talking about.
“Sure, be back in a moment.,” Steve grinned, heading towards the counter where a chirpy looking girl, no older than Darcy, greeted him by name and with an enthusiastic smile.
“Don’t worry,” she waved a hand between them dismissively, something wicked shinning in her eyes. “I know you still have that hero-worship crush thing on him, so I won’t poach.”
Steve had been in the kitchen, sitting at the table with his sketchpad in front of him and a pencil held loosely in his hand. He had a few lines on the thick drawing paper, but he’d found himself completely distracted by the man standing at the sink, once again doing dishes as he muttered away to himself about something Steve didn’t have a hope of understanding.
“When I heard about the accident at the Ten Rings’ Station, I did admit that I thought of you, but I never imagined that you’d manage to wiggle yourself out of the line of fire.”
Steve, however, had frozen where he sat, eyes still on the sketch and hand no longer moving. Steve wasn’t, by nature, particularly jealous or possessive of people. It would have been exhausting when he was younger and Bucky had received endless attention from the dames, it would have been ridiculous to try and own all of his time. Even now, Steve was always happy to lend people his stuff and felt no desire to prevent his friends from going and doing things without him.
However, the tight feeling in his gut, the unexplainable flush of anger in his cheeks and the tightening grip on his pencil were all indicators of jealousy.
When she’d finally calmed down to only the occasional hiccupped sob, Tony pulled back slightly, hands pushing the hair from her face awkwardly.
“Look!”
Tony knew that look on his sisters’ face.
He just… couldn’t.
“I’ve got a little brother, Sir,” the man beside him offered after a beat of silence.
It started out innocently enough, Steve had taken one of the caramel popcorn bowls so that it sat in his lap and was kindly sharing it with Tony. The movie was only ten minutes in when, as Tony was reaching into the bowl to get another handful of sticky, sweet goodness, realised that it was already occupied. He pulled his hand back instinctively, so fast that he jolted away from Steve and knocked into Darcy, who hissed at him to be careful with the elbows.
“I always get stuck on the floor, someone else can have it this time,” Clint shrugged, flipping over so that he was sitting sideways in the chair, legs hanging over one of the armrests.
“I can assure you, this is most definitely real, Mr Stark. The sooner you learn to accept the reality you are in, the faster we can help you get better. Just think, you’d be able to have visitors again. Your sister has agreed that once you start showing signs of lucidity and manage to abstain from any episode for longer than two months, she will once more be willing to come visit you.”
After the deed had been done and the men had been distracted with collecting their spoils of war, Bucky had snuck back into the prison area of the ship and freed Steve, having never intended on leaving him there. They’d been fleeing the ship when the alarm had sounded and the shooting began almost immediately afterwards.
“You have been awake for nearly thirty-seven hours now, Sir. Not quite a record, but getting close.”
Darcy moved the rest of the way across the room, closing the space between them so that she could lean against the desk beside him, their shoulders resting against one another.
Despite the terrible shape it was in, it was undeniably Sparky the robodog.
Tony nodded, stepping backwards into the elevator and managing to hit his elbow against the metal doors.
“You got a family?” Tony asked Yinsen in one of the few down moments they shared in their cave of a cell. He was dirty, exhausted and missing Darcy like a constant ache beside his mostly missing sternum. What he wouldn’t give for his clean and comfortable bed back home.
Timed ticked by slowly, the ship getting closer and closer to them.
“Your father’s brain wasn’t enough to save him, and yours won’t save you either.”
The good doctor had made an offhanded comment about air filtration units that Tony had pounced on with an eager glint in his eyes. The techno-babble had quickly escalated to intelligible noise for the rest of the crew, and the two had been mostly ignored by everyone during the meal.
They had retreated to the Rim sector of the ‘verse after the excitement of Ariel. Steve always found the close eye of that the USC kept on the Core planets’ to be far too curious for his comfort. It had been a bit of a travel, but they’d managed to make it deep into the Rim in just under two weeks. The only interest the USC had in these rocks had been at their initial discovery and colonisation, it had been a long time since their names had been spoken in the governments’ halls. These were the planets that were poor in all ways possible; economic, social, and quality of life. Many of the planets were visited only by illegal traders, and their version of police was as corrupt as they come.
“Hi,” Tony’s voice was still rough, as if he’d overtaxed his throat.
“Uh, yeah, sure,” Tony moved his hands so that they were just keeping the slightly squirming puppy on his lap, pleased when Sparky let out a happy, realistic sounding yip and his tail began wagging like crazy as Steve’s huge palm ran down his back.
“You must be a good friend,” Steve’s smiled genuinely.
He was a dying man, for gods’ sake, Tony shouldn’t be subjected to the idiot of the century. No amount of pleading with Pepper got him out of it either. Secretly, he thought she liked to torture him by putting him in situations where he was surrounded by idiots. To be fair, though, with all the crap he put her through, it was completely justified.
He didn’t run into anyone else for a few, long minutes. The muffled sounds of screaming and yelling could still be heard, but there was an almost eerie silence falling around him. The only clear sound was the clanking of his footsteps and his slow, measured breaths.
“Right, you’re just a kid.”
“We just barely finished a job not two hours ago,” Tony raised an eyebrow.
“We’re on somethin’ of a schedule,” Steve frowned.
“Why was Father angry?” she asked, eyes brimming with tears.
“I was looking for you. What else would I be doing out here at night?” He asked blandly.
The front of his shirt was soaked in blood, the dark liquid moulding the fabric to his skin. A hurt noise escaped Tony’s throat and Steve felt something in his gut clench in response. Taking the man’s gun, Steve slipped his arms beneath Tony’s and levered him off the bike, Thor quickly moving around and to take hold of the man’s legs as they lifted him between them and moved down the small corridor to the infirmary.
Slowly blinking open his eyes, he was momentarily grateful for the dim lighting, until the familiar surroundings registered in his pounding head.
“But,” Tony glanced between Jarvis and his sister.
Steve had been coming home from a morning run, Bruce just arriving back from the early morning market where, apparently, only the good stuff could be found if you were one of the first to arrive. Clint and Natasha had been at SHIELD and were only just arriving home and Thor had just come back from one of his favourite past times, ogling the rush of the early morning commuters via train.
His mind flashed back to a dank cave in a desert and he knew.
“Yep, a Diamond Sword. I thought you might like it.” Tony grinned in pleasure at Steve’s speechlessness.
“Indeed, Sir,” Jarvis answered, his calm voice marginally relaxing Tony.
Natasha looked as composed as ever, while Clint was fiddling with something in his pocket (at a guess, Tony would say it was an arrow head and, seriously, that was dangerous). Thor was more interested in the small buffet table that they had been given, and Bruce was fidgeting nervously with the cuff of one of his sleeves. Steve looked the calmest of them, a somewhat resigned expression on his face. Tony knew that Steve had done something like this before, back in the 40s, with the whole dancing monkey routine with the whole ‘every bond you buy puts a bullet in your guys’ gun’ spiel.
Solving the problem, Steve reached for Tony’s mug and took a good drink of it, puffing out his cheeks as he gave the liquid a quick swill around his mouth before swallowing the sweet drink.
“It’s okay. You know I’ll stand by whatever you think is best for the company… You might want to steer clear from Rhodey and Obie for a while, though. I think your announcement just about gave both of them a heart attack,” amusement coloured her voice for a moment.
There was nothing more than the sound of breathing in the room for a moment, Tony tense as if waiting for the axe to drop on his throat.
Steve caught Clint’s eye and the man nodded, hand resting on the appropriate lever, his fingers flexing.
“I was thinking, I’ve never been really interested in the whole CEO shtick in the company and, well, Pepper basically runs things anyway. I’d much rather run the R and D division. But, I wanted to know if you’d be opposed, or want the job yourself, before I do anything, so…”
The end is finally here.
“Watch the ship for me, would you? I need to see to somethin’,” he waved a hand towards The Avenger as he quickly moved down the ramp, eyes trained on where he’d last seen Tony.
Tony didn’t say anything and just sighed, he’d need more than an afternoon of paperwork to figure that one out.
That seemed to break whatever tension was hanging between them, and the two were suddenly able to relax and enjoy one another's company as conversation flowed freely.
“And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division until such a time as I can decide what the future of the company will be.”
It didn’t matter that Obadiah (not Obie, never that name again) had guided him for the last ten plus years. No one, and Tony meant not a single living, or even non-living being, was going to threaten someone he cared about.
“Mister Stark,” Pepper seemed to have pulled herself together as the conversation delved into superhero territory. “You need to sign these papers. I will be back in an hour to collect them,” she dumped the papers on the closest worktop bench before turning in her very high heels and walking from the room.
Thor was the most surprising. Considering it had taken almost two years for the god to return the first time, Tony honestly hadn’t expected to see him for a while. But, Thor had appeared as if summoned by the assembly of his fellow Avengers, completing the set and taking up space in the Tower like he’d always been there.
Another USC message rang over the ships speakers.
Instead, the barrel that had been against his skull was gone and a crashing sound made it clear that his would-be assassin was now on the floor. Natasha calmly took a step into the room, gun turning on Traveller himself, and Tony was willing to bet the half metal guy behind him was dead.
“Does Tony actually know what he’s doing right now?” Bruce asked when it looked like neither Pepper or Tony was going to make a remark about the oddity happening right before them all.
“Okay, what’s for dinner?” Tony asked, watching as Steve began packing up his stuff.
“All better now,” he promised, grinning as she stared at him.
The ship was too close for them to try and escape it like they had last time. It was also a Skiff, specifically designed for speed over distance, making The Avenger easy prey for it.
Steve’s eyes snapped to Bruce, saddened at the reveal of the man’s feelings. A cold feeling doused his prior amusement as he mentally reprimanded himself for not noticing that Bruce was feeling out of place on the ship.
“Then you can wait with the ship and send Natasha down in your place,” Steve said, voice clipped.
Deflating, Tony sighed.
“I am not.” Tony stretched out a leg to nudge her thigh, to which she whipped around and smacked his shin with the handle end of the spatula.
Finally, after a ridiculously convoluted trek around various alleyways and through a couple of stores entirely, Tony slipped into a small tavern with little signage and a distinct air of lower class, despite the expensive taste most of Arial’s occupants and visitors demanded.
“Why don’t you just tell Tony how you feel? Or, at least, tell Clint to lay off the jokes if they’re upsetting you so much. He’s only doing it to get a rise out of Tony, anyway.” She continued; her words making Steve squirm uncomfortably in his seat.
“I’ll focus when I can go home,” Tony muttered, leaning back in his chair with a huff. He’d had plans today, important plans that had involved a lot of inventing and making out with his boyfriend on the couch in his workshop.
Tony was still at the bar; however, he had attracted the attention of the bartender and the two were leaning close together, appearing for all the world as if Tony was asking for a certain drink over the low murmur of the crowd.
“Okay, so, coffee tomorrow then? If you’re not too busy?” Steve asked, looking over the back of the couch hopefully.
Sometimes, Tony enjoyed being a genius.
“It ain't matter anyway. He refused and brought me back to the ship,” he grumbled the last part, trying to ignore the disappointment that welled in his gut at his words.
“I know,” he nodded, before returned to staring at the town. He didn’t need Natasha reminding him that he had done the right thing.
“Hmm,” Steve bit his tongue at the idea of harvest gods, but the amused look on Tony’s face said he’d heard him anyway.
Tony blinked up at him, a look of vague confusion crossing his face before he seemed to remember what had happened and jolted slightly, breath hissing through is teeth when he slumped back onto the chair with pain.
“Well? What’ve you got to say for yourself, boy?” Howard snarled, eyes liquor hazy.
“I gained my answers, Captain, but I lost that which I loved most,” she smiled sadly at him. “I was surprised when I saw him with you, I don’t think his eyes were ever that bright when they used to set upon me. Don’t make my mistake.”
“Of course, Sir.”
Steve consciously relaxed his pencil grip so he wouldn’t snap the wood and slowly looked up. Clint was already immersed in whatever show he was watching and Tony was still busy polishing the boots on the floor.
Pushing to his feet, Steve had to work to keep the surprised look off his face when he realised that he recognised the young woman approaching him with his second-in-command.
He’d been people watching as he waited for the return of his crew. The main port on Planeta Stark was bustling with people, mostly tourists, though the huge cargo ships occasionally flew overhead and blocked out the afternoon sunlight as they made their way to the cargo docks further towards the North of the planet. He’d been trying hard not to think about what he’d seen in that small courtyard. While it was true that Tony had definitely gained their trust, and was dedicated to the crew, Steve still felt the distance that was not knowing his past, like a cloud that hung between them in conversations.
And Tony Stark’s math was never wrong.
Thanks to the gods, my friends
“Captain.”
“Find out guest a seat, Clint,” he said.
Steve conceded the point as Tony continued to go through the weapons cache, systematically cataloguing each and every weapon with ease.
The rest of the room slowly resumed eating, but Steve found his mind latching onto the nagging thought he’d had ever since Tony had begun his story. While certain areas in the ‘verse all had their own mannerisms and way of speaking, there was a certain slang and verbal tics that the wealthy and aristocratic of the ‘verse all subscribed to. In his crew, both Natasha and Bruce had that wealthy tic, Natasha through her companion training, and Bruce from his education to become a doctor. Thor spoke with an unusual over enunciation of words due to his upbringing in a small pocket solar system on the very edge of the Core planets, one that didn’t often get visitors from the rest of the ‘verse. Prior to now, Tony had spoken with a surfs’ tongue like Steve and Clint.
“This here is Miss Potts, she’s an old friend of Natasha’s and, also, Tony’s.”
“There’ll be no amazing cake for you either if you don’t answer my question,” Darcy neatly cut in.
Clint nodded, before heading towards the catwalk, Natasha on his heels.
Steve mentally sighed, recognising Natasha asking for herself rather than for any underlying motive.
. So, if circumstances happened to put them in close proximity of one another, if Steve happened to touch him occasionally by accident or without conscious thought. Well, Tony would take what he could get and be satisfied with that.
The lone other occupant, a woman with red hair and wearing the smart looking robes of a Stark Galactic employee, paused where she had been riffling through a bag and turned to face him.
Tony stopped only a few steps into his workshop, head swinging around to where a couch had been shoved against the wall, out of the way. Sitting on it was his sister, her pretty green dress that she’d been talked into wearing by Obie, was now scrunched up in such a way that the wrinkles would never fully come out. Dummy’s head had lowered to where she had been stroking his support beam just above the camera. A reluctant smile quirked his lips as he moved over to her, undoing his tie and snagging a rolling stool to sit down on as he walked.
“A landing?” Natasha asked.
“I’ll ask him to get ones with aliens on them next time. Big green ones with only one eye and lots of arms,” Tony threw his arms into the air to demonstrate, chest swelling with happiness when she giggled and clapped her hands together with delight.
“Right, Jane, we need to go shopping for oranges then,” Darcy said, Jane getting up as well with a nod, her magazine forgotten.
“But what’s he doing, Obie!” Tony snapped, in no mood to be coddled like a child.
“I have been doing important inventing, Pep. It just wasn’t for SI,” he said, feeling exposed as her eyes flickered from project to project. Leaning close, he proceeded to point to various projects as he spoke. “Clint needs a more flexible wrist guard, that SHIELD one is going to have him snapping his wrist before long. And Natasha’s tasers take too long to recharge, I think I could get it down to half that time if I tweak them just right. The comms get super static-y when Thor uses them, being a thunder god has its drawbacks I guess, so I need to work out a way around that. Poor Bruce flashes the world every time the he Hulk’s out, and I can’t leave a fellow scientist running around starker’s after a fight. And Cap’s uniform needs an update…” he trailed off as he noticed the look on her face.
“I don’t think there’s actually a cake with a name that ridiculous,” Clint snorted, fork already spearing a large chunk of his slice.
“Please, Mr Stark, there is no need to resort to childish name calling. We are only here to help you. But to do so, you must allow us,” Traveller continued.
“What I need is for you Avengers to get your asses in gear and be ready to move out in an hour.”
Steve sent Tony a raised eyebrow look.
“Of course, he’s been here before, what are you-” Pepper suddenly broke off, realisation breaking over her face as she realised how badly she’d misjudged the situation.
“As charming as watching you two act like the little kids you are is,” Pepper broke in before Darcy could retort. “Darcy, I need to get your brother to actually do some of the work he’s been meaning to do - today, preferably,” she gave him a very pointed look.
“Yeah, I always wanted to see the stars,” Tony snickered, taking the final step into the ship and, just like that, The Avenger had a mechanic.
“Hello, Darcy, how’s university life treating you?” the earlier exasperation at Tony now replaced with warm affection.
“No is a complete answer,” Tony didn’t react as he felt Darcy press gently against his side, although she was trying to be mindful of his injured arm, he had to suppress the desire to pull away as she leaned in a bit too hard.
“Now,” he leaned forward in his seat slightly, taking note of his fellow Avengers now settled and ready to begin on either side of him. “We’re here today to discuss the Avengers Initiative. I’ll hand over to Steve Rogers – our very own, Captain America - to tell you about it before we open up the floor to questions.”
“Bruce, Thor, report!” Steve called over the PA once again.
“She ain’t look pleased to see him,” Steve said, absently.
“Mister Stark,” Phil said smoothly, putting away his phone like everything was normal and he hadn’t just essentially broken into Tony’s brand new Tower.
“Cupcakes?” Natasha moved towards the table, Thor making a bee line for Jane’s free side, and Steve sitting down at the far end of the table, coincidently on the opposite side of the kitchen to where Tony sat on the counter.
Thus, the habit was born, that every time Tony found himself stuck with his designs or the prototype just wouldn’t function correctly, Tony would find some cleaning supplies in the cabinet under the sink and he’d start cleaning the table, or polishing the wooden banister, or even do the normally neglected dishes. Even after Jarvis’s passing, Tony still found something about the lemon-scented cleaning fluids and the repetitive motions involved with cleaning that would clear his had and allow his brain to figure out what the solution was while his hands were busy.
“A prosperous year ahead for you, then,” the doctor said easily, inspecting the wound via the bright lamp beside her, before beginning to slather some ointment onto Tony’s finger.
Tony laughed, looking cheered up by Thor’s tale, and Steve slipped his own hand beneath the tablet to clasp the mechanics. Tony spared him a quicksilver smile, his hand turning to link their fingers together, before his attention returned to the loud man.
, coffee?”
“You’re the mechanic, Tony. You honestly tell me that we have not only enough power to make it that far without endin’ up dead in the air, but that the outer glass on my ships window don’t need replacin’ as soon as possible,” Steve snapped.
All mistakes are my own.
“I distinctly remember telling you, little sister of mine, not to be in here without me to supervise you,” he sat down heavily on his stool before her.
Sorry for the late update, I feel those words are slightly inadequate for how long I've kept everyone waiting, but they're all I've got right now.
“I’ll have to go home and make some more pickaxes…” He eyed his precious cargo. “Better take this, last thing I need in some moron trying to rob me.” Tony pulled out his sword; frowning slightly at the small cracks he could see beginning to form along its iron blade.
“This is really good,” he shook the paper slightly, smile returning to his face at the truth of his words. “I’m so proud of you.”
Sitting down now, Steve could watch as he rubbed along the side of Tony’s hole before beginning to push one finger inside along with the one already there. With the lube, the process was fairly quick and something sparked in Steve as he felt Tony’s inner walls clamp down on both his finger and Tony’s own. As fast as he could without hurting the other man, Steve pressed another finger into him, then another. When Tony was stretched tight around three of Steve’s fingers and one of his own, hand trembling and small keening sounds coming from his throat on each exhale, Steve paused.
She wiggled her free hand around his waist and hugged him.
The words were barely out of his mouth when the USC ship suddenly surged towards them, the momentum of the Reavers’ ship hitting them and carrying them right into The Avenger.
Thankfully, Tony quickly seemed to come to some kind of conclusion, as he pulled away from the counter, dropping the cloth in the sink before making a beeline for the elevator, muttering something about transfusers as he went.
It seemed everyone had made it to the room - great.
“The Ravencroft Asylum was built for the criminally insane, many of whom have some kind of superhuman power or ability, most of them are completely beyond rehabilitation,” Bruce said quietly, tense as he stared into his cup of tea.
Darcy spent the rest of the day playing with her new pet - dubbed ‘Sparky’, because there was no way ‘Spike’ suited a dog that ran off electricity, duh, Tony - unwilling to let the robot out of her sight for more than a minute at a time. Even Jarvis had agreed that Sparky was an impressive bit of engineering, once Tony had assured the man that it hadn’t eaten into his study time and that, no, he hadn’t blown off doing extra credit work just to make his sister a present.
A few more thrusts and Tony suddenly tensed beneath him, arms and legs locking as warm, stickiness bloomed where Steve’s abs had been rubbing against Tony’s cock. Steve didn’t stop his thrusts, keeping them hard and brutal as Tony’s body trembled with orgasm. He did pull back slightly through, just enough that he could see the pure ecstasy written across Tony’s face, his eyes unseeing at the ceiling and his mouth hanging open, sweat running down his face and hair plastered to his forehead. The sight of Tony so blissed out was enough to push Steve over the edge and he shoved up into Tony as hard and as far as he could.
Tony had enough blood from strangers on his hands, there was no way in hell that he was adding his loved ones to those ranks. No way in hell. He would find wherever Stane had taken his arc reactor, and he’d take the man himself out in the process.
The best thing Steve had caught Tony doing, however, had to have been when he walked into the kitchen and found the man down on his hands and knees, apparently sorting out one of the cupboards of rarely used appliances. The sight of the man’s dark denim jeans stretched tight across his ass and the rocking motion as Tony pulled out bits and pieces before diving back into the hidden depths was…
“A question has been plaguing me for some time now,” Thor suddenly said, breaking the comfortable silence that had fallen over the crew. “How did you already know Miss Rumiko, Tony?”
“It means that the portal won’t collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD’s last hideout,” Tony seamlessly continued, shoving his hands in his pockets casually as his eyes flickered from person to person, stopping on Thor with amusement.
“I think Thor ate the last of Darcy’s cupcakes last night,” Bruce said as the six squeezed into the elevator. Tony pointedly ignored the heat he could feel coming of Steve’s chest in the small space.
“Here,” Tony suddenly appeared again beside Steve, the mechanic having said something about needing to really assimilate with the festivities before disappearing for a moment.
They wanted him there.
The sight was something he had to get down on paper immediately and he found his feeling of arousal not abate, so much as fade slightly to the back of his mind. Steve wasn’t sure there would ever come a time when he didn’t want Tony, body and mind, but this was certainly the first time Steve had ever wanted Tony for his soul. Because looking at the man before him, so full of manic energy and beauty, there was no other way to describe it but as a demonstration of Tony’s soul.
Despite the obvious addition of flora in the room, not one person said anything about the small coffee tree, it’s white flowers emitting the gentle scent of jasmine that was quickly overpowered by the familiar breakfast smells.
“Buzz it for lifeforms or signs of distress,” Steve ordered, a feeling of dread beginning to grow in his stomach.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure what to do about that.
“Of course, everythin’ taken care of?” He checked as he released his death grip on the railing and followed her at a perfectly sedate pace, no jerky movements to be found.
A new job takes a back seat as Steve realises that their new client may have something of a history with Tony.
“Bruce!” Steve called out as Thor came to a jerking stop.
Tony had a love/hate relationship when it came to press conferences.
It took a little more encouragement, before Tony stood upright under his own strength, blinking around as though surprised they were in the guest quarters where his room was.
Giving a small nod, Tony allowed the man to take his hand and lead him further towards the kitchen. Tony was actually surprised to note that the floor was empty apart from the three of them. He supposed that was mostly due to the early hour, the sun only just creeping over the city's buildings to shine through the Tower's windows.
“I have things that need to be finished in the workshop.”
In fact, he’d only complained when they’d taken his gun from him and tied him to the chair.
Maybe there was something more to Tony’s reluctance to come here after all?
“This wouldn’t be an issue if Ross hadn’t petitioned for the revamp of the super soldier program four years ago,” he grumbled, still bitter that the final decision had been taken out of his hands by the board of directors at SI, despite the fact that it was classified as more his father’s private research and an SI patent.
Walking through the airlock area, Steve moved into the cargo hold and over to the control panel, where he pushed the intercom button.
So, distracted.
“Right, okay,” Steve looked around him and settled on Clint who had been making his way up the ramp with Thor.
Steve placed the damp tea towel he’d been using to dry the dishes from breakfast onto the counter with a small sense of disappointment. Tony and he had been tasked with the dishes that day and they’d turned what was normally a rather boring chore into a game when Tony had suddenly flicked him with water when he’d been telling the mechanic to hurry up as he was drying faster than Tony was washing. The two had quickly dissolved into a childish game of water flicking, laughter loud in the otherwise empty room.
Tony felt her reach out and take his uninjured hand, her grip tight, solid, grounding.
“What?” He asked, blinking.
“Of course, by all means, Captain; round them up and we can be on our way. My treat,” she said.
– Don’t get any ideas now
“It’s an awesome reason. I know you’d like for me to take more of an interest in the scientific community-”
“Out of curiosity, why blueberry?” Steve asked, putting down his paper and patiently waiting for Tony to finish stealing the top three.
“I wouldn’t pay that, if I was you,” a voice called out lightly from the shadows beside the stall.
“Tony, did you ever think that maybe I liked him just fine. That the things you see wrong with him, I see as quirks and I appreciate and adore him even now because of them.”
Steve watched quietly as Thor and Clint descended into a pub song they’d picked up somewhere, no doubt while they’d been on a Rim planet illegally. Bruce was quietly laughing to himself as he watched the two become increasingly ridiculous with their antics. Steve drank deeply from his ale once more, eyes straying back to the bar where Tony was leaning towards the bartender, a hand sliding across the bar top towards the woman. For a moment, Steve thought Tony was actually reaching for her, but then he realised that there was a smooth exchange going on in the middle of the busy bar.
“It’s after sunset, and Tony’s not back.”
“He is just so cute,” Darcy said, apropos of nothing.
Her lips snapped shut, and Steve knew he’d get nothing more out of her this way. It didn’t matter though, he’d already found out what he needed to know.
“I believe Doctor Banner has been cooking some kind of spiced chicken dish.”
Darcy waking him up and dragging him out of bed and into the elevator was becoming a thing.
“Passing through,” he shrugged as she reached him.
He’d avoided most of her questions, knowing that if he told her the truth about how he’d ended up back on planet, she’d have told him off for allowing a pretty face to persuade him into putting himself in danger – again. It wasn’t strictly his fault this time, either. He’d tried to argue for them to not land on this hunk of space rock, but Steve was nothing if not a stubborn pain in his ass when it suited him.
“Hey, just wait until you get older, you’ll be creaking and groaning like a little old lady before you know it,” he grinned at her outraged look.
“Aw, Captain, that ain’t nice,” Clint almost seemed to be trying to pout like a child, but just ended up looking slightly deranged instead.
“I heard you were unusually reluctant to leave New, New York.”
The two wandered for a while longer before arriving back at The Avenger.
“People, hello. You must be members of Steve’s crew. I’m Tony, your mechanic from here till Ariel.”
High school wasn’t all that hard, Tony thought as he jotted down the answer to the accelerated curriculum mathematics work he had been given for the Summer holidays. It wasn’t like he really needed to do this stuff anyway, it was all so easy. He’d much rather be working on building a robot or furthering his code writing ability. But, Jarvis had caught him when he’d been helping Darcy with her breakfast that morning and told him, in no uncertain terms, that he wasn’t allowed anywhere near a socket wrench or a keyboard until every piece of his Summer schoolwork was done and proof had been shown to the butler.
“You built me a robotic dog, that’s only the coolest thing I’d ever seen before,” she grinned.
*edited 2019*
The sword in his hands was the shape of any old sword with the handle made of wood but the blade, rather than the usual iron, was reflecting the light just as the diamond Steve still held did.
“I didn’t think so,” she sighed as the doors opened and she pushed him out and towards his bedroom.
“While the USC ensures planets have enough oxygen and water for human inhabitance, it doesn’t alter the planets’ reaction to colonisation. Every planet has it’s own effect on the humans living on it, for good or bad,” she said.
“I am confident she will return to her normal patterns of behaviour given time. She only baked two cakes yesterday,” Jarvis said.
“Shut up!” Steve yelled over the sound of the air whipping past them, trying to aim his own gun as he was jerked around by the up and down motion of the bike flying over various mounds of sand.
Many thanks to the wonderful MxGryffindorOtaku for excellent beta work! Any further mistakes are all on me.
“Whatever you have now is enough, get back on the ship.”
– He used to be the perfect soldier.
Steve slowly peered up at him, cheeks still red, but the anger burned out for now, replaced with embarrassment and growing confusion.
find cute at all.
Perhaps he should have been more forthright with his own history? He was sure Tony had some inkling that Steve had been a soldier once upon a time due to certain comments Tony made, or the way his mouth quirked at Steve’s military discipline.
“It’s good,” Tony hummed, eyes slipping closed in happiness and dark thoughts fading in the face of perfection.
Tony and Steve hadn’t patched things up between them since the incident last week, as ignored that there was a problem and continued on their way, living together in overly polite, stilted conversation.
“Somethin’ like that,” Steve tried hard not to blush, opting not to mention one of the most popular reasons for visiting the statue.
“I could ask you the same thing,” she said, eyes locked on his and not backing down.
There had been nothing wrong with them following after and checking on what Tony had been doing. Despite his easy countenance, Tony was still very much an enigma when it came to his background. He had been very good at keeping his past close to his chest and was excellent at deflecting unwanted questions. Steve had a duty to both his crew and himself to be suspicious of odd behaviour. Ignoring something out of politeness or a misplaced sense of guilt wasn’t something he could afford to do.
“Obie was my godfather, I thought that meant something to him. I was wrong. I found out when he sold me to the Ten Rings. Later, I discovered he’d been the one to arrange my father’s death as well. He wanted the company and the money that came with it.”
Breakfast had settled into something of a comfortable routine after four months.
“That’s probably a good idea. Send the plans through to the contractors and decorators, will you,” Tony said, saving his work and standing up, back cracking from having been seated for so long.
The unease in his gut increased. He had hoped that the pods would be gone, that there had been a problem and the passengers of the ship had gotten out.
“Who’d have saved me, hmm?” Tony’s eyes slid shut as he hummed again.
“That’s a lot of cake,” Clint whistled from behind him, where the others had followed him into the kitchen.
“Tony?” Steve called out curiously.
“You obnoxious ass.”
The rest of the crew and Tony were sitting in the kitchen, a small array of protein packs and been pulled out and set up for a late lunch. Although there was some mechanical eating going on, Steve didn’t miss the unusual silence of the room when the three of them entered.
Tony spotted Clint sitting before the large TV in the lounge room and felt the familiar engineering thrill at the prospect of finalising a prototype. Making a beeline for the couch Clint had claimed, Tony plopped down onto the seat beside him and reached for the archers’ arm, intending to pull it close so that he could fit the new wrist brace that he’d completed onto it.
“Tony, really, that’s hardly any way to speak about your brother-in-law,” Steve chided.
Tony, honestly, wasn’t 100% sure how he had ended up here.
Staring at the pink face of his boyfriend, Tony knew he was so screwed. Completely, irrevocably and utterly screwed. The man was the personification of perfection and, luckily for Tony, all his.
Clint shot him a dismayed look, but did as he was told.
As Tony tried to squirm in the iron-like bands around him, he couldn’t help but wonder what the fuck he’d gotten himself into this time?
How, exactly, did you comfort someone who had just become an orphan?
Finally, after a few minutes, he pushed open a door and found the crates of supplies he’d been looking for. A glance told him they had hardly been used, the ship hadn’t even been near any planets, let alone one fit for colonisation. Stepping into the room, he looked around carefully, the small laser gun he’d pulled from his waist holster now tightly held in his hand.
Natasha had a particular way of coming at a man when she was planning on digging for information. She was apt at playing various roles, her business as a companion being but another within her repertoire of masks. It was only the years of experience with deflecting the – sometimes – well intentioned prying that Steve had grown able to dissect the subtle tilt of her head and the widening of her eyes to appear innocent and trustworthy.
“Certainly, Sir.”
Steve gripped his mug tightly, heart clenching at the unusually soft look on Tony’s face as he spoke.
Natasha shifted so that she could look him in the eye, his arm still trapped within her own.
It had been years since Darcy had mentioned Jarvis – the human, Jarvis – around new people. Sure, Rhodey and Pepper both knew about the man who was more of a father to the Stark kids’ then their blood one. Every year, on Jarvis’s birthday, the duo would make the trek out to the cemetery and visit his gravestone, sharing the years’ news with the old English gentleman.
She snorted.
was a decent mechanic. The argument between Natasha and Clint had cemented the seriousness of the situation, as it was clear that the others had noticed as well. It would have been one thing if only Steve had been aware of it, he’d been looking at Tony a great deal, after all. But, the fact that the others had noticed how easily Tony had fit into the ship’s daily life…
“It’s okay,” she pre-emptively said when he opened his mouth to uncomfortably apologise.
“Only every day, Sir. He did almost have a meltdown when he heard we were going to be meeting you, Sir,” the soldier offered, and Tony grinned at the familiar tone of fondness he often heard in his own voice when he spoke of Darcy in the soldiers’ voice.
“We’re in the sky in five, people,” he said, before releasing the button and turning to look at Tony.
Steve forced himself to swallow the bile in his mouth and quickly stepped back out of the room. He put his gun back into the holster before he pulled the door shut firmly on the thousands of credits worth of food. Without another thought, he headed back to where his crew had been scavenging in blissful ignorance.
I'm not finished with these guys either - if you can believe it - I still have a short one shot planned and I'd like to write a drawn-out date for the boys that may or may not end in a steamy time for all.
So it was little wonder that it was Jarvis, when Tony was four-years-old and trying not to cry that his circuit board wasn’t functioning correctly, which took his hand and placed a rag in it and told him to help clean the lower windows. He had, obviously, thrown a tantrum at the very idea, but there had been no one except Jarvis to hear it and the older man hadn’t been swayed by crocodile tears and young, healthy lungs. Eventually, Jarvis won and Tony sat dutifully on the floor at the man’s feet, helping to clean the huge windows that took up an entire wall of the manors sitting room.
“Yes, he’s been with us for a few months now,” Natasha said, however Steve could see how she’d suddenly realised there was more than friendly curiosity in Pepper’s tone.
“Oh, hey, you fixed him up,” Steve said, eyes locked on the robotic dog and an almost childlike enthusiasm in his voice.
“My pickaxe broke.” Tony grumbled, taking the offered hand and allowing Steve to pull him up, wiping off his pants briskly – not that it made much difference as he spent most of his time covered in dust while mining or building.
The next five minutes were lost in a blur of yelling, running, and just managing to get away from the traitorous bastards with their money.
He could recall seeing the large tower, all shiny with real glass reflecting the light of the closest sun onto the nearby port. It was more than a beautiful piece of architecture, it was also a symbol of the strength, might and power of the Stark family name. It was meant to remind people where they should look for leadership and advancement for the future of the planet. It was a beacon for where the future of the military equipment for the ‘verse was thought up. Tony would never say that his father hadn’t been obnoxiously self-assured.
Tony looked up at him, eyes slightly red and glassy with unleashed tears.
“Mmm, that’s because he didn’t grow up with you,” Tony said shrewdly, sending her a bland smile when she huffed.
“Wait,” Clint suddenly said, a thoughtful look on his face from where he was leaning against the large dining table they used for dinner. “Don’t the Japanese have a robotic dog?”
“He mightn’t even agree,” Steve cut in before Clint could counter Natasha again.
Stupid lizard brain.
Tony spluttered.
“Tattletale,” Tony sighed. “I wanted to ask you something, actually,” he continued after a beat of quiet, only Dummy’s beeps and Darcy’s quiet cooing filling the space.
Steve couldn’t help but reach out and take the clenched fist closest to him, wrapping both his hands around it until it relaxed and he could bring it to rest against his own chest, palm over his heart.
“Blasphemy. No amazing cake for you,” Tony wagged a finger at him, looking briefly away from the oven.
“Thank you, Doctor. Alert me when he’s conscious, please,” he turned to leave before pausing and looking back.
“Jarvis, I’ll be gone for the rest of the week, see to it that the wet nurse settles into her new room and that the child is looked after,” Howard instructed Jarvis as he wrapped a scarf around his throat and lifted his hat from the butler’s hand. Placing it upon his head, he turned and swept out the front door without a glance back. Tony wondered from his crouched position if his father had been ignorant to his presence in the room, or if he’d just ignored him as usual.
It started because of the family butler, Edwin Jarvis.
His father was right, in a way. Tony would never consider making something for Darcy to be wasting time, but it had been stupid to make her a robotic dog. It served no function other than amusement, it held no practical purpose.
, manly brooding.
Suddenly, Steve reached out and took hold of Tony’s shoulder in one of his large hands. The grip was bordering on painful, but it served the purpose of getting Tony’s attention to focus on Steve’s baby blues.
“I’ll start making breakfast then, any preferences?” Steve offered, and just like that, time continued moving.
“Doesn’t look like it,” Steve said after a moment’s pause, eyes still wandering over the people outside the ship, searching for the dark-haired man.
If everyone jumped slightly when, ten minutes later, Tony let out a sudden, happy cry and rambled off a complicated formula only Bruce would have any hope of understanding before he took off for the elevator, not even bothering to dry his hands off. Well, Pepper did say this was completely normal and now most of the dishes had been cleaned.
“Surprise,” Tony muttered, blinking slow but hard, not wanting Obie to know just how compromised he felt at the moment.
“Tony?” Steve asked after a long stretch of silence, the smile dropping from his face and disappointment beginning to creep over it instead.
“Yeah… I wonder if you wouldn’t mind a photo, Sir?” the soldier asked, voice slightly nervous.
“That’s it!” He exclaimed excitedly, dropping the shoe and rag as he clambered to his feet and darted out of the room.
Ultimately, Steve had refused to issue the order to his men and, faced with being labelled as a deserter, of being prosecuted by the very government they’d spent years believing unflinchingly in, Bucky had stood up and taken over command.
Tony did not blush.
“No, she won’t.”
He forcefully shut the voice up.
“What the-” he looked beside him where Steve was now holding his coffee cup hostage.
“Yes, please,” she said, voice almost shy.
Captain America, Steve Rogers, the only successful recipient of the super soldier serum. Good god. If he was in this file then, that meant, they’d found him. They’d found the literal living legend and he was apparently still kicking. Those bastards had found him and not reported it. Heads would roll when Tony got to them, he’d been spending millions on that search each year, apparently not looking for a ghost but putting money in people’s pockets.
“No,” Tony said.
“A little after two. The others headed to bed a few hours ago, but I wasn’t particularly tired,” Steve shrugged slightly.
Steve looked back at the women just in time to catch Jane following Darcey’s line of sight, and he saw her freeze as shock registered on her face. Before he could say anything, Jane shoved the small pumpkin into Darcy’s chest, the woman fumbling it for a moment before clutching it in her hands. Jane then took off towards the ring toss.
” Steve groaned, a sense of inevitability settling over him.
“So, does this mean I can call you Pepper?” he called out, the silence not dampening his smile.
Steve spared a glance at the door to Thor’s quarter’s as he pushed open his own, but he wasn’t too worried. If Jane had wanted to kill him, or do anything more than slap him in what looked like barely restrained control, he was sure the large man could either deal with it himself, or seek the appropriate help. The woman deserved a bit of anger, as Thor had been with Steve for four years now, he wondered how long it’d been since he’d left her.
And Steve.
“I missed you,” he whispered.
“Miss Mac, sorry to interrupt you. I’m just bringing Young Master Tony to meet his sister,” Jarvis’s hand once more ghosted over Tony’s shoulder.
“Besides, who would trade an outlaws’ life such as this for anythin’?” Tony teased him, a hand reaching under the table to squeeze Steve’s knee where it was still resting against his own.
Blinking rapidly, Tony found himself sitting on the floor, knees folded beneath him and Steve squatting down in front of him, hands resting on his shoulders and reassurance in his beautiful, blue eyes.
For people with nothing to lose, the idea of settling on a new planet was no doubt appealing. Especially as it advertised as a grand adventure. But, no adventure came without its dangers.
Tony turned back to Darcy. Gently stroking the baby’s cheek, he wondered when she would wake up so that she could meet him properly.
Tony raised an eyebrow.
It was the work of no more than thirty seconds. While Steve punched a guy in the face, knocking him out cold, Clint scuffled with another before he finally gave up and Thor simply used the compression core to whack the idiot out cold, as he had done with own opponent. Looking over, Steve was about to intervene when the aggressor attacking the dark-haired man managed to land a glancing blow on his cheek. The smaller of the two stumbled back a step and Steve made to move towards them, when he suddenly pulled a laser gun from seemingly nowhere.
Steve took a moment to deliberate with himself. It was clear that there was more to the story than the woman was telling him, but he was also aware that two against his crew of six was definitely good odds in his favour should they try anything.
“The workshop, Jarvis,” he got out around his mouthful.
“You’re not one of those purple-bellied USC soldiers, are you?”
Thor and Clint’s singing filled the longer than normal pause in their conversation.
The look Steve sent him clearly said that he didn’t appreciate Tony’s flair, and the table quickly lapsed into silence.
Finally, after what felt like hours and seconds in turn, Steve heard the tell-tail series of ‘ohs’ that signalled Tony’s imminent completion.
While the others just looked at her as if she was speaking a foreign language – and even then there was a fairly good chance that, between them all, they’d somewhat understand her if she did – when Steve had a moment of understanding.
Everything hurt.
Why did the Captain always end up next to him?
“Remove your pendent and chuck it over here,” she said, voice precise and aim unwavering.
Steve drank his cider, not a trace of guilt in him when he thought about how thankful he was that it hadn’t worked out between Tony and Rumiko.
“Set him here,” Bruce said, gesturing to the single medical seat the room housed as he threw open a draw containing hypo-gun’s still sealed in their hygienic plastic wrappers. Pulling out one, he moved to a cupboard and opened it to reveal a row of vials with various coloured liquids within them. Selecting one, he removed the hypo-gun from the plastic and inserted the vial, before placing it on the counter top and moving to yet another draw.
Then, because he was Tony Stark and seriously, he just couldn’t help himself, he picked up the small electric pen and lightly jabbed it into the older man’s side.
He was brave, strong, and currently holding onto the catwalk railing like it was his sole lifeline.
Steve stared at him in the muted moonlight.
Sweet, kind, determined Steve. Even in Tony’s make-believe world the super soldier would never have looked Tony’s way. Some things, it seemed, not even a broken, fiction creating mind could make real.
“Relax, my boy, it’s just me. I sent the others out of the room, why don’t you sit down and calm your sister?” he gestured to the couch pushed against the side of the room.
He tried not to think too much about it, and a guilty part in the back of his mind relished the warmth that Steve gave off, his super serum enhanced metabolism causing him to run a few degrees warmer than the average person.
Taking a as deep a breath as he could with bruised ribs, he pulled his mind away from unpleasant thoughts. Tony pushed himself up with his left hand, the other trapped in a medical blue sling.
“Stark! Tony!”
He could still feel the adrenaline in his veins and his heart was yet to return to the skipping beat that had become the norm ever since his body modification.
After the fight with Stane, after telling Coulson of SHIELD the barest details of what had happened and listening to Nick Fury - director of SHIELD - propose the idea of something called the Avengers Initiative, and then finally convincing both Pepper and Rhodey that he was fine, Tony just wanted to rest for a bit. Hand coming up to touch his arc again, he knew it would become a tic for him after the horror of having it ripped from his very chest while he was paralyzed on the couch. It would no doubt be replayed behind his eyelids every time he went more than a few minutes without touching it.
Taking in a sharp breath, Tony went to push himself to his feet, only to halt when he heard the distinct sound of a gun cocking behind him, the horrible feeling of the metal barrel pushing into the back of his skull causing him to freeze.
“Come on, how about we get you back to bed?” he suggested, loosening his hold on her after a moment of silence.
“What’s so?” Bruce humoured him.
Before he was properly ready, they were pulling up for the press conference and Obie was rushing forwards to open the car door for him. Tony had only seconds to give Darcy’s arm a quick, reassuring squeeze, before he was on stage and announcing the news that he knew was going to have ongoing consequences for everyone he cared about.
“I thought you might like a little company,” he explained, pulling off the jacket he’d been using to cover the present, careful not to snag it on the robot.
“He wasn’t angry at you, Darc,” Tony said firmly, moving over to her and pulling her into his arms for a tight hug, her own hands clenching in the fabric of his shirt and her breathing fast.
“Giv’ us a m’ment.” Tony almost seemed to sink into the couch a little more, breath now evening out and moving towards the familiar rhythm of sleep.
“Perhaps it was abandoned?” Natasha offered, though her tone was hardly reassuring.
“My knee,” she whispered, hands wiping at her face and coming away shinny with snot and tears.
“No way,” Tony breathed, half ecstatic that the bot was clearly ‘thinking’ for itself, and half dismayed that it appeared to have taken a random word from Tony’s mouth and christened itself with a ridiculous name.
He glanced back to the grave – because that’s what this was – the notebook once more buried beneath rocks, the site blending in with the other graves.
“So, what’s so urgent that you need me to go down right away?” he asked, as the elevator doors shut and they began their descent.
“Darcy’s checking up on me,” he groaned to Steve, putting on a mock offended look when the other man merely chuckled at him.
He stood staring into the darkness for a full minute before clenching his jaw and turning in the direction he knew home was.
“It’s Tony, actually. And you, dear sir, are apparently mayor of crazy town. Now that our introductions have been made, how about you give up and come quietly?” Tony offered, stalling for the rest of the team to get there, quietly hoping that Jarvis would be able to detect some kind of weakness within the man that Tony could exploit. All the hud screen currently showed was a strange energy emanating from the pendent around the man’s neck.
“You’re at the Ravencroft Institute, Tony. Remember? You’ve been here for the last three years, ever since the accident,” Steve continued quietly, with the air of someone who had repeated the same thing many time before.
The workshop light dimmed for a moment before returning to a white light, the blue disappearing. Reaching out, Steve slipped his arms around the genius, resting his head on Tony’s shoulder and pressing a small kiss to the skin just under his ear.
“Tony was always the one to stir up Jarvis.”
- her grin once more at full force.
“He got stuck on how to make the acid not corrode within an arrow head, apparently.” Pepper said, as if this explained everything to the very confused team.
“Let’s get inside where it’s safe, ok?” Steve gently pulled Tony up and led him to the door, pushing a button hidden behind a rock to open it via the redstone. He helped Tony over to the bed, sitting him down gently before taking the bag from him and setting it on the floor.
“Tony!” Rhodey called out, pulling his attention from the phone to the soldier who came to a stop next to the open window in Tony’s door.
Tony found his lagging body sitting up straight, alert once more.
“Dear Captain, how I would like for
Tony decided he was definitely going to be entering that race.
Steve glanced at where he was crouched beside him, reaching into the box he pulled out another box and ran his fingers over the logo carved into the lid.
“I know you really like coffee, so I thought we could grow some beans and make them into coffee for you.”
“Mmmhm,” was all Tony managed, feeling content when a warm leg moved to pin down his own. A soft kiss was placed on the space where his neck met shoulder and Tony drifted away.
“Darc, you will always be my number one helper down here,” he reassured her with another brief kiss and hug. “This here is for when things might go bad, like when stuff catches on fire, or I need something really heavy lifted.”
“Come on, Darc. Let’s go see what Rhodey wants,” reaching out, he took her hand and gently began pulling her back up the stairs, mouth twitching upward as he caught her eyes trailing mournfully from the room. Darcy may not have inherited the Stark family know-how with machines and a genius IQ, but she certainly had the innate curiosity for everything and the desire to touch things she probably shouldn’t in spades.
It was just as he remembered seeing it last. The ear was bent and the tailed snapped off, long gone by now. The curve of the metal he’d spent hours working over formed the creatures body, and the bulky jaw still stuck out, slightly too big for the size of the head. The small dings in the metal where it had crashed into the wall all those years ago were still there, but the camera lens in one of the eyes was now cracked.
“Yeah, well, while you two were getting your godlike freak on, some of us are left having to pick out kitchenware from a rack rather than a draw,” she rolled her eyes.
“I thought you liked my ship?” he said, feeling defensive.
“Tony, we need to get to the wound so that we can patch it up,” Steve said, voice patient despite the urgency of the situation. He viciously supressed the rising panic within his gut. Anger over someone shooting Tony replaced it, and he allowed that to fill him, to give him the energy he needed to complete the task at hand.
The noise level was deafening.
“Then what makes you think I would?”
“No, don’t,” the mechanics eyes were glassy with shock and pain as he gave another weak tug of Steve’s wrist.
“Try to keep it in your pants, guys. I already have years of therapy ahead of me from walking in on my brother having sex,” Darcy said loudly, causing Tony to pause for a moment as he pushed down the embarrassment that swamped him while he tried to peer around Clint in order to see how many people were witnessing this.
The two lapsed into words too soft for Steve to make out, but they didn’t move further apart then to let their arms fall from around one another. Steve didn’t want to look too closely at that, but it was difficult not to think that something was going on when they’d greeted one another so affectionately. It was different to how Tony had been with Rumiko, there had obviously been some bad blood shared between them that lingered. The hug and look of relief and exasperation on the woman’s face when she’d approached Tony told a very different story.
“What kind of problem?” Steve’s voice was sharp and loud in the room.
“Why did you leave?” Natasha asked, eyes locked on him.
“I wouldn’t say ‘just’ Tony,” Steve said, leaning closer to him, trying to catch his eyes again.
But, that was apparently an overreaction.
” Steve breathed, the room still as all eyes stared.
“Tony,” Steve sighed in frustration as the still bound man worked his jaw, scrunching up his nose in a way Steve did
“Looks like a remodelled Scow ship,” Steve said, stepping into the suit and pulling it up around him.
“You got drunk and took one of your cars out for a drive. You hit a wet patch on the road and skidded into a tree, you only barely survived,” Steve took another step towards him, hands raised in a placating manner.
Tony wound his way through people and shops with almost telepathic ease, and Steve didn’t doubt for a moment that Tony was familiar with this planet. There’s always been a certain ease with which Tony navigated streets, but this wasn’t just a good sense of direction, this was experience.
Sitting at the large dining table were the rest of the Avengers. Clint, the one who’d broken Tony out of his coffee induced haze, had raised an eyebrow from where he was sitting, a bowl of cereal held in one hand and a spoon in the other. Natasha was watching him over the top of her own mug of coffee, expression mostly hidden by the porcelain. Thor clearly hadn’t allowed Tony’s actions to stop him from demolishing his breakfast, and Bruce looked amused as he clasped a cup of tea within his hands, the steam slightly fogging up his glasses. Steve was sitting at the end of the table, paper newspaper open in front of him and eyes firmly locked on the page, though nothing could hide the brilliant pink of his ears.
“Eh, they’ll live,” she shrugged.
“Talk,” Steve said, not even bothering with the illusion of eating. After he had some answers, then he’d start worrying about sustenance.
“There’s a perfectly comfortable couch in my workshop, you know,” Tony half-heartedly protested as she turned down the sheets like he was a child. A couch had been the first thing he’d bought for the workshop after it had been finished. He would never hear the end of it if Darcy stopped by and there was nowhere for her to sit when she invaded his workshop.
Thanks so much to my (super quick!!) beta, MxGryffindorOtaku; any remaining mistakes are on me.
“Nick,” Steve said, a bit of the past soldier in him slipping into his voice and straightening his spine.
“Did you want to have sex just to try and work out a solution to one of your engineering problems?”
“So, you’re the infamous Loki Silver-tongue,” Tony offered a sharp grin to the quiet man. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“You are the best,” he grinned, allowing her to push him away with a laugh.
Glancing around, Steve weighed up his new mechanics right to privacy, and his own curiosity with his ships safety to concern himself with as well, before giving a sharp nod. Clint made short work of moving the rocks and revealing the book buried in the shallow hole.
“What’s going on?” Tony yawned, stretching his arms over his head as he was directed towards the kitchen.
Tony may have neglected to mention Natasha Romanov’s very revealing assessment of him, not so much for the things he believed himself to be, but the things she’d missed.
“Let me go - you asshole!” Tony tried to squirm out of the grip, but it wasn’t working. If anything, Tony found himself crushed harder against the strong chest, the feeling of numerous small cylinders in a cross shape digging into his back. God, Tony would bet his whole fortune that those were blocks of spare ammunition strapped to the guys’ chest.
“Stop snivelling, child! Get out of my sight!” his voice was thunderously loud in the quiet room. The glass he’d been holding flew into the heat of the fire, causing the flames to flare.
Reaching out, Steve ripped the duct tape from Tony’s mouth unsympathetically, ignoring the small yelp of pain the action caused.
“Now Steve,” Traveller cut in softly. “Tony can’t help it. We need to encourage him to try harder to resist his fantasy world, after all.”
“So, how’d you guys end up at a festival that you know nothin' about?” the woman asked once they began walking back to the main festival area.
“Are you sure about this?” Natasha asked, eyeing Steve from her tense position just behind Clint’s pilot chair.
“Oh. I hope you didn’t stay up because I was, you know,” he made a tilting gesture with his hand to convey ‘using you as my personal pillow’. “You could have just pushed me off. You didn’t have to, like, stay and let me potentially drool on you,” Tony chuckled awkwardly, relief filling him as he realised that, no, he hadn’t drooled on Captain America, the people’s hero. Thank god.
“Ah, date’s goin’ well then, I see,” Clint winked at them, completely unaffected by the glare Steve threw him.
“I love you,” was all he could say, knowing that any kind of promise he made that would make her feel better would be nothing more than a lie on his tongue.
The late afternoon light seemed to fade quickly from they sky, and people began to gather around a central pile of wood off to the side of the main festivities.
"Don't you have a ship to pilot?" Steve called out to him, wrapping his arms around Tony and pulling the laughing man into his chest properly as he stared down the pilot over the mechanics head.
“The glare you send Clint every time he says something to Tony is practically radiating ‘mine’ for the whole world to see. I’m actually a little amazed and embarrassed on his behalf that he hasn’t noticed you yet.” She frowned slightly.
Rogers… in a situation where death seemed pretty fucking immanent, Tony could admit that despite the fact he was fairly certain Rogers hated him and the man had hit him right where it verbally hurt, Tony still thought he was crazy hot. That, and Rogers seemed to actually, genuinely be trying to do what was right, which was pretty rare these days.
Steve was surprised when Jane made a beeline for Thor himself, the man suddenly stopped his celebrations of successfully winning his game with Clint, in order to stare at Jane with an equally surprised look on his face.
“Darcy and I get along well, we have many, what did she call it?” he looked thoughtful for a moment before snapping his fingers. “Gossip sessions,” he said the words with the air of one who didn’t quite know what they meant, but had been repeatedly told that they applied to the situation.
“I’ll be back in Malibu tomorrow, find some time to come visit me when uni’s over, okay?”
“Hi, Steve,” Tony said.
Tony didn’t, of course, reveal to Obie or anyone besides Darcy the truth behind the organisation creation. To the rest of the world, he was the successful and loving son creating something beautiful in memory of the mother he lost as a child.
Further talk was suspended by the arrival of the subject of their conversation himself.
“Really? That’s-that’s great,” Steve said, voice pleased.
They had been through a lot lately; Tony, himself and the crew. While the mechanic certainly seemed to dance to the beat of his own drum, he really hadn’t done anything that would jeopardise Steve’s crew. Where Tony was concerned, there was a remarkable blankness to his past. He’d told them about the Ten Rings and the horror that was being captured by them, the insertion of the glowing blue light into his chest and what it was there for. But, Steve didn’t know anything of his life before his capture a few years ago.
Silence stretched out between them for a long moment as Steve tried to digest the new information.
“So, yes.” Tony walked over to him and, with only a moment’s hesitation, held out the pressure belt to Steve with a small smile. Steve automatically took it.
“Well, aren’t you lucky? Pretty sure your rich friend is completely cool though. I mean, to basically put you up while you’re in Manhattan. The coolest person ever, I’d say,” Tony grinned, relief rushing through him. It wasn’t until these past few minutes that he’d realised how much he needed his friend here. It was fine with Darcy, but she was only nine and still had yet to fully grasp that they were all that was left of their family now. Obie kept coming and going, but he was trying to keep the company afloat in the crisis that was the head of the company, the founder, CEO and brains behind the majority of the weapons created, suddenly dying. Tony had been avoiding the papers since it had all happened.
“They’re the same thing, Darc. Those weapons are time sensitive…” he said quietly, feeling exhausted trying to make her understand.
“No, it’s okay. Let’s look at the colour choices now, it’s not like whether or not this works is more important than what colour it’s painted or anything,” Tony sighed and sat up from his hunched over position, pushing the magnified glasses he was wearing for easily sighting the tiny wires onto the top of his head. “Okay, show me what you’ve got. No, not in my face, that’s too close, hold them, just, yeah, that’s it, okay,” he leaned forward slightly as Dummy stopped trying to shove the sample colours at him and looked them over critically.
“Technically, I don’t cook,” Tony protested feebly.
“Oh, my god, Steve, do you sit there and braid each other’s hair and nails while gossiping about the boys you like or something?” Amusement swept through him, the image of the duo in that position almost making him laugh out loud.
This is it people, the final chapter.
Nothing he tried was working. Every element he attempted was vetoed by Jarvis as unstable or unsuitable. Staring at his latest blood toxicity result, Tony once again wracked his brain, trying to find the loophole he needed that had thus far eluded him. After everything, there had to be something left for him to try. He wasn’t the type of person to accept defeat lying down.
“I’m fine, Pepper, you don’t need to worry about me,” he said quietly.
For a long while, Tony had wanted to make it work between them. They were both attracted to one another – that was obvious – but they just never had their moment. It may have been fanciful and romantic of him, but Tony believed that there was a very small window during which two people could make a go of a relationship together. As it stood, they did fall into a relationship, just not the one Tony had expected. He’d never in a million years have guessed all those years ago, upon hiring the pepper spraying SI employee to be his PA, that one day she’d be one of his closest friends. There were times, such as this, when Pepper all but mothered him.
“Attention unauthorised ship. You have been detected leaving the quarantined planet, Tadamori. Please kill your engines and prepare for boarding.
Groaning, Tony tried to get his bearings and work out what the hell had ploughed into his side. Pushing a weight off of his chest, he looked down to see someone dressed in uniform - no doubt the security uniform, judging by the standardized black ensemble - lying across him, body riddled with bullet holes. Shoving a lot harder and struggling to his feet so he was no longer beneath a corpse, Tony looked around him and tensed upon seeing the man they were looking for standing in the hole he had made in the wall.
“I wouldn’t have a safe place to stay,” Bruce smiled that little, self-deprecating smile he favoured.
“Right, well, I’d like to say that this was short and sweet, but we all know that’s a lie. It was disgusting,” Tony said, eyeing the splattering of the honeybee’s insides that particularly coated the Hulk. Sometimes, wearing a suit of armour was a blessing. “I, however, have other things to attend to.” He took a step back from them and the whine from his boots signalled his imminent take-off.
!” Tony exclaimed, body jerking in sympathy as Thor looked back to Jane, something like resignation on his face as he even didn’t try to defend himself as she began speaking rapidly to him.
“Uh, I’ll just have my coffee, here, I’ll give you some money,” he reached into his back pocket for his wallet, but Steve grabbed his arm and held it still.
- should we intervene?
“Sorry your murderous plan to see the end of the Stark line – and therefore allowing you to take their place without opposition – failed.”
“You’re ridiculous,” Tony exclaimed, looking delighted as he stole back his mug and drank what remained.
“Darcy, just try to enjoy yourself, will you? This isn’t quite the crisis situation that you seem to want to make this into,” he suddenly gave her a mock-serious look as a thought occurred to him.
“Anthony,” Obadiah Stone said, voice just as slick as he remembered it.
Tony may be an unusual person, but Steve wouldn’t change him for the world.
“To limited success, I’m sure,” Natasha spoke up, voice warmly amused.
“How’d you know where I was?” Tony asked after a long moment of just breathing slowly, mindful of his ribs.
All errors are my own.
For now, however, this piece is done. I'll probably be fixing a few minor errors in spelling/grammar over the next few days but apart from that all the images are (finally) uploaded and scenes completed.
Bucky had fallen to a fellow government soldiers gun.
Making sure to grip Tony’s shoulders tightly, Steve used the leverage to fuck up hard into the willing body below him, his thighs burning with excursion and his breath coming in through hot gasps of air.
“Oh? Why’s that?” Tony cocked an eyebrow at the large man, and Steve determinedly looked around at the food stalls so as not to catch Tony’s eye.
Silence filled the room, no one making a sound as Tony stared determinedly at his knees, body tense in anticipation for the yelling and crying that was about to take place. He would weather it all though. Lying to Darcy about their mother had been the momentary action of a foolish child who had wanted to give his little sister more than he had been able to at the time. He should have been honest with her years ago, certainly well before she was an established adult and going out into the world on her own. Honestly, he should have just not answered her question, should have told her to wait until she was older, until she could understand why their mother was the way she had been. That Maria Stark was focused and determined, but only when it came to her social standing in the various wealthy circles in which she moved.
