Silence greeted Mycroft’s pronouncement until Greg could reorganize his thoughts.
“Easy, Stroud.  We have enough evidence to convict you of kidnapping three women already.  Not to mention resisting arrest and possible assault.  No need to add anything else.  No one needs to get hurt tonight.”  Sherlock said.
“Yeah, erm, he has a broken arm, but other than that, he’s alright.”
John’s cheeks tinged pink at that, but he didn’t contradict the statement.  If he had been correct this morning, then Sherlock was likely to be his boyfriend soon anyway.
At least Sherlock wasn’t causing problems again.
Now that Sherlock had pointed it out, it seemed obvious and glaring to John.  Sherlock pulled out his phone, took a few photos, and dashed off a text message.  John looked at him inquiringly.
He got up to follow everyone out, taking a moment to shake the Prime Minister of Croatia’s hand before resuming his thoughts on the way to his office.
“Stop looking at me like that, John!  This is serious!  Harris was found on the third day, in the morning, which means it’s only a matter of hours at most before Lowe is returned too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
Sherlock bolted off the couch, crossed the room, and perched himself precariously on the edge of his chair.
Oh, God.  He was sleeping on
Exasperated, Sherlock frogmarched John to his chair and forced him to sit.  He returned to the kitchen to finish the tea, stirring sugar into his own.  John’s fingers lingered against Sherlock’s as he accepted the teacup and newspaper, and Sherlock could feel his eyes widen in response.  Distance.  He needed distance.  He turned hastily and retreated to the sofa.
John face softened with a tender smile.  “No.  No, of course not.  I’ve spent all day wondering when I was going to get to kiss you, actually.  I would have just now, except that you’re acting so bloody uncomfortable.”
“Could he just be a Moriarty type?  Looking to cause chaos for the sake of chaos?”
“Believe it or not, it’s not that easy to make me uncomfortable.  Come here.”
Greg half expected Sherlock and John to be in the flat when he arrived.  Sherlock certainly had no qualms about breaking and entering, and John always seemed to let it slide if it was for a case.  When the landlord opened the door, however the flat was empty.  Forensics set up for their investigation while Greg secured police tape over the door and surveyed the exterior.  The landlord led one member of the team to each door and window to secure surveillance equipment outside.  Greg made a mental note to have more placed inside the flat after forensics finished.
“John!  Quickly!  In here.”
At seven o’clock, Greg found himself following a pretty young woman through a very posh Italian restaurant to a relatively private booth in the back.  Mycroft was already seated facing the front of the building.  Only one other table was visible from there, and it was occupied – rather suspiciously – by three men in non-descript black suits.  Well, this was going to be an interesting evening.
It was barely half past seven.  He needed to make copies of the interviews for Sherlock, and then there might be enough time to read over part of the files again before heading out to the flat.  No doubt it would be another very long day.
“Mycroft, I need a license plate.  It will be on CCTV from this morning.  The delivery alley behind the 180 block of Sloane Street.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was already cleaning the mess in the kitchen and airing out the flat by the time John had finished dressing.  He had cringed just the smallest bit when he noticed John was out of the shower.  John had said nothing, just joined Sherlock in the kitchen to help clean and then start a more edible lunch for them.
Wait.  Why was he sleeping on the sofa?
“Yes, you’re going to have to call my brother.”  Sherlock responded.
And bailing Sherlock out was even more tedious than dealing with politicians.  Just lovely.
“Ah, yeah.  We had an incident.  Exploding eggs in the kitchen.  Fire alarms.  My phone was in my coat.  I’m sure I missed it ringing with all the commotion.”  John explained watching Sherlock rifle through Jacquelyn Lowe’s purse and wallet.
He was dithering when the automatic doors slid open and admitted Mycroft with all the dramatic flair of a super villain.  Adrenaline immediately flooded Greg’s stomach making his limbs tingle.  Oh God.  This had potential to become very embarrassing.
“Obvious.”  Sherlock immediately resumed walking once John was a few feet behind him.
“Hi, Detective.  This is Mae Harris.  I’m returning your call from yesterday.”  The voice on the phone said.
“We can have a list within the hour.  I can also have personnel prepared to assist your force tonight.  The second victim vanished the same day the first reappeared, so tonight may be critical.”  Mycroft said.
John froze mid-duck, surprised.  Even by Sherlock’s standards, that epiphany was quick.  He’d barely been in the room 30 seconds.  Sherlock pivoted and strode back toward the door so fast, that John didn’t register he had even moved until he was ducking under John’s still outstretched arm.  John scrambled after him, while Greg shouted futilely.
“She was definitely taken from here.”  Anderson said.
Of that scant handful, even fewer could tolerate a Holmes for more than a sentence or two.  The problem lay not in the intelligence gap itself, but in the understanding of it.  To be able to relate to someone requires a modicum of commonality.  The peculiarity of both of the Holmes brothers made establishing such commonality nearly impossible.
Sherlock’s brain had abandoned him the instant he realized John was bleeding.  He had spent the rest of the morning with John’s name playing on repeat in his head.  A glitch – infinite recursion.  The volume of the broken audio track seemed to be inversely proportional to his proximity to John.  As long as he stayed by John’s side, it remained a muffled background noise, but the damn nurses had kicked him out of the room.  In the waiting room, his mind had practically been screaming.
And he wanted it to be a date quite badly.  Mycroft grimaced a bit.  Could he really develop a friendship with Greg when he so clearly wanted something else?
“Actually… that’s possible.  I hadn’t considered that.”  Sherlock could always rely on John.  With this new theory in play, Sherlock vanished again into his mind palace.  He needed to test the evidence to see if it fit.
Tenderness settled into John’s chest.  All those little considerations the past few days: trying to make dinner, making sure John went to bed, eating last night.  And holding John.  Sherlock wanted this, wanted John, whether or not he was capable of admitting it.
The Westminster Gymnasium was housed in an old building that had been converted for modern use.  The classical façade belied a posh, modern interior.  Sherlock climbed the front steps and pulled the door open.  A receptionist sat at a circular desk in front of the exercise equipment.  His polo shirt stretched too tightly across his chest and his black hair was gelled fashionably in front of his forehead.  His nametag read “Toby.”  As Sherlock approached the desk, he smelled the distinct aroma of expensive hand cream.  Definitely gay.
“Sherlock?  Sherlock, wait!  Where are you going?  Sherlock!  John!  Wait!  What are you-“
“Where are we going?”  John asked.
“Yes well, his work with the Yard seems to keep him clean.”  Was Mycroft trying to thank Greg?
He gently eased Sherlock’s arm from around his shoulder and pushed up on the elbow that was trapped beneath him.  Sherlock was lying on his back, blocking John’s escape, so John carefully reached his free, left arm over Sherlock and shifted part of his weight onto it.  Then, he moved his left leg, hoping to put his knee on the edge of the sofa before he shifted again.  His knee missed the cushion completely, however, and John suddenly found himself sprawled over a very startled Sherlock.
Sherlock said “oh!” suddenly and went very, very still.  His eyes shifted back and forth without blinking as though he were reading words off some imaginary screen.  John knew that look.  Sherlock was cross referencing some data with a new idea.
“Donovan is getting the address.  We can all head out to the crime scene as soon as we’ve got it.”  Greg said.
John cleared his throat, and Sherlock immediately backed away.  Greg looked between the two, searching for any more signs of what might have been happening a moment before, but both of their expressions were blank and unembarrassed.  Perhaps he had imagined the intensity that had seemed to spark between them.  Even if he hadn’t imagined it, Sherlock was so often melodramatic and ignorant of personal space, that Greg could hardly attribute that look to anything particular.  He tilted his head curiously, but Sherlock spoke before he could ask.
He smiled at the thought as he made his way to the waiting room where he found Sherlock talking to Lestrade.  Sherlock had just finished explaining the morning’s events to the DI when John walked up.
Greg rolled his eyes.  “Just get in the ambulance.  I’ll meet you at the hospital.”
I know this one is a bit short.  I'm going to make up for it in the next one.  Thanks for reading, as always!
“Nine works.  Thank you.  See you then.”  Lestrade hung up the phone and then texted Sherlock the time and address.  Hopefully the man wouldn’t traumatize the poor woman.
“Sherlock, you need to eat.  You can’t hope to come up with any new ideas if you haven’t eat for two straight days.”
“It just doesn’t make sense.  There’s no reason to be doing this.”  Greg was talking about the kidnapper.
“No.  He’s far too clever for that, but if there are any other leads, that is the place to find them.”
“Yeah, I doubt it.  Thank you.  Get Anderson out to the apartment, and set up surveillance this time.  Then get the team to start interviewing the family, friends, co-workers… You know what to do.”
Sherlock was so immersed in the case files that their arrival at Baker Street surprised him.  John paid the cabbie before heading inside.  For once, Sherlock trailed one step behind him, reluctant to pull his nose from the folder.
After that the conversation turned back to the trials of maintaining peace and sanity in London (for Greg) or the world (for Mycroft).  Greg was pleasantly warm from the wine and laughing when he glanced at his watch.  He had no desire to leave, but he also needed to be up early tomorrow.  Greg tried to think of the best way to say goodnight, but Mycroft saved him the trouble.
John looked on as Sherlock turned.  He gestured for John to follow and then headed back for the main street with the phone still pressed to his ear.  No sooner had they reached the front of the shops than Sherlock said “got it” and promptly hung up.
Greg sat in the waiting room of the A&E for the second time that week and the fifth time that month.
“Yep.  I’m an idiot, remember?”  Why was John grinning like that?
“The answer is no.  We can’t-  I can’t do this.  I don’t do relationships John.  I’m not capable of providing the sort of affection that a normal person needs.  I won’t be what you’re expecting.”
century poisons from the coffee table and pretended to read nonchalantly.  John’s eyes stared at him from across the room.  He hadn't even opened the paper.  Sherlock forced himself not to look up and meet that gaze, but he still saw John rise and start to cross the room with his peripheral vision.  Panic flooded him.
Sherlock most certainly did not need to rest.  He slept four hours last night.  That was more than enough, but John did need sleep.  John’s health and comfort was the first priority.  Besides, he could think just as easily at home as here, better even.  Lestrade and Donovan didn’t object either, so they bade each other goodnight and headed in three different directions for home.
Lestrade poured his coffee and then went to check up on his team.  The office was reminiscent of a kicked ants’ nest.  Officers and sergeants scuttled about.  The clock was ticking for the victim, and everyone clearly felt the pressure, the atmosphere intensified by the fact that this new case could very well be related to the last, failed one.  The group Sally had organized to conduct interviews was already hurrying out the door, and Anderson’s forensics unit looked nearly ready to depart as well.  If Greg was going to join them, he needed to be ready to leave.
“I shall await your arrival presently.”
Sherlock pushed the send button before stowing his phone back in a coat pocket.  “No.”  He turned down the alley and headed toward the far end.  John spluttered before kicking himself back into action and hurrying after Sherlock.
“I don’t understand.”
Mae Harris returned from the kitchen bearing a tray of teacups.  Greg took one gratefully, and John followed his lead.
“Yes, you are.”  Sherlock had risen from his chair and moved toward John slowly as he pointed out the evidence.  “You’ve clearly had a terrible day at the clinic.  You saw at least eight patients, mostly flu given the season, but one child clearly vomited on you.  Changing your clothes does not get rid of that smell.  You also gave at least one person stitches; there was blood on one of your shirt cuffs.  You walked up the stairs at least ten seconds slower than you normally do.  You’re sitting slouched in your chair, not your normal military posture, and there are horrible circles under your eyes.  You are tired.  And I helped nothing by blowing things up in the kitchen.”  Sherlock had dramatically finished this speech with one arm on either side of John.
The gym was a dead-end.  Maybe Lestrade had found a new lead in the meantime.  Hopefully.  If not, they were back to where they had started.
John nodded, and they turned down an alley.  Sherlock jumped for the ladder and immediately started to climb.  John followed as quickly as possible to avoid being left behind on the street.  On the first landing, Sherlock peered into the window.  His long fingers pried at the window sill, but the window didn’t budge.  It was either locked tight or sealed permanently.  Without hesitating, Sherlock shattered the window pane with his wool-covered elbow.  The old glass gave way easily, but John still cringed at the bruise that he knew would appear there later.
He allowed his breath to huff out dramatically.  His appearance could not be improved.  In any case, he would not concede that it even mattered how he looked in front of Lestrade.
Affection.  Of course.  For John who was his best and only friend.  It couldn’t be avoided.  Moriarty had proven at the pool just how dangerous Sherlock’s friendship with John could be to them both.  A dangerous disadvantage, true, but also a challenge to which John constantly rose.  He reciprocated Sherlock’s affection obviously.  Only true sentiment could allow someone to continue living with someone as intolerable as him.  It might be a cause for concern, but Sherlock would no sooner divest himself of it – or John – than he would his right arm.  No, John was too deeply integrated into Sherlock’s life and psyche to remove.
John already accommodated his eccentricities as a friend and flatmate.  Maybe he could also tolerate Sherlock as more.  If he could understand Sherlock’s – admittedly odd – expressions of affection, then it could certainly work.  What was holding him back?  Did he trust John?  Yes.  That was settled then.
It was Mycroft’s turn to laugh; he had no great love of the forensics expert either.  “Yes, he can be quite industrious when he chooses to be.  When he was seven, he told the nanny that he was building an atomic bomb in the basement.  I thought nothing of it, of course, until I actually saw the contraption.  He had basically succeeded.  He only needed the uranium to make it work.  I still have not managed to find out from where he procured the schematics in a time before the internet.”
Breathing – normal.  Pulse – normal.  Pupils – dilating normally.
Sherlock had certainly succeeded in the last few years.  Perhaps he had not established a romantic partnership, but his relationship with John was more than that of mere colleagues.  He treated Greg as more than a simple business transaction too, and Mrs. Hudson was no more Sherlock’s landlord than their mother had been.  Sherlock had friends.
Sherlock’s brain flat-lined.  White nothingness rushed in to fill the sudden vacancy of thought before he started to come back online.  What was happening?  He needed to take inventory of the situation before he drew any conclusions.
His office was still empty when he returned, so he sat back at his desk and pretended to read that report.  He could at least appear relaxed.
There it was again.  John’s apparent physical comfort with Sherlock.  Was it possible that John really wanted Sherlock too?  Conceivable, but it didn’t matter.  Any attempt at a relationship would fall apart as soon as John realized that Sherlock would not be any less difficult as a lover than he was as a friend.
Greg Lestrade was an ideal candidate for a social relationship, with the possible exception that he already maintained a certain amount of loyalty to Sherlock.  Still, Greg understood the quirks of Sherlock well enough, so there was certainly potential for him to be as understanding of Mycroft.  He also fit nicely into the small category of people who might understand the weight his job.  After all, the police held lives in their hands daily, though perhaps on a smaller scale than he himself did, and Mycroft had certainly enjoyed Lestrade’s company.  He had long forgotten how stress-relieving socializing could be.
“Good.  He’s quite important to Sherlock. Between you and me, I’d hate to see him come to harm.”
Lestrade looked hopeful when he saw Sherlock and John walk in the door.  Even Donovan only glared half-heartedly.
The cabbie seemed quite annoyed to have a bleeding passenger, but they managed to make it to the A&E all the same.  The waiting room was mostly empty, and a triage nurse steered John into the back immediately with Sherlock practically clinging to his arm.
Sherlock hailed a cab while he waited for John to catch up to him.  Anderson and his ludicrously incompetent forensics team had missed every piece of evidence in the flat, but even Sherlock had to admit that the tidbits he had found were paltry.  The lack of leads was, for once, not the fault of anyone at the Yard.  He needed to read the case files more closely.  It had been four days since the first victim was abducted.  Highly unlikely there was any evidence left at her flat.  Lestrade should have called him sooner.  Though to be honest, he might not have taken the case earlier.  It was only now interesting enough to capture his attention.
“We have nothing to go on then.”  Donovan said throwing up her hands in surrender.
John knew that Greg was wondering too what to make of that look Sherlock and John had shared.  John cringed inwardly.  He could explain it away to Lestrade as an unlikely byproduct of Sherlock’s eccentricities.  That might even be the truth, but it felt dishonest to John.  Whatever Sherlock might have been thinking, and whatever else John might feel about it, he couldn’t deny the magnetic pull that had possessed him as Sherlock bent over his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft stopped laughing.  In the instant after his face fell from amusement and before it became carefully constructed and blank, Greg saw his eyebrows furrow.  There was sadness there.  Pain at some long-buried memories of his little brother.  Greg knew from experience that Sherlock was not an easy person to love.  He was an impossible person to protect.
“Or perhaps I have done so many reprehensible things today that you cannot decide which most warrants an apology.”
Mycroft certainly didn’t need friends the way Sherlock had.  Sherlock had been reckless – wild and lawless.  Mycroft’s life lay firmly in his control.  Friends were a responsibility for which he had no time and even less inclination.
had.  Thankfully, both of them seemed to simply let it go as Mycroft turned to leave.  He had reached the threshold when Greg’s tired voice overtook him.
Sherlock looked toward the curtained window before bolting up and beginning to pace anxiously.
Sherlock never apologized.  It just didn’t happen.  John had been flabbergasted.  Some of his shock must have been visible on his face because Sherlock had immediately become huffy.  “Aren’t you supposed to accept my apology?”
This was ridiculous.  Adolescent drama was decades in Greg’s past.  He was married and divorced, for God’s sake!  He could ask Mycroft out on a simple date.  No problem.
A cheerful waitress appeared and took their drink orders.  To Greg’s great surprise, Mycroft ordered a bottle of wine.
“Yes, I heard, but… Why?”  Sherlock demanded, frantic.
“Don’t worry, Greg.  It is late, and I won’t be offended in the least if you go home now.  Truthfully, I should go as well, though this has been a most pleasant evening.”
“He’s the only person who had the address, and he and Lestrade are on a first-name basis these days.”  Lestrade blushed, but Sherlock pushed on as if he hadn’t noticed.  “Do we really need to take an ambulance?  We aren’t hurt that badly.”
Lestrade shrugged in acknowledgement of John’s point, but Sherlock it seemed was not concerned by the impossible feat.  “The question is not how.  It’s why,” he said.  And with that, he was on his feet and striding toward the door.  He was pulling on his coat and scarf by the time John and Greg realized he had moved.
“Is it possible that the kidnapper knows we found Jacquelyn Lowe’s purse and coat?  I mean, he might have taken them on purpose to throw us off.”  John said.
But then that question didn’t require Sherlock Holmes’s deductive skills to answer.  John could.  John already did.  He lived with Sherlock and not only tolerated, but practically worshipped the man.  If anyone knew how to handle Sherlock, it was John Watson.
flustered by the prospect of seeing the detective.  How had this little infatuation gotten so out of control?  He needed to compose himself before Gregory arrived.  It would not do to convey interest in him unintentionally.
“Greg,” Mycroft smiled in greeting, “good work.  Miss Holloway is back home unharmed, the ambassador is appeased, and the perpetrator is in custody.  You must be pleased.  How is my brother?”
“John, no.”
“It’s just a graze.”  John argued.
people would have learned to call the police first after ending up in the hospital just once, but Sherlock and John seemed to have a death wish.
Still, the attraction Sherlock felt for John was growing, becoming out of control.  Lost in his deductions earlier, he had not even realized he had closed the gap between them until he was on top of John.  John should have been annoyed at this latest invasion of personal space, but instead he had not pulled away at all.  Sherlock had clearly seen the burn of attraction in John’s eyes.  Or perhaps he had simply felt his own attraction and projected it onto John.  His feelings for John made his observations unreliable.  In either case, the pull emanating from John at such close proximity had been unbearable.  Sherlock silently thanked Lestrade for his timely intrusion.  He had been sorely tempted to kiss John, the results of which would no doubt have been catastrophic.
“Miss Harris, yes.  I’m sorry to bother you.  We’re concerned that your case is related to another kidnapping that we’re dealing with.  We’d like to take another look around your flat, if that’s alright with you.  We’ve brought a consultant in on your case, and he’ll most likely want to speak with you as well.  I understand if you’re uncomfortable, but…”
John’s soldier instincts warned him just a second earlier than Sherlock’s observational skills, and he dove for Sherlock, tackling him to the ground.  The bang of a gunshot echoed around the room, and John felt a sharp sting in his right bicep.
When Sherlock found out about this – which he inevitably would – he was going to call Greg an idiot, and Greg was going to bloody well deserve it this time.
He chased the elusive relation through his mind for a while.  After completely reviewing the case files twice, however, Sherlock admitted defeat.  If there was such a person, he or she was not mentioned in any of the information to which Sherlock currently had access.  Hopefully tomorrow he could speak with the first victim.  She was their best bet for understanding who connected the pair.
Perhaps Greg shouldn’t have so easily dismissed the desire he had seen between them yesterday.  They weren’t fawning over each other, but Greg couldn’t imagine Sherlock fawning over anyone to be fair.  A bit of awkwardness hovered in the air separating them, instead.  They probably weren’t shagging yet, but their relationship seemed poised on the edge of a precipice whether they knew it or not.
“I’m afraid he’s right, Mr. Watson.  We will need to check for concussion.”  Hardy replied, already suturing John’s wound.
“Greg, I assume you know less than I do at this point?”  Mycroft asked by way of greeting.
One very tense cab ride later, John and Sherlock looked up at another old-fashioned building, not far from the gym they had visited the day before.  John followed Sherlock’s gaze to the card reader by the door.  It seemed the place was employees only.
John remained in place just long enough to see Sherlock whip out his phone and begin to text – Lestrade probably.  John dashed for the stairs.  He threw on the nearest set of clothes and grabbed his Sig from the top of his dresser.  The game was on.  By the time he made it back down the stairs, Sherlock had already changed and was pulling on his coat.  He gave John a serious look, as if to ask if he was ready.  John nodded, and they hurried out the door without another word.
“Mycroft.”  Sherlock interrupted.  John looked inquiringly over at him.
“Sherlock,” John had begun pleadingly, but Sherlock cut him off.
“Oh God.  Do control yourself, Mycroft.”  Sherlock said while wrapping his scarf around his neck.
“Not to worry.  Over-protective boyfriends are nothing I can’t handle.”
“The circumstances surrounding the two girls’ disappearances are similar.  They both vanished sometime between leaving work one evening and returning the next morning.  Neither flat showed any sign of a struggle, but Harris remembers making it home before she was taken.  The victims themselves are similar as well.  Both young women, twenty-three and twenty-four.  Both work in high profile offices in the Westminster area and live near Hyde Park.  We can’t ignore the similarities.”
The press would have the people of London believe that the police played absolutely no role whatsoever in apprehending criminals.  After all, with Sherlock Holmes on the case, there was really nothing for the Yard to do…
“It might be easiest if we’re both actually nearby.  We could always get dinner while we wait?”  Mycroft thought he heard a hopeful note in Gregory’s voice.  Was he asking Mycroft on a date?  No.  What a preposterous notion.  Gregory Lestrade had no interest in a man like Mycroft Holmes.
For the number of times those two got injured, they were lucky to be alive.
After their plates were stacked in the sink, Sherlock had looked up rather sheepishly at John and muttered “Sorry.”
Anthea buzzed Gregory in a few minutes later.
“We have almost everything we need.  I’m just missing something.  Something important.  Why?  Why are they being taken?”  Sherlock’s frustration grew by the second.  Donovan’s despair was not improving his mood either.
Sherlock’s friends had made him better.  He not only solved more crimes, his behavior had improved in nearly every conceivable way.  He was still insufferable, of course, but they cared for him anyway.  That concept was not totally objectionable to Mycroft.  That someone might care for him in spite of all his reprehensible doings seemed impossible, but perhaps if Sherlock could succeed, then the Holmes brothers were not a lost cause after all.
Mycroft sat resolutely and opened a report on new Canadian gun regulations.  He read the first page and only realized at the bottom that he had yet to take in a single word of it.  A second attempt met the same failure.  After his third attempt, Mycroft was ready to throw the report at the wall.
Before he could begin eviscerating Anderson and the rest of forensics, Greg cut him off.  “All we have to go on is a possible mutual acquaintance then.  Miss Harris, do you know a Jacquelyn Lowe?”
“Mycroft, please.  It’s a pleasure, as always.”  Mycroft said sliding gracefully back onto his seat.  Damn that signature Holmes grace.  It left Greg feeling like a particularly uncultured chimpanzee.
“I’m sorry.  I really don’t understand your proposition.”
“No,” Lestrade said.  “Whoever entered here was careful to wear gloves, and we haven’t found any blood or hair.”
“You want to ‘hang out’?  With me?  Like a date?”  Greg smiled, flattered.  Could it really be this easy?
“Sherlock, you know that isn’t what I meant.  If you’re referring to the exploding eggs, then don’t worry about it.  I’ve seen worse messes, today even.  I should have known better than to try to get you to cook.”
“No fingerprints, sir, and no sign of struggle.  Just like the last time.”  Anderson reported promptly.
She took it and shook.  “Of course, Detective.  Please let me know if I can help in any other way.”
In the end John was subjected to a complete – though he had to admit standard – neurological evaluation.  Sherlock annoyed Dr. Hardy so much in the process that the hospital staff banished him to the waiting room.
The question seemed to have piqued Sherlock’s interest at least.  His eyes never left Harris’s face as she answered, and Greg felt a swell of pride at asking a Sherlock-approved question.
Someone who knows – and cares for – both women angers the abductor.  The abductor then kidnaps the women to cause distress to their mutual acquaintance, but minimizes the distress to the women themselves.
John caught up a moment later, spluttering and visibly confused.  “Where are we going, Sherlock?  Shouldn’t we take a closer look around the gym?”
“Here.  Look.”  Sherlock placed a hand warmly on the small of John’s back and leaned in, pointing down a small alley between two buildings.  John’s eyes followed Sherlock’s arm.  Tactically, it was an ideal location.  It would be easy to snatch someone quickly off the street.  A sharp turn just a few feet ahead limited the sight lines down one side of the street, and an awning overhead obscured the view of CCTV cameras and curious people in windows alike.  During rush hour, a single person was unlikely to be missed in the ebb and flow of traffic.  However, this wasn’t the only such nook on the street.  Sherlock was seeing something that John was not.
“No, I don’t think I’ve ever heard that name before.”  She answered.
“How am I supposed to solve this case if I’m falling asleep every single night, and-”  Sherlock continued ranting.
“It’s certainly the location I’d pick, but it’s not the only suitable place for an abduction.  How can you be sure this is it?”
“Uh, in that case, it’s Greg.”  Greg sat and pulled his menu towards him.  “I got the info you sent over earlier.  Only five likely victims.  That’s a reasonable number for our teams to look after for tonight.”
Logically the only point to settle was not whether Mycroft should cultivate the relationship, but the exact nature that such a social relationship might take.  And to answer that, Mycroft needed to decide if last night was a date.
John dropped Sherlock’s wrist and retreated to his own armchair in which he sat looking completely at ease.
“Uh, well, in colloquial terms, I suppose I am suggesting that we, er, ‘hang out.’”  Mycroft said.
Mycroft turned and strode back out the automatic doors.  Greg followed anxiously.  In the cool night air, Mycroft handed him a cigarette and offered up a light.  Greg took a drag before turning to Mycroft.
Stroud looked ready to continue the struggle, but sirens announcing the arrival of the police seemed to change his mind.  A moment later, Lestrade burst through the door, and two officers moved forward to make the arrest, while Donovan rushed to the back to untie Melanie Holloway.
“We should all go home.”  John suddenly interjected.  It seemed John could sense Sherlock’s mounting tension and wanted to stop the oncoming tirade.  “Looking at the same data the same way and hoping to get different answers out of it is insane.  We all need rest and a chance to think about it from a different angle.”
John slammed the taxi door behind him and followed Sherlock up the steps of another Victorian-style apartment building.  Melanie Holloway’s apartment was situated at the top of a flight of stairs, much like 221B.  The living room buzzed with activity already as Lestrade, Donovan, and the forensics team set up an investigation.  John watched Sherlock duck under the police tape and step confidently into the room.
He would regret it if he slept in that position all night.  Perhaps Sherlock should wake him up.  The clock read two in the morning.  Lestrade would hopefully call early tomorrow.  They should really both be in bed anyway.
“Bloody hell.  We’re going to need backup if we want to prevent a high profile kidnapping.”  Greg said.
“Helping.”  John placed the sugar on the countertop and smiled.
“Like this morning, Sherlock?  You always put the work first, and I always run after you like a shadow.”  John stood and moved to stand in front of the fireplace.
“Dinner sounds lovely.”
“What do you mean by the atmosphere is different?”  Sherlock asked, momentarily forgetting to maintain the normal act.  The receptionist shrank minutely under his intense gaze.
“I know exactly what you mean.  Troubles seldom confine themselves to a regular 40 hour work-week.”
Interesting.  Toby clearly knew both women.  He knew Jacquelyn Lowe well enough to refer to her by a nickname even, but he obviously didn’t know either of them on a personal basis.  He had no knowledge of the fact that the two women didn’t know one another, and he seemed oblivious to their disappearance.  They might be regulars at the gym, but Toby didn’t care for either one enough to notice them missing a day or two of exercise.  If he was not even aware of their abductions, it seemed unlikely that punishing him could be the motive for their kidnapper.
Mycroft barely uttered a “thank you” before hanging up.  His presence would be required with the ambassador, but his first priority needed to be the investigation.  He opened the door of his office into the small anteroom where Anthea’s desk sat.
Mycroft schooled his features as best he could before replying to John.  “I’m sure Sherlock understands my interest.  He is, after all, the one who suggested I become involved in this case in the first place.  I merely thought he might be… too distracted at the moment to remember.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What have you found?”  Sherlock asked Lestrade while turning in place to survey the room.
Sherlock’s mind was spinning with ideas.  The lack of evidence or leads made almost any theory conceivable.
“Walk me through it again.”  John said.
“Um, no.”
“Nothing yet,” was Lestrade’s only answer.
Mycroft reminded himself.  The thought never failed to dishearten him.  Ridiculous.  Why should he care what some silly gendarme thought of him?
would be like, and dismissed the idea.  Terrifying.  That was the only word for it.  Even just to live in the same flat as Sherlock much less date him.  John was a braver man than he.
Lestrade turned to John and Sherlock.  “Jesus.  You two can’t just go tearing off after criminals!”  He looked between the pair, spotting the bullet graze on John’s arm and the way Sherlock was tenderly holding his wrist.  The anger vanished from his face, replaced with sympathetic exasperation.  “You both need a hospital.  Your statements can wait till the morning.”
He headed back to his office where he pulled on his coat.  He dropped his phone into a pocket and took his coffee with him as he strode out to meet forensics in the hallway.  Sherlock already had the address.  He and John could meet the Yard there.
The doctor said, “I know.”
a date.  They were just going on a stakeout.  No big deal.  Nothing to be nervous about.  Greg was just having dinner with an acquaintance.
“Damn.  What time is it?”  He glanced at the clock.  “Six already?  I didn’t think I would actually fall asleep.  Now I’ve lost hours of thinking time.  This is your fault.  You just had to make me eat, and then you go and fall asleep on me.  How was I supposed to stay awake after that?”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
Thank you for reading!  I hope you all enjoyed reading as much as I have writing!  I welcome any feedback or criticism happily, and I look forward to writing more soon.  :)
Generally, he enjoyed the seclusion.  People were tedious, exhausting.  He had so little in common and with so few of them.  Who among them could truly comprehend the responsibility of his work, the reason he spent so many hours at the office?  A smattering, at most.  Of course, nearly everyone presumed their work to be so important, but truthfully, only a precious handful really held lives in their hands.
"It's called Mary Elizabeth Morstan and she's your wife."
"What are you talking about?"
21 December 2012
Sherlock snapped at me with strength, almost taking my breath off. He had gnashed his teeth. I had heard it distinctly. I hurt him, pointing out that we were not a couple. I did not want to hurt his feelings, but I was not sure what a couple was. I was not gay. I was never gay. Yet, I had sex with a man. Consensual. I would lie if I said I did not like it. This, however, was enough to make us a couple? I was back to the starting point. If we were not a couple, what were we? Friends with benefit was a stupid answer, conceived only to hide an uncomfortable truth. Love is a feeling no one of us can afford to confess. Our separation was unavoidable. Sherlock had to find another donor with whom to share everything he had built with me. I had to accept being set aside, considered old and useless. As far as the situation made me suffer, I had to suppress my emotions and facilitate this passage. For Sherlock. Because he had to continue to live. Only by smoothing our relationship would have been possible. Just denying my real feelings, Sherlock would let me go and carry on his life. This awareness, however, did not help me suffer less, to be forced to give up a man who had become so important to me.
Author’s corner
"Have a good day, Miss Watson," Sherlock greeted me and turned to leave.
I do not know how long Sherlock kept repeating these words, whispering them directly into my ear. Stroking my back, with slow and light movements. His touch was gentle and delicate, not intrusive or aggressive, enough to make me feel his reassuring presence.
Thanks to who is reading this story and this series.
The Consul has found his usual disposition, helpful and friendly.I look at him as he moves away from me. He smiles and talks, passing from one guest to the other.
"I've never had a fixed donor. You are my first ever. Usually, when consenting donors became old, vampires start looking for a substitute, someone who can meet their eating needs. It becomes very difficult if an intimate, sentimental relationship is established between the vampire and the donor. You've seen it happen in some of the cases we've been following together. Very often the human does not accept to be put aside and replaced. He becomes jealous and possessive. That is why it prefer to keep separate reports with the donor. Fall in love makes everything much more complicated."
And hell bursts.
"He hurts me," I sighed. It did not make sense to lie. Not to Sherlock. I was silent for a few minutes. Sherlock seemed intent on not addressing the subject, but his body was less tense, so I felt that he was a little quieter and that I could investigate: "Your brother was never interested in me, much less sexually. Why did he behave so unusual? "
Dad smiles at him, "I'm a doctor, do you remember?I know what my conditions are," his voice is a whisper.He's struggling to talk.
Corner’s author
The next chapter will be the last of this story and series. You already know what to expect. You can not say that I did not notice that the happy end was not foreseen.
Sherlock opened his eyes. The pupils were completely dilated due to excitement, and they covered the iris, hiding the light blue. I smiled at him, standing up on my knees and aligning with his erect cock. Sherlock, grabbed my hips and helped me penetrate myslf with his cock gently. I did not need preparation, thanks to Mycroft. When Sherlock was completely inside me, I stretched out to kiss him with sweetness. Sherlock rejoined with passion, embracing me as if he wanted to reaffirm his right to own my body and my soul. Slowly I moved, up and down. Sherlock took my cock with a hand, but I stopped him: "No!"
That was what I answered.Did I lie to myself? Were we just friends? Or lovers? Enemies?
Thanks to who he is reading, despite the story is all but cheerful.
"He has a strange way to ask for my cooperation," I mumbled, irritated.
I did not know what to say. I was not even sure to be able to talk without my voice trembling. Yet, I had to tell Sherlock what happened. I had to explain why my collapse. As he had not already deduced it. From the scream I could not suppress. From the horror that had to distorte the expression of my face.
Sherlock turned to Sarah, furiously, "BEGONE!"
The vampires.
Dark shadows emerge slowly from the fog, drawing more and more out of what they are.The first, to be recognizable, is a woman.Tall.Her long, black and slightly wavyhair fall on her shoulders.She wears a simple black dress that emphasizes her perfect body.She moves safely and sinuous.She looks like a panther, ready to jump on her prey.She stops in the open space, in front of us, without saying a word.Her black eyes look at us as if she is radiographing us.Her gaze passes on each one of us, inscrutable, and stops at Moran.Hersmile is mischievous: "I'm sure you have an intriguing flavor.It would be interesting to taste you," she whispered in a melodious and sensual voice.
It was useless to ask why. I did not want to know the answer. I did not want to admit how much Sherlock made me feel fine. In peace. How much he made me feel accepted, important, indispensable.
I became paler. I was definitely astonished and very confused. During the nine years I had spent at Baker Street, Mycroft had fed on me once, when I was just coming. He had come other times but he had never shown any interest in me. Of no kind. I looked for silent support in Sherlock, but he kept watching his brother straight in the eyes, furious.
"It just seems to me that you have to claim what is yours, do not you think?" I whispered, in a succinct tone.
"I'm sorry. I did not want you to worry about me," I whispered, shivering.
"Um ... okay," Dad replies, with a shy smile.
"No!You do not have to ... peace between ... our races is ... it's more important than one man's life.Promise ... promise ... that you will not do anything ... against that man.”
"It's the diaries that ... that ... your father ... wrote in these years.I'm sure he would be happy if he knew you had them.I hope you likes to read them.It's a way to know him and know what has happened to him in these years.I know you will make a bad opinion of me and I can’t give it a bad one.However, I would like you to understand how much he has become important to me.I would like to go back and delete certain things I did, but I can’t.I would also like to apologize, but it's too late ... too late ..."
The next appointment with all the courageous people who want to know what will happen (and perhaps come to tears) is always on Thursday.
Mycroft immediately penetrated me with a finger, making it quick, followed a second, a third, and a quarter, quickly, efficiently and effectively. He did not hurt me. It was odd to know that there was someone inside me who was not Sherlock, but Mycroft was paying attention to not hurting me and I should be grateful to him. Whatever the reason he was doing this, he was trying to make it quick and painless. When he took out his fingers, I knew what would happen. I heard the noise of a zipper that was lowered and Mycroft enter into me. My heart beat crazy. I confess I was not ready. No man ever took me, except for Sherlock. And in recent years, he had my consent. It seemed I was back in the early months of my captivity. I looked up at Sherlock, holding a hand to him, looking for help. It did not arrive. Sherlock's body was tense, as if he was ready to stand up and hit his brother. His jaw and fists were contracted and locked. His eyes dared furiously. I felt distinctly the threatening, bass and guttural growl, trying not to get out of his throat, with little success. However, he did not move. He stood motionless, staring at his brother. Mycroft began to move quickly, hitting my prostate, almost shooting a target, rather than having sexual intercourse. He took my penis with one hand and moved it up and down quickly, keeping the same pace as the pushes. My body reacted to the ministration, getting excited. I also made a groan of pleasure before I bit my tongue. I felt like I was betraying my lover. As far as I knew I had no choice, I could not escape what was happening to me, I could not avoid trying absurd remorse because my body was excited and wanted more. When I got near to the orgasm, Mycroft planted his fangs in my neck and he drunk my blood. I screamed. This time, he had hurt me and made it deliberately. It was years now that Sherlock was feeding on me. I knew that vampires could bite their donors without making them feel pain. If they wanted. Mycroft wanted me to cry. He wanted Sherlock to hear me scream. And I did not even know why.
Sherlock and I are doing it, despite the beginning being anything but positive. Especially for me. Following the vampire laws, Sherlock treated me as if I had been an animal that would satisfy his cravings and his hunger. Now, that's not the case anymore. We have sexual intercourse, because the ampless is an integral part of the meal, for the vampires, however, I'm agreeable. I accepted to make love with the man who feeds on me and I did not regret it. I have to say that Sherlock can be a very fanciful and fulfilling lover. Together we have fun, not just having sex. Sherlock helps Scotland Yard in the most strange and complicated investigations. In addition, he is assumed by private desperate citizens, for various reasons. I'm his assistant. When it comes to interrogating humans, I always do it because they have less fear and confidence in me than in Sherlock. Also, I help him with his research and experiments. In short, we are a couple which works in a close and respectful way. We live an intense, fun, exciting, and fulfilling life. Unfortunately, when we leave the 221B of Baker Street, I still have to wear collar and leashe because Vampires have not changed the laws on the symbols of human submission to them. They can’t do it, until they come to a non-aggression agreement with members of human resistance. Humans will not make a deal until our rights are restored. A dog who bites his tail. None of the two parties want to give up at the negotiating table for the first time, not to look weak.
Iturn around and I find him in front of me.He's paler and slimmer than I remember.Deep dark circles areunderhiseyesand cheeks are even more pronounced.It seems as if Dad's fire is still consuming him.I bend my head, "Mr. Holmes.Do you attend the meeting?They have just begun."
"I will not let anyone harm you. I will protect you from anyone. No one will hurt you. Breathe. You just have to breathe. I will think about all the rest. I promise you. It'll be all right," Sherlock was still whispering, in a comfortable and humble tone.
The change of narrator was an obligation. Only Rosie and Mary could tell, even if in large lines, what they did after separating from John.
Moran takes his hand to the gun, ready to pull it out.
"Really delicious. - the Knight of the Holmes said - Tonight I have an important dinner. I have invited some Knights who could stand on my side in the Council, and vote the reform of the treatment of Humanity, without waiting for the rebels to make the first move towards peace. If I offered them to feed on John, I'm sure I'll take them on my side without having to strain too much."
I turn to the door of the chapel. Robinson was talking. There are some soldiers with him. I look at Mom. She shakes my hand even harder. I smile. I do not know how I can do it. Mum sighs: "You're right, darling. It’s time."
I look the unbelieving package.My father's diaries.His thoughts.His feelings.I stretch out a shaking hand, "Thank you," I murmur.I pack the package to my chest.I do not know what to say.
And Rosie? My little Rosie. What would she think of a father who never  looked for her, deciding to live with a being who raped, beaten and humiliated him?
They look in the eyes.The pain of Sherlock.My father's agitation.
This morning, I did not stand up just woke up, because I wanted to sleep a little bit. Hunger, however, forced me to review my plans. I should eat or I would stay weak all day long. Against it, I stood up and put on the pajamas and the dressing gown. I left the bedroom, going to the living room. I was thinking of finding Sherlock immersed in his mind palace, in planning the activities of the next few days, but he was not alone.
Luck, however, decided not to intervene. My heart did not stop.
What had we become?
The vampire at his side emits a kind of grungy incomprehensible, as if he were reiterating an already-exposed concept, of which we know nothing.It is clear, though, that he disagrees with and disapproves of that meeting.This increases my hostility towards the monster, which has separated me from my father.How dare he oppose a family reunion that he has destroyed?What right does he think he have, to prevent my dad from talking to us?I clutched my fists to stop me from knocking him on, as he deserves.I do not want to give him an excuse to take Daddy away before Mom and I can explain him what we think we do to bring him back to us.Dad touches the fingers of the vampire.Sherlock Holmes, grabs his hand, twisting him tightly.Dad reverts the grip, reassuringly.They do not look in their faces.Their exchange is limited to the simple one grip.Yet, it is as if rivers of words have been exchanged.Their intimacy, their confidence, their complicity, come from that small and insignificant gesture.Mom and I have taken it for granted that Dad wants to be with us.Suddenly, I wonder if Daddy will accept to return to live with us or if he would prefer to stay with the vampire.
"You're not old. Sarah knows nothing about you. She does not know how strong you are."
I do not hear him coming.We have not seen him since the funeral.His voice is low and deep: "Miss Watson?"
I did not recognize my own voice.
"What?" I asked, really surprised.
The two brothers looked for a few minutes without adding anything else. Mycroft left. Without health.
"I will do it. Thank you."
My heart and my breath had regained the right pace. My mind emptied of every thought.
"I will be fine. It was nothing serious. I should have eaten something. I no longer have the age to ... "
"Do not tell me," Sherlock interrupted me, trying to contain anger.
Author’s corner
I hope it does not look boring, but it seemed right to deepen the impact of Mary and Rosie's return to poor John, as well as explaining Mycroft's strange behavior in the previous chapter.
I had canceled myself in the life of the vampire, who had captured me. I had allowed him to take full control of my body and soul.
As I write these pages, Sherlock is playing the violin. He is performing the "Capricci" by Niccolò Paganini, with a very firm touch. Maybe a little too. I am surprised that the arc does not break, under the pressure it is subjected to. Music has always been his vent and his way of collecting thoughts. I've always loved listening to him while he plays. I can almost follow the thread of his thoughts. What he does not tell me in words he tells me in the notes. I perceive his concern, his anger, his fear. Which are also mine. Only I can’t reveal what I feel, because I would make things even more complicated than they already are. I can only pray for tomorrow to be all right.
"No?" He stared at me surprised.
"Mycroft has discovered that you know one of the most important leaders of human rebels."
Behind him, two other figures appear.One is a tall, thin and dark hairedman, with an irritated expression on his face with beveled cheekbones, wrapped in a long black coat.Next to him, there is a lower, blond man, who clings to a beige jacket.He's nervous and he does not know who or what to look at.My heart accelerates the beats.I would like to meet him and throw my arms around his neck.I would feel his arms tighten to me, savoring his warmth and strength.Instead, I can’t move a single muscle.I remain starving at my father, as if he is a ghost, emerging from the mists of the past.
"He just wanted me to understand that I could not say no. That he would get what he wanted. Mycroft would prefer us to present ourselves as a couple and to demonstrate what a human's life might be, if someone voluntarily agreed to feed a vampire. If we were to refuse, he would take you out by Anthea and bring you to the meeting, threatening you with any kind of retaliation, if you do not do what he wants."
January 3, 2012
"What exactly does Mycroft want? Why is he threatening you? "
Sherlock took his hand off my cock. I resumed moving, finding the right angle to strike my prostate with Sherlock's cock every time he penetrated me. My cock began to react, hardening. Sherlock leaned his head to the edge of the tub, closing his eyes. My movements became quicker, as the orgasm grew and came close to its explosion. When we were both about to come, Sherlock opened his eyes, sat down, embraced me and sank his fangs in my neck. I stuck him to me, squeezing my fingers through the rebellious and wet curly of my dark vampire. We came together. As the spasm of the orgasm shook our bodies, my head began to turn. I felt the forces missing. Sherlock called me, worried and anxious, but his voice came from far. Far away. A dark abyss swallowed me.
Now, however, Mary and Rosie had come back to the equation, suddenly and unexpectedly. And I could not avoid seeing myself through their eyes. Asking me what they would think about my condition. About me. I could not think of anything that was positive. I could see their eyes staring at me with contempt. Disgust. Piety. Compassion. Only their eyes. I could not retrieve their face or smile from the coffer where I had locked the memory about them. It was as if the last time I had thought about them last time had compromised my ability to recover the pieces of my memory.
I blushed. I did not think I'd be in the house to hear moans and screams of pleasure, that they would no longer belong to me: "I could go out. Perhaps, in the room upstairs I will not hear much. I do not have all the answers, Sherlock, but we have to start thinking that I can not feed you for a long time. It's been months you know I'm getting harder to recover after you've been fed. It is not your fault or mine. It is the inevitable flow of time and life. I'm not saying that tomorrow I'll go, but we can not wait a long time, again" I shouted.
"I asked Mrs Hudson to prepare you for something to eat," Sherlock made a smile for me.
Dad has always been this way.He never needed a lot of words to explain what he was thinking or trying to do.His face has always been very expressive.Every emotion and every thought was painted on his face, obvious, visible and comprehensible to all.
My heart beat, crazy. It seemed to be trying to get out of my body, to escape as far as possible from me, to stop suffering. My lungs could not get oxygen, because the breath was so fast that the air stopped in the throat.
"Anthea, dear, it is not the time to joke. I apologize for my assistant. She has a sense of humor a bit special, but she will not hurt anyone ... without my order."
Seeing that I had calmed down, Sherlock was lying on the bed. I leaned to his side. Sherlock's arms wound me again, clutching me to him. I put my face on his chest, listening to the regular beat of his heart. It was a little quicker than usual. Did I frighten him so much?
"Really? Who is he?" I was incredulous and curious.
"And would not it bother you, feel like I'm having sex with the new donor? Would not you be jealous of being set apart and replaced with another one?" Sherlock asked irritably.
"Can we pick him up?"
Mary and Rosie return to this part. Thanks for reading.
There is a small chapel near the clearing where the meeting took place.We made up the dad's body inside.General Robinson and Mycroft Holmes reached an agreement for the first meeting between Humans and vampires.It's a great achievement.I just wish Dad was here to attend the meetings as a representative of donors.I've seen his relationship with Sherlock.He would have been the best to plead their cause, to explain the relationship between the vampire and the human being, who nourishes him.
This awareness struck me like a fist at my stomach, taking my breath away.
Sarah left. Sherlock did not greet her. He stroked me without moving his eyes from my face.
We're just out of London, yet we are in the middle of nowhere.It will be the fault of the fog, which makes everything unreal.It's dawn.It's cold, but it's not snowing.Nervousness is palpable.Colonel Moran looks in the direction that vampires should come, as ifhe is expecting an attack.He was stubbornly opposed to the meeting.Moran would like us to release the atomic bombs in London and everywhere controlled by vampires, by deleting them from our world.He does not matter to the Humans, who would be killed by the explosions.Hedoes not matter to the devastating damages that would be caused to Earth's ecosystem.Moran calls them the necessary side effects.I wish he was not here.I do not like him.I do not trust him.Moran, however, is the chief of security.It was not possible to leave him to the base, because General Robinson camewith us to establish with Mycroft Holmes place and date of the first meeting between vampires and Humans.Mom is right next to me and her hands clutter, nervous.The soldiers behind me are thirsty and stiffen at every unknown sound that breaks the silence.
"Mycroft managed to organize a meeting with some of the leaders of human resistance to discuss a non-aggression pact. It would be a first step to get to sit around a table and negotiate a peace agreement between our two races. To attend the meeting, Mary made the condition to talk to you before or she will  not come. From what my brother revealed to me, Mary Morstan's opinion is taken into consideration, within the resistance. If Mary agreed to sit at the negotiating table, the majority of human leaders would join her."
One might imagine that Sundays would be a day of respite, even for the highest level bureaucratic officials.  Unfortunately for Mycroft Holmes kings, terrorists, and wars did not stop for weekends.  It was barely noon, and he had already been forced to suffer through two conference calls and a meeting with the bloody prime minister.  Luckily, it appeared the rest of his work could be completed from home.  Perhaps he would just stop at that nice new French bistro down the street for lunch.
John really looked for the first time since entering the flat.  What was Sherlock hoping he would confirm?
Greg arrived at work before dawn the next day.  Sherlock’s text had claimed there would be a mutual acquaintance of the two victims, and the only way to find such a person was to manually sift through all the available information.  Unfortunately, after two hours of going over the case files and all the interviews that Donovan’s unit had conducted yesterday, the connection remained as elusive as ever.  Greg sighed and ran his hands over his face.  Sherlock rarely made mistakes.  If he said the link existed, then Greg just needed to find it.  He flipped the file back over to start at the beginning again and was interrupted by the shrill ring of his mobile.
Greg stood by John and watched Sherlock flutter about the apartment while Miss Harris made tea.  Sherlock glanced away from the flat every few seconds to look at John.  He was clearly looking for some piece of information in John’s face that had nothing to do with the case.  For his part, John waited quietly again.  Like yesterday, his attention seemed consumed with Sherlock.  Well, even more than usual.
John’s eyes popped open so quickly he could almost hear them, and he froze like a rabbit sighted by a hunting dog.
“It’s okay, Sherlock.  I figured it out this morning.  I suppose I really should have seen it coming.  I mean, everyone else did.”  He said.
John was sitting in his armchair staring up at Sherlock who loomed over him with a hand on each arm of the chair.  They might have been arguing, but neither of their expressions looked angry.  Greg saw their heatedly locked gaze for only an instant before the intensity was replaced with surprise as both heads turned to look at him.
Sherlock could not, however, bring himself to shake John awake or move away.  Just this once, this one time, he could give in and hold John, pretend that they were everything he wanted them to be.  He could commit it to memory and savor it when he was alone at night, and he would extricate himself before morning.  John never need know.
Appeased, Sherlock turned and started the kettle.  He was putting the teabags into cups when he felt a hand on his shoulder.  He turned his head to look at it, while John stretched over him with his other hand to pull the sugar out of the upper cabinet.
“I’ll need to see both flats and talk to the first victim if possible.  Did you do any tests on her blood after you found her?  She must have been drugged in order to either keep her unconscious or make her forget the experience.  You can tell me when we get there.  John and I will follow in a cab.”
Half an hour later, John once again climbed out of a cab in Sherlock’s wake, this time on the outskirts of South London.  He squinted up at a small, brick warehouse on the opposite side of the street.   As soon as the door was shut, the cab disappeared down the road, and John was immediately aware of the solitude around them and the imminently setting sun.
A sigh escaped Mycroft’s lips before he pressed the answer button.  “Inspector Lestrade.  How delightful to hear from you.”
After Greg’s explanation, Sherlock sat back into his own armchair and steepled his fingers under his chin, already lost in thought.  John interjected with a question instead.
Hope you are enjoying it so far!  Feedback is appreciated as always!
He reached out to her forehead to get a rough estimate of her temperature when a sharp crack resonated through his skull stunning him.  Adrenaline pulsed through him.  He reached for his gun, but a foot came down on his arm stopping him.  John’s attacker started to retreat at the sound of approaching footsteps, so John twisted and lunged.  He managed to snag the man around the ankle, and he fell forward.  John caught a brief glimpse of a ski mask before a foot kicked out and connected with his nose.  He recoiled instinctively bringing his hands up to his face.  Blood spilled through his fingers.
Sherlock’s head turned as he passed the doorway, and – to John’s utter surprise – he stopped.
John leaned forward in his chair.  “Sherlock, what do you think I’m expecting?  I know you.  You’re a complete dickhead pretty much all of the time.  I’m not expecting that to change.  In fact, as crazy as it makes me sound, I would be a bit disconcerted if it did change.”
I had a lot of fun with this one.  Johnlock snuggles make me quite happy, and there will be more where that came from soon. :)
For those of you who may have been wondering when Mycroft was going to appear, the answer is soon. :)
.  Our kidnapper has just been practicing for his real target.”
“John?  Oh, he’ll be fine too, just a couple stitches.”
Greg laughed.  “You’re not kidding.  Has he ever told you about the time he changed all the Yard’s ringtones to ‘Dumb All Over’ because I refused to ask him for help on a case?”
If the first victim could be believed, the abductor took both women from their own homes.  The first reappeared three days later unharmed in the same location.  Sherlock couldn’t be sure that pattern would repeat itself until the second victim was found or returned by the criminals.  Something about that nagged at him, though.
“I can solve that problem later.”
“It is odd.”  John said.  “It’s like they’re putting on a show, but there’s no audience.”
Was he just trying to be considerate of John by not waking him?  That wasn’t really how Sherlock operated.  Was it possible that Sherlock had really wanted to be close to John?  Maybe he just didn’t understand the intimacy that position implied, but John remembered the arm that Sherlock had wrapped around his shoulders.  There was only one logical conclusion.
Sherlock looked up from the file abruptly and scrutinized Greg’s face.  “You need rest, Lestrade, and I need time to think.  Come on, John.”
Greg sighed and leaned back in his seat.  He hadn’t been aware of how tense he had been.  Mycroft reached out and poured him a second glass of wine before pouring himself another as well.
“Oh… I was just, er, getting up.”  John scrambled off his flatmate with as much dignity as he could muster.  He tried for a casual air, but didn’t quite manage it.  “We must have… you know, fallen asleep on the sofa.”
“No problem.  I’m sorry I’m depriving you of your day off.”
“But, John, I can’t put anyone first.  The Work always comes first.”
“It’s a bloody useless threat if we can’t tell what they’re threatening.”  Greg looked between Sherlock and John, clearly hoping for answers.
“Detective Inspector?”  A nurse interrupted Greg’s thoughts.  “You’re waiting for Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, correct?  They’re getting patched up now.  They’ll be done momentarily.”
His collage finished, Sherlock sat back into his armchair to finish reading the available data.  A few pages later, he stood to add more tidbits to the wall and returned to a steaming cup of tea on the side table.  John’s doing.  No doubt a plate of food would appear momentarily.
“Okay, then.  I’ll text you later.”  Greg turned to leave, and Mycroft found himself alone again.  Alone and suddenly ludicrously nervous about the evening ahead.
“John’s been shot, Sherlock.”  Greg pointed out.
“Good afternoon.  Do please sit down, Gregory.”  Mycroft said closing the report folder.
“No.  Of course not!”
“Right.”  Greg stood, unsure what to do now.  He still hadn’t decided whether or not this was a date for certain.  If it was, it had been a damn good one.  Before he decided, Mycroft once again took control of the situation.  He held his hand out to Greg who shook it, and the pair left.
“That would be brilliant.  Do most couples come at the same time?  Only, I’m really more of a morning person, and this one,” John gestured at Sherlock, “prefers lunchtime or evening work outs.”
John clambered to reroute his thought processes onto the case and come up with an appropriate response to Sherlock.  “But there are cameras all over her apartment.  If the kidnapper brings her back, won’t he be caught?  I thought you said he was clever.”
Filled with the strange sort of courage that only comes with the very early morning darkness, Sherlock approached John’s chair and, unable to resist, reached out to run a hand gently through his hair, memorizing the coarse texture.  A soft and platonic shake of John’s shoulder actually roused him though.
It was John’s turn to say “what?”
John jogged across the street and turned to keep lookout while Sherlock picked the lock.  Sherlock shouldered his way inside the building and dashed inside without looking.  John bolted inside behind him, but halted when a deep voice ordered “Stop!”
“I can leave now.  I’ll get over there as soon as I can.”
“I’m really not that tired.”  John had said.
John allowed himself a moment to bask in the notion that Sherlock cared about him enough for all that to be true, but then he dismissed the thought.  Whatever Sherlock’s game was, it was certainly not caring for John’s comfort.
“Why do I have to do it?”  Lestrade asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he could answer that delicate question, the phone on his desk rang.  Mycroft jumped a bit and composed his thoughts before answering.
Sherlock started to point out that they were not, in fact, a couple to save John the trouble, but John’s voice carried over his.
Sherlock’s gaze broke from scanning the room and refocused suddenly on Anderson.  “What makes you so certain?”
Mycroft barely suppressed another sigh.  He wished Lestrade would stop calling him “Mr. Holmes.”  They’d known each other for years and worked together quite well.  There was no call for such formalities.  Why did the DI never call with good news?
He had fully expected to spend most of the evening working.  Most curiously, however, his job had not called upon him.  Mycroft could not remember the last time he spent an evening both out of the house and not working.  Running the United Kingdom was, after all, an oppressively busy job, even in the best of times.  Compound that with his kid brother’s uncanny ability to get himself into trouble, and Mycroft rarely saw peace.  The few stolen moments he did snatch were customarily enjoyed in solitude.
Despite the victim’s welfare, the case was beginning to look like a Yard failure.  Nothing the police had done had actually led to her recovery, and they had no leads on her abductor.  Even when they succeeded, they managed to fail somehow.  If the press found out, they were going to look like idiots.
“Our kidnapper is clever.  He hasn’t left any clues to his identity or whereabouts, but the case is unique.  The peculiar nature of the crimes tells us something about him.  We could surmise what it tells us if we could understand his motive.”  Sherlock took another bite of his dinner.
“I would have kept you up to date.”  John said.  “You clearly have an interest in this, the ambassador’s daughter and all.  Not all of us let brotherly grudges interfere in our work.”  John looked at Sherlock as he finished talking with that same warmly amused regard, and the realization hit Mycroft like a train.
It was an odd motive to be sure, but it also seemed to be the only answer that fit all the facts.  They needed to ascertain who exactly the two victims knew in common.  Sherlock fired off a text to Lestrade telling him to look for the connection.  Then he turned to his mind palace.  If anything in the case files indicated a common acquaintance, Sherlock would find it.
“Mr. Holmes, nice to see you again.”  Greg held out his hand as Mycroft stood to shake it.
John raised an eyebrow, a sign of annoyance, but the corner of his mouth quirked up in a smirk as well.  Happily annoyed?  That didn’t even make sense.  He sighed and looked down, pinching the bridge of his nose, but he was still smiling.  “Go on, then.”
A cab pulled up to the curb, and he clambered in with John at his heels.  Sherlock gave their address to the cabbie before looking across the seat.  John was looking out the window.  He had been quiet in the flat too, contemplative.  John was thinking about something obviously.  What, though?  John would be concerned for the kidnapping victims, but Sherlock doubted the case was occupying so much of John’s mind just yet.  The earlier incident at Baker Street, perhaps?  Likely.  What precisely John thought or felt about said incident was harder to deduce.  It would have to wait.  He could to return to that particular question when the case dead-ended – as he suspected it would – later that night.  At least he wouldn’t be bored.  For now, the Work called to him.  He opened the first file and began to read, sorting and compiling data where necessary.
“Jesus, what the hell happened here?”  Greg demanded.
“What are you doing?”  Sherlock asked.
“Well, since I am so easily distracted, I shall leave the detecting to the professionals.  I’ll be at the embassy, if you need to find me.”  Mycroft said.
Some time later, Sherlock was jolted out of his ruminations by the dull thump of John’s head on his shoulder.  He had drifted off to sleep and slowly slumped over onto Sherlock.
A middle-aged man stepped out of the shadowy corner pointing a gun directly at Sherlock, who was frozen one pace in front and to the left of John.  Muffled noises from the far side of the room drew John’s attention to a young woman bound and gagged.  Melanie Holloway.  She was sitting under a bright light and in front of a video camera.  This wasn’t just a hostage situation; this was a set-up for a ransom video.  Exactly what Sherlock had been expecting.
He blinked.
John fought hard to bring the memory of this day back.  He remembered his dad grasping the letter from the university. Roaring at Harry about how useless she was that she couldn’t even get a place at university. The man had sneered at her as he had told her she would never be good enough, never amount to anything.  John remembered Harry’s face. It had crumpled as her dad tore the letter into small pieces laughing as she burst into tears running from the room.  It was a few days after wards that Harry had sobered up. She sat talking to John about how their dad had told her she had to stay home and look after him, that there was no way she would get into university, or get a good job anyway. She sighed as she had told John that he must have been right, she was useless just like him.
He blinked then sat in a spare seat just behind young John. Soaking in the memories of those around him. Oh God, there was Mike, Tall and trim back then. He was so glad he had met Mike back then, he then sat back and enjoyed the lecture, amused by the simplicity of the basic information.  As the lecture ended, John stretched and watched younger John put away his note book. He had been meticulous at taking notes.  Always, always carried two pens. Something he still did now. John knew looking at the hunger in his eyes back then that he wanted to make a go of this. He had fought hard for it.
“No John, you can, you can go back. We can do that now” Mycroft sat so still, pensive,  waiting for a response. Silently imploring for John to except this challenge, a challenge he had still yet to learn of.
Chapter 8
“What does that even mean Mycroft”?  Of course, I can keep him happy or at least die trying, I don’t need you to tell me.”
Chapter 4.
The two bodies melted in to each other.   This was the start of the future. The past was gone.  The future promising.
John Looked up. “Ok, let me get this straight, I could go back to some point in the past. Change an action, do something different. Change my history, my present?”
***Current Day***
So far so good.
“Merci Mycroft” John smiled, not sure how Mycroft knew, he could ask later.
Chapter 7
“You have been out for breakfast John? “Sherlock looked sleepy but ever observant. “Bacon crumbs on your jumper.”
“Nous sommes ensemble des idiots. Nous nous aimons depuis trop longtemps. Alors, viens. Ne perdons plus de temps.”
He watched as Younger John reached for the phone and dialled the relevant number.
Sherlock’s lips turned up slightly at the edges, and this made John laugh even harder. He and Sherlock were in heaven. A job well done, and the following high was worth anything they thought they would experience from unnatural substances.
the voice of a small male uniformed man, sturdy and observant. Showed the younger John in and closed the door.  John smiled. He didn’t need to go into that room. He knew exactly what was happening. He recollected the pride he felt when he came out of that room years ago. He knew he had made the right decision. War had changed him, damaged him. But he was who he was.  He was the man who Sherlock had befriended regardless of his nightmares, regardless of his psychosomatic limp. He knew that as painful as those memories were, they had shaped him as a man. He could never truly regret those times.
“Doctor Watson. Welcome”
The change of time
“No John, you misunderstand, you see, but as Sherlock say’s you don’t observe.  You see the way Sherlock and I argue. You hear the words. But you don’t see anything beyond that. Maybe it will surprise you to know that not only would I do anything to protect my brother’s life, but I would also do anything to protect his emotional well-being. You see John, I love him too.  Don’t look so shocked! I have a job to do. This way of life, my life was mapped out for me when my genetics turned me into the genius that I am. There was never a normal family life for us, but that doesn’t mean that I don’t care. I have spent my life trying to be both a mother and a father to Sherlock. I made decisions for him that he hated, some that he will never forgive me for. I have messed up, I have let him down. But I have done my best.”
“Sherlock, I… I want to say something else. I wanted to say it last night, but I chickened out”
***JOHN GOES TO GET MAIL***
John watched as Sherlock sat at the bench the sound of the slamming door ringing through the lab.  Sherlock’s shoulders sagged. John ached to hold him. If at that moment, he could turn back time for Sherlock he would do it in an instant. And he knew why Mycroft and his associates had put in safe guards. Jesus, he was so mad right now, he would have probably started WW3.  Sherlock stood straight, shrugged and went back to the experiment.
“The thing is Sherlock. We have been through so much. I once thought that given the chance I would change everything. I would go back and do it all again. Stop all the pain, make things right between us. But, but you know. I don’t want that. I know I am damaged goods. I know I have hurt you terribly Sherlock. And yes, you have hurt me too.  But we are who we are.”
“Now, can I get on” Sherlock’s expression was like stone.  Sebastian just shrugged…. Of course, I’ll let you know when I need you again shall I?
***22nd APRIL 1995 ***
“Fuck….. Ok, well, I’ll be off now, it’s certainly something to think about. Shall I give you a ring Mycroft?”
“Ok, John you need to get home, Of course you will be debriefed fully in the next few days. But you are obviously exhausted.  Oh by the way You sister Harriet called, I hope you didn’t mind me taking the call.  She said that she will be finished in Milan Friday, will she be able to pop over to see you if that’s would be Ok? “
“ Yes - I can see your point, that colour of puce should never be seen on a mans face, I thought he might just have a cardiac arrest and save the team the trouble of the arrest.”
John moved to change the date on the console again then stopped. Where to now?  So many times, where he could change things. He could stop Sherlock Jumping. Stop that pain, Oh that pain, even now the memory of watching the fall made him feel sick. But it had already happened. Mary had happened. The baby had happened.  John knew with a certainty what to do next.
“John Watson. Come in please”
Mycroft studied John. Each micro emotion telling him the state of his psychological and physical welfare He felt that John was most assuredly the right candidate for the job.
John looked up and realised Sherlock had moved toward him, within reaching distance.  John put up his hand and Sherlock captured it in his.
Sherlock couldn’t speak, didn’t have the words for fear of spoiling the moment further with his crass sense of communication. He just nodded softly, turned away and reached for his violin.
John sat. mouth open, not sure what to say. He had never heard Mycroft bare his soul before. Not like this. “Mycroft, are you dying?”
“hum, vraiment ? Le français ? Tu as pratiqué beaucoup ? Eh bien, viens te coucher avec moi. Il n'y a aucune chose que j'aimerais plus.”
Chapter 3
John typed in the message knowing that when he got back to Mycroft there would be no going back.  He decided to go to the day before.  He had one message for John. Just one.
Chapter 5
“Yes John, is that unexpected? I’m sure I heard you saying her new collection was  showing in Milan this week? “
The assistant had john strip down to his briefs then placed electrodes over John’s body. Far more than any conventional hospital equipment. There must have been fifty or more, including EEG wires adhered to his scalp.  A cannula was inserted and IV had been primed red for connection. John made himself comfortable on the large comfortable sofa. He could hardly believe he was about to do this. The fluid started to drip and he immediately felt drowsy. He let the dark take him, knowing it was too late to change his mind and knowing that going into any sort of sedation fighting it, meant an uneasy recovery following wake up.
“Ok, so you are saying…..” John didn’t believe he was having this conversation. “So, I can train to be a doctor but not go to Afghanistan? Then I can rewrite my future from there? I can look for Sherlock, meet him and then let things take a new course? Erm, wont this affect you? How will you know what’s happened If I change everything?”
His heart thumped in his chest as he watched the events that had happened only yesterday. Yes! He knew now for certain that Sherlock did feel for him, Sherlock did feel those things. He could see that as fact as much evidence as the CCTV footage in front of them.  He didn’t want to see more. He just looked down at the console. John typed.
“The thing is Sherlock. All of this, He waved around the room, all of you he said grinning. I erm… I have fallen in love. Jesus. I love you Sherlock. All the crap, everything that has happened for us both. I really hope that somewhere deep inside you might feel something for me too”
*** 1st June 2004***
John’s nervousness didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock, who raised his eye brow in question.
“Hi John, You off to lunch now?” Mike had stopped by John and waited patiently for him to put his things away.
Mycroft looked at John carefully to make sure he was understanding, and continued as John Nodded.
John looked on. He drank in everything he could knowing that when this time travel was over, he would remember none of this. He would only remember his own private timeline, well the one he was eventually left with. He turned knowing that at this point the younger John could do nothing for Sherlock. They were worlds apart. He couldn’t risk them meeting right now. He might lose everything.
Chapter 1
John sighed heavily. If only things were different.  He was almost sure that Sherlock felt more than friendship for him too, but almost sure wasn’t enough to let him risk the friendship. He berated himself daily for the mess that had become his life over the years. If only he could go back and change those things, tell Sherlock he loved him before he jumped, eradicate all the pain those years had cost them both. Eliminated all trace of Mary from his life, the pain of losing a child he had never got to meet, a child he wasn’t sure had even been his, but one who he had loved and had been eager to welcome into the world.   As he fell into a deep sleep his mind wandered into the realms of what if’s, a life where he was brave and he and Sherlock didn’t have to pretend anymore.
John sat on a sofa in a room Mycroft had led him to. He had been furious as being drugged. “what is it about the Holmes’ drugging their friends and family?” But he also understood begrudgingly why Mycroft felt the need to protect him and the programme. Mycroft understood that he needed some time to think, some time to get his head straight. To plan or to come to peace with living as he had when he got up this morning. John’s head was reeling. “What a life.. how fucked up can my life get? What next talking frogs? Maybe Sherlock is actually a frog? Maybe Mycroft is an alien? Nothing, nothing would surprise me at the moment” John realised he was shouting the words out loud and shut his mouth with a snap.  “Could it be this easy?” God, the amount of times that John had wished that things could be different. Had wished he could undo and unsay things in his life. Now, he could go back to the beginning rewrite his history.  He thought about not going to Afghanistan. He thought about the friends he had made, those he would never meet. But to be free of the pain? The nightmares, that was an attractive proposition.  And Sherlock, of course If John had known him back then, maybe Sherlock wouldn’t have succumbed to that terrible addiction. The pain the horrors it brought for him, his family his friends. Sebastian Moran, he would have no chance to take Sherlock away. To take advantage of him. To abuse him, scare him.  And Mary? He would never know her. Never miss her she wouldn’t be a blip on his radar. If he passed her in the street she would just be some middle-aged housewife, easy on the eye, but he would have Sherlock so she would have no hold on him. And the baby? Well, no baby, the baby wouldn’t ever have existed. No pain for anyone. He was overwhelmed with the desire to change things. To turn back the clock.
John stepped out of the car outside 221 Baker Street. The sun shone, and he felt light and happy.  Stepping inside into the cool hallway John took a deep breath. As he stepped inside 221B, he stopped abruptly as Sherlock came out of his bedroom. “Morning Sherlock.”
She tore open the envelope and gasped, “Oh John, I’m in… I have a full grant, I can start in September”
Of course, Sherlock would be hungry for at least a day after abstaining from food for the past few days.
“John, first things first, this has been tested before. Not the ability to change time, that’s where this test comes in to play, but the movement through time. You are quite safe. You will in physicality, remain in this room. Your thoughts and brain function however will be divided between here and, well, wherever you go. You will not be interacting with anyone in the past. You will not be able to interact with those you have loved and lost. You will feel very real. Very solid. But it will be as though you are a ghost. You will feel, different. Those you ‘visit’ will have no perception of you at all."
“can I go home Mycroft?” John smiled.
Mycroft’s face remained unchanged, only his lips moved. “It’s not a vehicle John. I’m not H.G Wells. And it’s not in my closet!”
“Je t'aime, tu sais.”
The heat came off the two men in waves. Breath gasping, bodies shaking. Then the laughter.
Yes! Yes Sherlock, make me come. You know I like this." If John had been looking, he wold have seen the way Sebastian had Sherlock's curls fisted cruelly, tugging painfully, even though Sherlock remained silent.
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped. John noticed the defeat in his eyes. "What did this bloody man have over him?"
“So, Can I change Sherlock’s life? Stop him from taking drugs? Make him happy?”
“Really John, is that the best you can do?  Tell me then, which bit am I wrong about?”
Chapter 6
Mycroft looked at John, a look that would wither most people in seconds. “Sigh…. No, John. I just, just. Look this is hard for me. I never expected my brother to fall in love. I thought I would spend my days putting him in rehab, I thought I would be writing his eulogy by the time he was thirty. I never expected a Dr Watson to walk into his life and turn everything upside down. And now here you are. And… and what? Soldier… Brave as brave can be. Yet the one thing you needed to be brave about now, and you let the moment pass.  Is this what you want John? To spend the rest of your life chasing my brother wondering what if? Letting him lead you more and more into danger just to get the high from the thrill of being that close to you. And yet neither of you can summon the courage to just man up and bare your soul. Instead. You add even more baggage to your relationship. What next John?  Another wife? An affair? How long will Sherlock stay off drugs? He needs more, as do you."
John blinked then opened his eyes.  He could hardly believe it. His old bedroom. The scruffy walls, the torn posters. The corner of the porn magazine, just peeking out but visible under his chest of drawers. No wonder his dad had found it so easily. And there in the bed, John Watson. He smiled down at himself. He looked carefree sleeping in the early hours, 5am the clock said. He knew that he had only ever used sleep to escape from the mayhem at home. Since his mum had died when he was 12, his dad had become worse with alcohol, almost always drunk. Harry had come as a lesbian not long before his mum’s death. Mum had not been phased, but his homophobic dad had hated it. He couldn’t bear the thought of Harry with another woman. and had even tried to blame her mum’s death on this and not the advanced liver cancer that had taken her in months after diagnosis.
“Ok Mycroft. I’ll play the game. What the hell are you talking about? You have a time machine in your closet that you need testing? Want me to take it out for a test run?”
“Really? You make it sound like I ever have a choice, Mycroft. What is it now? You have a new office? You wanted to show me around?” John glanced around his arm sweeping over the vast whiteness, he didn’t try and hide his irritation.”
“Shit, dii.. did, did you see his face when you told him about the CCTV at the gym?” John could barely contain his mirth at the memory of the latest arrest.
Sherlock stepped in closer one arm snaking around John’s waist. “Oh John, John. I never believed that one of us would be brave enough to make the first move. Thank you” And with that Sherlock leaned in hesitantly brushing his lips over Johns. “
Sherlock was still fast asleep when John awoke. Not unusual he mused, Sherlock often slept for a day on the back of cases, where he had denied himself food and sleep.  He wouldn’t disturb him. Instead he showered, dressed and decided to stop off at Speedy’s for a bacon sandwich before going for a walk.  The summer months had been kind this year, this day looked like it would be kind too. 10am but the sun was already high and hot, traces of puffy white clouds scattered the otherwise blue expanse of sky.  A long gentle walk would certainly be a better start to his day than the dozen sore throats he would have seen in clinic had he been working that day.
When he opened his eyes, he saw Harry dashing along to the bathroom.  Saw the child john Just beaten to the door. “Sorry John postman will be here soon, I want to wait for him”. Harry had called as she snuck into the bathroom.
Chapter two
John wandered out of the hospital raking his memory for tit bits about Sherlock’s past. Where was he when he was 21. Still at university maybe. Sherlock had often Joked about being kicked out. But John realised shamefully that he didn’t know this side of Sherlock very much at all.    John set off for Cambridge and realised that travelling ‘light’ without need for tickets queues etc. was a very convenient way to travel.   “Where would Sherlock be," John knew a little about Cambridge, the different colleges, but still he knew he was in for a long search. He knew Sherlock didn’t like routine, but he knew he would have to do some academic work, John tried to work out the best place to start Sherlock hunting, and set off in search of the labs. hours must have passed by, but there was no conscious passage of time. John didn’t feel weary or even hungry. He just trudged from place to place, everyone he saw oblivious to his presence.  The alumni gossiping in the corridor about a pregnant student.  Plenty of students sitting in little corners, heads in books. The occasional couples sitting arm in arm lamenting on the hardship of being a poor old student.
“Au revoir John” Mycroft smirked.
“We have a temporal shield. Yes, my life will change, there will be new memories. But I will also carry my old ones. The ones I have now. Luckily, because of the mind palace, this won’t be an issue for me. I can separate things out. Of course John, after ‘you get back’ and sleep, you will have no memory of this life as it is.   All your memories will be changed.”
The pair strode off and John stood and grinned.
Mycroft came back in the room almost immediately. He was accompanied by an older man. Slight, grey and bespectacled. The man had a clip board. Mycroft was towing a trolley. John took in the equipment. Heart monitor, pulse oximeter, IV Stand. Dextrose saline. John looked at the solution. It had a sticker on the reverse. Standard practice for any IV that contained a drug. John Looked carefully. Today’s date. Two signatures. The drug name. EX0621b. Hmm… He looked up.  At Mycroft’s blank face, knowing there was no way he would be allowed to know anything about this drug even if he begged for information.
The young man looked obnoxious John thought, superior and condescending.
“Indeed John” Mycroft murmured nodding. “In fact, you can go back to any point, multiple points. And yes, whatever you do will of course change the course of your life. And those around you.
John sat, head in hands, “Mycroft, what the hell? Shit happens. I, I have fucked up. Yeah, of course in another life I would have gone to medical school, met Sherlock at Bart’s one day, fell head over heels, forgone the army, been undamaged. And we would have had the fairy-tale, the whole shebang. Sherlock would never have turned to drugs, who knows we would be celebrating our marriage etc etc etc. But Mycroft, that can’t happen. The thing is. We are what we are. We can’t turn back time”
“Sherlock, I thought I might find you here. You know I asked you to come to my room when you were free?”
***10 SEPTEMBER 1997 ***
Mycroft sat, bolt straight, “what if you could John? What if you could turn the clock back. Would you do it? Theoretically speaking of course.”
“Well, I am in a hurry, and horny as hell Sherlock. For god sake. Why do always have to put these blasted experiments first. You know what I need, and you have a debt to pay, at this rate you will still owe me when you are old and wrinkled, and I certainly won’t have use for you then.”
*** LET JOHN BE INTERESTED IN LEARNING FRENCH AS AN EXTRA CURRICULAR***
When John looked round he immediately recognised Bart’s. Not the modern refurbished Bart’s that hardly smelled of disinfectant, but the astringent smell of years of antiseptic that permeated throughout the hospital and lecture halls alike.  The wooden tables in the Morris lecture theatre appeared before him and he was instantly taken back to the moment when he had his first lecture.  John scanned the room, moving around easily. Unseen by the hundreds of eyes watching the front nervously waiting for the lecture to start.  John didn’t have to look far. He had always been a creature of habit. Ok, so changing Harry’s future that day hadn’t affected him going to Bart’s he thought with satisfaction.  He could see himself, sitting fifth row from the bottom, the aisle seat he had always snagged so he could get out quickly, but not right at the front so he had to crane his neck to look up at the screens.  The younger john sat, looking pensive. Hair longer then than it was now. Shaggy, a little unkempt. He moved closer. Ignoring everything and everybody else.  He noticed the younger man's clothes. Tired, probably charity shop finds, but he was there, he had done it.   He sighed with relief.    The one thing he had really wanted to do was be a doctor. Prove his father wrong. Prove everyone wrong who had ever doubted him.  He was happy with this, he didn’t need to mess. He had confidence that if he had made it this far, that he would go all the way.  He began to turn away when a thought flew through his mind.  Hmmm, one thing he had wished he had done when he met Sherlock. One area he was always awed by. Language.  He had done rudimentary French at school. Had done well, but had taken it no further. Maybe he could learn French, now that would be a turn up for the books.
“Dr Watson, how are things 'with' my brother?”
The breaths and gasps of Sebastian got louder in John’s head careening off the walls of his skull but he sat frozen.  Then it was over.  John risked a glance up, saw Sebastian wiping his cock with paper towel, the smirk on his self-satisfied face almost unbearable.  Sherlock rose from the floor having not spoken or made a sound throughout the encounter. He went over to the sink and spat out. Before turning his mouth to the tap, swilling his mouth rigorously with water his gaze, that cold gaze never breaking from Sebastian.
Noooo nooo no no, he couldn’t, wouldn’t see this. Before he could turn to walk out he could hear the moans of Sebastian. "
John happened on some labs. Went in looked around, no Sherlock. Some contained irate students obviously dealing with difficult chemical combinations, others filled with laughter as smaller groups laughed at the possibilities of the weird and wonderful concoctions they had tried to muster. But no Sherlock.  John must have tried 10, 15 even 20 rooms.  Then he stopped outside a room marked simply. Lab 180.  He looked through the glass and it appeared empty, but as he had with the others, he went in and looked around.  He saw some equipment that he was used to seeing since his days in Baker street, but this place? My goodness it was also high tech. He heard a growl, a noise of contempt. And he knew he had found his quarry. There standing by a fume cupboard stood Sherlock, a most definitely younger Sherlock, lean but not skinny, and, well sort of  unworn.  He took John’s breath away.  He was holding a tumbler filled with a viscous looking liquid inside the fume cupboard muttering loudly about incompetent lecturers, inferior chemicals and below par equipment. Ahh yes, that was his Sherlock. John chuckled. He stood mesmerized by the younger man in front of him.  Had he started using drugs yet? His face certainly didn’t show the ravages of a drug user.  He was thin. But then he always seemed to have been.
John found himself in a small room. He recognised the rotation room he had spent many a night in. Used as an on-call bed room for those who managed to get a few hours’ sleep. The room was well worn and tatty.  He glanced over to the bed and was amused to find his younger self wrapped in the arms and legs of a woman he didn’t recognise.   He glanced at the clock. 2:30am, He was fast asleep. His clothes, his white coat strewn over the floor. Then he noticed the nurses uniform. Rachel? Rebecca? God, he couldn’t remember. He blushed as grimaced. There had been a few.  He enjoyed sex. The moment, when you give yourself to orgasm, forgetting the world. That moment of just being.   He knew that whoever this woman was that she hadn’t stayed around, he probably would have remembered her if they had had some sort of relationship.  He was startled at the ‘beep beep beep’ of younger John’s Pager.  John groaned as he wriggled out from under the nurse.   He looked knackered. Haggard and old. John smiled to himself. Funny, back then he thought himself invincible, never felt the long hours. Just trudged on through, he knew now there was no way on earth he could put his body through that ordeal again. The lack of sleep, constant adrenalin highs and lows. It was a wonder more medics didn’t keel over from exhaustion.
John raised his eyes in a knowing look at Mycroft. So Mycroft needed a favour it seemed and he was trying to bribe John with cake? When would the man learn that, he wasn’t as stupid or superficial as Mycroft seemed to think. John sat, drank tea, ate cake and stayed silent. He knew that Mycroft loved drama (maybe even more than Sherlock) No point in hurrying him, he would get round to his demands in his own good time.
