I can practically feel the guilt radiating from him, and he mutters, “Comes with the job.”
“It was fine,” she said. “When we were still looking for him, I found out he had started a line of credit with a jewelry store. I think he was going to propose to me. It’s one of the reasons I didn’t think he had run away. The cops thought maybe he’d just left me, you know? But that didn’t seem right. I knew he was going to be on that trip.”
Dean shrugged. “Nowhere, I’m just driving.”
Both Charlie and Sam’s guilty expressions changed to relief. Sam cleared his throat and said, “How was the hunt?”
“Or we could stay here for a while and make out.”
Cas narrows his eyes, trying his best to look displeased. Dean finally leans in and catches Cas’ lips with his own. But the kiss doesn’t last long, as both of them keep laughing. It’s from both the ridiculousness of the situation and the kind of pure elation that bubbles to the surface in the form of uncontrollable laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
She frowned. “What do you mean?”
“I thought it would be wise to give you space.”
“Ready?” Dean said.
“I don’t know,” he replied honestly. “I’m sure he’ll try to find another vessel, now that he knows Dean is capable of forcing him out. Until we know his next move, I suppose we should just wait. Allow Dean to recover.”
Sam laughed. “Good. Cas needs to watch some movies. He doesn’t get half of Dean’s references.”
“You know what else I bet she’d like?” Dean says.
“I still shouldn’t have yelled at you. This is all… really nice,” Dean said, gesturing at the table. His mouth was dry, which made him stumble over his words even more than usual, and he looked down again.
When she saw them approaching, she seemed to panic a little. First she froze, as if unsure if Dean and Cas were really walking towards her. As they got closer, she tossed her phone into the passenger seat and fumbled with the keys, trying to jam them into the ignition. But at some point, she seemed to change her mind. She pulled her sunglasses off in resignation. Dean tapped on the window, and she rolled it down.
“I'm still somewhat confused by human emotions. They're erratic. Your reaction to my…” He paused, searching for the right phrase. “…error in judgment… has been very different from Dean’s.”
One of the earlier times, Cas was so tender with him that Dean actually cried. It was the cascade of praise whispered directly into his ear —
It was striking how far Castiel had come from being just a stoic warrior to the way he was now. He could still be terrifying, ruthless, and stubborn when he wanted to be, but he could just as easily turn into this, a gentle protector, instinctively caring (not to mention a total sap, Dean thought to himself). It was this duality, this seemingly impossible contradiction that had caught Dean’s attention so long ago, longer than he’d ever admit, and now it was what had him convinced that he was hopelessly in love.
“How long have you been experiencing this?” Cas asked.
“The information we have says that Nick was cremated. Is that correct?” Dean asked.
Cas scoffed. “You’re clearly white, Dean.”
“That sounds pleasant,” Cas remarked, earning a slight smirk from Sam. He sat down as instructed, and closed his eyes.
After a moment, water began to leak out from underneath the door closest to them. And at first, Cas felt relieved that something, anything, had happened. But then he remembered something Dean had said.
“Sure. Give me just one sec.” She slid a beer to an older guy who was sitting at the end of the bar and took his empty shot glasses. After depositing them in the sink, she came back to where Dean and Cas were waiting and leaned on the counter. “What do you want to know?”
The table in the center of the bunker appeared to be completely covered in different varieties of pie, each with a handwritten label underneath. Sam scanned them, and his eyes widened. Key Lime from Chicago, IL. Lemon from Durham, NC. Caramel Apple from Portland, OR. Four Berry from Ann Arbor, MI.
“Good point,” Cas said. “We’ll return to the bar at nightfall and stand watch again?”
Sam thought about his brother, who had locked himself in his bedroom with a bottle of hard liquor after a heated– well, from his side, anyway– exchange with Cas over his betrayal. There had been a lot of finger pointing and shouting about the tablets, but Sam knew what this was really about. Cas had chosen heaven over Dean, and Dean was not just angry, he was wounded.
“Yes, he did.”
"Oh. That's true... Dean?"
There was an even more disturbing possibility, one that Castiel had kept locked away with his deepest fears. His decay might not stop at losing his grace, it might continue until he became truly insane again. He imagined his vessel wandering around the country on autopilot, containing only shreds of his own consciousness. He could harm people. His rebellious, reckless nature as an angel was only a glimpse of what he would become as an insane human, and what it would do to Dean to see him disappear again was unthinkable.
“Okay,” Sam said, pulling out the chair at the head of the table and throwing himself down into it. “Sit down.” He gestured to the chair closest to Dean.
Several other doors began to leak. Water rushed into the hall. There was a crackling sound overhead, and Dean’s own voice surrounded them, mingling with static as though coming from an intercom. “You’re too weak,” it said.
Sam, against his better judgment, stepped in. “They do. They do signify friendship.” His contribution was met with a dirty look from Dean.
“Let me,” Cas said, holding out his hand. Dean handed over the phone, giving Cas a questioning look. “It’s unsafe to make calls while driving,” Cas said, and Dean rolled his eyes. Cas was also tempted to comment on Dean’s current speed, which was 90 mph, but he thought it best to say nothing on this particular subject. All his past attempts at getting Dean to drive slower had been fruitless, and especially considering how worried he was about Sam, it was unlikely that Dean would change this habit now.
It was ironic, Castiel thought, that Dean had once criticized him for his black-and-white thinking, his reluctance to question anything. Now, thanks to Dean himself, Castiel found himself questioning nearly everything, particularly things that made the people he loved unhappy. Coming forward with his feelings for Dean only further proved what he had suspected from the moment he chose free will: the universe was filled with endless possibilities, and nothing was set in stone. His loved ones did not have to be unhappy. They were not doomed to remain trapped in their cycles of repression and displacement and guilt and loneliness.
He let out an exasperated sigh. “I thought you didn’t want to talk, Dean.”
he is for this ridiculous mostly-angel. He keeps half an eye on Cas, and continues making their hot chocolate.
Cas continued. “I have been confused by your behavior recently, and now you have just had another confusing reaction to my apology. I am trying to understand. Why are you ashamed to speak about your attraction to other males?”
“Don’t worry about that stuff. She said to get regular, so we’re gonna get one that says regular, but not the store brand.”
Waves of vertigo hit as soon as he understands what Cas is trying to say. “You – ” is all he can get out before he’s gripping the edge of the table.
“I’m sure she just forgot to charge her phone, Dean,” he said.
“I know I’m not the expert on humans, Dean, but I don’t think people stop needing family when they turn eighteen. And the way you are with her… ” He pauses and sighs. “I think you’d make a good father, Dean. I think you could give her back a part of something that I took away from her.”
"I doubt it, Dean."
“No,” Cas says. “You’re going to kiss me now.”
The look in Cas’ eyes is one of hurt and disappointment, and Dean quickly realizes just how much he wants to punch himself in the face for putting it there. But when he moves beyond that knee-jerk reaction, he also comes to recognize the implications of that hurt and disappointment. That would mean…
“What?” he said into the phone. Cas looked at him pointedly, as if asking him to be friendlier.
Dean nods and does his best to hide the fact that he’s hurt by Cas’ words. Aren’t
“Dean, you know I was not under my own control at the time. I was brainwashed. And I apologized on several occasions.”
Castiel’s body language shifted towards something that Dean couldn’t quite name, but it put knots in Dean’s stomach, and his heart rate climbed instantly. Cas seemed to sense Dean’s panic, and softened his expression, but continued to move forward as he licked his lips and leaned in to press a kiss against the veins in Dean’s neck. Dean would never admit to the gasp that left his mouth, or the way he could feel his heart hammering in his chest, or the rush of adrenaline that flooded his system just from the angel’s touch.
“It’s okay. I’ve had a lot of Christmases. This is kinda your first one. Or the first one you’re actually experiencing.”
Dean gaped at the angel and let out a nervous laugh. “Well you certainly know how to con me.”
Although it wasn’t at all Castiel’s style to purposefully make him feel insecure, to Dean it felt somewhat like a dare to stay in the room. It wasn’t as if he was ashamed of his body – he knew he had plenty of reasons to show it off – but with all the tension between them the prospect of revealing more skin than necessary was admittedly causing him some anxiety.
Dean hadn’t noticed either of their voices getting progressively lower in both volume and tone over the course of the conversation. Nor did he notice that Cas had been moving closer to him. Was Cas trying to
“It’s nothing.”
“I don’t think I fit in down here, either. I don’t even know how to buy tampons.”
“What would we tell Sam?” There’s that reflex again. Going away for the weekend is such a
Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had been so open with someone, and part of him wanted to run screaming from the room, but part of him felt okay. He figured that it might be because Cas was a little clueless when it came to human customs sometimes: he didn’t know what would be considered awkward, so he wouldn’t know to judge Dean for it. And he hadn’t been dragged through the kind of macho bullshit that was practically beaten into Dean as a kid, so he wouldn’t accuse him of being unmanly or anything. Even if it was just due to Cas’ innocence, Dean knew he wouldn’t be criticized. And that felt good, even if all this emotional availability crap scared him half to death.
“I can watch the area. You should go back to the motel and sleep.”
“I am tired, Dean. I’m tired of being treated like some tool for you to use when you can’t do something yourself. I’m tired of waiting for you to take some responsibility for your actions. I’m tired of feeling like I left my home and gave up everything for someone who sees me as a machine that’s supposed to produce solutions for him.”
. “We’re almost at the series finale, so we can’t just
“Perhaps you should have settled for ‘beautiful.’”
Cas looked unconvinced, but nodded and started walking with Dean towards Tammy’s car.
“I’ve been avoiding the topic for your sake, but I value our relationship and I want to maintain honesty with you… ” He trailed off, looking down at his lap again. When he looked up, Dean was shocked to see tears in his eyes. “And if I’m being honest, I’m scared.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Dean nodded. “We’ll figure it out,” he said simply. “We’ll find a way to break the deal. And not just because I wanna do more of… that,” he added awkwardly, and gestured vaguely to Cas’ face. “I need you around, Cas. We all do.”
Castiel lowered his voice. “Maybe that’s because your credit card is obviously stolen, Mr. Fredrico Suarez.”
Dean turns around, setting down his wrench and wiping his hands on the rag that’s draped over his shoulder (not that it does much good, as it’s covered in grease as well). “Heya, Cas,” he says.
“Well, call it a dying wish, but I need you to talk about it.” Sam turned his shoulders to face his brother properly. He was surprised to see that Dean was looking down, elbows on his knees, fingers interlaced and supporting the bridge of his nose. This posture was a rare sight and told Sam that Dean was actually considering his request. He thought about saying more, but decided to wait for Dean to process whatever was going on in his head.
“That kid Kevin that was staying here? Dean told me he’s back with his mom. Because even though you could use his help right now, you didn’t want to drag him into this any more than you already did. You wanted him and his mom to stay safe. That doesn’t sound like you’re a bad person to me.”
“Yeah, Cas, why would you think I’d say no?”
“Every time I walk by, it’s sitting there, staring at me.”
Jack and Cas each stayed where they were. Perhaps Jack did so out of shock, but Cas was all too cognizant of how exhausted Dean must be, and how little he enjoyed being fussed over. As much as he wanted to go to Dean, embrace him, tell him how proud he was, he knew that Dean would need space. As a way to release some of his overwhelming relief, he pulled Jack into a hug. Jack leaned into the embrace and ducked his head against Cas’ chest. “He did it,” he said in disbelief.
“Yeah, it has peppermint candy crushed up on top. You like peppermint candy?”
“Is everything okay?” he asks.
I sigh and pretend to be absorbed in my sandwich. It’s hard for me to discuss my insecurities with Dean, because he refuses to do so with me. In fact, he pretends to have no insecurities at all, and seems to have constructed his outward personality with that very pretense as the foundation. It is, however, a pretense, and his low self-esteem is visible to ‘anyone with eyes,’ as Sam once said when I confided in him about Dean’s emotional distance. He suggested couples counseling as a way to get Dean to open up, because ‘If there’s anyone who needs therapy, it’s Dean.’ I was tempted to make a snide comment about that coming from a recovering demon blood addict, but I realized that in a way, Sam seemed to be his own therapist. He was always much better at processing his feelings than Dean, and didn’t even attempt to hide his fears. I feel guilty for it, but as Dean leans back against the counter and crosses his arms, I find myself wishing that some of his brother’s candor had rubbed off on him.
have guns, and he doesn’t feel like getting into any shootouts tonight.
“Like shit,” he said, and weakly attempted a smile that did not reach his eyes. “Like I got hit by a truck.”
An alarm began to sound, and they were plunged back into darkness. Cas desperately reached out for Dean, blindy grasping his shirt, his shoes slushing through the rapidly rising water. “We have to go. Now.”
Cas frowned at him, clearly confused.
Past Dean shook his head. “I’m fine to keep going.”
“If you really think I could die tomorrow, then listen to me.” Sam spoke in an especially commanding tone to avoid sounding like he was begging.
“No. No no no. No,” Dean says a little too quickly.
“I know. I’m sorry, Dean. When I pulled you out of hell, I tried to remove those memories for you, but I had a feeling they would be too entwined with your consciousness to be fully erased.”
of it all, while my siblings seemed to have an intuitive grasp on things I couldn’t even begin to comprehend. Even then, before I had ever been confused by one of Dean’s unfamiliar pop culture references, I knew how it felt to be lost. Existence was an inside joke, and I seemed to be the only one on the outside.
“A doorway, Dean. I think it’s a doorway.”
Just as Sam began to insist that he was fine, Cas held out his hand. “Let me speak to him.”
Castiel didn’t answer. He felt he had said all he needed to say.
Cas thought bitterly,
“Well, Carver Edlund – or Chuck, or whoever – is a good writer. A good prophet? Let’s not get into that. My head always hurts when I think about that meta stuff.”
He was unsure whether he should call out for Dean or keep quiet. He walked for a while, weaving in between the trees, listening intently for movement and frequently looking over his shoulder. He wondered if Michael could conceal himself within the landscape of Dean’s mind. Would Michael already know that he was here?
They walk down the hall together, both of them grinning. Dean can’t keep his eyes off of the ring on his finger, and Cas can’t keep his eyes off of Dean.
“You, uh… have to open it. That’s part of the fun. See, I wrapped it in newspaper, because that’s what Sam and I usually do. But if we were normal, it would be all colorful, and have a bow on it.”
“Well, are your ghost senses tingling?”
He wraps me in his arms, and unlike previous times, I feel no embarrassment. There is something different in his embrace. He is not shielding me, hiding my weakness from the world as he used to. He is welcoming me home.
Jack scowls and takes a sip of his coffee, but doesn’t argue.
Cas has seemed pretty down lately, and as much as Dean likes to avoid conversations that could get too serious too quickly, he can’t stand that Cas is so droopy. So one morning in the bunker, while he’s drinking his coffee and Cas is sulking at the table, he just asks him.
Cas nods. “Yes, you’d better get ‘decent,’” he says with a sly smile, and leaves the room.
“That’s what I figured you’d say. What did you get yourself into?”
“No need to apologize.” Cas rolls onto his side and stretches out, unconcerned.
“Sam Winchester! You are going to be fine! And are you serious?”
“Okay. If you wanna try it, we’ll try it.”
“I get it, Sammy, you want me to be happy.” He turned around and leaned against the counter. “But my happy and your happy are two different things.”
“But you do realize,” Cas says, “that you’d have to get on airplanes.”
They walked to the car in silence, and Dean tried to make sense of Cas’ words. What did this have to do with the case?
Cas sighed. “I suppose we should get up. We have work to do. Would you like me to get you some coffee from the lobby?”
“Do you like Cas?” Sam said bluntly.
“Happy birthday, honey,” she says, and kisses him on the cheek.
, fired a shot into his target, then turned and gave a little jump when he saw Dean and Cas.
“I know. And you and Sam are great hunters. But that doesn’t stop me from being terrified of losing you. Or from feeling useless.”
Castiel frowned. “What is?”
Cas sighs. “I do not find the idea of raising a child with my closest friend to be unfavorable. If I were to share the required responsibilities with someone, I would choose you. So if I refer to both of us as Claire’s guardians, I don’t particularly care how others interpret that.” There’s something uncharacteristically apprehensive about Cas’ voice, and he continues to stare at his lap rather than make eye contact.
Cas gave Dean a look, but Dean wasn’t sure what it meant.
Sam raised his eyebrows. He could think of at least fifteen things that were currently going wrong.
“Dean, I want to talk to you.”
Sam tossed the bunker keys to Jack, who ran ahead of Cas to unlock and open the door. Jack’s eyes were wide as he looked back at Dean’s pale face. “He’s okay, Jack,” Cas said firmly.
“Let’s just go, Dean. Claire is in pain.”
“Hey, you’re a whole person, Cas,” Dean said, repeating the words Castiel had said to him just hours before. “Not just some bucket of angel mojo I carry around with me.” His tone was decisively casual, and his eyes downcast, as though that could possibly lessen the significance of what he said.
– ” Dean warned. He
“Yes, well, I understand that might seem obvious, given everything you’ve been through. But what I was trying to say is that you might have more specific trauma, directly linked to experiences with sexual overtones. And I understand that it’s important to be cautious if that is the case.”
It was Sam and Charlie’s turn to explain what the past couple of days had entailed for them. Dean’s raised his eyebrows when he learned what the magic cure had been. “That sounds… You don’t really think that worked, do you?”
“I don’t think this is something an aspirin can fix, Cas,” Sam replied, giving in and rubbing his temples. “But if you want to be helpful, you can go get Dean some pie.” He slid a hand into his pocket, pulled out a crinkled ten, and slid it across the table to where Cas was still standing.
It makes sense. Cas is an extremely powerful, intelligent being. He may
“Yeah, if you can call it an address. You guys are full-on Batcave status now. So do me a favor and take the sharks out of the moat before I get there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas slides the package towards him, tears away the newspaper, and looks down at the three-pound bag of peppermint candies. “Dean,” he says, and looks back and forth between him and the bag a few times. “There are so many,” he adds. “Thank you.”
“What stopped you?”
“Also, hi!” Charlie said, and stepped toward Cas with an awkward little wave. “I’m Charlie. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“I’m saying it might not be an actual rift. Maybe it’s standing in for something else. Think about what the rift was, what it did.”
was right. Tammy was watching them from her car, which was parked in the farthest corner spot on the far side of the lot. Although she was wearing a beanie and dark sunglasses, Dean could still tell it was her. A green Ford station wagon wasn’t exactly a common vehicle, and Dean remembered it from the police reports about Nick, pictured parked at the trailhead where Nick was last seen before he was found dead. Tammy was pretending to do something on her cell phone, but every few seconds, her eyes would flick up to Dean and Cas. She didn’t seem to know she had been spotted.
Her face lit up. “Are you kidding? It’s like an underground lair! It
But in a split second, before Dean can even process the movement, Cas flips them. Suddenly Dean is pinned on his back, Cas straddling his hips. Cas’ eyes flash with white-blue with grace, and Dean shudders. Cas has done the grace thing a few times before, and Dean can’t be sure if it’s some kind of involuntary sexual response, or if he does it specifically to turn him on — maybe one day he’ll get the nerve to ask. Either way, Dean lifts his hips, arches into him to show him just how well it’s working.
Dean nods and takes a sip of his coffee, which has gone cold. “Well, if you’re ever, you know, not alright, you know where to find me.”
“I’ll go with you,” Jack says, and they both head into the library. For months, they’ve all been looking through lore books to find something that can restore Jack’s grace. He doesn’t need to be at full power, but everyone would feel better if he could defend himself without siphoning off pieces of his soul to do so. It feels kind of hopeless to Dean at this point, but if it makes them happy to keep researching, he’s certainly not going to stop them.
Dean still can’t pinpoint exactly when everything shifted into place between them. There wasn’t really a specific moment. It had been happening for a long time.
“I know it sucks, but this is the only idea I have right now. If it doesn’t work, you’ll get some free amateur therapy out of it. Besides, you’re supposed to be the one who likes talking about feelings.”
dying in the middle) surprises him more than the last. But something about this day, if not the age itself, does feel different. Maybe it’s all the attention – most of his birthdays have been celebrated quietly, with a couple of beers between him and Sam, and maybe a pizza. Now he has this whole family, hugging him, encouraging him to sit down and pick out any donut he wants, like he’s a little kid. It feels a bit wrong, a bit unsettling. But maybe that’s just because he’s never had it before.
Cas frowns. “She was misguided at the time, as many of my siblings have been, myself included.”
“I dunno. Chess? You’d probably be scary good at chess. Or you could read more books. You love books.”
“Like what, Dean?”
“Cas, for the record, I want to have sex with you. I do.” Dean was surprised he was able to say it out loud. “But like you said, I probably have some trauma or whatever, so I might be a little weird about it at first.”
“The Empty said it would take me when I’m happy. That’s why I can’t…”
Cas unlocks the door and they both step inside, into a combined kitchen and living area. The interior is mostly wood, including the floors. It’s a small space, but with all the basics — a TV, refrigerator, oven, coffee maker (Dean’s especially glad to see that one), and ugly furniture that’s probably from the 70s. It’s the kind of place that looks like it would smell musty, but it mostly smells like cinnamon — Dean notices a plug-in air freshener in the kitchen that’s probably responsible for that.
“Yes,” he said. “I’ve had to use my grace to enter his mind in the past. To see his memories. I did try today, but I can’t get past this… fog.”
When Cas pulled his forehead away, Dean was jolted back into reality, and his face was streaked with tears that he didn’t realize he had been crying. Embarrassment washed over him, but he was still too stunned to move. Cas wiped his tears away gently and hushed him. “I’m sorry if that was overwhelming. I just wanted to answer your question as directly as possible.”
“It’s so much more complicated than that, Charlie. I’ve done things – ”
“Hey, if anyone can handle a midwest winter, it’s me. I just got spoiled with the heat in the bunker.” He drops his hands and steps away from the heater, mostly to show Cas that he’s not freezing or anything. “It’ll probably be plenty warm around midday tomorrow,” he adds. He wants to get in some fishing, preferably without turning into an icicle, but being stuck inside with Cas isn’t a bad prospect either.
“So you like it?”
“I wasn’t positive,” Dean said. “But I took a guess. Looks like I was right.” He sounded upset, disappointed, but not necessarily angry. “I would’ve done the same thing,” he added after a moment. “For Jack. He’s our kid.”
“Dean?” Cas said after a few seconds too long of silence. In a few strides he was standing next to a still frozen Dean. “I apologize, I didn’t mean – ”
“Yeah,” Dean said, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers. “I thought I was, too.”
When I was named as one of those whose mission it was to raise the Righteous Man from hell, I wondered why God would send a broken angel to rescue a broken man. I considered confessing my irreverent thoughts to my superiors, but I was too selfish to do so. I wanted to prove to myself that I could fulfill my cause, that I was worthy of serving heaven.
During the impossibly long, tense trip back to the bunker, Sam drove, with Jack in the passenger seat. Cas sat in the back seat with Dean’s head in his lap. He monitored Dean’s breathing for signs of distress, but it remained slow and even. No one spoke, except to ask how far they were from Lebanon.
“You’re gonna do fine,” Sam says.
“You are
Cas nods and sits down on the bed. He takes off his shoes, then lies down on his back, still in his clothes, trench coat and all. “Nuh uh,” Dean says, “We’re gonna take a
A green glow materialized ahead: an exit sign. Cas pulled at Dean’s shirt and started towards it. The water was now up to their ankles. “What if it’s a trap?” Dean said, shouting to be heard over the blaring alarm and rushing water.
“Yes. He’s probably sitting in the other room waiting to find out if you accepted.”
Cas squinted at him in confusion. “What do you mean?”
Dean, as usual, was the first to look away. “So you’re telling me you’re acting like this because I hurt your feelings?”
Cas pulls away after a moment, and presses their foreheads together. “I’m glad I’m here, too,” he says. “There is nowhere else I’d rather be.”
“I know. I’ve read the books. So I already have a few ideas for things we should start with. Do you wanna start small and work our way up to the blood stuff?”
At the checkout stand, the cashier lets out a soft laugh when she sees what they’re purchasing. “I’ve seen this combination many times,” she says. “One of you guys is a really great boyfriend.”
“What can I do to help you feel better?” Cas asked, tilting his head to the side. “I’m not too familiar with antidotes to human ailments.”
He just raises his eyebrows and waits for me to go on.
“He was misquoted. Besides, have I not made it clear where my loyalties lie? I have been rebelling against heaven for you for years. This is no different.”
When Castiel didn't look up – out of embarrassment or something else, he wasn't sure – Dean placed a hand on his face, cupping his cheek gently, and forced his gaze up. He wiped away tears with his thumb, and Castiel was released from his misery for just a moment to delight in the feeling of Dean's callouses rubbing against his skin.
“What?”
“Do you
“Mom,” he says. “It’s okay. Go.”
“I, uh…” Cas began. Dean had to admit, it was hugely satisfying to see an Angel of the Lord trip on his words like that. “You have given me mixed signals, yes.”
“No, I would never tell her something like that without your permission. Sam only mentioned to her that you and I were going fishing for a few days, and I saw no reason to refute that. But Dean, to be entirely honest, I think she knows. She didn’t question why Sam and Jack weren’t coming with us.”
“So, how’d it go with Cas?” Sam’s expression was a classic attempt at being casual. Dean shot him a look just so he would know he wasn’t buying it.
“But I realize that I may have put you in an awkward position with the way I chose to apologize, and you were very emotional at the time– ”
Castiel felt a flutter in his chest, a strange flip in his gut, as soon as Dean had placed his hand on his. It seemed to him that this wasn’t something Dean was likely to do so freely, at least not in the real world. For a moment Cas felt that this must be Michael after all, disguised as Dean, toying with him. But Dean just looked at Cas intently, green eyes wide with concern, his palm still cupped around Cas’ hand.
Cas frowned. “My research indicated that yellow roses signify friendship to humans. I was simply trying to express that sentiment.”
“I can regulate the temperature of my vessel, Dean. The cold won’t be a problem for me.” Cas says it with a bit of a smirk.
to say to me, at least.” Dean sets his coffee mug down on the table and sits down next to Cas. “Or to Sammy. You didn’t even geek out with him over the research he was doing last night. You’re all broody.”
Their motel room was nautical themed, despite the fact that Lincoln, Nebraska was probably just about as far from the ocean as you could get. Dean smirked at the corny lighthouse paintings while Cas put his bag down on one of the queen sized beds and shrugged out of his trench coat. “Are we FBI tonight?” he asked casually.
“If anyone’s gonna change their mind here, it’s gonna be you. Trust me, I’ve been told how much of a pain in the ass I am. And I’m stubborn as all hell. You know that. I see a lot of frustration in your future.”
Dean can feel himself blushing furiously, and gives a weak little nod of understanding. He then turns his attention to the Impala. “Sorry, Baby,” Dean says to her as he unlocks the driver’s side door, “We’re going out in the snow.”
Dean sighed. It was just occurring to him that if everything was really that badly decomposed, there still could be parts of Nick out in Pine Ridge that weren’t recovered. Hell, maybe a coyote dragged off an entire arm. But that didn’t seem like an appropriate question to ask the girlfriend, even a year later. He could just get a copy of the coroner’s report. “Do you have anything that belonged to Nick?” he asked. “Something that was really important to him, maybe?” At this point, Dean knew he didn’t sound like an FBI agent anymore, but he needed the info.
He looks back over his shoulder as he leaves the room, and Cas is still smiling.
“I’m confusing you even more, aren’t I?”
“I’m talking about the things you almost say but never do. The things you leave open to interpretation.” Cas leaned into Dean’s ‘personal space’ to emphasize his point.
It was oddly familiar to Dean, the way the angel looked at him in that moment. He soon realized that he had seen it in small doses many times, in glances cut short by impending mortal peril or perhaps by self-control on Cas’ part. Seeing it now was captivating and slightly unnerving. It was like hearing a different version of a favorite song.
Dean’s sobs faded, becoming erratic breaths punctuated by whimpers that would have mortified him had he been in his right mind. The angel said nothing for a long time. He just sat beside him and rubbed his arm soothingly. Finally, when Dean’s breathing returned to normal, Cas whispered, “Sleep. I’ll watch over you.” He wiped the remaining tears from Dean’s face with the back of his right hand.
The night air would have been refreshing if not for the dumpster in the parking lot behind the bar, but Dean just tried not to breathe through his nose as he pulled out an EMF meter. As soon as he turned it on, it lit up and started making noise. “Well I’ll be damned,” Dean muttered. “Cas, did you see any power lines around here?”
“Dean… You can tell me if y– ”
“I thought you knew.”
Cas, glad for the change of topic, held out his hand. Charlie shook it with a grin. “Yes,” he said, “I’ve heard a lot about you as well. Dean and Sam speak very highly of you.”
“Yeah, let’s roll. And Cas? Normal behavior, okay? No… weird stuff.”
His knee-jerk reaction is to be pissed at Cas for involving Sam, but he manages to push it down. He knows it’s irrational; Cas only wanted to do something nice for him, and it’s not like Sam didn’t already know. “You have a whole thing planned?”
“No, but there should be a space heater in the closet if I remember correctly. I’ll go get our bags.”
“No, thanks. I think we’re okay. Is it alright if we ask you a few questions about Nick?” Dean said.
Sorry it took me so long to update! I promise I have not abandoned this fic. This is a short chapter, with not much plot, but there is more to come soon.
“It’s fine, man. I didn’t want to make this weird, but something… Something’s just different, you know? I guess it’s just freaking me out a little.”
“Aw, that’s sweet. You’re great dads, then.” The cashier smiles and hands over their change.
“Oh. Sorry.”
“I assure you, it’s a legitimate rental. Sam taught me how to hustle pool.”
“Wasn’t that the point of the whole conversation?”
Sam put his fork down, and for a second Dean thought he had really pissed him off. But his expression was calm. “Can’t I just want to be happy for you? It would be great if you could have a real relationship.”
The downside to this plan was that Dean was also unconscious, probably buried in some dark corner of his own mind. Michael had dragged Dean down with him.
, didn’t you?”
Sam shakes his head. “You underestimate how into you he is. He thought he’d never get married because of the life. He never thought he’d have the opportunity to ask someone. But if you ask
“Purgatory?” Dean said.
“Oh,” Dean says. Now he really doesn’t have much of an argument.
“Oh, yeah. That. Sammy’s usually the one who schedules that kinda thing.”
Dean shrugged and handed the phone to him.
“Okay,” said Cas. “You have to find a way out. You want to go to the bunker, back to your body. Concentrate on going there.”
Sam shrugged. “I know it sounds crazy, but I think it worked."
“Did Nick know?”
Cas sighs. “We don’t have to go if you don’t want to.”
Dean could only shake his head indignantly.
Cas leaned back so he was lying next to Dean. “Is this the part when we have to get up and get back to work?” He sounded genuinely bummed.
“Dean Winchester,” I say, and it comes out even more stern than I intended. “Don’t you dare think that I could just move on like that. Like you’re nothing to me.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Do you need me to mail you an invitation?”
“What are you talking about? You just got your grace back!”
“You slept in today,” Sam said.
Dean stared at him with his lips slightly parted, and there was that look again, of composed reverence. Still, it surprised Cas when Dean reached across the space between them to carefully cup his hand around Cas’ neck. Dean’s thumb slipped below his ear, slid down to trace his jaw. Dean leaned forward just an inch, gauging Cas’ reaction, gaze shifting between his eyes and his mouth. When Cas started to lean in, too, Dean rushed forward and kissed him.
“Well, just between you and me, there’s a serial killer that likes to leave this really gross black stuff around his crime scenes. No clue why he’s doing it.”
“Why is that?” Dean asked.
Sam’s tucked himself into bed, even though they were supposed to go into town tonight for the stupid holiday street fair, because Cas wants to ‘experience things.’ Dean narrows his eyes. “I’ve seen you fight off vamps with a broken arm. You’re telling me you’re too sick to go out and take a stroll?”
By some miracle, the angel handcuffs worked. This was a temporary solution, one they had formulated just before they charged into that high rise in Kansas City. As soon as Michael snapped the spear, Dean broke through for just a moment, long enough to hold out his wrists for Sam to snap the cuffs on before Michael regained control. With Michael’s powers dampened, Castiel was able to put him to sleep inside his vessel – inside Dean. It had taken a dangerous amount of grace, but Dean was safe.
Sam looked to where Dean was pointing and nodded, just as speechless as his brother.
Now Sam was sure he was going to die.
On Christmas morning, Dean waits at the kitchen table for Cas to emerge from his room.
They carried him to the car. On the way out of the parking garage, Sam called Rowena on speaker phone. Her shrill, somewhat irritated voice on the other end of the phone seemed light years away to Cas, though he still caught most of what she said. “If only you could go a week without one of you being in mortal danger. You’re lucky I’ve grown fond of you, Samuel. I do have other business to attend to aside from catering to your every whim.”
, vengeful spirit or otherwise, showed up, and just in case Cas couldn’t handle it by himself, as unlikely as that was. Dean scrambled for an excuse. “Yeah, well, maybe I don’t trust you. Maybe you’re gonna fly off and ditch me again.”
“What else are we going to do?”
“I know,” said Cas.
Dean almost drops the cash he’s holding.
Dean’s phone vibrates on the nightstand, shaking him from sleep. He has no idea what time it is (it’s always dark in the bunker, what with the whole underground, no windows thing), but he has the vague sense that it’s morning. He turns over groggily and reaches for his phone, unlocks it. The screen nearly blinds him, and he turns the brightness down, groaning. It’s 7:51 am, and he has a new text from Cas:
“I need to do something kinda personal…” she starts.
Once in the car, Cas spoke again. “She’s human. But I’m guessing you gathered that from your search of the apartment.”
“So you like him,” Sam said, partially for clarification and partially to rub it in.
It was an accident. Honestly.
“I’m sure he’ll be fine, Dean. He’s endured worse.” Cas found he didn’t necessarily believe that, but he wanted to reassure both Dean and himself. “I’m just sorry I can’t help.”
“I – I think I’m with you now,” Dean said. “I remember. We went to Kansas City, and Michael destroyed the spear.”
Castiel figured it was just his luck that during the same time he was learning to cope with being human, he and Dean were also learning to cope with being… whatever they were. Well, to be fair, it was mostly Dean that needed to adjust to that particular change. Castiel had been aware of their connection for quite some time, and for him it felt perfectly natural to let their relationship progress. It felt right to him to sit right next to Dean on the couch even when there was plenty of room, to let his hand linger on Dean's shoulder after a hug, to touch him simply for the sake of touching him. He relished the moments when a stray eyelash or piece of lint would provide him the opportunity to touch Dean the way he deserved to be touched, gently and attentively. Dean did not overtly object to these touches, but he never really reacted to them, either. He received them passively (sometimes muttering a thank you, like when Castiel had brushed pollen out of his hair), and then went on with whatever he was doing, Sam watching with a half-amused expression on his face.
Dean showers quickly, brushes his teeth and throws on his predictable ensemble of a T-shirt, flannel, and jeans. When he steps out of the hall and into the war room, he’s shocked to see Mary sitting at the table, next to Cas, across from Sam and Jack. Everyone turns to look at him, and he gives Cas a questioning look –
He drifts off for a while. He’s not sure how long, but when he wakes up it’s completely dark outside. The bedroom lights are off, but a few lights in the living room and kitchen are on, spilling an orange glow into the room. He turns over to look at Cas, who rolled away from him at some point and is now sleeping on his side, facing the other way. Cas’ breathing is slow and even, and Dean considers letting him sleep. He savors these exceedingly rare moments, when he’s awake and Cas — the angel warrior, once so stoic and unyielding — is still out cold. It’s a testament to how far Cas has come, and how comfortable he is in Dean’s presence.
“By creation’s biggest douche,” Dean adds.
He attempts to smile. “I’ll try my damnedest not to die anytime soon.” He pauses, and looks like he wants to say something else.
Cas glanced at Dean, who was standing with his arms crossed, wearing a stoic expression. “Dean always forgives his family,” Cas assured her. “And I know he regards you as such.”
“You knew?”
“Thank god.”
Rowena snapped her fingers to extinguish the holy fire, which made a hissing sound as it dissipated. Sam went to Dean, removed the key to the angel cuffs from his pocket, and hesitantly unlocked them. Dean grimaced as they were removed; Cas could see the scorched ring of flesh around his wrists. Cas stepped forward and gave Dean a sympathetic touch on the shoulder before pulling out his angel blade to remove the cable ties. He started with Dean’s left wrist, and cut each tie carefully, the blade slicing through with no resistance. When Dean was completely free, Sam helped him stand up and walk to the door. One arm was slung over Sam’s shoulder to support his weight.
They went over the timeline together – Jack, Lucifer, all of it. It was difficult for Cas to watch Dean’s expressions as remembered Sam getting dragged away by vampires in Apocalypse World, the horrible things Michael did in his body, Jack sick and dying. Cas couldn’t imagine processing so much forgotten information in the span of a minute, especially as traumatic as it all was. He was impressed at how well Dean seemed to be handling it.
Dean sat up and put the bottle down on the nightstand. He appeared to have magically sobered up. Sam wondered briefly if he had been playing up his drunkenness before or if Dean was really ready to have this talk.
“He said to restrict your alcohol intake, because you tend to drink a lot when you’re throwing a temper tantrum. And that tequila makes you particularly belligerent.”
“Yes, of course. I just wanted to ask you something.”
“I want to, Dean, more than anything. But there’s something you have to know.”
“He hardly said anything, Dean.”
Dean feels a rush of disappointment at that. But at least they’re getting somewhere. “Well, even if I can’t help, maybe I can at least know what’s happening? I’m feeling kinda out of the loop.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stared blankly at his brother. “So, we close the gates and what? I get a job? Buy a house? You go back to school?”
And this time they burn slow.
Dean gave Sam a sideways glance that was probably supposed to be subtle, and Sam knew he was looking for direction. Sam met his brother’s eyes and then looked pointedly at the rose, hoping that Dean would take the hint and thank Cas for that as well.
He pulls away to look at me. “You’re not useless,” he says, starting off the speech he’s made a hundred times by now. “But y’know, there are some jobs where I just can’t take you with me. I can’t do it. If I died on the job, you could… I don’t know, take up beekeeping or something. If you died on my watch, I don’t think I could live with myself.”
Dean let his cell go to voicemail a few times before he agreed to answer it, at Cas’ request. He had to shift around in the seat of the Impala to fish his cell out of his pocket, and gave Cas an apologetic look as he untangled their arms. He glanced at the caller ID and rolled his eyes when he saw his brother’s name. He answered the call.
“Hey, I could be adopted. Or half… Mexican, or whatever.”
“Man, you’ve been hanging out with me too long, ’cause you really know how to dodge a question.”
“All the information we have at this point says that it was an accident,” said Cas. “We just have to cover all our bases.”
“Yeah, tell me about it. So we can only hope they’re in two separate beds for now.”
“ – and you’re still family, so. Yeah,” he finished awkwardly.
“I really appreciate you coming with me,” Cas says. “I could go on my own, but it wouldn’t be as fun.”
say no. I mean, this isn’t his kind of thing.”
“What? How?” Sam cringed at the pathetic croak of his own voice.
“Dean, that’s a matter of language. Our words for one another in Enochian have no English translation; sibling is the closest, but is still not quite accurate.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said quietly, looking down at his bare feet. After a short silence, he looked up at him again. “So you’re not… freaked out or anything?”
“Thank you for buying it for me,” Cas says with a small smile, but there’s something else underneath.
“No touching in public.”
“Alright, but I care about you more.”
Sam had a feeling he knew where this was going, but it had to be Dean’s decision. So he played dumb. “Yeah, so?”
In the bathroom he washed his face with cold water. He tried to avoid looking in the mirror, but inevitably he caught his reflection and was forced to meet his own gaze. For someone so ashamed of crying, he had done quite a bit of it in his lifetime, and the sight of his own reddened, puffy eyes was all too familiar. Sighing, he gripped the sides of the sink with both hands and moved his head in a slow circle as his neck let out a series of muffled cracks. He brushed his teeth facing away from the mirror, threw on some clean clothes, then made his way to the kitchen.
But being pleased at the thought of Cas’s autonomy being taken away like that makes Dean a monster. He knows that.
“Maybe this should have been a summer vacation,” Cas says when he comes back with their bags. He deposits them on the floor, and watches with a somewhat apologetic expression as Dean holds his hands up to the heater.
“As I said, the subject was… trivial. So please don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Were you sleeping?”
Dean can’t imagine where this is going. They’ve done stuff – gotten intimate? He’s never sure what to call it – plenty of times before, and Cas is normally anything but hesitant. But Dean knows Cas’ body language pretty well by now, and since he isn’t closing himself off or tensing up, the question can’t be
“No,” Cas said. “He won’t be dead. But he can’t return to Dean now, not without consent.”
“Maybe I’ll keep you, too, Castiel,” Michael said with Dean’s voice. “I bet Dean would like that. It wouldn’t get so lonely in here.”
Foolish and prideful, Cas thought, would be an apt description of himself. But he suspected he would be that way with or without his grace. “In many ways, I’m not.”
Dean looked at him in disbelief. “Dude. I’m
She sighed and scooted further onto the bed, lying down beside him and turning to face him, her hands tucked under her head. “Eat,” she nagged again, and Sam rolled his eyes. She kept her expression stern until he took a cautious bite. When he seemed to be okay, she continued. “So where did the lovebirds have to run off to, anyway?”
Sam’s train of thought was broken when Castiel suddenly rose from his chair, which made a horrible screeching sound against the floor. “Sorry,” Cas said. “I know that cannot have helped your headache.”
“You and Sam think this is the work of a vengeful spirit?”
, but when left to his own devices he has far mellower taste. For Christmas last year, Dean bought him a few cassette tapes of artists he seemed to like — Don McLean, John Denver, Simon and Garfunkel. It’s not stuff that Dean would listen to on his own, but he often lets Cas choose the music in the Impala, much to Sam’s indignation.
). It’s the easy confidence with which Cas takes his hand, even when Sam is watching (Dean’s working on getting used to that part). Or the way Cas recounts his dreams, no matter how mundane, over coffee in the morning, ever fascinated by the complexity of his now part-human subconscious. It’s the methodical press of Cas’ hands against Dean’s sore shoulders after a strenuous hunt, and the obvious fondness in the way Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s jokes.
“I’m sorry for staring. I was just… unprepared.”
“Inadvisable, dear,” Rowena said. “Any tampering with Michael’s grace could bring him back to the surface.”
Cas was about to answer when Dean’s eyes shot open, now filled with the white-blue glow of grace. Dean’s body seized up, and the shout that followed was somehow both Michael’s and his at once. The pure power emanating from Dean’s body was enough to make everyone in the room shrink back slightly. Even Rowena, arms extended in his direction and poised to strike with a spell, recoiled slightly as he thrashed against the restraints. She quickly recovered, however, and began to chant again, in the same strange mixture of Latin and Enochian.
Sometimes it’s like that — careful, sappy. Sometimes it’s rough, Cas riding Dean hard with a hand around his throat, just on the verge of too much pressure, an almost feral growl, white knuckles and the harsh scrape of teeth. Dean isn’t afraid, even when Cas pins his wrists above his head, even when the lamp on the nightstand flickers and pops from a surge of residual grace. Considering all the horrific violence in his daily life, and all the people he’s hurt, Dean never expected to enjoy this kind of sex. But with Cas it feels
Cas turned back to his notes. Dean stretched out across the bed on his back and stared at the ceiling.
“Would you like to get away for a few days? Just you and I?”
“Yeah, I mean it fits. The spirit’s probably tied to the bar. Maybe something happened there recently. A fight or something.”
They’re both silent on the walk back to the car. Once they’re inside, Dean puts the keys in the ignition, but doesn’t start the car. “W-why did you – ?”
“It was kind of you to offer to go to the store for her,” Cas says.
They set their bags down on the sofa. “Shall we look around?” Cas asks. Dean gestures for him to lead the way.
is safe, and by his side, and taking care of him, giving him things he didn’t even know he needed. Dean wants so badly to be able to tell Cas how happy he is, how much all of this means to him, how he’s never felt so loved as he feels today. But he’s not good with words, never has been. So he just thinks about it, turns it over and over in his mind, hoping that somehow, Cas will feel it.
meant. It was just an abstraction, a promise he always made and risked his life to keep.
“You feeling okay?”
“What is it?”
“Since he died. But it’s just been getting worse and worse.”
He continued without so much as a blink. “You feel that you failed your father, your brother, Ben and Lisa– ”
“Her consciousness was easy to read. And I don’t usually go around reading people’s minds, to answer your next question. But people are dying, and I could tell that Tammy was hiding something. The things that people have said and done to her… I am generally an admirer of humanity, but there are times when I feel that it is hopeless, if only for the ways you treat one another.”
“In ordinary cases, genetic mutations spread very slowly across populations. But the smaller gene pools paired with DNA that is already extraordinary… Theoretically, it makes sense.”
Sam was glad it hadn’t. He had plenty of reasons to believe that Cas, good intentions aside, would continue to disappoint Dean in ways that could never be repaired, in ways that echoed the disappointment they felt about their own father. Dean had been neglected and abandoned too many times already. Sam knew it must have torn him apart to be discarded once again, pushed aside for the constant war that was waging around him. But Dean would never let them see his pain, so he locked himself away to drink once again. Sam’s heart ached for his brother, who had followed their father’s demand for apathy so dutifully that he now had repression down to an art form. Dean was raised to approach emotion as an enemy, even if it meant destroying himself in the process.
Dean only stared.
Castiel continued. “And then I wonder if you only hesitate because you’re uncertain as to how I would react. Let me be clear. Yes, I was upset with you for how you treated me when you were under the influence of the Mark. But I was also upset because even after that, even after you pretended it never happened, and even after you asked me to help you clean up yet another mess, I still loved you. No matter what you do to me, I think, I’ll still love you. I’ve been reduced to this ridiculous human emotion, and you refuse to confirm or deny whether you feel the same, and it’s maddening, Dean.”
“How is he doing?”
Dean sat up, his eyes all defiance, all challenge. “Fuck, Cas, maybe I’m avoiding you because you’re acting like a bitch.”
“He’s stable, in one of the guest rooms. Sam and Rowena are working to find a reversal for what Michael did to him. In the meantime, we’ll have to keep him sedated.”
“You don’t have to answer tonight,” he says as he gets up. “You could think about it, if you need to.”
being around Dean, but of course it won’t be the same as talking to an equal. Dean feels something within him deflating, and tries to ignore it.
Although Castiel couldn't see Dean's face, he imagined he was rolling his eyes.
Cas sighs. “If my presence disturbs you, Dean, I will go elsewhere.” He starts to get up from his chair, but Dean places a hand on his shoulder and gently pushes him back down.
“Sure, Cas, if that would make you happy.” Dean smiled, though he inwardly flinched at the thought of walking into a liquor store or a diner holding hands with a dude.
Cas’ heart lurched at the grief in Dean’s voice. “I came back,” he said, then added, “Again.”
Sam was quiet for a moment. It was true, Dean had stopped him from completing the trials, and assured Sam that their bond had not been broken by their differences, but forgiveness? That never came easy with Dean. It was always ‘Let’s just forget about it,’ or ‘You’re my brother.’ It was always Dean accepting Sam’s mistakes out of obligation rather than understanding.
Dean walks in to grab a beer from the fridge and immediately looks at both of them with concern. “Is she trying to con you, Cas?”
“What, different species can’t be friends?” Dean said in mock-offense.
“So you’re not gonna die?”
Dean had been doing this long enough to understand – Tammy really did know something. And it was something supernatural, something she was too afraid to mention yesterday.
“Did you tell her that?” Charlie asked.
Castiel didn’t know how long he had been walking when a glint of metal in the distance caught his eye. He continued towards it, and the trees grew more and more sparse as he approached a clearing. Cautiously, he stepped to the edge of the treeline and peered around the mossy trunk of a cedar. In the center of the clearing, he saw the Impala. And there was Dean, tinkering with something under the hood.
people to think that?” he asks point-blank.
“I don’t either. But it’s what we’ve got right now. Even if it doesn’t, I still want you to do it.”
“You’re just gonna… go all by yourself?”
Sam could’ve sworn he heard Castiel’s voice quiver slightly.
Cas chuckles. “We can talk about it, I suppose.”
The mention of Sam did not go unnoticed. It was the first time in a while that Dean had acknowledged him in a way that did not involve either shouting or derisive comments. “I’m glad to hear that you still consider your brother to be so important to you, regardless of the way you’ve been interacting with him recently.”
He squints in that dorky way he does. “Why?”
“No,” he replied without turning around.
“This is nice,” Cas says, completely monotone, and Dean chuckles.
Castiel looked at the floor.
Sam walked slowly to the staircase, being careful that his limp would not be visible. He gripped the banister for support and began the painful journey to the second floor, looking back to see Cas still fixated on the floor and Dean holding his head in his hands.
“Bullshit,” Dean said, smirking. “You tried to boss me around as much as anyone else, in the beginning.” Cas thought he saw a hint of fondness along with the echoes of defiance in Dean’s eyes.
“I’m going to tell you something,” said Cas, “and it might not make sense, but you have to trust me.”
“C’mon, Cas. You’re a friggin celestial being. You’re the strongest guy I know.” Dean gave him a little punch on the arm. “Besides, you’re talking like I had some kind of heroic comeback.” He chuckled humorlessly. “What I couldn’t ignore, I drenched in whiskey, and I’m not sure if that qualifies as brave, you know?”
Against his will, Dean’s eyes fill with tears, which he quickly blinks away.
Mary gets up to take a call, and wanders off into the hallway. She comes back a few minutes later and says, “That was Bobby. There’s a possible vamp nest out in Cincinnati, two people dead. If I leave now I can meet him there.”
“Dean?” Cas said, and kept his hand on his angel blade, just in case. He stepped into the clearing.
“Yes?”
“Yes,” she said, and this time pulled a dark blue book from her bag, setting it on the table next to the jar. “I have a spell here that will allow you to enter Dean’s mind for a brief time. I don’t know where Michael has him locked away, but if you manage to find him, there’s a
“Excuse me?” Dean said, even as he and Cas both followed her inside.
“No. And it might go a bit faster if you stopped talking.”
“Bullshit. You were just pissed that I wasn’t going with the plan.”
P.S. There was a duplicate chapter before, for some reason (I guess the site decided to post one chapter twice), so thanks to everyone who pointed that out. It should be fixed now.
“Well, I remember. So great job with the whole making me forget plan.”
“This ain’t blind faith, man. I know you. I know you have it in you to do whatever you think is right. You’ve done it before.” He paused, debating whether or not he wanted to listen to his instincts. “C’mere,” he said, giving in.
The other was still splayed out over Dean’s heart.
“Sometimes I worry,” Dean says, “that I’m not as important to you as you are to me.” Even as he forces the words out, he realizes how ridiculous they sound. Cas has died for him. He’s been cast out of heaven for him. Hell, he and Sam are the whole reason Cas has to mourn. He and Sam are the whole reason he’s stuck in this stupid bunker, cut off from the garrison, trapped with humanity forever.
“Babe?” he says, and though I know it’s silly, my heart skips a beat. “What’re you doing up?”
“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in all my centuries,” Rowena said, “It’s that everyone underestimates witchcraft.” She paused to look at Castiel. “Especially angels. They cannot fathom that anything or anyone aside from their own species could possibly outwit them.”
Another gunshot boomed, the sound slightly muffled by the walls. It seemed to be coming from the firing range. Dean burst through the door with Cas at his side. They found Sam and Charlie with handguns drawn and pointed at targets. Both had ear protection on. Charlie fired a shot into her target’s head and punched the air in victory. Then she noticed Dean and Cas standing in the doorway.
“Did you and Sam have a fight?”
“Dean,” Cas started.
“Yeah, well, take it easy,” Dean said. “No heavy lifting.”
“It’s not you he’s running from. It’s himself. It’s the voice in the back of his head that tells him it’s wrong, or it’s weird, or it makes him less of a man.”
Besides, the pure energy that radiated between them was impossible to ignore. Sam used to think that was just a romanticized movie thing, but that was before he found himself in a room with it. After all he had seen in years of hunting, it was maddening that there was something he truly couldn’t explain. Sometimes when Dean and Cas spoke, Sam could see their bodies drifting towards each other until one of them broke eye contact. It was like a storm that could never quite get started.
Dean briefly imagined angelic grace going through a blender. Maybe with some dirt and blood and gravel mixed in. His stomach tightened.
“Maybe,” Dean muttered, and Sam let out an exasperated sigh.
When they arrive in downtown Lebanon (if it can even be called “downtown”), everything looks just as Dean pictured it would. There’s a block’s length of stands and booths set up, most with tarp canopies set up over them to keep out the lightly falling snow. People are strolling up and down the block, lining up in front of popular stands, and off to the side, a group of little kids are throwing snowballs at each other. The local businesses have strings of Christmas lights outlining their windows, and Bing Crosby’s recording of “Walking in a Winter Wonderland” is blasting from an actual
“I care about what other people think, but not as much as I care about you.” Dean takes a deep breath and tries again to say what he wanted to say earlier. “I care about you a lot. Maybe more than I should. And maybe what bothered me so damn much back there was that girl thinking I have something that I don’t have. Something that I figure I can’t have.”
“That’s
“Events of the future are constantly— ” Cas started to interrupt, but Sam held up a hand and, somewhat surprisingly, he fell silent.
Dean spins them around and crowds Cas toward the bed. Cas puts a hand on his chest, and at first, Dean assumes Cas is just trying to get him to take his shirt off. But Cas pulls back from their kiss again, without the teasing look this time, and Dean realizes that Cas is trying to stop him. Anxiety flashes through his body. His stomach drops. “What – ”
Cas rolled his eyes at her comment, but Jack pulled back from the hug to face her. “Thank you, Rowena,” he said. “You saved me, and now you saved Dean. You’re a very talented witch.”
“For someone who has been to hell, you are unnerved by strange things.”
He keeps his guard up. “Damn right I don’t.”
Castiel seemed to consider this. “Anxiety is a human response to impending dangerous circumstances,” he said flatly. “But nothing is currently going wrong.”
“I’m Julie,” she replied, blushing at Dean’s wink. Cas let out a huff, but the girl didn’t seem to hear it. “I’ve been here for about two months.”
Cas remained unconvinced. “I suppose that could work. But Dean, as much as I want to stay here, if we can’t find another way… I need you to let me go through with the deal. I don’t want anything to happen to Jack.”
"Yeah," Dean replied. "We can have waffles. Maybe Sammy will share his blueberries so we can put them in the batter. Have you had blueberry waffles yet?"
Humor? Castiel was just full of surprises today. And that crooked smile was killer, and he just wanted to –
Dean has never taken things even half this slow with anyone, so the idea that they could move too fast is almost laughable to him. But that’s just it, ten years and all the shit they’ve been through, and Dean still can’t say ‘I love you’ to the guy, so maybe Cas has his reasons for being apprehensive. “Where are we going?”
And now Cas was here again, lying by omission, hiding his deal with the Empty. Worse, Jack had been dragged into the lie.
“That’s not true,” Cas says. “As someone who has developed very paternalistic feelings towards Claire, trust me when I say that I would not ask you to watch over her if I didn’t think you were capable. At the very least, you and Sam would be the best people to keep her safe if something were to happen to me.”
Sam had to choose his words carefully in order to avoid a discussion he was not ready to have. “Dean is… very important to you. You’ve done something that upset him, and now you’re not sure if you’ll be able to regain his trust. You’re afraid…” Sam trailed off, not sure if he should finish the sentence.
"Can we have waffles for breakfast tomorrow?"
And he did.
thing.
“What do you mean?”
“What are you scared of?”
throwing a temper tantrum. And you’re not the boss of me. Now let’s go.” Dean started the car and put it in drive, refusing to look at Cas when he realized he was missing a vital piece of information. “Where exactly are we going?”
Dean scoffs. “I would be
“Of course it is. You’re already family, but let’s make it official. When are you gonna ask him?
It was not, as they say, love at first sight. Once Dean was successfully saved, I still had to convince him to follow the path that God had chosen for him, and I am ashamed to say that at the time he was simply a pawn, even for me. My honor was at stake, and he and his insolence stood in my way. He was stubborn, irrational, and cynical. I hated him.
He looks taken aback, his mouth hanging slightly open and his eyebrows knitted together.
“Wait… are you saying you guys are already a thing?”
Sure enough, Benny emerged from behind a tree, followed by Dean and Cas himself. It was strange, seeing another version of themselves, and Cas pondered the logistics. Was this another part of Dean, trapped in a separate part of his mind? Or just a fragmented memory?
Dean is looking down at the floor with the guilty expression of a scolded child. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he says. “I just thought, you know, you’ve been around for so long, my whole life has been like a millisecond for you, so I figured it didn’t really matter all that much."
, but he didn’t even know what
“Regular human stuff,” Dean offers.
Benny rolled his eyes and let out an exasperated sigh.
“Honestly, sometimes you just have to… do stuff. Go for a run, make something, stuff like that. For you, maybe it would help to go work some miracles. Small ones, though,” he added. “Don’t attract attention.”
“Find out who it is, salt and burn the bones. If that doesn’t work, we look for an object it could be attaching itself to and get rid of that.”
Did everything have to be about something else? Dean clenched his jaw. “Just let me sleep in the damn car, Cas.”
Dean glanced at the empty passenger seat. “Why aren’t you up here?”
“If you feel ready, go for it,” Sam says.
I cannot pinpoint the exact moment when I fell in love with Dean, and I’m not sure that such a moment exists on its own. I just know that over time — a particularly minuscule amount of it considering the span of my existence — my reality was rewritten, and Dean became the center of my universe.
“Yeah, so?”
Dean chuckled humorlessly. “I mean, if you thought I was damaged goods before – ”
Dean tried to disguise the motion of his head snapping up as a random twitch (although Sam caught it). “Is he okay?”
“Sorry, I had to. That guy was being a dick.”
Almost. But there’s something about Dean standing there in his beat-up jeans with dirt all over him and a smudge of grease on his cheek that makes Cas think that now is the right time. Because Dean’s never been one for things being clean or perfect, and their relationship certainly never has been either of those. This is the Dean that Cas loves, the Dean who sings when he thinks no one is listening, and gives forehead kisses after only hours apart, and wants to shower together, and pours his heart and soul into his car, and has that stupid look on his face, and manages to look beautiful while he’s covered in dirt and grime.
“What would be classified?” Dean asked.
If Cas was hurt, he hid it well. “Making jokes is a way that many people cope with things that make them uncomfortable. You’re uncomfortable with commitment, because you feel that you’ve failed the only people in your life who have ever mattered to you.”
Cas smiles, correctly reading Dean’s question as confirmation that it’s not too soon, that he wants to go. “A cabin, a few hours from here. It’s on a lake, I thought you might like to fish."
Sam’s entire being seemed to protest his presence in the room, and he felt a rush of adrenaline stronger than the ones he normally felt on hunts. He instinctively glanced at the staircase, planning his escape. This was a conversation that Dean and Cas needed to have alone. Just because Dean had the emotional maturity of a twelve-year-old didn’t mean that he had to pick up the slack. If Dean was in the middle of a vampire nest, Sam would sure as hell go in after him, but this was something entirely different. He knew he had to stay out of the line of fire, especially if he was going to stay strong enough to complete the trials. He imagined being ripped apart by hellhounds or having a heart attack from all the stress on his body while his brother and his friend argued about their feelings. No, he couldn’t ref this one. He had to sit it out. He would let Dean and Cas hash it out alone, and try to be there for each of them during the aftermath. This wasn’t going to go well, and although the best-case scenario might involve his brother being truly happy, the worst-case scenario involved pissing off an angel who already had some serious attitude problems.
“Dean. This doesn’t solve our current problem. Either this is a vengeful spirit that somehow has the ability to make rational decisions, or we were incorrect in our original prognosis.”
“We’ll be back as soon as we can,” Cas adds. “Call if you think of anything else you need.”
Dean snorts. Cas has always been a sarcastic bastard, but living among humans in the modern age has provided him with more material for his dry humor. “Fine,” Dean says, “if you’re awake in an hour, wake me up.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Fine. But next time Cas wants to do something stupid, you’re taking him.”
“Yes, I remember.” He turned towards Dean and gave him a look that seemed to say,
Dean turns back to Claire. “Seriously. Everything gets all weird.” He gestures to his stomach. “The store’s not too far, anyway. It shouldn’t be longer than a half hour.”
Cas puts his hand in his pocket, just to have his hand on the box before he starts talking. He clears his throat awkwardly. “You might think this is unnecessary, but I wanted to do it, because… well, I just wanted to. So even if you think it’s just a technicality, or too, um, traditional, I don’t want you to think that it’s too good for you. Because you seem to think a lot of things are too good for you, but they’re not. You’re too good for a lot of things, actually. And I might be one of the things. The things that you’re too good for.” He’s rambling. Dean’s frowning. This is not going the way he rehearsed it a million times in his head. “Anyway, I am a completely changed being because of you, and I never thought I would feel the things I feel now, and I, um…” he trails off as he pulls the box out of his pocket. His hands are shaking, and Dean’s mouth is hanging slightly open, but he keeps going, kneeling down, opening the box and holding it out to Dean. “Will you marry me, Dean Winchester?”
Cas returns the smile as he picks up their bags. “Thank you,” he says.
“We could do that…” Dean started.
Cas nodded. “Would you like me to go first?”
Cas smiles. “Sam said he doesn’t mind if we take the Impala. I can leave my car here in case he needs to go anywhere.”
She hesitates, and seems to consider it, but Dean and Cas say “No,” in unison. Jack’s been trying to worm his way into going on hunts lately, but as long as he’s in his weakened state, no one wants to risk his safety. He may be smart and brave, but he’s also young, inexperienced, and reckless.
Claire sighs. For an angelic warrior, he’s pretty slow on the uptake. “It’s not gonna happen again,” she says. “And yeah,” she adds, answering Dean’s question. “Regular’s fine.”
Cas stepped closer to him and threaded their fingers together lightly. Dean considered reminding him of their agreement about PDA, but Cas’ look of sincerity stopped him. Cas spoke quietly, low enough so only Dean would be able to hear, even though they were completely alone behind the bar. “Protection isn’t all you’re good for, Dean. You are a brave and dedicated protector, but there are other reasons for you to be needed, and loved.”
“Oh, please. I don’t have to meet him to know how infatuated Dean is. And from what you two have told me, Cas feels the same way. So it’s about time they started making little angel babies.”
Cas lets out a small, soft laugh. “Text messages don’t count. I wanted to let you sleep in, but Sam and Jack got donuts, and if you don’t get up soon, I’m afraid you won’t get one.”
“Whoa! No!
“Thanks, Cas. But can’t you come up with something a little more…”
Dean felt an odd rush of affection for Cas at that. He’d never been with someone who would do research in order to prepare for the
Cas took a gasping breath and sat up. He was back in the dungeon of the bunker. Sam and Jack were at his side immediately, and Sam put a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Are you okay? Did you find Dean?”
“Gimme that,” he says, and snatches the other half of my sandwich. It’s cut diagonally (the ‘
Sam shrugged, nodding.
“Because you are uncomfortable with my gender?”
Just like that. No arguing, no
“No. She truly believes that those men wouldn’t have hurt Nick. She thinks it really was an accident. Although, now, she might start to wonder. Thanks to us.”
“He was being a little bitch, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Ew. Seriously, if you want me to keep my food down, you’re going to have to stop that.”
nap.”
“We can take another trip soon,” Cas says. “With Sam and Jack. Maybe your mom can come, too.”
Dean regretted winking at her. It wasn’t like she’d needed extra convincing to talk to them. Usually Dean would be glad to get some attention from a hot girl, but he could feel jealousy radiating from Cas’ body, and was a little concerned that he might burst into flames. He pulled a business card out of his pocket and slid it across the counter, avoiding eye contact with Julie. “Thanks,” he said flatly. “Have a great night.”
Dean smirked halfheartedly. "No offense, man, but shouldn't I be the one having nightmares about that?"
“And Sam’s in the library being a nerd, I think, so if you want him to make you a sandwich or something, text him.”
He had been planning to tell Sam himself, eventually, but never quite found the right moment. Sam was the one to bring it up one night, as they were driving home from a job. Dean thought he had a lot of nerve to do that while they were in an enclosed space, let alone in a moving vehicle – if it had been during the aforementioned active denial phase, Dean probably would’ve crashed the car and killed them both.
Castiel seemed to consider this for a moment. “So, if I wish to hold your hand in public when we’re not working on a case, I may?” A sly smile formed on his lips, and Dean’s heart stuttered.
Oh yes, Sam knew. He had known Dean all his life. He knew whether or not to break down a door based on the slightest look from him, he knew that the quick slide from carelessness to full-blown depression happened somewhere between beer number three and four, and he knew how he mouthed the lyrics to the songs he played on the car stereo when he thought Sam was asleep. If Dean really thought that his little brother didn’t know about his feelings for Cas, he was kidding himself.
“Dean!” Cas said, and got to his feet. He needed to get to Dean, to touch him, to ground him. He probably would have walked right into the holy fire if not for Sam, who grabbed his arm and held him back.
Cas released Dean’s shoulder with a sigh. “This…” he said, and gestured to the clearing. “It’s not real. Wherever we are, it’s just in your mind.”
Cas likes to sleep naked. He usually ends up curled around Dean, with their legs tangled together. He talks in his sleep, and some nights Dean wakes to hot breath on his neck and the low hum of Cas’ voice as he murmurs something unintelligible. Before they shared the room, Dean slept with a wool blanket, but Cas runs hot, and their combined body heat has rendered blankets unnecessary for most of the year.
“Wait a second,” Sam said. “What exactly is the plan here? You do the spell, he’s out? That’s it?”
“Knew what?”
, he only knew sleeping with a 9 mm pistol under his pillow. He only knew flying under the radar and assuming that everyone is a liar.
“Sounds like you’re anxious, Cas.”
“They weren’t possessed, I would have been able to tell that much. Their souls were untouched.”
“Yeah, he’ll be fine. I think it’s just normal anxiety, because you’re mad at him.”
So Sam knows. They don’t really do anything in front of him, though – Dean’s
Cas looked carefully at the rift. “Maybe it leads somewhere else,” he offered. “This place isn’t necessarily…” He trailed off, looking for the right word. “Literal.”
“This conversation was not entirely fruitless for me,” Cas says. “You weren’t just jealous of angels in general. You were specifically jealous of Hannah…"
?” Dean said, raising his voice. “Cas and I spent the whole drive over here thinking something had happened to you two, and you’re just – just – in here
"You're gonna be alright, Cas," he said, though Castiel wasn't sure who exactly he was trying to convince.
“Yeah, I’m not sure if that’s something he’s ready to say yet. And especially if you’re going to live here, you have to give him enough room to be himself, even if he’s being ridiculous. If you try to push things between him and Cas, he’ll resent you for it.”
When Castiel finished, Dean was crying. He folded his arms across his bare chest, suddenly very aware that he was still wearing only a towel. Such a strong declaration of love and acceptance made him feel incredibly humbled and vulnerable, and he wanted nothing more than to curl up into a ball on the floor, or better yet, disappear into thin air. “Sorry,” he muttered, because apologizing for crying was his instinct. “I thought I could go without telling you, but – ”
Cas was still smiling like an idiot as they left the motel and headed for the bar.
A few hours later, the three of them are all in Dean’s room, halfway through their second movie. Sam is sitting in an armchair he dragged into the room, sipping on a mug of eggnog. Dean and Cas are sitting up on Dean’s bed, leaning back against the headboard. Cas is wearing his dumb Christmas sweater again.
“Oh?” Sam says, clearly feigning surprise. “Okay, that’s… That’s great.” He clears his throat and looks back down at his book, turns the pages like he’s looking for something. “Have a good time, guys.”
Castiel tensed, and he could sense Dean doing the same on the other side of the room.
“We don’t,” said Sam. “But it’s all we got.”
“We camped here,” Dean said.
“So, the place all three of them disappeared from. Ace’s Sports Bar. Did they go there often? With Nick?” Dean tried to sound casual, but he knew it might seem odd to bring Nick up again. Tammy would probably take it as a sign that they were trying to pin guilt on her.
, the billion-year-old angel of the lord? That’s harder to accept. He also finds himself surprised at the way Mary talks to Cas, the way she looks at him. There’s this… warmth. Sometimes Dean wonders if she knows. Sam probably wouldn’t tell her something like that out of the blue, but if she asked, it might be a different story. Or maybe she just has that sixth sense that people always say moms have. Regardless, Dean tries not to be too obvious around her. Cas has been remarkably patient about that, and seems to understand that Dean isn’t ashamed of him, he’s just in uncharted territory.
“In a manner of speaking,” Cas says with a slight smile.
After a moment, Cas spoke. “So, did Sam give you any more information about the victims?”
of having sex with him. Then again, he’d never been with someone (at least, not in a relationship) who was technically a different species… but he didn’t want to think too hard on that.
“Did you ever think,” Cas said, trying his best to keep his tone even, “that it might be hard for me to be around you? After what you did to me?”
If it hadn’t been for Dean Winchester, I would be telling a very different story. In fact, if it had been up to me, the
She smiles to herself and sits up in bed. She can hear Dean’s laughter coming from down the hall, and what sounds like Cas speaking loudly. But he sounds… happy? It’s not something she’s used to hearing. The only times she’s heard him raise his voice, he’s been angry. Now he sounds almost playful.
“Yeah, except for you, maybe,” she said. “I’ll get right to the point. Dean called me. He said he and Cas had to leave you alone, and he’s worried about you. So I’m stopping by.”
The rest of the night was uneventful, the relaxed silence between them only interrupted by Dean’s occasional musings about the case. Just after the last employee walked to her vehicle and left the lot, Dean fell asleep again, this time facing Cas rather than the window. Castiel wondered if it was just coincidence or if Dean really did sleep more soundly when he knew that he was there with him. It may have been a silly notion, but it made him feel like he was worthy of Dean’s trust. After the things Naomi had made him do…
Dean walked along the perimeter of the lot, and the readings on the EMF meter diminished the further he got from the bar. “Obviously we’re on to something here. Do you think the chicks that work here were lying? Covering up for someone, maybe?”
Dean pulled his right hand off the steering wheel and flexed it, hissing as his muscles clenched up. Usually he could drive for hours without getting a hand cramp, but when he got tense, he gripped the wheel until his knuckles were white and his tendons locked. He had done some research about trigger finger, and because the condition was most common in “people whose work or hobbies require repetitive gripping actions,” Dean had no idea whether he had damaged his hand working on cars, driving, or holding a gun every damn day of his life – which would be pretty funny considering the name
“Morning. Merry Christmas,” Dean says.
“Some of my grace, yes. Just a tiny bit.”
“Yeah. But as soon as we get back and give her the stuff we bought, we’ll make up for some lost time, ok?”
“I don’t have a last name to give you. I suppose I could use Novak, but it’s not truly mine. So I was wondering if I could take your name.”
“Yeah, but the way you said it… ” He trails off awkwardly.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighs. It was kind of inevitable that she would find out (or figure it out), but there’s something so unsettling about not knowing her reaction, not knowing when or how she first realized. Was she surprised? Disappointed? Weirded out?
“So,” Cas says, “now that we’re here, what would you like to do?”
“She said she’d call if there was any change. It’s just a waiting game now.”
“I’m not a very talkative being,” Cas says, keeping his eyes downcast.
“Dean didn’t want him to go. We really do need him, but he wants to go to college…”
“Dean?” Cas says, and Dean realizes he’s probably been staring at him. “You ready to go?”
Sam has recently left for his morning jog (“Really, Sammy? Even on Christmas?”), so Dean just sits there alone and drinks his coffee, staring at his Christmas present for Cas. He’d gone back and forth so many times on whether or not to wrap it, and whether or not he should buy actual wrapping paper for that. In the end, he’d decided that it was not exciting enough of a gift to warrant actual wrapping paper, but the Winchester method of wrapping with newspaper seemed appropriate.
Dean looked pale, and if Sam hadn’t been legitimately worried that his brother might puke, he would have found it funny. Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah, thanks, dude, but guys don’t really give each other flowers, you know?”
Sam fought back the urge to reply with innuendo. “You tell him how you feel.”
“I am
“But unless I misunderstand you, Dean – and for once, I don’t think that is the case – then I feel the same way. I have for a long time.”
“Then what’s your problem?” he demanded, raising his voice.
Several agonizing seconds go by, and Cas is still sitting in the passenger seat, his eyes wide and fixed on the road ahead. “You… don’t normally say that to people,” he finally says. “Not verbally.”
“Yeah.” When it felt somewhat odd to not return the question, he added, “How was your, uh, meditation?”
At the casual mention of Ben and Lisa, Dean’s entire body flooded with rage. “Don’t you dare. Don’t you
Before he can continue, Dean leans down to kiss him — not to shut him up, but because he can’t help it. He’s overwhelmed again with the almost-heartache of feeling so much, and he has to let it out somehow. He cups the back of Cas’ neck, runs his fingers through his hair, and lets himself get lost in the kiss.
Cas turned down the stereo, which was playing something he thought might be Aerosmith (he wouldn’t have bet on it, though - Dean always made fun of his inability to distinguish between various rock groups). He found Charlie’s number in the contacts list and dialed. After a few rings he got her voicemail. He hesitated slightly, because he didn’t know Charlie, but decided to leave a message. “Hello. This is Castiel. Dean and I are on our way, and wanted to check on you and Sam. So...  please call Dean.” He hung up and looked at Dean, wondering if he found this voicemail acceptable. What he saw on Dean’s face was thinly veiled stress.
Dean sighed and looked at Cas, then realized he was doing it just for the sake of looking at him. He looked away again. “Okay, but are you sure you’re up for it? I mean you’re still pretty fucked up from the trials.” Dammit. He just couldn’t escape that stupid brotherly instinct. Not even a few hours had passed and he was already half-done being mad and back to being concerned.
Dean’s palms get a little sweaty just from the word. But he’s also oddly pleased that Cas remembers his phobia. “There are other ways to travel,” he points out. “Better ways.”
“Cas,” Dean whispers.
“No. I’m not Siri.”
It’s beyond awkward that Sam was so involved with setting all of this up, but Dean knows it’s probably just his brother’s way of being supportive without talking about it. And talking about it is the last thing Dean wants, so he’s willing to tolerate pretty much anything else.
“Were you ever gonna mention this?”
Rowena’s spell came to an end, punctuated with one final flick of her wrists in Michael’s direction. The angel cuffs glowed white, and Cas winced as Dean’s wrists began to sizzle and burn. Michael roared in pain and shut his eyes. “Now, Dean!” Rowena shouted. “He’ll be at his weakest now!”
Cas couldn’t tear his gaze from Dean’s face, desperately searching for any sign of him, any deviation from the eerie glow of Michael’s grace in his eyes. “Dean,” he said, “You can fight him.”
"My room," Dean said. "My bed's more comfortable. You might be having nightmares because the couch is so awful." He continued to hold Castiel's hand as he led him down the hall to his bedroom.
“So, what, you think I’m one of those–– one of those––”
A whoosh of wings later, Cas was in the passenger seat, eyeing Dean with the kind of caution that was rare for him. It was only in the most vulnerable moments of their relationship that Castiel had ever shown any real unease in his direction, and each time it happened, Dean was both surprised and humbled. It was unbelievable to him that an Angel of the Lord could possibly feel afraid of him, to any degree. He knew, on some level at least, that it was because he had the power to devastate Cas emotionally. Cas had given him that power a long time ago. Dean only hoped the angel understood that the reverse was true as well.
“I enjoy spending time with you. Nothing more is required,” Cas said. “I am very sexually attracted to you, Dean,” he added, seemingly sensing that Dean was about to reiterate his doubt. “And we can proceed however you wish. I just need you to understand that I don’t expect anything from you. You don’t owe me anything.”
… white,” Dean said lamely, closing the trunk.
“You too,” she said, obviously crestfallen, and Dean felt a bit guilty.
Cas nods, and Dean almost laughs at the serious expression on his face.
Castiel smiled, either from being called a Winchester or a fuck-up or both. “I’m sorry we had to have this conversation in the middle of a case,” he said. “All because I couldn’t keep my eyes to myself. You would think an angel would show more restraint.”
“No, it probably gets zapped back there once it kills whoever it’s with. Speaking of which,” Dean said, looking at his watch, “we should get going. We don’t want anyone else getting snatched unless we’re there.”
Dean couldn’t help but gasp as light exploded behind his eyelids, and his system was flooded with every sensation he had ever known and several he couldn’t even begin to name. He saw himself being pulled from his chains in the pit, carried in Castiel’s arms. He saw himself and his brother passed out on motel beds, Cas watching from by the window. He saw himself in purgatory fighting off a vamp, and felt a surge of terror he knew did not belong to him. What seemed like hundreds of memories erupted into his mind, and through all of them he felt a commonality, a feeling of almost violent protectiveness paired with unconditional affection.
“Hey, that’s my species you’re talking about.” He was glad to hear– and feel – Cas’ small chuckle. “And c’mon, man, I’m pretty sure I’ve seen the worst of you already. You tried to kill me, for one thing. You’re weird beyond belief. And you’re not the best at keeping in touch. Don’t you think if my feelings were gonna change, it would’ve happened by now?”
“None taken,” said Sam. “I’m sure Dean would prefer it if
On the drive home, Dean cranks the heat up all the way, and looks over at Cas, who is wrapped up in his new red and green striped scarf and already halfway through a bag of peppermint bark, looking perfectly content.
“I see. Are you ready to go?”
Dean still looked upset, but some of the tension seemed to have slid out of his posture.
“Yep.”
“Oh, God, I hope that’s not possible…”
Rowena cut him off. “Did you have the preserved temporal lobe of a djinn lying around?” She produced a jar from her bag and held it up to the light. It contained a sickly-gray blob submerged in chunky, milky liquid.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Cas had known all this time and had never said anything. “So what, you were just gonna let me remember everything else?”
“It’s not me, either. It’s you, Sam. You have to forgive yourself.”
“Um, you’re bedridden.” She got up and started to adjust the blankets, pulling them up and around his shoulders. “You can’t really stop me.”
last night, I’m guessing nothing much is gonna go down during the day.”
“Certainly not on his own,” Rowena added. She was already cleaning up her workspace, packing her belongings away into her bag.
Dean took a prolonged sip from his beer. “What are you talking about?”
“Yeah, it’s not like I have a better idea. If we keep walking, this could just go on forever. I have no idea where we are, and you said we don’t have a lot of time. So let’s do it.”
"Where are we going?" he asked, but found himself getting up to follow Dean regardless.
Cas nodded. “But first I will purchase the pie.”
“Well, let’s go tell him the good news. And after that, my shower offer still stands.” He throws Cas a wink.
“In any case, I don’t see how Hannah’s possible feelings for me are relevant.”
“You’ve never even met Cas. Why’re you so happy about this?”
“Have fun,” Sam says, smirking.
“No, Dean. He looks up to you. If anyone’s the puppy, he is.”
Cas hesitates, like he’s trying to decide whether or not he should lie, but at Dean’s reproachful look, he sighs in resignation and says, “She said ‘Have a good time.’”
Cas had expected more of an argument. “Really?”
“Can I help you?”
“They just didn’t think I was right for him, I guess,” she said with a shrug.
“I’m not going to ask him to come back. But he’s your brother and he would want to know how bad this is. Besides, maybe he and Cas can start thinking of ways to heal you. There has to be some spell, or something. You just don’t know about it yet.” She was smiling, but the worry in her voice was clear.
But he can’t make a scene here, because they’re in a rural town in the Midwest, and even though he’s never wanted to kiss a man (well, a wavelength of celestial intent in a male form) so badly in his life, he knows that these people are probably not into that sort of thing, and
“Hot chocolate?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but seemed to think better of it. He shrugged. “Just wondering.”
“Cas?”
“How long do you have?”
“Wake me up in an hour,” Dean murmurs.
Cas wondered whether or not the hair had been acquired with Dean’s knowledge, but again, he decided it wasn’t important at the moment. Sam handed the satchel to Rowena, who extracted a few of the light brown hairs and placed them into her bowl. Next, she opened the jar containing the djinn brains and, to Jack’s obvious horror, put her bare hand inside to scoop the slimy mass out and into the bowl. “Now,” she said, flicking the excess liquid off her fingers. “The grace.” She handed Cas an empty vial.
Cas paused for a moment to catch his breath. “Cable ties,” he said gravely, gesturing to a box on the floor to his left. Jack rummaged through the box and returned to Cas’ side with a handful of white cable ties. Cas took them reluctantly, and said, “Holy oil, in the archive room.” Jack took off down the hallway, and Cas set his jaw, preparing for the part of this task he dreaded most.
In stark contrast to the rest of the house, the attached bathroom looks like it has been recently renovated. Dean steps inside and admires the enormous shower with glass doors. “We’ll see if the water pressure is as good as it is at home,” he says with a wink. Cas smiles.
Soon, Sam and Charlie excused themselves to go watch
“You,” he replies, and he’s almost surprised by his own candor.
“What do you mean? Any one of those dicks with wings can find us now? Since when?”
“Cas pulled me out of hell,” Dean said.
They had their badges out when they knocked on the door of Tammy’s apartment, but before Dean could say anything, she just opened the door and said, “Come in. I’m Tammy. I heard you were in town.”
He didn’t know why he felt surprised. It made sense. Cas had chosen free will, forfeiting his Angel Card. Just because he got to hold on to some of the perks didn’t mean he was still a member of the club. Still, Dean couldn’t help feeling guilty. He wasn’t exactly sorry for the way things had turned out – he was too selfish for that – but he was sorry for whatever pain Cas might have experienced.
“Dean – ” Cas seemed concerned. “Isn’t public affection between males frowned upon?”
Dean tried to detect guilt or nervousness in Tammy’s voice, but found nothing. She seemed sincere. Maybe the guys really were just dicks. And that would explain why a vengeful spirit might be after them. Maybe Nick went vengeful because he died so soon after his fight with them. But what, exactly, warranted their deaths for him? Sprits didn’t usually go vengeful over spilled milk. The fight had to have been over something huge.
“This is ridiculous. I am older than the earth. I should not be so concerned with the sentiments of a human. And yet I constantly wonder whether or not I am imagining the way you hesitate to define the way you feel about me. And what that could mean.”
“You can start with your name,” Dean paused and threw in a wink for good measure. “And how long you’ve been working here.”
“Yeah, you know, that’s your problem, Sammy. You’re too serious.” He swung the bottle around for emphasis. “I mean, for all we know, you could be dead tomorrow. And yet
"Well, the sooner you go to sleep, the sooner you can have them."
Sam thought about telling Cas he was fine and sending him away, but as usual the look of confusion on the angel’s face tugged on his heart. Cursing his abnormally strong empathetic response, he sighed. “Sometimes people get anxious when they’re not sure how something’s going to turn out.”
be awake in an hour.”
“Am I?” Cas said indifferently.
Sam chuckled. “No, not me. It was Jess, actually. When she told me, I thought she was asking for a threesome, but I guess that’s not a common requirement.” Sam tried not to let the sharp pain in his chest come through on his face as he said her name. Sometimes he forgot about how fresh the grief still felt, how the wounds could still rip wide open in a second.
“Dean, as I just said, I was not at all confident that it would work. I tried my best, and I am sincerely sorry for failing you
Dean’s eyes were dangerously close to watering, and he blinked repeatedly. “So whatever this is… I’m not alone in it?”
Cas’ head snapped up. “The safety of you and Dean is my top priority. Anything that happened to suggest otherwise was simply a miscalculation on my part. And for that I apologize.”
“What do you mean, you’re ‘staying here’?” Dean glares at Sam from the doorway.
“But that’s what I’m saying, Dean. Aren’t vengeful spirits too insane to properly execute threats? I was under the impression they killed out of rage, so why would this one be so careful?”
Cas shrugs. “I prefer to be somewhat honest when possible, and especially considering the conversation we had on our way here, I don’t think it’s unreasonable to say that we’re both father figures to Claire in some way.”
Dean interrupted his reading. “I’m sorry, does that say
“Anything else I should know about?”
“Come here,” Dean repeated, holding out his right arm in invitation. Cas obeyed, though the questioning look remained in his eyes. He scooted over to Dean, who put his arm around him, grabbing his right shoulder and pulling him closer, tucking the angel’s head under his chin.
“Thought not,” said Rowena, and set the jar down on the table. “In any case, I’m here now. I will, however, need one more thing. I’ll need... ” She paused, looking directly at Castiel. “... a wee bit of angel grace.”
“I would feel better if I accompanied you.”
“No, Cas, it’s alright. You’ve been looking forward to it. I mean, look at you, you’re all… festive.”
Julie shrugged. “I really wish I could help you guys more. But I haven’t noticed anything.” She looked Dean up and down and smiled. “Although, you could always leave your card with me. I’ll give you a call if I remember anything.”
Dean fought off the shiver in his spine at the words
Cas frowns. “Maybe he’s actually sick, Dean.”
Dean just shook his head again.
Cas must see the concern on Dean’s face, because he presses a gentle kiss to his lips. It’s subdued, especially compared to what they were doing before, but it still succeeds in easing Dean’s worry, at least a little. “Before we get too…” – Cas pauses, searching for the right word – “
Sam felt a pang in his chest at the Bobby-esque reply. He shut the bedroom door behind him. “Will you cut the crap? I’m serious.”
Dean laughed, and the sound filled Castiel with a kind of joy he had never really felt as an angel. Of course he had been able to feel happiness, but not to this extent (not until he had met Dean, anyway), and never on such a visceral level. For the first time since losing his grace, he didn't feel uncomfortable in his body. He was finally at ease. He vaguely recalled hearing the proverb, Laughter is the best medicine, and in that moment he understood.
“You truly are. You may not be used to that term being applied to males, but it certainly is accurate in this case.”
“Dean, Cas is having anxiety problems.”
and the reverence with which Cas had said them
“That’s not what I’m saying. I’m saying you need to find a way to be angry and functional at the same time.”
Dean looked absolutely miserable, but didn’t argue.
“Pull over,” Castiel murmured.
“Will do.”
Cas looked slightly to his right, then back down at the asphalt, clearly trying to act casual. He turned to face Dean. “Hmm.”
“What – Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You’re leaving out the part where he’s a dude.” Dean said this in his usual tone of voice, but something in his eyes had softened into something Sam couldn’t quite name. It reminded him of when they were kids, and Dean would lie to him about their dad being back in time for dinner. It wasn’t guilt, exactly, but it held the same kind of worry, the same kind of fear of being a disappointment.
Tammy was quiet for a minute, as if deciding whether or not to let the conversation continue on this particular path. Then she took a deep breath. “Look, I’m going to say something, and if you think I’m crazy, then that’s fine.”
Hell, maybe he was too broken for even a fallen angel to love.
Dean figures Cas is probably amused by having to constantly remind him that he’s an angel. Which, yeah, it’s kind of ridiculous. But it’s not like he’s
“Oh?” Cas props himself up on one elbow and lifts an eyebrow, maybe trying for casual curiosity, but Dean can see something else behind it, something much more vulnerable. Much more human.
“Any idea what the fight was about?” Dean asked.
“Well, yeah, we’re pissed at each other, but just because someone fucks up doesn’t mean you don’t love them anymore. You know that. I mean you’ve done some really shady shit, and I still – ”
Sam stood awkwardly outside Dean’s bedroom door, listening to the muffled sounds of what he thought was Anthrax blasting from laptop speakers. He took a deep breath and knocked, and allowed himself a moment of panic when there was no response. Dean’s constant alcohol abuse paired with his horrific diet and lifelong shortage on sleep was not exactly ideal, even for an otherwise healthy thirty-year-old. An even more disturbing possibility passed through his mind as he pictured his brother with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, finally free from his responsibilities, fear of inadequacy, and internalized homophobia…
To Dean’s relief, Cas kept his smugness to a minimum, at least outwardly. “Sam is texting you the coordinates and more information. Do we need to stop by the bunker for anything?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “That’s generally how nightmares work, Cas. That doesn’t count as talking about it.”
“You appear to be in stable condition,” Cas said. “Dean is not in any immediate danger. The chances of us being detected in this building are considerably low. Even if I were to leave to obtain the dessert item you requested, the risk level for me is minimal.”
“We just have to talk it out,” Charlie said. "You and me. I have a bit of experience with guilt, remember? And dead parents, come to think of it. Guilt over dead parents. So really, I’m the perfect person to talk to.”
“We get it, Dean.” Sam shares a little smile with Jack. “No TV after dinner, bedtime at eight.”
Dean readjusted his arms, folding them more tightly across his chest. The lump in his throat continued to grow, and his mouth felt like a forest of cotton balls. Cas was happy to know that they were still friends. Happy enough to smirk. Dean tried to smile, but it was more from nervousness than amusement. “Cas, you’re family. You’re supposed to piss me off.”
He tried not to let it hurt his feelings; he knew that Dean had some issues with overcompensation and probably just wasn't ready to address the shift in energy between them. But however logical that explanation was, Castiel's newly entirely human body made it impossible to keep other, more emotion-based explanations from drifting into the realm of possibility. Without his grace, he could no longer regulate his psychological processes, and that left him vulnerable to emotional fluctuations he wasn't yet equipped to cope with.
“No! I mean, yes. The answer is yes. If you wanna get married, then I wanna get married.” He looks down at the ring. “I want to put it on, but my hands…”
Cas opened his eyes, and Dean only narrowly suppressed a sharp intake of breath. They were just so
angry. Hell, I got a lot to be angry about. I drink. We hunt. We don’t talk about it. That’s how this works.”
“She wants to make a personal trip in my car,” Cas says, clearly asking Dean for his opinion. They’re such a married couple.
This would be funny, Dean realizes, if it were like the time when he told Sam to pack lots of layers for a hunt in Maine in the dead of winter, and Sam ended up freezing his ass off because he’d only packed his regular jacket. But this isn’t like that. This is Cas, who is supposed to be all powered up and completely self-sufficient at temperature regulation.
“You think it’s because of
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says. He sounds genuinely moved. “I’m honored to be a part of your family tradition.”
“Anything that ain’t the crack of dawn is sleeping in for me,” Dean points out, and swings his legs over the side of the bed, stretching.
“Scared of
— sandwich. “Besides, that’s got to be, like,” he says with his mouth full, “enough to get me sent back to hell right away. Cheating on an angel.”
And there’s Cas. He’s not a powered-up angel anymore, but he’s not fully human either. He still wears his holy tax accountant outfit most of the time, except to sleep, which he’s been doing more and more for the past year. At first, the sleeping was incredibly concerning to Dean, but Cas assured him that he wasn’t sick — his grace had just dimmed slightly from being on earth for so many years. “I’ve been away from heaven for a long time,” Cas said. “If I returned, maybe my grace would regenerate, but that could take years. Maybe longer. And I would much rather stay here with you.”
“No, no, no. Cas does not get a free pass on this.”
Have they always sounded like this? Like a couple? Dean can’t be sure, because everything feels different. Every word spoken and every glance shared between them is shaped a little differently, takes up more space in the air, now that Dean can see the potential they hold.
, he thought to himself– “and we need to be at the top of our game.”
“No,” Cas said as patiently as he could. Dean was already struggling to keep up, so he certainly didn’t want to confuse him any further by explaining that this Michael was from another world. “Dean, he possessed you. Whatever this is, it’s something he created to keep you locked away in your own mind. Or maybe you did it to protect yourself. Either way, it’s not real.”
A soft blush rises to Cas’ cheeks. “I may have had… suspicions,” he says, and Dean definitely doesn’t want to know where he got those. Just the thought of her trying to put moves on Cas makes Dean feel like he needs to either vomit or throw something. Maybe both.
Cas smiles. “Thank you, Dean. I feel better knowing that she has a home with you.”
Rowena smiled. “You speak of angels as though you’re not one of them.”
Castiel hoped Dean wouldn’t read too much into his absence. In hindsight, he should have left a note, but it was human things like these that only crossed his mind as afterthoughts. Besides, he would return soon. He just needed some time to think.
“Cas, buddy, what’s up with you lately?”
Cas smirked, and Dean felt a flash of embarrassment, though he wasn’t sure why. “What?”
“Whatever. Wait, how do you know that?”
Dean wiped his lips with the back of his hand. “Does that answer your question?” he asked, looking too smug for his own good.
He’s so damn grateful for this. Sam and Jack are safe (assuming they don’t do anything stupid this weekend).
When the door closes behind her, Sam says, “She didn’t even bring her bags down from the car.” There’s no bitterness in his tone; it sounds mostly like an observation tinged with a bit of amusement. They’ve both had a few years to adjust to Mary’s habit of taking off. She was dead for most of their lives, and now that she’s back, she doesn’t spend much time with them. Dean knows it’s nothing personal – she can’t pass up any opportunity for hunting, and it probably feels weird to hang around people she only really met a few years ago, even if they are her kids.
When Cas moved in for a kiss, Dean was even more surprised. It definitely wasn’t like their previous kisses. This one had more weight behind it, more determination. So maybe Cas was feeling less afraid?
When the last bit of grace had escaped, Dean’s head fell to his chest. After a moment he looked up, panting, his shirt soaked in sweat. He looked as surprised as any of them that he was back (except perhaps Rowena, who mostly looked smug), but Dean said nothing. He just sighed and looked up at the scorched ceiling where Michael’s grace had exited.
“Ten minutes?”
“Are we thinking vengeful spirit?”
“Alright, but you usually have
As mind-blowing as the sex is, it’s not even Dean’s favorite part. It’s the quieter moments that really get him, like putting his arm around Cas when they’re watching movies on the couch, or the warm, amused look on Cas’ face when Dean inadvertently lets a pet name slip (
Sam sighed. “I guess I just can’t see Dean being that open about anything, you know? I tried to talk to him about it, and he shut down.”
“Anyway,” Sam says, “I think I’m gonna hit the books again.”
Castiel’s hand slides up to cup Dean’s cheek. Dean’s heart hammers in his chest at the tender contact. “I would do everything again the same way,” Cas says, “except for the parts when I hurt you and Sam.”
“I know you’ve never liked doing this. It’s not the life you wanted, and it’s not the life I wanted for you. But I thought you made a choice.”
Eventually, they reached another clearing. Cas was afraid it might be the same one as before, but instead of the Impala, the center of this clearing held something that made them both stop in their tracks.
He shrugs, continues folding clothes and packing them into his duffel. “Maybe. So, uh, what did Sam say about all this, anyway?”
“I will,” Cas said. Sam gave him a questioning look, perhaps due to how quickly he had volunteered. “Maybe there are parts of his mind,” Cas said, “that Dean would rather his brother not see. No offense.”
Dean gets a worried look that’s almost identical to the one his brother gave Cas less than twenty minutes ago, and Cas resists the urge to roll his eyes.
Cas looked around for some way to prove that he was right, that he was telling the truth. “Look,” he said, and gestured all around them. “There’s no road anywhere. How did you get here in your car? There’s no way through the trees.” It was true, the clearing was surrounded on all sides by trees, with no path for a car to fit between them.
The next hour or so feels relatively normal. They drink coffee, Mary talks about her last few hunts, and everyone partakes in some good-natured teasing about how Dean is an ‘old man’ now. “You ain’t too far behind me, Sammy,” Dean says. “And you” – he points to Cas – “are what, a billion?”
Dean sighed and walked over to his bed, where he collapsed onto his back and stared at the ceiling. “Man, I miss my memory foam mattress. Are you sure Rowena has the bunker all hexed up?”
“You’re not quite as much of a pain in my ass. Close, though.”
Dean shook his head. “It’s all I can do, it’s my job.”
This was clearly the right thing to say, because Cas looks at him like he hung the friggin’ moon. It’s too much, and Dean decides it’s a good time to get out of the car. His knees crack as he stands up, his legs stiff after several hours of driving, and he smirks to himself —
“Dean,” Cas says softly.
Castiel lowered his head. “I’m sorry. I was trying to gauge your emotional state.”
“Yeah. Cas, I… I’m glad you’re here.”
“Yeah?” Dean answered.
Dean was feeling increasingly uncomfortable with this conversation, but he knew it needed to happen.
here, I want to ask you something. I was going to wait until later, but...”
“I mean I’m staying here,” Sam says. “I think I’m coming down with something.”
“No, Dean. I believe you were genuine.” He looked out the passenger window, turning his head away so Dean couldn’t see his face. Dean briefly wondered if he was blushing and was hit with a twinge of satisfaction. “But I know you,” Cas continued. “And I know the patterns of your past relationships. Commitment doesn’t sit well with you.”
It was gentle, just the press of Dean’s lips against his, but with unmistakable fire behind it. Cas let out a startled groan, and Dean pulled back as though bracing for rejection. But Cas had other plans, and simply fisted his hand in Dean’s shirt to pull Dean down on top of him. They kissed again, and he could feel Dean’s slight smile against his mouth. But the satisfied flutter in Cas’ chest gave way to fear. Was this happiness? Would the Empty come for him now?
Michael thrashed, eyes opening again for a brief second, just long enough for Cas to see that they were now
“Shit,” Dean said again, feeling sick to his stomach.
“Right. A bit of his hair,” Rowena said, gesturing at Dean. “We might have to put out the holy fire, unless one of you would like to walk through it.”
“Yeah, I know,” he interrupted before Sam could finish.
Dean zips his duffel closed and gives Cas an apprehensive look. “You gonna zap us there?” He sincerely hopes the answer is no; he hates the feeling of ‘flying,’ especially longer distances. Getting zapped around within the bunker is so quick (less than a nanosecond, according to Cas) that Dean barely feels it, which is why he lets him get away with it. But going farther than that makes Dean feel like he’s been shot into orbit and snapped back down to earth, with a strange kind of gravitational echo that makes his whole body unsteady and tingly even after they land.
“I’m not irritable, I’m pissed. I’m trying to get us home, and I have to worry about you running off.”
“Yeah.”
“No, Dean, and again, I don’t see how this is – Wait a minute. Are you
This had not been an uncommon occurrence in the past few weeks, but it still troubled Castiel. He hated to see the brothers’ relationship so fractured, seemingly beyond repair. He was often tempted to defend Sam from Dean’s unnecessary outbursts, but he also knew that it would be best not to get involved.
He shook his head and smiled like he thought Cas might be playing a joke. “We’re in Oregon.”
"I'm used to it," Dean muttered, sleepiness clearly taking its hold again. "You're like… a giant baby."
Dean’s arm is draped around Cas’s shoulders (and if Sam has noticed, he hasn’t said anything). Dean’s bedspread is littered with the cellophane wrappers of peppermint candies.
really fit in up there.”
Sam smiled at her, in awe. “How the hell do you know all this stuff?”
He wished he could be more gentle with Dean, but he wasn’t sure how much time they had. “What year is it?” he said, hoping this would be a quick way to prove his point.
Dean could feel the vibration of Cas’ voice against his chest, and it sent a shiver up his spine. “I don’t want you to worry,” Dean said. “I mean, we got other shit to worry about. What makes you so sure you’re gonna lose me, anyway? You have to admit I’m kind of a cockroach. No thanks to you.” Dean nudged him with his arm to emphasize his sarcasm.
Cas didn’t bother to hide his small smile as he got up and followed Dean down the hallway.
“Don’t worry,” he says. “No one’s in trouble.”
Dean glances back towards the library, trying to decide whether he can get away with kissing Cas right here, right now. He doesn’t have a clear sightline to wherever Sam and Jack are, but he can hear their voices coming from what sounds like the back corner of the library, so he grabs Cas’ tie and pulls him forward. Before their lips even come together, there’s a whoosh of wings and the world spins. Half a second later, they’re standing in Dean’s bedroom, and Cas is kissing him breathless.
“Okay,” Cas says. “You can come.”
“After I left this morning I realized that my absence may have seemed more deliberate than it was,” Castiel elaborated. “I needed some time to think, but I should have communicated that to you.”
Jack opened his mouth to argue again, but Cas said, “It’ll be fine, Jack,” as calmly as he could. Deep down, though, he wasn’t too sure. He had used so much of his grace already, just trying to keep Michael down. But if he could help Dean, he would gladly give up every drop of grace he had left.
He expected shouting, or maybe for Dean to get up and leave him alone in the motel room, slamming the door behind him. He did not expect Dean to sit up and push himself towards him, capturing his lips in a furious kiss.
“How did you know?” Cas asks Dean in the car.
“Good night, Dean. I hope you feel better.”
way,’ as he taught me), and he starts eating from a corner. “Still too much jelly, man."
Cas almost healed him anyway, but given what Dean had been through in the past day, he let it go.
Castiel remembered the last time Dean was here, his arms and legs bound to this very chair, his eyes black and cold.
“Shh, it’s okay,” Cas whispered, holding Dean’s face in his hands and wiping the tears away. A moment later, he gently tugged on his arm to lead him away from the bathroom counter and back into the main room. Dean followed. He would follow Cas anywhere.
But Dean Winchester didn’t know
“Nap it is.”
“If something happens to me – again – I need you to take care of Claire.”
Rowena pulled some more materials out of her bag and began to set up a workspace on the table. Everyone was sweating now – Dean included, Cas could see – as the holy fire warmed the room.
Sam stared at his brother, whose back was still turned. He looked hurt, but not surprised. “I’m going for a drive,” he announced. He got up from the table, took Dean’s keys from their spot on the nightstand, and left.
Cas pulls back, and grins when Dean leans forward automatically, trying to follow his mouth; he loves to make Dean chase after a kiss, especially when he’s already this worked up. Instead of returning to Dean’s mouth, Cas turns his attention to his neck, sucking lightly, and Dean shudders. “I’m sorry,” Cas says, and bites gently along his jaw.
Cas seems to decide against lurking in the doorway, and steps inside. Dean is glad to see him gaining the confidence to enter his room without an explicit invitation – in the past he’s seemed concerned about crossing a boundary or invading Dean’s space. Most of the time, Dean
It wasn’t explicitly stated, but the implication was there:
. You know?”
Sam returned with a small satchel. “I, uh, know it’s a little weird. But I thought it would be good to have, you know? Just in case.”
— combined with the overwhelming realization that Cas
“Well,” Dean said, “that’s not good. I do
Castiel tried to remind himself that he still had his grace, and as of now, he could continue to be an asset to the Winchesters. If that changed, he would find a solution. It would not be favorable to worry them with the unfounded scenarios in his head.
“You don’t know?”
“Was he acting strange at all before he left? You know, like he was scared of something?” Dean asked.
Cas didn’t know what to say.
Cas tells Dean all about the cabin while he packs. Two acres of land, right on the water, with a dock and everything. It’s been a relatively mild winter, but he advises Dean to pack lots of layers, just in case they get snow. “There’s a full kitchen, and it’s stocked,” he says, “so we won’t have to worry about food.”
In the hallway, he nearly runs into Cas, who’s wearing slightly-too-big jeans and a ridiculously hideous Christmas sweater. Between seeing Cas in something other than his trench coat, and seeing Cas in something a suburban grandmother would probably wear, Dean has to blink a few times to let his eyes adjust.
“Yeah, exactly. Second vic: Daniel White, 21. Went missing the same night they found Mendez’s body, from the same bar. He was there with some friends, and they said he left around midnight, acting really weird. The police didn’t find his body, but they found his car abandoned in an empty parking lot, with his blood all over the inside. There was enough blood that detectives say he definitely died of blood loss even if he managed to get away from his attacker. Ruled as a homicide. Third guy went missing a few days ago, left Ace’s around one a.m., and never showed up for work yesterday. At this point he’s just considered a missing person, but the cops are prepared for the worst, since it fits the pattern.”
On the walk to the garage, Cas feels like he’s on his way to be executed. It’s only when he approaches the door and hears Dean singing along (terribly) to Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd that he feels slightly less afraid.
“Nah, you know I always have a packed bag. Let’s go gank a ghost.”
“And this is usually when I would pull over. Believe me, I want to, but… ”
In one stride he has his arms around my waist and his lips pressed to my forehead. “I know. I just meant 'cause you’re perfect."
“Dean can tell you what to look for,” he said. It felt like admitting defeat. “Help yourself to anything in the kitchen.”
– for some time now that there was something wrong with him. His software was defective. He was manufactured with faulty wiring. Whatever euphemisms he used, the knowledge was much more catastrophic to him than he let on. An undesirable, but entirely plausible explanation was that he was becoming less of an angel, his grace deteriorating exponentially like some radioactive element. Perhaps his grace was leaking out, unable to remain housed inside a being that had done so much wrong. The idea of being human did not disgust him, and it certainly would have its advantages, but it would not be an ideal outcome. After all, millennia of existing in a particular state of being can make someone rather resistant to change.
“Don’t manipulate me.” Cas said, trying for his Firm Voice before diving forward to tickle Dean’s neck with kisses. Dean squirmed under him, laughing – definitely
Castiel got up from his chair and walked slowly over to the bed where Dean was still lying on his back, arms tucked behind his head. Cas sat on the edge of the bed, and Dean looked like he was afraid he might smite him.
“Usually I’m the one who handles the research.”
“Did you just say he ‘adores’ me?” Dean said incredulously. What, like I’m some kind of pet or something?”
“Isn’t that kinda the point?”
“I’ve been a real dick, okay? I know you don’t have to do any of this shit for us. You do  it because we’re family. And I know I act like I take it for granted, but… what I’m trying to say is, I don’t. I don’t take you for granted.”
“He just knows how lame this thing is gonna be.”
It was like Cas had said, after all: he had seen all of him. Rebuilt his body from nothing. So Dean was surprised to see the look of fascination in Castiel’s eyes as he stared openly at his exposed skin. His body wasn’t what it used to be, Dean knew – he was getting a bit pudgy, and had a few stretch marks on his hips – and he was struck with a twinge of insecurity.
“I always miss you,” Cas says, and he’s being serious, even if Dean laughs.
“What?” Cas said, suddenly self-conscious.
“Mhmm.” He kisses the back of Cas’ neck. Just a year ago, he never would’ve done something like that, it would’ve felt too earnest. But now he knows it doesn’t bother Cas in the slightest. Dean can kiss him, trace circles on his skin, play with his hair, all the sappy shit that seemed so impossible before. And he genuinely wants to do all those things, but it’s also a convenient way to ask for what he wants without actually asking; Cas seems to take note of the affection Dean gives him and return the favor by imitating his touches.
“They’re quite remarkable, the pair of them,” she continued. “The absolute bane of my existence, but remarkable.”
“Was I the only person who didn’t know about this trip?”
“I know. I wanna kill him, too.”
“Well, come on, let’s go.”
Before Sam could respond, there was the familiar whooshing sound of wings, and he was alone.
“There was a case nearby.”
Cas opened the door just a crack, and saw Dean lying back on the bed, still fully clothed, remote in hand.
“So… you found me so intimidating that you just had to act like a dick.”
Dean was surprised to find that he didn’t feel guilty. At least, not for the kiss. Only for waiting so long to give in. He had enough to worry about without spending every waking moment trying to force himself back into denial. He knew how he felt about Castiel, and he had for a long time, but knowing something and coming to terms with it were two very different things.
Dean was unaware of the fact that he was pacing until he noticed Cas’ eyes following him back and forth. He forced himself to stand still for a moment. “Alright, let’s do surveillance here overnight, and we’ll see if anything goes down.”
“I suppose,” Cas replied, not without sarcasm.
At first, I assume that his offer to talk is just his way of being courteous — it is three in the morning, after all, and regardless of our close relationship, Dean is not one for talking about feelings — but after I take a sip of milk and another bite of my sandwich, he’s looking at me expectantly. “It was a really stupid dream,” I say, and shrug. “It was just… upsetting to me, and I couldn’t get back to sleep afterwards.”
“I do not understand,” Cas said. “Why do you find it unacceptable for a male to present another male with a section of an angiosperm organism?”
“And isn’t that why you almost killed me? Because I wasn’t going along with your plan?”
His tone implied that Cas was supposed to have done or said something, but he didn’t know what. “Yes?”
“Yeah, well, I don’t feel very important.”
"No, I haven't."
“Thought maybe if I didn’t say anything you would go away,” he half-mumbled, half-slurred, reaching across his body to shut off the music that was coming from his computer.
“I don’t regret choosing you, Dean,” Cas continues. “I’m just sorry that I had to choose. Because it
And yet I admired certain things about him. His devotion to his brother, for example, was something I understood through my devotion to heaven (and respected deeply). He questioned my motives and demanded information, and although it certainly made my job more difficult, it also demonstrated intelligence and thoroughness. When he urged me to utilize free will, I could tell it was not only for his own benefit — he could see my true nature, crushed beneath thousands of years of obedience. I had freed him from his chains, and it was time for him to release me from mine.
“Yeah, well, that’s not your call.”
Sam and Jack’s footsteps and voices echoed down the hallway as they headed for the kitchen, Jack insisting that he wasn’t hungry. “You need food,” Sam said. “It’s been a long day already…” Sam’s voice faded away to a muffled hum.
“Did you sleep well?” Cas asked.
“How about I sleep in the car? We can park it in the alley right here.”
“Are you saying my mind makes no sense?” Dean said with a mirthless smirk. “Figures.”
Guilt. Another emotion he was previously unacquainted with. It seeped into every cell of his body and pulled him down as though his heart were tethered to the core of the earth. He wanted to go back in time and erase the loneliness and hopelessness and overwhelming responsibility Dean had felt for his entire life. When Castiel was still questioning his feelings for Dean, he briefly wondered whether he was feeling a distorted version of pity, trying to compensate for Dean’s pain by giving him love. Castiel smirked at the memory of that particular hypothesis, which he now recognized as an attempt to shield his own ego. He was an angel. He wanted to justify his feelings with something that would be more acceptable for an angel to feel for a human, and pity was definitely in that category. Even when angels performed miracles on earth, there was never any love in the equation. If they weren’t following orders, they were doing it out of pity.
Suddenly there’s a hand under Dean’s chin, lifting it up, and he’s staring into those chilling blue eyes. It’s now or never.
“Shit. So I’m right? There’s a bunch of super-evolved werewolves and vamps running amok out there?”
Claire gets up and goes to the door, sticking her head out slightly. The talking and laughing is definitely coming from Dean’s room. Dean’s totally cracking up, so something must really be hilarious. She wanders down the hall and thinks about knocking on the door, but then she hears Dean saying, “stop!” in between his laughter, and Cas laughing as well.
“You have a home. With us.” He takes a shaky breath. “With me.”
He wipes his forearm across his mouth. “Get it?”
“Yeah.” Dean shook his head in disbelief. “Yeah, Jack brought you back.”
Dean picked up the newspaper that was laid open on the table. He scanned the headlines for anything unusual, even though he knew they couldn’t hunt with Sam in his condition. He was doing better for now, but it would be too big a risk to put more stress on his system. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, so he turned a few pages and started reading the comics.
Dean shakes his head in amusement. “That’s not exactly food, but you got it.” He gets up and starts getting the ingredients out. “That’s for you, by the way,” he adds as casually as he can, pointing to the package. “For Christmas.”
“Cas, you don’t have to do that. I mean, what if something happens?”
Logically, it makes sense. If she had an issue with it, she probably wouldn’t treat Cas like family.
“It’s freezing out there. Don’t want to get sicker.”
Nine o’clock comes and goes, and Dean feels the familiar anxiety start to prickle. But soon he hears movement coming from the general direction of Cas’ room, and then shuffling footsteps.
“I don’t see any other options.”
“No, but when a spirit is powerful enough – and if this one’s gone vengeful, it might be – it may be able to hide its presence from me.”
“You look awful,” she said. “If you die on my watch, your brother’s gonna kick my ass.”
Dean turns his hand over, palm up, away from the painted wood of the railing. It’s only a slight movement, but Cas doesn’t miss a beat, just slides his hand into Dean’s and says, “Thank you for coming with me.”
It was never particularly surprising to me that I “fell” in such a manner; I am convinced that I have been defective by angel standards from the very beginning, and perhaps the most ungodly thing an angel can do is to love a human the way I love Dean. It has nothing to do with him being a man, as he likes to imply, but rather the fact that my love for him is selfish beyond anything I have ever allowed myself to experience. It has nothing to do with simple admiration for my Father’s creations, as I tried to convince myself in the beginning. It has everything to do with keeping Dean to myself, protecting him at all costs, and showing him the love he deserves. It is a jealous love, with far too much grit and fire and need to possibly be considered holy. And given my predisposition to emotional weakness, falling — and falling in love — was inevitable. I didn’t stand a chance.
“I understand, Dean,” Cas said. “I am sorry for making you uncomfortable.” His tone was sincere, but there was still pain and confusion in his expression that made something in Dean’s stomach tighten.
. Still, Rowena agreed to show up, as she usually did, going on about some sort of favor being owed to her. Castiel could think of very few things he wouldn’t give to save Dean, so he for one had no objections to this deal. There was hesitation in Sam’s voice when he agreed, but also the kind of raw desperation that Cas knew all too well. If anyone else could understand what losing Dean felt like, it was Sam.
Rowena smirked at that. “Ah, yes. Well, we’re beyond all that now, I suppose.”
“I know that other people find you attractive, and that is not a reason for me to get angry. The way she looked at you made me feel something I haven’t felt in a long time.” Cas looked down at his hands, where they were folded on the table, next to his untouched beer. “But just because the nature of our relationship has changed doesn’t mean I’m justified in my reaction.”
“Not quite,” she said, and looked over at the unconscious Dean. “Even with those restraints, an archangel is much too powerful to remove with a single spell. I’ll need Dean’s help.”
Part of him wants to remind Cas that it’s just a bag of candy. That he grabbed it off a shelf in a convenience store and paid less than five bucks for it. He wants to make a joke about how ever since he started falling again, Cas has been all mushy. But it feels too good to hold Cas like this, to see him safe and acting stupidly grateful over a bag of peppermints.
“Hmm?”
A half-smile spread across Dean’s face.
“Only when people are in danger,” Cas said. “It’s an invasion of privacy I don’t need to commit otherwise. Besides, the memories I found in Tammy’s mind are enough to make me think twice before I read someone again.”
He knew that Dean might not be ready to accept that. He clearly had doubts about his worth, regardless of Castiel’s efforts to convince him of its boundlessness. But Cas was a patient being, having lived for millennia with nothing but orders to follow, so he could certainly wait for Dean to feel more comfortable speaking to him about personal matters, especially if it meant enjoying the hunter’s company along the way.
“You’re welcome, Dean.”
Dean sits up in bed and answers, “Yeah?”
Cas seemed to consider this for a moment. “I suppose supernatural beings would not be outside the reaches of evolution. The ones that can escape hunters are more likely to survive. But ghosts do not reproduce, Dean. Your theory only applies to creatures that pass on their genetic material to their offspring.”
Dean didn’t look at him. Cas could see how uncomfortable he was, and backed off immediately. “I’m sorry, you don’t have to – ”
He moved in slowly, dipping his head and pressing their lips together. It was chaste at first, but soon his right hand was cupped around Castiel’s neck, pulling him closer, and their lips moved with more insistence. When they finally pulled apart, they were both panting.
“Because you’re a good person. And you don’t deserve to walk around thinking you’re a bad person.”
Castiel considered not replying, but the frustration he had been holding in for weeks sensed an opportunity for release. “That’s interesting, because you’ve seemed to be avoiding any kind of interaction with me at all recently,” he said without looking up from his book.
“I know you want to help,” Mary says to Jack, “but they’re in charge.” She gestures at Sam, Cas, and Dean. “They just want you to be safe.”
“Charlie, you don’t have to do that. I’m fine. Dean’s being melodramatic.” Even as he spoke, he felt himself getting lightheaded just from sitting up in bed.
“Yes, but you got control. We used the handcuffs. The plan worked. You’re safe, Michael is just… still inside you, somewhere.”
