She is standing on the balcony that connects to the opulent set of rooms they supplied her with when she arrived here with Nighthawk.
John just smiled at this. He wished Sherlock would continue talking. When he spoke the rumble of his voice could be felt moving through his body now that they were pressed together so closely and it made him feel all kinds of nice.
For a letter to arrive so that Molly Hooper's overbearing aunt will leave and young miss Hooper will be left alone at the estate.
Neither of them are talking. The only sound the steady hum of the engine and the sound of the traffic outside, muted by the glass of the window.
I used to have John as 'X' in my contact-list so if anyone were to accidentally get a hold of my phone they wouldn't immediately know I was texting John but since Andrew and I had our last talk about him I've changed it to 'Hot Rugby Guy'.
With the premier of “A Midsummer Night's Dream” getting closer and closer there hardly is any time left for private practice sessions with John.
At least some of the tension that had held his body in a tight grip over the last days left him, but he needed to know more.
I look at my phone and see I've still got about 17 minutes left before John will arrive so I decide to walk a little bit further down the street before heading back.
His horse shifted its weight again as it blew out a large breath through its nose forming another ghost-cloud in the air. John silently patted its neck, trying to calm it. Even the normally warm horse hair underneath his hand felt dead and cold to the touch.
John wasn't sure why but he had really liked it when Sherlock had sat so close to him the last time.
At least the rhythmic motion of it is something else I can concentrate on. Something that's not......
Even though the word had been no louder than a whisper John spun around as if he had been struck by lightning. Thunder in his eyes.
“No, no I haven’t asked, and I don’t plan to. It’s not something I really want to talk about with my new flatmate ‘hey are you playing the violin to try and calm my tortured mind?’” John said, his tone perhaps a shade too bristly to be written off as a joke. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
After the disaster that was his time with Sherlock, John swears never to allow himself to get into that type of situation again. Feelings no longer enter the pictures when it comes to sex. Sure he likes his partners, but he makes it clear that it goes no further than getting each other off. He also makes it a rule that he never has sex with the same person twice, not that he’s ever wanted to. Everyone seems to know that something happened in John’s past, but they never ask, and he never explains. And that’s how he earned his second reputation, the resident heartbreaker.
“You know, this really isn’t how I pictured getting you in my bed for the first time.” He mumbled, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead – seemingly the only part of the beautiful idiot left un-bruised. “Sleep tight, Bumble.” He added before slipping out of the room, leaving the door ajar.
Sherlock didn’t even bother answering; he just scrambled off John’s lap, pulling him up along with him, kissing him thoroughly as they stumbled through the kitchen and down the hallway. They had each other undressed before they’d even made it over the threshold of their bedroom.
“I see. So does this mean I’m no longer ‘Mr. Thursday Night’? I don’t know if I like the sound of ‘Mr. Friday Night.’ It makes me sound like some sort of lothario.”
“Right,” John nodded, walking further into the room and stopping a few paces short of the man. “You know, I’ve got a phone. It’s not that I don’t like the pageantry of all this, but, uh… you could have just phoned me. On my phone. I’m sure you have the number.”
“Yes,” John grinned, and using the hand still on Sherlock’s chin, pulled him into a soft, gentle kiss, “and nothing would make me happier than to share the same hyphenated last name with you.”
And there it was, just like that, all his confidence left him and Sherlock as that strung out twenty-two year old kid again.
His vision blurred, barely able to think straight, Sherlock dropped to his knees and kissed John harder, and with more love than he knew he had in his body. “Yes! Yes, of course, I’ll marry you. Yes!” he said through the kisses.
“We take things slow,” John replied, tangling their fingers together and lifting their joined hands to his lips to once again press a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s hand. “We take our time, and we don’t rush it. We do this right.”
“You are a sarcastic one, aren’t you? I can see now why he’s taken a liking to you.” The man sneered.
Deciding to hold the wedding at the Holmes’ really was the best decision he and Sherlock had made.  The sky was clear, the air was crisp, and the sun was out, leaving the late September afternoon just the right temperature for an outdoor ceremony. They had set up the chairs facing the overflowing garden, and the fall flowers were bright and in full bloom, making for a perfect background before which to get married. John really couldn’t think of a more perfect day, or a more perfect place to start his shared life with the man he loved.
“Sherlock’s lucky to have someone who cares about him like you do.” Dr. Drier smiled, patting John on the shoulder. Sherlock would have been a whole hell of a lot luckier of John had done a better job of actually caring for him. He wanted to kick himself, he should be the one with fractures ribs, covered in bruises.
This was ridiculous, what was he doing here? He was definitely out of place. He should go. Yeah, he should just go home and see what’s on telly, maybe update his pointless blog. He was leaving, he was definitely leaving, he just had to find…
“There has to be something! You can’t possibly be clearing everything on your own.” Sherlock groaned, dropping down hard into one of the office chairs. He needed a case, he couldn’t think about blond, blue-eyed, stubborn soldiers for one more second.
“Imagined all the different ways you could became mine.” John blushed. It was ridiculous, of all the stuff they’d said that evening, all the stuff they’d done, he hardly needed to be embarrassed anymore. “Every time you said something clever or rude, every time you did something amazing, every time you looked at me and smiled or frowned or sighed or rolled your eyes, I thought ‘What if I pull him in to this broom cupboard and steal all that focus for myself?’ or ‘What if after this run, I just follow him in to the shower?’ or ‘What if the next time he hears me having a nightmare, instead of playing the violin, he comes upstairs and makes me forget everything that isn’t him?’ Almost every night, I dreamed about it, but I have to say,” he added with a self-deprecating laugh, “a race home to snog on the couch w –”
“Don't say you're sorry”, he says. His eyes shoot fire. He might be cold on the outside but he's burning up from the inside out.
Neither of them speak for a moment. They just look up at the moon as they lean back on their hands and stare up at the sky.
Mary was finally starting to get up from the ground too now and as she shook the dirt from her skirt a bit too violently she said: 'it's just not normal for the lord of the house to spend so much time with a stable-hand, that's all........people might talk.'
Not long after ringing the bell the door was opened by a small elderly woman. She had a fragile frame, but somehow held herself with an authoritarian air. Her gray hair was gathered in a tight bun at the top of her head and she wore a dark dress and a pristine white apron. A small smile lay on her lips. John fumbled in his pockets for the letter of recommendation Mike had given him so the household could make sure he was who he said he was, but the woman seemed to be one step ahead of him already. 'You must be John Watson', she said in a jovial tone.
“Sssssh......it's fine.......it's all fine”,  he finds he keeps saying this but at the moment it's all he can think of to say.
Somehow he had been almost certain Sherlock would be here. He had not given much thought as to what he would do in the case he wasn't. The scenario too lonely and hopeless for his mind to dwell upon.
And as his memories of the previous days come back to his waking mind he finds himself feeling very grateful that, apparently, Holmes has already gotten up and is no longer in the small inn-room that they now seem to share.
John lives right across the street. They are bound to bump into each other at some point. Maybe John will even try and come over again.
Both animals are far more used to being ridden than drawing carriages and it shows. They seem to be anxious as they chomp at their bits, swish their tails around agitatedly and paw at the flooring beneath.
With the sun now sinking low behind the horizon he has to hold the paper close to a lit candle to be able to make out what it actually says.
'Perhaps', Holmes had said and he had snapped his fingers and as he did so a small flame had formed at the tips of them.
“It was one of the last places he marked on his maps before he disappeared....maybe it's the last place he went......I don't know......”
All of a sudden he is startled out of his daydream about John, juice-boxes and something about his lower lip when he realizes that John has spotted him.
I still find it hard to speak around you sometimes. Afraid that I will break some sort of fragile spell if I do or manage to wake myself up from this most blissful and perfect dream.
Holmes finally turns towards him then. Smile now firmly on his face and a twinkle once again in his eyes. Once again John feels his skin tingle but the sensation is quite the opposite of what he has been experiencing throughout the day. This time it's a warm and pleasant thing instead of something cold and unwelcome.
Their small blue petals sticking out defiantly amidst the white frost tipped vegetation around them.
“Watson can hear everything we have to say”, he says, “I promised him I would tell him everything if you lived. And look! You're alive!”
And so she sits in her bedroom until the room goes dark around her and colours and light die and make way for the blackness of sombre night.
The school he goes to has a program where students travel across Europe to stay for a couple of weeks at a random, foreign family's house to work there, learn the language and learn more about the culture.
That he is still a child and his father is still alive and misery and heartache are still words he has no meaning for.
'Come on then', he said as he extended his hand towards the animal, 'I bet you could use a wee drink too.'
“Not in the least”, he replies. The thought of what might happen tomorrow frightens him more than he can put into words right now.
I have no idea if she knows that's what they call her and I'm starting to wonder if I, perhaps, should have told her before I dragged her into this whole mess.
Holmes is made out of magic. It inhabits his veins, his lungs, every cell of his body radiates a power only barely kept at bay.
She leaves the medallion on and as soon as her head hits the pillow she is fast asleep and dreams of nothing.
They had been sitting side by side, their backs against the trunk of a large apple tree, and it had reminded John of that time, only months ago but somehow it seemed like years to him, where they had sat side by side in the stable doors with a blanket over their knees and a warm cup of tea in their hands. This had been before he had met Master Holmes. Before he had turned John's life completely upside down. Made it interesting again. Made him feel alive again.
A smile spreads across his face and there is a hint of light in the depths of his ocean eyes and he starts walking just a little bit faster.
Sherlock looks at the card again and, indeed, where he had thought there had been the shape of a black bird circling the head of the king on the card there now is nothing.
Watson's lips have moved away from his mouth, a spit-slicked trail leads from its corner to the side of his neck where Watson's quick panting breaths can be felt against his skin.
Whenever that happens Sherlock usually tries to comfort him, calm him down, he'll talk to him, stroke his face and his hair, it only seems to work half of the time. The other half Watson usually wakes himself up screaming......or, one time, crying.
It's an old Dodge pickup truck. It used to be red but the color has faded over the years and on certain spots the paint has actually peeled off. Showing the rusty metal underneath.
“Well”, Finn continues, “I'd rather be searching while there is nothing there than not be searching and have the likes of Morgana find it.”
It's been so long since he's had a lazy morning of lying in and just sharing time together with Mary.
And so he peers carefully around every corner before he rounds it and makes sure to place his feet slowly and carefully.
The position of his arm makes his shirt ride up and a sliver of his abdomen can be seen just above his belt.
And if losing his own happiness means John will regain his that is a sacrifice he is more than willing to make.
“You cannot be here!”, John says again, a little bit louder this time. This time a girl in a short skirt and far too much make-up gives him an annoyed look but she quickly goes back to dancing again.
How unfair was it that Bill got to spend all this time with John while he had to sit in his room all alone.
On that note: in chapters to come: intrigue, magic, mystery, romance and later on smut. But all done in good taste, of course.
“He goes beyond the Veil not to protect us or to look for clues about the weapon that could save us all if the Veil does break......he's looking for his brother.”
She has no doubt she will get out of here at some point. She has used Holmes' magic against him before and she will do it again. All she needs is for him to use a spell. Just a small one. She can already feel the beginnings of one just on the other side of the darkness around her.
Sherlock is at home. He's locked himself in the bathroom and he's looking at himself in the mirror with a critical eye.
So close to getting back into Holmes' mind. Close to devouring him piece by piece. She's never tasted anything as sweet as his thoughts. It must be because there is always a hint of sadness and despair that clings to them.
The curve of his back and the feel of his spine under John's hands as he arches off the bed in ecstasy. How his pupils will flood the blue of his eyes when he's right there. Drawing John in. Making him forget....everything....drowning him in pleasure......
“He knew my name”, Sherlock replies. Not really an answer to anything she has said but Molly knows what he means. It makes her blood run cold.
“There are more kinds of love”, John says, “he loves you like a brother....he cares for you.....and so ….when you got hurt.....he did everything in his power to try and save you.....there are people who care about you, Holmes....who love you.”
Once again the sky outside is filled with a flash of blinding light and the walls around them creak and moan in the onslaught of the raging storm.
John's gentle fingers find their way underneath Sherlock's shirt and come to rest on the bare skin of his waist.
He tightened his grip on the reins, his cold fingers stiff and cramping in protest after having been exposed to the winter-air for so long.
Suddenly she had grabbed him by the arm and slung it around her waist as she swayed from side to side. 'Dance with me, John!'
It gives me something to do and it helps me keep my mind off of John and the fact that he hasn't really tried talking to me again in about 4 days.
John just shrugged his shoulders. He didn't really feel like talking tonight, but Mary knew him well.
He finds the weight of the jacket on his shoulders, chest and arms comforts him whenever he feels like this.
Across the table from him Sherlock gives an amused snort and John tries to shush him as quietly as he can. He also can't help but smile.
“Don't forget to meet me in a month for our patrol of the Shadow Lands”, he says, “there has been some unusual activity up North.”
“Come on”, the dark man hisses again, “I do not have all night. The King is waiting for you, Hooper. He told me he wants to do the honours of killing you himself.”
With a smile of his own as an answer he just nodded and let himself sink back into the  grass underneath.
Finn has left. The fire is going down and they are both standing in the room. Neither of them dares to look at the one and only bed.
“It is a little bit”, John's tone is playful and soft and Sherlock simultaneously wishes they were and weren't sitting as close as they are now.
he thought as his eyes scanned the group of riders before him, but all he could see were their cloaked backs. Effectively hiding any features that might hint to him which one of these figures was Sherlock.
John shifted nervously where he was seated on his bed. He had been reading a book on fairy-lore. It had been quite good. He had just reached a story about a magician who had managed to catch a fairy-king by turning him into a crow with a magical cage. All was not as it seemed though and the fairy-king was about to turn the tables on him by some kind of devilish trickery.
Once again he is reminded of flooded black pupils and he wonders if he has misinterpreted their meaning entirely.
'There you go, sir', he groaned, 'my name is John Watson. I'm the new stableman. I was hired in your lordships absence....sir',  he added.
Until that day the fact that his brother is 'gone' will be as hollow and empty as the casket that bears his brother's name.
“What about your side? I noticed your carrying your bag on the left, is it still bothering you?” John asked. Sherlock could be as stubborn as he wanted, that wasn’t going to stop John from his duty. Whatever that duty was, John wasn’t quite sure, but he didn’t bother thinking too hard about it.
Since the end of the formal physical therapy sessions with Heather, John had seemed to take it upon himself to ensure Sherlock did not back slide in his recovery. First thing each morning he had Sherlock do his stretches, then two repeats of the exercises, then depending what they did that day, he did another round of exercises around lunch time – John insisted he actually eat lunch as well – finally he had to do two more rounds and cool down stretches in the evening. Normally Sherlock would have taken issue with anyone telling him what to do and when like that, but it was John, and he looked genuinely happy when Sherlock complied, so comply Sherlock did. Within the first week the cane was no longer needed, and as time wore on, Sherlock’s limp became less and less noticeable. Sherlock started accompanying John to Regent’s Park, first on walks, then jogs, and then eventually actual runs. It was because of these runs – which he only did as part of his recovery, and absolutely not because of the way John looked in his running shorts and t-shirt, or because of what the wind did to John’s hair, absolutely not – that Sherlock came to the realization that John was an utter, hateful bastard.
“Yeah, something like that would work.” John said, sitting up straight so he was properly facing Sherlock. “And you’d have keep up the façade even after the necklace was sold. Better yet, takeout several boxes.”
“That has got to be the most ridiculous thing I have ever done in my entire life!” John laughed as he and Sherlock collapse together onto a bench just outside the main entrance.
“Alright then, read me.” John said, quirking one corner of his mouth. Sherlock may have had the tall, deep voice, sexy thing going for him, but John was going to give as good as he got. He didn’t get the nickname ‘Three Continents Watson’ for nothing after all.
John was gone, John was gone and Sherlock couldn’t go on, he had nothing left. Oh god. Oh god. Please, god. John.
“It’s a little early, but I’m pretty sure I’m going to continue on with pathology. Play to my strengths, right?” she laughs. “I hope I can get into a program here in London, with Greg here with at the Met and all.”
“I’m in one hundred percent, too.” He whispered when they came up for air. It should frighten him, wanting to give himself over completely to another human being, to care for and be cared for by someone else, but it didn’t. It was John, and John was… everything.
Sherlock knew they were in no real condition, and nowhere in the right state of mind, but John slid a knee between his legs, and Sherlock couldn’t stop himself; their bodies moved together, worked together, Sherlock never wanted anything more. Letting out a whimper, Sherlock ground down against John’s thigh, and rocking himself up to meet John’s hips, he found John to be in much the same desperate state.
“I’ve noticed a far few things about you too, would you like me to pester you about them?” Sherlock said, taking a step forward, using every inch of height to his advantage as he stared daggers down at John. “How is your mother dealing without her little peacekeeper around? She must have felt spoiled having you around all summer. Well, I say all summer, but really just when you weren’t at work or kicking a football around like a child.”
John has to admit, even thought it is incredibly stupid, it is one of the most exciting things he’s ever done. Exciting and exhausting. Cars are not the most comfortable places in which to sleep. After they take the car back, they return to John’s flat. Sherlock is still talking a mile a minute about the case, and though John is dead on his feet, he could never bring himself to stop Sherlock when he’s so alive. After microwaving some leftovers, John collapses next to Sherlock. Finally, after about a half hour of dissecting the case, and the adrenaline has warn off, Sherlock decides there’s something else he’d like to be doing with his mouth, and starts to kiss John. Evidently the case has tired Sherlock out more than he let on and the kisses turn slow and sleepy, and soon they stop all together as both boys would rather sleep. John wakes a few hours later, still tangled together with Sherlock. It’s still the middle of the night, so he gently rouses Sherlock, and they shuffle to John’s much more comfortable bed to sleep till morning.
“Good, good.” Sherlock looked away, the half-smile blooming into a full one. “There’s actually a documentary going to be on that I had hoped to watch; do you mind?”
“Six years ago today, on the night we got together, I told you that I wanted us to be ‘one hundred percent,’ and for these past six years, I have given you everything, and I know you have given me everything too. But now I want to give you more, I want more. I want these past six years to translate into all our years, into forever.
“You’re my first too – my first doing this – I’m sure – Please, I’m ready – Please don’t stop – I want this – I want you.” Sherlock said, kissing John soundly over and over again, and pressing a little foil packet into his hand.
“Good, now watch.” Almost immediately all three cameras turn to point in opposite directions, away from the box, away from John.
(Side note: Since learning Sherlock has a "normal" first name, I always wondered if Mycroft does too. So of course I thought it would be hilarious if he real first name was Michael, which makes Mrs. Holmes calling him 'Myc' even better.)
“If you want to be picturesque about it, yes. If you’re amenable, or course.” Sherlock adds before latching on to the juncture between John’s jaw and ear.
After explaining that Mr. Jackson Mccullough’s future sister-in-law – the head fermentation microbiologist at Brackwell Family Press Cider – started sending increasingly disturbing letters in hopes of putting a stop to the wedding after she discovered Jackson was sleeping with his trainer – and chemist and mechanic – Sherlock sprawled himself across the two spare chairs across from John, while John turned his attention back to his laptop.
“She was clearly an idiot, John.” Sherlock nodded, as if that settled the matter once and for all. “I’d say you dodged a bullet with that one, if you’ll pardon the phrase.”
“Of course I’ll still come with you. Can’t have you slacking, now can we.” He said, this time the smile was far more genuine.
John was a genius. John was an utter genius, and Sherlock… John was an utter genius. Sherlock was sat in the back seat of an unmarked police car because John was an utter genius.
“Not so fast brother mine.” Mycroft said, halting Sherlock just as he was about to get through the door and away. “I’d very much like to hear about your little weekend mini-break. How was…
“In fact I was not.” Sherlock frowned, actually sounding offended. “I was just about to tell him he would have to wait here until the storm clears.”
“Have you finished the analysis questions on this week’s lab yet?” came the soft voice of Molly Hooper, Sherlock’s bench mate in lab, and the only other half-way competent student in class.
“Ha – um – yes.” Sherlock hummed clearing his throat and turning to Lestrade. “I’m sure when you question Emily, she’ll tell you just that. She felt betrayed by someone she trusted and to who she looked up; she felt she was made a tangential member of her own family. The things she stole belonged to her family, a family she was denied knowledge of, and she felt she was owed that much. And honestly, she only stole a portion of the heirlooms, what should have been her share all things being equal, which is rather reasonable in my opinion.”
Probably sensing the movement, McCall’s head turned. For a few seconds he remained motionless, his eyes locked on Sherlock, then, as expected, he took off running. Running at a full sprint, McCall was fast, incredibly fast, but Sherlock knew that he was faster, that he could catch the jewel thief stroke accidental murderer, he knew he would catch him.
“NO! John, wake up! Please wake up!... HELP! WE’RE DOWN HERE! ANYBODY! HELP! HELP US!” Sherlock’s voice was already cracking, his weakened state, and the dehydration taking their toll.
Sherlock tried to focus on recording every feeling, not wanting to forget even the smallest sensation, but then John’s hold tightened, his head tilted, and Sherlock felt his lips parted as the kiss deepened. It was all Sherlock could do to keep his knees from buckling. The brush of John’s lips, the subtle graze of teeth, and the gentle sweep of tongue, was better than anything Sherlock could have imagined because it was real. He gladly relinquished control, and allowed himself to melt into the kiss, into John’s kiss. Whether or not he moaned into said kiss, was and will forever remain, up for debate.
“Really? And how do you mean it?” John asked, running a hand up Sherlock’s back and earning himself a shiver.
“Well you said nobody wants you to come, and I want you to come, so A plus B equals I must be nobody.”
“Coming back to your flat was definitely the right choice. The amenities are way better here than at my place.” John smiled, and Sherlock felt as if his heart skipped a beat, or several.
“Yes, you were far too interested in that drama program you watched last week, the one about the Regency gentleman’s sea voyage. Your eyes dilated and your breathing quickened during certain parts where a strictly heterosexual man’s wouldn’t.”
“He is still intibated, and remains on a ventilator.” Dr. Cook continued. “I want you to be prepared; it’s going to look a lot worse than it really is.”
"Yes, relax. And finally, what’s this about you not having your work? That you’re useless? Lestrade’s brought you at least five cases so far to work on, and I’m sure there will be more coming soon.”
“Nonsense, they’ll never notice.” Unfortunately for Sherlock one of the officers does notice, and the two have to make a run for it.
The sound of Sherlock’s stomach grumbling was enough to make John break the kiss. “Was that…” he started, clearly trying to fight off a giggle.
John watched as Sherlock disappeared towards the residences before turning to head for his bus stop. For the first time in nearly two and a half years, John was excited for the weekend, and it had nothing to do with playing football or doing something with his football mates. It was going to be great seeing Sherlock outside of lessons, academic or self-defense related. Hearing Sherlock’s police stories were going to be… well John couldn’t wait.
For the rest of the evening, Sherlock forced himself to focus on his laptop and his latest blog post on the variations in soil acidity across south western England, and not on John, who had changed back into his regular clothes. The blog post did not get written. And later that night, once Sherlock had retired to his room, he lay in bed, and the image of John in that suit came back in full force.
“Yes, John.” She sounded exasperated, but took his hand anyway, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “Ever since that fiasco last year, you’ve been so guarded, refusing to take any sort of risk because you’re convinced it’ll all happen again. So when this
Even if it was the smaller room, the upstairs bedroom more than worked for John. There was a full sized bed flanked by two bedside tables, a large wardrobe, an empty bookshelf, a decent sized desk, and a large window overlooking Baker Street.
Sherlock grew quiet again, a small crease forming as he furrowed his brow. John didn’t want to move, didn’t want to say anything to disturb him, so he sat and waited and watched. He watched Sherlock think, as his words and arguments pinballed around Sherlock’s brain along whatever pathway in whatever patterns thoughts took in his funny, amazing head.  Sherlock would do the right thing, John knew it – knew Sherlock – and John would be there beside him every step of the way. No matter what, no matter how long, John would be there.
John shook his head, and still chuckling, pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. “What did I say, absolutely ridiculous. Whether I was seven, seventeen, twenty-seven, or thirty-seven years old, I would have found you. Nothing on Earth could possibly keep you away from me. The two of us against the rest of the world, it’s destiny, remember? You and me, we’re destiny.”
“I don’t know about amazing,” Sherlock mumbled, the most endearing blush coloring his cheeks, “but yes, I’ve recently discovered that I do have one. That don’t mean I have any idea how it works, however. You’re the one who knows how this stuff is supposed to go.”
“Well I feel a little foolish, I haven't asked you what you do for a living." John explained, bypassing the red chair, to join Sherlock on the couch. "You’re clearly not a handyman of any sort, so what is it you do with your amazing observational powers? Are you a spy or something fantastic like that?”
“It’s what I’m here for.” John chuckled softly, daring to briefly tighten his hold. “It’s getting late, we should probably get some sleep, be fresh and ready for everything tomorrow, or I guess technically today.” He said, moving – reluctantly – to untangle himself.
“I owe you?” Sherlock gaped, his eyes wide. Even when affronted, Sherlock was adorable. “I’m pretty sure in an effort to get me to celebrate my birthday, you agreed to do ‘whatever I wanted.’”
“Careful with that tone, Son” His daddy admonished. “It’s best because you’re only six years old, and four years is way too big of a leap at this age. One year is enough.”
“You can’t possibly expect me to stay inside!” Sherlock huffed, limping into the kitchen after John.
“Oh, I think I have some idea,” John replied, a small part of him still unable to believe what he was hearing, “because for the last three months, every time I’ve so much as looked at you I’ve imagined what it would be like to grab you and kiss that ridiculously posh mouth of yours until you’re out of ridiculously posh breath.” Feeling unbelievably bold, John punctuated his point by running his thumb along Sherlock’s plush bottom lip.
“Oh… right.” John glanced down at his hand to find his phone clutched tight in his fist. “Listen, I, uh, I don’t know when I’ll be back. I’ll… I’ll try to call or text or something, later. I have to go.” Christ, what was he still doing here, Sherlock needed him.
Laughing to himself, John kept an eye on Sherlock’s progress nonetheless, somethings were just hardwired into him. Life at 221B might just be fun after all, at the very least, he had a feeling he’d never be bored.
“Alright, up you get,” John said, lifting Sherlock’s leg up just enough to slide off the couch and stand up.
They sit for a while longer, and when the light begins to grow dusky, they parted ways with one last kiss, until Saturday.
They were already well past the point of no return. “I don’t want to go back.” Sherlock mumbled against the skin of John’s jaw. “I can’t go back.” John hadn’t shaved and the scrap of his stubble against Sherlock’s mouth was like ecstasy.
“Yes, oh Jesus, yes!” Sherlock pants “Do it again, HARDER!” lifting his hips to meet John’s, taking  him in even deeper. Taking this as his queue, John begins to pull out and sink back in. John’s thrust getting harder and faster, until he pulls out almost completely, then burying himself to the hilt in Sherlock. Each thrust eliciting moans from both John and Sherlock, interrupting their heated kissing to the point they were simply panting and groaning into each other’s open mouths. This goes on for a while, John sinking into Sherlock, and John can feel the tension building in both himself and Sherlock.
Quickly he untied his horse, swung himself in the saddle, his sore limbs, muscles and backside protesting with a sharp pang, and made his way through the trees, back to Carterhaugh.
John almost thought he could feel the faint brush of lips on the top of his head, but he was pretty sure it was just his imagination running wild.
One of these days she will kill him....after he has served his purpose........but not yet.......the King says he still needs him and so she keeps him alive.
I feel in control. I feel powerful. I feel like nothing matters but the here and now and him and me and I am almost able to forget everything else.
Finally Sherlock is able to raise up his own useless hands and tries to make work of the buttons that lay between him and John's own naked skin.
What if something has happened to him....like last time.....when Finn came to get him and he found him just barely clinging on to life.
“I...”, he says again. He doesn't know what to say. A feeling of dread creeps over him that is almost the exact opposite of the feeling of contentment that had filled him when he had been standing here alone.
So now we are left with this...'thing' that might or might not have meant anything and is left without an end because I lied to him and told him I wasn't leaving for another two days while in fact I was leaving for home that night.
Gently Sherlock pushed him away from his shoulder and involuntarily John shivered again as the warm body of his friend left him. Sherlock got up carefully. Making sure he did not fall over in the moving bus and started taking off his coat. Underneath he was wearing the same purple shirt John had seen him wearing the second time they met at the library. It was a good look on him he thought, somewhere through the haze of his sleepy and drunken mind.
Floating somewhere in the depths of space and time with nothing but Holmes' grasping hands for an anchor.
The final rays of light from the setting sun filter into the windows of the airport bathing it and its inhabitants in an almost golden light.
Sherlock can't help but smile just a little. He feels like now is as good a time as any to ask John what he wants to know. Here in the darkness of his bedroom before he'll never get to talk to him again but he doesn't quite know how to say it so instead he asks:
'Nah, sorry', John replied as he shook his head and tried to stuff his dirty gear in his backpack without having to fold it first. 'I have somewhere I need to be.'
Maybe he should go through security.....at least it will get him away from Mycroft and the sad pitying looks he's been throwing him ever since they got out of the car.
'John....' he said again. The sound of his own name had never sounded so sweet and he grabbed onto Sherlock with both hands, burying his nose in the crook of his neck where his scent was most pronounced and inhaled sharply.
'You were supposed to wait for me at the school entrance, young man', his mother said as soon as she reached them. Her voice high and loud. As it always was when John was in deep, deep trouble. 'I have been looking all over for......' it was then that she suddenly noticed Sherlock standing there. His hair mussed up, face flushed, lips swollen from kissing John, his shirt untucked, partly open around the neck where the beginnings of some phenomenal hickeys could be soon. John was all too aware of what this looked like and he wished he could turn back time. Go back to when they were still together in the shed. When it had seemed they were the only two people in the world. God only knew what kind of wrath his mother would rain down upon them now.
He did not have long to think about it though, because Finn had spurred on his horse and was quickly making his way towards the horizon. The rising sun shining brilliantly off of his horse's mane and tail as the wind caught them.
I finish my bowl anyway, put it in the sink, decide to wash it and put it away for good measure, sit down on the sofa and turn on the tv.
He's pretty sure Mycroft probably thinks he's being very threatening at the moment but John has had this conversation before. Mary's father had given it to him too when he first had started dating Mary.
John gives him a small smile as he rubs the back of his neck. His shirt rides up a little as he does so exposing a small bit of his abdomen and Sherlock does his very best not to stare at it...and fails miserably.
Once again there's a smile on Sherlock's face and once again John's stomach does a little flip. He might actually be sick.
I look up at him and he is giving me another smile. It's the one I love most. The one with the dimple and all these promises just barely hidden beneath the surface.
The relationship between Holmes and Watson will develop in the next chapters. There is room for it now. After all. They've got this inn-room with only one bed....*gasp*
He should really try and sleep at least. He needed his wits about him come morning. Keep a close eye on Holmes and try and figure out some part of the mystery that surrounded him.
Apologies for the shorter chapter but I had to go in to my actual work 6 days this week. My writing time is limited at the moment.
'I'm sure Holmes would not want you to lose your job while you're taking care of him. At least......I don't think he would want that.......he's not really been conscious enough to ask......anyway.......show this to Lady Holmes and she'll feel obligated to give you a week off at least to attend the funeral.
And for a moment he had been able to see both books at the same time and it had excited, confused and frightened him all at once.
If he were to tell her he was sleeping with a man he was already certain what her next question would be.
Mycroft adds a couple of shooting stars and Sherlock giggles as they shoot past and one of them nestles itself in his dark mop of hair.
And was that really the heart of the matter? Was Sherlock so unused to having a friend that he didn't know how to handle having one?
To John, somehow, the library feels far too small today. He needs to think. Get his thoughts in order. Find out what, if anything exactly has changed between him and Sherlock and he finds he cannot do so with Sherlock sitting so close.
I still can't look at him. I look down at my hands and my already imperfect and chipped nail-polish and I nod.
A chuckle from the other end of the line. It warms Sherlock's heart. It feels nice. It feels amazing. His chest has been cold for so long.
For some reason he thinks that hiding John at Holmes Manor is the best solution to all of this and he is not open to any other options in the slightest.
I take in great big gulps of air and I only realize I'm crying again when my mother wipes the tears from my face.
Watson lets out another small laugh as he shakes his head on the pillow. Then he closes his eyes and within minutes his breathing evens out.
John goes to numerous parties. Sherlock should know. He used to follow him around to said parties....that  is...until “The Incident” happened. He wills himself not to think on “The Incident”. Not right now. Not now that John is sitting right in front of him, talking about parties, looking at him expectantly.
Apart from his shoes John is still wearing pretty much all of his clothes and he has positioned himself on top of the covers instead of under them with Sherlock.
“What does it say?” he asks as Holmes folds open the paper. For a couple of minutes Holmes' eyes scan the words, written in a very curvy handwriting as far as John can tell from his position, and then he replies:
He is not expecting anybody this late in the evening. Maybe it's Mary.....but she hasn't even so much as looked at him ever since Mrs. Hudson caught them red-handed outside of Holmes' room.
We'll get kicked out as soon as we arrive.......for not being cool enough probably......or something like that.
'It's.....not',  Johns words soft now and hard to make out in between the uncontrollable sobbing. 'It's not.....I hate this, Sherlock.....It's not fair.'
But then he remembers.....he remembers Mycroft with a sword, smiling, shining, tall and elegant, in his element.....truly himself......happy.
John is still not buying any of this. He knows Sebastian too well. There's always something. A catch. But he also knows that by simply studying on his own he will never pass the test. In the end....what does he really have to lose...
His eyes are nothing but pupil, his breathing is erratic and his hair is a tangled mess as if he has been running his hands through it constantly for a while now.
It was barely burning. He didn't like the heat but he needed the light of an open flame to get the spell working right.
The sound of the barn doors slamming open had John sitting upright in his bed. He was sure he'd properly secured and locked those doors....hadn't he?
Sherlock wants to say something else. Something biting. Something with icy cold teeth. Something that will shock John and convince him to stop this charade and let Sherlock out.
A few of the boys who were standing close enough to overhear the conversation laughed, but Sebastian wasn't letting him go that easily.
He did not take much with him. Too much baggage would weigh him down, make his movements more cumbersome and increase the risk of him being caught.
Watson's calm words did not seem to persuade Holmes even a single bit and even Watson's patience seemed to be wearing thin at this point.
He knows she watches him. Through the cracks in the walls. From time to time he can see the brightness of her eye.
“I'm tired of waiting”, John says, because he is. Strange and fantastic things are happening around him that he has trouble wrapping his head around and he is loving every second of it. He feels as if he has finally woken up from a very long sleep. He is filled with energy and all that energy needs to go somewhere. If he sits around for too long he is afraid he will spontaneously combust or he will end up tearing himself to pieces.
“Freeing, interesting word choice. You no longer feel trapped, having to hide how your time over their changed you.”
Neither spoke again after that, they just sat in silence, waiting for news. John was not a religious man, he had stopped going to church when he was about ten years old, he never saw the logic behind the existence of any sort of god, and he had seen too many senseless atrocities in his life to believe there was any higher power. But as he sat there, waiting as the fate of the man he loved hung in the balance, John prayed to any deity who would listen, for Sherlock to pull through, for Sherlock to come back to him.
The music and the other dancers soon faded into the background, and the world narrow to just John and Sherlock moving together as one. He couldn’t say who it was who actually initiated it, but suddenly John’s mouth was on Sherlock’s, his tongue sweeping that plush bottom lip before sucking it between his own, biting down just enough to illicit a deep, throaty moan from the man wrapped around him, the sound shooting straight through him. He released Sherlock’s bottom lip, only to lick along Sherlock’s defined Cupid’s bow before Sherlock took control and deepened the kiss, his tongue parting John’s lips to dip into his mouth.
“Sorry I’m late.” John’s head snapped up at the sound of Sherlock’s voice coming from the doorway to find him standing there, cheeks pink – why he insisted on wearing a wool coat in the middle of May was anyone’s guess – eyes shining, a grin spread across his face. Dear God, that man was gorgeous.
“Exactly! Why are you wearing clothes?” Sherlock both looked and sounded horrified. “When you got up to go into the bathroom, I thought you were just going to wash up from your wake-up call, not to get dressed!”
“They’re friends of mine from university,” John said, walking into the sitting room. “It’s their twentieth wedding anniversary. I was Andrew’s best man, I actually introduced them.”
“John,” Sherlock flushed – once again from both arousal and embarrassment – John really shouldn’t be able to make him blush like this anymore, “we haven’t changed our names yet, we haven’t even started the application process.”
“Oi! He doesn’t have to prove himself to you lot.” John laughed warningly, wrapping a possessive arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him flush against his side. “Sherlock is more than romantic when it counts.”
Once the physical therapist started her session with Sherlock, John went down to the canteen for something to eat, so it wasn’t until one of the nurses popped her head in to tell him that visiting hours were ending, that John got up to actually leave for the evening. The physical therapist’s visit seemed to drain some of Sherlock’s energy – though when asked, he denied it – so they didn’t talk as much, and ended up watching a little telly.
“What?” Jack asked, turning back around, his brows slightly furrowed, and a curious quirk to his mouth. The way the light from outside hit him, playing across his face and his chest… Sherlock felt that all too familiar feeling in his gut, like his stomach was simultaneously tied in knots and doing somersaults. Jack was beautiful, he was perfect, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
“Constable with Scotland Yard, he sometimes calls whe –” But Sherlock stopped talking, his eyes wide as if he’d just said something he wasn’t supposed to.
The only thing I love more than Johnlock happy and in love, is hearing from you guys, whatever that may be!
Things soon grew quiet, John was jotting down notes of some sort – obviously for when he wrote up the case for the blog – and Lestrade kept staring out the window, not even looking away as he reached into a bag of crisps over and over. Sherlock was just feeling himself start to go stir crazy from the wait, when DI’s phone pinged with a text.
“Turn over,” he growled, and then not waiting for a response, pulled out and flipped Jack onto his back. “I want to see your face. I want to see your face when I… when you…”
“Don’t… don’t think so.” The man’s cough was getting worse, his voice was getting weaker, his eyes started losing focus.
“Before deciding to take this investigation further, Mrs. Rachlin, I believe you’re going to want to speak with your step-daughter.” Sherlock said once he had apparently heard enough.
“Nonsense, I want too.” Theo smirked. Had he always been so smarmy? “So, your partner, eh? I had heard something through the Uni grapevine you still do that little prying into people’s lives trick, and were some sort of amateur detective now. Didn’t take you for type to work with a partner, though. Guess you need a buffer to keep you away from the normal people, yeah?” Theo’s laugh cut through Sherlock, just like it did all those years ago…
people. He deliberately ignored the pointed look John was giving him behind the therapist’s back. “Just tell me what we have to do, and when we can get started.”
“Well I’m older,” John smirked, nipping at Sherlock’s jaw before moving to drop kiss after kiss to his lips, “and you – my love – my lovely – my perfect – my silly Bumble – are without a doubt – an absolute – beauty.”
John just ignored her. It didn’t matter, it didn’t matter that they fought; it didn’t matter if they broke up or were in limbo, those months away didn’t matter. None of it mattered. All John could think about was that Sherlock was hurt, and he wasn’t with him. He needed to get to Sherlock.
“Oh, yeah sure. Didn’t think you were serious. No one ever wants to go.” A baffled Sherlock says, fumbling for his phone
– passed in near absolute silence. The closer they got to Baker Street, the tenser John felt, not knowing exactly what was going to happen, what he was going to say, what he was going to do, when they finally reached the flat. It didn’t help matters that when they arrived and Sherlock parked – miraculously there was a spot right in front of their door – he was out of the car and into the building before John had even opened his door.
“No.” Lestrade said, ever the stern DI. “He cares, and he knows John better than anyone. Don’t argue. He can help. Come on, Sherlock.”
“And yet you’re still standing here.” John said, raising an eyebrow as if in challenge. “Listen, I don’t have class for another two hours, and clearly you’re in no rush, just take five minutes to tell me what’s happening. I think it’s pretty clear by now that I’m not going to let this go.”
John sounded nervous; John looked nervous. Was he actually asking Sherlock his permission to take someone to the party? If he was, then the answer was no. No, no no. No, John was not allowed to take anyone anywhere. John was not allowed to leave Sherlock again.
The reception lasted well past sunset; everyone danced – Mrs. Holmes requested several with her ‘wonderful new son’ – talked, laughed, and ate – and drank – celebrating the happy couple, until finally John noticed Sherlock had had enough, and it was time for them to go.
“That’s one word for it. You’re five minutes late, I was starting to think you’d forgotten or something.”
And there was the body, laid out on the table, a thin white sheet covering half of his frail looking frame. Sherlock approached the table slowly, heart racing, unable to breath, moving on autopilot. Steeling himself, Sherlock looked down at the blond, and his legs immediately gave out, leaving him crumpled on the sterile floor.
Lestrade had apparently called in a forensics team when Mr. Watson gave his permission for them to search John’s room, so Sherlock could only look. Evans slipped him a pair of gloves anyway. As he moved through the room, things immediately started popping out at him. The clothes John was wearing that night were in his hamper. What would be the point of changing clothes if he were planning to run away? And while some of John’s clothes were missing, as Sherlock noticed the day before, all John’s shoes were still there. Whoever took him was careful about everything, they wouldn’t have made such a stupid mistake. The shoes meant something; the kidnappers were sending some sort of message.
John had to remind himself to breathe. In the two weeks since he’d last seen him, John actually managed to forget how gorgeous Sherlock was. His cheeks were pink thanks to the cold February air, which only highlighted those sharp cheekbones. His full lips looked redder, as if he had been biting them. His eyes were bright and clear, but also nervous. And his clothes; when before he’d only seen Sherlock in club attire, or his pajamas – or nothing at all – now John could see Sherlock wore a spotless, perfectly tailored suit beneath his long wool coat. An aubergine shirt stretched across his chest, his trousers hugged his narrow hips and fell in a clean line down his long legs, and the suit jacket fit perfectly to show off his trim waist. Sherlock looked like he belonged on a catwalk, or in a museum behind velvet ropes, not standing on the dirty, wet pavement outside of John’s flat.
For a moment he thinks he hears the flapping of birds wings but as he considers it again he finds it is only the sound of branches scraping against the outer walls of the house.
“Live and let live, that's what I always say”, the older woman continues, knowing smile still on her face.
Suddenly the smug look on Holmes face was gone, 'I didn't mean...' he stammered, it was surprisingly endearing, 'not as a bribe....it's just that. I have no need for another horse.'
More voices can be heard from the background and although he cannot make out the words he swears one of them is Bill's.
John felt his cheeks flush. Mary had been a good friend, but the more he thought about their interactions the more he was starting to fear he had been leading her on without realizing it. He just always had a hard time figuring out how people felt about him. Even with James it had taken him an exceptionally long time to fully see what was going on. Not wanting his thoughts to dwell on James once again with Mrs. Hudson present he quickly took another sip of his tea. Whether it had cooled down enough by now was anybody's guess. With his tongue still numb from the previous burn he could barely tell if there was any taste to it at all.
He heaved a sigh of relief when he came back, clothes in hand, and found Sherlock still standing there. Huddled close to his horse for warmth. Silhouetted by the gathering dawn behind him.
What does John actually think he has summoned him here for in the dead of night.....what are two men even expected to do alone....together.....in one's bed-chambers....
He thinks for a moment and then comes to the conclusion that he probably looks sillier being the only one not dancing than being seen dancing poorly.
The room was not very big. There was a large window with heavy red curtains in the wall opposite to the door. A small wooden desk and chair were placed directly underneath the window. On the floor was a thick carpet. Also red. There was a comfortable chair in the far left corner with a small table next to it and on the right side of the room a chamber screen stood folded in the corner leaning against a large dresser.
My hands hang limply by my sides as my fingers still tingle with the memory of his skin underneath them.
If he wasn't careful he could lose himself in the seemingly endless rooms and halls with their twists and turns for hours on end.
“For me? What a nice surprise”, she smiles but it is not the same smile she used to have. The old smile used to be open and full of light. This new one appears to be full of secrets.
Neither of them are talking at the moment. Holmes has his fingers steepled beneath his chin, lost in thought, and John stares ahead at the ashes in the hearth, still unable to rid the horrid image of the afternoon from his minds-eye.
Sherlock doesn't quite know what to say. He's starting to realize that he had kind of forgotten what being this close to John was like. How blinding and all consuming it can be.
It's where he goes whenever the strange woman with shark-like teeth and eyes filled with torture and hate comes to visit him.
I give Molly a puzzled look as she slides into the seat opposite mine at, what has become, our regular cafeteria table.
One morning spent in her aggravating company will be a small price to pay if he gets to spend the evening with John again.
I give him a strange look that must clearly show how much I've lost the plot because he chuckles as he looks at me and at the sound of it my traitorous heart sets itself afire.
John feels even more of the pain drain away. He suspects it's been being drained into Master Holmes.
He decides to just try and move the conversation forward. Maybe John will leave him alone once he's said what he wants to say.
For now he suppressed it. The nails of his fingers slicing half moons into the palms of his hands as they were bunched into tight fists by his sides.
I groan and roll my eyes as Andrew just chuckles. I end up laughing along with him just a little bit.
He glances sideways briefly but before he can make a decision John lifts his arms and places them both on the wooden garage wall behind Sherlock. Effectively caging him in and where John's hands make contact with the wood his fingers and palms smudge out the fresh coat of paint.
There is a fine line between love and hate. Both extremes on the same axis. Bend your reality just a bit and they will touch.
Maybe they don't have to leave right this instance....or tomorrow....who's to say how much time they really have....and besides.....trying to get some more information on what they are going up against might not be such a bad idea no matter how you look at it.
She had taken a wet cloth and had rubbed at the spot. But the spot had stayed the same. She had used rubbing alcohol but still...the spot persisted.
The dark man just grins. For the first time this evening she is able to get a good look at his features underneath the dark brim of his hat. His teeth are pointy and dirty. A dark fluid stains his bottom lip. His eyes burn like red embers in the depths of his face.
Mycroft's laughter is quickly joined by Sherlock's high-pitched giggles as his older brother tickles him back.
“Well, well...Molly Hooper....It seems you can be wrong after all”, Nighthawk says as his fake smile pulls his mouth in a tight line.
She is barely recognizable. Her face has been slashed, her clothes ripped to shreds and her limbs stretch out from her body in unnatural angles.
For a moment nothing else happens. They both hold their breaths. John is waiting for him to say no, to push him away, to tell him he doesn't want this.
It was another exceptionally warm day for the time of year and with the sky being almost entirely cloudless and the sparse trees that lined the road too few and far too small to offer any form of shade the sun beat down upon them relentlessly.
Right now he had his freedom. He could ride out whenever he wanted. He could swim in the rivers. Hunt in Carterhaugh's forests. Drive his horse on until he felt giddy with the excitement of speed and dizzy from the vast openness of the world and all he had yet to discover.
“Oh really? How so?” Holmes says. Smile reaching his eyes where, at their corners, all too familiar lines start to form.
Standing on his own in the darkest corner of the room. He was nonchalantly leaning against a mantel, a glass in his hand and a look of utter, crushing boredom on his face.
As her words hit me I feel as if all that charged up energy I've been collecting throughout the day finally discharges itself all at once.
He gasps as I stroke him. The angle is awkward and my wrist is already starting to hurt but the sounds he makes more than make up for it.
I count myself lucky to have someone like Molly as my best friend. I don't know how I would have reacted if our positions were reversed. If she....
He has just finished telling Finn everything The All have told him in their recent meeting and his own interpretation of it.
He shudders at the thought of what a conversation about John's love-life will do to his physical and mental health.
In his mind he gathered every single spell he knew that would produce some form of light or flame and as he grabbed Morgana's hand he pressed it against his face and released them all.
“You've grown into your power now, 'Locky. Now that you can do magic we have to present you to the Order....it is the way of things.”
I'm sorry. This has been on hiatus forever. It will get updates from time to time. I cannot, however, promise they will be regular updates. I do my best.
There is just so much more I want to say about Tam Lin, the process of writing this story and some of the points where I tried to weave the original in.
Gods, yes. Please, John. Anything you want. Anything to quell this fire inside of me so we can burn up together in the process and let our ashes mingle and blow away with the wind when morning comes.
The more Watson draws on Holmes'  magic and uses his powers, the more he will broadcast to the world....and the world beyond.....where he is and what he can do.
“I'm not afraid”, he says. He's growing tired of these men talking about him as if he's not even here.
“It's not a crime, you know!”, the stranger says. His voice a deep baritone just as seductive as his moves. The tone of his voice is harsh and biting though. He is angry. No doubt about that.
“We have had a vision”, the voice says and this time Sherlock is sure its the figure on the far left that has spoken although its lips never parted.
The crowd cheers and small groups of onlookers start pouring onto the field. Several members of the rugby team are being hoisted up on shoulders.
Magic hasn't been fun for Sherlock in quite a number of years. It stopped being fun when Mycroft disappeared.
Sherlock shifts in his chair uncomfortably. Either John is purposefully messing with him or he is really so endearingly naive that he doesn't realize that using the term “coming out” after you've called your only gay classmate a “great fairy” might not be the best combination of words.
“You don't know the Order like I do”, Holmes says, this time the does look at John. Magic fills up the blue of his eyes as well. Like pools of light, ready to overflow.
And then our stop comes into view, the bus slows down, the doors open, John gets up and I follow him outside, into the cold morning air.
“Look John”, he says, “I told you. I'm not good at....this”, here he waves his arms around him as if that explains anything at all, “I thought it was probably socially unacceptable to tell this person you've just met that their girlfriend is cheating on them the moment you meet them.”
“If it is indeed the Great Weapon and he is indeed the only one who can wield it then that rule shouldn't apply”, Sherlock replies.
After that John had gone to quickly gather some food in the kitchen for the road, Mrs. Hudson had told him he could take whatever he wanted, her eyes filled with tears before she had pulled him into a tight hug. He had hated lying to her. He liked Mrs. Hudson. He always had a feeling she knew more about Master Holmes than she let on and he wished he had had the time to talk to her about what they both knew in honesty.
Thinking back on it now Finn can't help but see yet another resemblance between the two Holmes brothers.
John just sort of grunts in reply as he stares into his beer.....he's pretty sure there's a dead fly floating in it but in the dark atmosphere of the pub it could pretty much be anything really.
The general consensus amongst the staff was that Master Holmes had been out gambling and drinking and had returned flat broke in the middle of the night to sleep off his massive hangover.
There is nothing beyond the walls. There is only darkness. This place is nothing but an illusion. It only exists because she wills it.
Sherlock wonders why Watson suddenly seems so unsure of himself. This is what he wanted wasn't it? Answers? Magic? Adventure......and then it suddenly hits him.
John shifts again. I glance at him and this time he is looking at me but he quickly looks away when our eyes meet.
He carefully tips his glass towards Miss Astley in a way he hopes will go unnoticed by anyone but Holmes.
They find themselves sitting at opposite ends of a small table tucked away in a corner of the breakfast area of the lobby. There's some soft easy listening music playing from a speaker somewhere overhead and all around them is the reassuring buzz of the coming and going of guests and everyday hotel-life.
John finds himself shuffling his feet and looking extremely caught out and guilty. Mary stands beside him like a statue. Her face expressionless.
All of a sudden Sherlock's body tensed up underneath him and when John lifted his head to see what had been the cause for this sudden change he saw that the soft smile that had been there earlier was completely gone. Sherlock looked very serious and, to John's surprise, just a small bit sad as well.
For a moment I think he is going to touch me but he doesn't. He just stands there looking forlorn and lost....It takes my hazy mind an embarrassingly long time to give meaning to these strings of words he offers up to me but then I think I get it.
He finds that all of the sounds surrounding him are somewhat muted. As if they are coming from behind a thick curtain.
As John follows Detective Lestrade through the streets of London he tries asking him several  more questions but the detective doesn't answer any of them.
I was wondering if there are people in need of a recap of what has happened so far? (Lord knows I've had to re-read chapters multiple times in order to get this show going again).
Sherlock looks at him questioningly. He is unsure. Maybe a little bit afraid even. It breaks John's heart.
Something in his tone of voice must give something away because underneath his own body he feels John's strong muscles tense up ever so slightly.
He once found Sherlock asleep at their kitchen table in the middle of an experiment. Test tube still in his hand. The liquid that had spilled out of it already eating away at the tips of his curls.
Involuntarily my hands turn to fists. Clenching so tightly that my nails leave crescent shaped marks in the skin.
She doesn't answer at first. The silence between them is heavy and laden and it prickles his skin as it lasts just a little bit too long.
Night is falling and the soft light of dusk filters in through the curtains making everything it touches look warm and comforting.
He's spent years living their words....their prophecies.....he's paid his price and he feels it's about time he gets some answers.
As John turned himself over in his narrow bed he could feel a smile slowly forming on his face as he recalled the memory. He really hoped Holmes would come back soon.
'Then why did you kiss me?' she asked as her hands once again took up their labor. The dough, getting firmer now, not sticking to her fingers as much.
The damp sand could have come from anywhere. She could, quite easily, have dragged it in herself. Residue from her boots from when she went walking along the small stream that runs at the back of their estate.
Seeing what he wants and can't possibly ever have on a daily basis is slowly killing him from the inside out.
“Huh”, John says and as he blows on the small specs of light stuck to the skin of his fingers they lift off into the air. He is able to follow them for a little while but all too soon they get lost in the light of the sun.
“Oh, this is nothing”, Holmes says, “You should see how many different items of clothing most of my gentlemen acquaintances go through in just a day.”
Sherlock was pretty sure Harriet was not  the 'thing' though, John would have told him in a heartbeat if that was the case, but if she was here the 'thing' had to be pretty special indeed.
And now that he is so close to actually seeing John again he finds that he, paradoxically, misses him even more.
There is another flash of light then as Sherlock, once again, casts as spell. When she dares look behind she finds that the dark man is gone.
But then he saw the piles of stones where, before, he had seen the mist and the hand and the magpie.
That, maybe, all of this might be a lot for him too. Might be just as overwhelming for him as it is for me.
John felt a small pang of regret at her words. Regret at how their last encounter had ended. Master Holmes had been surprisingly caring and....soft?.....was that the word he was looking for? But in his own emotional and confused state he had bitten out some harsh words. Words he didn't mean. Words he should have never have said to the lord of the house. Words he wished he could take back, but couldn't because Holmes had left shortly after. He knew it was probably nonsense but part of him felt responsible for the swift departure.
His father and Sherlock were both silent after John's speech, but where his father seemed confused and uncertain now that he no longer held any power over his son, Sherlock radiated nothing but barely contained pride.
The soldier does not cower or flinch underneath his gaze. Molly has to admit she is more than a little impressed by this.
Holmes raked his fingers through his raven curls. Messing them up even more and John could not take his eyes of the slender fingers gliding through the silken strands of hair.
This impossible human being is somehow very possible and he has chosen to let John into his life.....see him.
Finn uncrosses his arms and instead places his hands on the armrests of the chair where his fingers drum out a rhythm that should be soothing but only manages to get on Sherlock's nerves.
Because, if I had done so, I would have forever known that that would have been the last time I'd kissed him and the knowledge of it would have weighed me down for the rest of my life.
So far he's found out that John is left handed, hates peanuts in his food, loves the James Bond movies, used to have a dog when he was younger and, apparently, has a sister.
How the armies of the North were creatures from another realm that seeped into ours from time to time. Bent on destruction and chaos. How there were people with magical powers in this world set on keeping these creatures at bay and that Sherlock himself was one of those people.
glad......but you can't let on that you and I......you know........it just can't work out here.......it's not the same as.....”
Greg seems to have found his way to their table too but before he is able to finish whatever greeting he was about to give John shoots him a look and he shuts his mouth for a second before he decides to go for:
Only by the reassuring pressure of John gently squeezing his hand is he brought back to earth and reality.
We are silent for a little while. Our hands still folded together. Sitting side by side on my bed. John laughs as he spots my collection of nail-polish on a shelf. I laugh with him and with it some of the heaviness of the previous moment seems to leave me.
There is marble and red velvet everywhere. The furniture seems to all be made of the most expensive and exotic types of wood and every last piece of it is finished off with ornate embellishments and decorations.
Sherlock wants to say something else but the sound of shouting voices returns in the background. They grow louder and louder by the second.
He stretches and grimaces when that seems to hurt him and I wonder where else his body is bruised that I haven't been able to see yet.
After the first rider there came three more riding abreast. Two on brown horses and the third on a black horse. Two more riders on brown horses followed. Another three. Then four. All of them rode darkly colored mounts.
“Do you.....”, the sentence peters out and John clears his throat as he avoids making eye-contact before he tries again, “....do you use drugs often.”
John doesn't know what to say and so he keeps his mouth shut. Lips tightly pressed together as he waits for Finn to continue talking. It takes a couple of moments before he even realizes he's holding his breath.
He tries to remember how much alcohol he actually put in their drinks during the course of the evening but finds himself drawing a blank.
He's thought about going in and talking to John so many times but every single time there have been things.....thoughts.....that hold him back.
John has finally started his military training. The courses are tough, demanding and time consuming and, mixed with Sherlock's study schedule in England, that leaves them little time where both their schedules allow for them to get together. Whenever Sherlock is able to come home to Indiana John is usually stuck at school and vise versa.
The morning after Holmes had left like a thief in the night John had carefully asked around the house if anyone knew where he had gone to. Nobody knew. Nobody seemed to care.
Mycroft had further explained to him that, instead of taking the last day of your life, The All would take a random day that you had already lived.
“I'm Andrew”, the boy standing in front of me says, “you're Sherlock right? We're in the same biology class.”
Sherlock has no idea how or when the spell was cast on him. To cast a spell of this caliber on a seasoned magic user like himself the one casting it had to have been pretty spectacularly powerful themselves and had to have been able to get pretty close to him in order to cast it.
Not a breeze could be felt. Just stagnant cold. Clinging to both the horse and its rider. Clawing its way inside their bones and souls with icicle hands.
It's only a small fraction of the words he thinks of when it comes to his relationship with Sherlock but somehow they're enough.
And if there's something one should never do, it's letting other people see you're vulnerable. That there is a weakness to you.
'I have solved your little problem', his father said. Smile still firmly on his face. It gave John chills. He decided it would be best not to say anything yet until his father had further explained himself.
All of a sudden he felt like crying and, although he didn't understand why, he let it happen anyway.
“I'm sorry”, he says, “I'm not like you.....I mean.....not here anyway......if they find out about us.......I don't know.......I'm just not strong enough for that......and.......they'll hurt you, Sherlock.  You see that, don't you? Tell me you at least understand part of what I'm saying.”
There is a smile on Sherlock's face but it's not a mocking one. It's honest and light and John can't help but smile himself.
Day has replaced night, had they been clothed then they are both decidedly naked now and this time around it is Watson who gives the answer to a question that neither of them are really sure about.
The medallion is powerful. Of course it is. But not more powerful than Sherlock himself. And if his magic was failing against the dark man then.....the medallion should not have kept Watson safe. It should not have been able to do what it had done. Shine with the magic of a hundred mages and send the dark servant back to his lord.
So engrossed is he in the sight before him that it takes him a couple of seconds to realize that John is no longer touching him.
I have come to the conclusion that trying to hide and be unnoticed here had been an utterly ridiculous plan.
“Sherlock!”, Molly cries out before she has even reached them. There is a smile on her face and it warms John's heart to see her so happy for a change.
He had silently wished for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. For a nearby volcano to first spring into existence and then erupt. For the apocalypse to happen.
John is quiet for a moment. Holmes being so overjoyed at the mention of a lady....an unmarried lady by the sounds of it, is not what he was expecting.
But Sherlock doesn't. Within the small space that still remains between their lips he softly whispers words and as his breath ghosts over John's still slightly parted lips he wants nothing more than to kiss Sherlock again and wrap his arms around him until they're both not quite sure where one begins and the other ends.
The sun is rising. The sky is a beautiful painting of reds and oranges and pinks and blues and there are birds striking up their first song of the day all around.
In the hushed silence of the dark bedroom he sighed. A cloud drifted in front of the moon but John's skin did not lose any of its ethereal glow.
He shuddered at the thought of what he might have said to Sherlock uninhibited by the alcohol flowing through his veins and the private darkness of his own bedroom after midnight.
He would appear at the stables at the most random of times. John hardly ever actually saw him come in. Usually, all of a sudden, he was just...there.
Once again he focuses all his attention on the slippery fog veiling what he is desperately trying to recall.
Sherlock feels nervous and self-conscious as the paint is quickly drying on his face and, for the moment hidden again by his shirt, on his abdomen. As it dries the paint starts to flake and itch but he suppresses the urge to wipe at it with his hands.
John just gives him a smile, closes the curtains a little further, takes out a book and sits down in the corner of the room.
But this, tonight, this is premeditated. This took planning and giving it a name. Somehow it makes it a lot more real and real things have rules and rights and wrongs and I am  a lot more afraid of losing it......of messing it up.
The downside of not looking at Molly, however, is that the only other person available to look at is John.
Sherlock was suddenly jolted from his reverie when a gust of cold wind coming in through a small crack between the window-frame and the wall made him shiver once again. It was only then that he noticed his blanket had slipped from his shoulders and had landed on the floor by his feet.
John probably believes that this overdose is a one time thing. An anomaly. Sure, Sherlock might use drugs but the overdose is something new.
There is a reason why there are no pictures of my father hanging amidst the collection above the stairs. There is a reason why the only picture of my father that's in the house is the one in my bedroom.
I could not be more surprised to find that some of you actually read my first chapter. And some people even liked it!
“Will she be alright?” he asks. Avoiding eye-contact with Mrs. Hudson once again. He feels guilty. He feels awful. He feels as if, somehow, Mary's misfortune is all on him.
Andrew places his hand on my back. Softly, gently, as if I'm a feral animal that could lash out or bolt at any moment.
Usually, on days like that, he stays quiet while I gently and gradually coax the tension and hurt out of his body but, on rare occasions he does talk.
But.....there's the problem.....because the thought of being naked in front of John....with an erection.....scares him more than he is willing to admit.
His sentences flow so freely now. Now that he is calm and happy and himself. I wish he could just trust me enough to be like this all the time.
John heaves a heavy sigh as he makes his way further down the rows and rows of seats towards the back of the plane. He has suddenly realized he's left that handy, little guidebook at home. On the coffee-table.
Sherlock's voice was unsure and there was even a hint of fear that clung to his words, but to John, today, it was the most glorious sound he had ever heard.
'You should be proud of your son, Mrs. Watson', Sherlock said,'I've never had an opponent this hard.'
He has rolled over onto his back somewhere during the night and both sides of his face are now clearly on view.
If he peeks around the corner of the small kitchen he can just see his mop of unruly dark curls over the back of the couch.
He had spent every second of every minute terrified that his clumsy and inexperienced hands would hold it too tightly and break it in the process.
At the moment you are giving me a curious look across the breakfast table as I write away at this letter.
By the time John is nineteen he's even more handsome than he has ever been before. More radiant....more....everything....
John is taken aback. Has Holmes told her about him? Is it so obvious that he once served in the army? Holmes had known right away....maybe Miss Hooper shares his skills of observation.
If you were to look closely you could see the tell-tale traces of needle pricks dotting the fragile skin on the inside of his elbows.
He follows the seamstress to the front of the store where Holmes and the tailor are waiting for him. Seated in two comfortable chairs. Their conversation halts abruptly as soon as John emerges.
There is a soft and sweet scent that permeates everything in this room and that reminds him of.....magic.....Holmes' magic.
He finds John is looking at him again. There is sunlight in his bright blue eyes and his smile seems to warm Sherlock from the inside out.
Finally Holmes looked him in the eyes again. Still John could see a sadness there, but his tone was stern and unwavering.
He wasn't even sure if Sherlock would be at the library next Thursday or not. He supposed he would be there.....surely he would be there.....but what if he wasn't...............why was it even so important to John for Sherlock to be there?
“She said you two had gotten back together”, as he says it out loud....now.... the words sound ridiculous and he wonders why he ever thought it was true. Especially with John looking at him as if he's gone mad.
Maybe he is under some sort of spell without having realized it......maybe they are both under a spell......maybe......
Not about John but about my father. We reminisce, about the good times, the good memories, when he was still young and I was still
And then his eyes had met Watson's all the way across the room. Two eyes the colour of a stormy sea that actually saw him. Despite the distance between them and despite the spell that, Sherlock checked again, was still definitely in place.
No-strings attached is a nice idea but it's only a matter of time before someone will be stupid enough to start asking questions and then....
A look of utter resolve forms on his face and a look of utter confusion on Sherlock's but before Sherlock can say anything else John wraps him up in his arms and pulls him tightly against his chest. He keeps his breathing as calm and steady as possible in the hopes that it will help Sherlock put a halt to his own frantic breaths and the panicked flutter of his heartbeat.
It drives me crazy. I wish she would just realize that this.....us......is not something that's going away.
he had memorized each and every one of them so, even in the dark, he could still find them all and kiss them reverently.
“You not getting anything to drink?” he yells at Mike as the music, for no apparent reason, suddenly gets a lot louder.
This night, to him, magic is strong, short fingers running through his hair. It's a body pressed so close to his own that he can no longer discern where the one ends and the other begins. It's soft puffs of breath that ghost across his cheek and lips and mingle with his own as another's mouth both breathes life into him and takes his breath away at the same time.
He always does an awful lot of sighing whenever he and Sherlock finds themselves in the same room. Sherlock is surprised that, with all of the air he is apparently letting out, Mycroft is still overweight.
This situation was just too crazy. He was about to burst out in hysterical giggles, but another jab from Sherlock shut him up again.
“Well”, he says as he counts the points he's making on his fingers, “you're alive, we've got an actual soldier-doctor on our team now......and.....we've got a lead.”
“Sherlock Holmes”, the shapeless voice once again whispers from all around him and just for a second he is that frightened nine year old boy from his past again but he shakes his head and the feeling passes just as quickly.
And with that Holmes was gone again. And this time John wasn't sure whether he'd actually seen him leave.
John feels his blood run cold as Miss Hooper talks about her dreams. He knows these dreams. He's had them too. He knows the feeling of being in one. The sheer dread and horror of it. The feeling as sharp knife-like wings cut into you. The feeling of screaming when there's no sound. The feeling of dying.....
And even though the world is now quickly darkening around them and all colour is slowly seeping out into the night, John swears he sees a hint of red travel up Holmes' neck and cheeks as he flushes.
He keeps losing his place in the play. He gets words mixed up or just mispronounces them and his timbre is positively atrocious.
'I'm sorry, are we boring you, Sherlock?' she said. Her tone icy and annoyance written all over her face.
There is not a day that goes by where he does not regret not going with Mycroft on that last fateful trip.
“Let her go”, Sherlock says. There is magic behind his words. Molly can see it swirling from his lips into the night-sky like small, blue fireflies as he speaks.
Of course Sherlock knows this. He's had the encyclopedia by his bed for years. He's read it three times by now. Had John told him this a year ago he would have humored him. He would have acted surprised and awed.
There are books and maps everywhere. On his desk. On the floor. Hanging on the walls in crooked angles. A large part of them are hidden by spells but he is pretty sure John can see them still.
John has never felt so uncomfortable in his life. He is standing behind a chamber-screen in a back-room of the poshest tailor he's ever been to.
The field was vastly different from the last time John had been there. For a moment he wondered if he was even in the right place. Maybe he had remembered incorrectly.....
“You will be buying the suit then?” the tailor asks. Hopeful. He's probably sensing a big sale. The suit looks expensive. Feels expensive. John doesn't know how much it costs and, frankly, he doesn't really want to know.
He thinks back to the last party he and John were both at......the party where he got drunk and vomited all over John's shoes.
He remembers the stars overhead as they both lay side by side. There are constellations and planets up there. Moving, spinning, inevitably, inexorably, but for Finn there is nothing but this moment.
A soft hand was gently placed on his forehead. This dream was getting better and better by the second. He almost couldn't hear the crocodile anymore. Almost.
He hazards a look sideways at Holmes who still stands next to him, albeit a little further away then he had been moments ago.
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. A chance to find out more about the elusive master of the house?
“Bad night again?”, John asks him when he comes in the next morning. The look he gives Sherlock is full of sympathy.
Had told him that this had been what I had wanted with him from the moment he first said hello to me. From the moment he gave me my first awkward kiss. From the moment we spent an entire night on the beach star-gazing and swam out into the sea in the dark only to return out of breath but very much in love.
“I thought I'd give you a little bit of privacy at least.....you know.....before your meeting”, Finn replies.
After what had seemed like an eternity he finally reached the door, stretched his hand out towards the ornate golden doorknob he had imagined there, slammed it shut, locked it tightly and as he turned around and leaned back against it, completely out of breath, his eyes stared directly into Hers as Her face floated only inches from his.
“One can only hope”, John says and as he hears Sherlock start to giggle he can't stop himself from laughing either and he feels his chest warm up with that strange new feeling he's been carrying with him for weeks and finally he is able to name it.
Dejectedly he turns around. Head hung low. His posture reminiscent of that night about a year ago now.
John didn't know how long he'd been sitting here in the meadow. It seemed like only moments. It seemed like forever.
“I should go....”, he says, knowing full well he doesn't have anywhere to go at the moment. He'll just hide in the living room for a while or the bathroom....the bathroom has a lock.....it feels rather ironic given their current situation but he feels like locking himself in.
So he tried to turn away from her, focus his attention elsewhere and definitely not think of dark curls, color changing eyes and the feeling of Master Holmes' naked flesh underneath his fingertips, but Mary was having none of it as she grabbed his arm and held him in place.
John turns on his side too then. Their faces close together. Sherlock's hand remains on John's cheek. A warm weight to anchor him and keep him from drowning.
Maybe it's wrong to involve Molly in all of this as well, knowledge like this could prove to be very dangerous in the end.
'Sounds like him', John said, not being able to completely suppress the smile forming on his face. From the corner of his eye he saw a similar smile form on Finn's face for just a second.
John had laughed too and it was then that Sherlock had decided he needed to get as far away as possible. He had booked his ticket to England not long after that day.
“We will leave by carriage in two hours”, she says, “make sure you're ready by then.....and presentable.”
Holmes chuckles again. John finds he quite likes the sound of it. It's warm and comforting like a fine whiskey.
Molly, of course, agrees with John. Because she agrees with everything John says or does. She's so obviously gone on him it's painful to watch.
John's hair is still delightfully tousled as he lifts his upper body up on his elbows into a somewhat sitting position too.
John is silent for a moment as he thinks Holmes' request over. The rising sun has started to warm the small room up nicely, the light that filters in can only be described as cozy and the sound of the birds outside homely and reassuring.
John barks out a full belly laugh. The sound bright and full of joy and once again Sherlock feels too full for his own skin. He feels as if he's spilling over with.......something.
John wasn't really expecting a reply. He didn't even know if Sherlock had reception up in the mountains, but after only a couple of seconds his phone buzzed as Sherlocks reply lit up the screen.
Neither he nor Mycroft have said anything for the last couple of minutes and the silence that hangs between them is an uncomfortable one.
John wants to say something. Ask what they are going to do now. If Holmes has found Miss Hooper yet but he seems to have lost his voice at the moment. They stand in awkward silence until Holmes bends down to talk directly into his ear in an effort to make himself heard over the loud cacophony of sounds that currently echoes through the room.
Having that look directed at him is doing things to Sherlock. It's setting his insides afire. Makes his heart race again and makes his chest feel too tight. There's a strange tingling sensation that moves from his lower abdomen to his chest. It is as if tiny sparks of lightning have made a highway out of his veins. As if flames are licking at his already too hot skin. As if....
“I didn't know where else to go”, John says. His voice just as broken as the rest of him and I shush him just as my mother had done to me earlier that evening. I stroke the back of his neck and shoulders and it frightens me how cold he feels.
And with that Finn spurred on his horse and they rode on in silence once again. Just slightly faster.
'It's getting late',  John's reply. He knew he needed to go. If he arrived home after nightfall his father would be furious....and yet.....he realized his right hand was still held firmly in Sherlock's left.....when had they even reached for each other?......and he could not bring himself to let go.
“The magpie”, she says, “is a bad omen. For a while I didn't know what it meant either. I've been having visions about them for the last couple of months.
In her own dark world she screams in agony and the walls around her shake and tremble with the sound of her voice.
. He wasn't even sure who that was. And now, here at the cusp of a new life, all the painful memories of an old one came flooding back to him.
Now that all they have left to do is wait for Finn to get in touch he finds he quite enjoys spending time alone with Holmes.
The sensation of John everywhere around him. Filling his mouth his ears, his nose.....it's intoxicating.....it's mesmerizing....magical......all consuming.
Mycroft gives one of his signature sighs. There doesn't seem to be a whole lot of air to it this time.
And as John stretched out his hand Holmes placed the medallion gingerly in his palm. Keeping his own hand in place over it for the time being. His fingertips lightly touching Johns skin.
John had not been having a good day. His shoulder and leg were killing him. The last couple of days a cold wind from the north had been blowing relentlessly. Turning the winter air into sharp ice that sliced the faces and hands of those brave enough to go outside.
Sherlock coughs and looks away. Pretending there's something at the front of the coffee-place that has caught his interest.
John's fingers continue their journey and soon find themselves a new home on Sherlock's arm where it is draped over John's chest.
Seated up there the players on the field would have a hard time spotting him and he could make his retreat before they see him if he ended up feeling uncomfortable.
He sighed as he used his fork to roll his peas from one side of his plate to the other. Whenever she had her mind set on something it was best to just give in and be done with it. Try to defy her and she would not let the matter go until the day you died.
“Don't bother looking for your John”, he says because of course he has noticed Sherlock looking, of course he has.....”he had the decency to call you an ambulance but after that he left and I don't think he'll be coming back.”
“What a funny name”, she says, “anyway, I don't think you should be there as well....you'd just embarrass yourself....you know.....”, she delivers the next part of her speech in a stage whisper, “your crush on him has been quite obvious.”
If she hadn't......then.....what was the point of his mother drowning when she jumped into the water after him to try and save him.
The reason he even was out here, cold, slightly drunk and totally alone was because he had decided to go to a party Sherlock had warned him not to go to.
Maybe they're having trouble now that John is spending so much time with Molly.....he doesn't know and he doesn't want to ask. He is not interested in John's romantic relationships with girls. Thinking about it makes his heart hurt and besides, it's really none of his business.
Underneath him his horse shivered and shifted its weight from its right front-leg to its left. The ground underneath its hooves, frozen solid, cracked under the pressure, forming lightning bolt patterns where it ripped and tore itself away.
Sure, they haven't really been getting along since they met a couple of months ago by the luck of the draw that is “room assignments”, but for John to play a prank like this on him seems sort of.....out of character.....
I look for Molly one more time but I don't see her so I just push and push and push......I make a blind grab for my coat in the hallway and then I'm out.
Sherlock had never bothered to learn her name. He didn't see the point in it. She didn't matter. If he set his mind to it he could have her handing in her resignation as early as tomorrow morning.
I sit at my regular table with Molly and he sits at the rugby-table, his back turned towards me once again, where he laughs and talks with the other boys.
He kept on running. Through the hallways of the castle, up several flights of stairs, through another set of doors and hallways until he had reached his own rooms.
Another long sigh is let out and John can feel it as a warm gush of air ghosting across the hairs on the back of his neck.
He doesn't stop kissing me but his efforts are slightly hindered by the fact that we're also both giggling.
“I was confused”, John says. Sherlock finds he very much shares that sentiment at the moment, “about what I wanted.....about what I was feeling......for you......it was all so new and I thought you wouldn't........you were my best friend, you see......
And all too soon John found himself outside of the stables again. Mary close by his side. Her hand in his. He tried to remember when he had taken it, but his mind drew a blank.
“Molly and I decided to go do our read-through at the little coffee-place down the road. But only if you'd like that too......if you don't like that idea we can just stay here.....it's all fine with me.....I mean......”
“No”, he says, “I was waiting for you two to get here. Knowing you I was pretty certain you would ride through the night to get here as soon as you could....I was hoping you'd send me a message in return though.....just so I'd know you'd actually gotten my message.”
“Oh....”, she says, “why of course.....I have some paper and ink right here in my desk. You could use some of it if you like.... Is it an important message you need to write?”
Ever since they have come back from their fateful trip to Molly Hooper this has become their new routine.
“I was asking why none of these ladies are asking you to dance”, Watson says. A soft smile still on his face.
The warm days of summer had come and gone over the last couple of months and now the chill of oncoming autumn clung to the edge of each and every day.
Sherlock looks around to see which of the seven figures has spoken to him but they still sit as motionless as ever.
John had said nothing. He'd just smiled, if he just seemed to go along with it maybe the headmaster would let him go, but internally he was screaming.
'Yeah...I suppose....alright then.' Sherlock's smile had returned again and once again John felt himself warm up.
His mind draws him back to that evening at home where he had just stood in front of the bathroom mirror.
If enough mages would do this The All's power would weaken and they might even end up dying. A method like that could lead to rebellion and a planned uprising.
At the moment John's father is sitting on the chair opposite to him. Nursing his own glass of fresh lemonade.
Sherlock gives some sort of half shrug. He finds he is unable to speak. His throat has gone dry and he feels as if he's suffocating.
Did Sherlock even have friends? John had never seen him with anyone else besides him. Surely he knew other people? He had seemed to know Mary already before meeting John.....you could hardly call them friends though.
If he believes it's nonsense then that's his business but he should at least let Watson come to his own conclusions.
“What kind of place is it?” Finn asks him then. Now, in the present, he wishes he had asked about the odd marking of this place. But he hadn't. And he cannot ask anymore. Because Mycroft is no longer there to ask it to.
Sherlock takes John's rugby jacket from his shoulders and tries to give it back to him but John just shakes his head.
Holmes looks stunning. He looks even better than the first time John had seen him at a ball. Back then he had only been able to look at him from the confines of a dark hallway. This time he gets to appreciate Holmes all dressed up from up close.
His lips are gently folded into a soft and relaxed smile that only gets bigger when he sees Sherlock notice him.
Pleasure is rolling over him like blinding waves and he decides to just close his eyes and give into it. Let himself drown in pleasure.
In front of him the hole tears itself open further and further, transforming the darkness around him into beating wings and sharp beaks.
So I show him instead. I kiss him softly. Coax his pliant mouth open with my tongue and pour everything inside and hope he still understands.
He both desperately does and does not want to talk about all these confusing new feelings with Sherlock.
I'm starting to think it had all been a dream after all. Some wild fantasy my alcohol-drowned mind had come up with but then I remember a bite mark I had discovered that morning hidden underneath the collar of my shirt.
“Now we wouldn't want that”, Holmes says, “I'll make you a deal. You can stay until Finn returns. That way you can honor your promise to him. But as soon as he's back: I'm expecting you to leave.”
'Tomorrow night is All Hallows' Eve', Sherlock continued, 'on this night the fairy-queen and her consort ride back to their own kingdom taking a human servant with them. Once the human has passed to the other realm they will be stuck there forever. There will be no turning back. This time.....they will take me with them. I only have one night left here......with you.....I'm sorry, John.....I....'
For a couple of moments neither of them speaks. The stars still move in the sky and with every heartbeat Sherlock feels this perfect moment slip away from him.
I am so lost in my own thoughts that I don't even realize another person has approached my lonely table until they speak.
He glances back at the curtains he was looking at just before the blond girl spoke to him and pulled him from his thoughts. There's nothing there. Was he even looking at anything? He can't remember.
Sherlock apparently lost in thought and John reveling in the feeling of Sherlock's fingertips grazing the tender skin. It was a strange mixture of pain and pleasure he could not get enough of and he bent his neck slightly, trying to increase the pressure, but just as he did Sherlock suddenly withdrew his hand and let it fall to his lap.
Holmes lying naked on his back, John plastered against his right side with his arm draped over him possessively as his fingers gently and carefully draw random shapes on the pale skin he has kissed not moments before.
If you thought about it logically Sherlock should be feeling as if he had all the time in the world.
As quickly as he could he dressed himself, but the fact that he could not keep his fingers from shaking made the usually simple and mundane activity difficult. Taking up more time than he had hoped it would. Precious time he was loath to lose.
Gently he took up one of the sheets from the bed and used it to wipe at least some of the sweat from Holmes' brow and cheeks.
He rounds another corner. There is a bench here. It's where he had seen Sherlock during his first visit to The Order.
Sherlock gives him a tight smile that is all pretense and no substance but before he is able to successfully turn the lock back completely John stops him.
“Oh, don't be so surprised dear!  I was there when that boy was born....helped change his nappies. I know everything about him.”
Once again I rack my brain for another subject to talk about. I blurt out the first thing that comes to my mind:
“You think too much”, John says as he carefully stretches out his hand and places it on top of Sherlock's.
In return for a vision that might change your future you have to give The All one day of your life. The All use these gathered up days to lengthen their own lifespan. There are rumours going around that they've been in office for centuries now but nobody had been able to give him a conclusive answer. Their pasts and who they once had been forever lost to the passage of time.
He knows what it's like to see the person you love reach their full potential and be who they were meant to be.
Her straight brown hair and slightly long face not earning her the title of true beauty. Her talents never quite allowing her to truly excel in piano playing, painting or embroidering.
When John wakes up again it is already morning and the reassuring pressure of Holmes' form that had accompanied him during the night is gone.
Sherlock had always wondered why Mycroft would never talk about their mother when Sherlock asked him questions about her.
Sherlock feels his stomach lurch once again as the sudden movement causes his seatbelt to cut into him.
John is on his way to the airport. Sherlock had wanted to go with him but John had been adamant that Sherlock stayed behind and not skip any classes.
Quickly he knelt next to the chair. Thank god Holmes was still breathing. Gingerly he tried rousing Holmes again, but he only regained semi-consciousness.
John turns back towards his desk sheepishly but is quick to turn on his trademark “John-charm” as his beaming smile is now directed at their teacher
I smile at her or....at least......I try to. My features seem to have become as frozen as my heart. She doesn't return my smile. She just looks sad so I look away.
His father's fingers dug into the soft flesh of his upper arm harder and it took all of his willpower not to flinch.
John quickly googles the address on his phone and it turns out to be an actual apartment at the edge of the city.
“That's alright”, he said as he proceeded to take off his rugby jacket and carefully draped it over Sherlock's shoulders.
The body held tightly in his arms felt familiar, it felt like home. Even before the hood fell away, revealing the face he had so longed to see, exposing raven curls and sea-blue eyes John knew he had made the right choice.
“John?....Nah, he probably won't be back before the end of lunch-break.” Greg says after he quietly inquires why John isn't here.
He sighed and tried looking out the window, but the room they were in was too high up and the window was too small for him to see anything but a partly clouded sky.
Inside the theater is small and dark and there are benches lined with blue velvet where you can sit and wait until your movie starts and an employee will open the doors to the screening area.
He's not sure what has just happened, what was going to happen, but he's pretty sure he liked it. Was maybe going to like it even more had his nervous nature not gotten the better of him.
He feels like a liar. A cheat. He feels as if he will be found out any second. One of these lords or ladies will turn to him and ask him to fetch them a drink or get their horse ready....treat him like the servant he actually is....
John smiles nervously and golden sunlight streams from every single pore of his skin as his eyes shine like blue opals inlaid with more gold.
John wants to ask more, say more, anything to get Sherlock to open up but they are interrupted by the sound of his phone ringing where John has placed it on the table next to his coffee cup.
His fingers feel sturdy and warm and his grip anchors me to the ground and makes it impossible for me to get up.
In any other situation it would feel cozy and comfortable but this evening it only ads to his unease.
Even when he gets tackled to the ground he springs right up again, finds Sherlock in the crowd and smiles the most radiant smile.
As he stares out of the window he notices there are large clouds covering the sun again, casting long shadows in the room and on his mood.
John just leans himself further over the fencing that separates them and his voice, close to Sherlock's ear, is a barely audible whisper above the din of the crowd.
'Yes, but I never ask about your love life. I don't want to hear about your love life. You just tell me all about it anyway.'
She is still smiling from ear to ear. I don't think she has stopped ever since I invited her to come along.
He is able to veer left at the last second, almost tripping over his own feet in the darkness but ending up standing beside Holmes. Only slightly out of breath.
As much as he pretends to dislike his brother now, he is eternally grateful for the childhood he was able to provide for him.
You all have no idea how much that has meant to me and all of these comments are part of the reason why I just couldn't stop typing and updates have been so rapid.
Sherlock does and with his own John carefully places Sherlock's outstretched fingers on the side of his strong sun-tanned neck.
Since John has been so honest Sherlock feels like he owes him the truth....or as much of it as he can bear to divulge.
“Yeah....fine....”, he doesn't really feel like going through the whole story again like he had done with Mrs. Hudson. He'd rather not talk about death too much today. Hopefully Mary will think he's still in mourning and not press the matter any further.
He's worried about what might happen after.....he just can't really talk to Mycroft about that now can he.
“I like watching you play”, Sherlock says and immediately cringes. He might have shown his hand a bit here. John can not know he used to watch him covertly.
He is lying perfectly still. He seems to have turned on his side somewhere during the night. The sheet pulled up to just underneath his nose. His wild curls the only part of him clearly visible as they fan out on the pillow beneath his head.
But as long as she keeps her eyes closed and focuses on the stars the shoot through the darkness there she can almost make herself believe.
I am rewarded by the faintest of kisses on the top of my head and the sensation of his breath as it rustles my curls.
Mary leads him back through darkened hallways and rooms in the opposite direction of the one Holmes had taken.
I had let myself get so lost in John's messages that I had completely forgotten that Andrew was sitting next to me again.
He chuckles, drowsy and slow and private and I want to take off all of my clothes and drape myself in the sound of it until the rest of my days.
“No, I don't think you will”, Sherlock says. His tone of voice warm and full of confidence and John wonders why it took him so long to figure himself out.
'What?! You can't do that!' John's head shot up. His mouth opened in disbelief at the unfair punishment. His nails slicing even deeper into the flesh of his palms so as to prevent himself from raising his hands and throwing a punch. That would surely end badly.
When has he ever been worried about a performance. He knows these lines by heart. He knows the play by heart.
But one day he had been careless. He had left a window open and Morgana had peeked inside. She had not been able to enter. Not that time. But she had seen the memory. Had heard the words and had twisted them into something false, corrupted and shameful. From then on the name “Ghost” was an insult. Something to be ashamed of and she used it whenever she met him ever since.
He follows John around the school hallways and he actually feels like some sort of spy as he does his very best to remain unseen. Hiding behind corners, other students and opened locker-doors.
For a moment it seemed as if Sherlock was not going to answer, but in the darkness a look of stern resolve could be seen settling on his features as he rattled of his answer in the black void around them. Eyes fixed unblinking at the opposite wall hiding unseen in the night:
'What if you fall and hurt yourself on the way back?', she had said as innocently as possible, her cheeks slightly red with the flush of alcohol, 'I'd better come with to hold your hand'.
John smiled as the beginning evening darkened further around them. Deepening shadows and playing tricks on the imagination.
John wouldn't really know what to say anyway. He is so very new to this world. He's not sure what to do now. Going inside doesn't seem like a good option. For one because from what they can tell by peeking around the corners of the door there is absolutely nothing left of the inside and also because he's afraid the structure will collapse on top of them as soon as they even try and open the door any further.
Instead he giggled again as he let his head fall back to rest on the bed as he stared up at the ceiling hidden away in the darkness. He had not dared to turn on a light with his mother on patrol. The only form of illumination they had was the light of the moon as it filtered in through the window.
He has no time to let his mind wander anyway because Holmes is quickly disappearing in the distance in front of him.
John lets out a laugh at this remark but the sound is cold and instead of looking at Sherlock he stares ahead at the empty fire-place.
But for now Sherlock had more important things to think about than Finn. As, at the moment, he was sitting in his rooms again, a fire roaring in the fireplace, a maid had stealthily lit it while he was out, a blanket draped over his shoulders and a map on the desk in front of him. Right now he needed to decide where he wanted to take John tomorrow.
John couldn't believe his ears. Here he had been these last three weeks trying to come up with some form of apology for his own actions that night and now Holmes had beat him to it. Surprising him once again, like a breath of fresh air.
And, not in the least, giving Holmes a little bit of time to come to terms with all that has happened these last couple of days will hopefully also make him a little less reluctant to take John to the Order.
I've had a wonderful time seeing these boys do absolutely everything but communicate and I really hope you all had a wonderful time too!
John's eyes are still on his cards. The paper turning slippery as he feels his fingers and palms go damp.
John closes the door, locks it for good measure and makes his way back to Holmes who already has his hand stretched out.
There had been stories about mages who had the day they met their significant other taken from them. Without that day all the memories of that person that followed on it felt more like a dream than reality and eventually couples grew distant and estranged. More than one relationship had ended because of this “luck of the draw”.
A shadow in the corner made out of slick and ominous black that is slowly expanding and consuming everything around it.
The cottage is surrounded by grassland and weeds and the cheerful singing of birds can be heard still just as they have been hearing it on their way here.
To John's dismay his nose was also forced away from the wonderfully soft and rich scent he had been able to surround himself in at the juncture of Sherlock's neck and shoulder.
Sherlock quickened his pace and called for his horse. The night around him was dark and it reminded him of Morgana and even though it was relatively warm for this time of year he shivered and pulled his cloak tight around him.
'Come Watson', he said, now seated firmly upright in his saddle. Once again looking like the graceful lord that he was and as his eyes seemed to glow even brighter, boring into Johns, John felt a warm flush travel up the back of his neck. 'Let us try for a bit more speed', Holmes continued, 'I'm sure a bit more action will warm us up in no time.'
The victim and perpetrator. You might be surprised to know that there are more people in this world who have a name that starts with the letter 'S' John. Besides, I know we don't do Christmas, I'm not an idiot. Lord knows I've learned my lesson after 2013.”
To Sherlock it is as if the sun has suddenly manifested itself inside of the dim and stifling hospital-room only this time it's not trying to scorch him alive.
'Sure, you say that now', the smile on his father's face widened, 'but when you're in heat I can throw any old alpha at you and you'll accept him without question. It's how omega's work. You of all people should know this.'
When he woke in the morning sunlight was already starting to filter into the barn. He had overslept, but the storm at least seemed to have passed.
Finn's eyes glowed red once more and then the look of exasperation suddenly was replaced by one of disbelief and shock.
“He died of cancer”, I say, “and in the end, when he got really really sick he was in the hospital. At that point he had lost all of his hair and most of his weight. I'd never seen him that skinny....or pale. They had him hooked up to all kinds of machines to help him breathe and to give him pain medication. He knew he was dying and he had asked for us all so he would be able to say goodbye......but I......I couldn't......I was scared........I hid so nobody could find me.......I didn't want that to be the last memory I had of him.....I just couldn't.....I....I don't do well with endings......or goodbye's.....and I never let my dad say goodbye to me and I will never be able to go back and change it......I......”
And then there are soft fingers on his arm. A gentle hesitant touch. But warm and comforting nonetheless.
With every passing day his gradually distending belly had gotten harder and harder to ignore and even though his father tried his best to hide his true feelings John had spent the past eighteen years of his life becoming an expert on recognizing the alpha's volatile and often unpredictable moods. So even when he was not speaking he could read him like a book.
Keats' “La belle dame sans merci” has been swimming through my head for the last couple of days, but I'm not sure yet....we'll see....I have other works in progress to finish first....maybe.
He politely cleared his throat and just to break the silence he decided to say the first thing that popped into his head: 'your lordship had chosen a fine day to return.'
And, with the worst of Sherlock finally laid bare for him to see, how could he have done anything else.
The rugby-boys leave. Sherlock sits at the table for a little bit longer. The cafeteria empties out around him. His hands feel clammy again.
“Andrew”, I supply. I don't know why I say it but somehow I feel he has to be named. Labeling him as just some random guy who brought me beers and decided I was maybe worth his while for a couple of hours makes it sound cheap and easy and.....
In this part of his mind he stored the memories he did not wish or could not permit himself to forget.
“We're just friends”, I say. Because, once again, nobody else is talking and my fear of everyone standing around and judging me in silence overrules my fear of saying something stupid.
I take a good look at Mycroft's beady pig-like eyes in his too round face but I really don't see it. I never have.
'He left a week ago on horseback', the words slipping out from between his lips before he could stop them.
He realizes that this is actually one of the first things about John's personality he's learned and he can't help but smile a little.
Once again John places his hands in between Sherlock's on the fencing between them and leans forward.
In the end they just decide to stay in for the night. They'll come up with a solution in the morning.
I have a vintage poster of Audrey Hepburn because I'm still maybe a little bit of a gay stereotype, a poster with the table of periodic elements because it comes in handy when I'm doing my chemistry homework but it has 'Ah! -The element of surprise' tagged on at the end as a joke.
Several books lay strewn at  my feet, some open and upside down, one piece of paper wrinkles in the sudden tightness of my hand as the rest has now definitely fallen victim to the wind.
“You know, John”, she says, “I did warn Mary. That you might not like her as much as she liked you. But she just would not listen. I'm not sure if she'll get over it this time. She looked rather....upset.”
It's gone before Sherlock is even sure he's seen it. Maybe his mind is just playing tricks on him. He's only woken up from a powerful enchantment after all. The darkness of the past throwing shadows on the present. Nothing more.
John pours him a glass and hands it over. Holmes takes a small sip and makes a face as if John has just offered him rancid bog water instead of the fresh cows-milk it actually is.
There is a particularly good one on the side of his neck that I can't stop staring at now that it's there.
Desperate for a solution to present itself that does not involve anything changing in the situation between us.
Sherlock shook his head in an attempt to dislodge the tiny stars and quickly sipped more of his wine.
His mind now feels as blank and vacant as the fog-filled gateway before him. And so he moves forward still only because he sees no reason not to.
He's having a hard enough time as it is talking to John about mundane things without his palms going all sweaty and his cheeks turning an alarming shade of red.
In his mind the events of the day kept repeating every time he closed his eyes and so he was left tossing and turning in his small bed as the room darkened around him.
John hardly ever swears. Sherlock feels his heart tighten in his chest. For a moment he thinks someone is squeezing it with their fist. Possibly Bill. But then he remembers it's most likely the drugs he's taken that are making him see things that aren't there. He was not expecting John to answer today. He was expecting to be talking to the beep today. He realizes he finds it's almost easier to talk to the beep than it is to John.
John rolls over from his right side unto his left a little bit too violently and the bed-frame underneath him creaks precariously and his shoulder twinges painfully.
And then he veers the car to the side of the road and just parks it there. Around them nothing but fields and farm-land and Sherlock just feels confused now but John is still smiling at him.
I think our teacher tries to stop me but at this point my ears are ringing so loud I can't hear anything but the sound of the rushing of my own blood as loud as the crashing of waves.
Maybe I'm making this a bigger thing than it is but I can't risk losing whatever it is what I've got with John right now.
'We're in a library.' he said once again. His eyes now firmly fixed on the sheet of paper currently held in front of his face.
'I'll try again when I return,' Sherlock said, not really answering Finn's question, but he knew it was all the answer Finn needed.
That evening I turn myself this way and that in front of the bathroom mirror just so I can get a good look at all the places where John's grasping hands had left their marks on me as he pinned me against the sink.
“I give you permission to examine him fully”, Finn's evasive reply, “I'm sure he will not fault you for it if it is what is going to save his life.”
If you are looking for an accurate Tam Lin adaptation: this is not it. I will deviate from the original story from time to time to fit the characters and setting.
“It's alright”, I say. But I know it's not. Neither of us are alright but, maybe, in time, together we might be.
John ponders over what his friend has just said and all of a sudden he has a completely new revelation.
As Sherlock stood there, still trapped in his mind palace with Morgana directly in front of him, he felt frozen in place. Unable to call his mind or body to action even though everything around them was a figment of his own imagination.
His breath forms puffy clouds in front of him as he exhales and there's a rumble like the moving of glaciers at his back.
The gesture is soft and playful and so fitting to John's character that Sherlock can't help but chuckle.
'Hold me tight and fear me not, hold me tight and fear me not, hold me tight and fear me not........'
“I doubt anyone knows his real name”, Holmes continues, “it's probably something really long and complicated and unpronounceable. You see...for Elves there is power in names. If you know the true name of something....or someone, you can, in theory, hold power over them. An Elf will never give you their true name.”
'Do you have any idea',  his stepmother continued, 'what kind of rumors have been making the rounds ever since you came back?'
From the corner of his eye he thinks he sees the wing of a bird but when he looks again it's just a branch moving in the increasing wind.
'Coming, sir!' John shouted back as he felt around in the darkness blindly to try and find where he had left his candle and matches.
He's been tossing and turning right up until his alarm goes off and when he looks at himself in the mirror in the morning his hair is a downright mess.
It might be, for example, an inconsequential day where you just sat around the house and did nothing, a day from your very early life where you were so young you don't even remember it to begin with or a day where you were sick and you'd be glad to get rid of it.
Sherlock dresses as quietly as he can, packs up what little belongings he has, takes one last look at John, trying to make out as much of him as he can in the dark of the room:
“You are both mental!”, Sebastian screams from his position on the floor, “I'll report you to the headmaster. See who has the last laugh then!”
What if, yesterday, I pushed John so hard I pushed him right into the arms of a woman.....what if.......he wouldn't do that to me though.....would he......
I have thought about him but only in the way you briefly think about someone you're desperately trying not to think about.
Her sense of touch: how the cool night breeze grazes the skin of her face and how it soon will stop once they reach the shelter of the trees. How the grip of the man's claw is like an iron shackle leading her to her own demise irrevocably.
His skin, usually pretty pale, seems to almost glow in the light of day. White. Pristine. Otherworldly.
“I knew that would get your attention. Whoever set out that ambush for you left their mark.....a  magpie.....somewhere on your......person.”
Holmes' own voice is nothing but a hoarse whisper in the space around them but to John's ears it still sounds loud....too loud:
'By god, quite the improvement. When I was here last year there was some old man tending the stables. Terribly slow and quite near sighted. I don't think he knew a horse from a cow.'
He is not supposed to show his magic to anyone who is not a part of the Order and yet he had done so upon meeting John.
(And some "fun" info for those not familiar with the actual story of Tam Lin: in the original ballad Tam Lin does ride the white horse and that is how Janet knows it's him)
Sherlock feels somewhat relieved by his admission. A part of him had still been fearful that he was going to say something else.
For a moment John looked confused but then his trademark smile lit up his face once again and Sherlock felt the night disappear around him.
It had been someone else. But he had found he couldn't open his eyes and all the lights in his mind-palace were going out one by one. He was losing consciousness. He could have sworn he heard heels......a woman laughing.........someone touching him......and then.......nothing.
John squints his eyes against the brightness of the light and then he sees it. He wonders how he's never seen it before. Things seem so blatantly obvious now.
John hated waiting. He hated not doing anything. Once again he found his fingers tracing the silver chain around his neck. The medallion seeming more like a weight pulling him down by the second.
But....that's just how the medallion works. It makes you forget it's even there. Even if you're the one wearing it. It's one of the ways in which it keeps its wearer safe.
Even though the spell over him seemed to be broken he was still very hesitant to set foot on what had, effectively, been his prison for so many years.
He felt a bit guilty about chasing her away like that. None of this was her fault really. But he was also grateful for the precious moments of solitude her absence provided.
They both seem to be holding their breaths then as Sherlock moves his thumb down and gently grazes it along the corner of Watson's mouth.
“It's just......”, he tries again, “I mean......your nail-polish, for instance. You're making yourself an easy target.”
By the time their hunt ended they had been able to catch about a dozen bugs and as they sat, slightly out of breath, on John's back-porch the insects buzzed around in a glass jar sat between them.
As he reaches him John stretches out his hand and runs his fingers through Holmes' curls. His hair is a mess and slightly sweaty.
He turns her into this assassin disguised as a baker with a secret twin who also pretends to be her who he brings out every other scene.
John did not answer. He just scowled at the stranger and tried to make himself seem as intimidating as possible.
Standing in the Holmes’ guest room. John let out a deep breath. This was it, he thought as he slipped the silver band off his finger and settled it back in the velvet box alongside a second, matching band. He had only been wearing it for a minute – just to try it on again – but his hand already felt strange without it. Well, in just under a half hour’s time it would be back on his left hand ring finger, where it belonged, and where it would stay forever.
Getting a drink proved easier said than done, as John didn’t feel like pushing his way through the people crowding the bar, and fighting to get the bartender’s attention away from the pretty young things batting their eyes and flashing some skin. God, what the hell was he still doing here? And why did being thirty-five make him feel so old?
“Well pod-person or not,” John said once the giggles subsided, “if he’s your brother, then I don’t have to feel nervous giving you these. He said they’re gifts.” And out from his bag, he pulled Sherlock’s laptop and a brand-new smartphone.
His name wasn’t even out of John’s mouth, before Sherlock had jumped out of his bed, threw himself into the chair next to John, and brought John’s right hand up to his lips, kissing his palm. “I’m right here, John. I’m right here.”
This may have been the smuttiest thing I've ever written, I am so sorry. But I did look up common garbage disposal problems and how to fix them, because I'm committed to accuracy in this shameful fic.
“You don’t have to stay. I’m not going to run off again.” Sherlock mumbled, even as he moved to tuck himself under her arm.
Molly is throwing her boyfriend a party to celebrate him getting accepted into the police academy, and to “start the new term off right!” John plays football with Greg Lestrade, Molly’s boyfriend, and much like with Molly, they formed an easy friendship. They bonded over not only a love of football, but also the fact that their lives and careers were all but chosen for them. Greg has an ability to detect when people are lying, coupled with the fact that he has a knack for problem solving, and his father is a detective inspector with Scotland Yard, it was pretty much a foregone conclusion Greg would be following in his father’s footsteps. Though both are excited for what is to come in their future careers, and it was somewhat comforting to know their life paths from an early age, John and Greg agree that it did take a bit of mystery and fun out of the discovery.
They had stopped dancing at this point, all Sherlock’s not insignificant focus redirected to kissing and exploring every inch of John’s mouth.  Jesus fuck, kissing never felt like this before, he was burning.
Mrs. Hudson had stocked their refrigerator with several days’ worth of meals, but had warned them that it was
“Just that you’ve hardly been in. You’ve always dashed about, but… oh, I don’t know… you seem more unsettled than usual.” Mrs. Hudson sighed.
“Han and Leia, huh? I don’t know if I’d go that far… though he did sometimes put on airs that could rival those of royalty.”
, had he? Well John was the one who had been the one prattling on all day; letting Sherlock know when he’d finished packing, pointing out where the hotel confirmation was sitting, and now the train schedule. Sherlock had had enough, he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Excellent! I will just write up our full plan and get you a copy. But before I do that, I think it’s time we get started! I’m going to need you to lay back for me, and tell me the second something starts to hurt. There’s obviously going to be some pain, but we don’t want to be counterproductive, so I need to know when, where, and how bad the pain is.”
As much as he hated it, and as much as he didn’t want to interact, that piqued Sherlock’s interest. “Why?” he asked quietly, refusing to meet John’s eye and instead looked more at his chin. “What did he do?”
Oh excellent. Still, if this was his life now, making tea and looking over case files, John thought, he might as well make the most of it. It might even be fun.
– yes.” He nodded, thrusting his hips up to meet John’s, desperate for the contact, desperate for the friction. “I’ve wanted –
“Definitely. Oh, and before I forget.” John said, opening up his desk drawer and pulling out an oddly shaped package, wrapped in paper covered in laughing Father Christmases. “It’s nothing much, I just saw it one day and thought of you. Just don’t open it until Christmas Day, and don’t even think about trying to deduce what it is. I purposely put it in a different box.”
After what felt like an eternity, a surgeon finally appeared and called for John’s father. Sherlock of course wheeled himself up next to Mr. Watson, or rather asked his father to push him.
“Then would you mind coming back to visit again? It’s just… I rather like having the company.” Being confined to a hospital bed was enough to drive him mad, but having someone there – having John there – made it not so bad, almost bearable. “And I’d like to see those old field journals you were talking about.”
John had just settled the bill, and was about to suggest they head back to their room, when Sherlock took his hand, and tugged him away from the stairs and towards the exit.
That settled it, he was not going to look for any more places to live in that neighborhood, the risk of being runover was far too high. No sooner had the thought formed in his head, than the first man burst back out of the house moments before the relative quiet of the street was obliterated by a defining boom, and the house was engulfed in flames. For a few heart-stopping moments, John was back in Afghanistan with shells falling around him, enemy combats around every corner, and his men in desperate need of his skills.
The rest of coffee passes comfortably enough. John spends the time telling Whitney some of the more interesting ways his patients have tried to lie to him. Did that kid honestly think he’d believe they got an STD from a toilet seat? He tells her he’s taken up running, all thanks to her getting rid of his limp. Whitney tells John all about the texts she’s going to be examining, written accounts from a long destroyed abbey.
Yeah, like that could ever happen. The fact that he had been kissed by Sherlock Holmes, and knowing that he’d never get to kiss him again, was probably going to be the only thing he’d think about until he was old and grey. The feel of Sherlock’s lips would be the only memory to remain when everything else slips away, haunting him, taunting him. But anything beyond friendship was obviously not what Sherlock wanted, so John would just have to deal with it. Sherlock’s friendship was too important to mess up with what was probably only a passing crush.
“It still doesn’t make sense. Eric’s always made sure she knows she can always come to him if she needs anything. She’s on top of all her classes in university; never been in any trouble before. Her adoptive parents left her a bit of money when they passed, so I don’t see why she’d need to steal from us.” Mrs. Rachlin was sounding more and more distraught. “And why would she attack me? We’ve always gotten along so well. And our boys, she loves our boys. It just doesn’t make any sense, why would she steal from us? It just doesn’t make any sense.”
“He’s…” John mumbled, transfixed as the strobing lights illuminate the man, casting shadows, highlighting his sharp, otherworldly features. “He’s way out of my league.”
“Sure, but what about next time? What if next time we’re not so lucky? I swear to god, Sherlock, having you as a best friend is going to turn me grey.” John chuckles weakly, trying to cover for his emotional outburst.
“I made arrangements to get all the notes and materials you need. I’m already going to your metabolism class, Molly is in two of your other courses and she’s agreed to help, and I spoke to the professor of your fourth class and he’s going to let me record it for you.”
“Can’t give out… You people called me!” John shouted. “I got a call saying that Sherlock Holmes was brought to this hospital with a suspected stab wound. Tell me where he is, I need to know where he is, I have to be with him!” He couldn’t believe this, he couldn’t breathe, he felt faint.
Sherlock solved it within a half hour of arriving at the scene. The nurse had in fact braved the snow to do her duty and check on her patient, only to find he had died in the night of natural causes. She then decided to supplement her income a bit by stealing some of the more pricey items in the house, and tried to make her employers death seem suspicious, thereby making the real crime, the theft, secondary to a possible murder. Like an idiot, she figured reporting it herself would shift suspicion off of her.
“Don’t you dare,” Sherlock all but growled. “I’ve waited far too long for this, wanted this for too long. I’m not letting you get away now.” John was his now, and he intended on keeping him as close as humanly possible, if not closer.
“Baker Street. Yeah.” John nodded, his ability to form full sentences lost in the face of the pure heat of Sherlock’s stare.
“I know. I do too.” John hummed, leaning forward to capture Sherlock’s lips in a gentle kiss. It was soft, and warm, and Sherlock could feel every ounce of affection – love – they shared in the brush of lips, and the tiny sweep of John’s tongue. Just like John, it was full of honesty and compassion, and just like John, it was perfect.
“What's a gorgeous, posh thing like you, doing sitting down while there’s music playing? It seems a crime not to get you out on that dance floor.”
“Not at all, darling.” Mrs. Holmes beamed, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and pulling her son to her side. “John was just telling me all about his plans for his summer at Bart’s.”
“I am. Coach rides are really boring anyway, everyone usually just keeps to themselves; sleeping, listening to music, whatever.”
When John reaches the door of 221C, John can’t help but hear Whitney in the midst of a rather heated phone conversation
"Job hunt is looking good. An old friend from uni heads up a clinic, and she offered to put me in the rotation for some shifts. It’s just locum work for now, no concrete schedule, just filling in when they need me, but it’s a start.”
“Oh you don’t have to remind me.” Mrs. Holmes chuckled. “Just don’t let Sherlock hear you say that.”
?” It was very difficult to sound scandalized with a gorgeous, six foot tall man in one’s lap, but John sure as hell tired. “That’s not how I remember it.”
“What, really? Holmes has a boyfriend? Should have known he was a pillow biter.” Sebastian snorted, turning to John. “Do you seriously fuck that freak? I didn't think fucking him was even possible? Or are you the cock joc –”
Like I said in my note at the beginning of the chapter, it's almost my sister's birthday and I'm sure she'd love it if you all left some comments or corrections!
He knew that voice, how did he know that voice? There were hands on him, pulling at him. Whose hands were grabbing him? They were strong, but gentle. Lestrade? What was she doing there?
Sherlock slumped forward, his hands going to his head. “That’s the point, John. I didn’t want to stop either. I’ve been wanting this for months now, and just when I’m about to get it, I mess it all up!”
A case! Yes, a case was just what Sherlock needed. If it got his mind off the feeling of John Watson pressed against him – no matter how much he liked having John Watson pressed against him – he would take it.
“No, no. Mostly I’m just terribly bored laying here with nothing to distract me… Actually, do you have any important plans for the day?” Sherlock asked, getting an idea. “Anywhere you need to be?”
“I understand if he doesn’t want people to know, I don’t deserve John. John’s too good for me, too good to me.” Sherlock mumbled, his eyes closed.
“Morning.” Sherlock said, glancing up from an article on the proposed use bumblebees as pollinators for lunar grown food, just in time to catch the tail end of John’s stretch.
"I wouldn’t say that his playing is keeping them at bay. It’s more the music calms me down and allows me to fall back asleep, when before when it would happen, I’d be awake for the rest of the night.”
Sherlock felt a heat start rising to his cheeks that wasn’t entirely due to his and John’s recent activity. “Yes,” he blushed. “It’s a purely physiological response. I have no control over it. Just ignore it.” He just wanted to get back to kissing.
John stops into the dry cleaners up the block from the clinic to drop off his one good suit, only to find Whitney standing at the counter, arguing with the owner.
Not needing to be told twice, John immediately began thrusting, using his tight hold around Sherlock’s torso to guide Sherlock down as he thrust up.
For the first time in his nineteen years of life, Sherlock’s words completely left him. He was breathless and utterly speechless. Never had anyone ever wanted him one hundred percent, never had anyone cared enough to want even a fraction of that. But John did. As he stared up at John, into his deep blue eyes, eyes that were wide, full of trepidation, hope, and most of all, honesty, Sherlock knew he was telling the truth. John wanted him one hundred percent. Dear god, John actually wanted him one hundred percent.
“I need… ahhh… oh… oh GOD… I need you… Oh John!... John I need you!!” Sherlock cried, his pace speeding up to match John’s.
” And then he was doing it, those long, slender fingers wrapped themselves around his hot, leaking prick. The sight of Sherlock gripping himself, that powerful, yet delicate hand, stroking himself in time with John thrusting into him, was enough to drive John wild.
“I lured you out with me on the promise of lunch,” Sherlock replied, “and what kind of friend would I be if I were to renege on my word?”
“Of course it was.” Sherlock groaned, why couldn’t see just see it like he could. “But they have to show up at some point. They didn’t just appear and disappear on the spot. They were hiding it somehow, I’d have seen the container, so maybe under a jacket or in a bag. We look for anyone who passed through the blind spot.”
In those weeks they managed to solve a string of jewelry store robberies – nobody seemed to notice that a different person with the same Pomeranian was in the store an hour before each robbery – they caught two stalkers, and exonerated a third who was just a tagger in the wrong place at the wrong time. Sherlock also managed to destroy two kettles, the toaster, and spill something that stained one of the kitchen chairs yellow.
“I’m working on it.” Sherlock grinned, and returned to his meal, his chest feeling lighter than it had in a long time. The promise of an actual live crime scene with John. Finally, someone else with whom to share it all.
“I don’t mean it like that.” John groaned, blushing slightly. “I just mean… whatever’s easiest for you, whatever you’re most comfortable with, I’m willing to accommodate.”
“Amazing? Fantastic? Earth shattering?” Sherlock supplied, wiping himself off with his discarded t-shirt.
The nurse raised an eyebrow. “You must be Sherlock.” She sighed, the corner of her mouth quirking into a small smile. “Everything is fine. The combination of blood loss and malnutrition really took their toll on him, but his vitals are stable and he woke briefly in the recovery room. He mumbled your name actually, before slipping back to sleep.”
“It’s fine. Really,” John says, trying to reassure her. “And it wasn't even the distance thing that was the real issue.”
“Heading the investigation? He left.” Mr. Watson honestly believed John left. Eighteen years with him, and he didn’t know John at all. Sherlock wished he could say he was surprised, but really, he was just disgusted.
The following morning it was Sherlock’s turn to wake John, having switched watch duty in the middle of the night. He almost hated to do it, John looked so peaceful, and at least in sleep he could escape this prison, but the food trays were pushed through the door, and John needed to eat. They ate quietly and quickly. It was only then that Sherlock realized they hadn’t been given anything to eat the day before, and he quite hungry. Funny how having John back, even in such circumstances, seemed to bring back Sherlock’s appetite just a bit.
“Not needed, but… thank you. I appreciate it.” Sherlock did appreciate her. Sure they were friends – after everything, Sherlock had grudgingly accepted he did have friends – but she didn’t need to stick her neck out for him like she was.
Sherlock hung back, waiting for the mass of students to thin out a bit before going to look for his test, only when he when over to the picked at A – H pile, his test wasn’t there. Either someone had accidentally grabbed his by mistake, or…
Now what do you say you do an old woman a favor, and leave some of those lovely comments/corrections/thoughts? If you do that, then I'll update day after tomorrow (disregard the fact I'm going to do it anyway)
That’s the thing about fate and luck, they have a nasty habit of turning when you least expect it. John is happier than he has ever been in his life, and by the looks of it, so is Sherlock. But happiness can always run out.
“Alright, fine.” John laughed. “Yes I got you something. You can think of it sort of as an anniversary gift.”
Sherlock’s head snapped up, his face was blank, all traces of any earlier hesitance gone. “That’s decent of you to say, but yes, I do need to apologize,” he said. “The pills you gave me were stronger than I anticipated, and in conjunction with the post-case fatigue, I wasn’t thinking clearly. My actions were inappropriate.”
“So just humor me.” John sighed as he pushed Sherlock back down and started unlacing his trainers. Fortunately Sherlock had re-dressed in clean sweats at the hospital, so John didn’t have to worry about dirt and blood in his bed, or having to undress Sherlock himself. “You don’t have to sleep; you just have to get comfortable. I can bring you a book or your laptop once you get settled.” It was a safe offer to make, because John knew the second Sherlock laid down, he would be out like a light.
“We won’t let him.” John whispered. “I only just got you, and I’m not giving you up. I’m not going anywhere.” He didn’t sound convinced.
They were currently waiting – hiding – in an empty conference room, and once the coast was clear, they could slip out of the building. According to Sherlock, the patch was undetectable and untraceable, so if IT were to investigate, there would be nothing to raise any red flags. They didn’t run in to Lestrade or anyone else they knew, no one seemed to take notice as they made their hasty exit from the office area. They were in the clear, they just needed to keep level heads and not call attention to themselves.
“Only if you dance with me.” Sherlock murmured into John’s ear before standing up straight and taking a step back.
They move together, bringing each other to the brink and then backing off  over and over again, until finally John can feel Sherlock’s muscles start to flutter around him. Suddenly, with a broken off yell, Sherlock goes stiff, practically lifting off the bed, and spills over John’s hand, painting both their chests and stomachs. With Sherlock clenching tight around him, John’s movements become erratic, and a couple of hard, fast thrusts later, John’s vision explodes, emptying himself into Sherlock. With heaving chests, and sweat soaked skin, they ride out their climaxes together, one of John arms snaked around Sherlock’s waist as he rocks against him, the other hand tangled in the sheets, Sherlock arms wrapping around John shoulders, hands buried in his hair.
“You booked us a room with one bed!” It wasn’t like they hadn’t shared a bed before, but all those times were for a case, and this time…
John smiled up at Sherlock, and gave his waist what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze. “As you were saying?”
“I must have deleted it. Anyway, doesn't matter.” Sherlock says dismissively. “As I was saying, it was murder but I don’t think she was bludgeoned.”
“You don’t need a partner to be penetrated” Sherlock answers, gasping as he adds a second finger. They keep stroking and thrusting, until Sherlock is about to add a third finger, and John takes over. He can feel Sherlock’s tight muscles putting pressure against his fingers, and he can only imagine what it will feel like around his cock. John eventually brushes Sherlock’s prostate, earning himself a broken off yell. After a few more brushes, He can feel Sherlock start to tense and arch off the bed,
Sherlock’s improvement had been nothing short of stunning; it was like nothing John had ever seen. In the few short weeks that John had started accompanying him to therapy, Sherlock had progressed by leaps and bounds. He no longer used his crutches in the flat, navigating back and forth slowly but with ease, though John did see him occasionally trail his hand along the backs furniture or the walls as he went. Going down stairs still posed a bit of a challenge, and he still grew tired going more than the a few lengths of the flat in one go, thus he relied on his crutches – or John – when they went out.
His first call was to Lestrade, he had promised to keep Lestrade informed, and felt a bit guilty having only sent a single
It was a quiet knocking on the door frame that finally roused Sherlock from his sulk enough to turn his head, where he found a blond man standing in the doorway.
Getting the last word always put a little extra spring in Sherlock’s step, and not even Mycroft’s snide comments and innuendos could dampen his good mood, he wouldn’t let them. It was astonishing what being around John could do to him – to his mood, his confidence – John was astonishing, and Sherlock was…
“Yes, well when I was thirteen, I read a story about a boy, Carl Powers, who had been killed in a pool during a swimming competition. It was reported as an accident, that he has some sort of seizure, but I knew something was off.”
“Then we say we are on our way to see DC Lestrade. Either they say he’s not available or they bring us to him. If it’s the former we proceed to the exit. If it’s the latter, then when we can just tell Lestrade we were hoping he had some cold cases for us. Either way, we’re in the clear.”
“You’d be surprised the small cracks people can find to wiggle through.” Sherlock mumbled, choosing to ignore the second part of what she said. “But I’m not worried, I know we have a good case.” A case that was just as good as so many Sherlock had seen crash and burn. No, he couldn’t afford to think like that, it was going to work.
The day after what John had decided was the best day of his life, whilst walking around the castle, they discovered the Fusiliers Museum of Northumberland, and John insisted they go in. His three times great-grandfather had served with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers during the Second Anglo-Afghan war. Sure enough, there was a display about them, including a register where John found Hamish Watson’s name, and those of Hamish’s brothers John and Henry. John hadn’t realized just how much the Watson clan liked to recycle names. Sherlock of course, made fun of the mustaches everyone seemed to be sporting, and forbid John from ever growing one when John joked that he may look good with a mustache. That night, John was pleased to discover that Sherlock harbored a little thing for men in uniform, and was very much delighted with John’s family history.
The soldier gives Sherlock a radiant smile. It leaves Sherlock speechless. Even though it is night, at that moment, Sherlock's feelings for the soldier shine bright as day.
It was the baritone of Sherlock's voice cutting through the darkness like a tiger on the prowl that eventually prevented him from falling asleep again.
'Vital to who?', he spat out, 'to you? Certainly not to me it seems. There was something amiss at that field and you purposefully led me there under false pretenses. It was never a work trip. I was never there to assist you. I was just some fool caught up in the plans of a bored nobleman.'
