The nurses took the baby away after soothing it’s cries. Toni had arranged for a closed adoption for a couple in America, no sexuality or location preferences, but Toni had no idea where it was going or to whom. And once again Toni was alone.
The horn goes off and every nerve in her body tells her to duck not run. She drops to the ground and barely dodges a cloud of bullets.
Her face turned red, maybe with anger maybe embarrassment. She shot up like a firecracker and charged Toni again. This time it was too much, she was a steam engine and Toni was the damsel tied to the tracks. If Zma hadn’t stepped in and caught Tania inches from Toni, she would’ve been knocked to the ground, and probably pummeled.
“And then I punched her in the nose.”
“Yeah probably. Maybe you should go it’s getting kind of late.” She looks at the clock, if Lucette is coming today, she’ll be here before lights out, and it’s almost eight.
Sasha’s face was a mix between shocked and seething, she stumbled for words and by the time found them, Toni and Rhodey were already on their train.
“I don’t know. I told my parents I hated them and I told my brother he was a geek. What about you.”
“Only that last part.”
“Excuse me, Miss and Captain Rogers. There’s an Avengers call.” Jarvis says suddenly
“An angel?” Toni scoffed, she’d never been much of an angel even before the program,
“That’s a shitty plan. Our advantage is that we know exactly what’s going to happen. We know their final play. Maybe they try to pit us against each other at the last minute, maybe they say kill each other or you both die, but we can call them on their bluff.”
“The baby could be injured, and it won't survive delivery at this point, without this surgery, you’ll both die.” She looks up to see a young man in a white coat. It’s the first time she’s seen the doctor. He’s blonde and his blue are are all to familiar. “No.” She tries, but it comes out as a wheeze, “You’re not of sound mind and your emergency contact gave consent.”
Madame nods, “Let us go.”
“They still are!” Katya yells back, “You haven’t saved me! You haven’t saved anyone.”
When the other girls struggled to stay on their toes in ballet class, Toni’s calf muscles never wavered. She could stretch, and bend, like she’d never been able to before.
“Hey Vanessa, this is Toni.” Vanessa nodded towards her before saying, “Call me Van, my parents hate when I say that but Vanessa is so stuffy.”
It was getting dark when she was done, after heating up today's soup, and washing it down with the first sip of water from her canteen, she put out the troublesome fire and laid between two fallen logs.
The next morning, her night with Lucie seemed like a dream. Maria was gone, left early the morning, and Howard was lazily sitting in the living room, drunk or hungover.
“Howard’s daughter?” He says
Toni scoffs, “Sorry, I know you need as much beauty sleep as you can get Tania.”
Target: Maximiliano Gómez
“You had the baby?” He says,
Toni smiles, “No matter, I’m just happy to be here. Did they throw you a party like this one?”
“Commandos? And Peggy and Howard?” Steve shakes his head, “Not much, just if there were alive or not.”
“She’s stable currently, but there’s internal hemorrhaging, if we don’t act now she and the baby won’t make it.”
“I’m deformed. My best quality, my tits, they got pushed a little to make room for my wacky pacemaker.” She keeps coming up with names for the arc reactor. Pacemaker is her favorite.
“Oh, yeah!” She exclaimed, and then something Ann would never be able to place possessed her, she stuttered for words before spitting out, “I’m Toni.”
She stood up suddenly, and only adressesing Maria said, “I don’t care about our differences, I think you only stuck around for me and I can’t thank you enough for that, but I’m nearly an adult now, I don’t want to watch you suffer. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll hightail it out of here, because that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
“Ok ok, I get it. None of that talk, it give me a headache.”
“I mean,” Madame paused, walking towards the wall, “Lara Vasilla was not the only one being eliminated.”
The returned to the files, and Toni looked down at what she was wearing. A formal business dress, stilettos, she’d just come out of meeting. She looked ridiculous, and turned to Coulson who was sitting in a chair nearby going through some cards.
“You haven’t had a proper chug in weeks, it’s more likely your three day nap after that party was your withdrawal.”
“I’m Toni.”
She had no doubt, that in Eva’s mind, she was Mila’s killer. And Tania was certainly Klara’s.
“I called her Howard’s daughter.”
But Mr. Steele on the other hand, didn’t not approve of it. Going so far as to call up Howard and tell him his lesbian daughter was corrupting the good Steele family name, Howard replied that Mr. Steele was homophobic, and he didn’t chose who his daughter dated, and for any of that to be true, the Steele family would have to have a good name to begin with.
They both knew this was unlikely. Lucie had signed a nondisclosure, and wouldn’t testify against Toni, obviously.
“No.”
What’s another bomb in her heart? The worst part was the cell she was locked in, the room was all too similar to those of the programs.
“Thank you, it was four years ago, and to be honest, he didn’t.”
“Oh yes, we all have the honor of being shown around like a prized pony,” Manya remarked,
“Neige.” Snow. Markov responded quickly, albeit not very impressively.
Natasha strides towards a computer, “What are you doing?” one of the men asked,
“Amanda.” Steve says uncertainly, “She posed as a tenant in my apartment… for some reason.”
She doesn’t remember ever going to the dentist, but she knows what they are. How strange it is having so much knowledge yet no experiences.
“You might be wondering how ballet translates to the refined act of murder.” Her smile was thin and frightening, “But you will find out soon enough.”
“I’ll be right back in Mama, I just need some air.” Toni hears, and she takes a sharp right towards the voice. She finds Manya overlooking a beautiful garden through a window,
Toni furrows her brows, “It’s past eight am, we’re in Russia, probably one of the only villages in the area. You used a mixture of chloroform and other sleep inducers for the plane ride here.”
It made her a target, girls often said she was given away, or sold. That’s the lie she’d been told, so she never rebuffed their taunts for fear of revealing too much.
“Yeah Howard, maybe learn something.”
Toni had never been good at hiding, she was fighting the urge to abandon her cover, wrap her arms around her legs, scoot to the nearest corner and die, but some deep seeded survival instinct kept her firmly behind the table.
“Can you be quiet?” A voice calls from behind her,
They stood there a moment in silence. Nika broke it, “What are you doing here? Is this where you go during meals.”
“Famous last words.”
“Yeah.” He shifts his weight, “Barton told me your dad used to be weird about me, or something, and that’s why you were pre-dispoded to loathing me, but I thought we got passed that and that we were friends and you come in here looking...beautiful and see me and almost turn around.”
There stood a large mansion looking house, made of a grey brick it seemed like there was more of it, that hadn’t stood the test of time.
The Captain looked up in surprise, he probably would have thought she was an agent if she’d stayed in the formal wear, she broke the silence, “Nice to meet you. Captain.”
“I just think-” He was cut of by the breaking news flashing, “This just in the Sokovia Accords official signing has been bombed. Prime suspect it James Buchanan Barnes or the Winter Soldier.”
If given the opportunity, Eva would slit their throats in seconds, and smile while she did it.
She caught Brynn’s eye on the way out and they met outside.
“You’re gonna laugh at me.” Toni groaned, and Tera didn’t deny it, “Ronnie Richards. Reed Richards’ son.”
Steve disagreed.
“I was looking for my mom.” She said quietly
“Well it’s illegal to be gay in most countries, we could get you kicked out of school for attacking Lucie in sixth grade.”
No weakness. None.
‘Avril Simon’ was hired months ago as a secretary for the target, a wealthy businessman Maximiliano Gómez, and it was the perfect cover. She was low ranking, and Toni worried it would take months for her to reach him, thankfully the old man went through secretaries in days.
She faded finally, dropping her phone and her head limply on the highway.
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
“You’re embarrassing, insufferable reputation for being a slutty party girl is ruining our good name.” Howard says calmly
The last time Toni was speeding down a highway, she was high, drunk, and fucked up in seven other ways. Now she was just situationally fucked.
He paused, baffled, “Didn’t realize this was a meeting.”
Suddenly she saw another car in the distance, waiting for her.
Even though Toni didn’t think they were going to eliminate someone that day, the thought was lurking in the back of her head. What if they made her do it this time? She didn’t think she’d be able to go through with it.
Lucie sat up on the bed, she glanced at the door, it was cracked open, that was the policy for some reason, no doors are completely closed.
So he paused just a moment too long to pass by wordlessly. Kate, he remembered when she introduced herself as he was just moving in, smiled at him and hung up.
Between T’Challa and Tony, in contrast to his internal bluster, Doctor Strange was serene. Unnaturally so. He didn’t even blink in the two minutes and four seconds that Tony bothered to count.
“That wasn’t half a bad idea,” Tony muttered. He was running on coffee, a traumatic realisation, and an excruciatingly dull meeting. Now was not the time for good, sensible, ideas. “You should convince him to confess. Don’t say we know, just
Was that what Steve was doing now - giving him space as he had done after the snap? It sounded like something he would do, but he must know that Tony harboured no ill will for him, not anymore.
"Well, if I had known it only took a few kisses to get you to roll over, I might've been tempted earlier," Tony joked, but he squeezed Steve's hand firmly, understanding the considered intention behind his words. Tony turned his attention inward, focusing on his current state of mind. He felt relief after processing some of the frustration that had been haunting him and still did not feel honest resentment towards Steve, but there was something that unsettled him. He pulled back from Steve, tone firm, "I don’t care that you did it, I care that you hid it from me. We can’t keep doing this. Steve, I can’t.”
Tony reached up with both hands, staring up to Steve and they groaned in unison at the first touch on Steve’s prick, sending shivers down his spine. Steve's heart-rate spiked like a blow to the chest when he realised what Tony was going to do. Tony was good on his word and for once didn’t find the need to speak- instead, he opened his mouth wide and licked a stripe up the underside of Steve’s cock, tip to root.
There was a pause and Tony wondered if Steve was running tactics, considering his words and Tony’s potential responses to all options. Or, just as likely, he was surprised that Tony had honestly answered his question at all.
"This isn't Clint's," he said and shuffled closer. His chest pressed against the swell of Steve's arm, his head tucked into the gap above his shoulder. He hoped his hair didn’t tickle Steve’s cheek. "Go to sleep, Cap."
Steve held onto him desperately like he was weak to the force of his own desire. He rutted roughly, without finesse, and it had been so long for Tony - so long since sex was just bodies swept up in a cataclysmic need to be close and feel good. They needed this. They both did.
Steve grunted appreciatively and - dirty talk, aside - decided to ignore the twisted confession. Tony had a long history with Captain America and Steve wouldn't blame him for having mixed feelings about fucking the man he had once both idolized and despised in his younger days. But he wasn't Captain America right now, he was just Steve; the man who made mistakes, loved with his heart on his sleeve, and had gone to the end of the world and back with Tony by his side.
the charity gala, after all.
"You had to break more than just the laws of time-travel to get to me, huh Rogers?"
"Whatever you want," Steve promised, kissing his forehead and making sure he was steady on his feet before pulling back. He zipped himself back up and rummaged in his belt pockets, then knelt at Tony's feet as he procured a wipe and began swiping away lube and sweat from his body.
“It’s not that deep,” Tony dismissed, waving his spoon at the other man. “It’s almond ice-cream, I’m allowed to have more nuts, it’s the same thing. Let me enjoy this.”
Rhodey pointed out he had a habit of drawing a target on his back in front of the world news, as had been his original plan. He compromised.
she had a great taste in music. He couldn’t wait to see her face when Alpha Flight was finished.
Now that it was on his mind, Tony found that he couldn’t rightly remember the last time Steve had allowed himself to smile at one of his jokes. He knew that sometimes Steve did want to smile at him, but rather chose to keep it locked up away from view. During the past half-year since the defeat of Thanos, Steve rarely smiled with him at all.
Barnes. Of course.
There was no lightning as he stepped foot into the courtyard, but petrichor and gunpowder assaulted his nostrils and the air was thick with static humidity. No roars from Professor Hulk, which didn't mean much, but no smashing either.
“Fuck, yeah, crystal,” Tony breathed, wetting his lips. He untangled his fingers from Steve’s and used one to support his weight while the other pressed firmly to the expanse of the chest under him, tracing breaths.
“What the fuck?” he gasped, burrowing his face in his hands as the shock began to leak from his system and realisation settled in. “Okay. Okay, okay, okay…”
“You remember,” Steve said, and it wasn’t a question.
Tony sighed and tossed down the book to the coffee table with a tired flick of his fingers, all of the fight leaking from him. He scrunched his toes in the soft rug beneath his feet and made a decision to ignore how surreal the whole situation was. He sat on the couch instead, slumped like a fabric doll with his legs stretched out in front of him. He stared across the room at the electric fire hearth and wondered if Steve hated it.
Steve wore plaid pyjama bottoms under a soft brown sugar robe, fastened in a tight knot at his waist. He looked comfortable.
Steve shook his head, but said, “alright,” like he trusted Tony’s word, so he pulled Steve into a kiss so thorough that any further serious thoughts wouldn’t stand a chance to come between them for the rest of the night.
What if Tony had wised up and called him: invited him out, dated him properly? Instead, he’d left Steve in the cold with no contact for months - just like he had after Thanos came to Wakanda. It was no wonder the other man was reluctant to communicate with him.
“So. What up, Cap? Bomb buried somewhere in the building?” It was cliché and virtually impossible to get past the security systems in place to successfully pull off a stunt like that - not to mention the leagues of twitchy assassins checking the perimeter at every conversational lull - but Tony made a habit to expect the unexpected.
"I must be flying high and you shouldn't trust what I'm about to say next, but... I want the wait. I want to get through the rest of this night with your come inside me so you can take me home and use it as lube when you fuck me
did that to people.
Judging by that dark look in Tony's eyes his words weren't a joke, either.
- love that he deserved.
“You should know better than to listen to Rhodey’s stories. He always embellishes,” Tony said, eyes flashing as he rolled his hips into Steve’s. Oh yes, Steve was definitely still interested.
With renewed urgency, he threaded his fingers into Steve’s hair - longer than the cropped style he had worn in 2012 - and held him close. He wouldn’t let go, he would never let go again. Even if they never fucked again, he would never lose Steve from his life. It would never be like before; the pain of betrayal and frustrated shouting-matches from opposite sides. Nor the lingering silences, warmth absent and familiarity kept at bay.
-” he pointed his fork to the respective image of Loki leaving the Tower in chains, “- and Steve, who at least had the sense to keep his wanderlust contained; he only interacted with me.” He stuffed his mouth with a forkful, blowing out the steam carefully, then stabbed at another bite, delaying. He had to ask - there was no avoiding it. “Have you done what I asked? It‘s been three days: the next bad guy in tights might’ve already caused mass destruction by now.”
"Fuck," Tony gasped once his voice decided to work again. He looked away then back at Steve with wide eyes. "I'm gonna fuck Captain America."
“Not glitching on me, are you hon?” He murmured, running his tongue along the back of his teeth as he monitored the progress, text and numbers flying by in real-time as FRIDAY loaded and processed the new wealth of information.
“You seem pretty mad at him,” Peter observed, voice tense as though he was ready to go one on one with Captain America on Tony’s behalf. Again. “Did he do something bad?”
“Alright, stay there. I want to try something.” Tony said, gesturing for Steve to stay in place facing the bench. Steve waited, feeling giddy and oh-so-lucky; Tony was going to share with him this idea, an experiment to try together, as well as his body which looked so tempting even under the harshness of the workshop's bright lights. He hadn't actually been after a sex-lesson, despite their earlier flirtations, but Steve wasn't going to turn down a little unexpected fun.
Momentarily, he was tempted to grab a ball-point and jab it between Strange's ribs, just to see what would happen. He considered it for a moment longer and he felt himself relax and the impulse abate. He couldn’t blame Strange if he had spirited away from the room. They all had better and more productive places to be but had all agreed to keep their collective cool while dealing with Ross. Once their rewritten New-Not-Shit-Accords had the go-ahead from the U.S. government via Ross, any further tweaks they added would be checked by someone lower down the ladder and approved as long as they didn’t mess with the fundamentals.
“First?” He quoted, rolling his eyes and he kissed the other man before he could answer. They caught their breaths together, savouring the taste of each other’s lips and Tony hummed happily against his mouth.
Tony moved across the room from group to group, but did not linger for more than a few uproarious bouts of laughter before he moved onto the next flock
Betrayed, because Tony hadn’t had the decency to call him the next day. Or the day after that. Or any day at all until the band formed back together for the Scepter. But with Cap fresh off the ice, Tony had been the one with knowledge of how modern relationships worked. It had been his responsibility. In the past, he might have been a one-night-only kind of guy, but by then Tony had changed. If Steve had read those tabloids he wouldn’t have known any better and might have thought that Tony had used him.
Sex seemed to sap the physical energy from Steve more than a battle ever had. He was sweaty, hot to the touch - presumably flushed in ruddy pink - and moaned into Tony’s mouth as if he were in pain. The hand he wasn’t resting his weight on cupped Tony’s cheek, his thumb tracing his lips where they met before sneaking entrance. Tony sucked on the square digit, remembering the weight of Steve’s erection on his tongue, and he threw his head back with a loud moan. The tell-tale warm ache behind his balls warned him that he would last only a few more passes of Steve’s cock-head brushing against the sensitive part of his frenulum.
"Ready?" Steve said quietly after a while, sounding as though he didn’t want to leave.
Tony thought, reaching out with both palms to touch flushed cheekbones. He felt adoration swell in his chest as he marvelled at the evidence of Steve wanting him, so much so that Steve had lost all pretences and descended into pure gut feeling without restriction. Steve wasn't perfect (he was stubborn, reckless, and was quick to anger) but he didn't have to be perfect. Tony wanted it all, unrestrained and unpredictable.
"Oh, right. Yes. I'm Sorcerer Supreme now," he said casually and before Tony could ask what the hell that meant, Strange circled his hand through the air and reached into a golden rift in space. It was a small portal and it’s counterpart appeared by Tony's side, golden and crackling with energy. He watched, disturbed, as Stephen's hand emerged from the second rift. It plucked his drink from his slack grip before retreating away. Both portals closed with a flurry of sparks after Strange withdrew his hand from the first rift, still holding Tony's drink. He offered it back to him and Tony took it, stunned as the glass settled into his palm once more.
“Think you can do that? Come on my prick, Tony, that’s an order. Do it, come for me.” He commanded, breathless and greedy as Tony’s body grew tense, clamping down hard around his cock and Tony cried out in shock from the power behind his sudden orgasm. He was strung tight, still, as if time froze around them before his body gave way to large shuddering gasps that rocked the bench beneath them.
nicknacks from the gift shop.”
Tony heard the zip of Steve's suit behind him and he was so close to the tipping point he almost spent himself because of a damn
(There was probably something to say about why he consistently rebranded Stark buildings for Avengers purposes, but Tony had neither the heart nor the patience to speculate.)
No words passed between them as they undressed. Steve's robe found its place on a hook by the door and beneath lay Tony's shoes and jeans. His glasses were dropped to the bedside table. They took turns in the en suite, the sounds of the tap and the flush of the toilet quiet despite the silence in the air. It wasn't an overwhelming quiet, but one of unfamiliar domesticity. They had both fought long and hard to get here and exhaustion was clouding the edges of reality.
When the cloth was discarded over the edge of the bed Tony gathered him close, mirroring the way Steve had held him after he woke from his night-terror. He ran metal fingers along the man’s spine with the barest of touches and found himself grateful that his father had worked to make the body beneath his hand strong. Even with delicate health, Tony would want him, but he was so glad he wouldn’t have to know so keenly the worry of a Steve Rogers with brittle bones and a rattling respiratory system.
He hadn’t anticipated the bittersweet joy that came to choke him during his first trip back in time. He had watched as he and Tony of the past ignored each other, both too concerned with the day's events to banter together as Clint and Nat had. While his past self was tired and ran checks with S.H.I.E.L.D - keeping busy - Tony looked exhausted. He hid it well, but Steve had lived this day three times and each time it was more obvious that Tony needed the comfort of his team and wouldn't ask for it.
Rhodey must’ve recognised Strange even with the weird wizard get-up he had going on. He could picture it now: Steve innocently inquiring about the funny dressed fella talking to Tony and Rhodey - always the entertainment - leaping at the chance to tell a mid-2000’s Tony Stark-approved wild story
“I want you,” Tony said - because they weren’t keeping secrets now. He bowed his head while his hands pushed at Steve’s top, lowering himself so he could run his lips and tongue on a path from stomach to clavicle. As he went, Steve’s hands grew bolder; sneaking glances under the underwear he had worn to bed, trailing his thumbs over the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs.
“That was fucking hot, Cap. Get me the, uh, the water over by the coffee machine?” He said, voice rough and wrecked as he gestured. The sound made Steve’s cock twitch again, knowing that he was the one that made it that way. He removed his jeans from around his ankles along with his shoes and stumbled dutifully over to the mini fridge Tony kept. He was pretty sure Tony could get him to do almost anything right then; he'd do it without hesitation.
Parker had left to see Barton and Barnes, which may have been an even worse trio to allow to be together. Tony had the sneaking suspicion that of the three, Barnes was going to be the voice of reason. He definitely couldn't count on Clint's sense of self-preservation.
Which was fine, Tony quickly told himself.
He didn't feel too bad; Fury had missed it, too.)
Tony shut his eyes and rubbed at the space between his brows. A pair of strong arms wrapped around him and he sighed, leaning into the touch.
"That's it, doll, that's it," Steve soothed, breathless and Tony wanted to hit him a little for being so fucking perfect. Even now, at the end of his rope, Tony felt a rush of love for Steve. He felt used and owned, looked after and slick with come, but he relaxed under the feathering of Steve’s words in spite of himself, still boneless and desperate. "Just a bit more."
"He would have done everything he could have for you," was his murmured response. He shifted, uncomfortable or getting comfortable, Tony couldn’t tell. He would know the difference one day. “If you managed to get those memories back, you'll be able to find the rest of him."
He took a look at Steve’s hardened expression and requested F.R.I.D.A.Y cloak balcony for good measure. Sound could get in, but not out. The night air was balmy and still, filled with the indistinct chatter of party-goers, the ebb and flow of live music, and the more distant hum of the city beyond the Mansion’s boundary.
He was led through to the old library and out onto the adjoining balcony. Tony had memories of dangling his stubby legs through the iron safety bars, and of Jarvis, who often perched with a book at the table overlooking the gardens. Both the table and iron bars were gone now - the latter replaced in the refit with stone pillars. The skeleton and floorplan of the house remained the same, but when Tony compared the reality to his memories the building was almost unrecognisable. It was, potentially, why hosting the evening hadn't been so forbidding.
He turned his StarkPad to show Steve a particularly fetching picture of Clint balancing on the tip of one finger. Clint threw up a peace sign with his other hand and his flushed face was beaming at the camera until Tony swiped to the next picture, where a rather more blurry Clint was in the middle of falling to the floor with an impressively alarmed expression. Off to the side and completely in focus, Bucky held the back of his fist in front of his face as he laughed, almost bent double. Tony had only ever seen him laugh in old newsreels at the Smithsonian.
“Captain,” Tony nodded, because they really did not have the time, and parted ways with the team heading to the roof. He sprinted to the hidden bunker which contained his very own intel ship, inspired by the Helicarrier - but much,
He hadn't spoken to Steve once in the days since he found out about Cap's little detour in the past. He had been purposefully avoiding Steve; there was no point denying it. He just wasn't ready to face up to the music - to shine the spotlight on all of their mistakes and failings. And honestly, he was still trying to process the mind-fuck that was Cap going back in time to sleep with his past-self.
“Will he be alright with this?”
“Steve!” he cried, uncaring of volume and the guests only a floor below as he helplessly clung to the side of the balcony, ready to ride out the storm, to tumble over the edge into ecstasy, to-
“Want more, Tony?” Steve said through the rush of blood pounding at Tony’s eardrums. He blinked away the black and white splotches at the edge of his vision and nodded, clutching at the stone ledge hard enough to scuff his nails.
"Whatever you need. I'm not going anywhere," Steve agreed, deep and full of promise, and if it wasn't the middle of the night Tony wondered if he might've said
“You just had to stir the pot,” Steve murmured, rolling his eyes to look up at Tony, but he laughed when Tony winked at him.
Tony licked him until his knees were weak - until he thought he could almost come from the onslaught of the intense spikes of pleasure rushing through him. But, each lick was fleeting - enough to tease and frustrate him.
timeline, not even the past-Steve had known they fucked in 2012.
Tony wondered at which point Steve decided to leave the mission parameters and play around in the past. Was it then, looking at the slumped form of his younger self and thinking about ‘missed opportunities’? Or was it later, after they’d successfully ferried Loki and Thor to the jump point and his younger self rode off into the sunset straddling a bike?
Tony perked up again when he realised he wasn’t going to push and Steve couldn’t help but stand a little straighter as the energy in the conversation shifted, falling into familiar habits. It was so easy to be around each other like this - without the pain of betrayal and the frustrated shouting-matches - and Tony's relaxed presence was a balm that soothed an ache inside him.
trust him. He made that abundantly clear during the heist, during the war. Steve had trusted him enough to follow him to the 70s. He trusted him to don the gauntlet and finish the fight.
A rock on the riverbed.
Except the change hadn’t stuck; Tony could remember perfectly - albeit with the fogginess of a decade behind him - that they had definitely, thoroughly, fucked. (Watching the tape back he cringed; he’d been so damn eager to impress. His voice was hoarse for days after that particular trick.) Moreover, if Steve had tried to stop them from fucking in an attempt to stop their fight before Thanos, it hadn’t worked. Ultron still happened; the Accords; Thanos - it had all happened the same in either timeline according to JARVIS. Otherwise, he would have a record of it, just like this.
that the plan? Return the Stones and take the opportunity to prevent his past-self from sleeping with Tony? Change the course of their friendship, and fall-out, and make Tony forget they ever slept together?
was what got Tony from twitching to hard.
“Ugh. Fuck. Sonofa-”
He was sure Steve must have met his exes before - there was Pepper, for one, who Steve had pleasant conversations with every once in a while and had never provoked this kind of reaction. Everyone else was more of a fling than an ex, except Strange who bordered a confusing purgatory betwixt the two. Was it because this time it happened to be a handsome looking fella (as opposed to Pepper, who was beautiful and terrifying)? Tony had already brought up the topic of not mentioning other people while they were intimate, so now was Steve left without the means or tools to ask for a threesome?
“Ohhh,” Peter replied, nodding knowingly and the tension eased in Tony’s gut. He was such a good kid. “Tell me about it? Maybe I can help. I’m a boy. Man.”
"You just like it when I put the work in,” Steve replied wryly, tucking the chain of his engagement ring below the buttons of Tony’s shirt. It clinked against the arc reactor as it settled.
"I shouldn't have gone off mission when I went back. I didn't realise that it would change our reality and that could have cost us a lot more than it did," he admitted and Tony looked up in surprise. "I don't regret being with you, but if I had the chance I wouldn't do it that way again knowing now what happened. You deserved better by me."
yes. Fuck."
“Are you ready?” Steve asked, not sure how much longer he could wait listening to Tony’s dirty mouth while his cock bobbed heavily between his legs. He pulled his fingers out from Tony, only using the tips to massage at his fluttering reddened hole.
To his credit, dawning realisation washed over Steve’s befuddled expression after only a moment of instinctive affront.
“Let FRI know if you need anything,” he reminded. Thor had been living with them for a while now, but it wouldn’t hurt to remind him that there were always people around for company. Human or otherwise.
He smiled behind his shades and had the feeling that Steve was letting him down easy.
Hopefully, it was not the one about the feather boa. He wouldn’t have approved the one about the feather boa. Right?
Happy met them outside the building's entrance and opened the door to the car for Tony. He ducked his head with an amused snort and bundled in the back with Thor and Steve following him after saying their goodbyes. He poked his head out of the open window, the arm of his shades dangling between his finger and thumb.
Tony’s brain helpfully supplied - and wasn’t that peachy? Now he had Elvis stuck in his head, on top of all of this bullshit time-fuckery and a strange blue Loki living under his roof. Tony would ask how his life had gotten to this point, but the answer was in full technicolour right in front of his very eyes.
- thrusts of Steve's fingers stretching him. There was some pain there and Tony tensed all over despite himself in answer to the shocking intrusion, but Steve just kept fingering him through it.
Tony cradled a cup of coffee to his lips and got to work.
"Yeah," Steve replied and Tony knew he had the gall to blush. He couldn't see it, but he knew Steve had a little self-satisfied smile on his face and Tony groaned at the thought of him sneaking lube and a butt-plug into his Captain America suit in the hopes that one day they might need it. Steve’s hands traced through the sweat at the small of Tony’s back, down between his cheeks to touch the base of the plug, lustful and fond. "You don't need to keep it inside you. The idea is nice, but it may be impractical. I wasn’t certain what size would be most comfortable for walking around."
“Yeah, yes: take what you need, big guy,” he encouraged, holding the other man’s hair tighter as he spoke. He wanted to anchor him, let him bask in the liberation and utter assurance of feeling owned, loved.
“He was showing off. It was magic, but-” Steve continued as if he had never spoken, biting cherry-red circles along Tony’s neck. He made a frustrated noise, his throat working over his next words and they seemed to be difficult for Steve to share. “He handed you something and you took it like it was
Steve's hand was cold, too.
“Anybody with him?” He shoved his sleeves up to his elbows and ran a hand roughly through his hair. He winced as a joint caught in a knot.
And here they were: together in the dark again, sharing a bed.
"Hey, Cap!" Tony called back, not at all fazed by his presence. J.A.R.V.I.S must have told him he had arrived. He waved his hand as if he was stroking something in mid-air and the volume of his music lowered. "Change your mind on my offer?"
His expression went from confused to alert in an instant.
"I'm kicking you out," Tony said and Strange laughed, which he felt was a bit unfair. Magic was just another tech he didn't yet understand, but he hadn't had many pleasant experiences with it in the past. It tended to be difficult to study something you wanted to avoid, although Stephen didn’t know that. Tony took a sip of the drink against his better judgement... Still good. "So, what? The Avengers call you when we have an itch we can't reach? A bank to rob?"
“Remind me to tell Steve about Jarvis. I think he’ll like that sort of thing,” he said, shoving his phone into his pocket. He pictured showing Steve photographs of himself as a child in Jarvis’ arms, telling him stories about the way the man fussed with his ties whenever he had a Stark Industries meeting. Not only would Tony be able to share a personal side of himself nobody else but Rhodey knew of, he could honour the memory of Jarvis by sharing the light he brought in life.
“And then?”
Tony would want the record to show that he was perfectly capable of being cruel, but he was not at heart a cruel man, so he did not ask his flustered lover to use full sentences.
“I couldn’t agree more,” Strange replied, lips twisting a little before his fists struck each other and orange light haloed both arms. He nodded to T’Challa and drew a circle in the air. “I will see you tomorrow, your majesty. The rest of you, until next time.” With that, he stepped through a portal into what looked to be the Sanctum library.
“Please, Steve, I can’t- I’ll be so good for you. I’m yours, you bastard, fuck me! Get Strange, make him watch- make him watch you take me, I don't care, just do it!" He knew he sounded needy, a mess, an embarrassment on any other day, but this was Steve, who knew just what to do to get him gagging for it. Steve took him here and he would take care of him.
Tony snorted and wandered over to Parker’s place, giving a show of patting him on the shoulder proudly so he could reach around to steal berries from his bowl. “Excuse me-”
Steve's hands tightened at his hips when Tony found himself pressing his tongue to flush skin. He couldn’t help the breath of pleasure he whispered into Steve’s throat.
Eventually, a large hand clapped Tony's shoulder and he replied, voice hoarse, “They were not my family.”
in the house and you just ‘don’t know’ what’s up with him?” Tony drawled, accepting a fork and a can of soda.
. He felt strangely at home among the cacophony of music and mingling and he joked with friends and schmoozed the rich with thickly veiled insults. He always had a reason to hate events like these; as a child, it was because they were boring, as a teen he wanted to rebel and spitefully distance himself from the Stark name and as a young adult he suffered the weight of the crown on his head. Despite the fact that currently, he would much rather be elbow-deep in the gut of Cap’s Harley-Davidson, he wasn't uncomfortable. Things had changed: the cause, the people, even the house and Tony himself.
It was still so raw. Everything that had passed between them had coalesced to this moment in time. The past had been written and rewritten to form this instant, but the future was their own to choose together. He turned in Steve's embrace and kissed him - not because he had always wanted to, but to share the here and now.
"You've already got my number," Tony pointed out and tossed along with it a wink. Steve's heart pounded in his chest. Tony really wasn't joking.
"Tell me you want more of this?" he murmured and pulled away just enough to acknowledge that Zemo had been right: there was a ring of green around Steve’s pupils. Tony could design a whole arsenal of sports cars based on that colour alone.
had he overreacted? Compromised as he was by his one-sided memory of their time together?
“And breakfast?”
“Are you done?” He asked, fisting the length of Steve’s cock which remained turgid and eager against his calloused palm. He didn't seem all that surprised that Steve was still thick and heavy in his hand, twitching with sensitivity. “I’ve got lube. I really wouldn’t say no to your prick inside me if you’re still good for it. I won’t last long. I’ve been close since you started face-fucking me properly.”
“For a long time,” Tony clarified because he would be damned if - after all that - they stumbled into a misunderstanding and found themselves worlds apart in the light of day.
Together, they braced themselves: on opposite sides of an argument once more, but this time with a common goal. Resolution.
Tony thought wildly.
(It was, technically, half true. He hadn’t realised that he had - without hesitation - taken his drink back from Strange, but he hadn’t been lying either when he told Steve that he hadn’t spared a thought for his old lover in years. They’d stopped seeing each other at some point or another, grew apart, became heroes, and that was the end of that chapter.
In all honesty, Tony was only concerning himself with trawling through the duplicate footage (just a precaution; it wouldn’t do to risk the return of the mad Titan because of a stupid mistake during
“Tony Stark, receiving,” Tony said and the warning screen changed to footage of Maria Hill in tactical gear.
- Tony and Steve - would be alright. He would return the Stones, go home, and reach out an offering of kindness to the Tony he loved.
“Hold me here,” He instructed and made Steve press the flat of his palm to his throat, tucked up just underneath his chin. The skin there was flushed, damp from sweat and the beginnings of stubble scratched at Steve’s palm. Tony grabbed at his cock again, stroking him firmly as he spoke, making Steve's knees week.
He choked back a surprised laugh at the unexpected nickname. Had Tony been keeping that particular moniker to himself all these years?
Lingering in his past and missed opportunities, Steve was overcome with the urge to check in on his teammate. As team captain, it was the right thing to do. Nobody would know he had taken a detour. Nobody would suspect he lingered because he ached to see Tony look at him again with eyes bright with friendship. If he couldn't help his Tony, he was making damn sure this Tony knew that Steve Rogers would always be there for him.
“That’s not the point,” Tony replied, although one day he would enjoy watching the bruises form and fade as they held onto each other.
Pete and Happy were a constant presence, and Rhodey and Pepper would drop in when they had the time. The house was never empty, but everybody was understandably exhausted and seemed to want to lick their wounds in peace. It was a time for celebration, but Tony knew very well that nothing is ever that simple.
"Well I sure do have a lot to learn about the future," Steve said, with a half-earnest smile. At this point, he would have only been de-iced for a few months and had not had sex in seventy years. Sex had a lot more tech involved now for him to explore - perhaps Tony would offer...
"Point," Tony agreed but put the thought aside for later perusal. He wrapped his arms around Steve's shoulders again and kissed him. Steve swayed them slightly and it took Tony a few moments to realise he was dancing to the slow jazz music, softened by the walls and floors below them.
“How-?” Steve took a step towards him and Tony stumbled, body torn between wanting to throw himself towards the man and refusing Steve the honour of being anywhere near his presence, even for a punch in the teeth.
“It’s only been a day,” he pointed out because he was curious to see Steve’s reaction. He wanted Steve to consider it: they’ve only just started spending time in each other’s company for longer than five minutes without the excuse of a third party present.
Steve v.3.0 soon shook himself out of it and stealthily made his way out of the Tower, likely to return the Time Stone to the Sanctum, and the original Steve woke, clearly in a daze. He spotted Loki’s sceptre, spoke into his comms link and the STRIKE team were there in seconds to secure the Stone.
“Like that makes a difference.”
you, I told you more than once that messing with time was a stupid idea and you just had to be Captain Dumbass and get your dick wet in the past when there’s a perfectly good
"Tell me one day why you did it," Tony requested, admiring Steve's jawline. His concentration was starting to fade as the days without sleep, exceedingly high dose of caffeine, and the crash of high-strung emotions finally caught up to him. He wanted to rest.
“Technically we had a moment after the New York fight, too,” Tony added casually, mock-indifferent. He walked around the kid to stand behind Steve, cocking his hip against the backrest of Steve’s chair while he ate his pilfered berries.
to his past self for ever doubting that he and Steve could make a go of a successful relationship. He threaded his fingers through the cropped hair at the base of Steve’s head, tugging playfully as the strands slipped through his digits. He pulled him in for another kiss, confirming the goodwill between them.
He jerked his hips forward, not as a seduction tactic, but because Steve felt so impossibly good looming over him he couldn't
Tony looked into Steve's azure eyes and saw loss and then he couldn't bear to look any longer.
He wondered if it could honestly be that simple: two guys that liked each other, despite the history between them. Was that a workable basis for a relationship (or, at the very least, a real amicable truce)? It wouldn’t be the first time Tony built something from scraps.
“Yeah, yeah, okay.” Peter interrupted, his mouth twitching at the corners as he rolled his eyes. “But you owe me a trip to the Smithsonian and two-” He held up two fingers imploringly. “
“Then yes, that, too.” Tony nodded, as simple as that.
“Show me again,” he instructed, leaning in to watch frame-by-frame as the two Tony’s stopped their synchronized movements to divide their attention in two opposite directions. Once more, one Tony continued to work while the other was distracted and pulled away.
"Fuck, Rogers, everything. You really underestimate my imagination if you think I only thought about one thing,” Tony snarked, Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed down a groan. “But if you actually want me to shut up for a bit, I’m fucking great at sucking cock.”
With some relief, Tony nodded sharply back and felt closer to Steve than ever at that moment. Steve wasn't being difficult. He was giving him the floor - this opportunity to unload the twist in his heart that had been present ever since they defeated Thanos. Perhaps since 2012.
Tony moved carefully until he was braced over the top of Steve, resting his forearms on either side of Steve's head with a rustle against the pillow below. He kissed Steve deeply, tilting his head, and took the time to experience the man he had kissed so many years ago.
know Thor?" Tony frowned, amused. He followed Strange’s finger which gestured to the god himself, who was clearly weaving a story to a small congregation, jabbing the air with one hand while the other curled around one of Bruce’s shoulders.
right here!” Tony said in a rush. Horror filled his chest but he roughly pushed past it: shame and fear had no place here as their forged and broke bonds of trust. Admitting that he - today, now - was interested in Steve tested the limits of his self-preservation. He hadn’t meant to reveal that so soon, but he always performed his best when he was working on the fly. Steve looked shocked too and Tony was perversely glad the admission had unsettled them both equally.
Tony whirled to attention. Not because a voice called his name (something so quotidian it hardly registered as anything more than birds chirping), but because that voice was intimately familiar. It plucked at some long-buried memory, poorly stored and fuzzy due to age and a lack of continued recollection (tainted, too, by the unreliable hum of drugs that glazed over many a memory from years long past), which was enough to pique Tony's curiosity.
Tony smiled and let his eyes wander between the freckles that adorned Steve’s back. They looked like splatters of paint, leftover from an enthusiastic sunset artist. He had smiled because he knew Steve would ask and had spent some time (in-between scrolling Instagram, annoying Fury, and communicating with FRIDAY) considering their options.
"You left on your bike, afterwards," explained Tony.
“You’ve got me,” Tony promised, pressing himself unabashedly against the lethal swathes of Steve’s body. He kissed him passionately, deeply, so that Steve would never be able to doubt his sincerity. “Whenever, wherever.”
“Wait, wait, no! That depends - was it
It was too late to change the past. He had to look forward.
Steve didn’t say
"What I do is much more impressive than that," Strange replied smoothly and Tony got the distinct impression that he was flirting with him - not in a
He met Steve's gaze across the yard and felt distinctly
Tony said and fell into a seat.
“Yes.”
“That won’t stay,” said Steve, a touch breathless.
“Oh fuck,” He gasped, struck by a wave of lust that made his knees weak and he almost tripped over his trousers in an effort to climb the other man. Steve was there to catch him and guide him to the balcony edge. With a large hand in the now chaotic waves of his hair, Steve pushed Tony to bend over and the sun-warmed stone of the barrier pressed in against his stomach. Tony groaned and let his forearms hold his weight against the side as Steve arranged him for his needs.
He told Pete in person, partially because the kid never checked his damn emails, but also because Tony knew he was ready to be an Avenger - for realsies this time. Pete deserved to hear it in person how proud Tony was of him, so he said it out loud and clear. Past the rambling and the awkward way he patted the kid on the head like a five-year-old, Tony thought he’d done all right. Better than Howard, which was all he could hope for.
He scrambled up so one knee was on the bench between Tony’s legs and he wanked himself furiously, face red with effort as he bit his lip, orgasm building. Tony was watching him, eager and open, no defences, no walls, all for
“Forget everything else,” Tony murmured, running his palms down Steve’s chest over the soft cotton sleepwear he wore. He shuffled back until he was straddling Steve’s thighs and found himself at the perfect vantage point to slip his fingertips underneath the hemline of the plain cotton top. He was glad that he couldn’t see Steve watching him, although he knew the dark was no match to the other’s heightened senses. There would be plenty of time for him to look - for greed and lust and possession - but for right now, Tony just wanted to hold and be held. He said as much in a murmur against soft skin, “just... Hold me, Steve.”
Tony kissed him to hide another smile and Steve moaned into the touch and the possessiveness from earlier reared its head again.
“Well, you are blushing so nicely for me,” Tony said, curiosity coming to life like a match to kerosene.
“Jesus, kid. Warn a guy!” He chided, smacking Peter’s hand away a little more firmly than he had meant to. He looked up at him with wild eyes, forcing himself not to panic. “What’re you doing here?”
The whole team were disconnected for months.
He cast his gaze to Thor’s side to the other representative of outer-space-and-all-that-lies-beyond: Captain Danvers. Her eyes were decidedly open, fixed as they were on the nearest pen-pot. She maintained a steady glare, as though the collective assortment of stationery was the cause of her hardship. Tony watched the pot for a full minute, waiting, before huffing out of boredom and deciding that Carol was too chicken to cause a diversion.
If Strange was still around Tony didn't notice. He stayed by his fiancé’s side all night, laughing and teasing and, eventually (finally) making love. The following two impossible, Earth-shattering, universe-altering, orgasms Tony had were - for the record - well worth the wait.
“If you like.”
Tony heaved a lacklustre sigh without consciously meaning to. He peered over the top of his turquoise sunglasses to the others to check he hadn’t drawn attention to his flagging resolve.
(Tony couldn’t help but agree with Scott’s assessment in retrospect: they had
“Great. Okay,” Tony muttered, staring at his sleeping form with some relief. If there had been more occasions, who knew if he would be able to fix it. At least this was contained. One instance of unplanned and unknown time-fuckery was much easier to confront.
Peter shrugged, sheepish. “I bought you some time so you could decide how you feel. And when Captain Rogers left I may have hinted that you sent me to spy and Mr Barnes said
"Ten men and ten women satisfied in the same night springs to mind," Steve replied experimentally, unable to stop the mirth shining in his eyes. He took a step forward, further into the room, and was glad to see the shock on Tony's face before it flitted away to show his own pleased grin.
“Parker is getting good at candids,” Tony agreed, not meaning to gloat but feeling pride all the same. Steve sipped his drink, suspiciously quiet for a moment.
It had taken Tony approximately two and a half years before he was comfortable enough to take things that Steve handed to him. He didn’t remind his lover of that, nor did he explain why it was easy to accept something from Strange. Neither of them wanted serious, so instead, he opted for reckless. “Muscle memory. Can’t forget
Steve stroked his hand over his cock roughly, the tip of him fucking into Tony with fast sharp jabs until he stilled. Tremors wracked through his body and Tony knew he was dying to bury himself balls deep, as deep as he could go, but Steve kept the space; still needing to prove to the baser part of himself that nobody was a threat to their partnership. Tony was his and would beg - was begging - for his prick, his body, his affection, and nothing would change that.
“I know,” Steve said as he pulled back with a smile. His thumbs tracing the thin scratchy lines of Tony’s beard, then the crows-feet that stretched to his cheekbones. “You’re mine,” he added, not possessively; in some twist of fate, Tony was Steve’s whole package, too.
In all fairness - Tony reasoned, as Ross’ monologue once more faded into the periphery- he and Steve hadn’t spent much time together after the apocalypse that never was. Tony had been busy recovering physically and mentally for weeks after the final attack. Then, (as soon as he could hold a phone) he was pouring money into relief efforts, got the grid back online, reunited families, rebuilt homes. And not just the world’s, but his childhood Manhattan home - now the Avengers Mansion - had been gutted and fully refurbished to house the eclectic taste of the Avengers and Co.
“Toni.”
She closed her eyes and grimaced, “Is this what you said to Nika before you killed her?”
So she arrives at the school along with everyone else, and due to the weird look of ‘tweens’ no one seems to notice she’s nearly three years younger than everybody else. She hasn’t been moved up a grade since she started third grade at age six and now she’s nine, and starting sixth grade.
“The chopper will pick you up shortly, and you’ll be dropped right outside Kiev, Ukraine, you’ll find your way to the hotel, the address is on the written brief, it’s Velyka Zhytomyrska St, 2A, Kyiv, Ukraine, 01001, the InterContinental Kyiv, a luxury hotel.”
“I don’t remember much of it honestly, I barely got out the door, my butler had to find me a dress.”
What? She managed to move her arm a little, trying to touch her stomach. She thinks she was able to feel it earlier. Alex. She couldn’t move her hand far enough, it just laid limply at her side.
The helicopter approached in the distance, none of them said anything as they boarded, or as they flew. The landscape was familiar, Russian forest. They’d studied it in history and rudimentary science classes.
As they waited for the chopper, Eva stood near the door silently. She hadn’t looked at either of them since they left the small room with Madame.
“And?” Steve asks
Eva’s was stuffed to the brim with ammo and grenades, which Toni could admire.
Now that Toni could secure Koila she was supposed to goad the guards, get them to take both of them towards the gallows.
The Avengers call was unexpected, she didn’t think there was much of a team left. Most of them were missing or on the run. But a little message gave her coordinates for an abandoned building in New York, and one word: Assemble.
Toni still wore the dress she’d worn to Maximiliano’s funeral just hours ago. Her hair is curled perfectly, and her makeup is flawless, she still feels like an idiot for being so dressed up.
She woke up startled yet again. She was sitting slumped over a bench in the back of a wagon.
“Someone knows I’m here. They suspect we’re...together.”
Toni nods, she always hated this room. She couldn’t remember much about the first day she got here, but she knew she’d been in this room, and she knew it hadn’t ended well. She’d tried to get debriefs moved, but couldn’t be too insistent without raising suspicion.
“Artifact recovered. Appears to be circular shield.” Toni almosts spits out her drink
“You’re lying.”
She smiles tauntingly, even the Instructors seem to be trying to get a rise out of her.
Her stomach dropped with every title she’d seemingly earned for herself over the years. All the work she was expected to do for who knows how long.
“Losing your edge Sobol?” Tania teased, as she landed another hit to her stomach, Toni blinked, barely noticing the punch, let alone the nasty comment, “Maybe” was her reply.
Toni smiled, “You’re the first daughter of Fiji, probably the most high profile prisoner here.”
“Ok Steve.” She sits opposite him and takes the first folder off the top of the stack. The first few are Howling Commandos, Gabe Jones, Morita, Montgomery, Happy, Pinky, Junior and Bucky. Only one is still living in an old persons home in California, Montgomery. His son and grandson became agents. The rest died two of them pretty recently. Bucky’s body was never recovered as she knows, but the Captain seemed to be shaken by it.
Whoever she went home at night, never saw her again, and if they did she didn’t recognize them, and it must’ve been someone who looked just like her because she had that kind of face.
“Do it.” She might be trying to act brave, but the stream of tears running down her cheek give her away, “Another notch on your belt, another bullet from your gun. What’s it matter now? You’re already beyond redemption.”
Skipping down the hallway lightly, Toni ignored the glares, just as she opened her door, Willa tried to exit, bumping into Toni.
“I don’t know maybe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Have you even read these?” Steve wildly shook the thick packet of paper in the air, “Have you seen this stuff?”
Toni wished she could say the expirence changed her. She grew as a person and she stopped her wicked ways. But there was always a party and Toni could always get in, and practically everyone was an enabler. She left the mansion shortly after reciving two manilla folders labelled “Antointte Stark Adoption”, she nearly burned them, but resolved to never look at them, but bring them to her house in New York City.
“He’s a supersoldier of some sort,” Natasha says,
Francesca was Antoinette’s only friend, she spoke fluent spanish and italian, an she taught Antoinette how to speak them too. She was beautiful, and young, despite the fact she’s been watching Antoinette for as long as she can remember. They sit on a hill nearby the house, and lay on the grass as the clouds pass by, Francesca points out what kind of clouds they are, and once in awhile she can see a star peaking out in the sky early, “They can’t wait for night to fall so they shine just a little during the day.”
With a slap to the shoulder and a sweep of the calf, Petra fell to her knees. Toni quickly kneed her in the back, and she fell to the ground with a thud.
“You jackass.” She said, snatching the papers from the table and stuffing it into the folder, and strode down the hall.
Her legs started to shake, so Toni clamped them down with her leg. If she stopped applying force, Petra would recover momentarily, and Toni would have to start again.
Then he walked around the car slowly, to the driver's seat. Her father hadn’t moved yet, and she didn’t know if he was playing dead or if he was dead, but he’d stayed slumped over the steering wheel since she opened her eyes. He tore off the door again, and threw him from the car. She barely refrained from crying out for him, but her only hope was to remain unseen in the back. She could hear his fists drive into her father's body, maybe he was already dead, if not he’d be close now. Finally, she heard the loud thunk of metal hitting asphalt, and he lifted her father from the ground back into the driver's seat.
She subconsciously brushes her stomach, but plays it off as an itch before he notices. She’d not going to trap him with her because of this baby. She wants him to want to be with her.
There were three chairs, and the candidates all took one, Tania snagged the one closest to the door, and Eva took the one farthest. Eva had grown to hate Tania even more than she hated Toni, for killing her best friend.
The ride was silent, she got through security quickly with fake IDs and passports, and only a small backpack to carry.
He didn’t know if he was making sure it hadn’t fallen out, or if he was making sure he hadn’t imagined Fury give it to him in the first place.
“Do what you have to. I’ll be there when you need me.” Steve says,
“I know.” Toni said, “I’m sorry it ended like this.”
“Ok, ok, ok.” Bruce said from behind Toni, putting her hands on her shoulders. He knew that calmed her down. When Bruce Banner was telling you to chill out, it was a bad sign. She never meant to get so heated, but what could she say, she was a great actor.
Toni looks down to her feet, not responding. She doesn’t have the energy. She strides out of the mess hall right through the doorway where they killed Lara. She skips breakfast and lunch that day. Classes go by, and she spars well. No one feels quite right. There’s an odd number of girls now.
“Please.” Toni said, making eye contact with Madame, and momentarily ignoring Katya, who slowly stopped moving, “I’ll do whatever you want, but you can still save her. She’s innocent.”
They’d both chosen directions aiming away from the mansion, so they figured if they walked in that direction long enough, they find the fence.
She started walking soon after that, the rising sun only reminded her how little time she had to complete her mission.
Apparently not.
She could see Nika in his face. The beautiful young girl had little actual similarity, but she could sense a common theme in their deaths.
The soldier stands yards away, his stance is strained and imposing. In one fluid motion, he steps towards them and cocks his gun on his shoulder. Natasha’s guns are still in the car, Sam is still on his back catching his breath from the crash. Steve himself doesn’t feel ready to fit this supersoldier.
She snuck a quick peek over her shoulder as she loaded her few things into the car waiting for her outside, and saw Madame waiting in the foyer, almost out of view.
“I don’t remember my home.” She said, in a poor accent, it sounded like a bad parody of a Russian accent. The girls on either side of her turn to look at each other.
He bled out in his apartment that night, all signs pointed to a break-in. Toni read about it in the newspaper two days later.
“Pack an extra shirt by any chance?” Toni said, gesturing to the dirty, wet shirt drying on the rock.
Toni interrupted with a gunshot, everyone in the room flew to the ground but her, Natasha reacted fast, grabbing Toni and pulling her down the hallway and through the staircases. They went silently, guards were too busy securing the other floors to chase them.
Toni’s train of thought was interrupted by a particularly loud wail, and Toni groaned quietly to herself. She stood up and ambled towards the girl awkwardly. She didn’t look up, and only acknowledged Toni’s presence when she sat down before her.
Now she feels old.
“Yeah.”
In mere moments, they stopped, a dark hallway with a broken light stood between them and courtyard, which held the gallows. The guard's closed in on them, and Koila switched to silent weeping.
“You have got to be kidding me. That’s literally psychotic. That’s just cruel! He’ll wake up thinking he didn’t miss anything, then have it ripped away?”
After breakfast, they silently led the twelve girls down the narrow hallways, past the doors, they were usually told to stop at. The girls in the front of the line paused at them a moment, before continuing with the Instructor.
One of them gets in the back with her, and she slides her back against the walls of the car. He has a handcuff, and before she can pull away, he snaps it shut around her wrist, and drags her to the side of the van where a little metal ring sticks out of the wall. He hops out of the back once she's secured to the wall, and starts to shut the door. Her voice is so hoarse at that point she barely screeches when the doors slam shut.
“That was a long time ago too.”
None of the Avengers crumbled, but all of the newbies did, they got a call from Clint later confirming. She offered condolences to them, but didn’t look Rogers in the eyes. Bucky was dead, or gone at least. She didn’t feel a sense of satisfaction more than anger. Steve obviously thought she’d be pleased to hear the news.
“That was actually pretty impressive.” Toni turned around to a tall brunette guy behind her, playfully smirking, “Bet you can’t double it.”
It’s not long till they find the same window they met at, Manya doesn’t ask her if she wants to return to the party, “Do you want to see where I’m staying?”
Toni nodded as if reassured, she let the girl comfort her a moment longer. She had to admit despite how weak the girl had appeared while sobbing for hours, she had leadership potential.
He nodded, and shuffled out, she heard a few clunks and then the door close. And she was alone.
It would be quiet, which is more than she’d ever hoped for. Sad maybe, but most deaths are.
“Who says that ruins my chances?”
Is that the date? She’s nearly eighteen! Well two years away, but it seemed so sudden. She hasn’t paid too much attention to the year since she was young.
“Sokovia.” The AI responds
Toni’s voice cracked, “Her?”
The Instructor turns towards her, “Madame. I’m sorry is something the matter?”
“What?" she snapped. The needles lightly pressed again she could feel dread pooling.
She strides to Toni, “What are you doing here?” Toni says,
“So what are you going to do now?” Rhodey said
He turns sharply, but the second guy is gone too. He’s alone on the roof, out of breath with nothing to show for it.
“No.” Toni sighed, Natasha wasn’t going to let her infiltrate the meeting unless she trusted her, which meant Toni was going to have to trust Natasha first. “He killed my parents two weeks later.”
Her unwillingness to take their bait left them agitated and bored, something she knew she’d pay for in the morning.
“Hydra,” Madame replied, if she was annoyed at being cut off she didn’t show it.
Eva would be with her in the basement right now, if another girl Lidia Yakovlev hadn’t walked down to the armory just before dinner last year and shot herself in the head.
The girl stopped crying a moment to look surprised, then it shifted to suspicion, “How’d you know?”
“But I’ll be eighteen when the baby’s born, if it’s born in July like expected, I turn eighteen in May.”
Doing her best apparently meant doing her worst, and maybe she got a little out of control. Fucking a new guy or girl every other day, hitting crack three ways to sunday isn’t known to be the best grieving process but who’s really to say it’s bad.
She furrowed her brow, “Где я?” she repeated,
Sorry this took literal years to write, I think I rewrote it at least twice. Working on the next one now and it should be done soon.
He saw a doctor, she pretended to cry. Why was the world taking away her one good thing? She pleaded with him, and slept with him that night. But soon the urge to have sex would go too.
“No. I am.” Katya says, “But I have morals. I have a soul. More than you can say.”
“Antoinette Stark?” Sasha asks incredulously,
“You died.” Madame says, “I saw the body myself.”
The draw pulled her eye, and she bore into it like it might catch on fire if she stared long enough.
Lara begins to wail and plead. Tears are running down her face in seconds, and she flung her body forwards and backwards with each wail.
Finding Sitwell should be a good thing, but Steve has an uneasy tension in his chest. As they drive down the highway, he wants to turn around to see what’s coming every other minute. But he stops himself because he’s being ridiculous, till the steering wheel of the car is ripped out from above, and Steve almost screams they crash so fast.
“She broke her toe?” Toni said incredulously, “She never said anything.”
In one fluid motion she flung the wet shirt over her shoulder, and pivoted towards the noise.
Tania claims her as an opponent instantly, and the others pair up haphazardly, too nervous to strategically choose. None of them seem to know their own weaknesses or their classmates strengths. None of them seem to care.
“Antonia Sobol!” She says, “I’d be mad if I wasn’t so happy to see you!”
Toni laughed airily, “Oh dear, how will you fulfill your dreams of being a lingerie model now?”
Eva and Tania got off first, and Toni followed, they all silently chose different directions. In their hands were firearms and assault rifles. They all wait for the horn to sound, a small hut sits in the clearing where the helicopter landed, smack dab in the middle of the forest. A little speaker is attached to it to broadcast the horn.
“She was in Silence of the Lambs?”
Natasha stops, and Toni gulps, “Are you?”
He stared a moment, “You were in an accident?”
They took her down a short hallway to a dark room with a single chair surrounded by tables.
His face was beautiful as usual, shaven, and perfect. Just the way she remembered the pictures on Howard’s desk.
“Who?”
Just like in their target practice, she’d gotten a bullseye. An angry red dot placed neatly between Nika’s dark black eyebrows.
“Howard gave her Stark Industries? I can’t even imagine.”
“I have a few reason.” She says, “So of which seem less valid now, but I don’t see how it’s stupid.”
“I suppose not.” Toni said, her voice almost cracked. Her whole body was urging her to run, but where would she go? She’d not been let out of this prison of a mansion since she got here.
“Toni?” A familiar voice says, ironically the second she’d given up hope and retreated to the snack bar was when Lucie happened upon her.
“What would I know?” Toni says finally, Nika had to take a break for a second, “ I’ve been Tania Utkyn’s personal punching bag since I was eight.”
She coughed at kids, she never told Rhodey, but she wanted to now.
No mention of Ursula, no mention of the whore house or Nazram. It’s all been lies. She’s not safe. A moment after the realization sets in, she loses her breaths, tears start to pool in her eyes and she can’t stop them from tipping over and running down her face.
“Yes.” She said, looking around her room to tidy and mess. She’d just managed to close her closet when she heard a knock on the door. “Come in!” She said.
“It’s the bag with all the supplies and your written brief, it’ll be on the chopper.” She glances at her watch, “Speaking of which, we need to leave.”
Toni’s face rashes with blood and she wants to scream. How could Katya have blamed her for Nika’s death, when she was the one who told on her? But what if this was a lie? Katya couldn’t exactly defend herself at the moment, could she?
The soldier quickly wraps one hand around Amanda’s neck and raises her in the air.
“What?”
“Stark.” She looked up, the drivers’ seat door was mostly ripped off, so she could see a man in black, covered in glass and blood standing above her, “This is for Captain America. Long live the revolution, let the Accords die!” he yelled, and Toni took his hesitation to rip her pistol from her jeans. She squeezed her eyes shut and jammed the trigger just a few times, but the silence between shots felt like years. He fell face first onto the glass surrounding her.
“I missed. I think.” Toni replies,
“Oh,” Steve is standing there holding a bowl of something, “Hey Toni.”
“A Stark in public?”
“You’ll all be dropped in the middle, and sent in different directions. When you hear the horn for the first time, you’ll run, the second time means the game begins. Run back to the mansion when it’s one of you is dead.”
Tania laughed, but it was hollow, they both paused a moment when Tania leaned in, “Who’s dead then?”
“Steve is fine. Who are you?”
“That’s not fair!” she cried, “Give me another go! Let me destroy her.”
“Yes, a public school.”
“You and Steve are trying to fight Pierce head-on?”
“Svetlana pulled the trigger.” Toni said grudgingly.
At night they cuff her hands to the wiry metal headboard, just like all the other girls. After a few weeks of this, she has an angry red band around her wrist just like everyone else.
I love this chapter tbh, just love
Toni was glad she’s never been on the wrong side of that look.
“We’ve set up a replica-”
Nika’s brow furrows, “She’s not that bad. What would you know about it?”
He’d never admit it but he sighed a breath of relief. He probably shouldn’t have done that anyway. Natasha would be upset, maybe he just wouldn’t tell her.
They set her down and clamped both her shoulders to the back, while forcing the arm restraints around her wrists.
Brynn frowned, “Toni-”
“Sure, that’d be great.” He said, smiling.
“A couple girls, a few nannies of my own. And you.”
AA meetings give her more of a routine then normal but she supposes that’s a good thing. Her mentor gets concerned when she doesn’t show up, and when she does answer her phone, so her late night design binges and consequential two day long naps are cut down to a minimum to keep Lena, her mentor, from going bat shit on her. She loves Pepper but it’s different when it’s not completely her job to check on Toni.
“What do you mean you won’t be the last candidate Nika?” Toni said finally, “You’re amazing in class. Maybe you aren’t the best at sparring right now, but there’s only room for improvement.”
During a nightmare of an evening fueled by red bull an and uneasy feeling of being forever alone, Toni created JARVIS. Almost no one made the connections between JARVIS and Jarvis, except Rhodey.
Two rounds in the head, and one in the sternum. Just to be safe. She placed the pistol on the ground gingerly, before finding a plain wall to slide down.
“As a heart attack.”
“It’s my favorite chemical element right now.”
Long term poisonings took more than a slip of a hand and the trading of a side dish. You needed to be close to them as you killed them, they had to trust you.
Toni scoffs, “Funny.”
Steve grabs her hand and she continues, “I know Barnes was as much as a puppet as I was. I’m not mad at him anymore. But I can’t let Pierce get away with this. I have to shut the Red Room down.”
Most nights they talked about her, once the Instructors left them in the great big hall filled with beds, they all lay on their backs and whispered, gossiped. Not always about her, but usually someone would chime in with a comment on her hair, or some ‘totally weird’ thing she’d done in class that day.
“I didn’t know all that.” Toni says quietly, “I thought the name had been chosen a long time ago.”
“She saw me and asked what I was doing, and I said I was donating blood.”
The nearest exit was only two hallways down, they’d been told that every door had an Instructor ready to end the trial. The look on the Instructor who opened the doors face was priceless, only hours ago, Toni had been sent in unarmed, to die, and now she had her would be killer at the wrong end of an AK-47. She’d feel proud if there wasn’t a lump in her throat every time she remembered Mila’s body lying in the hallway.
“Your parents?” Steve said, “They were his targets?”
The woman looked at her curiously, as if not seeing her, “Antonia Sobol?” She said
One of her kidnappers remarked, “We’re going to need it after all.”
She steps forward, but Madame stepped back, “I wouldn’t if I were you.”
“Oh you would, wouldn’t you. Is it true you killed three girls in an afternoon?”
“No, but you can call me it.”
The Captain chuckles nervously, “Yeah, definitely Howard’s daughter.”
“Maybe. Maybe, I’ll think about it.”
Howard walked in before Toni could even begin to process the last ten minutes.
Nika’s death was a form of torture, as was the stress of being eliminated and being forced to eliminate their friends and classmates. The way that Katya was killed, and how they used it against Toni, forcing her to ‘mercy kill’ Petra is a subtler form of torture too, making it Toni’s fault at least in her mind, and making her classmates think she’s crazy and likes killing people.
“I didn’t want her to die!” Toni said, “They made me!”
Toni sunk from her knees, she leaned against the wall crying, “Please don’t hurt me, please, I didn’t want to, I didn’t want to, he made me!”
“Did you french?”
All three of us? Toni looked towards Klara, who was grinning wilding at her, then towards Tania who seemed more interested in her mashed potatoes than the conversation going on feet from her.
“We need to help her!” Steve exclaims suddenly
“What? I would never. And you’re avoiding the whole state because of one person? Geez, what’d they do to you?”
She grabbed the change of clothes laying at on the dresser to the right of the bed, “Tones, you shouldn’t go now.”
So it was better if she didn’t daydream, lest her imagination get the better of her.
“Darling, I’m sure she knew she was safe with us, and felt comfortable.” Madame starts down the hall,
-If you think I actually rewatched the incredibly awkward scene between Sharon Carter and Steve in the hallway 7 times to get the dialogue, you are absolutely right. And yes it was painful.
But that wouldn’t be fair. It’s not his fault his friend turned out to be a abusive alcoholic.
“So where have you been going?” Lucie asks, “To school I mean.”
They all stood in pairs practicing together before the spar. Nika blandly held up the boxing target for Toni to hit, saying nothing.
Steve was about to scoop him up when the door shot opened, he leaped to his feet in defense but was momentarily shocked by Kate from downstairs in his hallway.
“What?” She says, dumbfounded, “How do you know my name?”
It looked less impressive the second time, probably because it had little purpose.
The door cracked open and an eighth grader told them it’s lights out soon, and they need to return to their beds. Toni said good night and wandered to her room.
He was already poisoning himself. He carried a pack of thick, expensive cigars wherever he went, and a smaller bunch of cigarettes for emergencies.
Annie walked into school that day normally as she did every other day, but when she got to the classroom she beelined for the girl in the back’s desk, “What’s your name?”
“And listen to you complain about it for the rest of the evening? Not a chance. Just pick a number one through twelve.”
Huge windows stood opposite them, letting in magnificent natural light from the rising sun over the mountain tops. All across the perimeter of the room were wooden bars fastened to the walls, a few propped up bars on wheels sat in the corner. And behind them was a full length mirror, covering everything but the last foot of the wall where the door was.
Toni swallowed slowly, “We should go.”
“You’re still beautiful, it’ll barely even scar.” She tries to wrap Tania arm around her neck and dragged her towards the mansion, but Tania stops her,
Toni paused, she’d never thought in depth about the elimination process, ever since Nika’s death all she’d been focused on was surviving.
“What? Are you going to hit me again?”
“Tones.” He said softly.
If it’s a good story Toni doesn’t know, she only focuses on getting the word out and making sure Tania’s breath doesn’t dip too low.
“Who is that?” Nat says, limping but looking more confused than hurt. Sam’s right behind her and they both stand watching the two dark figures attack each other.
“Another mission complete. You know most assets don’t get their first mission till graduation.”
She was never paid. But groceries were dropped off every week, her bills were never sent directly to her, and she had a single card that seemingly never ran out of money when she shopped for clothes or furniture.
He nodded, and gathered up the rest of the letters, handing them to her in a stack. “Thanks.” She replied, paused a moment, still sitting in the middle of the hallway before Amanda started laughing.
The bartender emerges again from the back, with a shotgun, but Toni waves him away, “It’s ok Steve, I’ve got this. Just cuff her.”
“Mine couldn’t miss work. I’m Sasha.” She held out her hand and Ann shook it without a word, “Are you going to tell me yours?”
“And you really don’t want my scrubs in your machine.” She jokingly continued, “I just finished a rotation in the infectious disease ward, so.”
“Kozlov will not be in charge of your roll call from now on. I will do it today, and perhaps tomorrow, then a new Instructor will be assigned.”
“You killed him!” she cries
I've been trying to get in touch with user EQfan74, if you know them or have can contact them, please send them my way.
The prostitutes in Howard's bedroom seemed to amuse Lucie, and her perspective on the situation calmed Toni down a lot.
“It’s being repurposed.”
“I don’t think the world would ever leave us alone after that. ” He says, pulling a shirt over his head, “We don’t need to, why can’t we keep it to ourselves a while longer?”
Madame smiles cautiously. “Of course.”
“What? Why?”
Koala's sobbing began as they walked through the filthy hallways. A guard led them through the building, and another stood behind them, in case they ran.
“Steve,” Natasha grimaces, clutching her hip, “Do it.”
“What about the Malibu office? I heard that one’s pretty nice.” Clint mentioned the day after she moved in. Her plan of dicouraging inter floor movement had not worked.
“Stand.” She said, pausing a moment next to Eva’s body, she looked down,
Steve was not a fan of Toni joining them on the missions,
The girl begrudgingly stood up, slowly resting the other girls head on the ground, as she turned Toni shot her eyes to the body and recognized it as Mila. When she’d fully turned around Toni could see Eva had been drenched in blood from her stomach down, Mila’s blood.
Her dreams kept shifting, the more she concentrated on each image, the further away they flew. She was out of breath like she’d been running for a long time, but she wasn’t going anywhere.
Nxt chapt will be a couple of years later, and will be in Steve's POV!!
What.
“So who’s won the prize?” Madame says, Toni blinks, she didn’t know there was a prize.
Toni’s eyes shot to Katya, she was still sitting in the chair, but there was a thin red line across her neck that quickly began dripping blood.
“Hello Asset.”
“I suppose they let that slip too.” Madame said
“You are in charge of keeping it clean, and well cared for.”
“So...Antoinette, would you like to explain your actions these past few months.” Howard finally pointed out the elephant in the room bluntly,
“To kill the soldier.” She says suddenly, “And that’s not actually my name.”
“However, I will not be helping her, and she and you are currently unable to administer basic first aid. She’ll bleed out in minutes at this rate, the more she squirms the faster.”
“We have an asset inside already, she’ll be watching to make sure you’re successful and she’ll get you out safely.”
Antoinette knew she was wrong, stars shine all day, but the glare of the sun hitting earth is much stronger and blocks out the meniscus light the stars put out, but she never corrects Francesca.
But the real reason Toni was still here was left unsaid, her father might as well own the school.
He looked at her confused
There are five pools of girls in schooling at the moment, all training to be that last girl standing, the one who gets a code name, missions, and most importantly: freedom.
“Was it good?” Sindy asked curiously
“So you’re keeping the baby?” the doctor said, “If you’re not, you only have a few more weeks, maybe less to decided, they tend to be very strict about this sort of thing, especially with minors.”
“I beg to disagree, you almost apologized to me for a second there.” She said,
“Antonia.” She says, “It’s over for me.”
“Hello?” She pauses, “This is she.”
“Howard-” Mother started
Sasha was thankfully alone, which is rare. “What do you want?” She said, mildly surprised,
“I said stand.” Toni commanded again, more forceful now
-All of Toni’s fake names start with her actual initials even the Red Room name Antonia Sobol.
Brynn was right, they keep the story alive for some time after her ‘relationship’ is dead. Even without lines to read between.
“It’s dead.” She says, turning her head from them, hot tears bunch up under her eyes and the bridge of her nose stings, “My baby is dead.”
“It’s not a bad thing.” Nika says, “I mean Tania brings it up a lot. She says you’re secretly a boy.”
“She’s an indentured servant in Moscow. They used to let me send her letters, but they stopped after year six. I haven’t heard from her or anyone in my family since.”
“Avenge,” Toni says evenly, her hands are still now
He motioned her out the back of the van after he cuffed her. The second her feet hit the ground she moved to run, but two large men stood on either side of her, and grabbed her arms.
Petra must’ve noticed too, because she went completely still for a moment, before she began to wildly swing her legs, and bang her hands on Toni’s.
Maybe they didn’t know her bed was three down from theirs, or maybe they didn’t care.
The place was bugged then, probably by Fury himself.
As she held the cloth in the water for a few minutes, she heard a small twig snap behind her.
“It’s because.. I’m-”
“I don’t know. I think so. I don’t know.”
With her help, they cut through the bottom of the van and make their escape before the agents even open the doors.
Eva shifts uncomfortably in her seat, not making eye contact with anyone, but scanning the room for armed Instructors.
“I’m avoiding someone in California. Are you trying to get rid of me Barton?”
“Jason!” Carly exclaimed giving him a playful tap, she shook her head, “but it’s true, multi-billionaire accompanied the actress to the show, and the the party afterwards, despite the fact his wife Maria and young daughter were also there.”
Her room is empty, but she has a roommate, Lucette Steele ironically the daughter of another tech company CEO, she can’t help but wonder if someone did this on purpose. Lucette is a week late for some reason, so she ventures out into the hallway, which is bustling with parents moving their kids into their rooms. Her parents wished her luck from the dining room this morning, and then Jarvis drove her to the train, he looked regretful and told her he wished he could come help move her in but her father need work done. Jarvis lost the role of nanny when Ann turned nine. Apparently she no longer needed one.
They move to the courtyard, and Francesca grabs some paper and pencils, and they sit at a table and draw, Francesca draws the hill they sat on, and the clouds, and the stars peeking out from the sky, and the house in the background. She adds in herself, and Antoinette another figure next to them.
“Howard?”
“They were attempting to blackmail me, Madame.” Toni says finally, after Madame had cooled down a bit and was pausing.
The hotel was tall, and intimidating, like the Red Room mansion, but for different reasons.
“If you’re having sex, even lesbian sex, take the pill.” Maria stated calmly.
Uniforms? Toni thought to herself, the girls around her exchanged glances but no one dared to question, they filed into through the door one by one till all the girls stood in a line in the studio.
And she gave whatever it took.
“Where’s my mother?”
“Yeah Antoinette?”
“Ok Evelyn, what’s your problem with me?”
“I told him to come by noon and not to barge in, so we should be fine.”
“Toni I couldn’t-”
“I don’t want to go to anymore award shows, they’ll just make fun of me!” Her voice cracked every other word but she choked out her concerns,
It was Rhodey who picked her up off the floor a while later, in fact nearly two years later on December sixteenth, in a week it’d be an annaversary of her one night stand and conceiving. Then in a few monthes the next birthday of her child.
“I’m sorry Stark. I really have to go.” She hopped of the large couch and tugged on some jeans she must have brought. “I can’t be with you. You’re too much, their gonna read between the lines if we try to hide it.”
“I paid off the doctors and the press. If someone dug into my records, they’d find out about the pregnancy.”
But it was June. Toni was tired. She’d made plans for the end of the school year, Rhodey and her were taking the metro back to MIT to start the summer program early, and Toni didn’t want to do anything to jeopardize this. So she sat back and listened.
Toni swallowed hard. They liked to run these tests, give one group an advantage, send the other running, like a game of hunting. They’d done it a dozen more times after the first, but hadn’t used it for elimination since Mila. She didn’t like the sick look in Eva’s eyes as she realized the similarity to their first trial.
“Do we know her?” Sam says incredulously,
They must’ve had some sort of gas or weapons in their backseat, because the explosion mostly went backwards. She could see the flames above her and behind her, but her car was mostly untouched by the fire. The metal and glass however, was bent and sprayed all around her, she could barely reach for the back pocket  of her jeans.
Brynn looked down the street for a moment before saying, “Point the way.”
“Are you ready for tomorrow Sobol?” One says, “I’ve been looking forward to kicking your ass for a while now.”
Toni swallowed hard, “She’s quite delusional.” Madame continued.
She doesn’t respond, turning her attention to the shooter, “You just gonna stand there?”
Pierce chuckles, “Ms. Romanov.”
No one can pick her up, not even her nanny, so a teacher's assistant drives her, she doesn’t live far. They don’t say anything to her in the car, the silently drop her off, and walk her to the door, a maid answers and she walks in, the assistant is gone by the time she turns around. Mother already knew she’d been expelled, so she stood in the archway waiting. Mother didn’t come around, so Antoinette walked over to the wing were Mother and Father slept. The hall was long and there were identical doors on either side, one went to Mothers room, and the other went to Father's, she walked slowly and quietly as to not bother Father side and was about to knock on the door when Father’s door swung open. Her nanny, Francesca stood in the doorway, retying the belt of her wrap dress. “Antoinette!” she exclaimed, almost nervously, “What are you doing kiddo?”
“That is not how things will go for you,” Steve pointed out. “One does not simply hit Hydra and walk away. You know their motto—cut off one head, two more grow to replace it. They will retaliate. Whether you want it or not, the war is at your door. Your mole brought it to you. You would be wise to make sure the hit, when it comes is big enough that they don’t walk, or even crawl away from it. Because if they do, you will be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life. I am not trying to scare you… It is just what they do.” Steve became quiet with the thought of Hydra’s eye on Tony Stark.
Hello. This is my first attempt at fanfic. It was a personal challenge to play with characters not my own, living in a world not quite their own and seeing where it goes. I welcome comments and criticism.
“He spoke to you.” Steve said quietly. The itch was beginning to crawl beneath his ribcage now. “What did he say?”
“It’s
“Look at that! They’ve laid out the welcome mat for us. All lit up like a…” Tony said.
His feet sinking into the soft snow, keeping the machine between himself and the edge, he began to push the snowbike down the ledge into the open mountainside. There was not much light, but he had excellent night vision and right now, he was too close to the militia base to use the torch. The risk was not worth it.
“Only the last one. But you knew that before you disappeared. We found the driver. He managed to run before the pigs showed up. He is safe.”
“Only you could see it then,” Steve whispered. “Only you.”
Steve didn’t say anything.
When Tony returned home late that night he lay down in bed to collate all the data he had failed to collect. Dr Stephen Strange was right. There was precious little data to make any conclusive statement on the whole soulmate question.
“Band-aids on bullet wounds,” they said at the same time. They laughed softly at the old shared memory and then silence fell again.
“What? How to make yourself cry?” Steve crossed his arms, trying not to smile.
Tony took the viewing scope and looked down at the milling militiamen.
“Just regular grocery stuff. The medicine and the machine tools got in safely. Most of the food and clothing has already been shifted. We stopped when we realized you were missing. Since then everything has been sitting in warehouses 3, 7, 10, 15 and 17.”
“The man Stane was mad to have tried it, doctor. He could have killed Stark,” said Strange.
Steve let out a long breath. He hadn’t slept since the night they had dragged Tony Stark into the cellar. That one misstep was costing him more in peace of mind than when he lost four men in the last raid. He wondered what that said about him as a leader.
The man slapped him. Tony closed his eyes. It hadn’t even been a hard slap. But he had felt it in every atom. Tears sprung into his eyes and he screwed them shut.
“Bullseye,” Steve breathed.
Steve looked at the compass, got up and readjusted his own position. Then tilted his hand so Tony could see the needle pointing true north, at himself.
Steve woke up with a stifled scream. His head radiated with pain. He looked around and he looked around to get his bearings. He saw that he was lying hidden between bales of hay as the old tractor moved ponderously over the rutted landscape. His arm felt alright, so he realized the pain he had woken up to was not his own.
Bucky had never heard Steve talk so much. He didn’t know what to do with it. Steve’s voice was steady and resigned. Like he knew something was wrong, but he was ok with it. And that was not the Captain of the Howling Commandos that he knew. Steve thrummed with a quiet rage against the world. A controlled explosion. Steve’s quiet acceptance worried him more than the idea of the coming battle.
“Do as you deem best, but don’t leave him in the dark. I think Stark deserves to get a heads up about what is coming,” Nat said and jumped off the roof.
Tony stood up. “Right. Let’s go chat up a Russian assassin. Again.”
“And now for the vinegar,” said Tony as he dribbled the liquid into the yellow powder, which immediately began to smoke and like magic dissolved into a brilliant earthy shade of red.
“As if you didn’t hear every single word said downstairs,” Steve sighed as he sat down heavily.
Tony thought about that, then said, “I think I like mine better.”
“Glad to be of service Mr Stark. May I say that you are looking very well today,” Jarvis said as he settled down in his own chair and began to pour for himself.
Pep’s painstaking file combing had thrown up some interesting facts. Every so often a truck would take a little detour, off the record and off the files and make a little pit stop at a remote gas station before entering the country. The clue had been in the disproportionate mileage that the trucks seemed to register. Sometimes too high, sometimes too low. Now that Tony knew they were switching the entire trucks out, he was surprised they were even taking care of little details like the odometer readings. Their mole was smart. And meticulous. Tony did not like that combination.
“What did you mean you had forgotten the words?”
“I’m on it. Talk to you soon,” Pepper said and left.
“What makes you happy, Steve?”
“I’m waiting for the part where we may have got it wrong.”
“With regard to his capabilities, well yes, he does. But there is more to a man than his talent and intelligence. Let’s just say he is notoriously bad tempered,” Jarvis said. Tony knew there was more to that story, but he also knew he was not getting any more on the subject. Besides, that was not the reason he was here.
Then Blondie had asked about militia groups and Tony was horrified that those bastards were the men the Howlers suspected he was selling weapons to.
“I am not going to say the words. In fact just to be on the safe side. I am not going to say any words near them. You will have to be my voice to the gang. Say I have been traumatized by the incident and am not likely to get over my paranoia. Too hysterical for a face-to-face or something,” Tony said.
Tony turned to the monitor bank behind him.
. This was not a world in which you could make a life together, but you sure as hell could die together. It had been a good dream. A nice sentiment. Then he had grown up some more and decided that it was not going to happen for him and he was alright with that. He had money, friends and a life of sorts. He had more than most and he was a version of happy. It was enough.
The long dark coat and the helmet were a great disguise. From the air, Steve had spotted what had looked like a garage. Steve stumbled to where he had seen smaller vehicles parked just a few hours ago. He hoped that enough snow vehicles had escaped the carnage that he could steal one. As he limped on, hugging shadows and slipping between pillars and doorways, he felt himself cheer up. This area was completely undamaged, perhaps all the vehicles would have escaped the inferno. He thought his chances were rather good.
In fact he was leaning a bit too far. Somebody stop him leaning. He tried to hold out his arm to steady himself but his coordination was gone. He fell on the floor face first and pain bloomed across his cheek. His teeth cut into his cheek and his mouth filled up with blood.
“Leave that for now. When is not as important as who. Any clues on that?” Tony asked.
Tony liked that sentiment. He lived by it. The world may burn above him, but he could be the weed that survived underground waiting for his chance. And Jarvis, the librarian had been a close personal friend of his father and a mentor to him. Now Jarvis ran the underground information highway, keeping tabs on everything that happened that they didn’t tell you about and everything that didn’t happen even though they told you it did. Tony was one of Jarvis’s biggest sources. And Jarvis was one of Tony’s real friends.
That thought jolted him. He had to get to Tony before the man did something stupid like put himself into danger, or die. He stumbled on.
He spat.
“This was the call to commence the very first series of love taps. I was gagged at the time… so I couldn’t say anything. Point is, nobody knows,” Tony said.
“So what do you suggest? What is it you want of us?” Potts asked.
“Tony.”
“I know I do. You make me happy too. But that was not what I asked. What makes you happy? What… not who…” Tony shook his head, smiling.
The research about healthy bonds was all rainbows and butterflies kind of perfection that made Tony want to barf. Emotions that traveled via the bond. Experiences and feelings that echoed between soulmates. It sounded like a fun experiment. Since his bond was partial would it mean that he could feel what The Cap felt? Sense him somehow? Use it to catch him? He remembered the flood of pain that come when the bond had formed and felt a twinge of regret. The bloke had had a tough life. Even with his perfect recall Tony could not make out individual memories just the sensation of loss and pain. Tony bit his lip and wondered if he really wanted to open himself to more of that.
Steve began laughing, then he yelped. His body was stitching itself back together at an accelerated rate. Tony groaned in sympathy. He felt the pull in the lungs and cradled his hand above the phantom hole in his body.
“As opposed to something stupid like
He was still exhorting himself to think when the door burst open and two long bangs followed by a crash alerted him to the aching feeling that something was wrong. Something was very wrong.
Steve jerked his head to look at Tony. The movement made him wince, and he squeaked, “What?”
“There were no casualties. A lot of the weapons cache was burnt to cinder. I’d like to think we helped. We left when Shield took charge. Nat is watching over the whole thing. We’ll know if something slips through the cracks.”
Tony grabbed for him.
“What she said. But I also reserve the right to laugh in your face and say I-told-you-so when it all goes to hell in a handbasket and you sit there in the ruins of your… Right love and support,” said Rhodey.
Steve licked his lips clear of the snow and tasted the phantom sweetness of honey and Tony. He smiled and listened for the sounds of the men and the hound and waited until they left. The snow was not his grave, not today. It was just a place to hide and stay safe. There was a radio squawk summoning the men to the rescue efforts at the Hydra schloss. The men and their dog took off running. Steve rose a few seconds after and gulped in the fresh air. He lifted his eyes to his wrist. His soulmark told him that his fears were not justified. This can’t be happening, it reassured him.
Steve shook his head. “He is a maker. Have you seen his hands? I think he should only make good things. If I could have it my way, he’d never have to…” Steve sighed. That road through dreamland never led anywhere.
“That bad, huh?”
“Look at you,” Steve gurgled, wet and coughing blood, “You are an angel after all. You saved me, thank..,” he stuttered and coughed again.
Well it didn’t matter. If only he could find something to do. Somewhere to put all this excess energy that was buzzing like white noise inside him. Someway to scratch this damnable itch that was settling right under his bones.
“And what’s the truth these days?”
Bucky was right. It was three days before Clint was back. He was brown with road dust and looked exhausted. Between mouthfuls of food he related his adventures.
Time can be a fractious thing. In the span of a moment the sky falls and the world explodes. On one side of the moment all was well. On the other side, was hell.
“Hydra will not let Stark walk away from it. They will not simply watch a lucrative supply chain break without retaliating. Is that what Stark thinks? He can get rid of the mole, break the chain and that will be all?” Steve was getting irritated now.
Steve looked at him with a strangely blank expression. His mouth twisted into a shape that might have been a smile, or a grimace. Tony could not decide. A
Steve shivered. But Tony did not go looking for the answer, using his soulbond key to explore the dark spaces of Steve’s mind. He waited for Steve. Smiling and gentle. Infinitely patient, like he never was with the rest of the world and suddenly Steve felt special.
Rhodes turned around surprised. “Probably at the precinct yard in the east district. Why?”
“Hidden compartment,” she agreed. “Clint is watching right now to see who comes for it.”
“I don’t think it is a weapon they got there Cap,” said Nat. “Couldn’t see clearly but they seemed to be dragging a body.”
Tony shut up and waited. He knew that expression. She had something to say but hadn’t made up her mind yet. They watched the sky and looked for the absent stars. “There is a universe out there somewhere,” Pepper said softly swinging her legs gently.
“What dya wanna do with the fucker?”
Steve wondered why the soulbond didn’t show him Tony’s mind like Tony, apparently, could see his. He wondered if it was because Tony saw in more colours than the seven that mere mortals were limited to. Maybe his mind was too brilliant to see... like sunlight that glints off fresh fallen snow, so brilliant it is blinding.
Steve looked down at his breakfast. Tony had dripped honey in heart shapes and they had melted into the soft fluffy pancakes leaving just the warm brown intertwined shadow hearts. Steve smiled and putting down his knife and fork rolled the top pancake and stuffed it into his mouth in two giant bites. The woody sweetness of honey, he decided, was much preferable to having it plain, with butter, or with cloying syrup. He was grinning like a lunatic by the time he finished. Then he yawned and decided he too was wiped out by last night. He settled down in bed next to Tony, pulling the sleeping form into himself. Tony snuffled.
Steve’s Howler monkeys were doing most the surveillance work. That was the only way to keep it a secret from his own organization. It did not sit well with Tony. He felt disloyal, suspecting his men. It was a strange reaction—this sense of failure, rather than fury over the betrayal. He found himself wondering if he should have seen it coming? Done something to prevent it? Been a better employer, the kind who nobody wants to betray? He rubbed a hand across his face. He was tired.
“Yes and no, Jarvis. Yes and no. He gave me everything he had and yet it was all highly unsatisfactory. What I was looking for… I think I know where to find it. Now if only I could make up my mind on whether what I want is what I need,” Tony laughed.
“It is too much to ask for silent adoration and loyalty?” Tony asked.
But he couldn’t look away either. So he scowled and tried to hold on to his anger and push down on the memories that had flooded into him when his soulmark had realized. There was a reason the man looked so… haunted. Tony shuddered and felt the anger against Steve slipping away. So he did the next best thing. He became furious with himself.
“Ok stop, you make me blush and that is not a good look on me,” Tony sniffed.
And he went to watch Tony fidget. Holding his tongue, for whatever reason, was probably not the easiest thing for him. As Nat, Potts, Rhodes, Clint and Bucky spoke, Tony’s fingers twitched. Steve had learned the difference between the twitches that accompanied agreement, to the ones that came when Tony had a better idea. He had watched the time when Tony jumped to his feet and ran out of the room, returning with a sheet of paper he handed to Potts. Potts shook her head at the man and then made a neat tweak to the plan. After that incident, Tony had kept paper close at hand. And regularly passed notes in class.
When he was alone, Steve looked down at his unmarked wrist. It had reddened where he had been scratching at it. It wasn’t always empty. He remembered having words there once, long ago. But like everything else, he had lost his soulmark too. He didn’t even remember the words any more. He had a vague memory of his mother singing a song about soulmates and telling him he was lucky. He knew she had died, he didn’t remember that. He knew he had lived on the streets for a while, he didn’t remember how long. He knew he had been taken by that mad scientist, he didn’t remember how. He had flashes of memory, of being imprisoned and injected and gassed, mostly of pain. Like he was burning from inside, and screaming. He knew he had not been alone, there had been a black boy in a cage and other young voices screaming in other cells. He knew he was there for a long time, he didn’t remember how long. He knew the doctor was dead. He remembered the man being kind, feeding him and stroking his fevered head through the worst of the pain. He remembered bits of whispered apologies. But mostly he remembered the screaming. His own and the other kids'.
“Yeah, I get that now. Couldn’t understand why you were happy at your mother’s funeral,” Tony grumbled.
It would be nice if epiphanies made the course of life less prosaic. But just because you are in love, the twisted ankle is no less a bother. And mud is always mud. However rich and brown it may be. However much it may remind Steve of a certain someone’s rich brown eyes.
“Explain.” Steve turned to her.
“Let’s try this again. Shall we? I will ask questions and you will sit there. I will hit you and you will sit there. I will ask more questions and you will sit there. I will hit you some more and you will sit there. I have only two things to do. And so have you. When you choose door number two, which is to answer the question as opposed to just sitting there. Hey presto the door will open.”
Steve nodded. And Tony lifted up their joined hands to press a kiss on Steve’s knuckles.
, Tony didn’t say.
Pepper and Rhodey exchanged glances.
“Nat around?”
Pepper shook her head. “That’s where I can’t see any pattern. The goods are different, the routes are different, the source is different, destination is different… I’ll let you know as soon as I find anything,” she promised.
“Don’t read too much into it, but I need some data on the whole soulmate shenanigan.”
“You thought that I would go quietly. Well, may be I would. But I’m taking you with,” he grinned and pressed a needle into Tony’s neck.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand and said, “Too late. I was happy to be in love. I used to think I couldn't you know, feel things. Like there was no room for anything other than pain. I think I fell in love when you looked at me like I was a monster.. You made me look at myself. See what I had become and you made me want to do better. Not because of something trite like a desire to be worthy of you… but the feeling that may be I don’t need to wallow in the pit I had been thrown into. May be I could be more than what circumstances had reduced me to. I didn’t need you in my life Tony… I wanted you, of course I wanted you.. But I what I really needed was you in this world. People like you, who make it all better just by being yourself. And showing people like me, that may be we could do..”
Philosophy. Bah humbug.
He got out of bed and went to the communal area to get a drink of water. Nat wasn’t there. But Clint was.
“Nat.”
“Pepper meet Gnat. One of the inhospitable folk who worked me over earlier this week.”
But the man was not done. He held himself straight and took a deep breath. “I am not asking for forgiveness. I don’t really deserve it. It was a really shitty thing to do so… beat up an innocent and defenseless man. However, I am really sorry and will do my best to… make amends? If you could… I am sorry, Mr Stark.”
Steve knew that. He was looking at the inventory list of weapons in his hands. If that was the kind of stuff they were moving, Hydra was gearing up for war.
“Rare,” Jarvis smiled. “Something happened?”
He inserted the link into his ear and activated it.
"Hmm, I love your voice Tony. I didn't know what I was missing."
So he avoided the obvious tracks where he might run into people. By evening, Steve was too exhausted to think, but he had found a villager who agreed to give him a lift in an ancient tractor as far as the next town. The old man had almost collapsed when he saw Steve stumble into his barn.
“He won’t speak to me. Try Nat instead. Maybe seeing a new face will open his mouth,” Steve said.
“Code 3. Lockdown,” Pepper said into her hand held radio and pulled out her mace.
“What do we know?”
Pepper jumped to action. “I have put someone on the police clerk who oversaw the truck switch. And I’m going through all the trucks that were lost in the last six months. There is a pattern Tony. Almost every single captured truck, no matter where and whose jurisdiction it was caught under, ended up at the same precinct yard. I have a feeling this goes further back. I am pulling more records but I don’t expect to find anything new other than when it began,” she reported.
The truck that was coming closest to the Hydra gas station would ostensibly also carry an adamantium artifact dug up by some scavenger. Tony had been spoofing a lengthy correspondence haggling over the purchase. It worried Tony to think that though he had no proof the mole was in his correspondence, he was taking it for granted that it was so. This feeling of being watched and going about life as if everything was ok, was not ok.
Time can be a fractious thing. The moment that ends the world can stretch to eternity.
(See the end of the chapter for
. Let’s beat the man unconscious. He wondered if it would feel any different if he ran a thumb over it. He wondered if he would feel anything. He wondered if he would feel anything. Only 0.03 per cent of the population was born with a mark. And most them went on to live and die with the knowledge that there was someone out there for them. Precious few ever found their soulmates. Nobody had ever tried to deny one. So what did that make him? Perhaps the punchline.
Steve watched the mountain stream flow down and thought of the maps he had pored over in mission prep. The water was gurgling away to the valley below… a long way below. The shortest distance was straight down. Or was it? He smiled and shook his head. “I understand, Tony,” he said and began limping upstream, back towards the Hydra fort.
And Steve didn’t know how to answer that question. The moment became heavier. He looked away from Tony’s burning bright brown eyes that stayed on him like they were analyzing his soul. Perhaps he was. There was nothing of Steve that was hidden from Tony. He had all the keys and every map to the inner landscape of his mind. Tony could unmake him. Lay him out in bits and pieces and see how they fit, how they worked, if they worked at all, what was broken, what needed fixing, what needed replacing.
“I think Stark will help,” said Nat.
“You sound fascinated and shocked. You sound fascinocked. Shocksinated?”
Tony was furious with himself.
For instance Bux had let slip that they wanted to hit the shipment for weapons. He would have laughed then but the kidnappers, who called themselves Howlies? Howlers?, seemed to know a lot about some of his recent missing shipments. Tony realized something was not right in his little kingdom.
Steve waited for the dark narrow shape of the arrow loop window in the tower to align in the cross hairs of the launcher. Then, he let out a deep breath and launched the missile. The weapon left the launcher with a whoosh and arced gracefully to the black slit in the tower. The recoil from the launcher spun Steve into a much less graceful swing but he used the momentum to point the heavy weapon down at one of the trucks and let it go. Along with a few well-aimed grenades. The explosions and the concussive blasts seemed to happen all at once and Steve began climbing up the swaying harness rope.
In less than half an hour Steve was at the target. Nat was using a stick to draw a rough layout of the building on the dry dust layering the ground.
It felt like ages before the man finally entered the room.
“I’d like to see him,” Steve said quietly, “I would like to apologize…to Tony..”
“I need.. I wanted to thank you for taking care of Romanov…” Steve said and then paused awkwardly.
Tony looked at Steve, eyes wide and confused.
“Whayawanfrmee?”
He lifted her on to a free gurney and then pulled out a stun gun and pointed it at the Gnat.
“The truck was unloaded the day it was captured. Only some grocery stuff.”
“On the plus side,” Steve said, rolling a small pebble between his fingers, “we have enough targets to keep us busy for a lifetime. On the minus side, looks like it’s not gonna be a long enough lifetime.”
“Please,” Steve had managed holding out some crumpled notes, and making his request. And then he had collapsed.
She hummed. “Hmm. No, I did one better. I got you a friend.”
Later that day Tony had accompanied Steve to get all the art supplies he could imagine using. Steve chose like a million shades of earth tones. He wanted to get Tony’s eyes right.
“You ok?”
“Two down,” came Bucky’s voice followed by a thud, “Three.”
There had been no opportunity to retrieve the beacon and by the time they were in the compound Nat had lost a lot of blood and decided it was best to get the medical attention they were offering. “I saw Tony Stark again.”
Then he dropped a kiss on Steve’s hair and he was gone.
Jarvis frowned, “While I am glad it worked out this time, might I suggest that you go carefully with the good doctor. He is not all he seems. In fact, better to keep a distance and avoid him if at all possible.”
“Where’s the truck now? The one that was taken? Do you know?” Tony asked.
Tony Stark did not speak. Not to Steve. Not with words. The Commandos had met up in secret with the three members of the Stark Company as many as five times in the past few months. And Steve had yet to hear a peep out of the man. Steve wondered why he still went to those planning sessions. Bucky could easily stand in for him. But he couldn’t stay away. Tony’s glares had become a rare beam of sunshine in the bleakness he called his life.
He lifted his arm up and showed the words in question, now dark inked and visible—
Bucky and Clint had noticed this behaviour too, and it irritated them. Nat and Rhodes seemed amused by it. Potts just looked sad. He’d caught her looking at him with the same sadness. Firemen probably looked at kitten trapped in trees with the same expression.
“Oh he seemed to expect that. He said he was putting something in motion, and he asked how he could get in touch with me.”
“Tony, Tony, Tony. How are you my son? What is going on?”
Tony went down to the hospice wing with Pepper following him and telling him to slow down and not jar his ribs. Tony opened the door to see the Gnat trying to put on a jacket and the nurse lying on the floor.
“Well, you kept your end of the bargain. You didn’t say anything,” said Pepper into the silence that Steve left behind.
He heard Steve talk over the monitors and the heaviness in his gut began to seep into his bones. He felt frighteningly sober and utterly drunk at the same time. His senses were tingling like he was over-caffeinated. He started drumming his fingers against his thigh watching Steve, looking for faults and falsehoods. And getting angry when he could find none. The man was making sense. He was standing there, looking beautiful and confident and intelligent, and even when he tripped over his tongue he was adorable. The asshole.
Then something twanged, like a bowstring and he looked up at the monitor bank. His eye unerringly went to the one connected to the camera at the South gate. Steve.
The beat down was neither better nor worse than the few Steve had overseen in his new life as a crime lord. And yet it felt a little off. He hadn’t even looked at the shape hunched into the chair as Bucky and Clint started off on him. The man had not made a single sound through the gag that covered the lower half of his face. Not a whimper, or even a grunt. But he had looked up at him once and Steve had gasped. Like something electric twanging near his spine. Then the chair had overbalanced and the man’s head had bounced against the floor. Steve winced. That was not right.
“We need to climb. We are visible,” Steve shouted into his comm over the noise of explosions. He bent down and disengaged the hook that attached his line to the body of the ship when he heard footsteps behind him. He turned around to see Tony scrambling across the deck and climbing over the side of the dirigible.
“I am no sort of expert but I could point you in the direction of one. There was this doctor. He was researching the subject but he gave it up because of lack of enough data points. He moved his specialization to something that it is a little off the beaten path.”
“No point dragging dead folks around,” Bucky answered.
“Hidden compartment.”
It was still dark when Steve woke up. A wolf howled in the distance. A dog barked closer by. Steve tensed. He knew he must have fallen some distance from the Hydra fort but there was no telling what kind of perimeter security there was in place. He began to push himself off the carpet of snow and stifled a grunt of pain. Then, careful to keep his weight off his injured shoulder, he raised his head.
Rhodey, Clint and Bucky primed their missile cannons and Nat took her position next to Tony to steer Iron Man. Jan was on lookout and called in the target positions through the radio comm.
The three men sipped on their excellent tea and contemplated the nature of miracles.
They had not accounted for the activity in the courtyard. The loaded trucks were all out in the open. Steve calculated that they were so close to each other that one hit would cause a domino effect of explosions.
“We’ve never seen a good man before. They are this rare breed Steve. We’ve all heard about them, we just never expect to meet them,” Bucky had answered without a smile. Clint later told him that Tony Stark had been seen out and about and seemed to be recovering well. Oh God that did not make him feel any better. He remembered the bruised face, angry and spitting blood. He closed his eyes and groaned.
That could not be good. He had to get back to their hideout in this part  of the world. He looked at his map with a clearer head and soon he knew where to go.
“What? To early to drop the ‘L’ bomb Steve,” Tony said, but there was no resentment in his voice.
Tony struggled to look away. Something had got into his eye. He blinked rapidly.
The only story he thought applied to him was a legend of some nun in the old country who taken a vow of silence and during that period met a traveler who said her words. She kept her vow and didn’t break her silence. The man left and she stayed a nun. There was no data on the quality of life led by either individual.
This fic is follow-up to the previous story "Words Unsaid." Though you don't HAVE to read the first one to follow this one, just like you don't have to watch Avengers2 to enjoy CACW... but it helps. Here is a clue--Steampunk universe and soul marks.
“Comm centre down. I took out four. Status?”
and Pepper reacted with a shrill cheer of oh-my-god-I-am-so-happy-for-you, hand holding and on-the-spot-jumping.
Steve went silent at that. Tony watched him staring up at the ceiling. "Steve?" he prompted.
Steve shook his head, like he often did when Tony’s thoughts had left him far behind. “I don’t understand.”
“And I,” said Tony to the door as it swung shut, “should go say hello to Jarvis.”
And then he caught Tony’s ankle just as the tangle of rope in his hands pulled taut. The combined weight of the two men and the sudden jerk of the rope dislocated Steve’s shoulder. He gave a hiss of pain and looked up at the zepplin, still climbing away from the carnage of the schloss below. Wrapping his legs tightly around Tony’s knees, Steve freed his other hand and began the process of climbing up the rope. He remembered that the rope was not attached to anything at the other end. Only the tangle of wires kept it from unraveling all the way. He began climbing faster and suddenly there was a thump and the weight between his legs went slack.
They looked at each other and shook their heads.
, Tony told himself.
“Only you, Steve. The fuck did you do him? Rattle his brain with a slap?” Bucky was amused and curious.
And the moment ticked.
“A lot,” sighed Rhodes, “and very little. We know what they do, how they do it and quite a lot about what they are as a group. But individual histories are sketchy at best. The leader calls himself their captain, his second is this guy called Barnes and they have another joker, I mean that literally, the clown ran away from the circus—he’s called Clint Barton. There is a Russian assassin, I kid you not, called Romanov and there are a few dishonourable discharges in the mix—a kid called Sam Wilson and another called Thor Odinson. They have a few undercovers as well—someone they call Wasp, and another they call Witch. Nobody knows anything about them. They are vigilantes Tony. They attack and destroy militia HQs. They have been operating under a year. Mostly low profile and quick hits. But they’ve been getting bolder. They took major casualties in a raid against Hydra militia last month.”
“There is a word for it. Serendipity,” said Steve.
“Steve…” he pouted.
Tony rubbed his face again. “Let’s just keep it between the three of us for now. We’ll bring him into it when we have a name.”
Steve sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. He only had to think about Tony Stark for the itch to return. He thought it must be guilt. Dealing with emotions had been difficult since his rebirth. Yes it must be guilt. He had watched a defenseless man getting beat up. Worse he had allowed it, okayed it. That was bad enough, now the man turns out to have been innocent of the whole weapons dealing?
But it was Bucky who came back.
“Well soon fix that. Let’s go back to the store right now.”
Steve wandered up to the rooftop. Nat was already there, sharpening a small knife. She looked up at him.
Tony had come up with sectors for his drivers. So each vehicle changed hands as soon as a driver left his sector. Once they knew where the problem was it was not difficult to find the rogue driver. There were two of them—Sitwell and Rumlow. But they had to be working for someone else, someone who chose which truck to switch.
, he thought. The man was tall and looked strong and handsome and oh god he glowed.. Did he know he shone? Like there was light or magic or something beautiful inside and it leaked from his skin? Tony felt his heart beat wild. It was like he could sense the power thrumming inside the stranger. And he realized he was afraid. Of the stranger and his strange power and also the fact that the man wore no mask.
And then Tony heard him say his name and he was out of the monitor room, racing towards to the interview room. The door slammed open in front of him and three faces looked up in surprise. That was the moment his jarred ribs chose to make their presence felt.
,” Nat smiled.
There had been a time, when they had just found each other, when Steve felt that it was enough to love. But then Tony was like a drug. Little by little, he had tasted the wondrous, grown accustomed to the taste and he had started to want. And want. And his want had turned to greed. It scared Steve how much he wanted.
Rhodes saw him moving and frowned. He stopped pacing and stood at the foot of the bed.
It was a bright sunny day. One of summer’s less stifling days and Steve was lying on the grass soaking it in. The world was noisy with life and yet it was all peaceful. He sensed Tony and opened his eyes.  The workshop must have been hot. Tony walked barefoot on the grass just as Steve sat up to watch him. He was dressed in his mechanic’s overalls that he must have found constraining. He had removed the top half of it and tied it around his waist. He was greasy and sweaty and unkempt. He looked beautiful.
Steve stumbled in the dark but managed not to wrench his arm again. He looked around him. He had managed to clear the ravine edge and had got almost 500 metres away, on to the west side of the schloss. Far enough to be out of sound range as he started up the snowbike. Who knew Tony could take his mind of the pain? Painkiller Stark, Steve giggled.
Rhodes crossed his arms.
Space is a fractious thing. However hard you try to grab on to things, they feel too far away. Sinking your fingernails into the feeling and pulling it closer, closer, closer and yet the space never closes up enough.
Once he was fairly well-sheltered between trees he stopped. He had reached a little mountain stream, panting and doubled over with the effort. He sank to his haunches and took stock of the situation. His arm was numb with pain, handing limply down his side. He needed to set his shoulder, before he did permanent damage jogging it around. His face was scratched on one side, and his ankle hurt. Courtesy the fall, he suspected. The snow drift had cushioned his fall but it still had been a long way down. He gritted his teeth and stifled and cry as he shoved his arm back into its socket. Then removed his boot and frowned at his swollen ankle.
Steve remembered the fire and he knew he and the boy in the cage, Lucas, he'd said, had escaped. He didn’t remember how. He knew it had been a bitter winter that one. They had run and run. He remembered the snow drifts and their huffing breaths like mist hanging in front of their faces. He remembered the shock as he fell through a hole in the ground and snow had cascaded in after him, burying him in winter.
“Et Voila! And we have the favourite pigment from the prehistoric to the Romans,” Tony said, delivering a perfect regency bow before Steve’s spontaneous applause.
"You lay it on thick like that darling and I'm never shutting up,” Tony smirked.
“You’re not the boss of me,” said Rhodes as he left the room.
“When we got there, the place seemed deserted. But a quick look around told us that the truck was already there and under guard. Jan managed to sneak in between floorboards, man that woman is scary sneaky. She could give Nat a run for her money. Well we waited outside. That was when the other clown drove in with Stark’s truck. Thor and I were convinced she’d been made you know. But we had promised to give her time, so we stayed put. Three hours later madam saunters back like she just came from a Sunday brunch with friends,” Clint stopped to swallow a mouthful and wash it down with warm beer.
