“Yeah right, Dean and Cas were both out of the bunker before that. You really expect me to believe you just decided to stop spying on them mid-surveillance because your
It had been easy enough to excuse Hannah from the room after the ritual had failed. Sam simply explained he wanted to give her a grand tour of the bunker since she’d be staying for a while. She had been silent the entire time through his rushed explanation, barely reacting aside from raising an eyebrow.
“If you want I can cook us something a little more complicated for dinner. You can just fly us to the grocery store and I’ll figure out what you like,” Charlie offered eagerly.
Dean looked at him incredulously, “You really believe things won’t be different now? That me and Cas can just continue on like nothing’s changed?”
“How did you-” Castiel couldn’t even finish his sentence as another moan escaped his throat at Dean’s incessant teasing.
“So you can see Cas’s wings now? What do they look like?” he asked Dean curiously. Dean wasn’t sure whether he should answer that or not, especially considering his new theories on the privacy of wings.
different path before everything went to hell. Dean wasn’t sure whether he was disappointed or relieved that they’d been interrupted. How would he have even faced Cas after having a sex dream about him?
Blinking blearily, Castiel turned in its direction surprised to find, not his pillow, but a person. Not just any person, but Dean. Dean was watching him guiltily, as if he’d been caught doing something wrong.
The bunker was unusually quiet when Dean woke, he glanced at his clock to note that it was almost noon. He really needed to force himself back into the hunter sleeping schedule now that his 2 month hiatus was over. Sleeping in was becoming a bad habit of his and it didn’t help that Sam kept letting him.
Dean’s immediate response was to protest. What if Cas would sense the change in his feelings through the bond? Would he wake up and instantly know Dean was in love with him? How was he supposed to deny his feelings if the angel automatically knew he was lying?
As much as Castiel admired her constant positive attitude, it was definitely not what he needed right now. He felt too heartbroken to humour her either.
Besides, Castiel knew she was far better suited to lead the angels than he was. The world would no doubt be better off without him. At least then he couldn’t cause anyone, especially Dean, anymore unnecessary grief. Their last encounter was just more proof that he only brought pain to those he loves.
The thought startled her, as had the various other intrusive thoughts she’d experienced the longer she spent with the human. It was no denying Hannah was captivated by Charlie, more so than she’d ever been by any other human being or even angel. Charlie was so upbeat and lively, her personality as bright as her soul, and was a clear opposite to the angel’s usually stoic nature. Yet Hannah couldn’t help but feel drawn to her, both emotionally and physically. With every accidental brush of their shoulders, Hannah found her skin tingling from the contact. They were seated much closer than was necessary, the couch clearly large enough to allow both of them ample space, although they still refrained from touching.
Dean tightly wrapped his arms around Castiel and buried his face in the angel’s neck. Castiel could feel the dampness of tears finally being spilled. He wrapped his wings around his husband and stroked his hair comfortingly.
Once again Castiel wasn’t even listening to the lower ranked angel. He’d returned to Heaven to get his mind off Dean, but he just couldn’t concentrate on anything else. Yet even distracted, Castiel could see the other angels were getting antsy. They craved guidance and he just wasn’t in any state to provide them with the leadership they obviously needed. He sensed a mutiny was dangerously close, yet he still could not tear his thoughts from his personal affairs. They needed a dedicated leader, they needed Hannah.
“Look Cas probably doesn’t have much time left so you two better grab a book because I sure as hell am not gonna stand around and do nothing,” Sam demanded, grabbing a book of his own.
By the time he was finished, his breathing and heart rate had slowly returned to normal and the flush in his cheeks had lightened. Dean lazily washed all evidence of his activities down the drain, a satisfied grin plastered to his face, before stepping out of the shower and grabbing a towel nearby. Yep, a shower was just what he’d needed.
Castiel had never felt more confused. Just when he thought he was finally beginning to understand humans, Dean’s erratic behaviour had to prove him wrong. It just didn’t make any sense. Why had Dean snapped at him like that? His actions suggested that he was angry at Castiel, but his emotions were telling a completely different story. Even as Dean instructed him to leave, his emotions had screamed at Castiel to stay.
He soon became aware of a gentle stroking against his head, the object trailing through his hair in soothing ministrations. The gesture almost tempted him back to slumber, but he forced himself to keep awareness. He stirred in a failed attempt at raising his droopy head. The object in his hair was gone instantly and the warm pillow he’d been leaning against tensed.
did you know said rebound was male and the “rebound sex” didn’t even happen. Looks like poor Dean-o was too torn up over Cassie to get it up,” Gabriel snickered.
Anger sparked through Castiel, even though he refused to believe Dean would ever sell his soul again.
Castiel gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile, “Your brother’s soul has aided the healing process immensely. I should be completely recovered soon.”
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand in his, lacing their fingers together, before announcing, “Yep, it’s official.”
, that many of the runaways have returned upon hearing my news of Gabriel’s return. I believe the fear of upsetting an archangel has provided the perfect incentive for any angels who doubted returning to heaven was the right choice,” Hannah explained proudly.
“By my understanding, ‘bitch’ is typically used as a derogatory term. Are you attempting to insult me?” Castiel asked her, tilting his head to the side and squinting.
She froze, almost flinching away from Charlie in shock, as she considered what she’d just thought. That was the kind of possessive claim expected from
“Like I said, I’m here to bond with you,” Sam stated firmly. Gabriel flinched, the last thing he needed was to connect his soul to the man he had an unrequited crush on.
He wondered when it had occurred. Was it while he was asleep? Maybe even before that? Castiel supposed it didn’t really matter when it had happened. Or even how. It was obviously out of his control and there was likely no changing it. For reasons Castiel couldn’t determine, that thought made his chest constrict uncomfortably and his stomach churn at this particular revelation.
“The bond is our only chance. Direct contact with your soul would be preferred, but it is impossible while his vessel is inactive. The vessel is nothing more than a meat-coffin at present, while Castiel’s true self lies within the depths of the corpse. Even if we were to attach his vessel to your soul it would likely not reach him. The bond is the only true connection we have left to his grace,” Hannah explained.
sleep anymore, he found he quite enjoyed the experience. Although he supposed it was closer to meditation than sleep, since he couldn’t shut down his vessel’s consciousness completely.
“Yes, Dean. That’s very good. Let me know when you’ve found all the loose feathers and I’ll tell you what to do next,” Castiel informed him, trying to appear impassive. He knew the next part would be the hardest, Dean would need to groom his underside feathers. Castiel tried not to tense in anticipation.
Gabriel squinted at him curiously, “Something’s different about you. You’re being very aggressive, even for a Winchester.”
When Dean chanced a glance up, Cas had dropped his gaze as well and was now looking at one of his wings. He had a small smile on his face as he straightened a few feathers, as if he was truly appreciating them for the first time. Dean couldn’t help a tinge of pride that swelled up in him at the thought. Cas deserved to feel good about his wings, they really were remarkable.
They’d had this same argument every time Sam returned from a hunt, so Dean knew what his brother was going to say before he'd even opened his mouth. However, before Sam could start they were interrupted by a loud knocking on the bunker door. They glanced at each other apprehensively before reaching for their respective weapons. The brothers hesitated at the door, Sam throwing Dean a “cover me” signal before finally opening it slowly. Dean quickly followed the action, pointing his gun towards the two figures in the doorway before recognizing them. Cas was unconscious, his arm wrapped over Hannah’s shoulder who carried his weight effortlessly. Dean dropped his gun instantly, rushing forward to help carry Cas inside, ignoring Hannah when she assured him it was unnecessary.
I'm so sorry for how long this took to come out. I want to blame Christmas and New Years and all the other distractions I've had, but honestly it's cause I'm a horrible procrastinator xD
“Well no shit, I’m making them pretty clear here, Cas. I’m pretty pissed off! Don’t think changing the subject is getting you out of this,” Dean warned, although his words no longer held any weight.
Dean thought about not answering, maybe pretending to be asleep, but he knew that wouldn’t be right. Despite his aversion to talking about his feelings, he knew Hannah wouldn’t bring the topic up for no reason. The angel had been oddly quiet, even more so than usual, and was clearly struggling with something personal. He had a feeling it wasn’t due to Cas’s condition, although that was likely not helping.
“Ok look, I found a spell in one of the books to summon an angel,” Sam explained hesitantly, “so I was thinking who do we know that’s an angel who cares about Cas
“Sammy!” Dean’s voice called, “Get your ass in here, I need you and your freakishly long arms to help carry this to my room!”
that’s what I’m trying to tell you,” Gabriel pouted but it quickly broke into a mischievous smile, “I think Cassie believes Dean has the hots for
Gabriel reached into his pocket quickly and handed Sam a large, golden feather. Not just a feather, Sam realised, it was a quill.
At the reminder, Dean was forced to acknowledge the ever-present burning sensation that had accompanied that arm since his last kill. It was a throbbing need that pulsed through the arm, willing him to touch the first blade again. He forced himself to ignore the ache, wishing for the blissful ignorance he’d had moments ago.
Castiel remained unconvinced but something about the way Dean was acting… this obviously meant a great deal to him at this moment.
Hannah almost rolled her eyes, “Your ‘harmless fun’ almost got both Castiel and Dean Winchester killed.”
Gabriel began to chant the spell, his voice echoing with the influence of his true voice as he prayed in Enochian for their Heavenly Father to unite them.  Hannah supposed it wasn’t that different to the humans’ marriage ceremonies, she could understand why Dean had been so easily misled. However, Hannah stopped paying attention to Gabriel’s chanting once her grace began to thrum inside her in response to his prayers. It frantically pulsated throughout her vessel reaching out enthusiastically towards the human in front of her like an excited puppy.
Dean reluctantly removed his hands from Cas’s wings only so he could remove his pants, leaving his boxers as the only piece of clothing left. Cas, however, was much too clothed for Dean’s liking and he made quick work of removing his tie before moving towards the trenchcoat. As his hands brushed over the familiar material, Dean briefly realised that it wasn’t his new trenchcoat. It was the one Cas had been wearing when they first met; the one Dean had treasured for over a year after Cas’s ‘death’. He stroked the material fondly, momentarily mourning its loss, before tugging it off the angel’s shoulders.
Picking up guys was a bit trickier than women, even without all the precautions, since you could never be quite sure if they were actually interested. Especially in a bar like this you ran the high risk of hitting on a straight dude and getting punched in the face. But over the years Dean had learned to pick up the signs.
“Of course, it’s killing him. No angel can survive another angel’s grace, it’d be like shoving someone else’s soul into your body. The body will reject it,” Gabriel looked exasperated, as if he felt this shouldn’t have to be explained.
“If that’s what he decides then you have to respect his decision. But you’ll never know for sure unless you give him the option directly. You preach about how hopeless Dean and Castiel’s romantic development has been, but at least Dean was finally able to honestly convey his feelings tonight. Meanwhile you’re letting your own bruised ego prevent you from doing the same.”
say, when he’d begged Cas for his life in that crypt. Because deep down he knew that he couldn’t even
Dean’s hand hovered over his gun in his waistband, ready to pull it out if there was any trouble. It was always a gamble when they had visitors at the bunker, since only a few people knew of its existence. Considering one of those people was the King of Hell, Dean was pretty wary of any visitors at all.
. And now Dean couldn’t even have Cas to himself for a few days without ‘Miss Perfect’ around, constantly there to remind him how wrong he was for Cas. He already
Castiel’s mind referred back to the confusing outburst of emotions he’d experienced from Dean earlier, as well as his sudden departure from the room. He hadn’t given the behaviour much thought since, brushing it off as human unpredictability. But he supposed Sam’s explanation made sense. Dean obviously needed some time to process the adjustment.
“Um, yeah. I may have left out the part where Gabe helped me come up with the plan,” Sam admitted guiltily.
“My uropygial glands,” Castiel panted, fighting the beginnings of embarrassment flaring up inside him, “they’re small glands that produce a special oil substance that keeps our wings in good condition. You will need to spread this oil along the feathers.”
Dean woke surprisingly early the next morning, but he would have happily stayed in bed all day if he could. Although the throbbing hangover pounding through his head was the
You need to figure out how you want to deal with that. Especially since you now know how he feels about you.”
Hannah had startlingly blue eyes, almost as vibrant as Castiel’s, her dark brown hair was also similar. If Charlie didn’t know better, she’d actually believe they were
“You truly think so, Dean? I’ve been told many consider the colour of my wings… off putting,” Cas looked so uncertain when he looked at Dean then, as if he actually believed Dean might just be humouring him. Dean was determined to wash that horrible look off Cas’s face, he never wanted Cas to look so vulnerable again.
“I love you so much, Cas. I couldn’t say it in that stupid dream but I’m saying it now. You’re the best goddamn thing that ever happened to me and I’ll be
can still feel them and it’s kinda tripping me out,” Dean admitted sheepishly. Cas let go immediately, taking a step back.
Castiel instantly noticed the sudden surge of magical energy as if electrical currents sparked through the very air. Jumping up from his chair, placing his book facedown on the now empty seat so as not to lose his page, he followed the sensation in search of its source. He knew there were many potent magical items stored within the bunker, but this felt entirely different. This was incredibly powerful magic and most definitely hadn’t been there before, there’s no way he would have missed something this strong.
Hannah, however, had absolutely no experience with humans. She’d never been to Earth before the fall, never even wanted to. If it hadn’t been for the support of her other fallen brothers and sisters, she likely wouldn’t have survived the fall. If she were to be trapped here on Earth, even with the support of the Winchesters and Castiel, she doubted she’d ever be truly content.
Cas froze, eyes wide, as if his own outburst had surprised him. Dean found he couldn’t speak, couldn’t do anything but stare at Cas. He knew he should say something, but his mind was still processing this information.
“Gabriel told me the bond is the same as getting married to angels…” Dean began to explain before his own words made him realise the truth, “
been quite intoxicated. Castiel allowed himself to find relief in the thought. They were silent as they simply held each other’s gaze, Castiel temporarily losing himself in the familiarity of the action. But Dean seemed to catch himself, dropping his gaze and clearing his throat as his earlier apprehension seemed to return.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but it’s just little ol’ me,” Charlie beamed at him from an armchair beside the couch. She cradled a book in her lap as she stared down at him pleasantly.
Was she always this affected? Or was her condition merely getting worse with time? Would it eventually fade so greatly that she’d basically be human? Hannah shuddered at the thought. She’d heard second hand from Castiel what an awful experience that had been for him. Although he’d had many positive things to say as well, Hannah doubted they’d outweigh the negatives. Especially considering he’d practically been fallen already.
Dean desperately tried to deny his body’s obvious interest as he felt the stirrings of an erection. Goddammit, he knew this was wrong. He couldn’t get off to thoughts of his best friend. But a traitorous voice in his head decided now was a good time to remind him Cas was his
“All the more reason we should go!” Charlie insisted, “it’ll be good for you to get some fresh air. You can’t keep yourself couped up in this bunker forever.”
“Very well, Dean. What do you wish to know?” she leaned back in her seat, spreading her arms in a gesture she hoped was welcoming.
The words hit Dean harder than they would have before because he no longer agreed. His soul wasn’t the twisted mess he’d once believed it was. Hell Cas said it was the purest he’d ever seen and he sure as hell trusted Cas’s word over Crowley’s.
Dean copied the action with his hand, fitting his own fingers over the mark. His left hand took over as dream Cas finally licked a long line up the length of his cock and took him into his mouth.
If this was his only chance at saving Cas, he was damn well going to take it. Heaving a deep, shuddering breath to calm himself, Dean knelt before the couch coming face to face with the corpse of his best friend and love of his life. His body was so clearly lifeless, his lips blue and skin deathly pale, that it physically pained Dean to see him like this. He had to firmly remind himself that Cas wasn’t really dead, that this was just a vessel and the
“It was just a simple salt and burn. The drive there and back was more exhausting to be honest,” Sam grumbled. Dean tried unsuccessfully to ignore the jealous twinge that ran through him, even a salt and burn was starting to sound appealing.
“Wow it’s beautiful, thank you Gabe. And yeah, definitely that sounds amazing,” Sam told him earnestly.
Dean looked absolutely exhausted after his confession. But it wasn’t purely from emotional strain, he was physically drained. Sam was reminded then that Dean hadn’t slept a wink in over 48 hours.
“Well out of all the humans I’ve encountered, I believe I have grown closest to you by far. If I were to be bonded with anyone I’m glad it was you, Dean,” Castiel explained, hoping to reassure his friend.
Castiel sighed heavily and drew a hand through his hair agitatedly. He had no idea how he was going to fix that situation. The angels were understandably mournful about the condition of their wings. He couldn’t help but notice the attention his restored wings had caused when he first arrived. The jealousy stewing among his brethren had been undeniable. Castiel supposed he could try collecting the souls himself, but he knew that would be far too much work for one angel to do alone. Besides, his wings were already beginning to deteriorate in Dean’s soul’s absence. It would be no more than a day before he could no longer fly again.
Even now, knowing how Cas felt about him, it still didn’t change anything. Dean knew he couldn’t let himself accept Cas’s feelings and drag the other man down with him. He just couldn’t. He’d known for
With that small piece of advice, Sean casually made his way back to the bar leaving Dean alone leaning against the Impala.
“Good for you guys. It certainly took you long enough,” Sam grinned at the couple. Dean decidedly ignored that, deciding to interrogate his brother later about how long he’d known.
He felt dirty and sick with guilt, like he’d cheated on Cas for real. Their marriage wasn’t real, but Cas’s feeling were and Dean had completely disregarded them tonight. Even though he hadn’t gone through with sleeping with Sean, the betrayal still felt just as significant. The part of him that had wanted to stay loyal to Cas, that had been filling him with a sense of dread ever since he decided on picking someone up, was disgusted with himself. And Dean found he didn’t disagree.
It wasn’t that Dean was ashamed of his sexuality. In fact, he’d accepted that part of himself years ago. It was fear that kept him quiet. Being a hunter was a very masculine trade and they weren’t exactly the most liberal sorts. His own father had been the worst. Dean still remembered clearly the first and only time he’d allowed his father to see that side of him. He’d been thirteen years old and found himself growing close to a local boy on a particularly long hunt. His father had caught them kissing behind their motel and he'd dragged Dean away roughly, grumbling that he’d raised Dean to be a soldier not some ‘sissy’. Despite the fact that his father had been dead for almost eight years now, Dean carried the weight of that encounter with him like a chain even to this day.
Dean felt anger swell up inside him but he couldn’t quite bring himself to blame her. After all, she wasn’t like Cas. She was just an angel, a soldier first and foremost, she hadn’t rebelled or experienced humanity like Cas had. To Hannah, the mission was probably more important than any foot soldier, even one as important as Cas. He knew his anger was mostly frustration at how helpless he currently felt. They had no idea how to save Cas, they hadn’t even known he was still sick.
“In angel tradition, the offering of one’s feather means an intention to pursue someone as a potential mate. If the feather is accepted, it means the other accepts their advances,” Cas quickly explained.
have to watch the Harry Potter films. Ooooh and I can’t forget about Star Wars! Oh man there’s just so much I want to show you. You’re like this completely blank slate just waiting for the right nerd to geek you up,” Charlie rambled excitedly. Although Hannah didn’t have the slightest idea what Charlie was babbling on about, she continued to nod in agreement. As she’d quickly realised, each time she approved an idea the human girl became even more excited. Charlie looked especially stunning with that passionate sparkle in her eyes, Hannah noted with satisfaction. Her gaze was drawn to a stray curl that bounced against Charlie’s cheek as she spoke animatedly, the red lock stroking the pale skin in the most delicate of touches. Hannah’s fingers twitched reflexively as she resisted the urge to gently tuck the hair behind Charlie’s ear, itching to touch the soft skin for herself.
“I’m done with this little game. It’s not fun anymore. Go ahead and tell your brother the truth if you want, I don’t care anymore,” Gabriel announced coldly. Sam’s grip released at his words and he took satisfaction in the fact that his harsh words seemed to affect the hunter, before he took a deliberate step away.
Sam rolled his eyes, ignoring the archangel’s wise crack for a more important question, “Wait, can archangels read minds? How did you know I was thinking about you?”
Dean’s love for someone else for eternity. It would plague him every day, taunting him with what could have been his. Even after Dean passes away, Castiel would mourn the loss for the rest of his immortal life.
Overcome by the strong forceful will of her grace, Hannah instinctively reached out for the human. She managed to grasp a firm grip on Charlie’s left hip, before dragging the girl towards her. Charlie let out a startled squeak, grabbing onto the angel’s shoulders for support as she was pulled roughly into an impromptu embrace. As Hannah wrapped her wings around them possessively, she mused that in her right mind this uncharacteristically aggressive behaviour would have definitely caused her embarrassment. However it seemed the human’s soul had been reaching for her grace just as eagerly, because their essences began to merge almost immediately upon contact.
He arched violently, unable to finish as Dean decided to tease both his glands at once just as he began begging. By now the man’s hands were soaked with the warm oil, the substance dripping freely down his wrists as each spasm gushed more of the sweet smelling liquid. His feathers were well and truly covered by now and the hunter knew it.
Something about it was both familiar and troubling, he combed through his memory looking for the reason why. It hit him suddenly that this sensation was familiar because he had felt it before, specifically four years ago when he’d opened the portal to purgatory. There must be a portal to another dimension opening somewhere in the bunker, he was sure of it now.
Dean finally forced himself to speak, “Cas, look, I’m not worth it. Not after everything I’ve done. My soul is broken; corrupted, twisted and scarred. I’m not even good enough for another human, let alone an angel,” Dean let all his self-loathing coat every word, hoping Cas would finally understand. Maybe it wasn’t too late, maybe Cas could break the rules. He’d done it before.
“It’d been bugging me since last night but after Cas’s disappearing act this morning I think I finally figured it out. I mean, Cassie wouldn’t suddenly bring up angel courting if there wasn’t a reason and he didn’t seem to be
Drawing in a deep breath to calm himself, Dean slowly entered the room only to find it empty. Cas was gone. Dean deliberately ignored the part of him that was disappointed. This is a good thing, he told himself firmly, now you can just go to sleep in peace. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t ignore the familiar hurt that came whenever Cas disappeared. This time without even a goodbye. Maybe he wasn’t as fine with the bond as he’d seemed? For some reason, that thought hurt even more than the feeling of abandonment.
Dean’s pre-shower calm vanished in a flash as a large red mark on his left shoulder caught his eye in the mirror. For one horrible moment he thought the Mark of Cain wasn’t cured after all, that it had just moved. But once he managed a better look he instantly recognised the mark for what it really was.
Sam attempted to lighten the mood, “You know, you should probably stop using the Lord’s name in vain now that you’re married to an angel.”
As Gabriel continued to speak, Dean felt a weird tingling spark in his chest. It spread throughout his body gradually until it reached his right arm, but as the tingling passed over the Mark it began to burn painfully. He grit his teeth to keep from crying out as he felt the mark fighting whatever was happening within his body. For the first time, Cas began to stir beside him. Hissing a sharp intake of breath Cas reached out blindly, his hand slotting over a familiar spot on Dean's left shoulder as if it were made for him. This time Dean couldn’t suppress his groan, as suddenly the intense burning engulfed his shoulder as well. He screwed his eyes shut, head resting on the bed as he waited for the agony to stop. For the longest time it seemed like his pain would never cease, like he might just burst into flames entirely. But finally, it began to melt away leaving behind sweet relief and pleasant tingling in its wake.
If a women wasn’t interested he didn’t pester them and simply went on his way. Since he knew many women automatically feared men they didn’t know, with good reason, he always tried to make his presence as non-threatening as possible. If he ever bought them a drink, he made sure they could clearly see it being made and did his best not to handle it even once. And finally, he always made sure to ask if they preferred to go to their place or a hotel, since many women didn’t want one night stands to know where they lived.
Cas nodded, eyes still trained on the floor, “Yes, I am truly lucky. Many of my sibling’s wings were devastated by the fall. But it appears your soul has nursed them to full strength once more.”
was trying to get through succeeded. This bunker was supposed to be the safest place on the planet, what could possibly be powerful enough to open a portal
“It appears Cassie got himself a little gal pal to share all his boy troubles with. I’m surprised they didn’t start painting their nails and braiding each other’s hair,” Gabe snorted.
he should try to get as close to Cas as possible right? It was the honourable thing to do, he assured himself.
He managed to drag Sam with him on his flight again, however the strain on his grace made it a struggle. When they arrived he collapsed next to the Winchester, breathing heavily. Sam crouched next to the angel worriedly. They were outside a large warehouse, which from the outside appeared abandoned but they both knew better. Castiel could feel the angel warding pulsing through the building like an electric fence.
“Ah, yeah. Um, sure,” Dean muttered, trepidation swirling among his quickly growing pile of emotions. Castiel realised then that he’d missed feeling Dean’s emotions, even if he couldn’t really understand them. Their presence was reassuring. They were the most solid reminder of Dean’s humanity, proof that the demon was truly gone for good. It also made Castiel feel infinitely closer to the human, even if Dean wanted him gone.
“If you were just gonna mojo yourself dressed, why couldn’t you do the same for me? I had to get dressed the regular way like a sucker,” Dean whined half-heartedly.
“So what would happen if someone accepted a feather without knowing what it meant,” Sam asked, trying to sound casual despite the fact that he was internally freaking out.
“Well they’re also not supposed to get drunk or sleep either, so I’m guessing breaking one more rule couldn’t hurt,” Charlie insisted.
“Okay, okay. Fine I’ll hurry up and get to the point. Last night your brilliant big bro decided being drunk off his head would be the
Castiel watched the other man leave at a complete loss. Despite his time spent as one, it appeared he still didn’t understand humans at all. They were just so illogical, their mood swings seemed entirely random. Castiel sighed in resignation, knowing he would probably never truly understand humans.
“It sounds like you need another drink. Don’t worry, I’ll order something sweeter this time,” Dean promised earnestly.
Dean grinned, “Yeah? But where do you need me? Do you need me inside you? Or would you prefer I ride your dick just like this?”
Hannah gave him a small smile but it did not reach her eyes, “You are a brave man, Dean Winchester. I envy your courage. I wish the angels could see things so simply.”
“Did you really believe we were married?” Cas asked nonchalantly. Dean froze, his calm slipping away as he began to feel flustered and embarrassed. He was glad the angel couldn’t see how red his face was becoming.
Sam felt hollow after his confrontation with Gabriel, all his anger having dissipated the moment the spark in Gabriel’s eyes had died. Sam had only ever seen him with that expression once before, when he’d first admitted to being an archangel. The icy, detached expression felt completely wrong on the trickster’s face and Sam hated that he was the reason for its return. Sam couldn’t help regretting his actions. But his anger had seemed completely justifiable at the time and the thought that Gabriel might be innocent hadn’t even occurred to him. He
Upon noticing a smudge of melted choc chip on his thumb Cas automatically brought it to his mouth, sucking the chocolate off eagerly. Dean couldn’t help but stare at the action, watching enviously. Catching him staring Cas quickly stopped, pulling his wings close around him in embarrassment.
“So what’ll it be, Deano? Wanna get the dynamic duo back together? Just think of all the good times we had together, it could be that way again. All you have to do is give up that pesky humanity.”
decide to grace Sam with his presence, it almost always ended in an argument usually started by Sam asking him if he was okay. Sam hadn’t seen Dean this depressed since Lisa and Ben got mind-wiped.
“Look Dean, you are a very nice human but I do not wish to mate anyone for at least another hundred years. The fall is not the ideal time to choose a mate,” Hannah proclaimed assertively.
Castiel knew it was a lie, he had felt himself weakening more and more each day. The bond must not have been enough, he supposed. His grace had likely been too far gone even for a soul as strong as Dean’s to heal. But he couldn’t allow Hannah to know that, not when she’d finally begun making progress among the runaways.
They ate in silence, watching the pair at the other table down drink after drink, engaging in light conversation.
“I know it’s traditional to offer a ring, but I thought this would suffice since I never got the chance to court you properly,” Cas explained, offering the feather to Dean anxiously.
mate,” Hannah interrupts, surprising them both by winking at Gabriel. Charlie was becoming a bad influence on her. Or a good one. Gabriel couldn’t decide.
Charlie grinned at the compliment, “Thanks, I’ve been cooking for myself for almost my whole life. Ordering take-out all the time got old really quickly, so I pretty much taught myself how to cook.”
The bunker was quiet when he made his way in and he felt Cas’s absence like a physical presence. It left him both relieved and disappointed. He moved slowly, each step dragged down by exhaustion and melancholy. He didn’t even hear Sam enter the room, didn’t notice his arrival until the light turned on.
He’d likely feel a lot more embarrassed if he wasn’t so preoccupied with Dean’s hands trailing through his wings. His touches were gentle but curious. They explored the back of his wings eagerly, following from the very top arch to the tips of his flight feathers. The gesture was soothing and Castiel soon found himself laying face down on the bed, relishing the attention.
“One drink won’t hurt, I’m sure the girl you’ve got rolling around in there won’t mind. Besides I’m making it my official mission tonight to ensure you have some fun,” Dean persuaded and then gave her an honest smile, “Seriously though, I really do appreciate your help the least I can do is pay you back somehow.”
“Gabriel has been in hiding for many millennia. His wings have been cloaked from not only other angels but, to maintain his alter ego as Loki, even gods. It’s unsurprising you were not able to see them, Dean,” Cas explained thoughtfully.
Castiel’s knees dropped and he leaned against the wall, hand reaching to relief himself of the pressure but froze. With the bond open like this, there was no telling if the connection went both ways. If he could feel everything Dean felt, then it seemed likely Dean might very well feel him too. He couldn’t risk the chance. With great effort, he kept himself unnaturally still, only releasing soft moans and grunts against his hand that he found he couldn’t hold back.
Now that their conversation had finished, Hannah too caught up in whatever idea his words had sparked within her to continue, Dean found himself staring down at Cas. He was relieved to note he’d started breathing again. The bond had been gradually growing between them until Dean could definitely feel the presence of Cas’s grace. Although it was hard to tell which emotions were his and which were Cas’s, because their souls were so closely intertwined. The only difference between them was a subtle fuzzy aura that surrounded Cas’s emotions, giving off a distinct dreamlike impression.
Darkness was beginning to fall and Castiel knew he should return soon. He was already beginning to feel weak from the distance forced between his grace and Dean’s soul. If he wasn’t careful he’d start to loose feathers and his flight home may be compromised.
“Very well, sir,” Jehoel nodded stoically, although his wings fluffed in obvious annoyance. Castiel and Hannah’s constant absences were likely becoming an irritation for their secretary. Castiel made a mental note to spend more time in Heaven once his grace was fully healed. It’d be an excuse to avoid seeing Dean and Hannah after their courtship was no doubt finalised. It wouldn’t be long knowing Dean’s other conquests, he was surprised it hadn’t happened already, Castiel thought ruefully.
“It’s too bad, really. They might actually be happy if they just stopped fooling themselves,” Gabriel confessed, looking disappointed. Sam wasn’t completely convinced. It just seemed too farfetched that an angel could be harbouring feelings for his brother. But even so, he had to admit they’d be good for each other. He knew how much Dean cared for the angel, it wouldn’t be that much of a stretch for it to turn romantic. In fact, Dean could use something good in his life for once.
married, he told himself firmly, stop letting this fake marriage mess with your head! It didn’t matter how much Dean wished he could return Cas’s feelings, he would never be good enough. Better to save them both a lot of pain and just let Hannah have him. She was an angel after all, she was far better suited for Cas than Dean could ever be.
It was probably for the best that he kept his distance anyway. With his feelings realised, being close to Dean was much too tempting. Even this morning he had fought the urge to pull his chair closer, to lean into Dean’s side like some pathetic school girl with a crush.
“I dunno, you seem to be doing a pretty good job,” Charlie smirked. Hannah smiled gently at the praise, lowering her eyes bashfully. You know what, screw Dean, he couldn’t have
The flavour was very pleasing and Hannah soon found herself consuming the entire plate of food. She had to admit her stomach felt much better afterwards than it had before.
him?” Dean murmured to himself, voice filled with regret. Hannah hated to see the human so broken, especially considering what a dear friend he had become to her this past week.
Gabriel looked dramatically offended, “How dare you! Creative genius like this doesn’t just ‘run out’.”
“I’m also interested in seeing where this came from. Cas says you have three sets of wings and if all the feathers are as big as this one then they must be
With trembling hands he grasped Cas’s right hand gently, almost flinching as he was met by cold stiffness, dragging it in place over the mark on his arm. To his dismay, there was no instant clash of feelings or the sensation of souls melding as there had been last time. Cas’s vessel remained as motionless as ever on the couch beside him. Dean tried to hold back his disappointment, he knew it had been a long shot, but there were tears already stinging his eyes and a lump forming in his throat. He had failed. Dean was yet again to blame for losing someone he cared about. He really was poison.
Charlie and Hannah both gaped at them disparagingly, Charlie appeared particularly unimpressed with Sam.
A nest? Cas wasn’t serious, was he? This had to be a joke, right? But Cas wasn’t laughing, in fact, Cas was bright red and avoiding Dean’s eyes. It became obvious why, as he spoke his next sentence, “Though, the nest isn’t permanent and may be dissembled after the couple is… intimate.”
Well that put his wing privacy theory down the drain, Cas didn’t seem to be embarrassed about describing his wings, a little insecure maybe, but not as if he was disclosing intimate knowledge.
,” Hannah continued firmly, “I know that the very first time I met you, Castiel gave up everything he’d spent months building in one encounter
Meanwhile Castiel sat on the top of Niagara Falls, broodingly watching the water crash against the surface below. He was unbelievably grateful for his healed wings, for he couldn’t stand staying in the bunker for a moment longer. He knew he was being melodramatic and that he’d have to return soon or his grace would start to dwindle again, but having to watch Dean ask Hannah on a date
“Can we get this show on the road already? I don’t want to be in this stupid bunker any longer than I have to be,” Gabriel growled impatiently behind Hannah. Hannah’s wings ruffled in annoyance at the archangel’s poor attitude. She couldn’t believe she’d once held him in such high esteem. Gabriel was nothing like what she’d expected the archangel to be. He acted more like an infant human, getting satisfaction from playing tricks on others and throwing tantrums.
The usual tirade of questions that she’d been harbouring since reading the Winchester Gospels ran through her mind. It suddenly occurred to her that she could finally actually ask Castiel that stuff but, as she caught him eying the Impala across the lot warily, she decided now wasn’t the right time.
Before he could even wonder what the hell that meant, Sam’s stomach lurched and he suddenly found himself sandwiched between a sheepish looking Hannah and beaming Charlie at the kitchen table.
I don’t go for the clingy ones,” Gabriel stated in his old exaggeratedly theatrical tone. Sam rolled his eyes, but Gabriel noticed the corners of his mouth quirk into a small smile. That tiny gesture filled Gabriel with hope. It was all the proof he needed to know that Sam had warmed up to him far more than he’d realised. Gabriel was determined to use the fondness the human already felt for him and take it one step further. He would definitely prove to the Winchester that he was worth becoming his mate. He wouldn’t even use tricks this time, he promised.
Hannah had been the first angel Castiel had encountered who selflessly guided Heaven with no personal agenda, she simply wanted what was best for Heaven. Even he himself had lead selfishly in his brief position as God. His first action, in crucifying that hypocritical preacher against homosexuality, had been fuelled by his own bias. Even before he truly understood his feelings for Dean as romantic, he knew he severely opposed homophobia on a deeply personal level.
A heavy fist hit his face, effectively wiping the smirk from his face. He spat blood on the ground in front of him before lifting his eyes to his attacker defiantly. Crowley’s apparent body guard grinned at him as she wiped the blood from her knuckles on Dean’s jeans.
part of his bed. He whipped his hand back, falling out of the bed clumsily before diving for the light switch. His breath hitched as he caught sight of what his hand had brushed against. Wings.
He’d just have to accept that they’d find happiness with each other and be happy for them in turn. Unfortunately, Castiel realised as another flash of envy flared through him at that thought, it was easier said than done.
“Charlie also informs me that Castiel is under the false impression that Dean and I have become romantically involved,” Hannah informed them, appearing extremely concerned by the issue.
“Uh hi, I’m Charlie,” she said nervously, holding out her hand. Hannah just looked at it curiously, tilting her head to the side. After a moment, Charlie pulled her hand back awkwardly.
“I have to go,” Cas spoke suddenly. Before Dean could even protest Cas was out of the room, leaving Dean to think over Cas’s words alone.
All plans of sleep were forgotten, however, when Castiel found himself approached by Dean almost as soon as they’d appeared in the library.
? Okay was an understatement for the bliss Castiel was experiencing right now. It was like the most wonderful massage, Castiel could almost fall asleep.
“Um if you wouldn’t mind Cas, I’d like some privacy. Some of us still have to shower, you know,” Dean reminded him tensely.
The news almost caused Dean to have a panic attack right then and there. Sure he’d known that angels didn’t have ‘divorce’ but
“Eat first, then we can talk about your other needs,” Cas insisted, emphasizing his statement with another deep kiss before pulling away resolutely. Dean tried not to pout, knowing it was useless to complain further.
Cas continued to stare at him scrutinisingly and Dean began to fear just how much Cas could see. Was Cas looking at his soul right now? What did he see? Dean shuddered as thoughts of the thick black goo ran through his mind. He definitely didn’t want Cas looking at his soul. It was bad enough that his grace was tainted by it.
“That is excellent news. Your bond is truly miraculous, it has saved his life multiple times now,” Hannah noted impressed.
“I apologise Dean, we did not mean to cause you any discomfort. Hannah was simply expressing her relief at my recovery,” Cas explained, taking a step back to avoid the contact.
“That won’t be the case for too much longer,” Gabriel replied knowingly, “Cas’s grace can’t heal this far from Dean’s soul.”
“Hannah already knows, who else would drag your comatose ass across several states? That girl seriously needs a raise,” Dean informed him, chuckling fondly.
After finding himself alone in the bunker, he kind of wished Gabe had hung around for a while before the others got back. It was almost an hour drive and Sam only stayed up so he could greet Charlie. It was well past midnight before the bunker door finally groaned open and Sam was startled out of his almost-sleep by the sound. He pulled his head up from the table to watch them descend the stairs.
There was a sharp intake of breath nearby and the sound encouraged Castiel to pry his eyes open groggily. His eyes immediately landed on Dean who was standing over him, watching him nervously. Castiel felt, rather than saw, relief rush over Dean. Before he could even wonder how such a thing was possible, Castiel took note of his surroundings.
Dean was determined to do whatever he could to salvage their friendship while Cas was still willing to talk to him.
With his mind preoccupied, it wasn’t surprising that Dean didn’t hear the footsteps behind him until it was too late. The first blow to his head caused his vision to go blurry but he fought to stay conscious, throwing blind punches in the hopes of hitting his attacker. But after the second blow everything went black.
It was an extremely delicate situation, he needed to constantly monitor his grace’s progress. If he drained too much Dean’s life force could be crushed like a bug in his hand. But if he didn’t take enough he wouldn’t be able to heal Dean and this would have been for nothing. He found himself unconsciously whispering reassurances in Dean’s ear. He was sure Dean couldn’t hear him anymore anyway, so he poured his heart out because in the end this could very well be his last moments with Dean.
But Castiel couldn’t handle the way Dean was looking at him. The terrified, regret in his eyes. So he did the only thing he could think to do. He flew away.
Eventually excusing himself from the room, Dean decided to follow his gut. But unfortunately, Dean couldn’t find Cas anywhere. And considering how big the bunker was, the search was slow and tedious. It took two hours to scour the entire bunker and by the time he’d finally given up it was almost time to get ready. Dejected and more than a little concerned for Cas’s wellbeing, Dean considered cancelling.
Geez, did he already step over some boundary? Were wings meant to be kept private or something? God, was he basically perving on Cas by even looking at them? Sam cleared his throat obviously trying to clear the tension that was starting to fill the room.
Dean’s uncertainty was making him uncharacteristically nervous and he found himself hesitating to make the first move. Thankfully, Sean leaned in to kiss him first and Dean was relieved to find the other man had taken the role of leading. It would make it so much easier to let go if he wasn’t the one in control. Sean was a good kisser and Dean found it easy to lose himself in the act.
Castiel listened as his husband relayed the details of the dream, a frown furrowing his brow. Dean had talked about much more gruesome nightmares, of his time in hell or of the deaths of the people he was never able to save, but this dream disturbed Castiel more than any of them. Probably because there was a time when Castiel would’ve done such a thing, would’ve believed his love for Dean was enough and that he didn’t need reciprocation. But now that he’d experienced Dean’s love, he couldn’t imagine ever giving it up.
Which was why Castiel ambushed the older Winchester in his room later that night. Admittedly, it wasn’t much of an ambush, more just Castiel sitting on Dean’s bed reading
Hannah hesitated. She wasn’t certain but she suspected the presence of his grace may encourage Castiel’s remaining grace to seek it out, even returning function to his vessel in order to do so. But was she willing to bet her superior’s, her
“But I don’t understand. He cured me, did he not? I no longer feel the burning of another angel’s grace inside me,” Castiel announced gratefully.
“Why shouldn’t I be happy? The mark is gone, Cas’s grace is back and no one is starting any apocalypses. I’d say that earns a little happiness, Sam,” Dean insisted.
Gabriel glanced meaningfully over at Dean and Hannah’s table. The two seemed to be a lot more relaxed than earlier, Hannah was no longer sitting rigidly straight in her chair and leaned her arms casually on the edge of the table. She was even
“His grace is much too weak. If we were to wait for it to naturally recharge at this rate, the vessel would be lost to decay. We need to strengthen the bond and speed up his restoration process,” Hannah clarified. She was about to suggest they call Gabriel for assistance when Dean suddenly admitted, “I might actually know a way.” He pulled up his sleeve to reveal a handprint shaped scar on his left shoulder. Avoiding their eyes, as if embarrassed, he quickly added, “Castiel touched it once and, uh, well it definitely
he’ll be even more pissed off to know that Cas is only sticking around to heal himself,” Sam replied skeptically.
Charlie’s gaze snapped to Hannah, appearing a mixture of shocked and honoured by her declaration. Hannah returned the gaze eagerly, allowing herself a shy smile.
“No I didn’t mean- Look I just meant you like books and all that old fashioned junk right?” he amended.
“You hate it,” Dean stated dejectedly. Castiel could only shake his head, not trusting himself to speak around the lump forming in his throat and the threat of tears that burned his eyes.
“Hannah please, I didn’t mean to get in the way of your search. I don’t even have a say in what he does, he kind of controls himself. I’m just trying to help my brother be happy, that’s all. Don’t you want Cas to be happy too?” Sam pleaded with her.
Without warning his fingers buried deeper, causing Castiel to let out a startled groan. His body jerked and he grabbed Dean’s arm to steady himself. He realised his mistake almost instantly as Dean gasped, releasing a wrecked groan of his own. Dean’s emotions hit him like a freight train and he realised the soft sensation between his fingers was undoubtedly the feel of his own feathers. As Castiel noticed the returned handprint under his palm, his mind quickly connected the dots. This was what had caused the intensified link. He was feeling everything Dean felt and it appeared Dean was experiencing the same.
“Yes Sam, your brother and I are now in a romantic relationship,” Cas confirmed proudly. If the angel felt any embarrassment at being caught kissing he didn’t show it. Dean decided he shouldn’t feel embarrassed either. Sam didn’t react negatively like he’d feared. In fact, he seemed to support them.
He pushed his fears aside and forced himself to nod. If it was for Cas’s sake, he’d just have to shove his feelings deep down so he could stay with the angel. Even if just the idea of being alone with him made Dean’s heart race and his stomach flip nervously.
They both stared at the phone impatiently as the loading circle rotated in the middle of the screen. The small circle twirled on for what felt like an eternity, but Castiel knew logically that it could only have been a few minutes.
“Nice, huh? I got another memory foam mattress,” Dean informed him smugly as he gracefully climbed over the angel to settle upon his lap. He felt Dean’s firm cock press against his own through their underwear and he hissed at the subtle hint of friction. Dean leaned in unbearably close, his lips brushing against the sensitive skin of the angel’s earlobe as he purred, “How 'bout we make some memories?"
“He’s likely gone to find more research. We already exhausted all that was to offer in the bunker last night. With his wings fully healed he’s able to fly, unlike the rest of the fallen, so his disappearance isn’t surprising. It’s no doubt he’s relishing in his returned flight. I don’t think cancelling our plans is necessary,” Hannah assured him.
Castiel wasn’t expecting the wave of pleasure that hit him out of nowhere, causing his knees to go weak and he quickly grabbed the wall to keep upright. A noise was ripped out of his throat as if beyond his control and he covered his mouth, desperate to avoid the younger Winchester’s attention merely a room away.
“Look Dean,” Sam tried again, “I know this is overwhelming. I mean, two days ago your best friend almost died
“We’re attempting to summon Gabriel,” Cas informed without looking up from the spell he was brewing. The ingredients bubbled unpleasantly within the pot. So that’s why this seemed familair, he’d been preparing this same ritual only a week ago. Well it
“Hello Dean,” the familiar words falling from his mouth easily, “I am doing well. I am simply glad that you are okay. My health hardly matters in comparison.”
“Your wings are amazing, Cas, don’t be stupid,” he couldn’t stop himself from arguing. Cas finally looked up at him in shock and this time Dean
He’d deliberately kept Gabriel out of the disclosure, fearing his involvement might convince the reserved angel not to join them.
Charlie’s grip on her hands tightened and the girl practically vibrated with nerves. Hannah gently squeezed back in what she hoped was a comforting gesture, before reluctantly letting her hands go and turning towards the archangel.
“Marriage?” Cas asked. Everyone in the room froze, but Dean didn’t even notice as his head snapped to look at Cas in confusion.
“Shhh, it’s okay. Just hold on, please. It won’t be much longer, I promise,” Castiel assured him gently.
Castiel rose from his desk reluctantly, straightening out the back of his trench coat even though he knew it was unnecessary. His clothes no longer rumpled or creased anymore, it was just another habit from his time as a human.
Dean tried not to appear too disappointed when Cas pulled his wing back. The small touch was unlike anything he’d ever experienced, like a mix between silk and velvet. It was the softest thing he’d ever felt.
family. Those winged douchebags never cared about you like we do,” Dean accused resentfully. Cas dropped his eyes to the floor, running a hand agitatedly through his already unruly locks. It was a familiar gesture and Dean was sure Cas had adopted the habit from him.
mean that he was considering accepting the angel’s feelings. Because, at least to Dean, that’s what Cas had just announced. That he had
“Sure but since when do you like pancakes? I thought it would be too many carbs for you or something,” Dean teased. As expected, Sam flashed him a bitchface.
Sam found himself shocked at the random gesture. The quill was stunning, probably the most elegant looking thing he’d ever seen. It was like something out of a Harry Potter movie, he half expected Gabriel to tell him it was a Phoenix feather or something equally astonishing. He was moved by Gabriel’s admission even more so. The archangel rarely did anything generous for nothing in return. The entire situation had Sam at a complete loss.
angels watching over me,” Dean chuckled, his hand sliding casually over Castiel’s shoulder to the empty space behind him.
Castiel relayed the previous year’s events including the fall, his stolen grace, the Mark of Cain and, eventually, the bond.
Besides, Sam would only tell Dean what he thought he needed to hear. Dean needed someone who wasn’t going to bullshit him and fill him with false hope…and Dean realised he knew
“Our wings are on another plane of existence, Dean, they pass through all physical objects undeterred. Humans rarely notice their presence,” Castiel explained patiently as he drove.
“All entries into Heaven have been restored and the souls trapped on Earth have been welcomed into their Heavens safely. However, many of us cannot perform our previous duties properly with our wings inactive. Human travel is slow and ineffective for the collection of souls,” Jehoel informed him tensely, “alarmingly several human souls have complained that, to quote, “you don’t drive to Heaven” and have refused to go with their Reapers because they fear they're to be taken to Hell instead. The number of restless souls on Earth has tripled in the last month alone. Sir, what are your orders?”
Yet part of him wished the dream had never changed. That if it hadn’t got dark and twisted, maybe he could have enjoyed it.
Castiel knew he didn’t have the most desirable wings but Dean’s reaction had still disappointed him. After his kind words the other day, Castiel had even fooled himself into thinking Dean might actually like his wings. He realised now that was silly of him.
Dean emphasised his suggestion with a persistent grind of his hips against Castiel’s cock. Castiel’s hips jerked up without his permission in a primal need for more friction. Castiel couldn’t decide which of the two options sounded better and he groaned in indecision.
the news I have for you, Sammy-boy! It’s positively delicious,” Gabriel purred, emphasising the last word by conjuring a bar of chocolate and taking an enthusiastic bite.
“Now that all the serious stuff is out of the way, let’s drink each other under the table,” Dean declared.
can’t hear them, but I can. Don’t worry it’s nothing interesting yet, Dean’s just trying to teach Hannah how to “loosen up”. As if that’s possible for a stiff like her,” Gabriel scoffed, adding air quotes around the two words. Sam raised an eyebrow at the archangel.
now. Getting off to thoughts of your husband was completely understandable, it told him firmly, healthy even.
“Please, Cas,” his counterpart spoke for the first time. Cas stopped his movements, tilting his head in that adorable way of his, pressing a stubble covered cheek against Dean’s thigh in the process. The pleasant grazing sensation caused Dean to shudder in anticipation.
“Hey I was going to Heaven eventually anyway, at least now it’s by my own choice. Plus I get a sweet gig with a cute boss, it’s win-win,” Charlie winked at Hannah. Hannah didn’t seem to react to the flirting outwardly, but Sam caught Charlie eyeing the space behind the angel where he assumed her wings would be.
Castiel could tell Sam was obviously withholding something but he didn’t have time to care. Dean was in danger and he needed to find him.
Sam stayed silent because he couldn’t find any acceptable excuse for their actions. He’d known letting Cas think Dean and Hannah were a couple was wrong but he’d allowed Gabe to convince him otherwise. He knew they were just as much at fault, even if they hadn’t planted the idea in the first place.
Dean refused to admit that he missed the damn thing, but acknowledged that he definitely didn’t mind its return. It had been a symbol of, not only Dean’s resurrection but, the angel who’d risked his own life to pull him out of hell.
“Castiel!” Hannah’s voice cut through his foggy mind like a knife. He looked up from his desk guiltily, knowing she’d no doubt chastise him for being caught daydreaming once again.
With thoughts of the angel, Dean remembered Cas had his wings back. Even with how things were left between them, Cas wouldn’t refuse to help him. At least he
There was a tension growing between them that she didn’t necessarily disapprove of. Hannah knew the fall wasn’t the most
“Will you just hurry up and get to the point already? I don’t know if you’ve realised this but Cas doesn’t really have that much time left!” Dean hissed and both of their eyes drifted to his sleeping form. Cas hadn’t moved an inch since they'd placed him there.
Dean’s entire world view had been turned upside down in one damn conversation. Everything he knew about himself might be a lie. How could his soul be as bright as Cas said? After everything he’d done? It just didn’t seem possible. It
He knew the moment Dean awoke because his emotions lurched, lacing in confusion, as awareness brought clarity among the previously muddled subconscious. Despite the source of distress being gone, Dean’s emotions continued to struggle with the aftermath of the nightmare.
Curled up like this, Dean could almost pretend they were a real couple. He knew this entire situation, especially thinking stuff like that, was dangerous. It would almost certainly cause him more heartache in the end. But, lying here with Cas like this, he couldn’t seem to care. He honestly hadn’t felt this content in days. It was like all the bad vibes he’d been building up all week had disappeared the moment Cas arrived. Dean was going to enjoy this moment while it lasted, it was worth dealing with the consequences later.
Before he could wallow any further in self-loathing, the door to the bunker was shoved noisily open. A load thumping soon followed, as if something extremely heavy was being dragged down the stairs.
“Sam there’s angel warding, I cannot enter as long as they remain unbroken. I need you to break the warding for me,” Castiel rasped, dragging himself to his feet.
. But that was irrelevant. Dean couldn’t give himself over to this marriage with Cas. He’d spent years ensuring that he kept his bisexuality a secret. Not even his brother knew. Dean had never dared form a real relationship with another man, limiting himself only to occasional one night stands with men he’d met at bars.
“Happy? It’s that rabbit food stuff you like instead this time,” Gabriel pointed out, popping a curly fry in his mouth. Sam had to admit the salad looked pretty appetising and he hadn’t eaten dinner yet…
When Dean was fully seated on his lap once again, the entirety of Castiel’s length enveloped in that impossibly tight heat, they both paused relishing in the feeling. Castiel embraced Dean closely and the hunter wrapped his legs tightly around his hips, their foreheads pressed together causing their heavy pants to mingle. They stayed like this for a few moments, Castiel completely content to hold his mate in his arms for the rest of the night. But then Dean lifted his hips deliberately before quickly slamming them back down, changing Castiel’s opinion instantly. He needed more friction and Dean was only too happy to oblige, dragging himself over Castiel’s cock determinedly. Castiel’s own hips began to buck up in turn to meet Dean’s downward thrusts, their rhythm clumsy but effective. Castiel could feel his impending release building in his stomach and he hoped Dean was close too.
“No way! Your wings are going right through her body,” Dean called out like an excited little kid, twisted in his seat to stare at them. He was still extremely intoxicated and Hannah tried not to look as mortified as she felt. She tried to draw her wings as close to her body as she could, cursing Dean for saying anything.
technically married. Now that his attempt at fucking away his problems had failed, all he could think about was just how terrible a plan this had been.
Sam tried not to let the slight mention of Gabriel bother him. He still hadn’t seen the archangel since they’d last fought.  He wasn’t answering any of Sam’s prayers and Cas said he couldn’t convince him to come back to the bunker. Sam refused to admit just how badly he missed him.
Castiel felt the familiar tightening in his stomach as his muscles coiled and he eagerly prepared for his release. He knew he should feel guilty for enjoying this, and likely would later, but his mind was too far gone to care. He was so close, he could feel it. Just a little more-
Cas had called Hannah, those two were pretty much inseparable these days. Dean tried to dismiss his growing irritation as lingering mistrust towards the other angel. Hannah had tried to convince Cas to kill him, after all. He had every right to dislike her.
“Then it’s settled, I’ll go inform Sam,” Cas announced happily, before glancing from Hannah to Dean and adding, “you two should get to know each other while I’m gone. I’m sure you’ll be spending a lot of time together from now on.”
to occur,” Hannah interrupted looking at Sam intently, “then the accepting party would not be obligated to continue the courtship. Acceptance of the feather is not binding, as it is simply the first stage in the courting process.”
Several hours passed and Dean stuck by his word, staying by the angel’s side late into the night. Charlie and Sam had gone to bed a few hours earlier, leaving Hannah and Dean to watch over Cas alone. Hannah sat patiently in the armchair beside them, her wings wrapped around herself like a blanket. He was sure the action was for emotional comfort rather than the cold. Dean fought the urge to sleep, almost nodding off a few times with his cheek pressed heavily against the couch cushion.
“Yes angels may be powerful and we have many abilities that humans may never even begin to comprehend. But we are also flawed. We have no wills of our own. What’s the point of having power if it’s not truly yours to command?” Hannah stated, startling herself with her own admission.
Her wings were reached out, larger feathers trailing gently along Cas’s resting wings. They were much smaller than Cas’s, pale blue feathers a stark contrast against his ebony ones, looking frail compared to his newly healed limbs.
But even as he thought that, he couldn’t help but be reminded of the few times he’d slipped up. Let on just how important the angel had become to him.
“Wait,” Dean called, getting up quickly, “don’t go. We were finished talking anyway. I’ll let you guys get on with your angel business, I should probably hit the sack before daylight.”
Thanks for being patient guys! I only have two assignments left before term finishes but I decided to write a chapter instead because I needed a break from Uni work xD
and Dean; well Dean was so screwed up there probably wasn’t enough duct tape in the universe that could piece together his broken soul. Cas deserved better, Dean had always known that.
“Very well,” Castiel sighed, admitting defeat. This human girl may be smaller and much weaker than him, but somehow he felt that she’d manage to get her way no matter what he said. She was just that determined.
He’d misjudged her. She was actually a pretty cool chick, even if she was still in that “robot angel” stage. He’d have to teach her how to let loose sometime to really thank her. He smirked to himself at the thought of taking the angel to a strip club. Maybe he could buy her a lap dance. Now
Waking up for the first time was an incredibly disorientating experience for an angel, as Hannah learned stirring from her apparent unconsciousness. Taking note of her surroundings she found herself sprawled on the largest of the couches in the Bunker’s library. And to her surprise, she wasn’t alone.
An enormous grin spread across Gabriel’s face at his words but his tone remained light, “Always happy to help a fellow Trickster. Anyway, I better get going before your little sleepover guests wake up. I’m not quite ready to meet Red just yet.”
Sam cleared his throat, deciding he should direct the conversation elsewhere to avoid Hannah anymore embarrassment. He turned to Charlie before asking, “So how much do you know exactly?”
He paused, looking uncertain, “…it is, right? I mean, you’re not still upset? I know we didn’t get to finish our…um, talk.”
Hannah was quiet and pensive as the minutes ticked slowly by, Dean had almost fallen asleep again when she spoke once more.
“No but I have something better,” Sam explained as he opened one of the many apps on his phone, “when Dean still had the Mark of Cain I was constantly worried he’d go MIA one day. So I installed a tracker in the Impala.”
a husband. Those were luxuries he’d given up a long time ago. From the moment he’d picked up that knife in hell, Dean knew he would never deserve happiness. Not now, not ever.
“That’s my cue!” Gabriel declared and with a snap of his fingers, he was gone. Not gone, Sam reminded himself, no doubt the trickster was still lurking around here somewhere. There’s no way he would miss the ‘big show’.
Actually he hadn’t felt this great in ages, well other than when he’d first woken up after the bonding. Dean’s soul truly was a miraculous source of energy. His grace always buzzed brighter than ever after encountering his soul, although Castiel assumed that probably had something to do with his feelings for Dean. His grace was just delighted to be near him. Which made him all the more depressed as he realised it could be a very long time before he was in Dean’s presence again, maybe never.
Sean didn’t look upset, he just shrugged, “Go home and make up with your boyfriend. Screwing around isn’t going to solve anything.”
Dean hardly hesitated before accepting the feather eagerly, marvelling at the softness of it between his fingers. He knew realistically that things were moving really fast between them. But honestly, they’d been on the cusp of this for years and he knew for certain that he would be spending the rest of his life with Cas. Might as well make it ‘official’.
Despite what many people think, there’s no standard criteria a gay man would fit into. Dean was proof enough that the feminine stereotype was complete bullshit. Sure there were guys out there who enjoyed the flamboyant stereotype and quite happily embraced it, but assuming all gays were going to appear that way was ignorant. So instead of judging from appearance, Dean would determine a guy’s interest by certain interactions.
Sam sat in the chair in front of his desk, turning to face Dean, who remained at Cas's bedside refusing to leave the angel’s side in case he took a turn for the worst.
“Not that yours aren’t cool, of course. They’re both super badass,” Charlie insisted, trailed a hand through Hannah’s feathers playfully. The angel blushed furiously, visibly trying to appear unaffected.
“Cas, you’re here!” Dean cried loudly, jumping from the booth and clumsily pulling Castiel into a hug. Castiel stiffened at the unexpected contact but soon melted into Dean’s touch. However, upon catching sight of Charlie, Dean quickly let go to drag Charlie into a tight bear hug. Charlie noted Castiel's disappointmeant at the loss of contact but her attention was quickly drawn back to Dean.
“Morning Sammy,” Dean chimed a greeting, plucking some leftovers out of the fridge before taking a seat beside his brother.
It didn’t help that it had happened just after Dean’s reaction to touching his wing. Dean had frozen at the contact, he’d practically
Dean snorted, “What the hell makes you think I’d join you again? I don’t even have the mark anymore, that demon lapdog is gone.”
“Gabriel,” Sam growled. Gabriel found himself slightly disappointed at the use of his full name instead of the nickname Sam had preferred lately, but he brushed it off as a trivial concern when he took note of the Winchester’s stern tone. The Winchester was clearly not pleased to see him despite his own request for Gabriel’s presence. Gabriel  was surprised at his intensity, he didn’t think their disagreement the other day had been that serious.
Castiel was hesitant and she knew why. They were about to crash Dean’s date, albeit invited, and who knows what they’d find in there. Dean was a playboy sober and drunk Dean was likely even worse. They could very well be walking into a heated make-out session or
“Don’t even bother, even an angel couldn’t get out of that chair. Poor Samandriel learned that the hard way,” a British accent announced jovially from the smaller figure.
“Oops sorry, I couldn’t help it. My ship just became canon, I needed a moment to fangirl,” she apologised.
Before he could convince himself of doing otherwise, Castiel entered the room. It was dark and echoed with the sound of Dean’s deep panting. Castiel saw Dean freeze at his arrival, but didn’t protest. As he flicked the switch by the door, the room became flooded with light. Dean squinted at the sudden brightness, covering his hand over his eyes.
Dean leapt from his seat as Cas began to stir, rushing to his side instantly. Then Dean hesitated, unsure of how to proceed, as he hovered over the angel anxiously. His first instinct was to cradle Cas’s face, gently comfort him through his awakening, as he’d done not so long ago in April’s apartment. But now the action felt way too intimate, a painful reminder of how the bond would change things between them. He didn’t dare touch the other man knowing Cas would recoil, look at him in disgust once he realised what Dean had done. Dean tried not to notice how much the idea of Cas rejecting him made his heart twinge.
Before he could analyse his actions any further, Dean gave into his urges. He allowed himself to bring up the memory of where the dream left off, before everything went to shit. This time when his hands reached out, seeking Cas’s wings, he found them just as soft and irresistible to touch as they had been in the beginning of the dream. Cas gave a small gasp, hips jerking forward instinctively, as Dean buried his hands within the feathers. He teased them slowly, relishing in their softness. But Cas’s movements were anything but slow as he clawed at Dean’s shirt, worshipping the newly exposed skin with exploring hands.
“Don’t try to bullshit a bullshitter, Cas. I’ve been a professional liar practically my whole life. Now tell me what’s really going on?” Charlie instructed him.
“But Dean’s right next to him. He’s even touching him, shouldn’t that be enough?” Sam claimed, but Hannah shook her head remorsefully.
They jerked a little as the car started moving and Hannah instinctively pulled a hand out to steady them.
Hannah nodded accepting the book and sitting on the edge of the bed carefully. Dean sat on the other side, glancing at Cas warily. He was so thin and pale, Dean noticed fearfully, the rise and fall of his chest was the only indicator that he wasn’t already dead. His mind flashed to all the times he’d almost lost Cas, each loss more painful than the last.
Dean squared his shoulders in determination, “Then it’s a good thing I’m willing to sit here as long as it takes, I’ll stay here all night if I have to.”
So that’s how Dean had found himself petting Cas’s hair instead. It was a fair compromise, he’d decided, to stop himself from touching Cas’s wings. Honestly he couldn’t say he was disappointed, the urge to touch Cas’s hair had been just as tempting. Dean would be lying if he said he’d never thought about running his hands through that constant ‘sex hair’ Cas always sported. It would only be a few minutes, he’d promised himself, Cas would never even know.
“Seriously you can’t feel that?” he probed Charlie. The human looked disappointed as she shook her head, eyeing Hannah curiously. Hannah avoided her eyes guiltily.
orders rather than take them was rare in itself. It would be even more difficult to find someone just as worthy of making such important decisions.
. Come on Sammy, I’m going insane stuck in here. I need to get my hands dirty,” Dean complained, becoming even more restless at the concept of not finding a hunt.
“No way, the plan is going perfectly! Dean’s totally love sick over Cas. I give him a day or two before he starts blasting break-up songs and eating ice-cream,” Gabriel said giddily.
At thoughts of the bond, he gradually became more aware of Dean’s emotions once again. They were easy enough to block out, only requiring a small amount of distraction for his mind to dismiss them. But once he focussed on them, the connection grew strong enough that he could sort through each emotion individually.
how he felt about Sam, yet she just let him waltz in here while Gabriel was still grieving. He thought they’d been some semblance of friends. Clearly he’d been wrong.
But Dean knew his spite towards the other angel wasn’t nearly so rational. It was quite petty of him, he knew, but Dean couldn’t help thinking Hannah was being greedy. He’d only just gotten Cas back, whereas Hannah had seen him every day for
Hannah thought that concept sounded like the very definition of ‘bad’, but before she could ask if the girl was okay her thoughts became overwhelmed. Her grace was screaming at her to join the girl’s soul, it thrashed violently inside her vessel trying desperately but powerless to free itself.
“Don’t take it personally, Sasquatch. I’m sure Dean just needed some distinctly angel advice. I mean, he’d only
“Fine. I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry for everything. All of it was my fault and I was too arrogant to admit it. Satisfied?” Gabriel snapped, folding his arms and doing his best to look unaffected. “If you’ve come to give the feather back then just do it already. Don’t drag this out any longer than it needs to.”
At the realisation, Castiel wanted nothing more than to flee from the bunker and return to his office in Heaven to sulk. But Charlie wasn’t having any of it, squashing his plans in their tracks.
tell Dean, maybe he’ll feel the same way. You can’t know how someone else feels until you ask them.”
Thank you all so much for being patient, I know almost four months is a seriously long time to wait for an update. I have officially finished my university term and should expect my final results by the end of the week for any of you that were curious.
sulking, on a secluded beach in Cuba while sipping idly at a mojito. He was in the middle of trying his hardest
But where? There were so many doors and the magic almost felt like it was coming from everywhere at once. He may not be able to find it in time before whoever, or
“Woah, that feels really weird,” Charlie announced before hastily amending, “not bad weird! I mean, it feels like my entire body has ‘pins and needles.’”
Of course Dean wouldn’t appreciate such plain and ugly wings as his when Hannah’s wings were so pretty. They were as blue as a clear sky and though they were wounded in the fall they remained just as lovely. Hannah’s wings were delicate and slender, typical for Heaven’s internal angels. Before the fall Hannah had been one of Naomi’s garrison, rarely venturing from Heaven’s walls.
“It’s good to see you’re awake,” she continued, placing the book down beside her and walking over to the couch, “You had us really worried.”
reason she would have for rejecting him. Dean may be human, but he had one of the brightest souls Castiel had ever seen. If any human deserved the love of an angel, it was Dean.
He hesitated just outside his bedroom door. Dean really didn’t feel up to seeing Cas yet. He didn’t have the energy to deal with all the drama that attached to seeing him, especially as tired as he was now. But asking to sleep in Sam’s room or taking one of the spare rooms around the bunker would make it extremely obvious he was avoiding Cas. Dean wasn’t a coward, dammit, he wasn’t going to run from his own room.
“If you’re not planning on finishing those pancakes, I’ll be happy to take them off your hands,” Sam offered, gesturing to the abandoned pan and bottle of batter.
“Don’t worry, Angel. I’ll protect you,” Charlie flirted before she could help herself.  Hannah titled her head in that endearing angel way.
. How could he have let himself get carried away like that? Cas obviously hadn’t been ready for anything serious, attempted to warn him before they’d even begun. Cas had tried to say no but Dean just wouldn’t listen. He just
me into being courted would work out? I mean, what was the end goal there? How was that supposed to pan out in your favour?” Sam ranted.
“Hannah why don’t I show you the library, maybe we can find something useful in there to help you track down angels,” Sam suggested, locking eyes with Hannah meaningfully. As expected Sam’s intentions went right over the angel’s head and she simply squinted at him confused.
Charlie looked taken aback, “Seriously? I mean, this stuff is so mundane compared to what you’re probably used to seeing every day. I can’t even imagine all the amazing things angels can do. This couldn’t even compare.”
Dean felt a burst of satisfaction as he saw surprise replace Crowley’s smirk. The demon tore up his sleeve roughly to confirm the news.
“Hannah must be informed immediately. She will need to become my replacement in my absence,” Castiel said anxiously. He began to rise but Dean gripped his shoulder, stopping him.
watching Dean and Hannah get drunk. He didn’t see why they needed to be there any longer. According to Gabe, Hannah had done her job in convincing Dean about twenty minutes ago. In fact, Dean hadn’t needed any convincing at all. It seemed his brother was finally heading in the right direction for once. Unfortunately, Gabe was stubbornly
Finally an update! I'm so sorry for how long this took. I actually have legitimate excuses this time but I'll spare you me trying to justify it. This is the longest chapter I've ever written for this fic and there's also smut so I'm hoping this chapter will make up for the wait. This is technically the last real chapter of this fic, but there's an epilogue still to come! Anyway enjoy! :D
into accepting the feather originally, then they would need to be clear about their intentions and let the angel know.”
Cas frowned. “Such a case wouldn’t occur, angels are versed in the ways of courtship since creation.”
“Dean… maybe you should prepare yourself for the possibility-” Sam began warily but Dean cut him off.
This simple interaction between them was enough to release the tension from Castiel’s chest. This was how it was supposed to be between them, easy and familiar. Castiel had feared they’d never be able to return to what they once were, but perhaps there was hope yet. Maybe Dean didn’t remember the events of the other night, he
Dean roughly pushed the angel onto the bed now situated behind him. Castiel’s breath rushed out of him in surprise, but the bed braced the impact of his fall. In fact it was extremely comfortable and he found himself gratefully pressing further into the soft surface.
“Is that CAB?” Charlie asked with a wide grin. Castiel instantly became flustered, Sam must have changed his ringtone again. Why must the younger Winchester pick these embarrassingly ironic ringtones constantly? Last time he’d chosen ‘Angel’ by Madonna.
“No thank you, I vowed to take care of this vessel. The consumption of alcohol is unnecessary and detrimental to the human body,” Hannah declined. Dean rolled his eyes and scanned the menu himself.
Dean glanced at Hannah self-consciously, he obviously didn’t want her to know about their earlier conversation. Castiel quickly came to Dean’s aid, burying the subject, “Of course not, Dean. I could never harbour any ill will towards you.” Even if you love another, he added silently.
“Dean?” he groaned, his eyes flickering open in expectation. He needed to make sure he’d succeeded in keeping Dean alive, needed to see it for himself.
“So this is where you’ve been all day, huh? Sam and I were starting to think you’d gotten lost. This place is big enough for it,” Dean pointed out with a chuckle. He stood awkwardly by the bed, waiting for Cas to move. Cas didn’t, instead simply placing his book down beside him.
Besides, he’d been serious when he decided he wanted to pay her back for last night. Dean was determined to show the angel a fun time whether she wanted it or not.
His attention was drawn quickly back to Cas, however, as the angel softly spoke. It was so quiet Dean almost missed it. But there was no mistaking what he’d heard.
“Thanks, Hannah, you have no idea how much I needed this,” Dean’s voice seemed unexpectedly loud in the otherwise silent room, causing Castiel to startle out of his trance. The movement, however, drew the others’ attention and he found himself caught under their shared gaze. Dean quickly withdrew from Hannah, who appeared more than slightly relieved at the loss of contact, and she slowly relaxed her wings from their tensed position.
. Closing his eyes, Dean desperately searched for any sign of the feeling again. It had only lasted a moment but it had been enough to stir a new wave of hope inside of him. After a moment Dean detected a few distant emotions that he hadn’t been aware of before. Although he couldn’t know for sure, Dean
In this dream we never got bonded, I never courted you and we never got married. I was still stupidly hiding my feelings but you confessed anyway. You told me you knew you could never get what you wanted and that it didn’t matter, that you were happy enough just telling me how you felt. I couldn’t say anything. It was like the words were caught in my throat. I felt like I was a teenager again, so scared to admit my sexuality, so scared of what it would mean. Before I could even respond to your confession, you were being dragged away to a place even worse than hell. I couldn’t stop it, I couldn’t do anything. I just had to watch while you were ripped away from me.”
“Way to let the cat out of the bag, Chatty Cathy,” a voice appeared behind them, “you just can’t trust good help these days.”
“Sup bitche- Um bitch?” A female voice announced from the upstairs entrance doorway. Castiel’s head snapped up to view the culprit. She had short red hair and wore modern clothes, so she didn’t appear to be a time traveller at least. He noticed she was holding a large talisman in her right hand, which Castiel soon realised must be the key she’d used to get there.
would be interesting. He’d probably have more luck with her at a “den of iniquity” than he did with Cas.
But he knew Dean could never return his feelings. After all, Castiel had just been in the middle of preparing him to court
“That’s too bad, wings are awesome. They’re so soft. Seriously Charlie, think of the softest thing you’ve ever touched and then times it by 100,” Dean explained waving his hands around enthusiastically.
“It’s saved both our lives,” Dean admitted, “you know, at first I was terrified at the idea of being married to Cas. But I’m actually glad it happened. If I hadn’t been duped into this, we might never have faced our true feelings for each other.”
, Cas’s first words echoed in his mind. Dean couldn’t help the fond smile that tugged at his lips at the memory.
“I suppose it’s a consequence of living thousands of years without them,” Castiel mused, then he sighed in defeat. He’d been keeping all his feelings to himself, what did it hurt to confide in one human girl? The Winchesters definitely trusted her and he knew she could keep a secret based off the fact she constantly went by an alias.
are Charlie. I have heard much about you. Unfortunately they are not currently here but they should return shortly. You may wait for them if you like.”
“Oh boy, I know that look! I sense a matchmaking scheme,” Gabriel chimed excitedly, “Count me in! I do love a good rom com. What do you have in mind? Handcuff them together? Lock them in a closet? Oooooh leave them on a deserted island for a few years?” Gabriel suggested animatedly.
“Yeah I know, I’m awesome. It’s not like I mind having an excuse to hang out with Cas all day anyway,” Charlie assured her.
“Stop calling me that, if you don’t have any more to say then I might as well tell Cas and Hannah you’re here,” Sam suggested in warning.
“You betcha Dean-o, good as new. In fact, I’m sure he’ll have that newlywed glow soon enough,” Gabriel snickered, wiggling his eyebrows.
“Shit! That reminds me,” Dean proclaimed, “how long do you think it’ll be til he wakes up? And do you think he’ll be okay if I leave his side for a while?” Hannah placed a gentle hand on Cas’s forehead.
He deliberately focussed on the road, trying to ignore his brewing emotions. He would have preferred to focus on
His strange behaviour unnerved Castiel. What could Dean possibly want to show him that would have him this nervous? Dean clenched his fists by his sides, suddenly looking determined. He began to leave the room, only looking back expectantly when Castiel had failed to follow him.
leave,” Gabriel’s voice caused Sam to startle violently in his seat, eyes snapping up to find the archangel sitting in front of him beside his laptop.
She’d never before outwardly spoken ill of Heaven’s design. Before the fall it would have been considered blasphemy and she’d have been strapped to Naomi’s chair faster than she could blink. Hannah determinedly pressed the memories of Naomi’s “treatments” out of her mind. Watching her brothers and sisters being tortured had always been hard for her. But Hannah had tried to maintain a detached perception of her work, lest she be the one in the chair herself.
Soon Cas was as stripped as he was and they moved towards each other simultaneously. Cas hastily returned to his place above Dean, pressing him into the mattress and smothering his neck with kisses once more. Dean groaned at the weight, pulling at Cas’s hips frantically in search of more contact. Dean’s breathing hitched as Cas’s clothed erection brushed against his own.
Dean smirked, sensing he’d hit a nerve, but before he could push further Charlie and Hannah entered the room.
Dean gave an exasperated moan as, even once his boxers were removed, Cas merely continued spreading open-mouthed kisses over his thighs.
Gabriel sighed, his laughter fading into a look of almost boredom. He leant against a shelf crossing his arms.
“Hey, look at me. Don’t apologise, just tell me what’s wrong. I can’t believe I’m actually the one saying this, but I want us to be open about our feelings from now on. Keeping everything bottled up has only screwed us in the past,” Dean demanded, locking eyes with the angel.
“You can have anything you wish, Dean,” Cas told him earnestly before his eyes sparkled cheekily, “But first I would like you to admit you are mine. I want to hear it.”
The tingling took over in full force until soon his entire body was swept up in the sensation. Then surprisingly it continued, spreading to Cas’s body as if it were his own. He felt the buzzing pulses travel through Cas’s hand, down his arm, his torso. Soon he couldn’t even determine where he finished and where Cas began. They were one entity. One buzzing, spark filled entity that vibrated along every nerve and every cell.
Gabe looked at him innocently, “What? Doesn’t the moose eat pancakes? They’re not poison, I swear. Scouts honour.” He even added a mocking scout salute.
Dean more than anything wanted to say ‘hell no’, but Cas was looking at him so excitedly he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. Besides, he did kind of owe Hannah for bringing Cas here and helping save Cas’s life.
“Do you think he’s felt this way for years or did it start after he turned human?” Sam suggested, attempting to plant seeds of doubt into his brother’s mind.
Sam sighed but couldn’t help the twitch of a smirk form at the corner of his mouth, “Look I’m kind of busy here, Gabe. Something really bizarre is going on with the hunting levels in the area. I need to figure out what’s causing it.”
“So had you progressed much in the way of courting Castiel? Before his near-death experience, of course,” Hannah probed nonchalantly.
“I can’t believe you’re back. Why aren’t you in Oz?” Dean demanded giddily. He was clearly “off his face” drunk and Charlie couldn’t help but smirk at his childlike excitement.
Gabriel looked at her incredulously, but he didn’t reply so she took that as permission to continue.
Dean gripped Cas’s coat tightly, tugging his husband in for a kiss. Although they’d kissed each other over a thousand times now, the feeling of his husband’s lips against his would never cease to make Castiel’s heart race. He let himself melt into the familiar feeling, knowing there were still plenty more kisses to look forward to.
in IKEA just to figure these instructions out,” Charlie heard Dean cursing loudly in the background.
“Because Hannah’s about as subtle as an elephant and I’m not a complete idiot. Is this why you’ve been pestering Cas about him? I thought he was avoiding the bunker because he knew I was pissed at him, I didn’t know you two had a fricking
“Look I know I’ve screwed up a lot lately, but I just needed to find a way to show you how much you mean to me. You said nests were a symbol of commitment, right? Well this was supposed to be my way of showing you that I’m serious about this, about
Dean’s smile grew even wider at the comment, warm affection for his brother flooding through him. Sam knew him too well, it felt surprisingly nice being reminded of that. Their relationship had been pretty strained since he got back from his ‘road trip down demon lane’. It was good to see some things never change. Maybe they could finally get back to some normalcy now that the mark was gone.
close. It would have been so easy to just glide a hand over the alluring feathers. But Dean knew he couldn’t, he had no idea what that could mean. What if touching Cas’s wings was violating Cas? He wasn’t going to risk becoming a rapist just because he couldn’t keep his hands to himself.
“Yes Dean, it was wrong of us to deceive you,” Hannah agreed, looking similarly remorseful with her wings drawn close around her in shame. He decided to forgive those two, at least. Hannah had helped him out a lot these past few days, after all. But
Besides, Dean hadn’t been laid in months. Which was probably why he’d let this whole mess with Cas get into his head. He was sure he just needed a good roll around in the sack, then it’d definitely be easy to bury his feelings for Cas again. Then Cas could find someone who was better for him. Hannah was definitely vying up for the position, Dean thought with a scowl. Encouraged by the jealousy that now sparked through him, Dean scanned the bar for a target.
The contact of their groins brought a startled moan from Cas, his lips raising from Dean’s neck, as the sound was torn from his throat. His eyes were almost completely consumed in black, the tiniest of blue iris still showing, want clouding his features as he stared down at Dean. Cas’s growl was practically animalistic as he firmly ground his hips against Dean’s in turn. Dean whimpered allowing the angel to decide the pace, enjoying him taking control, as his face was pulled into another passionate kiss.
Dean jerked awake with a start, heart racing and breathing strained, as he tried frantically to remember where he was. Looking around the dark room, he felt himself calm slightly as he recognised the surroundings as his room at the bunker. It had just been a dream, he reassured himself gratefully, just a terrible, horrifying dream. But even with this knowledge he couldn’t stop the dread coiling in his stomach as his mind continued replaying the events of the dream over and over.
“You truly care about him,” Hannah spoke softly, bringing Dean back from his almost-slumber. She didn’t phrase it like a question but Dean felt the need to assure her nonetheless.
“Congrats! I didn’t know you guys were that serious already,” Dean noted, grinning at Charlie encouragingly from the other side of the couch.
He tensed at the first contact of Dean’s hands, trying to look anywhere but at Dean. Why couldn’t he be lying face down again? At least then his face had been covered. Dean’s touches were excruciatingly gentle, for which Castiel was both grateful and frustrated. Castiel chanced a glance at Dean’s face, finding those gorgeous green eyes watching his face intently. There was anxiety in his gaze, as if worried he was hurting the angel. However, Dean’s expression seemed to change as he caught something in Castiel’s gaze.
“Dean, you have to stop,” Castiel panted, forcing his hand from the mark hoping it would help them think clearly. But Dean acted as if he hadn’t heard him. He was drunk, both from his previous intoxication and on the feelings that had been forced upon him through their connection. He was acting on impulse and Castiel knew if he let this go on Dean would no doubt be furious when his mind finally cleared. But it was when Dean’s hand trailed across his bare stomach, inching it’s way between his thighs, that Castiel
Hannah became extremely flustered as she searched for the proper words to describe them without sounding arrogant.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice croaked weakly and suddenly it didn’t matter anymore. Nothing else in the world mattered in that moment except
The hardest part of all was that Dean knew if Cas were to ask him outright, there was no way he’d be able to lie about his feelings for the angel. But Dean was adamant that Cas deserved better, even if that meant he’d have to break his own heart as well.
Castiel didn’t wish to explain that, actually, Metatron had inserted the knowledge into his head. So instead he simply shrugged, which seemed to be enough of a reply for Sam anyway.
He blinked the blurriness from his vision as he tried to take stock of his surroundings. He was in some kind of warehouse or abandoned factory, the smell of rotting wood surrounded him. The building was obviously very old, the lights barely worked and hardly illuminated the two figures sitting in front of him.
“What are you guys doing?” he asked, noting the familiar sigil marking the floor. He knew he’d seen it somewhere before…
“I am soooo glad you asked, because I have been dying to spill the big news all damn morning. Why do humans have to sleep anyways? It’s so inconvenient,” Gabriel whined.
But to Dean’s surprise, neither of those scenarios happened. In fact, Cas had asked him to stay. And, despite the fact that staying left major risk for the “dreaded topic” coming up, Dean hadn’t been able to pass up a chance to spend time with Cas. He’d missed him more than he would ever admit aloud and being with Cas awake was way better than unconscious. It felt less creepy that way. Cas had been the “watch you while you sleep” type, not Dean.
Sam was sitting at the kitchen table having lunch when he entered, munching on some of that rabbit food crap he loves so much. Dean didn’t even feel the urge to make an insulting comment about the food like he usually would, instead he flashed his brother a wide grin.
Which Sam knew was complete bullshit. Dean was the most selfless, courageous and kind hearted man Sam had ever known. But he knew telling Dean that was pointless. Trust him, he’d tried.
?” The outburst didn’t bother her, she understood his frustration was not truly directed at her but at his own helplessness to save his mate. However Charlie visibly bristled beside her, clearly wanting to warn Dean about his tone, so Hannah spoke before she had the chance.
Hannah straightened her back indignantly. “My confidence in Charlie has nothing to do with her aesthetic appeal. She has been nothing but generous and kind to me, her soul is pure and I trust her,” she defended firmly.
“You’ve got to be friggin' kidding me,” Gabriel complained from his place in the ring of fire. They’d made sure to add a ring of holy oil around the spell just in case Gabriel tried to make a run for it before they had a chance to explain.
I am so sorry for how long this took. I wrongfully thought I'd have more time to write in the Uni holidays. But it turns out work took advantage of my new availability and upped my hours. But I managed to get this out a few days before the Uni term starts again so at least these holidays weren't a total waste!
Hannah appeared to hesitate before she continued, “Have you thought about what I asked you this morning?”
Castiel noted Dean’s own increased heart rate, it seemed his warning had been taken too seriously. Good, perhaps if Dean was afraid of hurting him then his touches would be delicate. Although Castiel knew it wouldn’t make a difference. His attraction to Dean made him hyperaware of his touch. What had once been slightly ticklish with Balthazar was suddenly extremely erogenous, his wings sensing the presence of potential mate.
Charlie’s stomach lurched and she grasped at Castiel’s arm to steady herself, her head spinning for a few moments.
“I’d say it’s been fun but that’d be a lie,” Gabriel continued coolly. He didn’t wait for the man’s response before he snapped his fingers, fleeing from the scene altogether. He’d had enough playing Winchester. He’d never be one of them; he just wasn’t cut out for it. Gabriel didn’t know why he’d ever fooled himself into thinking otherwise.
Hannah didn’t look as surprised as Dean had been expecting, which made Dean wonder just how obvious he’d been this whole time.
They worked in silence for the rest of the night, Hannah occasionally glancing at him worriedly. Thankfully she didn’t bring any of her concerns to light and Castiel appreciated the space. He wasn’t sure he could decently explain his troubles without confessing the whole truth. Knowing Hannah she would likely withdraw from pursuing Dean in an attempt to please Castiel and, although the concept was extremely tempting, he couldn’t allow her to give up her chance at happiness for his sake.
Sam was determined to tell Dean the truth, but the elder Winchester had disappeared before dawn and had been MIA all morning off doing god only knows what with Hannah. Even Cas and Charlie had vanished with barely any explanation, leaving only a post-it note simply saying “Cas and I are off to Hogwarts, don’t wait up! –Charlie”. Sam would have been more worried if he hadn’t been so wracked with guilt. In fact his guilt was even worse now that he’d clearly hurt Gabriel as well.
Castiel, however, was a soldier and his wings displayed that. They were intimidatingly large with sharp angles and were made for practicality rather than appearance. They beared several scars from his fiercer battles and hadn’t been properly groomed since his rebellion. The colour was also displeasing, considering angel wings usually adopted paler colours. It didn’t help that humans considered black as an association with evil.
“Let's recap. Why exactly is Dean going on a date with this Hannah chick if his dream guy is head over heels for him?” Charlie probed. Castiel allowed his face to look crestfallen without trying to hide it this time.
So self-loathing Dean is back, I'm so sorry! I swear he'll realise he deserves love eventually! No destiel in this chapter but I hope the copious amount of Sabriel and Channah(Harlie?) made up for it :3
“Heaven’s most rebellious angel taking on a protégée. I guess you should feel honoured,” Charlie teased, ignoring her fork and picking up a strip of bacon with her fingers, “mmm god, I missed bacon.”
Dean looked at him expectantly but Sam didn’t continue. He really didn’t have the patience for whatever Sam’s problem was and Cas really didn’t have the time.
“How much longer am I supposed to keep this up?” Charlie complained into her phone from the pseudo-privacy of a public bathroom stall, “We’ve been here for almost six hours now, I’m not even sure how much more of the park there is to see. Plus turns out he knows more about Harry Potter than even
“We have to tell Dean the truth,” Sam announced getting up from his chair determinedly. Gabriel grabbed his arm, pulling him back down.
Dean’s eyes flickered to the patches of missing feathers in her wings, sympathy flooding through him.
, upon Sam’s suggestion and taken to the series quite quickly. Surprisingly, reading them firsthand had proven far more enjoyable than the recycled knowledge Metatron had given him. Perhaps reading would even prove more successful in distracting him, considering his visit to Niagara Falls had been ineffective.
“Maybe I should take the next one, let you rest up a bit,” Dean suggested casually, trying not to appear as desperate as he felt.
He looked around at the other occupants of the room expecting to find similar outrage on their faces, only to find none of them seemed to share his shock. In fact, they were being suspiciously quiet and avoiding his gaze guilty.
Dean was quickly becoming frustrated because Sam’s rambling wasn’t giving him any clues as to what he had planned and he really wasn’t in the mood to guess.
,” Dean begged, looking determined. Castiel had never felt so conflicted. Dean was offering something he could have only ever dreamed of. But it wouldn’t mean the same thing to both of them. This would be just a favour between friends to Dean, not the loving act Castiel truly wanted. And wouldn’t it be taking advantage of Dean if he agreed? Surely Dean would never suggest this sober.
It’s not like he usually got this blissed out after masturbating, hell he was pretty sure he didn’t get this cheerful even after sex. Dean just figured it was cause he hadn’t gotten laid in so long and that had been a
He could hardly believe these were the same wings he’d laid eyes on hours ago. They seemed so much larger now, Dean realised, stretching far across the room in a limp blanket of feathers. The shadows he’d seen all those years ago seemed like a poor imitation compared to the real thing now. Dean’s fingers twitched as he resisted the urge to stroke his fingers through the massive black wings.
“It’s not as interesting a story as you’d think. Michael was always looking for ways to suck up to the Big Man. So he came up with a design to increase productivity. It was a simple idea, bond a guardian angel’s grace to the soul of their charge. And viola! The angel now experienced everything their charge felt, could always tell when they’re in danger, yada yada yada. It all seemed foolproof. That is, until it was put into practise,” Gabriel shrugged.
“There's no such thing as Angel Divorce. We’re kind of traditional like that. Besides, why are you complaining? This is what you agreed to. You no longer have the mark and Cassie gets to live. Now you two can live happily ever after,” Gabriel explained with a wink.
“Well then that’s a good thing, why are you in such a bad mood?” Sam answered, pretending to seem confused.
Oblivious to Dean’s internal struggle, Cas continued on his lecture, “You will also be expected to build a nest to symbolise your unity and commitment towards each other.”
“It’s hard to say precisely but my closest guess would be another three hours with your presence or four without,” she informed him. He glanced briefly at his watch, noting it was almost 5am.
Dean’s arrival made Sam realise that he still hadn’t moved from his chair, too distracted by Gabriel’s disappearance. Springing up from his seat, he followed after Dean. If the visitor was who he thought it was, he wanted to be around to see Dean’s reaction.
His amusement faltered, however, when Dean didn’t reply. Instead he chose to collapse into the nearest chair, letting out a groan as his head dropped heavily into his hands.
“I guess I could call Sam or Cas could come get us. Dude can fly again, right?” Dean suddenly sat straight looking worried, “Shit I completely forgot. I wonder if Cas is back!”
to kill something. It wasn’t nearly as intense a need as he’d had with the mark, but he definitely craved the stress relief it would no doubt bring him. In fact, there was no better anger management cure as far as Dean was concerned.
harbouring more feelings for the angel than he was letting on. If Dean didn’t care for Cas he would have just set things straight right away, reject him on the spot. In fact, this hesitation
around here?” Dean grumbled, surfacing from his room to begrudgingly make his way up the entrance stairs.
“Then your soul would not be affected. Your soul is what rejects those acts, it does not take damage from them. A soul is only darkened if an individual feels no regret for what they’ve done. Those who are truly evil, aren’t capable of remorse,” Hannah explained.
“Even if he has, I know my brother and he might still try running from his feelings. Dean has commitment issues the size of Texas. I think we need another person on the inside to help convince them, Gabe. You know, someone already in-close and personal with both of them,” Sam hinted.
mate per lifetime? That meant Cas couldn’t even find happiness outside the marriage with someone else. He would never be able to find someone who truly deserved him. Not even Hannah would be able to take Dean’s place now. It was everything Dean had been afraid of.
Despite his anxiety at seeing Dean again, Castiel found himself eager to return. Not only had he missed Dean’s soothing presence, but the pain at their separation had been far worse than it had last time. However, as Castiel appeared in the bunker’s war room, he did not get the relief he was expecting. In fact, his grace flared agonizingly and he knew right away something wasn’t right
Sean wasn’t as muscled as Dean but he was far from scrawny. His face was clean shaven and his hair was a wild tumble of golden curls. Despite paling in comparison to Cas’s bright blue,
Sam didn’t seem quite convinced by his answer but obviously couldn’t think of any reason to argue his explanation because instead he gently smiled back.
Hannah watched in fascination as Charlie expertly prepared their breakfast. It was surprising how much effort the humans went to just for nourishment. Hannah would have found the entire process tedious if it hadn’t been for Charlie’s enthusiasm. She mixed the eggs and bacon around the pan as if it was an art form. Even Hannah had to admit she was impressed.
“How the hell did you lumpheads find me? I wasn’t even in this dimension!” Gabriel scowled, flailing his arms like a child chucking a tantrum.
he was unfortunately very accustomed to. No, it was the fact that Dean had opened up so quickly. Hell, when Sam had started this plan he’d expected most of Dean’s complaints to focus on their shared gender, but Dean hadn’t even mentioned it
Frustration and guilt ate at Dean, causing him to become restless and tense. The feelings reminded him of how he’d felt with the mark, which just soured his mood even further. He needed something to put the edge off.
“Thank you, Dean, you may have just helped me solve one of Heaven’s current greatest issues!” Hannah replied, eyes wide and enlightened. Dean had no idea what she was talking about but accepted the thanks with a confused nod anyway.
Which he would definitely need considering angel courtship traditions. Despite the fact that angels don’t procreate, courting has been a timeless and honoured tradition. An angel will only choose one mate in their lifetime, which means it can usually take millenniums before an angel chooses a mate.
Every fibre of his being told him this was a bad idea but as he looked at the rise and fall of Cas’s chest, barely even perceptible anymore, he knew they had no other choice.
No. Dean forced himself to stop the thoughts there. He couldn’t think about Cas like that, the dream had obviously just messed with his head. Unfortunately thoughts of the dream led to flashes of Cas’s lips against his and Cas’s hands lighting a fire across his skin in their wake. And he definitely couldn’t help remembering how being manhandled by Cas, knowing he was a creature that could destroy him with less than a thought, had sent chills of excitement through Dean that he’d never experienced with any human.
The emptiness Castiel feels inside his chest now is worse than when his grace was stolen. He wishes he could go back to the blissful ignorance he had before, when Dean was simply his best friend and nothing more. Now he’s afraid he won’t even be able to look at Dean without being filled with regret.
I would have stepped in and helped them if I had been there. I only left because you two turned him against me!”
In a flash Hannah rushed to their aid, meeting Dean at the bottom of the stairs and holding out her arms in a silent offer to take Castiel’s weight. Yet Dean recoiled, refusing to release his grip on Castiel, despite the obvious strain on his arms. Instead he settled for letting her help him move Castiel to the library couch they had been occupying earlier. After a moment of clear hesitation Dean stepped back, allowing Hannah to assess Castiel’s condition, but hovering closely behind to watch her work. She quickly noticed Castiel wasn’t breathing and his heart was no longer beating. Had he been human she would have written him off as deceased, however Hannah knew better. She determinedly probed his vessel in search of the one sign of life that was truly important; his grace. To her immense relief she eventually located the soft humming of grace, just barely burning inside the far reaches of his vessel.
Hannah noticed Castiel tense slightly in the driver’s seat and she wondered briefly why Dean’s enthusiasm for wings seemed to bother him. Shouldn’t he be pleased?
tell him, but it’s not my place to tell,” Charlie assured him. He visibly relaxed at the confirmation before heading towards the bar entrance determinedly. Charlie followed eagerly, excited to see Dean after so much time. The Winchesters were honestly the closest thing she had to family left and she’d really missed them.
. And to make matters worse, even after everything Dean had done to him, Cas had wasted his last moments making sure Dean knew he still loved him regardless. Admittedly Dean had been barely conscious at the time and it was entirely possible what he heard wasn’t even real, but nevertheless he couldn’t forget the way his heart had skipped a beat when he heard the words. It was one thing knowing Cas had feelings for him, but it was an entirely different matter hearing it said aloud for the first time. Although waking up to Cas’s dead body had definitely squashed any happiness the moment had brought him, leaving only panic and sorrow in its place.
Dean’s hand dropped from the mark to his balls, fondling the sensitive skin, as he neared orgasm. He chased his release wildly, legs shaking as he felt like every muscle in his body was tensing in anticipation. His body gave a violent jerk as he came, painting the shower wall with white streaks. Dean relished in the aftermath, enjoying the post-orgasm glow as he finally went through his usual shower routine.
“I’m not confused, Cas. I know what I want,” he spoke calmly, “I want you to show me. Teach me how to groom your wings.”
Dean was silent as he contemplated this. He’d never thought of it that way before. Yet it was exactly the kind of straightforward logic he needed to hear. None of this, “you’re a good person, Dean”, “everyone makes mistakes”, “it wasn’t your fault, it was the mark” crap. He didn’t want people telling him what he did was okay, because he knew it wasn’t. No amount of apologising or feeling bad about it would make that stuff go away.
Pulling himself from his reverie, Gabriel decided he’d made the hunter wait long enough. It’s not like he was going to arrive right away, after all, he wasn’t gonna look
to save you. You are all he talks about when we are not talking about work and he drops everything we’re doing, no matter the importance, the moment you call for his aid. I have grown very close to Castiel these past few months and I can say with certainty that, though I myself cannot determine whether you are worthy, I believe Castiel finds you worthy and
Castiel stood, planning to tell Hannah just that, but the action brought a dizzy spell over him and he wavered, slumping back into his seat. Hannah took a concerned step towards him.
Dean liked to think he was different than all those other sleazy dudes who regularly picked up chicks at bars. He treated it like an art form, making sure his advances were not only wanted but respectful. Because Dean really did respect the hell out of any woman who was brave enough to go home with a stranger, especially from a shady bar in the middle of nowhere. So he always tried his best to do anything he could do to ease their worries.
They soon found the couple, thankfully out of each other’s reach, occupying the booth closest to the bar. Figures, Charlie thought fondly.
“It’s an expression, look just never mind. I just wanted you to tell me… what my soul looks like,” Dean murmured uncertainly. He avoided her eyes, not wanting to see the disgust that was no doubt on her face.
Charlie was still fast asleep, her brilliant red hair splayed across the cushions wildly. Upon seeing the red head and, of course, her soul, Hannah was struck by the same fascination she’d experienced the night before. So it
A wave of emotions startled Castiel out of his meditative state. He never quite managed sleep since returning to full power, but he liked the routine of lying peacefully in bed listening to his husband’s snores beside him. At the sudden onslaught of fear, horror, guilt and grief that poured into the bond, Castiel immediately knew what was happening. It wasn’t the first time Dean had a nightmare and it certainly wouldn’t be the last.
“Look I don’t know what to tell you, Dean. There’s seriously nothing out there, it’s like every monster within a ten mile radius has decided to take the week off,” Sam insisted, dragging a frustrated hand through his long hair.
“Traditionally speaking I should be the one protecting you,” Hannah spoke for the first time. Her voice was low and slightly grumbled, suddenly Charlie completely understood Dean’s infatuation with Cas’s gruff voice.
“Castiel’s wings were healed by the bond with Dean Winchester. Even our healing abilities cannot restore our wings. It takes incredibly powerful healing magic to restore an angel’s wings. They are the representation of our grace. It is why I am so weak, why I can taste food and be influenced by alcohol,” Hannah explained.
,” Dean clarified carefully, but Cas only looked even more confused and he began to feel a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“Cas? Good you’re back, there’s something I need to tell-” Sam began as he entered the room but upon seeing the pained expression on the angel’s face he froze, “woah are you okay?”
It’s not like Dean hated Hannah or anything, he actually kind of respected her. She was obviously really dedicated to helping Cas and that made her good in Dean’s books. But the problem was she was
“Humans helping angels… ” she repeated thoughtfully. Something in the concept must have struck a chord because, after a few moments of contemplation, she jumped to her feet determinedly. The sudden movement startled Dean into further alertness, chasing away any lingering drowsiness from his system.
Not that Castiel wasn’t happy to see her, but he couldn’t hold back his disappointment at Dean’s absence. He had been
“You all should be ashamed of yourselves,” Cas reprimanded, “you should know better than to play with others’ emotions. Dean, I should make this clear. The bond was merely a union of our souls. It was in no way a romantic ceremony. This does not influence how I feel about you, but I would understand if it does for you. I’m sorry Gabriel made you feel like you were forced to reciprocate my feelings.”
“Guess again, Crowley, the mark’s gone. I just killed your man because business was slow, nothing personal honest,” Dean chuckled darkly.
He caught Sam looking at him inquiringly and knew he must’ve been caught scowling at the two. He tried to school his expression, knowing their actions were invisible to Sam and he would only see Hannah and Cas talking to each other with a few paces between them. It suddenly made Dean wonder how often Cas had been doing stuff like this with his wings, right under their noses.
“Angels don’t need to sleep,” he said firmly, forcing himself to stand once more. This was a huge mistake, however, as the action caused his vision to spin and this time instead of falling back to his seat he tilted forwards. The last thing he saw was the ground rushing up towards him before everything went black.
“Sounds fine with me. It’s not like she’s gonna need a room anyway since she doesn’t sleep. Just no wild angel parties,” Dean warned her, attempting to hide his annoyance with humour. Hannah obviously didn’t get the joke because she just squinted at him in that universal confused angel way.
“Oh yeah, there might have been some small details I forgot to mention about the bond,” Gabriel teased.
He realised quickly the source as he examined the bond’s now open link. These feelings were coming from Dean. But they weren’t just emotions, like he’d previously experienced, this time he could sense every sensation the human was feeling. Castiel held back another groan as the onslaught of arousal and pleasure continued.
Groggily Dean opened his eyes to find himself kneeling beside his bed, rather than laying on it like he expected. His room was dark and he was surprised to find he wasn’t sore from sleeping in that position at all. In fact, he felt better than he had in months. Stumbling to his feet he crawled onto his bed, intending to sleep for a few more hours. His plans were abruptly forgotten, however, when his hand landed on something large and bony that was
Sean hadn’t noticed yet, or if he had he hadn’t mentioned it. Instead the other man was trailing kisses down his neck, taking a moment to nibble at his earlobe. Dean’s head lolled back, allowing more skin for Sean to explore, closing his eyes to enjoy the pleasant sensation. Sean was very good with his mouth and usually Dean would have been thrilled to find such a skilled lover. But despite this, Dean still wasn’t hard.
A tentative knock on the door startled him into looking up from the book currently curled in his lap. Sam was standing in the doorway cradling a cup of coffee, which he then offered to Dean who accepted the beverage gratefully. Neither of them had slept since Cas arrived, not that Dean thought he could have even if he wanted to. Hannah had dutifully helped translate the Enochian book before apologetically taking her leave. Their mission was too important to abandon, she had explained before driving away in Cas’s Continental. Dean almost protested when she’d taken the car, but he decided it was probably for the best. If Cas survived this he would likely join Hannah in their mission again anyway. Dean deliberately ignored the disappointment that this particular thought brought him, forcing his attention back to his brother instead.
Hannah seemed to contemplate this carefully before replying, “That seems to be the most likely explanation. In that case, he must remain here until the healing process is complete.”
man, I just need some fresh air. And I haven’t touched Baby in two whole months. You haven’t let me go to any bars either, so I can’t even get laid. This is cruel and unusual punishment,” Dean complained, giving him a childish pout.
“So this is the last one?” Gabriel stated, sounding bored. He was ready to get this over with. His debt to Hannah was almost over. He was sick of being surrounded by love birds all day. Sure the amount of angels falling for their bonded humans was far less than it had been during the age of Nephilim, but there were still enough cases to get under Gabriel’s skin. It didn’t help that Hannah and Castiel, the head honchos of Heaven right now, were both completely head over heels for their humans. Gabriel just wanted to get as far away from this shitty dimension as possible. Maybe he’d come back in a few centuries, who knows.
Hannah shook her head, “It’s not that. It’s my wings, they were damaged in the fall. We angels cannot fly anymore.”
Dean woke up cradled in Cas’s arms, his wings curled around them. Dean had never felt so comfortable in his life. He was tempted to fall back to sleep, it would be so easy, but promptly decided against it as he felt Cas begin trailing gentle kisses along his neck.
“Hey now, leave the moose alone. It was just a little bit of fun and we barely did anything. It’s not our fault those two are naturally self-destructive,” Gabriel challenged defensively.
“I shouldn’t have said that. I know you were only doing what needed to be done. I shouldn’t have blown up like that. I just…” Dean paused, scrabbling for words, “I mean, we hadn’t seen each other in
“Seriously?” Sam complained and Dean felt some relief that he wasn’t the only one freaking out until he continued, “This means I’m the only one in the room who can’t see wings now. That’s so unfair.”
Castiel froze in the doorway, startled to find the very person he’d been attempting to avoid. Of all the places in the bunker Castiel had thought the library would be the safest, yet here Dean was and he was with
At that particular thought, an idea struck Castiel and he allowed a mischievous grin to spread across his face. Pulling Dean in for a passionate kiss, Castiel managed to distract the hunter enough that his next move caught the hunter entirely by surprise. As his right hand closed over the raised red flesh of the scar on Dean’s left shoulder, Castiel felt the man jolt against him in shock as the bond was blown wide open. Castiel could suddenly feel himself being filled by his own cock, while Dean continued to tighten around him. The hunter’s movements became jerky as he adjusted to the conflicting sensations. He didn’t know whether to push his hips forward or back, both options sending sparks of pleasure through him. There was no way either of them were going to last very long like this and they both knew it. There was no longer a clear line between their pleasures, losing track of where each even belonged. They gripped at each other, hips stuttering chaotically as they pursued the other’s orgasm as urgently as their own.  When they climaxed they felt it as one, neither one truly knowing whose original orgasm triggered the other to fall over the edge with them, nor did they care.
interested in it, but he found it endearing somehow. Unfortunately he still couldn’t allow her to come between Dean and Hannah, it wasn’t right. They both deserved to find love. He wouldn’t deny Hannah the chance even if Dean
Dean didn’t even bother answering before shoving Ruby’s knife through the smug bastard’s neck. The look of surprise on his face was priceless, Dean mused. That’s the problem with demons, they’re too chatty. Always wanting to give their little monologue speech before they kill you. Too bad for him, Dean didn’t have the patience for that shit today. Yet even as Dean watched its eyes flash and fizzle out, signifying the demon’s demise, he didn’t feel satisfied. Actually, he felt worse than he had before. Empty.
“I was just suggesting to Hannah that she should stay here at the bunker while we locate Gabriel. There is plenty of lore here that we could benefit from in our search. I am certain Heaven has no immediate concerns that our subordinates couldn’t handle in our absence. Don’t you agree?” Castiel explained, grinning at Dean expectantly.
That only confused Castiel even more and he stared at her like she was speaking another language. But, of course, he was fluent in every language in the world so he knew that couldn’t be it.
Dean was silent for a long time as he deliberated. Castiel knew that some nightmares were too hard to talk about and he respected when Dean refused to discuss them. It was his duty to comfort his husband, not interrogate him. As much as he wished he could purge all the horrible memories from his human’s mind, Castiel knew that the trauma ran too deep.
Dean immediately stopped cooking, switching off the stove so the batter wouldn’t burn, turning around to cradle Cas’s face in his hands.
to remove his shirt but it would make the job easier. When he looked up he found Dean staring at him and for the second time that night he wished he had access to the bond. The buzz was duller now, but it still obscured Dean’s emotions. Castiel couldn’t decipher what his lingering gaze meant. Was he disgusted? Fascinated? Surprised? Having second thoughts?
Yet he couldn’t just allow Dean to die in front of him. He needed to replenish his grace somehow… that was it! He could tap into Dean’s soul directly and drain just enough power to heal him. But, of course, he ran the risk of extinguishing Dean’s soul completely in the process. His soul was already so dim, the light was fading before Castiel’s eyes. He didn’t have time to second guess himself, he needed to make a decision
“Extremely,” Hannah reassured her, “I have never eaten before, but I must admit it was much more pleasant than I’d imagined.”
“Not doing anything is just as bad in this situation. You let Cas think his feelings were unrequited and even
“Isn’t it a bit early to be marrying someone you only met a few days ago? Charlie, did you even know angel marriage is
Sam sighed and then looked reserved, “Okay, okay. Look you’re really not going to like it but it may be Cas’s only chance and I swear we can trust him. I mean, I
“She used to work for an old enemy of mine before the fall. Heartless corporates, the lot of them. They did some really messed up stuff to their own kind, their brothers and sisters. Whether she was personally involved or not I don’t really care. She’s guilty by default, they all are,” Gabriel scowled, it was the most serious he’d looked in a long time. Sam almost regretted asking.
“It’s no big deal, really. Seriously, I don’t mind,” Dean told him, trying to appear indifferent. Meanwhile it took everything he had not to reach out and drag his fingers through the alluring feathers. He thought it was hard not touching them before, but now that he knew what they felt like it was almost torture. Maybe he should ask about grooming Cas’s feathers, it
Dean cut off his rambling, obviously thinking he’d said too much. Cas couldn’t help feeling like Dean had been about to say something important, but he knew Dean’s emotions were telling him not to press the matter.
hope for his brother and Cas’s happiness. It also meant their crazy scheme didn’t seem so ‘crazy’ anymore. Dean might even thank them one day. That is, if they ever managed to pull this off. Getting those two together was proving more difficult than he’d first thought.
Her words were deliberately vague, likely due to Dean’s presence in the room, but Charlie had no doubts as to what she was referring to. Her heart began to pound at the reminder of their earlier conversation and she fought to keep her voice normal.
“Maybe being separated from Dean’s soul meant he couldn’t heal properly?” Sam suggested tentatively.
nice to him too. He’d practically been bending over backwards trying to make the man happy those past few days. Not that he didn’t have ulterior motives.
He gestured to Hannah, who’d been unusually quiet during their welcoming. Charlie finally let her gaze drift towards the other women, surprised to find her already staring.
Cas smirked at Dean fondly before making his way to the table, “Thank you, Dean. I think I will, actually. It appears my vessel has begun craving sustenance in my weakened state.”
Sam couldn’t help but feel a little jealous as he looked at the couples surrounding him. They were all hanging out in the library watching Game of Thrones. As soon as Charlie heard Cas had been reading the books, she demanded they have a marathon the next time they all got together. It had taken a few weeks but finally everything in Heaven had settled down enough for the angels to take a break. Cas and Dean were curled up on one side of the large couch, while Hannah and Charlie were cuddled up on the other. Sam was stuck as the fifth wheel being the only single person in the bunker. Speaking of which…
Not only was he intoxicated, but he didn’t understand what wing grooming really represented. Castiel had only ever had his wings groomed by Balthazar and that had been completely platonic, a comfort between dear friends. After Balthazar’s death, Castiel had never felt as close to any of his other siblings, grooming his own wings despite the difficulty. Despite Dean being Castiel’s closest and dearest friend, his feelings towards Dean meant it wouldn’t be the same as it had been with Balthazar. It would feel much more intimate, even if Dean didn’t reciprocate his feelings.
“Then we need to cut right to the finish line! Dean-o can’t run if he’s already caught in the net,” Gabriel informed looking smug, “Sammy, I may have an idea.”
“It was. How was I supposed to know giving someone a feather was angel code for ‘please date me’? Couldn’t you just ask me on a fricking date like a normal person? No. Instead you give me no warning and then up and leave. I had to get Hannah to fly me all the way up here because you won’t even answer my prayers.”
I would also like to personally apologise to CopaceticBrainBox, the smut ended up being next chapter. Sorry I got your hopes up D:
Castiel didn’t want to explain why the words hurt him so much. Instead he forced himself to repeat them, “I assure you it’s the truth. Dean is on a date with another angel actually, my good friend Hannah.”
Embarrassment flared through the bond and Dean avoided meeting his eyes. Before Dean could stand, Cas found himself reaching for the hunter, clutching at his sleeve.
“I just arrived, but I could leave if you wish to be alone?” Castiel offered, already turning to leave. He didn’t want to witness any more, watching Dean court Hannah was even more painful than he’d imagined.
Oh, who was he kidding? Cas was gonna freak. He was going to lose the best friend he’d ever had just because he’d been stupid enough to trust a Trickster. Dean knew there was no way Cas would be able to forgive him. He’d forced the guy into a commitment that he’d probably have to honour for the rest of his life. Or the rest of Dean’s life, he supposed. Oh god, what if this lasted even
“Hannah, can I get your advice on something?” Dean asked, trying not to sound as unhinged as he felt.
It was for this exact reason he’d been avoiding mentioning the marriage altogether. Sure he knew Cas was bound to bring it up eventually, they really
“That'll have to be enough,” he declared, grabbing his coat and keys, “come on, Hannah, we’re going for a drive.”
Dean woke to the familiar feeling of being tied to a chair, he didn’t even need to open his eyes to know it was true. How many times had this happened to him now? God, it was becoming a friggin’ pass-time. He tested the ropes around his wrists, they were strong and obviously tied by a professional. There was no way he’d be wriggling out of them. He’d need something sharp. But he could already tell they’d stripped him of all his weapons, even the small blade hidden in his boot.
He should have paid more attention to his grace’s agitation earlier, but the connection had been stifled with distance. Now that he had returned to Earth the feeling was hitting him with full crippling force. His grace was flaring with distress, it was in outright panic.
“I don’t need to bond with anyone. My wings never suffered damage from the fall and I’m the most powerful angel left on
Dean couldn’t help the hysterical laughter that escaped him as an intense relief flooded through him. It was finally over, no more bloodlust, no more fear of turning into a demon again. He was human, he was just Dean.
“You need to get some rest, man. Just forget about all this for now, get some shut eye,” Sam instructed him firmly.
“He did? That’s great news!” Sam began eagerly before catching Dean’s glare and adopted a less cheerful tone, “Right, my bad. How’d he take the whole ‘bond’ thing?”
“Look, Dean, he was dying. He’ll understand that you did it to save him,” Sam reassured him, “just don’t discredit the marriage in front of him, okay? You don’t want to offend him, do you? Maybe it won’t be so bad. It’s an
Sam stayed silent for a moment, waiting to see if there was more. When it was clear the archangel wasn’t going to continue he spoke, “Well that explains why Dean was in such a foul mood this morning. I swear every step they take towards each other, the other takes two steps back. They’re literally the
Charlie raised an eyebrow at Castiel, who appeared just as surprised by Dean’s choice. He’d chosen Castiel, even though Charlie no doubt had more experience driving and he hadn’t even complained about letting an ‘amateur’ drive Baby.
“They don’t have a physical presence, Dean. I don’t think they’ll hinder your progress,” Cas defended and what he said was true. The wings passed right through the cooking utensils and his arms as he worked, so they weren’t actually in the way per se, but it was definitely messing with his concentration. Especially since he could still feel the feathers physically, which made his arms being able to pass through them super disconcerting.
Castiel finally found the ability to move again, cutting off Dean’s excuses with a desperate kiss. Dean froze underneath him in surprise before melting into the kiss willingly. Castiel kissed him like he was starving for it, trying to convey years’ worth of devotion into the action. He tenderly cradled the hunter’s face, appreciating the feeling of Dean’s stubble again his fingers, as Dean’s hands tangled themselves in his hair. Castiel pressed against Dean hungrily, trying to get as close to the other as possible, while simultaneously backing him towards the bed.
Turning away from the empty doorway, Castiel forced himself to meet Dean’s gaze preparing himself for the worst. But as cautious blue eyes found green, Castiel was met by trepidation not anger.
The demon twisted around in shock at the sound of his entrance, but Castiel didn’t give her time to process his arrival before he grabbed the bitch by the throat. She gave a choked cry of surprise but Castiel cut her off with the addition of his angel blade to her throat. He dropped her lifeless body to the ground feeling distinctly unsatisfied, she hadn’t suffered nearly enough for his taste.
Dean almost cursed himself as his mind decided to remind him of a certain ex-angel who had shared those same sentiments all those months ago. Great and
“You son of a bitch! How could you just sit back and let Dean get tortured like that? I know you’re upset, but I honestly didn’t think you were so petty that you’d risk Dean’s life in some sick attempt at punishing me. And you didn’t even step in after Cas almost
“Yes, Sam. I understand,” Castiel replied quickly, “if you could excuse me, I have something that needs my attention.”
“Dean spends far too much time worrying about others when he should be worrying about himself,” Castiel noted, his mind wandering to the Mark of Cain.
watching over him… well they’d probably have smited him already for what he’d just done thinking about their brother. But even that incredibly creepy thought couldn’t bring down Dean’s good mood.
He lost himself in his music, singing along to every song since he knew them all by heart, which helped to soothe his anger. But once his anger was gone all that was left in its place was regret. The music had helped to distract him for only so long, and with no other means of distraction available, Dean was forced to face the reality of what he’d just done.
Castiel had wished to avoid this situation entirely, the last thing he wanted to do was become a burden. The Winchester brothers had enough to deal with without throwing his problems into the mix.
to be researching anything you can find on removing the Mark of Cain. We literally live in the world’s most extensive supernatural lore archive. If there’s a chance of curing you it has to be here somewhere,” Sam assured him.
“Don’t be such a downer, Sam. This will work, trust me. Manipulating people is what I do,” Gabriel assured him. Sam wasn’t convinced at all but before he could argue more there came a persistent banging at the bunker door.
“Crowley happened,” was Dean’s only explanation. He refused to tear his eyes away from Castiel for even a second. Charlie and Sam shared a concerned look behind his back.
Castiel was alarmed by the sudden anger flaring through him, but it brought forth an important question.
needs?” Dean smirked, dragging a hand through Cas’s feathers. Cas’s wings visibly shuddered at the attention but his face remained remarkably composed.
The bunker was empty when he returned, it appeared Sam had taken the opportunity to venture into town also. The silence was deafening compared to the roaring of the waterfall he’d just departed, which only seemed to emphasise Castiel’s loneliness.
But somehow, this felt even better. He felt completely safe; as if his grace was totally at peace. Was this death? Had he finally succumbed to his failing grace? No, there was no after life for his kind. Surely purgatory would be his final resting place and this certainly wasn’t there.
“If you must,” Hannah shrugged. She gestured toward the seat beside her and Dean hesitantly accepted.
Cas was silent as he stared at Dean, complete disbelief covering his features before becoming quickly replaced with outrage.
had been too much to bear. It was downright cruel. How was he supposed to be happy for them if he was forced to see them together all the time?
“I’m not sure if you’re aware, Dean, but there are certain procedures you must follow if you wish to court an angel. Certain responsibilities you must fulfil in order to please your mate,” Castiel explained hesitantly.
Dean found himself humming the chorus of ‘Hey Jude’ as he made his way towards the kitchen. It was a deep-rooted habit that only occurred when he was in the best of moods. He assumed it was probably because the song was a direct link to one of the only times in his life that he’d been truly happy. A time when his Mother would lull him to sleep with sweet singing and promises that angels watched over him.
Let alone one she had only just met. Was it the fall? Was her weakened grace causing her to become vulnerable to human emotions? Or was it Castiel’s situation with the Winchester influencing her to pursue a similar path?
“Geez Hannah, your social skills are even worse when you’re drunk. What happened to fun Hannah? Don’t tell me you’re sobering up already!” Dean whined, “I’ll get us another round.”
Gabriel grinned, obviously smug, “I really don’t think you’re quite grasping this whole “archangel” thing, Rapunzel.”
Mainly because Dean hadn’t even questioned it, being with Cas had felt like the easiest thing in the world. He was sure that the dream had been travelling down a
“Dean, grooming an angel’s wings is a very intimate act. I don’t think you understand what you’re asking for,” Castiel spoke softly. His throat felt tight, making it hard to speak.
“Hey your company isn’t so bad, we might even have some fun tonight if you loosen up a little,” Dean challenged, handing her a menu, “starting with a few drinks, on me. Consider it a thank you for helping me.”
Warning: Spoilers for Season 15 episode 18. Full disclosure I haven't actually seen the episode yet, just the one clip on tumblr.
Yet even knowing this, Castiel still longed to say yes. When would he ever have this chance again? Even to have Dean touch his wings just one more time would be wonderful. His skin still tingled in excitement from the last time. And it
“So is watching people while they sleep an angel thing or are you and Cas just a pair of creepers?” Charlie croaked sleepily, rubbing her eyes as she blinked up at the angel. Hannah quickly broke her staring, forcing her gaze upon a stack of books across the library.
The man sounded out of breath and oddly stressed. As Sam warily made his way towards the war room, unsure what he was going to find, he decided now probably wasn’t the best time to come clean to Dean. Later, he promised himself firmly, he would
Before Castiel could even begin describing where Dean would find them, Dean’s hands moved expertly finding one of his uropygial glands hidden within the feathers.
But nothing Castiel could do would close the link, somehow the bond had been intensified leaving him powerless to stop the seemingly endless onslaught of pleasure. His breathing had grown ragged, his heart pounding in his head. Castiel noticed his body had responded to the stimuli, pants becoming uncomfortably tight.
Dean flashed a relieved grin and continued his goodbyes. Finally, before he left the room Dean locked eyes with Hannah meaningfully, “We’ll, uh, talk more tomorrow okay, Hannah? I still have some
But before he knew it, hours had gone by and he continued trailing his fingers through the soft locks. It wasn’t until Cas stirred that he knew he’d been busted. Dammit, he knew this would happen! Cas would no doubt be so creeped out he’d never want to talk to him again. Or worse, he’d consider Dean’s actions acceptance of their marriage and Dean would be forced to break Cas’s heart.
“In case you want to continue the “family legacy” and start writing a bunch of research journals like the old farts who used to run this place. I’ll even help you enhance your angel knowledge collection, I noticed it was a bit lacking in Castiel’s time of need. Plus it couldn’t hurt to spread the angel wisdom while I’m here and I
It suddenly made sense. Dean wanted to learn how to groom wings so he didn’t disappoint Hannah. Castiel’s heart dropped in disappointment but he tried to maintain a poker-face, he couldn’t let Dean see his pain.
In fact, the ache in his grace had recently become a painful throbbing he could no longer ignore. He knew he would need to return to the bunker soon. He supposed he had postponed the inevitable long enough. Perhaps he’d be able to avoid Dean within the bunker itself, it was certainly big enough. Well he’d be able to avoid him for a few days at least.
Charlie’s soul was so bright, it was distracting. Hannah had never encountered a soul so beautiful. She had noticed the soul from the moment Charlie had entered the bar, the human in its possession almost as lovely as her soul with bright red hair standing vibrant against creamy pale skin. Hannah was mesmerised. She couldn’t recall ever reacting to a human soul this way before, it was slightly alarming.
“Boyfriend? Is that a human term? I wasn’t aware we’d reached a level of friendship,” Hannah confessed. Charlie paused, looking at her strangely before bursting into laughter.
Settling in the chair beside him, Cas tore a piece of pancake from Dean’s without bothering to get a plate of his own. The action was so domestic, Dean could almost imagine they really
The two were so caught up in their interaction that they hadn’t even noticed his arrival. Dean gaped at Hannah, stunned by overwhelming gratitude, as if she’d offered him the last piece of pie on earth. Relief, happiness, acceptance, admiration, fondness and, most of all, hope also flooded through the bond. Castiel knew he should leave but, just as the thought occurred to him, Dean suddenly pulled Hannah into an embrace making moving seem impossible to him now. He found he couldn’t tear his eyes away from the scene before him, vision too clouded by dismay to notice Hannah’s discomfort towards the action.
“Can we please just go home already? I don’t want to spend the entire night stuck in this bar,” Sam complained but Gabe immediately shushed him.
Which was actually really starting to bite him in the ass, Dean realised later as Cas interrupted his “angel hug” with Hannah to flash him a curious glance. Which pretty much confirmed, much to Dean’s dismay, that yes the angel
“Sean,” Sean replied smoothly, raking his eyes over Dean appreciatively. Dean took that as permission to do some ogling of his own.
Castiel placed Dean on his bed gently, removing his shoes so that he wouldn’t be uncomfortable. But as he made to leave the room, Dean grabbed his arm in protest.
Dean’s cries turned to whimpers as he leaned into Castiel’s touch and he found himself cradling Dean’s head against his chest. In any other circumstance he would have rejoiced at the tender contact, but in that moment Castiel’s focus lay entirely in his task.
“Dean, sweetheart, wake up,” Castiel whispered in a gentle voice, knowing better than to attempt shaking the hunter awake. It took a few more attempts but eventually Dean was roused from his slumber. There were tears gathering at the corners of Dean’s eyes as he blinked groggily up at him.
Then, before Castiel even had time to process what happened, Dean had run off leaving him to worry over the events alone. All the while, Dean’s emotions continued to swirl around his head like a physical reminder of their dispute; the emotions so chaotic and disjointed that Castiel couldn’t even
“No need, Clarissa. I want him to be fully conscious for our conversation,” Crowley spoke calmly, looking him firmly in the eye, “I’m only going to make this offer once, Dean, so listen well. You can come back and work for me, or you can die here and I send a bunch of my finest after that dear brother of yours. Those are your options.”
“First, you will be expected to groom your mate’s wings as a sign of intimacy and trust,” Cas continued warily, looking like an uncomfortable parent giving their child ‘the talk.’
idea to hire me as Heaven’s official secretary,” Charlie piped up, looking at Hannah proudly. “Without me all of Heaven’s files would still be paper. Everything is much more efficient digital and Heaven was
It was dark by the time Charlie finally announced their day together was to come to an end. Castiel couldn’t help but feel relieved, not that he hadn’t enjoyed their day together. In fact he’d actually found himself almost forgetting about his issues with Dean entirely, the distraction of the amusement park far more effective than he’d ever have imagined. But the day had also been somewhat overwhelming, whether from an overload of new experiences or exhaustion due to separation from Dean’s soul he wasn’t certain. The flight back to the bunker only exhausted him further and he was greatly considering attempting to get some rest in one of the spare bedrooms. Even though his body didn’t technically
Dean hesitated in the doorway, glancing between Castiel and Hannah nervously. Castiel felt Dean’s reluctance to leave and wondered whether he should suggest Hannah leave with him.
“Dean, what happened?” Castiel croaked, his voice even rougher than usual. He began to sit up before Dean put a hand on his shoulder, gently pushing him back down.
“What? Goddammit, why is no one ever straightforward around here?” Dean barked, looking even more annoyed.
He was apparently in the bunker, more specifically Dean’s room, laying in what appeared to be Dean’s bed. Although he had no memory of how he’d gotten there. In fact, the last thing he remembered was being on the road with Hannah. She had insisted on driving as Castiel’s condition was getting worse and he was becoming a danger to both of them behind the wheel. They had been heading toward Topeka, Castiel recalls, before his memory drew a blank.
Dean lifted his head then, as if noticing Sam’s presence for the first time. Dean scoffed but his only reply was another large gulp of beer.
Hannah didn’t seem convinced at all, “I think you should rest. The circles under your eyes have grown considerably darker, I believe you are extremely sleep deprived,” Hannah informed him worriedly.
In truth, Castiel was far more relieved that the bond had healed the mark than saved his life. Castiel had accepted his fate, believed his death was penance for all the crimes he had committed. But Dean didn’t deserve the terrible fate that the Mark of Cain would surely have brought him. If his grace was to thank for its absence, then Castiel was grateful that at least one good thing had been accomplished from his continued existence.
“Oh I am quite sure you will. However I do not require a favour from you, Sam Winchester. What I ask in return is Gabriel’s assistance in Heaven,” Hannah informed him calmly.
“Relax, princess. I thought you’d be glad to see me after all that calling before,” Gabriel jeered, “no offense, but I’m not really into the desperate ones.”
“Wait, Charlie,” Hannah said suddenly, just as she was about to press the ‘hang up’ button. She froze, catching the subtle change in Hannah’s tone.
Cas who was probably still very new to the idea of washing himself. Dean couldn’t help imagining Cas purposefully sliding his hands across his naked body, taking the task as seriously as he would any angel mission. He’d probably take his time too, making sure to lather the soap across every surface thoroughly. Maybe even hesitating slightly before tentatively trailing a hand down his stomach towards-
