It was then, in that limbo between staying or running away that John made his own decision.
Unexpectedly Jack scoffed.
He cleared his throat, strangely embarrassed to have been discovered on the phone with Sherlock and drank the last sip of tea from his mug.
-Mh... I wouldn't be so sure-answered the detective skeptical.
"And did they succeed?" asked the doctor, already knowing the answer.
-The first time I was a kid, I was 15 years old and like everyone I believed that I had found the love of my life and that we would be together forever.
But you're here and, as you said so eloquently, we're Sherlock and John" he said as if those few words were enough to explain his presence there.
Greg partially turned to the desk and waited.
-You're talking about Jack, aren't you? - asked once again Molly.
Greg sighed.
-Well, I’m sorry to disappoint you, but gratitude is John's last feeling toward you-commented Greg.
-I always get the soldier and the blogger charm... I'd never seen you in all your appeal as a doctor-comment Sherlock happy to hear John giggle for his words-You're really caring with that girl...-he added.
His name is Hamish- added.
Why a man so charming is still single? -John asked.
Sherlock chuckled.
Taking that extra step, achieving that intimacy that everyone believed was obvious would have meant the point of no return for the detective.
Sherlock looked down at the girl's belly and noticed a slight bulge, hidden by the blankets.
Now that his task was over, he couldn't  wait to get out of there: the adrenaline rush he always felt on those occasions was short-lived, making him realize that his presence at the crime scenes was wrong, that he was clearly out of place surrounded by police and forensic officers.
The muffled sensation that seemed to have enveloped John disappeared instantly, and the doctor moved toward the table, spotting a small envelope at the bottom of the box.
When Hamish was relaxed and in clean clothes, Molly showed him how to prepare the bottle, the exact doses of milk powder and water, how to check the actual temperature of the drink on his wrist to prevent the baby from starting to scream out loud because of too hot milk.
-I can't give you any case, you know Sherlock!
John.
Love, Eva
He closed the door behind him and dropped the military bag next to his desk before throwing himself face down on the bed.
Not even Irene had managed to provoke those reactions, he thought proud and satisfied with himself.
-I was just talking about the case! -he said though clenched teeth.
She's going to need you... I mean, Sherlock is a genius, but even he won't be able to do much when he finds himself in front of a teenage girl with love problems- John said to her with a smile.
-Mh mh...-John merely answered, his eyes closed and his body abandoned against Sherlock.
A honk behind him pulled him from his thoughts and forced him to move, making him decide at the same time.
"Do you have time for a cup of tea?" John asked, unable to forget good manners even in that situation.
-Are you still telling yourself this lie? - he asked.
"Bullshit!" retorted John, raising his voice, turning around to meet the man's gaze.
The detective shook his head, before hinting a smile.
It's getting stronger and stronger
"Come on, don’t be a child!" -commented Mycroft- Everyone has a price, you just have to tell me yours-encouraged him again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, obviously annoyed that in that situation what caught John's attention was his name.
"No, but I'm convinced you're going to tell me anyway" he replied.
If there was one thing John hadn't accounted for when he suggested that trip, it was Sherlock's secret passion for animals; in all the years of their friendship there had been nothing that could make him guess that the detective had a real love for animals, insects and reptiles included of course.
"I know this area" said the doctor once he got out of the cab, "I once went with Harry to Vivienne Westwood's shop" he added, looking around for the aforementioned store.
One look and John wouldn't step out of their apartment...
At that sight the detective could not hold back the hint of a smile in return, before pulling the child against his chest, placing him better in his arms.
Unfortunately, like many teenagers before him, John had also been caught by his parents.
"It's really smart" the detective said, unable to find a better adjective.
Why couldn't he forgive him so they could resume their lives from where they had abruptly interrupted them two days earlier?
"You promise me that you will take care of her?" she asked, with a mature voice that contradicted her young age.
-Then why didn't the same thing happen with the dinosaurs? - she asked again, beginning to descend the stairs alongside Sherlock.
-We were friends.
Since that dinner with Micheals, Lestrade and Donovan had been six days old and, in the meantime, Sherlock had wondered about the new relationships John had forged in his absence.
Both wore jeans and a light jacket, clearly easy to open.
John took a new sip from his glass and then filled both glasses again, before beginning to talk.
"Do you need a hand?" he asked her in a warm tone.
In the very distant future, John thought.
-My roommate and I hunt down criminals, only the interesting ones though, collaborating with Scotland Yard, running around the streets of London and risking our lives while I try at the same time to keep us safe and alive-summed up the blonde.
For a few moments he stared at the black stone in front of him, before taking a long deep breath: he had come here because he needed to talk to his mother, to tell her what was going on in his life, he could not hold back now that came the most difficult part of the story.
Greg thought, going back with his mind to those college classmates who were happy with some "action" as long as their girlfriend didn't know.
"Every Wednesday he meets with his friends from the "Chess Circle" and they have dinner together afterwards" Harry said, pouring hot water into the cups.
"Are you sure you took me to the right address?" asked Sherlock again.
The man shrugged.
Moving almost as fast, Sherlock passed the couch and climbed on to the table in front of it to regain the lost meters and arrive at the door at the same time as John.
The detective pulled him on top of himself until their lips collide together again, in a kiss ruled mainly by their tongues and teeth.
-Sort of…- he simply said.
It was the sound of voices coming from the drawing-room that woke Sherlock up.
But in recent months, when it became apparent that his "mission"was concluding, he had adopted the only name besides his own that had meaning for him.
-I'm his doctor, it's my job-protested John.
Those words led the inspector to stand up suddenly, unable to give a name to the annoying and scary feeling that was quickly taking hold of him.
What would happen if John would forgive Sherlock, if he agreed to raise Hamish with him and maybe after two, five or ten years, Irene will reappear in their lives, taking Hamish back?
Suddenly he re-emerged from his Mind Palace, walked to the door, turned off the general switches and left the room, moving quickly down the corridors until he found himself back in the streets.
Since that day things have been slowly improving, although there are still dark days...-comment the woman.
"So many things happened last night, should we discuss them all?"asked the man, and for a moment John could not figure out if it was a serious question or if Sherlock was making fun of him.
"Did you sleep well?" asked the elderly man, the slightly grass-stained clothes that revealed his work in the garden.
Such a choice would only cause more damage now, he thought quickly discarding that idea.
"Don't you imagine?" asked Sherlock, his clenched fists sunk into the pockets of his pants.
-Of course you are! But you're charming only with me... Or when you're questioning one of your suspects-answered John.
- Breath Dr. Watson.
John sighed, reflecting on her question.
Sherlock smiled back at her, enjoying her praise as he always did.
Even later, after analyzing the situation calmly and rationally, Gregory Lestrade would have been unable to understand if what had surprised him the most was the child peacefully asleep in his boyfriend’s arms or Mycroft, perfectly comfortable with a little baby in his arms.
So many times, watching Sherlock at work at a crime scene he had found himself wondering if Yard officers would notice a hickey left in the right spot, just hidden by the collar of his coat.
-It would be a different experience. At least I'd sleep on a real bed for a night-Daniel remarked.
John had not returned to his restaurant since The Fall, but it had been reported that Angelo continued to reserve the table next to the window for Sherlock, as a sign of esteem and affection.
Sherlock’s hips went up to meet John's hand, chasing that fine line of pleasure that was clear in front of him but which kept escaping him, until John crooked his finger inside him, making him arch his back, lifting it almost completely from the bed, casting a howl of pleasure.
He read it in the strained muscles of his back, in the sluggishness of his movements and above all he understood it by the stubborn way in which John refused to meet his gaze, or even just to acknowledge his presence.
"No one ever found out... " he answered, regardless of the husky tone of his voice, his fingers finally clasped around the bottle.
"Doesn't he always do that?" she asked, the serene smile still on her lips.
-Ah... Yeah, quite right- commented making the doctor chuckle. - Listen, I don't need big declarations of love, mainly because they are not my style, but also because I can clearly read your feelings on your face, I see it in your gestures...- he added.
-Are you kidding me? I've been waiting for this moment for years; I want to be in the front row...- Sally said with a wry smile.
The perfect companion to spend an evening without complications.
In the moment it took the detective to tighten his fingers around the handle, his fingertips grazed the back of the doctor's hand, releasing a slight electric shock that led John to quickly withdraw his hand.
"Will you ever be?" asked Sherlock.
Neither of them had addressed the subject, almost certainly to avoid the embarrassment that would ensue, continuing their lives as usual, but without the heavy atmosphere that had been felt in the apartment since the detective's return.
He was distant, lost in his own thoughts, but I always thought there was a completely different man behind the barrier, so I kept trying until I got results.
Also, I asked Greg to do a check to make sure he wasn’t bullshitting me- Sally added.
We both know that you were thinking of adopting the baby even before the last ultrasound, and I have already expressed then the reasons that led you to consider that option and frankly I would like to avoid repeating them again-Sherlock said to him without malice.
-The only way?
That morning, Mycroft was in the office in his apartment despite the sun still raising   up, trying to catch up with work and make up for the delay that a day with his mother had provoked.
Sherlock's eyes, focused on his face, hid a constantly moving universe behind the transparent irides, and John arched a curious eyebrow.
Like two pieces of the same puzzle.
For a while, he had believed he had found a kindred spirit... Too bad he realized too late that his true kindred spirit, what simple minds call "soul mate" was John.
-Ok out with it... What’s his name? -
John nodded and briefly met the black-haired man’s eyes, discovering himself curious: could a new transformation occur during his absence?
Don't get me wrong there were also times when I was to throw in the towel, convinced that maybe I was wrong, that the John Watson that presented itself to my eyes was all that was to be discovered, that I had created a fantasy about a man who did not even exist, but every time Mrs. Hudson or Greg urged me to go on, not to abandon him-
-There's something you are not telling me- he said with certainty.
She sat next to me, staying silent for hours, I think she spent the night in that chair, and the next day she started telling me stories: she told me about the first time she met you, how you jumped out of a dark corner to expose your deductions about the case, high as a kite with cocaine and how you had yelled at Greg while he handcuffed you and took you to the station.
Just as Hamish is your son, this little girl is your daughter.
"When did you know? “asked John after clearing his throat.
Once again, John smiled as he decided to cancel the distance between them and stop in front of the detective.
"John I have to go out in a couple of hours and in the meantime I'd like to take a nap and a shower, but I don't think it's possible to do all these things with an infant in my arms, so how about you help me out?"
"Okay, do you think any of his clients could have killed him?" -Greg asked then, trying not to get frustrated.
-Make yourself at home. But there's no point in me telling you, isn't it? -John told him before going straight into the kitchen.
Despite his infinite patience there was always a moment when John got to the point of no return, ready to unleash his anger against objects and people who were within his range, becoming extremely (
"Do you know any other, inspector?" he asked.
I didn't do it when I came back and I never will!" Sherlock said through his teeth.
She had thought of many possibilities, except this... A baby.
Completely and totally.
John returned her smile and, undecided on whether to shake her hand or not, merely nodded his head.
-Ask yourself rather if it's appropriate to risk what you already have for a silly fantasy-
-I know that at first glance Sherlock does not give the impression of the extroverted and sociable person, but it has not always been like this.
He had lost three years of his life mourning a man who had instead traveled around the world, solving the biggest puzzle of his life, without worrying in the least about what or whom he left behind.
"Good" said Sherlock, who, meanwhile, had stripped off his scarf, coat and shoes.
“Well, in this case I’ll let John do most of the work for both of us" Jack said before bringing the bottle back to his lips.
" played masterfully at the piano rang out, which led Hamish to immobilize for a few moments, clearly surprised by the music.
John cleared his throat before staring at him again with an empty look.
-Keep doing what you're doing, we will continue with our weekly appointments and I want to be informed immediately in case there is something wrong.
Then what happens? -Sherlock asked him, taking him by surprise.
Waking up quickly from dreamland, John moved into bed, moving the numb shoulder muscles that fiercely protested for the excessive exertions of the night before and that made him moan softly.
"You know I don't like to repeat myself" he said, trying to regain control over his own person.
The only person who really mattered in his life.
Years had passed and many things had happened: his mother had died, Harry had let herself go into the chasm of alcoholism, ruining her marriage to Clara and jeopardizing his own career as a lawyer, John had been injured in Afghanistan and had been sent home with honor and, although five years earlier he had not wanted to impose his presence in his father's house, he now desperately needed to return home.
-I was a skinny long-limbed kid and I hadn't taken street fight lessons from the homeless, I wouldn't have lasted two minutes in a fight.
-Nothing-answered at last.
The next moment, Mrs. Hudson leaned slightly toward him, and quickly slapped him harshly.
The doctor was dressed in a pair of black jeans that highlighted his solid legs and narrow waist and a black-striped shirt that accentuated his firm chest and arm muscles covered by a black waistcoat with a white handkerchief; it was a typical and at the same time unusual attire for the man (
Jack remained silent, waiting, aware that his friend needed a few minutes to recompose.
What if he took advantage of that moment when their defenses were completely annihilated  to express feelings that frightened him, that he was afraid of seeing rejected?
John immediately smiled when he saw Emma's face clouding, clearly upset.
-Are you kidding me? I've been looking forward to hearing those details for almost two years! - Jack said, looking at his friend.
As soon as his eyes recorded the movement, John broke away from Jack and tried to recompose, closing his dressing gown at the waist.
I just want you to know that whatever your decision is, we will be by your side, that you will decide for or against our proposal I will still be your doctor and I will take care of you for the rest of the pregnancy.
-I'm not going to apologize for saving your life!
Lestrade's work problems were of little interest to him either: he certainly considered him one of the few friends in the world, but Lestrade knew what he was up against from the moment he asked him to cooperate in his first case.
Observing the way he interacted with the child, the way he stroked his little hands, or even the serious nod with which he seemed to agree to every word of the little one, Greg wondered once again why Mycroft had decided categorically not to have a family.
"No it wasn't" Daniel retorted.
John.
Greg nodded, clasping his hands in fists along his hips to control the tremor that shook him.
Lost in his mind, he completely lost notion of time, without feeling even once the need to drink or eat, without giving a thought to his room where all his belongings had been lovingly guarded in those years.
-John wouldn't want to, and Gregory forbade me to talk to you about it after you came back.
Wouldn't it have been better to disappear altogether, continue his farce and make another life elsewhere?
-Nothing.
I would do anything to protect my son, and for that reason I would never dream of separating you from your little girl; you will need each other from the first moment they put her in your arms for the first time.
-Well... It was a shock and I don't think I'll feel safe around here for...
Taking a short break from work to change the clothes he had been wearing for 36 hours and to quickly check that Daniel was fine and that he needed nothing, Greg Lestrade put the key into the lock of his apartment.
-About what? -
Sherlock was alive.
Maybe something was different this time...
Moments later, the door opened, and their gaze met, allowing Sherlock to infer what the other had done in those hours.
The sound of heavy footsteps on the stairs had driven him away from his thoughts, leading him to raise his eyes just as John's figure appeared in the living room.
-So, I must be punished for the rest of my life? -
John nodded, laying his mug on the table after a long sip.
John let go a frustrated breath through his slightly open lips and rubbed his eyes with the fingers of one hand.
Greg shook his head.
He let go another sigh and threw his head backwards, looking for a few seconds at the sky above himself before returning to lay his gaze over the tombstone.
Sherlock frowned and moved slightly on the seat, looking at his brother.
How could they be so stupid? Sherlock wondered once more, as he sat up and repeatedly passed his fingers between his black curls in a raged gesture.
"Did she really scare you?" he had asked, then turning to the man.
"I don't know anything about changing a diaper" John pointed out.
"We decided to spend the rest of our lives together, as a family, and yet until a week ago we weren't even a couple”
He walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror: that hair was unwatchable, he absolutely had to fix it.
"Let's hear: how did you come to this conclusion?" he asked, leaning forward, resting both elbows on his knees.
-You should know better than anyone that I'm not good at waiting for things to happen-
-Money for what? Drugs? -
Sure, he wasn't as elegant as he had been two evenings before, but for a visit to the Zoo with an infant and Sherlock was definitely the ideal outfit.
The doctor had thought long and hard about the most suitable words to use to prevent his speech from taking a wrong turn or for Sherlock to feel compelled to accept this change, but with Sherlock you could not never be sure.
He had wondered all those years about what had happened to it and to the black coat that was tied to the image he had of his best friend.
-I want you to come home" added the black-haired man.
-The clothes are high fashion, clearly expensive, and you have found his personal items on the corpse.
Without knocking, the familiar yet estranged man opened the door of his office and stood in the doorway, and in that instant the Detective understood.
Apartment B at 221 Baker Street was shrouded in afternoon sunlight filtering through the living room windows; for once the ever-present experiments that cluttered the kitchen table lay abandoned to their destiny.
-As I thought.
-Obviously- Sherlock commented annoyed, sitting down with a quick motion, his gaze fixed on John’s face. - Clearly, this is not a case because Lestrade did not send me any message nor tried to contact me before calling you; also since you're done talking to Lestrade you're tense and you're acting weird, avoiding my gaze, which means that our dear detective asked you to go alone- Sherlock concluded all in one breath.
"She was an exceptional woman" Mycroft merely commented.
Although unconvinced by the accuracy of the address, Sherlock paid for the ride and got out of the cab that left immediately.
Or so it might have seemed to an outsider.
No one had adapted to him and his hectic life as easily and without complaints as Gregory had done, becoming in a short time indispensable.
"I don't see any lady" John said promptly, without any inflection in his voice.
John quickly moved his gaze from his icy-blue eyes to Sherlock's perfectly drawn lips and smiled.
-Mh… It's still a terrible song- Sherlock commented in a slightly hoarse voice.
John smiled again before shaking his head.
For a moment Sherlock wondered how John found that stories interesting, but never once had the doctor turned his attention away from the little girl, asking the right questions and comments, and even seemed to recognize some of the names said by the little girl, almost certainly thanks to previous conversations.
Emma, Mary this is Sherlock Holmes-said introducing them.
John's first look at Mrs. Holmes completely upset his expectations: he had expected a tall, slender woman with Sherlock-black hair or tending to brown like Mycroft's, with a tongue as sharp as that of her children and equally wrapped in haute couture dresses.
The detective had made a big leap forward thanks to his relationship with Mycroft...
-No, it's the kind of thing I'd gladly leave for Mycroft.
"Don't let anger take over" she said.
Molly giggled.
Did John think he wanted to belittle his masculinity?
It’s John’s turn- Mycroft said entering the hall and settling down, blending in perfectly with the environment.
"You already seem to know what my decision is" John said.
-So, you can undress each other with your eyes every other day, but you're going to keep pretending to be friends? – Jack asked with sarcasm in his voice.
A sudden thunderstorm forced the trio to rush home.
-We are two difficult people: we are two stubborn and proud men.
It was wrong, it was all wrong!
-I told him everything that happened during these three years, why doesn't he want to do me the same courtesy? I thought he understood the reasons that kept me away-asked Sherlock, again trying to find a logical meaning to that speech.
What do you say? Is it a good plan? -Sherlock asked at the end, his eyes alive and bright.
And baby, I can't hold it much longer
He opened the water in the shower and got rid of his dressing gown, looked carefully in the mirror: his hair was a disaster, shot in all directions giving him an unusual punk look, on his cheeks he could see a slight hint of stubble, but his eyes were happy and alive as few times he had seen them in the last year.
I'm still standing after all this time
He just needed to observe the change of expression on Sherlock's face to get his answer.
-Of course, the first few days the novelty will fill them with a spirit of solidarity, and they will try to help you in some way, but then when they will have to choose whether to help you and your little girl or help themselves...
Try not to finish all my jam! - he said, turning his back on John and opening the door.
Coming home had always seemed to him a return to his childhood, to his mother's affection and excessive attentions and to the good-natured smile and the ready and  never malicious  humor of his father, the hours passed in front of the driveway of the house on his second-hand bike to learn how to ride it without the small safety wheels.
The detective looked up at John, not knowing if it was a joke for a few moments until it became clear to him that John was offering him one last chance to escape.
At those words the mouthful of chicken Tikka Masala went down the wrong pipe, making John cough several times, even after getting rid of the foreign body, in the grip of an unusual embarrassment.
They also came together at my wedding-
John was aware, however, that a relationship with Jack, despite being a cover-up, would put an end to a possible development in their friendship.
-I know, and I'm not asking you to end your friendship with him, but to make room in your life for two more people... Actually three, considering that Sherlock and I have a nine-month-old baby- John confided them.
"No, he chose both" Harry said with an amused smile.
-So, it was a series of unfortunate events that brought us here tonight-remarked Sherlock.
Mycroft nodded.
As expected, eight minutes later they were on the street and, for once, it was Sherlock who had to follow John's quick and safe footsteps, among the inevitable weekend tourists and couples with children who, despite the cold day, had decided for a family outing.
"I've never heard this job" Emma replied, genuinely confused.
-Do you have a video where I'm fucking Daniel? -Greg asked him straightforward.
John left his sandwich half eaten on the desk and was silent for few moments, gathering his thoughts, going back to everything that had happened between him and Sherlock in the last weeks, searching for the right words and meeting his friend gaze only when he felt really ready to face that conversation.
"Hello John" the group gathered at the foot of the stage replied in chorus.
"That I had feelings for you?"  continued the other. - There must be something if you are willing to kill someone for a perfect stranger you only met thirty-six hours before.
The Holmes townhouse consisted of an entire three-story building in the West End, on Charlotte Street, with a brick facade and a vibrant cobalt door.
-Why not? People do it every day.
Or when I was away from home for cooking classes around England? -Mr. Watson said, crossing his arms to his chest.
Like Sherlock never came back.
Let's just say that lately the fair sex doesn't have much appeal for him, as opposed to young black-haired man-
"Detective Dimmock" greeted Sherlock by walking away from the door- It's a pleasure to see you again- he added then out of sheer formality.
Slowing down slightly he stopped in front of a wooden gate on which hung a parking ban, which began to open the moment the roar of his engine settled on a quiet meowl.
But I was worried about the seriousness of your "mission" -she confessed.
Oddly enough I have a slight appetite- Sherlock confessed.
He wanted to thank him, tell him that he appreciated what he was doing for him, but Hamish Watson didn't need words, he knew exactly what his son was going through, even though neither John nor Harriet had let anything slip.
The doctor glanced at his father and Hamish, engaged in an incomprehensible conversation and sighed.
"John" Sherlock mumbled, drawing the man's attention back to his face.
It was only when the car was moving away from that crowd of vultures that John began to breathe again, hiding his face in his hands that shook for the frustration and adrenaline.
The two men looked up at the entrance to the clinic and seeing Stephanie a few steps away, John managed a slight smile, trying to ease the embarrassment that was clearly painted on the woman's face.
"You and I know all too well that despite all his enemies, Sherlock is the only person who can truly protect our son" Irene pointed out.
"What about your Mondays?" asked Sherlock again.
John was certain that if he entered Sherlock's room, he would still find it there, bottled as if it should be put on the market, but he was aware that his nerves would not hold up.
-A few days ago, she almost fainted... If I hadn't been there, she would have fallen to the ground passed out- meddled Boss.
John's laugh made him return to reality, and Sherlock again looked back at the pair: John's hips moved in time to music against Michaels’ who held him against his front, with one arm around his waist.
Sherlock slightly moved his torso in the direction of his voice, a small smile on his full lips, watching him carefully as John stopped next to him and bent down to kiss Hamish's head.
-If it was up to me, I'd ask him to marry me.
"Mh mh"
-What are you talking about, John?- Sherlock asked.
-And I'm convinced that if you decided to do something like that you did it was because you didn't find another solution, am I right? -she asked, the cup raised in mid-air.
Smart bastard, as usual!
Soon, his brother would appear on the door of the apartment, ready to teach him a lesson on responsibilities, eventually conceding to take care of the child or to find someone more qualified to do it for them.
"Of course I'm back!" John promptly retorted before taking a deep breath. "Sherlock, do you remember what I told you that morning before everything went to hell?" he asked.
Not now, of course, not with all the problems we have at the moment, but definitely in a couple of years I would try to put a ring on his finger.-
-How do I know that in five or ten years you won't change your mind and come back to getting him back, maybe trying to woo Sherlock and destroy my life again? -
Greg opened his eyes wide, clearly surprised.
"What?" she asked when she recovered slightly.
-Me too... Maybe we could go out again- Sherlock proposed, hoping to have a neutral tone.
-We must go out in ten minutes; you think you can do it? - he added.
-Me? -
That you could be
"And we're not?" John asked him to tease him.
He didn’t have to wait more than ninety seconds before the answer, and once again a smile appeared on his lips.
Despite his perfectly ironed shirt and creaseless suit, Greg could clearly see behind that mask: his partner’s face was also plagued by deep dark circles under his eyes, his face slightly hollowed out at the height of his cheeks, and his complexion had turned a weird shade of grey.
And every time he spends the night with her and they go to the clinic together the next morning-
"Tell me something about yourself" he said, remembering what he had read in the many articles on the internet.
Above all, it had left him confused and vulnerable with many questions crowding into his head unanswered.
Tommy nodded.
"I can look after myself Doc... “she replied with a slight irritation in her voice.
Greg nodded, beginning to understand the meaning of that conversation.
So why were those words still hurting?
At that moment his phone vibrated in the pocket of his coat.
-Okay. What do you expect me to do now? - he asked her.
"Precisely" Sherlock replied nodding resolutely.
-I'm listening-
Sherlock frowned slightly.
-I promise you I will stand by you and Sherlock and I will respect your decision.
Although the idea of returning to work with Sherlock did not fill him with joy, there was nothing else he could do, at least for the time being.
The wristwatch he had received as a gift from his father for his 21st birthday and which he wore only on a few special occasions.
-Damn it Sherlock, how can you not tell the difference?
Many times over the years he had seen the genius man get angry for a nonsense or because of the prolonged absence of a serial killer "worthy of that name", so he had devised tactics to relax Sherlock and bring a smile back on the detective’s lips: tea was always a good choice, other times it was enough just a phone call to Molly asking the woman to find a poor corpse donated to science ready to be sacrificed to Sherlock’s enormous curiosity and intellect.
"It is difficult to distinguish hunger cramps from those that could be caused by the baby" the girl said.
If the living room of Baker Street was an explosion of chaos, with its skull, moose head and the various volumes that Sherlock left everywhere, this room was the complete opposite: everything was arranged in a functional way and at the limit of obsession.
Irene sighed, clearly bored, moving the teacup toward the center of the table.
"Oh, you mean the endless list of reasons why you won’t come with us to the Parade?” John asked him taking a step into the living room.
-The first time I took some sedatives was after I got back from the hospital... According to the doctors, I needed to sleep, and the pills would "help" me recover from what had happened to me.
John nodded, an amused smile on his lips.
Sherlock shrugged, all too aware that feelings were not his forte and settled more comfortably on the cold floor.
Following that visit, John had gone to Sainsbury's at the first opportunity and raided the infant aisle buying at least one pack of each suitable preparation or biscuit for a child of Hamish's age, starting that same evening to test the baby's taste buds with different baby food.
Without looking away from the perfect face of the detective, he took a long sip of wine, grouping his ideas together, and when he felt ready, John took a deep breath.
-It doesn’t matter now... What's his name?" Greg asked as he returned to lay his eyes on Mycroft and the baby.
When the time comes to go to kindergarten, his intelligence will already be on par with a six-year-old and this will cause him many disadvantages in relating to others.
-I made a decision - Sherlock's firm voice interrupted him.
Disturbed by his own thoughts, Sherlock rested his forehead on John's shoulder, hiding his face from John, closing his eyes for a few moments.
"I don't know!" said John, raising his voice slightly.
."), there were three hundred and sixty-two photos that almost covered the entire wall.
-That wasn't his best post-commented Sherlock without acrimony.
"I think it's my duty to apologize for my brother's behavior… As always- Mycroft started to say, stirring his tea after pouring a teaspoon of sugar into it.
John saved him from the indecision and moved into his embrace to be face-to-face with the detective, a knowing smile on his lips, before approaching his ear again.
"Of course!" snapped Sherlock, finally looking up at the woman.
Still John shook his head.
Right, Emma?" he asked the little girl with a smile.
Finally Sherlock looked away from Tommy and move his glare to John, clearly challenging him to stop him, to give him a valid reason to interrupt that conversation.
-You took care of her during her pregnancy and formed a bond with the baby, perhaps unconsciously- continued Sherlock, the cup of tea squeezed in the fingers of one hand.
-I've never done that! He gave me his number and it was Greg that came looking for me... But for what it's worth, I'll give you my word-Daniel concluded turning his back again to retrieve his clothes placed on a chair next to the bed.
The next moment the screen zoomed in on a section and in the room echoed the fetus' heartbeat, causing tears to rush down Baby Girl's cheeks.
Putting an end to the kiss, Sherlock quickly peered into the other's face and smiled, relieved to note that all the anxiety of few moments before had vanished; clutching John's hand in his he sat down again.
John nodded.
The doctor remained silent for a few moments, clearly to gather ideas, before speaking again.
-I could never do that! Who knows what would happen to the Empire if you retired to private life- Greg replied before taking the few steps that separated him from his partner?
It's just that... When we’ll have sex it will be the final step-John said to her looking at her with serious eyes. - From that moment on, there will be no more secrets, no more running away as soon as things get complicated... If we add that missing piece it will be forever- he told her trying to explain the motivations behind his choice.
"I didn't actually stop" he replied.
-Don’t worry- said the man.
John lowered his head, staring at his right hand abandoned in his lap, feeling suddenly tired.
A hand perfectly manicured rested on one of his own, leading him look up to her face.
-Molly? Molly Dimmock? -asked surprised Greg.
John turned to Sherlock and exhaled deeply, trying to pull in the far corner of his brain the licentious thoughts that had occupied his mind until a few minutes earlier.
Sherlock shut up for a few moments, still looking into the doctor's eyes, reading into them every emotion the man was feeling at the time: confusion? Worry?
"Oh yes, you did" Greg promptly retorted.
An ironic grin curved Jack’s lip.
"I wish I could tell you that it was a nightmare, but I want to be honest: while you were away I slept with many different men and, considering our work, I am convinced that it was bound to happen to come across one of them sooner or later” he commented, trying to find a logical explanation for the fight of the day before.
The conversation ended soon after, leaving Greg confused and full of questions.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sighing frustrated he rubbed his face with one hand and berated himself for such a trivial mistake.
John then turned and walked away from the crime scene, crossing the blue and white cordon and walking towards Shaftesbury Avenue.
"I'm happy for  Greg, he's  one of my best  friends, but the less contact I have with Mycroft the better it is" he said.
(See the end of the chapter for
For the umpteenth time the room was shrouded in silence, while John let himself be enveloped by the heat that every sip of whiskey blew up from his throat to his stomach and Harriet searched for the right words to continue the subject.
The two stared at each other for a few more moments before Daniel opened his lips.
It was only when they arrived at the front door that John turned and pointed his ocean-blue eyes at his friend, wanting to know how long Greg had known the boy, how deep their knowledge was
Despite the immobility to which his young age forced him, Hamish bent his back moving his head left and right, almost mimicking an old tortoise who struggles in its movements but who is still curious about the world around her, studying the new room.
Trying to make order in his own thoughts, which were stirring nonstop in his brain, Sherlock followed the man for a dozen steps, stopping behind the church, in front of a wooden gate that allowed him to enter the garden of it.
Sherlock merely shook his head, his gaze fixed on the man.
Settling next to Sherlock, John clasped his hands on the handles of Hope's stroller and smiled when he noticed the pat that Greg gave to Sherlock’s shoulder to show his approval and friendship.
"I didn’t dye my hair for you" Sherlock said, just for the sake of contradicting him, even if he couldn't wait to return to his natural color.
He understood from the muscle contraction in the man's jaw that even this time the question would not be answered.
-I didn't know it was your fault. So what did you want to know? -he asked before taking a piece from the first cookie and bringing it to his mouth.
Whether or not you should
John needed time... He would return and he would be terribly magnanimous to grant him his forgiveness and time to hear the explanations that he was surely curious to know.
-Stop it! -snapped John annoyed.
Sherlock had ascended the small staircase and had took out the key of the flat from his coat pocket.
John had always hidden his scar, partly because he considered it horrible, and partly because after seeing Sherlock's half naked and perfect body several times he knew perfectly well that he had no hope of matching it.
Boss and John stared for a few moments before the homeless man approached them to close the door, taking a sneaky look at the street to check that no one had noticed their movements.
"Why Sally?" asked Sherlock again, completely changing the subject.
A quick shag and then back to their lives?
-Given the shape and size of the belly I would say four months-
“I left you something to eat in the fridge in case you get hungry. Try not to blow up the house! I’ll see you tonight” John told him before quickly walking down the stairs and closing the main front door behind him.
Whatever happens it will not change anything, I promise- John soothed her in a firm and affectionate voice.
John shook his head.
"So, we have to pretend that you just needed to spend time at home, see dad and all that bullshit?" retorted Harry clearly unconvinced.
There was another thing that had changed in those days: observing John's behavior in the brief moments when they were both in the same room, Sherlock had discovered that the doctor had rekindled a relationship with Jack, thanks to the almost constant presence of that spicy cologne on his clothes.
“What do you expect me to do?" asked Sherlock, an eyebrow arched to the other's words.
Left alone, Greg took a deep breath and walked down the hall at the end of which was Mycroft's office, just for meetings with the public.
Was Sherlock attracted to his military nature?
In the short period of time that the two men spent alone in the apartment, Sherlock carefully observed every move of the doctor, as was now his custom, losing himself only briefly in his own Mind Palace for quick deductions and considerations on the day just passed,and it was at the very end of one of his moments "of absence" that he found a cup of tea placed on the coffee table at the right distance so that he could reach it only by stretching his long arms.
Ignoring the unexpected heat that had spread over his face to that spontaneous serenade, and which was almost certainly clearly visible to John, Sherlock swallowed and tried to rebuild his facade, which for so many years had been a second skin, but which now crumbled at the slightest hint of seduction by John H. Watson.
A small word similar to an electric shock that had gone through every nerve ending of his body.
-I certainly don't like it when you call me William...- Sherlock commented annoyed.
Alongside the yellow smile that he himself had painted so many years before ("
was aware
Jack observed the tired and defenseless expression that had suddenly sat on his friend's face and sighed.
"It would be perfect" John said.
Then Lestrade turned his back on him and headed to his office.
Thinking about the months spent with John before The Fall, the weeks since his return, the slow improvement of their relationship, the strange feelings he had the first time he saw John's smile again that day on the subway train.
"Thought Sherlock pouring boiling water into the cup.
The most logical solution would have been to confront his partner, inform him that he knew of his betrayal and ask him to leave their apartment.
Sherlock, standing in front of him, the silky blue robe over his pajama pants, looked at him with an unexpected guilty expression on his face.
How could he forget all the times that the pain had taken away any will, every time his brain suggested he should end it, follow Sherlock wherever he was?
If Mycroft was behind all this, then not even all the MI6 staff would have been able to stop him when he would have got his hands on that bastard.
-Then we're going to sit at this desk again, have a long conversation, and together we're going to decide.
He then turned and walked to the bike, followed a short distance by Jack, without a further look at his so-called friend.
Then suddenly she was gone, leaving me with the bitterness of not having solved the mystery and a stupid phone full of mischievous messages-
Once again Greg nodded.
Sherlock shook his head.
"I love him" said Emma, as if it was the obvious answer.
John sighed in frustration.
During his absence, a new chapter in the life of the Apartment B at 221 Baker Street had begun, and suddenly John was jealous that he was not a part of it as usual.
-Is that why Boss wasn't excited to see me? Sherlock asked.
Sherlock thanked him with a nod and watched as the man walked away towards the kitchens, almost certainly to give vent to the emotions that the encounter had provoked.
His coat wrapped in a cellophane bag of the dry-cleaning service.
"After all these years I’ve learned what are the battles that I can win and those that are already lost from the start" the inspector replied frankly.
Mycroft had also got rid of his work clothes, wearing a pair of raw wool pants and a high-necked dark red sweater that highlighted his complexion and perfectly matched his reddish-brown hair, for once free from the gel with which the man controlled them.
Unable to think under that rain of stimuli, Sherlock let himself go,  a hand firmly clasped around the corner of the table to hold himself up, folded almost completely on John, until a distant noise forced him to pay a tenth of his attention to what was going on outside their apartment, searching for the origin of the noise in his archive and suddenly stiffening in the embrace when he recognized it.
Anyway, he's back... yes, I know, he was dead before and now he’s alive, weird, isn't it?
This was the first thought that crossed Sherlock's mind when the first sound his ears heard on a damp April morning was a song blaring in the apartment.
It would be a smart move, a dead body in plain sight, but I don't think you have the intelligence necessary for such a cunning murder-Sherlock commented.
At the sound of the unknown voice, John moved his head around the room, staring at the young boy sitting on the couch.
Greg flashed a smile and shook his head.
Three hours later, John and Sally sat relaxed at a table in an Indian restaurant, one of the best in the area according to Sherlock, waiting to be served.
He was a reliable person, able to smile even after yet another case of flu or to dispense a kind word to the hypochondriac lady (
-Okay. It was a stranger guy who did this to you; can I ask you why?- John asked again, cleaning the dry blood to get a clear view of the wound.
Behind his narrow eyelids, listening to the man's movements around the living room, Sherlock was able to reproduce his every action: checking his appearance in the mirror above the fireplace, passing his hand over his jaws covered with blonde beard, the quick movement of the fingers in the hair (
Greg shrugged, trying to look calm, despite the growing feeling of breaking an unwritten rule.
Something was wrong... And if he didn't want Gregory to slowly and inexorably walk away from him, he had to find out what it was.
That day couldn’t get any worse…
"It's been a busy few weeks, with Misha joining us and me leaving" he said sincere.
-Hello John-
John frowned.
Before I could vanish, the sergeant stopped me to tell me that my intuitions were correct and that I was an idiot because I was wasting my gift with cocaine- Sherlock concluded.
Hamish's legs and head popped up from a front baby-carrier.
-It could be... After all, we all know the risks of the business-
Even that time it was Sherlock who saved him from silence and for a wonderful moment, John had deluded himself that the detective would turn away the immobility forever.
-What did John say of today's press conference? -
He collapsed on the bed fully clothed, without bothering to slip under the covers or take off his shoes, and when he awoke a muscle contraction, now familiar, at the base of his neck gave him his good morning.
-I'm going to have to start somewhere, don't you think? -
Just for once Sherlock could have left him alone, giving him time to reflect on what had happened; he needed peace of mind, isolation to have the necessary mental lucidity to decide about his own future.
-John and I are just friends... - Sherlock hastened to make clear, trying to ward off the warmth that those words had provoked in him, the hope that foolishly had sprouted inside him.
"You had no right!" continued Sherlock, stepping into the other man personal space, as if he wanted to put more emphasis on his words.
As Mycroft had predicted on the day Hamish became part of their lives, the child had already started crawling and, although it was evident that crawling for him was a lot of fun, he seemed ready to attempt the next step and now his mind was engaged in seeking the right movements that would allow him to stand up.
The detective remained silent, embarrassed to admit his own lack.
-If what you are looking for is analytical and complete truth about my knowledge and my abilities, then my blog is for you but if you want to know "the man  behind the method" then you should read my colleague's blog- Sherlock replied the next moment.
"You’re welcome!" Greg said back, a satisfied smile on his face.
-John...-greeted the detective in a whisper, his gaze fixed on John’s face.
"No, Robert doesn't eat, drink, sleep or breathe without my mother's permission" Sherlock said, moving into the living room toward his own chair.
Only a few people could recognize Sherlock's "feelings" from a slight change of expression, and perhaps John was the only one who fully understood them: he knew that the detective was bored, more than usual because of the lack of work, and that only the tense air in the house had prevented him from making more graffiti on the walls or giving himself to the most absurd experiments.
The girl nodded, following John into the living room and sitting on the couch, suddenly cleared of all the tomes of medicine and Hamish's clothes.
-I didn't have any rights? Fuck you, Sherlock!   - shouted John, shoving the detective away from himself, knocking the cane to the ground.
In the meantime, he rotated his stiff shoulders and tried to loosen his aching back muscles.
Sherlock glanced at him still distressed.
"Even the name is posh" John commented with a chuckle.
-But you have been busy too. When I left you and Sherlock just got together, ready for a sex marathon and instead I come back to find you on the verge of a nervous breakdown and with a baby.
"Are you back for good?" he was asked.
-It could be dangerous-
-Don't get me wrong. He never betrayed me or anything like that, he's too noble for that, but that relationship was just routine for him.
-I couldn't let him hurt you. I couldn't- he said interrupting mid-speech to swallow the knot that suddenly clenched his throat- I know you think I didn't trust you, and I know I hurt you... More than I can imagine, but I was willing to sacrifice my life to prevent Moriarty or someone of his goons who hurt you.
Something serious must have happened to afflict John like that.
If it wasn't Mycroft then Greg would have been right.
"What are you doing here?" he asked without taking his eyes off the red door.
"During your absence I thought about how many times things between us could have gone differently if only I had said or done something different, if I had let you deduce my feelings for you" he said sincerely, looking back at the black-haired man’s face.
": Sherlock will get lost in the crowded streets, pointing every building, street or alley that had even the slightest interest to Hamish, and explained to the child the story unknown to the rest of the English population, firmly convinced that those long conversations would remain in Hamish's memory.
How many times had he seen it around the pale neck of the only detective consultant in the world?
The memory of the discussion they had when Sherlock had read that post was still alive in his memory (and not only for the explosion that had occurred a few minutes after he had walked out from Baker Street) and into the walls of their apartment.
Whose genius was mind-blowing and unparalleled... A man who had put his life at risk to save his own, to make sure John was there with him now.
I do not deny that I will keep an eye on his growth and everything related to him, but I will never interfere with your choices or in his life- Irene answered serious.
"Why don't you just ask me Sherlock?"urged Molly.
John hinted at a smile at those words, without making the slightest attempt to disprove them.
Satisfied with the man's disbelieving look, he took a sip from his own cup before staring again at Jack's face.
But something caught John's attention, leading him to lift the man's left hand: his knuckles were slightly scratched.
Perhaps for the first time, I would have been able to put someone else's interest first- confessed honestly Sherlock.
Sherlock had spent a few hours toying with the idea of lurking around the clinic, waiting for John's shift to end, and then following him on his unknown expeditions.
"It’s a surprise" Sherlock said without looking away from his own window, where he saw John nodding clearly confused.
John answered with an affectionate smile, caressing Sherlock’s chest with his hand.
their apartment at that time
The next moment the door opened, leaving Sherlock stunned: on the threshold was one of the homeless who was part of his network of informants.
Believe me, I have discovered firsthand how wrong this statement is.
"No John you couldn't!"  exploded Sherlock.
Aware of his ignorance of the matter, Sherlock had asked for help from the only person who, besides John and Mrs. Hudson, could have been really helpful in that situation.
-Sherlock…-John warned him.
-No! Only Time Lords know how to build it and how to drive it- he explained patiently, like she was talking to a child of her own age.
-Thank you... I can handle a meeting with heads of state ready to slit my throat without even a palpitation, but that little girl scares me a little- he admitted lowering his voice slightly so as not to be heard by Emma.
He crossed the short corridor that separated the entrance from the living room, furnished in warm tones and with the impeccable taste of his companion, and listened for a few moments: in the distance a voice was conducting a conversation in a foreign language, with the practical and sure tone that he had now learned to associate with the public figure of his companion.
He wasn't a widower; Sherlock wasn't his husband or his partner.
Those men never meant anything, they never had a fucking chance with me, none of them, no matter how hard they try to impress me.
The door opened instantly, while still the sound rang in the foyer, leading John to raise his head slightly to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Usually their crime scenes were abandoned alleys, or derelict shelters, crumbling houses where the closest thing to civilization was a dirty sink with rusty faucets.
Also, Boss has been looking after me like if it was a proper nanny to make sure I was well-commented the girl.
Lost as it was in his thoughts, he did not notice that John had responded to the little girl, to whom she had simply nodded.
"You really have no idea?" she asked.
-No, it's still important, but... -he said before stopping, looking for the most suitable words to help Mycroft understand. -When you are in a relationship, especially in an important relationship like ours, you have to carefully choose your own battles, know what you are willing to give up for the sake of the other... -
John avoided answering the question and continued his story.
-Dr. Watson are you happy with Mr. Holmes's return? - yelled at a reporter.
-That's right. I forgot that Sherlock Holmes leads a boring and ordinary life- he pointed out.
That smile also infected John, leading him to nod slowly for a few moments, trying to control the praise that automatically came on his lips every time Sherlock showed off his gift.
In thirty-eight years, Sherlock had been afraid of losing only two people: his mother who, despite the pressures and his many mistakes, had never abandoned him and John Watson.
-But I liked it. I think I'd like to visit Rome one day... Maybe you could find a decades-old mystery to solve- he said.
-I heard he got married and took his father's place in the family business, so we probably weren't meant to last... I could never have been a trophy husband or worse his lover- Sherlock ended without acrimony.
It was finally time to put her to bed.
"Hi dad" John said, smiling a little embarrassed.
The man merely groaned.
"And I guess your parents don't know anything about your activities... - commented Greg without saying a word on the automatic action done by the boy.
"Why don't you want to tell me what happened to you in the last three years?" Sherlock decided to ask.
-Every second of every day, you were with me... I couldn't get rid of your face.
-Greg...-said John after a deep breath.
Mycroft nodded with the same solemnity and almost at the same moment Greg sighed relieved.
Baby Girl nodded slowly before looking down, embarrassed.
-Come on Greg! You can't back out; we want all the details- Jack said.
-Anthea is already at work so Hamish’s necessities will be delivered here...-began Mycroft.
-Papa? -
Perfect- Sherlock commented with a smile that also infected John.- You will teach him to play rugby or football and will help him understand the human component that for me has always been a mystery and I will teach him chemistry, physics, take him with me to the crime scenes or the morgue of Barts, I will teach him to play an instrument...-
The smile on John's lips became brighter before he shrugged his shoulders.
"You have a lot of pictures" he said, looking for a neutral ground to start the conversation.
-The sedatives worked for a few months, until my dreams were corrupted by the same reality that I was trying to shun: every time I closed my eyes, I always saw the same scene, the same nightmare, from which I could not escape.
Mr. Watson? Or can I use your real name? -he asked with a slight hint of irony in his voice.
"It makes sense to me" he said.
Sherlock stared at him for a few moments, unsure whether to grant him that satisfaction or not, before making a brief nod.
The thing that struck him the most was the expression on John's face: he had seen him not even twenty-four hours ago and John was smiling and affable as only the good doctor, thanks to the influence of his brother, could be.
Sherlock remained silent, peering intently and gathering as much information as possible about the man.
"Something good"- The sound of music ( Title & Quote)
There had been a time when the two men were able to leave the apartment in less than five minutes: after a text from Lestrade they were ready to run outside, sometimes forgetting behind their house keys  or cash to pay their taxi fares.
His name had been uttered countless times by Sherlock, but never in such a low tone and with such an obvious longing in his voice; a few times John had felt so desired, and for a moment he was afraid he would not live up to expectations.
If it would have been up to John’s or himself, he would have died of starvation.
Sherlock swallowed again, determined for once, to be completely sincere.
-We decided to take Hamish to the zoo- Sherlock interrupted.
It's the classic story: a girl falls in love with a boy of a lower class, sleeps with him believing that from that moment they will live the most beautiful story after Romeo and Juliet...-.
The moment the man's lips closed around the cake, a satisfied and erotic to the point of being almost sinful moan broke the silence between them, increasing Sherlock’s heartbeats.
-You think you don't remember what John said yesterday morning? - Sherlock pointed it out to Jack.
Would Baker Street also become like this after years of living together?
We have one more chapter before the end... are you sad as I am?
Home where my music's playing
That morning he had briefly seen the detective, but the man had not made the slightest hint at the press conference; for a moment John relive the past days to find a clue, without finding anything besides the countless messages Sherlock had sent from his mobile phone and the hours he spent playing the violin, as if he wanted to recuperate the lost years.
"It’s fine, don’t worry…Kids say goodbye to dad!" John said, before giving Hope’s stroller folded up to Greg to bring it down and in the car.
Leaning on the doorstep of the room, one hand against the door handle to support some of his weight, Mycroft shrugged.
John was certain that if he allowed Sherlock to explain himself, anger would take over again, leading him to do something he would regret.
-I opened the windows in your old room, but I avoided changing the sheets so as not to make unpleasant discoveries...-comment the old man, managing to snatch a smile from John.
For a few moments silence fell between the two men, but John knew his father enough to know that there was something the other had to say and that both of them would not leave that room until everything was said and done.
How would Sherlock behave?
"But I can assure you that once you make your decision, you will never regret it" Mycroft added.
In order not to make her feel lonely or uncomfortable, John reached out and gently squeezed the girl's little bony hand, giving her a reassuring smile.
-It’s different, Johnny's... If I'd let her, she'd had been with me even in the worst of times, but I couldn't ruin her life like I was ruining mine.
You want me to believe that all these years you haven't found someone willing to cheer up your lonely nights?  -she teased him.
Love, Eva
-Don't ask me stupid questions, you know you wouldn't like the answer...
He was almost certain that he would find her alone and had confirmation of it when he heard the slight noise of low heels on the wooden floor inside.
-You are who you are, let us not sugarcoated our words; so I'm sure we can come to an agreement: tell me how much money you want to end your relationship with Gregory and I'll give it to you- he informed him.
Placing the rucksack on one shoulder, he walked out of the living room and walked to the stairs heading upstairs.
"Thank you, ah licorice, I think it should be fine" John said, opening the candy wrap and sticking it in his mouth before turning to Greg and Sally. - You don't need to stay- he said then to his two friends, Sherlock's gaze always on him, careful not to miss even a single move.
A warmth invaded Sherlock's face, leading him to untie the first button of his coat and giving rise to an amused smile on Jack's face.
-True, but sometimes it's good to have a laugh for something "normal" instead of Anderson’s stupidity or the other Met agents; or go to dinner with a friend just for the sake of it instead of celebrating the end of a case-
36 years old, two brothers, a boy and a girl, clearly younger than you.
Sherlock opened his eyes and moved a hand to John's jaw, raising his head just enough to press his forehead against his lover’s.
-I think you're right, but maybe my involvement is only marginal: to learn that you were still alive and that only a select few of them knew about it, must have seemed a low blow-
The doctor remained silent for a few moments, then smiled slowly.
Mycroft was home.
In the room sounded the pleasant and soothing notes of the violin that Sherlock, in pajama pants and dressing gowns despite being five o'clock in the afternoon, played with undisputed mastery for the exclusive benefit of the child and the adult sitting on the floor next to the tea table.
"Is everything all right?" asked John, slightly frowning.
-Great deduction John-comment.
-What's that? Ah...Yeah, everything is all right.
“Stay close to your sister Hamish. Never lose sight of her” the detective warned the boy.
"He's going to stay here" Greg said, anticipating the boy's response.
That's why he categorically refuses to have children" he said.
Despite the many questions that crowded into his mind, Greg took a deep breath and closed his eyes, aware that he would receive no answer.
Two days after the detective's return, John had returned home after a shift at the clinic and found the older Holmes sitting in the living room, in his chair, in front of Sherlock who from the expression of his face did not appreciate this visit at all.
Mrs. Hudson shrugged.
-Your mother? What are you doing here? But why don't you want to let her in? -asked John, ending their embrace.
-Well,  you were all wrong!
Even then, while his father had peacefully accepted his choice, despite his concern and many reservations, his mother had spent two days crying every time she laid eyes on him, trying to make him feel guilty enough to change his mind, but with no results.
I can give you a long list of evidence that would only corroborate my case, but it's a decision you have to make all by yourself, so when you finally make your choice you can't blame anyone else but yourself- Mycroft said.
-Oh, shut up Greg! - John scolded him pointedly, understanding his friend's veiled insinuation.
What surprised him even more was that when he finally decided to open it, after many hesitancies, the only thing he found was a multimedia link and the usual initials SH.
A wry smile curved Daniel's thin lips.
John inhaled deeply a couple of times, determined not to launch an explanation of the emotional process he had faced in the years after The Fall that had led him to admit his feelings for Sherlock, certain that Irene would find them boring, scared of the possibility of seeing Irene laughing in his face after putting his feelings out in the open.
Judging by the coat John was wearing, it was supposed to be a coffee break while working, but Sherlock ruled out that the two were colleagues, noting the lack of the white coat on the other man replaced by a leather jacket.
The other did not answer, merely staring back at his brother for a few seconds, before Sherlock let go of an angry sound and turned his back again, his eyes on the road.
Greg frowned, looking confused.
He lifted the lid, and the instant he first glanced inside, he gasped.
"That’s what everyone keeps telling me, but that doesn't mean I have to like him" the angry man retorted.
-It was just another case at first, a challenge... a puzzle I couldn't solve.
For a long moment he stood still, inhaling the old smell of lavender that he had always connected with his parents' sheets.
-Can we go to Mc Donald's? -asked the little girl with a big smile that she hoped to be convincing.
-I know I'm not the ideal man to build a family with, but I promise you I will do everything I can, and the impossible if I have to, so that you always have everything you need and that you, Hamish are happy.-
This time it was Sally’s turn to nod.
-Mh... I think it's better for you to go, it takes more than an hour to get back to London and Hamish will end up getting too tired...-he said looking up at the clock on the wall.
It's always been hard for me to talk about my feelings, even when my love for you is obvious, at least according to our friends- John said cautiously.
“... In conclusion, for all these reasons that I just explained to you, I have decided not to take part in this absurd carnival. It is also my firm belief that you should not go either.”
The woman shook her head.
-You knew I was alive when you slept with her. Use your huge brain and draw your conclusions-commented John.
"As far as I'm concerned, the baby is healthy, but you know perfectly well that I would feel more confident if I could do an ultrasound" John told Boss.
"If I'm not mistaken, we were talking about your relationship with John" Greg said, trying to divert the conversation that, surely, would not be pleasant.
Maybe there was still hope for the world...
Jack shrugged, trying to recover from the shock of seeing his life exposed in a matter of seconds.
It was then that he felt the presence of a stranger a few steps away, followed a few moments later by a slight cough to announce his presence: Lestrade.
-Not everyone does office hours, John- he just answered.
That phrase of a distant speech echoed in his mind: although years had passed and many things had happened in the meantime, that statement was still true today.
" Can't keep it inside"- Song sung by Benedict Cumberbatch in "Osage County"
And I don't think it's a recent feeling, maybe you've been aware of it for some time, but you preferred to ignore your feelings given his "death."
I'm not above going back to the start
Greg sneered and shook his head.
-Who else knows? Greg? John? -he carried on.
" ...
A movement in the living room brought his attention to the door, followed a few moments later by the sound of steps on the stairs (
"Damn!" exclaimed John, turning around.
-Sherlock often says that I am his "moral compass" ... Without him I had lost my direction-
As his brain became more alert, a vaguely mischievous smile appeared on the doctor's lips, followed soon after by a happy laugh that rang out within the four walls of the bedroom and which the man tried to hide in his pillow.
Certainly, he got a lot of nerves...
There was a new stereo system, next to the fireplace, clearly modern given the presence of the IPod station visible in the center and a flat-screen television installed on the wall next to the window, a short distance from the stand with its neatly ordered music sheets.
Sherlock snorted in frustration and shook his head.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders again.
How could John mess with his life like that? He was a doctor, for pity's sake!
"Unfortunately, I still have a few things that I absolutely need to take care of before I can come home" Mycroft said.
John glanced at Mrs. Holmes who still seemed terribly busy with her own phone and shrugged.
Remembering his manners, Jack made a little bow with his head toward the woman.
He continues to act as if nothing has changed, as if this child is not important, but in the meantime, he has decided to raise him instead of entrusting him to a foster family.
-Hey Greg- the doctor greeted him.
It was almost midnight when Greg and Sally took leave of the two men, giving only a quick glance at the figure who had stood still in the living room for the length of the dinner, sitting in his own armchair.
John nodded slowly.
He was certain that the relationship between the two men had not reached a physical level, given  the lack of signs or the smell of sex that John always carried with him after each sexual encounter, but that awareness did not seem to help him every time his look rested on the crumpled clothes and disheveled hair of the doctor, the result of some amorous meeting between the two men, causing him an incomprehensible anger in his stomach.
A normal person would have been offended by that text, but John had stopped considering himself "normal" since he first met Sherlock Holmes, which is why he found nothing strange when his entertained laugh exploded in the silent office.
-141 Cleveland St.
"Hey Sherlock!" he greeted him, smiling at the detective.
-One morning we were called out: there were at least three wounded about ten miles from our hospital.
-And of course, you decided to take on this task because you were the most suitable person...-said John caustic, letting all his frustration shine through more and more.
John put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed her lightly.
- I come from Aldershot, a small town not far from London, where everyone knows each other and knows everything about them.
She shook her head.
-Because she is, John.
Mycroft's facial muscles stiffened to that provocation.
-You're won’t be the first.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" Mycroft asked without turning around.
So you thought it was enough to have a young, cute face and a nice firm butt for me, a policeman, to throw away my principles and my love for you and start fucking with the first guy who walked next to me- Greg said before meeting again the look of the man in front of him.
-How could you play with your life like that? Didn't you think of me?
-Guys, why don’t you…-Greg stepped in to try and quell the spirits.
-Just because no one has ever succeeded before it doesn’t mean that it is impossible; you only have to find the appropriate instructions-continued unworried Sherlock.
The woman glanced at the apartment, cataloguing every detail, and the next moment she turned to John, giving him an affable smile and walking towards him.
"It's not been easy for him these past few years- she started.
Once again, the woman nodded.
Molly nodded.
The next moment he walked to the front door, leaving Mycroft alone with his own thoughts, his own ghosts and a large empty house.
- If I really decide to go back to Baker Street, what are you going to do? Will you forget your son and leave it to me and Sherlock to raise him? –
A black-haired, ice-blue-eyed child who will grew up to be the exact copy of the consultant detective...
What would have been so wrong?
"Forgive me, I wasn't going to disturb you" he said in a moderate voice.
As soon as he saw him, a bright smile appeared on Greg's face.
In those years he had used so many names that he could no longer remember his real name.
Mycroft looked up: what else had John and Sherlock been up to?
John raised his hands and cupped Sherlock’s face, allowing John to  come face-to-face with Sherlock when he raised on his toes.
-So, he chose chess-
-We're in Soho, Inspector.
Thanks to his photographic knowledge of the streets of London, Sherlock was able to understand almost immediately where they were headed, and he had confirmation of it when John turned into Thornton Street and moments later in Salisbury Place.
John had to be the luckiest bastard in the universe if among millions of more deserving people, Sherlock had chosen him.
John stared at her for a few moments and then smiled at her sweetly, quickly stroking her cheek.
The other shook his head.
Well, that would be enough
Four hours had passed since his return to Baker Street and naively, Sherlock had hoped to find the doctor at home, waiting for his return ready to talk about what had happened, but had to think again at the sight of the empty apartment.
The black-haired man turned a little and saw his mother sitting in the place that until recently had been occupied by him, during that conversation so unusual and important that had totally changed the relationship between Sherlock and his doctor.
"It up to John when it's time to tell you the truth" she added.
John sank into his favorite armchair and closed his eyes for an instant.
-Despite all this, every time I have a nightmare Sherlock starts playing the violin regardless of the fact that it is the middle of the night, only to calm me down and help me regain consciousness of reality.
Without adding anything else, John turned to Greg, who reciprocated his gaze with a glance at the same time incredulous and worried.
"Isn’t it obvious, John?" he said. “As long as Graham kept waving at the surveillance cameras I would have found you anywhere.”
What was John doing on a bus this early in the day? Was he headed to work for a shift at the clinic?
"You didn't do it for me!" exclaimed John, echoing his voice in the living room and probably also downstairs.
-Why are you still in your pajamas? - Emma asked.
A second bottle appeared on the coffee table a short distance from his right arm, leading John to look up.
It was useless to pull it for any longer: he had come there, so now he had to deal with the problem and suffer the consequences that would come.
Sherlock frowned.
-No, God, no! I'm his best friend- John replied shaking his head, back to work on Daniel’s lip.
-I saw you slip into that disgusting little alley the night you met; I saw pictures of you two having dinner together right after and...-
Sally laughed.
John smiled happily.
John looked down on the grey t-shirt that covered Sherlock's chest, reflecting on the man's words: after all, it wasn't such an absurd idea, he would have found it romantic if it was someone else who proposed it. Moreover, what mattered most was what Sherlock had said between the lines of his speech, perhaps without even realizing it.
Sherlock and John stayed for a few more minutes to agree on John’s visit with the other homeless people and then greeted the couple and headed home.
-Goodnight Sherlock- he greeted him, and then turned his back on him.
"And what about you?" asked John, leaning slightly toward her.
For the umpteenth time, Sherlock found himself at a crossroads: a road would allow him to continue living his life as he had done up to that point, with the mere concession of a night of madness that he would remember for a lifetime, but which he would never talk about to avoid awkward moments for John.
I told my teacher about our visit to the museum and she praised me in front of the whole class; so I thought we could visit some other museum and Uncle John and I could teach you something else about "Doctor Who"- the little girl began.
A smoldering expression appeared on the doctor's face, leading him to clenched both hands, abandoned against his hips, carefully avoiding meeting Sherlock's gaze that he felt burning more than the others on himself.
The woman looked behind the red armchair on which John sat, clearly lost in her thoughts, and the doctor decided to remain silent and leave her time to recover.
I know it's a petty and selfish thing to say, but I can't...- he commented by interrupting again and taking a long sip from his own bottle, trying to control his own confused emotions.
-It looks like the stretching session is over... Now we’re sucking our fingers.
The blonde smiled.
You with your absurd experiments fundamental to the progress of science, me with my post-traumatic stress and my bad temper.
So why couldn't he be happy, put aside the past to rebuild that relationship that for years had been almost as important as the air he breathed?
-Oh, don’t look at me like that Johnny.
When that afternoon John had received a second link with Sherlock’s monogram as a signature, a small curiosity had accompanied the few seconds before and at the beginning of the song, and a little amused smile had appeared on his face as he  listened to it, to the point that he had not been able to resist writing a text on his phone.
-I'm going to sleep in my room and we're going to take one day at the time, like we've always done... Maybe if we're lucky, things will return to normal- he said, more serene now that he's found a plan for his future.
But by now it was too late: the dam had collapsed, crushing Baby Girl under the weight of reality.
But I had forgotten that you have no friends-commented John before abandoning his cup of tea and passing next the detective to enter the living room.
-How could you... You lied to me for years and you would have kept doing it if it wasn't for Irene and her tricks- John said, both hands clasped on the edge of the fireplace.
Mr. Watson allowed himself an additional moment to look at his son's face before stepping aside and letting him into the house.
The detective took the last puff from the cigarette and took another from his pocket.
"What happened instead?"
Would he really come back?
-Did I embarrass you? - he teased him.
"I have a new girlfriend" she announced suddenly.
"Stop it! “warned John once again, glaring at her to give more emphasis to his words.
-Years.
"Don't you dare!" he said with flaming eyes "I've spent three years of my life fighting to protect you, to keep Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade safe”
Daniel shook his head.
Could it be that John accepted Hamish so quickly, but he couldn't forgive him?
Mrs. Hudson nodded; her eyes slightly veiled with tears.
Sherlock glanced around to realize that Hamish was still in Mrs. Hudson's apartment and was aware that he would have to go and get the baby, allowing the old woman to retire, but the uncertainty as to how the evening would end made him motionless, still in the middle of the drawing-room.
The passenger of the A6 stood  up, slightly bending  his head to avoid colliding with the overhead bins  and with a single step of the long legs, climbed over the banker sitting by his side before  the man even  hinted at moving, stopping in the corridor just enough time to take his travel bag in to the compartment above.
Staring at the profile that was advancing towards him, John felt his body stiffen, unable to move, even to blink.
The moment the small body was placed against his, a warm heat seemed to envelop John, driving away those sad thoughts that had taken hold of his mind.
"What about you?"asked Sherlock, observing for a moment John’s hand now on the third button of his purple shirt before meeting John's eyes again- How many hearts have you broken in your life? -
-Well... Personally I would be against your "return to work" anyway, but as your doctor I exclude it: although I have not yet checked, I think you have at least a broken rib, your eye and lower lip are swollen, you have bruises and scratches on your face and your hands due to the fight.
Sherlock could not hold back the smile that had formed at the corners of his mouth: something of their shared life must have rubbed off on John.
Turning to the table, with a cup clenched in both hands, John smiled: Hamish had managed in the difficult task of conquering even the aloof Mycroft Holmes.
The sender did not surprise him in the slightest, rather he was staggered that Sherlock had waited so long to storm him again with his requests to return home.
For a few moments there was an incredulous silence in the room until Sherlock, who had never let go of John's gaze, bowed his lips into a mischievous smile.
"Well, then I'll let you know as soon as possible if there's anything new" John said before turning to Baby Girl- In the meantime you'll take your medication and at the first cramp or symptom that something's wrong, you'll send me to call.
He could say that the relationship with Sherlock was simple friendship, like the one with Greg and Jack, but he had never felt jealous of the two's conquests as when Irene had entered their lives, stealing the detective's attention.
You probably won't find a single man who wouldn't do the same in my place... Except Greg, of course, but I think it's because of your brother rather than a lack of interest.
-Of course! I own a nice house in Marble Arch... -started Jack.
If only Sherlock had been sincere...
A noise behind him let him know that Sherlock had moved from the farthest wall of the living room, approaching his father's armchair.
No matter how important an argument might seem or how convinced I was that I was right at the time, there was nothing that mattered more to me than your mother and you two-Mr. Watson answered sincere.
-About you? None.
-No, it's knowing that once I come home, I'm going to find someone waiting for me. I'm going to find you and Misha-John said with an affectionate voice.
Lying on his bed, John listened to that song several times, coming to imagine Sherlock's voice instead of the singer's, before interrupting the song, dropping his cell phone to the ground next to his bed and calling himself an idiot.
By jumping from that roof, Sherlock had destroyed all the dreams of a shared life once he retired to private life, the idea of the house in Devon where the detective would take care of his beloved bees and John would devote himself to writing.
John shook his head quickly, searching in his memory for the boy's name, when a light finally lit, and a name prevailed over everyone else.
But I think I figured it out after the pool.
It was now clear that his feelings for John had crossed the line of friendship, that he would do anything to prevent the man from going to clubs in search of the next shag.
For almost twenty minutes sitting in the small living room of the Watson's house, silence reigned.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes-
I'm sure I'd end up bored to death-
"Do you like it?" he asked, stroking the baby’s back, "I should start instructing you on the right kind of music to listen to, but you seem a little too young for rock and punk music- he added.
-Oh...-
He should have stopped when he was ahead, instead of ruining himself with his own hands again.
She was a Dominatrix and was the only human being to get Sherlock Holmes' attention beyond James Moriarty.
Taking him by surprise, Mycroft had chuckled at that question, then met his eyes.
Then there was The Fall.
-Before leaving the stand to someone else, I would like to thank my family once again.
"What happened before with Emma... - he said then, stroking his black hair.
What would leave John pleasantly impressed?
Mycroft Holmes.
-He needed a hobby after mom died. The choice was narrow: either chess or gardening- said the woman, opening the pantry and pulling out a box of chocolate Digestive.
"Well, it went well" Sherlock said.
-She died a few years ago, while I was still in Afghanistan, but not a day goes by without even thinking about her, especially now that I've become a father.
Sherlock had never forgiven him for that post because he had exposed some of his weaknesses and made him look "human" in the eyes of readers.
A man, in a dark suit, with a small earpiece in his right ear, one step behind from the woman, with a Blackberry in his right hand was instantly classified as the male version of Anthea... It was probably a custom of the Holmes family to have personal assistants.
John cleared his throat and searched for the right words to continue the speech.
The routine was the same as every Tuesday: he had woken up that morning with a  mild headache,  as a reminder of the previous night, which he had quickly driven away with a couple of  aspirins; he had dressed quickly and had come to work, ready to put his knowledge and gifts at the service of children with running noses and  elderly people whose real problem was loneliness.
-I like you.
-Dr. Watson- interrupted Sherlock firmly.
No one would have imagined that there was anything different about him.
Finally, he reflected on his long conversation with Jack, concluding that he needed to know he needed more information.
-The mere fact that you asked for my help is proof that you also think that’s a good idea.
With a fluid movement he got inside and closed the door.
Why were you punching kids? - Sherlock asked curiously.
-Sherlock…-
"How do you plan to provide for your needs and those of your little girl living on the streets of London?" he asked her in a calm tone.
In the brief silence that followed, Sherlock glanced at his mother, aware that the woman was watching everything carefully, looking for the possible connections between Sherlock and the two newcomers: should he do the introductions?
Despite this, however, he remained seated on the couch, his gaze fixed on the television.
Before he could decide, he heard the sound of the door opening above him and noisy steps on the stairs announcing John's arrival in the living room.
_______________________________
His name was Andrew Smith, forty-six years old and he was born in Cork- Greg informed him.
Baby Girl, however, avoided his eyes for a few moments, raising her head and looking for the reassuring presence of Boss who until then had stood by her in silence without ever meddling, aware of how important the conversation was.
The apartment was silent for almost two hours, allowing him to reflect for a long time on the situation, taking advantage of Hamish's long nap.
Sherlock nodded to him in return.
Do you want to know what really happen? Call John and ask him a few questions about Daniel, he'll give you all the information you want- Greg concluded, turning his back on him and heading down the hall leading to the front door.
-There must have been something in you that attracted him- Irene said, leading John to stiffen up- I'm here for Hamish: I wanted to make sure things were going well before I leave for good-
The annoyed look that Sherlock turned to him for those words, made the little smile that framed his lips disappear.
Not months-John corrected him in a choked voice, continuing to turn his back to Sherlock.
She told me dozens of stories of that kind, even managing to make me laugh...
Enjoy the new chapter!
-Mr. Watson- greeted Sherlock.
When he raised his head, he noticed that Sherlock's gaze was fixed on him, and for a long moment he let himself be caught by the man's gray eyes, before quickly turning away, embarrassed at being caught in the act.
He also knew his mother: she intended to talk to John and would make sure to have that conversation as soon as possible, even before lunch, although this could compromise the mood of the guests if something went wrong.
John had advised me to talk to you about it as soon as possible and I was desperately looking for the right words...-he quickly recounted before a serene smile stretched his lips.
His father met his gaze for a moment before moving it again on Hamish, walking down the corridor.
-She did not want to leave him alone.
Still, it couldn't be just his imagination, could it?
If you want to excuse me, now I really have to go: in your "justified" and absurd jealousy, you threw out back on the street a boy with two broken ribs and high risk of lung puncture and since I do not want to have his death on my conscience, I absolutely must find him- Greg said to him turning around again and taking the house keys from the little bowl where he had abandoned them just before.
) and the wrinkled and disgruntled expression, told him about what was stirring inside John and the feelings he felt towards him.
"Are you really sure that's what I want?" he asked in a whisper.
-That was a lie? -
"Are you having fun?" asked John before drinking a sip of his own coffee.
-I could never let that happen! I volunteer to drive you wherever you need to go" Jack said with a good-natured smile.
Don't leave anything out and don't omit anything-
-Lost... Completely lost- he said before taking a long breath to try to calm down- When Sherlock disappeared, my feelings were confused, so I couldn't explain why losing my best friend was so painful.
An incredulous expression appeared on John's face, leading him to forget his food as well and focus his all attention on Sherlock.
"I put a spell on you" by Nina Simone
-I love my son John.
Greg shrugged.
-I was thinking that Misha needs a room of his own.
"Oh, well then it's all sorted, let me pack my bag" the doctor replied caustic.
Who was Emma?
There was still doubt as to the identity of the man in the photo, but  he could not find the courage to ask the right question.
Those few words, or perhaps the tone of his voice, were enough to push Sherlock off the cliff: Sherlock stiffened, his face wonderful in its ecstasy, his internal muscles tightened around John a moment before Sherlock screamed his name in a broken voice and came over John’s hand and stomach.
At first, they were very reluctant, some barely remembered me, but it was enough to make your name and they calmed down.
"Of course, I'm not allowed to ask you what has tormented you these days" Mycroft said, stroking the inside of Greg’s fingers with his own.
"There was a time when you kept telling anyone who wanted to listen to you that you two weren't a couple" she recalled.
Silently John nodded and went into their bedroom to quickly change and retrieve his kit, checking that everything was there, before returning to the living room and approaching the sofa where Sherlock was busy with his mobile phone.
-The real question in this whole situation, though, is why you feel this sudden need to become a father-the detective asked to get his mind away from his silent cell phone.
-Surely you'll find Hamish asleep- Sherlock commented.
John pulled Sherlock’s hands away from his face, freeing himself from Sherlock's grasp.
Why didn't he know anything about it?
Because he is such a special person that only two other people in the world have the privilege of knowing him, and I am sure that with time I will scream that name with all the air I have in my lungs in the same way that I now scream Sherlock's name every time William will do something stupid or reckless- John concluded.
When he finally walked away from the wall covered with photographs, he sat in his armchair, crossed his legs, and placed his fingers just below his chin, in the usual position that helped him reflect, and got lost in his Mind Palace.
Sherlock's huge eyes stared at his face making him smile slightly.
-Damn it! It’s really fast. You seem to have horses galloping in there" Boss said, clearing his voice immediately afterward to hide his emotional reaction.
Greg rubbed his face with one hand and sighed.
As soon as they walked through the entrance of the Zoo, John found himself following the detective once again, vaguely wondering where they were going until they found themselves in front of the glass cages that constituted the "Gorilla Kingdom".
With the tail of his eye he noticed the movement of black curls in an affirmative gesture.
The tension in Sherlock's muscles increased, causing him to regret the last comment, but a slight annoyance caused by his previous thoughts did not leave him, almost feeling justified for those words that had clearly hurt the detective.
Jack was aware that they had to protect their friend from that cumbersome ghost that had materialized again in their lives.... No matter what.
After the baby would be here, Baby Girl would have been more reasonable, and she would have realized that she would never make it alone with a newborn girl on the streets of London.
Irene smiled slightly.
With an elegant gesture Mycroft opened the car door and went out into the street, walking slowly to the front door.
The British officer shook his head slightly, as if he had to recover from his partner's words before following him to their room where Gregory was throwing some clothes into the trolley in the middle of the bed.
Was he sincere? John wondered, soaping his hair.
"I know we've already had this conversation, but I just don't want them to be targeted or…" Sherlock added.
"You look like shit” Jack simply answered, before he brought the bottle to his lips.
"He just found a body, he wasn't attacked by a pack of wolves" said a deep, clearly annoyed voice.
-Oh John... You'd find yourself with your back on the ground in 30 seconds without even knowing what happened to you.
Was there a nicer word than that?
-Please tell me what you're thinking... - John asked her to break the silence that became every minute more oppressive.
-A few months later, Sherlock's brother told me that Irene had died, this time for real, and that for Sherlock’s sake we should lie to him and tell him that she was in the United States in the witness protection program.
-Eight minutes John! –
-Maybe at the last moment she got scared, she's only sixteen-years old- intruded Anderson.
Mycroft stooped still in the middle of the corridor and for the space of a second their glances met until Mycroft nodded before seeing Gregory disappear through the door of their apartment, wondering if he would ever see him return.
"Okay” he simply said.
"Was it an assault with the purpose of robbery?"the inspector asked.
John nodded.
Now, however, most of their outings were accompanied by Hamish's old monogramed blue bag crammed with snacks, water or milk bottles, wet wipes, and diapers (although Hope finally had got rid of that annoying and smelly accessory for almost six months now) and a change of clothes in case one of the children or both had an accident.
-Of course, it was a lie! I wasn't going anywhere, just a few miles away at the Rose and Crown... -
John had arrived while the detective was finishing his second whiskey.
"Will John be present at the press conference?" asked Mycroft.
-Mommy! What a beautiful...-he greeted her affable.
-Why don't you tell me what happened to you?- John asked, changing the subject.
-Sherlock is back, but he's not alone... He has a baby with him.
"I'm a consultant detective" he said, bending his knees to chest height.
That feeling had haunted him all morning, despite trying to get rid of it with some bad coffee and a couple of cigarettes.
Clearly surprised, the boy frowned.
Gregory gave him his number.
The doctor stared at him clearly surprised.
_______________________________
What else had done his idiot brother?
I bet there was a lot of cash and many credit cards in his wallet, and if it was a robbery, you wouldn’t have found any of it.
"It’s in very good condition" he said before looking back to the doctor.
It was precisely that tone that had so often framed him as a child: it was with that voice that she convinced him to tell her where he had hidden Mycroft's books or where he had built the nest for mysterious eggs that he had found the day before in the garden.
Considering the clothing, he must have spent the night in the apartment, but when Sherlock had returned from one of his stake-out, he had found no trace of the man’s presence, there had been no suspicious noise...
(See the end of the chapter for
"What did she want?" asked the other man.
For the second time in a few days, an unknown number sent a text to Sherlock Holmes' cell phone.
-W-What?- Sherlock asked him in an incredibly low and sexy voice that ignite a spark of desire in John's groin.
-I have always been in favor of research-
"What did Mycroft tell you about our father?" he asked.
Hamish looked perfectly at ease in his new position, one hand clawing around John sweater and the other on his right cheek, drool slowly falling from his parted lips down his chin.
"I don't know" he said, aware that Sherlock wouldn't understand a fraction of what was stirring inside him, even though he could see it clearly on his face and in the way his right hand was shaking or some other similar nonsense. -First Emma... Then Hamish.
It was a song he remembered from his teens, a group brought back to the fore thanks to a TV show, to which John had never paid much attention, but listening to the words of the singer, it was not difficult to understand why Sherlock had chosen it.
He observed the expressions of Gregory's face, catalogued the emotions that changed rapidly in the man's deep voice as the conversation went on, and, ultimately, recalled the looks his partner had cast on him and discovered them laden with disbelief, sadness, pain and anger.
Is it my presence that makes you so happy? -asked him trying in vain to hide a smile.
"Also, if we decide to keep it a secret, it would seem that we are ashamed of our feelings and never like this time I am sure of my decision" John concluded.
Satisfied, Sherlock rose from his armchair and made his way to the lectern, ready to put his plan into action.
Lady Violet stood a few moments in silence, before resting both hands on the table, her gaze on her son.
"Is everything all right?" he asked a little worried.
John lowered his head, nodding slowly, avoiding retorting.
-Why John?
John stood up as well and picked up Hamish, turning then to the kitchen where Sherlock had sat at the table with his laptop in front of himself and his cell phone in one hand.
The airfield at Heathrow Airport came up to him as if it wanted to swallow it.
__________________________________
Sherlock's hands slipped on John's solid chest and tightened around the man's waist, thus nullifying any distance between their bodies, while their lips were still engaged in a frantic dance: lips, teeth and tongues, every means was acceptable to discover every little secret of the other man.
Greg shook his head, happy to have hidden his car in the parking lot not far away.
-What about dinner?- Sherlock then mumbled.
Long story short, the Army did finance my studies and internship and in return I joined the Army and once I graduated, I offered my medical skills as a military doctor.
If we had followed that rule, Hamish would not be part of our lives now, but we chose to raise it together.
He wanted to scream, throw the intruder out of the house, repeating once again that he didn't want anything to do with him anymore, but he knew it would be useless.
But Sherlock could not avoid lingering with his mind towards a forbidden thought, which had repeatedly been tickled by Mycroft and Lestrade: would they be able to evolve their relationship, or would they be content with the newfound friendship?
The man clasped his abandoned hands along his hips in fists, trying to control the anger towards the woman and himself: could it be so easy for anyone to interpret his every move?
Within twenty-four hours since they first met, John had carved out a place in his life, perfectly adapting to his work, his needs, his quirks and later even the severed parts in the fridge (
After all, I too live here- Mycroft answered him while a long and elegant hand closed the file on his knees.
Instantly aware of his presence, the British official looked up and stared at him for a few moments, reading every little emotion on his face, before a smile of circumstance stretched out his thin lips.
