“So, looks pretty cut and dry. I guess there used to be a few wolves there that got cleared out a while back by few other hunters, but one must have slipped through because hearts started being ripped out last week. Two vics so far, and a lead on where to look.”
“What makes you think I’m a chicken-shit?” Dean scoffed, clearly affronted.
“I’m sorry,” he said, turning to stand, “I’ll leave you.”
Cas looked at Dean, his eyes shining, “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean took a step back, running his hands through his hair, and I swear I could see the cogs in his brain working overtime.
Dean looked up at the bunker ceiling, his mouth pukering, eyes squinting as he looked for the right answer. Half of him thought, how the fuck should I know, but the other half wanted to say the right thing.
“Uh,” Claire’s eye’s went wide, “I really don’t know what the fuck you’re asking here Dean.”
“Yes, I am.”
“Yeah,” he replied, feeling the angel’s breath against his neck.
Dean turned around at that, clearly amused at Cas’s attempt at flirting, “Is that right?”
I responded by pulling his hips forward off the counter, and he landed with both hands on my shoulders. We stood there a few more minutes trying to break away long enough to walk the short distance to the bunkers bedrooms.
Cas decided to go to bed, he stood up saying goodnight to Dean as he padded off toward his room. Something new settled inside him that night, something akin to disappointment but with sharper edges. He thought about their conversation as he lay in bed, waiting for sleep to overwhelm him, but his mind kept flicking back to his revelation. He supposed to humans this sort of thing would be more significant, but he was an angel — or at least an ex-angel — so it made no sense to him why people would fixate on sexuality so much. Cas felt that love and consent should be the deciding factors in these types of decisions, not genitalia. He wished he could explain it to Dean, but the conversation had made him so uncomfortable. Cas did not want that.
“Oh,” Cas, nodded, “I would like to have sex, very much, my disinclination was toward women.”
“I was just trying to gain some perspective. Dean seems to be fairly practiced in intercourse…”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replied looking up at the hunter.
“Thanks,” Dean said, laughing in spite of himself.
Dean felt a prickling at the base of his spine and he knew Sam was gearing up for a ‘big talk’. He gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles were white and gave Sam his most vicious look. Sam registered the look but was determined and so was undeterred by Dean’s bravado. He wanted to have this conversation not only for Dean, his repressed as hell brother, but also for Cas, who deserved better.
“Yeah man,” Dean reached around me and opened the door ushering me inside. “What’s up?” He said his eyes sparkling as he took another sip of beer.
It was Cas who broke it first, “Pie?” He asked Dean, confusion in his voice and his pupils wide with lust.
“Hey,” he said, not quite meeting Cas’s eyes, “you mind if we just bunk separately tonight? I really need some sleep.”
“She decided to stay,” he smiled at Dean, “Figured we could handle one wolf.”
Dean hopped off the bed, a bright flush covering his cheeks, he tapped on Eileen’s shoulder and got her attention before speaking, “No problem, what can we do for you?”
There was an open venerability in Cas’s expression that made Dean’s heart begin to pound. He knew that this angel was in love with him, but what he did not know was how he could ever manage to deserve that love.
His face must have registered that doubt, because Cas leaned forward his head tilted adorably to the side.
Cas was literally in the same place that he was, he was just a few doors down. Dean pictured him, reading at his desk still wearing his sweatpants, and he swallowed against the image, wondering what he was doing. He was running hot and cold on Cas, unable to declare what he wanted because it got stuck in his throat when he tried to imagine it. He stood abruptly, closing the browser on his phone and putting it in his pocket. A few moments later he was knocking softly on Cas’s door, trying his hardest to breathe evenly.
“Oh yeah,” he scoffed, standing and removing his jacket, “Then why didn’t you ride out here with us?”
“Well, I’ll take that as a yes,” she said, a flush running up her neck from the kiss and the alcohol.
PB&Js
Dean stopped short when he entered the kitchen. Cas had his back to him. Setting something down on the table. Across the kitchen it looked like a bomb had gone off. There was water still boiling in an otherwise empty pot, cans spilling slimy liquid onto the counter, and red sauce drying on top of the stove. Cas heard Dean sigh and turned around. Dean no longer noticed the kitchen. Cas was wearing a black t-shirt and snug cuffed jeans. Dean’s cheeks turned to flames when he realized they were his clothes, and damn if he did not love the idea of Cas in his clothes.
Dean let out a little laugh, shifting uncomfortably, “Nah, man, I was kidding. I think he’s just in his room, he’s been sleeping a lot, and researching… the trials, they… well they really took it out of him.”
Cas just nodded and set on his bed.
Cas did not think that had gone very well.
Dean looked around, “Where’s your girl?”
“Exactly!” Sam’s relief at my understanding was palpable.
“...but it makes you uncomfortable,” Cas interrupted.
Dean actually looked sympathetic at this, and before Cas could react, he sat back down on the couch where he had been and turned the TV on again. He pulled the blanket back up and over them and put on another program. He did not say a word, but they stayed like that for hours, close.
“I got you,” he said pulling him close again, “I’ve got you.”
Dean could feel the blood rising in this neck and his cheeks were hot with embarrassment, “It wasn’t like that… nothing... basically nothing happened.”
“I…” Cas hesitated, unsure if honesty would make Dean want to flee, “I guess I just liked being close to you… physically.”
It was another ten minutes before Dean entered the cave again. Cas’s eyes shot toward him like magnets as soon as he passed the threshold, and Dean sensed the worry in them. So, he took a deep breath before walking and taking a seat in the chair next to Cas, the same chair he had avoided when the first entered the room. As soon as he sat down he sighed, taking Cas’s hand. Then without warning the angel, he covered his mouth with a kiss, it did not burn but it simmered and Dean knew that Cas was slowly melting under his touch. When he pulled away he could feel four sets of eyes on him and he distinctly heard a little “aww” slip from Kaia, but he did not look at any of them. Instead, he pressed himself further down in his chair and watched the movie.
Claire observed him quietly for a moment, her eye’s narrowing.
“Yeah… okay,” Sam said as Dean walked past him in a huff, “twenty then.”
“Because you don’t?”
Sam pulled his phone out of his pocket and opened the app, replying, “Where do people learn anything these days? Youtube.”
Before Dean could explain, Cas was barreling toward him and burying him a kiss. Somewhere Dean could hear the faint sound of laughter, maybe Sams, he was not sure. His mind had gone blank because he was being kissed like the chuck-damned world was about to end again. He meant to lean away, he really did, but instead his hands were around Cas’s shoulders and he was being pulled to his feet. Cas pulled away a few seconds, minutes, maybe weeks later, Dean could not be sure, and they just stood there, staring.
“The Dr. Sexy character is very attractive,” Cas said absentmindedly before biting into his burrito.
I knocked on the door, suddenly overwhelmed by my body's sensations. My palms were slick with sweat and my heart was pounding so fiercely that I felt light-headed. I thought that maybe I should have eaten before coming, but after Sam had practically forced a glass of water down my throat I could not imagine eating anything. My stomach rolled over and over again, and I was grateful it was empty. After a moment more, I started to knock again.
Dean lip quirked up at the corner, “Yeah? Well you’ve got a lot to learn about hunting.”
Dean smiled and went back to sandwich building as he answered, “Uh, yeah, that’s always a good place to start.”
“I wanted to let you know the deal is off,” I said, my eyes dropping to the bunker’s concrete floor, “the empty cannot take me anymore.”
Sam thought for a moment then asked, “Would you come with us?”
“Okay. Yeah… good talk,” he said quickly rising and clearing away our plates. I stood as well as was about to suggest we watch a movie when I was suddenly in his arms. His lips were moving against mine and I felt so human for a moment that I could not respond. My brain and body were screaming for me to move but I was too busy screaming back I AM KISSING DEAN WINCHESTER, to make my muscles react.
Dean saw Cas’s face fall for just a moment when he did not answer right quickly, so he quickly speared three more noodles and popped them into this mouth. Exaggerated yummy noises spilled from Dean and Cas looked on with delight at the hunters clear appreciation.
Cas shook off his coat and laid it across the back of Dean’s chair, “Yes, I can understand how kissing your lover could distract you from all else.”
“What?” Dean said, confused, “Why?”
Cas looked immediately hurt, “Oh, I… you do not consider us friends?”
He waited a moment until Dean’s face seemed to turn back to its normal tanned-honey color before speaking again, “I am sorry, you know. I don’t mean to annoy you, I guess I’m just not a very good human, yet.”
“I guess I’ll go to bed,” Dean said looking down at Cas.
Hunger
The kind that presses into skin,
After another hour of crap TV they decided to go to sleep so they could hit the road back to the bunker first thing in the morning. They brushed their teeth in silence, and Cas tried very hard not to notice how Dean’s sweatpants clung to him after his shower, how his wet hair dripped down his neck, or how his mouth looked wet after he brushed his teeth. He tried not to notice a lot of things. They were both tired after the fight and as they walked toward the bed Cas stumbled over Dean’s shoe which he had kicked off in the middle of the floor earlier Cas pivoted and caught himself against Dean’s shoulder. Dean’s reflexes were excellent and he caught Cas so that he was flat against his chest, their faces inches away. They both stood there a moment, Cas unable to look away from Dean’s eyes which if he was not mistaken were looking at his mouth. After a few moments Dean gently pushed Cas backward.
Hearing the slur in her voice, watching as she went in and out of focus, and thinking about the tobacco on her breath, Dean felt his interest wein. Suddenly the mystique was shattered, the illusion gone. No one liked a quick fuck with a hot stranger more than Dean Winchester, but he was too drunk and felt too broken. If he were twenty he would take her in the bathroom stall and have all kinds of fun, but at forty-two, he just felt tired.
“Okay,” Dean pretended not to notice the awkwardness in the air that was blooming between them, “Okay, then see you in the morning.”
“Yay, I get to have like two moms and three weird dad’s this weekend,” she grimaced, “what fun.”
It is calm, the sea, but there is no land, no hope.
Eventually, Cas opened the door, and Dean felt like he was melting at the image before him: angel of the lord with bedhead.
“Sam collected my grace, I am human.”
“What?” Sam said, turning a bit in his seat, “You guys spent the night together, right? Just figured you may be starting something.”
He was interrupted by a buzzing sound, and before Dean had time to react to Sam’s concerns, Sam was picking up his phone and walking out of the kitchen.
“Oh yeah,” Sam almost laughed, knowing how that must have gone over, “like what?”
Cas felt as hurt as if Dean had slashed him with his angel blade, “How can you say that? I saved you because I love you Dean.”
I heard his footsteps before I saw him. I don’t know who reached for who, but suddenly I was in his arms and it was home. I wished I could tell him right then, I wanted to tell him, but I felt that sickly black ooze wrap around my heart and I knew that I could not. I told him I heard his prayer and he looked at me for a moment like I was something special to him, like I mattered, and I broke like a china on a concrete floor. I think some of me got scattered in Purgatory. I think I left some of myself in that dark space, that in between. It was the only place I thought maybe he could love me back, maybe. When we got back to the bunker, on the other side, I knew it was something I could never have. Dean belonged to the world, he was not mine to keep.
He took Cas’s phone and placed it on the table and then he grabbed his hand, pulling him flush against his chest, pressing his forehead to the angel’s. He pulled back after a few seconds, and thrilled at the little sigh that escaped the Cas’s lips. Then he unlaced their fingers and pulled Cas’s face to his, kissing him deeply the way he had always secretly wanted to. The friction between them was so strong, Dean thought it might break him apart at first, but when Cas parted his lips and Dean felt the slick wetness of his tongue collide with his own, he knew he had already been broken. Cas grabbed the back of Dean’s shirt with one hand and pushed his fingers through his hair with the other. The kiss built and built, until they were both moving and breathing so frantically that neither of them were sure how they would ever escape it. Dean felt himself moving backwards as Cas pushed him gently so that his back was against the wall. He pressed his body into Dean’s and he felt Cas hard against his thigh. Dean thought a thousand wicked thoughts at once, and he knew that he was not ready for most of them, but the way Cas was biting at his lip and brushing his fingers against the exposed skin at his back, Dean knew he could get some of what he wanted.
“Good morning,” Cas replied glad to see Sam out of his room, “you look well.”
“Listen wings,” Dean spat back with twice as much venom, “I can take care of myself.”
Tessa leaned in, her hot breath rustling against his ear, “You want to get out of here baby?”
Cas was confused, he did not understand why this would upset Dean, “Would you like me to stop?”
Once they let go of one another, though, the other shoe dropped. Cas’s last words to Dean before he had been taken hung between them like an anvil, perched and ready to drop. Dean kept finding himself trailing off in the middle of sentences anytime Cas walked into the room. Whenever Cas said good morning he heard, “I love you,” when asked him about some trivial thing or another he heard, “I cared about the whole world because of you.” Dean knew he wanted more with Cas, too, but he needed it to be slow. He needed to ease himself into it like hot bath water. Until that very morning Dean had not been sure what to do. He had walked out of his room half awake and almost slammed directly into Cas. They both grumbled, and Dean had his fists twisted in Cas’s trench coat. The steadied themselves both trying to speak at once as the color rose in Dean’s cheeks.
“Sit down, Cas,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed and gesturing for me to sit at his desk.
That is when Sam came running in, breathless, “What…” he began but stopped when he saw Dean, the ultimate pillar of strength hunched over the Cas, gripping the angel so hard it would have left marks on mortal skin.
“Y-yes,” I felt uneasy, wishing Sam and Dean were with me.
“Ha,” Dean let out a laugh, “thanks Cas, but I don’t think I can eat this in one sitting.”
Finally, he asked it, the question I knew I had to answer, “What do you mean you won’t be free? What did you do, Cas?”
Cas looked up at the ceiling, and sighed, “It is difficult, because I wanted to be close to you. I wanted to earn back your trust, so I was glad, but I could not really be happy about it Dean. I wanted more, and so while I was content, no… I did not like it.”
Cas considered it, “No, Dean gave me that mixtape of his favorite Zeppelin traxs. I do not want to simply copy his gesture.”
Cas’s eyes fluttered and he turned over, practically burrowing into Dean’s chest, throwing his arm loosely over him.
“Alright man,” he said, “I know you like to get freaky with ladies like April who want to stab you, but hows about we find you somebody who lets you carry the angel blade.”
Dean hoped his lie was convincing, but he grabbed a piece of bread and slathered it with butter. Buttered bread, he thought, would probably chase away whatever he was about to taste.
“What does it look like,” Dean said, quickly unbuttoning the rest of Cas’s shirt and slipping his hands over his bare waist.
Dean’s head was truly spinning now, he was drunk, he was busted open, he was in pain, and Castiel was so good. He loved him so much, the way Dean had always wanted to be loved. Without knowing why, without really thinking, he moved forward quickly, his eyes closed and pressed his lips to Cas’s. It was too fast, too off-center, and too sloppy, but when he pulled back the look on the angel's face tore him open in an entirely new way.
“Yes to the pizza!” Dean replied, “And yes to the movie.”
“Yeah… should be quick,” he replied.
Cas was annoyed that Dean had called it voodoo, his grace was pure, it was a universal force, not simple human magic, but he still reached out and touched his fingers to Dean's head. He cleared his body of any trace of alcohol, purifying his blood. When he pulled his hand away, he saw that Dean’s eyes were no longer glassy.
There was a sound like a tuning fork and then I heard it, Dean’s voice in my head. Dean was praying.
The answering smile on Cas’s face made Dean weak. It softened the edges of the moment and pressed him forward. That smile was the reason Dean leaned across the table, closing the distance between them. It was the reason he felt brave enough to press his lips lightly against Castiel’s. It was just a moment of contact, and it was much more chaste than Dean had imagined, but a feeling of want spiraled through him like smoke as he pulled away. They both felt their lips burn from the kiss, and Dean’s heart beat out an unsteady rhythm beneath his t-shirt. Cas looked bewildered, and it was so gorgeous that Dean almost leaned back toward him, but instead he flattened himself in his seat and took another sip of beer, suddenly jittery.
I loved him, too.
The movie ended and Dean let the credits roll all the way to the end, he was quickly becoming addicted to the feel of Cas’s soft hand against his calloused one, and he did not want to separate their interlocking fingers. The most incredible part was that the ulcer in his stomach stayed quiet, it was normally a loud and angry thing that burned and screamed, but it was silent. Dean could not help the words that escaped him, he felt almost euphoric.
Cas did not need to be asked, twice, he pulled the hunter toward him by the collar and kissed him slowly but firmly. Dean pressed into him, his thigh between Cas’s legs, and deepened the kiss until Cas was panting against his lips. Dean started to unbutton Cas’s dress shirt when Cas caught him by the wrist.
“Okay.”
Cas immediately went to turn off the burner while Dean walked toward the table. The kitchen smelled like something Dean could not quite place, not bad just not food. Looking down at the bowl on the table dean’s stomach lurched. It resembled some sort of thin red soup with small chunks of vegetables and greasy meat floating in it, and he could swear that was cheddar cheese on top. Dean sat down, eyeing the bowl warily, before Cas came to join him uncapping a beer and setting it before Dean.
Dean looked over and Cas was giving him that look, that fond and loving look that melted him. He smiled and winked and then tucked into his biscuits and gravy. Step two, done.
Sam was watching Cas, and angel of the lord, unravel before him. If it was not so sweet, it would have been hysterical. As it was, he really did want to help, so he thought for a moment.
We were speaking, at least, and for that I was grateful. I watched the gentle fall of his shoulders with every breath. He had not bothered to change from his flannel shirt and mud-stained jeans. I would have liked to undress him to make him more comfortable. I would have liked to place him beneath the sheets and stroke the dampness from his brow, but he would not let me. He would brush my hands away, and I would not trespass further. It is a gift that he let me stay at all. I would not bargain for more.
“Yeah,” Dean said, catching a thread, “and there is that… my life feels like a story someone told me now. How is any of it real if so little of it was in my actual control. I’m basically middle-aged now, and I have no idea what I’m supposed to do.”
At hearing his full name, the angel pressed harder into Dean, his lips wild and feral against him. Dean could not help the groan that escaped. He slid his hands under Cas’s layers of trench coat and jacket until his hands pressed firmly against his waist. Dean wanted so much more but he was drowning in the feel of Cas; the weight of his arms, the firmness of his chest, and the angelic strength that corded through his muscles.
Dean picked a leaf from his tooth and realized what it was, cilantro.
“Cas,” he said, and I opened my eyes to see the younger Winchester before me, his brow knitted together in concern, “you good man?”
“You were… pacing? Outside my room?” Dean felt his face go even hotter.
When he woke up, he could hear Cas softly breathing beside him. It was a rush that he was not sure he would ever get used to, and he bit down the urge to feel strange about it. At some point in the night, Cas had turned over, and Dean was now staring at the back of his neck. He wondered to himself how just the back of someone’s neck could be so inviting as he fought the urge to nuzzle against it. For a man in his forties, Dean still had excellent blood flow and he felt it rush south so he took a few deep breaths. He hated feeling like an amped up teenager, but there was something about waking up next to Cas, that was so new and exciting that his skin ached to press against him. He thought about the article he had read the night before, and he imagined what it would be like to wake up like this for the rest of his life. In the darkness of the bunker, with only the dim light of the wall plug in shining in the far corner, Dean let himself imagine it.
“Yeah, babe,” he smiled, laying it on thick now, “I did.”
Dean wanted to interject, but his mouth was still so dry, he took a sip of whiskey but it was too late, Jack was already speaking.
“You presume to tell me what I do and do not know. I watched the world form, I have seen the edge of the universe, and I stitched you back together. I know exactly what I mean. You are simply refusing to hear me,” Cas stood now, suddenly angry, suddenly an angel, “I know who you are, and I gave up my life for you. So, do me a favor and just stop trying so hard to die.”
“How are you this morning?” Dean asked, setting his cup down.
It felt a little strange to sit on the couch together, but all the rules seemed to be changing by the minute and they were both just adjusting as they went. Dean had Tombstone already paused on the opening credit and pressed play when Cas sat down. In reality, Cas had no interest in watching this movie again, but he would not complain. Also, he doubted whether he could focus on anything in a new film while he and Dean sat so unusually close, their knees nearly touching.
Cas sighed, “I wanted to make you something because you proposed the date. I wanted tonight to be more significant since we already have been to dinners and watched movies and done many of the traditional first date activities.”
“Come on,” he grabbed the angel’s hand, “bedroom.”
Sam stood in the doorway, not sure where to look, until Cas broke the silence that even he knew was awkward
“Well, no,” Cas was baffled that Sam could not seem to grasp the simplest concept, “it said it was for special occasions but Dean and I are not exactly unfamiliar with each other. I need to make sure this occasion is very special. This magazine seems to be completely devoted to making men happy, female orgasms, and unrealistic body standards. I don’t have a female vessel, but I can make something for Dean. Not that he minds my vessel I’ve actually caught him several times noticing my…”
“Sammy is busy, probably styling his hair,” Dean quipped when Cas inquired after him.
Dean saw the look on Sam’s face before it registered, second-hand embarrassment.
Dean looked at Cas indignantly, “No! You were ripe for the picking, Cas. No seduction necessary.”
Dean chuckled a little, suddenly flashing back to puberty, then it hit him, “Think about Chuck.”
Dean felt his face go hot again, “Cas, you didn't need to do anything. I mean, I appreciate it, but I just want to spend time with you.”
There was something so earnest in Cas’s words that Dean could not scoff at then, or sarcastically quip, he could not even pretend to be modest or off-put, he could only take breath after shallow breath as his pulse quickened. He was not in control, he felt a lovely warmth spreading over his chest, and he could not stop from stepping toward Cas so that their chests were actually touching. Dean loved the way Cas looked in this moment, his eyes closed and lips parted the moment they came into contact, like a needy confession written all over his face. He took a shaky breath, leaning forward.
“You, uh…” Dean began, “You’re a good looking guy too, Cas”
Not finding what he was looking for he made the search more specific, ‘coming out bisexual in your 40s’. An article popped up, and Dean clicked on it, still unsure exactly what he was looking for. The article was written by a man around his age, he was married and had an apple pie sort of life, however he was bisexual. He had had limited encounters with men in his youth but had written it off as experimentation. When he married his wife, he felt like it just made sense. However, the man’s wife had died and he had started to date again. After going out with a few women, he decided to open up his dating profile to see if he could possibly have a relationship with a man.
“Dean,” Cas said in a breathy voice, “I cannot believe this is happening. I love touching you.”
“No!” Dean was a little too hasty, but recovered himself quickly, “I just want to talk.”
Then he kissed her. Her lips were soft, but her mouth tasted like an ash-tray. Dean tried to think about what was on the surface — soft lips, hot breath, the hand trailing up his thigh — tried to push everything else down and just feel, but his head was beginning to pound and he pulled away.
Confused, Dean stood and took a few paces toward Cas, “What?”
“Oh,” Cas put another piece together, “and the tape you made me…the Zepp tape, Sam said that was a romantic gesture?”
Dean looked at his feet and rubbed the back of his neck, “It’s fine, it's cool man. Listen, I have groceries in the car.”
“So, do you find the idea enjoyable?”
Dean must have seen my anger because his face went soft, “woah man, calm down. I am good. My dad did a shit job, but he also was half mad with grief. I forgive him because I have to. I have to so I don’t carry that same grief with me.”
“Not much to tell there,” he lied.
He knew the lists were fairly inane, but it kept him occupied when he was trying to fall asleep at night. That was when he tried very hard not to think about heaven. Other times, he thought of Dean, he would make lists of all the qualities he liked about him and what he hoped to emulate now that he was human. Those lists were endless, but sometimes pointless as Cas could not change the color of his eyes, his jawline, or the sound of his own voice. He would settle for learning what he could from Dean instead, as he knew he would be a good teacher.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Well,” he said, “I guess afternoon coffee it is.”
“I like her,” Dean said, winking at Sam.
Castiel took another bite of the sandwich that Dean had made him. It had Turkey and some sort of cheese and mustard, and while he thought it tasted good, he still preferred peanut butter and jelly. Dean handed him a glass of water and Cas downed it, realizing that he had still not gotten used to drinking regularly.
Cas’s eyes went wide, but he stood up from the chair where he sat and moved to the couch beside Dean. As soon as he sat down, Dean Sat the blanket back down over both of their legs and looked back toward the tv. The couch was old and worn and as time went on their weight pressed the cushions so that they were both sort of smooshed in the middle with their thighs and arms pressed together. Due to this, Cas could not have listened to the movie if he wanted to because he was so preoccupied with the feel of Dean’s bicep against his own, and the way the hunter seemed to radiate heat.
It had only been a week since we had stopped Jack from becoming a bomb for Billie, but there was no plan B. I had my child, and he had his soul, but it was only a matter of time before Chuck came to claim us all just for the fun of it, just to get his ending. It was not a win.
Dean nearly choked, “What? I was not!”
Dean finally found his voice, shouting, “I don’t love Cas!”
Sam, of course, picked up on Cas’s expression “Everything good? Did you guys get into another stupid fight?”
“No, Dean!” I heard my voice but it didn’t even feel like I was speaking. It was almost like being in my true form. My vessel was speaking words but I felt outside myself, like I was watching this scene play out from miles above.
“Hello, Dear,” Amara’s mouth perked up on one side and she gestured for Dean to join Jack and Sam who were already seated at the table. I chose to remain standing; even a fallen angel of the garrison does not sit easily in her presence.
Fragile human bodies
Cas understood, “I see. Sexual orientation is a repressive standard which requires humans to choose between genders and declare a preference. I just assumed you did not live by that standard, you tend to rebel against rules.”
Dean laughed his eyes crinkling at the edges, “Huh, actually love can get crazier than that.”
“Why?”
“What?”
Dean practically inhaled the whiskey he had just poured himself, suddenly wishing Sammy were here to field these questions, “Uh… no, that’s not what real love is like. That was obsession, not love.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “My problem is you. You are living like we are still fighting the forces of heaven and hell. I see how you live Dean, you are unhappy and you're rude, and you hurt the people around you. Why won’t you even try to be happy. I gave my life for that you know.”
“Very good.”
“You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” was what he had said the first time they met, he had realized it almost immediately. He knew that Dean hated himself, blamed himself, and felt himself to be a weapon: Daddy’s blunt instrument, Michael’s sword, Chuck’s ultimate killer. Yet, Cas loved him anyway. Dean had never felt less worthy of anything.
“Okay,” she said, her eyes twinkling mischievously, and her smile spreading into beautiful supernova territory, “I’ll leave you two alone, and text when we get back. Probably about twenty minutes.”
Eventually, Cas was able to convince Dean to get some sleep, he helped the hunter take off his boots and jacket, and pulled the covers around him. There was no weakness in Dean, no frailty in him either. There was only a sadness that went so deep it permeated the marrow in his bones. Cas wished he could cleanse him of this sadness as he had of the alcohol, instead he watched over his hunter through the night, and tried to love him just a little bit less, because he thought it might kill him to love him more.
They had both cleaned up quickly and gorged on the leftover pizza before taking their place on the rug in front of Dean’s big screen. Claire had baulked at the choice of Lord of the Rings, claiming it was a boring Dad movie, but as soon as Cate Blanchett’s voice flooded the speakers, her eyes were glued to the screen. Dean found himself watching the two young women, Claire spread out with her back against the edge of the couch, and Kaia laying on her side, her dark hair splayed across Claire’s lap. They were so young that it did not occur to them to hide their feelings, and Dean felt envious of youth. He wondered what it would have been like if he had met Cas when they were young, and when Cas was human. Would he have felt more open, or was it just as likely that the fear that kept him planted in a chair on the opposite side of the room would have been just as present even in another reality.
Cas looked up and he was so warm and disheveled that Dean felt like it was practically pornographic. He leaned down and kissed him, letting his eyes flutter shut. Cas sighed in deep satisfaction as they pulled apart and Dean felt that rush of blood again.
Dean felt his knees going weak beneath him, and he pressed his free hand to Cas’s shoulder. His insides were churning, and he felt like he might be sick, and he absolutely refused to be sick. Sucking in a large breath of fresh air he found his feet.
“Sam thought you might protest my coming on a small hunt, and I agreed. You are very stubborn.”
Dean nearly choked on air.
“Dean,” Cas had said, his hands up, “It’s me, Jack brought me back.”
Sam bent down and kissed her, his eyes closing, and Dean grabbed Cas by the coat sleeve and dragged him back toward his room.
Once again Dean’s face turned red, and he turned his eyes upward, away from Cas.
“Ask you what?”
“Not a bad start,” Dean shot Sammy a confident look, they had taken on a lot more with a lot less to go on.
Sam took a deep breath knowing there was one more thing he needed to say, “I know Dad said some shit to you, and I remember how he used to talk, but dad was wrong.”
“Oh,” Cas said, taken aback, he felt like Dean’s words were twisted up into a pretzel, “I don’t think I understand.”
“Fuck,” Dean said outloud without realizing it.
“Dean is sleeping,” Cas said quietly.
Dean looked at me, his eyes unreadable, and I knew I had to continue. I could not stop.
Dean sighed, wiping his eye with the back of his hands, “Listen, some things are personal. Like… it’s cool with me that you’re gay, but not everyone is… okay with that.”
Cas nodded, “Yes, you should rest.”
“No,” Dean said, stopping me, his hands out in a defensive way, “please stay there. I want to tell you some shit, and I just need you to stay sitting right there.”
Cas followed Dean to the war room and pointed at the large table in the middle, “Sit here.”
Dean noticed and he pulled away suddenly, his face a mask of disappointment and I thought, ‘shit, shit, shit’.
“Hello, Castiel,”
Dean pressed his lips to Cas’s hair and pictured the life that he imagined with him. Letting that fuel him, he laid his cheek against the angel’s head, “Hey Sunshine, you know I love you, too, right?”
“No, I… I’m sorry,” Dean willed himself to make this right, but he did not know where to start.
“Sam, I have concerns about Dean hunting right now.”
He found that he liked the Winchester's new home, even if it was a bit cold. It was well stocked with food and supplies, and there were so many books. Reading was something he enjoyed more as a human. Many things were extremely irritating, but reading was calming. He had started compiling a mental list of all human activities he liked/disliked.
“Yes, I was hoping to speak to you,” Cas began, “I sense things are awkward between us and it is difficult for me. I want you to know that I have no expectations of you. I am your friend Dean. That is enough.”
Castiel felt frustration beyond his normal, steady frustration with Dean. After all, this was Dean who said ‘I’m fine’, this was Dean who used violence and alcohol as bandages, this was Dean who walked away from love because he could not stand himself. Cas was not sure why he was pushing, and he knew he was pushing Dean. He wanted to know, wanted to understand, and outside of reaching into his mind, this was the best he could do. So he pushed.
“Okay,” Cas obeyed, confused by what he was supposed to be observing.
“I am so good, Cas,” he said, a smile breaking from his lips despite himself.
Cas loosened his grip and nodded. They walked into the bunker silently and Cas followed Dean into the kitchen where he hoped the hunter would make a pot of coffee. Instead, he poured himself a large glass of water, downing it quickly before filling the glass with bourbon.
“No… well, yes, I did, but I’m fine,” he tried to lie.
“Uh, first off,” Sam shook his head, “calling me Samantha stopped working about a decade ago, get a new schtick. Secondly, I have been an unwilling third wheel of your relationship with Cas for a long time. Thirdly, Eileen told me she caught you two making out.”
Sam thought he should probably walk away, he knew Dean would not want him to see this, but he found himself stuck in place. Sam did not need to know why Dean was crying, or why he was falling apart, he was just weirdly grateful for it. No one buried things deeper than Dean. Dean who had taught him to lie about how you felt, bury everything with a drink, and Dean who had stuck around to bear his father’s abuse until the bitter end. Sam had opened up to Eileen, and he had spent time in her arms, letting himself feel everything he had been taught not to feel, but he knew that compared to his brother, he was the poster boy for mental health. Cas finally looked up, and Sam simply nodded before turning and closing the door behind him.
Eventually, the movie was over and Dean stood up. To Cas, the absence of his touch felt like a loss and his heart ached from it.
Dean took a swig of his fresh drink, “You sure? You look like hell.”
Sam let out a quick laugh, and Cas smiled his eyes softening at Claire.
“I doubt that very much,” she said, “but I guess you’re the strong but silent type.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas said, smiling tightly, clearly attempting to hide his disappointment.
“No,” Cas answered, realization hitting him, “Oh! I supposed I should turn off the heat.”
“I made a deal,” I started how I meant to go on, there was no point in drawing it out, “when Jack died, the empty wanted him, I made a deal they would take me instead. They agreed, but… well the empty holds a grudge and so it told me it would wait to take me only when...only when I’m truly happy.”
“Why do you like these Western films Dean?” Cas asked.
Dean was backing away, tripping a little over his feet.
Dean sighed, “It’s nothing… um… I’m good. I’m great. You seem good. You and Kaia. You seem good.”
For the second time in two days Dean felt tears at the back of his throat. They were choking him, and a few had already begun to fall, unrestrained. He wanted to hit Cas, he could not help it: he wanted to shove him or punch him, or stab at him. He was saying things out loud that Dean had spent almost thirty years careful and purposefully not saying. The back of his t-shirt became slick with sweat, and he felt he might be sick. Cas had seen all of it, he had seen the worst. It was a memory that he buried so thoroughly that it never surfaced, and if it did he smashed it back down with any vice he could find. It had been when Sammy left, when he walked away the second time, and even Cas was not there for him. He found himself in a little dinky bar outside Omaha, and he was pounding back drinks so quickly that the edges of the room were going black. Then there was a man, he was probably ten years older than Dean, but still good looking, and he was staring him down like fresh fries under a heat lamp. Dean knew the look, and though he tried to look away, the alcohol decided differently. The bar was dark, but there were plenty of patrons. No one noticed when the drunk young hunter tilted himself forward off his bar stool and did his best sober impression walking toward the older man. Dean could not remember if they had spoken, or if they just found their way to the bathroom, even now his memory was blurry. The next thing he remembered was the man on his knees and Dean thrusting into his mouth. It was quick and desperate, but when Dean had finished the man kissed him, that was his mistake. That was when Dean hit him. It was only once but very hard, causing the man to double over against the wall of the bathroom. He had fled, not looking back, and buried the memory so deep that it lived in a dark place with images of hell. That night he had driven the impala, still drunk, onto the lot of a dark abandoned warehouse a few blocks from the bar to sleep it off. When he woke he told himself it was a bad dream, ignoring the fact that his jeans were still undone and that his knuckles were freshly bruised.
Sam had a thought, “Wait, if you read the article what did it say to do?”
He could hear laughter as he passed Sam’s room and he knew Eileen must be there. Eileen was so good for Sam, and Dean felt that Sam had finally found someone that could be a part of their messed up family and fit like a glove. He thought about knocking but he did not want to spoil any fun they might be having so he kept his pace toward the kitchen.
“So…” Dean said, standing by Cas as he finished his food, “what is human Cas going to do now?”
Cas stepped forward again,“What? Why is that so disgusting to you? I wanted nothing from you Dean, just for you to live, and once again you repay me like this.”
Next, he chose some Italian oregano from the produce section, remembering it in dried form from the video. After grabbing the penne he remembered he needed something to go in the sauce and picked up a can of mushrooms and a can of green olives. He thought the olives might have been black in the video but green matched the oregano so he thought that was the best choice. Right as he was heading toward the meat counter, he spotted a can of ground beef and chucked it in the cart. Sam had not mentioned the option of canned meat, but Cas thought it was much more efficient. He grabbed a loaf of fresh Italian bread and an apple pie from the bakery before heading to the checkout. Happy with his selections, he drove back to the bunker, determined as a soldier.
Something clutched at my chest at his words, I wanted to explain, to show him that he was my happiness, “Dean, I have had moments of happiness, but in this life, with the things we’ve been fighting, there is very little time for pure joy.”
Dean looked up, and pulled Cas against him in a desperate hug, his breath becoming even. He leaned his head against Cas’s neck, just as he had done the morning he had come back with Jack, the morning he had almost told him everything in his relief from the anguish that buried him. Their bodies were close, thrumming with realization, and neither of them had the strength to retreat. So, they stayed like that for a long time, just holding on for dear life.
Cas understood, “You like when I hold you?”
“I love you,” she said to him after she pulled away from the kiss.
“Oh,” Cas said, “I assumed that he would have told you and Jack, I did not realize that he wouldn’t want anyone to know.”
The memory hit him like a ton of bricks now. Dean heard a sob and realized it had come from him. He had failed, all that time, all that work and here he was standing in front of a literal angel, wishing to be held, comforted. He would never stop hurting, never.
“What’s with you,” Sam said, standing in the doorway.
Cas let out a gasp, “I don’t understand,” he was trying to speak but Dean was now nipping at his jaw, kissing little trails down his neck, “We should go back to your room.”
I was not made for this kind of love.
“How do you know if you have chemistry?” Jack asked, just as Dean was about to get up and see what was in the fridge.
Dean, unable to resist Cas’s innocent expression, placed a gentle, yet smoldering kiss against his lips, “Yeah, Sunshine. I am if you want to join me.”
“Dean, I don’t think I am good,” he said, swallowing hard against the lump in his throat.
“Have you had sex with men, Dean?” He asked, his pupils dilating at the thought.
After quickly drying off with the world’s most scratchy bath towel and pulling on his sweatpants and t-shirt, Dean opened the door to the bedroom. Cas was still sitting in the little chair, reading something on his phone. Dean laughed a little at the idea of the angel having a cell phone, but he knew better: angels, demons, and monsters all had phones. Demons took particular pleasure from trolling people on twitter and tumblr, and Dean was sure that a few deals had been made over Facebook.
Dean placed his hand on my shoulder, a friendly gesture but it tingled where he made contact even through layer upon layer of fabric, “Cas, we have to let him do it, you heard him, he wants to and Amara is sure he can. If he absorbs Chuck’s powers then he can break your deal he can help us all. He doesn’t have to leave, Amara said she would look out for heaven until he was ready to join her, and she could teach him. I don’t want to lose Jack, either, but what choice do we have?”
Claire rolled her eyes, but slipped an arm over Kaia’s shoulders hiding a small smile as Sam handed her back the phone.
“Lookin’ good, Cas,” he said, scooting on the sofa to make room for the angel.
“Sam,” he began pacing, “I was not good at being human. I read all the signals wrong, and now apparently Dean has already given me a romantic gift and I had no idea. What if I get it all wrong.”
Liked:
“No,” Cas said, a rough edge to his already husky voice, “You would have died. I saved you… again.”
“Well,” Cas began, “We were talking about the nature of our relationship, and then you were seducing me.”
“Hmm…” Cas answered, shivering a little.
Suddenly, my mind caught up to my body which was still pressed firmly against Dean’s and instinct took over. I placed my hands on his biceps walking him back a few steps until he was against the counter. He took in a little gasp of air and I watched as he licked his lips. I let my hands slide into his and then kissed him the way I had always wanted to. Not forcefully, but with every ounce of want that had been burying me since the day I pulled him from perdition. His lips parted and our tongues slid together gently yet greedily. I felt him go slack against me as a moan broke from my throat. Suddenly, his hands were everywhere and I was bending forward to lift him onto the countertop, his bow-legs wrapping around my waist. We kissed until my lips were swollen and my body ached with want. Eventually he pulled away.
After several minutes, Dean pushed Cas forward as gently as he could.
“Weren’t you?”
That was because when he was fifteen, he had been friendly with a fellow hunter, an older boy that was a son of one of Bobby’s friends. As they had driven back to the motel that night, John Winchester leaned across the front seat of the Impala and grabbed Dean’s shoulder, “Dean, you gotta lock that shit down. I know you think you’re hot stuff and will flirt with anything with a pulse, but you have to think about the kind of man you want to be. The kind of role model for Sammy. No one will take you seriously as a man or a hunter if you keep up that sissy business.”
Dean looked at Cas and immediately registered the hurt that was on his face. Something was forming at the base of his throat, choking him. Finally the woman stomped out her cigarette butt, and walked back into the bar making sure to shoot them one last knowing glance before the door shut behind her.
Sam smiled, assuming he meant Cas, “Well it’s true. You have nothing to prove to anyone.”
“Really,” Dean laughed, “we hook up once and we gotta label it?”
“Of course, I mean, of course we are friends… but we are more than that, Cas. I dunno what the right thing is and it’s cheesy and human but this is what you do when you feel...like this,” Dean took a stuttering breath, while stepping forward and catching the angel’s blue eyes, “then we can figure out what this is.”
Dean shut the door, clicking the lock dramatically, “So.. where were we?”
“I don’t think I really understood it at the time Cas,” he admitted, “but yeah.”
I listened with my eyes closed.
Cas looked at Dean curiously, sensing his embarrassment “Yes, for a dude.”
“Dude you have no poker face. What’s up?” Dean replied, although sarcastic his voice was kind and his eyes crinkled at the edges.
Eileen tried her best to hide her huge smile, “Sam and I are going to pick up a pizza, wanted to know if you would like some? Then maybe watch Lord of the Rings?”
I did not notice the tears that fell until they dropped onto Jack's coat, making little round dots where they landed. It was the first time I had ever truly cried as an angel, and I realized in that moment that I was already more human than seraphim.
Cas looked at Sam incredulously, “Sam, I do not eat. How will I cook?”
Ejaculation
“He will be, yes,” Cas shifted, “he just needed to rest.”
If my soul was of use, you would know it is already yours.
Dean pondered that one, he knew what he would say to an actual adult Jack, but this Jack was a psuedo baby, so crass was probably not the best route. He tilted his head pouting his lips again, trying to come up with a rated G answer.
“Oh,” Dean said again, and then realizing he needed another word, “sorry.”
Cas tilted his head, clearly confused. Dean rolled his eyes dramatically.
“Dean,” he said, pointing at the beer in her hand and gesturing to the bartender for two more.
“Well there were some gestures of clothing, framed photos, and food.”
After a week in the bunker Cas realized that he had not seen Sam, except for a few chance encounters.
After the movie was over, Claire called Jody to check in, and let her know they were at the bunker. It turned out that Jody had a few day’s off and instead of heading to Donna's, Sam grabbed the phone, insisting that they come down and hang with them for a few days.
Love is not what I imagined, it is more volatile.
Cas smiled his most crooked angelic smile, “Oh… well. Very effective,” he said looking down where he was straining against his slacks.
Dean pressed his fingers against the bridge of his nose, and took a deep breath. His lip quivered and he silently cursed himself for crying this way. Misty-eyed was fine, blubbering was not. He ran his free hand down his face as the tears ebbed, and tried for the most nonchalance he could muster.
“I think you are quite drunk, and I am unsure how wise it is to continue this conversation.”
Dean smiled his most lazy, endearing smile, “Sure, sweetheart.”
Cas walked through all the events that had led him here, to this bedside, and he wondered how he could have been so utterly selfish. There was this assumption that because of the gravitas which all those around Dean Winchester saw and attempted to emulate, nothing could really touch him. Cas had watched him struggle, knew the pain that had plagued him, but he still believed that when the job was done Dean would thrive. It was a new piece of the puzzle of humanity, the idea that the end of one story marked a beginning of another. So, Cas assumed Dean would begin again, like new, but he forgot that this was not a new book, but a sequel. A sequel that began at the breaking of this man, who had been broken so many times that his soul was like a stained glass mural — beautifully pieced together from all the fragments of its cursed existence. Even as a child Dean had never been allowed to really feel anything but loyalty and pain. He felt that all his life amounted to was saving others, but in every loss, big or small, he watched the scoreboard stack for the other side. Castiel was an angel, he walked among humans but he was privy to so much more power, he was capable of seeing the larger frame and the larger picture. Dean was a man, and his life was made up of so much less grandier and so much more pain, which considering the scale was more than any one human should have been forced to bear. Cas would give his wings, his grace, and his life to release Dean from his burdens, but if he could not he would stay by his side forever as a friend or anything Dean might wish.
“Cas, if you want to talk, these are my terms,” he said, raising the glass and shaking it toward the angel.
Once the coffee was made, Dean pulled a few pieces of bacon from a container in the fridge and grabbed a pack of pop tarts from the pantry.
This should have worked, Cas normally did not push. More often than not, Dean abused that, knowing he could take out his frustrations on his friend and they would just push past it. This time, however, Cas was holding his arm with heavenly strength, unwilling to look away.
“Cas.”
I listened, with my eyes closed, as Dean prayed. He told me should have stopped me, he told me I was his best friend. He says he can’t control his anger. He forgave me. He said he was sorry.
Hearing your voice in my head is a curse
Jack’s smile went so wide that Dean was worried it would stick that way, “OH!” He proclaimed again.
“So, then, what is love?” Jack’s eyes never left Dean, even as he took a small sip from his cup of tea.
Realizing Cas was not going to say more Sam finally took a step back, “Okay, well, Eileen is here with me today. We are just going to be around, maybe watch a movie in my room...just let him know when he wakes up.”
Bit of a spoiler, but this man will get justice, because violence toward the queer community is nothing to blow past.
“Cas,” Sam shifted uncomfortably, “what Jack is doing, taking God’s power, it’s going to work. I can feel it.”
“Hey,” she said, her mouth turning up in a seductive smile, “you wanna buy me a beer?”
I did not hesitate, I had come to Sam knowing that he would not fight me, it had been his idea and I was finally resolved. So, I found his hesitation annoying.
Dean released his grip on the coat, stepping back, “Sorry man, didn’t see you.”
He looked at me questioningly, and I nodded, hoping that if he continued I would be able to thread together his meaning.
Sam stood up suddenly, “Ha! That is where this conversation ends, but I will say this.  Weren’t you going to ask me?”
Sam just shook his head again, and headed toward his room. Dean followed him, willfully avoiding Cas, who was trailing behind him silently. Before Sam shut his door he told Dean to meet in fifteen minutes so they could go do a few interviews before checking out a few locations the wolf may be hiding. Dean nodded and then opened the door to his room. It was small, and the furnishing and decor were old, but it was clean which was more than he expected. Dean hung his garment bag in the closet and unzipped it, taking out his suit. It was a little faded from years of wear, but it still fit him like a glove.
Cas looked at Dean inquisitively, like he was trying to parse the true meaning of his words. Dean got lost for a moment in that look, the way that Cas’s eyes always seems to hold his captive and finally Cas took a deep breath and looked back down at his drink.
Dean knew he was not making any sense, but the combination of the alcohol and the events of the day were beginning to catch up to him. He felt like he was on shaky ground, like he would be trampled if did not gird himself against the onslaught of feeling that was barreling toward him.
“Thank you,” Cas said as they pulled the impala into the motel parking lot.
“What’s with you?” Claire said, opening the microwave and grimacing before pressing the thirty second button.
“I don’t understand,” Cas felt deflated and annoyed.
Dean had heard Sam but he could not respond. He had spent months trying to trap that memory and bury it like something out of their lore, but it would come. He could be standing on the edge of hell and that would be the memory that pushed him into the abyss. He watched the lines on the road, the clouds passing overhead, as twilight was swiftly approaching, and tried to settle in the normalcy of it. Eventually, he turned the radio back up a little, and Sam adjusted back in his seat and looked at his phone again. There was truth to what he had said, Dean knew it, but he knew this was all going to take time. Suddenly though, he missed Cas fiercely.
He looked at Sam, annoyance flooding his features, “Why are you so nosey Samantha?”
“Hello, Dean,” he said, a contrite expression on his face.
“No,” Cas said pulling Dean into his room, and shutting the door.
The words were out and I did not want them back. I felt light headed under the weight of what I had just revealed, yet I had no desire to run. It was the truest thing in the universe. I had given everything to say it, and I was happy. Dean’s mouth was slightly agape, as a single tear fell down his cheek. Moments passed and I watched as he tried to solve this puzzle, too, he but when he finally looked back up at me I knew he had not.
There was a beat, a second where I thought I had dreamed it, but then I felt something slick against my cheek and I knew I was crying. It was real.
I wished the words back into my mouth as soon as they were said but it was no use. Dean stepped toward me, his head tilting I could see he was putting the pieces together.
Dean nearly spit his whiskey across the table, “Well, first off,” he said, “You don’t do that with your family, that’s gross.”
Dean smirked at his brother, but apprehension spread through him. He had assumed Eileen would be a buffer between Dean and his overly inquisitive brother. So, he turned up the radio as the sped out of the garage, and hoped Sam would feel like a quiet drive for the next four hours.
“I know,” he said, “I can sense how calm you are.”
Cas frowned, “That is understandable. Chuck put you through so much.”
She smiled, her eyes trailing slowly to Jack, taking him in, appraising him, “Jack. Jack is my plan.”
“Wait, what?” Dean was trying to catch up, Cas often left out details which kept him trailing behind trying to grasp at any conversational thread.
Cas stood up, “I think you should go to bed Dean.”
When he did speak finally, his words surprised me, and by his sheltered expression, they surprised him too, “Cas, you’ve not been happy, not this whole time?”
“What is Dean compensating for?”
Dean scoffed, “Look Cas, I appreciate your help with the vamps, but I would have been fine.”
Dean exhaled sharply, “No Cas… No. Stay.”
“Cas?”
Cas dressed quickly and they were about to walk out Dean looked down at him.
“Yeah,” Sam said, laughing a little, “They are but how did you figure it out.”
Jack looked crestfallen, his eyes lowering to the table, “You don’t?”
Dean knew that Cas would not take a hint, he was going to have to be very brave. He hesitated for a moment wondering if he was ready, but then he had a thought, clear and urgent and unlike him. He had been holding his breath for so many years, and maybe it was time to just let it out.
Dean did not realize it, but his little jab was just the segway Sam had been looking for.
“Cas...I’m not gay, but this…,” he could not say more, so he just looked at their joined hands.
Beets
Cas looked at Sam, his eyes still wide and puppy-ish.
“What’s wrong?” He asked facetiously.
“If that is what you want, but I am happy just to be with you Dean.”
“Cas,” he said, “I’m sorry.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, his face flushing instantly, “...for a dude,” he added.
“Well Dean,” she said, “tell me about yourself.”
Cas tilted his head toward Dean, “I do not want you to say anything specifically, I only want to know why you are so unhappy.”
“Please, do not apologize. I know that you wanted to give me some sort of comfort. That is not necessary, we can forget it.”
Cas moved to stand before him, placing his hands on either side of Dean’s head, he hesitated just a moment until the hunter nodded, looking resolute. He reached out with his grace into Dean’s mind. He had been here before with Sam, when he was looking for where Micheal had trapped Dean, but all he saw was mountains of trauma, and the little corner that Dean had been sequestered to. It was different now, with Dean in control of his own thoughts and the memories he wanted Cas to see flooded to the surface. There were memories of battles they had fought, of course, both as enemies and as comrades, and there were memories of comfort when they leaned on each other for hope when it was hopeless. The memories shifted quickly along with all the feelings that Cas expected — anger, affection, triumph, fear, hope, doubt, kinship — until suddenly, there was something different. There were memories of conversations they had when the world was not ending for a moment, times they had made each other smile, Cas felt warm as these memories washed over him. Just as suddenly, the visions turned dark and it was a laundry list of all the times Dean had watched him die, over and over again. Cas felt the grief in Dean as he was lost to him. One memory begged to be seen, it was different, the edges of it soft like the opening of a magnolia blossom, the memory was dear to Cas as well, it was after the empty had released him the first time. He did not know how Dean had felt seeing him standing in that alley, the light from a neon cross illuminating the scene, but he could feel it now, and he knew it for what it was. The feeling flooded this memory, and it lingered inside Dean painting the edges of his soul. Then without warning the memories shifted, they felt different and Cas was not sure Dean had meant these to spill forward, memories of John Winchester the word ‘sissy’ still on his lips, and then there was an oozing cancerous feeling that shot through Dean, then it was Benny smiling, and a few other blurry faces the edges of a kiss and something else, something darker. The images were chaotic and shifting so quickly Cas was sure he was not meant to see this. He was about to pull away when a memory shot to the surface so forcefully that it caused him to lurch forward. It was him, being swallowed by the empty, Billie right behind him, and Dean’s sense of helplessness as he curled onto the floor, the sense of grief was like a lead weight on his chest. Dean folded into himself, crying into his hands, ignoring the buzzing phone beside him. Cas pulled away, unable to stand that grief any longer, understanding that it was the same grief he knew so well. It swallowed him in blackness worse than the blackness of the empty, and he could not help the tears that spilled at feeling what Dean had endured when he was taken.
By midnight, Dean was driving them back to the motel. After the rest he had gotten the night before and the adrenaline from the fight, he already felt like a live wire, but it was compounded by the fact that he knew he would be alone with Cas again soon. He tried not to look into the rearview on the drive home, only glancing every few minutes always finding blue eyes on him. About half way back, Sam fell asleep against the passenger seat, and Dean smiled at his baby brother like he was just a kid. Albeit, a kid with a receding hairline and greys in his stubble.
I did so to imagine you were close to me,
I turned to see Amara standing a short distance away, her lips perked up in a congenial smile.
“I’m Tessa,” she said.
The next morning, not wanting to be privy to all their looks, especially after some of the noises he had heard coming from their room the night before, Sam opted for the back seat. Dean did not say a word, but his cheeks turned pink when Cas slid beside him. Halfway through the drive, Dean grabbed for Cas’s hand, and checking that Sam was not looking, he gently brushed a kiss over his knuckles before placing their joined fingers in between them on the seat. It felt so much more than good, it felt right to hold Cas’s hand.
“Are you Dean?”
“What is it like, with Kaia?”
Cas felt warmth spread across his chest, “I am glad you think so, Dean.”
Once again, he swigged down nearly half of it immediately, glad that the taste was washed from his mouth.
Dean’s pupils went a little wider at this, but he took a deep breath. His phone buzzed on the nightstand, and he handed Cas the same sweats and shirt he had slept in before.
Sam had not said it with an ounce of mocking as Dean had expected. In fact, the sincerity in his voice surprised and shook him off balance.
When the flash was gone, Chuck lay on the ground sobbing and Jack was simply smiling.
“A fucking Uber?” Dean yelled at Sam’s back, before quickly downing his bourbon and shaking the glass toward his waitress with a smirk.
“Are you alright?”
“Seven,” Cas nodded.
Dean was glad that Sam was good at the whole talking-it-out thing because he did not think he could have broached the subject himself, and he had certainly wanted to avoid it before. Now, he felt like he had Sam’s blessing, and although he would never admit it out loud, he needed it.
The empty had made a raw deal. They thought I could find happiness in this world. My child was threatened by Chuck himself, and the man I loved was always one self-sacrificing move away from death’s grip. Death had it out for him. Death had it out for all of us.
“Oh,” Dean started to explain, not hiding an ounce of smugness, “you were not sure what seduction was. I knew you would be uncomfortable in the war room when Sam and Eileen could show up any moment, but I also knew I would make you forget. See? You were seduced, feathers.”
Dean grimaced as he continued to read, he felt torn in two. On the one hand he understood the scepticism of this man’s friends, because it was how his father had thought, it was how he had thought too. He had told himself that if he found men hot, that was fine, but why choose that when women were an option. However, that was before he had fallen in love with a man, that changed his perspective completely. It was why he had stopped the one night stands, and it was why his heart began to pound erratically when he thought about being with Cas in the hotel the night before.
“Well,” Jody finally said, breaking the silence, “from what Sam tells me, it's about damn time.”
“Oh,” Cas was considering this.
“It will be nice to see everyone together, and we have enough rooms here,” he said when Dean gave him a little side-eye.
So, Dean was drunk, and Sam had taken the Impala to go see Eileen.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean interrupted, rolling his eyes, “not what I meant.”
As I spoke I watched as Dean processed my words, his eyes became clouded with tears and I knew that given the chance he would brush me off or ask me to stop, so I did not. I kept going.
Dean sighed, “I had a good dream, Cas.”
“...and would you like, look at them a lot, and kinda stand close to them?”
“So,” she took step back, leaning against the counter once again, “if this is about being gay for Cas, then I think it’s great, and its about time, and stop being a chicken shit.”
That’s when Sam knocked on the door and Dean and Cas blew apart like they had been hit by Dean’s trusty grenade launcher.
Sam did a perimeter check while Dean and Cas disposed of the bodies. It was a quick job, and the woods were quiet but they did not speak. The girl they buried looked like she could not be more than twenty and Dean wondered where her family thought she was. That was part of the job, gank or get ganked, but it did not make it any easier. Dean was glad there were less hunts, and less fights these days. He felt his age, he felt the aches and pains, but mostly he felt the unbearable weight of the job that he had been doing his whole life.
Sam and Eileen take a big step. Dean teaches Cas about seduction.
I felt my face begin to burn, and wondered how I would survive being human again with Dean around. It might have been a mercy that I was cast out the last time, because I felt the whole of my body thrumming now standing next to him.
“You think you can use my sister against me?” Chuck’s voice reverberated over the lake.
They all watched as he tucked into his sandwich, wearing a proud very Dean-like grin.
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking down at the worn maroon carpet, “Actually, it is man.”
“I’ll take you back now,” Cas said before placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Finally, Dean grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the hallway.
“It’s not important,” Cas stood and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. They both felt little sparks at the contact before he lowered his hand again, placing it in the pocket of his coat.
“Can I?” He said finally looking at Cas, “Then what do I want?”
Their bottles clinked, and he smirked the way women always seemed to love. He knew how to do this, he knew how to flirt. He knew how to say the right thing to make someone just as lonely and hard up as he was feel a little more valuable in a moment. Dean was the master of making other people feel wanted, and the master of pushing them away.
Dean chuckled, “I think I taught you that line.”
Cas stayed quiet for a long time, he could sense the battle happening inside the hunter. Finally, Dean let out a sob and bent forward, smashing his fists into the cushions. He stood quickly and picked up the lamp beside the couch, threw it so fast that Cas did not have time to react and it smashed against the bricks throwing bits of pottery across the floor. He went to overturn the table, but Cas caught him, his arms tight around him, bracing against him. The hunter struggled for a few moments reflexively, and then his shoulders slackened, and he buried his head into Cas’s shoulder tears falling rapidly, soaking the angel’s t-shirt.
When she reappeared I could see the distress in her eyes, and I nodded my appreciation. Her lips curved into her signature smirk and she nodded back, taking Jack’s hand.
We were both stuck, there was suddenly too much and not enough distance between us. Slowly, so as not to spook him like a fawn in the woods, I stood from the bed. I took a few steps so that I was standing close enough to reach out and pull Dean into me. It was not an unusual hug, nothing about it felt forgein or new. Yet, I shuddered.
“Okay,” he took the small vial off the table, and pressed the blade to my throat, careful to choose a spot where I would not bleed out, knowing I would not be able to heal myself. He looked me in the eyes, “just promise if I do this, you’ll do what I asked.”
“Hah, yeah, that’s the basics,” Dean said, smiling, “You are a smart kid, Jack.”
“See,” Jack said turning to Sam, “I told you. Clues and evidence, those dad’s are in love. I’m a good hunter.”
Dean nearly spit his beer, “uh… yeah, man. One of the few human perks.”
“Oh,” Dean could tell he had tripped a wire, he was not sure if he should backtrack or move on, “I… uh… Cas, of course, we are more than friends, but I just want to take it one day at a time. I don’t really do this much, ya know?”
Our eyes were locked, and it was actually awful. I could hear my heart wooshing in my ears, an my hands were trembling. The moment was so fraught with tension that I suddenly wished I could shimmy out of it like an ill-fitting sweater.
“And I love you, too.”
I was.
The next morning Sam was in the kitchen when Cas came in to make tea.
Dean made a note to smack Sam later for that.
“What is it Cas?” He said, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand, “What’s wrong.”
“I think the most surprising thing that happened when I started to introduce people to my male partner, was that people often felt that it was okay to openly question the validity of my marriage with my deceased wife. As callous as this may sound, they were more willing to believe that my marriage with the mother of my children was a sham, then that I could be attracted to more than one gender. My partner helped me through my grief and frustration, and now we’ve been happily married for two years.”
After a few minutes, Tessa had her hand on Dean’s thigh and was rubbing dangerously close to his groin. He looked back over his shoulder reflexively and Cas was gone. His heart sank for a moment and he suddenly felt nauseated. He pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose, but the room had started spinning a bit.
The sincerity with which Sam spoke the next words drove through me like a wooden stake, “I know you think that Cas and I know why, but you’re wrong, you can have happiness. It’s not impossible.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, taking the bottle.
“I can see that,” Jack said, laughing a little, “but I think I understand the basics. You love your family because they are there for you and they teach you things, but you love someone romantically because they are special to you and you take care of eachother.”
“Yeah, good call man,” Dean agreed, suddenly wondering what he was getting himself into.
I knew I needed to tread lightly in this conversation, as I did not wish to have Sam asking a lot of follow up questions so I nodded adding, “I do not think it will be necessary, I think happiness in my case is… difficult. I think the empty’s deal has ultimately doomed it.”
Any excuse to put Jody and Donna in a chapter :) please leave comments if you enjoyed
Cas did not understand anything Dean had just said, “What are you talking about Dean? I had my angel blade, April took it from me…”
Finally, Dean stood. His muscles were sore and he stretched revealing a patch of pale flesh under the hem of his shirt. He noticed how Cas’s pupils dilated as he watched, and he wanted to chase that look, but there was something about being back in the bunker and having taken so many new steps that made Dean wary. He started to get that prickly claustrophobic feeling again, and his stomach turned over a few times.
Cas practically hummed with pleasure, and he leaned forward catching Dean’s mouth with his own. Then they were falling toward the bed, Dean was pulling his shirt over his head and then Cas grabbed his arms as he pressed him into the duvet. He kissed the place where his hand had print was left on Dean’s shoulder and then moved his lips to the freckled skin of his chest. He wanted to map out Dean’s entire body with his lips, but before long the hunter pulled him back toward his open mouth. Dean had not felt so desperate since he was a teenager, he was not smooth or practiced in this moment like he was with women. Instead, he was frantic and needy, his hands and eyes were devouring everything they could catch. Suddenly, he froze, Cas had pushed his hand under the hem of his sweatpants, pressing firmly against him through his boxers. Cas froze too, hoping he had not gone too far in his drunken need to touch him. He recognized that he needed consent for this type of action, and so he started to pull away, but Dean quickly grabbed his wrist, keeping his hand in place. His pupils were blown out, and Cas was instantly back in motion, gripping Dean hard through the thin layer of fabric.
“Were you asleep?” Dean said, feeling so fond of the angel he knew he was smiling like an idiot.
“I have a lot to learn in general,” Cas said, letting the weight of his statement wash over him.
“What? No, it wasn’t a bad dream” Dean looked up quickly, confusion on his face quickly replaced by embarrassment, “I mean… It wasn’t… it was nothing.”
“I will watch over him, Castiel,” she said, reading my thoughts, “he is more powerful than my brother or I ever were, but he is still your child. I have a feeling he will teach me much more than I will teach him.”
“I don’t trust you with these keys,” he had said, “Call an Uber.”
Sam and Dean have a big talk. Then Cas and Dean try that again... until Moosus Interruptus
Dean’s eyes went wide and he swallowed, his mouth suddenly very dry.
“You,” Dean said, suddenly.
“I’m here Dean,” Cas said again, pressing his forehead against Dean’s. He could feel the man shivering beneath him, and his heart broke all over again.
Claire left the kitchen, and Dean was left with the impression that he had just been owned.
Dean winced, “Cas… please never call me your lover again.”
“Cas, go to my room and grab sweatpants and a t-shirt from my hamper on the desk. Put them on, and meet me in the cave,” he took a bite of bacon and mocked, “If we are going to hang out, I refuse to let you look like the holy accountant all day.”
Anna had warned me, “It gets worse.”
As I turned to go Dean caught me by the wrist. He looked so bewildered that it cracked my heart open yet again, “thank you.”
Dean squinted in disbelief, “Since when do I stay behind? I’m coming Sammy.”
Cas was focusing on staying still, his urges were growing more human by the minute, but he would not cross any lines, he would let Dean lead. He could be content with holding Dean’s hand and not having him pull away. Every time their hands had touched up to this point they never lingered but Cas could recall the way it shot sparks through him. Even in the heat of battle when their knuckles were bloodied and bruised the slightest touch from Dean felt like a gift.
“Cas,” he said finally, “Come inside. I will try and explain… I will. But I need to either get a lot more drunk, or sober up a bit first. Capisce?”
“I’m sorry man,” he said finally, “I’m just drunk, I don’t know what I mean. I’m gonna hit the sack.”
“Dean was explaining love to me, and I figured it out. I used clues and evidence like you taught me for hunts,” Jack said, clearly proud.
“I didn’t want to stay if you wished me to leave.”
“It’s okay,” Dean said into my hair.
Dean scowled as a reply. He was a little annoyed, but he was also glad that Cas would be with them. He was an asset on any hunt, of course, but that was not the reason. Dean started to undo his belt, but when he glanced up at Cas innocently observing him, and he felt instantly embarrassed. He had changed in front of Cas before, and he knew Cas had seen him in all his glory anyway as he had been the one to put him back back together after he had been on the rack. There was no denying though, it was different now: fraught with meaning.
“So,” Dean said, throwing his duffle bag into the table.
He smiled reassuringly looking at Cas from under his thick lashes, and Cas nodded, sitting on the edge of the bed. Dean started to unpack, but he felt uncomfortable, he did not want to have another ‘big talk’ as he was fairly emotionally tapped out, but he also could not stand the idea of hurting Cas.
“Thanks for dinner, Cas,” Dean managed to say, pushing the bowl away from him.
Dean watched him and rolled his eyes. “Ugh, just come over here,” he said, pulling up one side of the blanket.
Sam nodded and smiled reassuringly, “Yeah, man, I think I got it now.”
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me,” they both turned to see Tessa, the brunette, standing by the bar entrance, taking a long drag from her cigarette. She was watching Cas and Dean with a satisfied expression, “You could have just said you were gay, ya know. Would have saved me the disappointment.”
“Yes,” Cas smiled, “I think it would be enjoyable.”
“Sam,” Cas was glaring at the younger Winchester, his eyes burning with frustration, “ you don’t understand. This is important.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, standing up, “I’ll be ready in twenty.”
Cas’s words hit Dean like a bolder and he struggled against the memory that would come up. Cas being swallowed by the empty, the I love you, the goodbye still ringing in his ears. The cold bricks against his back. The quiet empty room. Cas gone, again.
“...but” he finally continued, “there was another part of me, that was so fucking happy that you were saying it.”
“Mm-hmm,” was all Dean replied, swigging his beer.
“You saw everything?” Dean asked, his chest still heaving from having endured the angel’s grace.
Jack suddenly frowned, “... but you wouldn’t probably fight with them all the time.”
“Hello, Dean.”
I was injured, I was tired, and I was so angry that I wanted to scream. Dean, dammit Dean where are you? I knew we had less than thirty minutes left before the rift closed, landing us back in purgatory permanently. I leaned my head against the tree where I had practically collapsed, pressing my open palm against the blossom hidden in my coat pocket. At least I had gotten that, at least I had gotten away from the leviathans. But where was Dean?
“Hmm… I don’t think I would like to continue to have sex with women,” he said, his stomach twisting.
Dean spent the next hour trying, and failing, to fall asleep. His stomach was rolling like he was on a rickety boat, and he felt waves of nausea flowing over him. Finally, he sat up, turning on the lamp on his nightstand. He pulled out his phone, opened a private tab and typed into his search bar the question that had been rolling around in his mind for the last several days. ‘Am I gay?’
Standing up suddenly and balancing himself against the bar, he threw a few bills down in front of him, “Sounds like a blast, but not tonight honey. This should cover your drink.”
Dean looked at the clock, there was still another five minutes before they had to leave. He wondered if he should just go knock on Sam’s door, but then Cas looked up at him, and he suddenly wished they had a bit more time. His talk with Sam had been uncomfortable, but it had been a blessing that Dean did not know he wanted but somehow truly needed. He thought about the quick, sloppy, drunken kiss he had given Cas the night before and felt his cheeks go hot again. He felt even more annoyed, blushing was not something men in their forties should do.
“No,” Cas said again, “This is unbearable to me Dean, please just help me understand.”
Dean’s voice echoed through the dungeon chamber. We had come here to fight loudly, not wanting Jack to overhear.
“Yeah,” Dean shouted, his voice raw and gruff, his face flushed, “Coming Sammy.”
“Yes,” he smirked, “They did not seem to recognize our presence once they were kissing. I can relate.”
“Cas,” he whispered, finally pressing closely against him. He kissed his shoulder as Cas stirred beside him before settling again. He took a deep breath and decided to turn off all the filters, they were alone, and he wanted to say everything, “Cas, honey, wake up.”
Dean smiled, “Seven o’clock.”
“See,” Dean winked, “Human perks, man. You want me to take you somewhere to meet some women?”
Reading
“You are quite enebriated Dean as was the woman you were with. I did not feel inclined to save you twice in one day if either of you chose to drive,” Castiel spat the words at Dean.
Instead, he settled on a few manageable steps, it was a plan, and he liked having a plan. He did a checklist in his head, and the first thing was to just be Cas’s boyfriend. He winced at even the thought of a word that was so absolutely juvenile in light of what Cas meant to him, but decided that he would just have to deal with the discomfort because it was what they were to one another, and it was what Cas deserved.
“Okay,” Sam said, clearly gearing up for the ‘big speech’, “I don’t want to annoy you or whatever but I have kinda always known you were into guys too, Dean. Honestly, I think you could flirt with a tree. I don’t really care, I just want you to be happy.”
He stood and grabbed Cas’s hands pulling him to his feet, he looked so bewildered that it made Dean want to push him back down all over again, but he did not want to be caught, not again. So, he pulled Cas back toward his bedroom.
The kind that weakens you.
There was only one way I could respond, and I took a deep breath before saying it, hoping the oxygen would anchor me from the swells of fear that threatened to take me under, “But that was Sam. How do you feel, Dean?”
“Well, he offered to find me a female sex partner, but I had been thinking about my experiences and explained that I would like to have a male sex partners in future. He seemed fine with that…,” Cas felt flustered, trying to remember the exact conversation, “then he got upset when I asked if he had, had any male sex partners…”
I was on the ground, having been thrown on my side as soon as he approached. He saw me as a gnat, an inconvenience, I was not his target, that was the Winchesters. His eyes glowed with rage and I turned to look at Dean, one more look if it were to be my last, but I saw something in his expression that made me turn on my side, my useless arm splayed beside me, it was Jack his eyes glowing the same goldish-white and he was holding Chuck in place, his fingers poised to snap Jack from existence. This, of course, was the plan. Amara had sacrificed some of her power to Jack, and within him, a nephilim, it multiplied. Jack was a power vacuum, and when he placed his hands on Chuck’s face the deity fell to his knees, as Jack glowed with light so bright even my angelic eyes had to look away.
At that Dean shot out of bed, pressing the colt in the waistband of his jeans before heading quickly down the hallway. I followed close behind, stupidly hoping that Dean’s “bond” with Amara was no longer at work, and yet knowing that it was why she was here at all.
He let his lips brush Cas’s with every word, and the angel leaned forward, hungrily. Dean evaded him, pulling back and placing his hand firmly against his chest. He pulled off his flannel overshirt and placed it neatly on the chair beside him. Then he slowly lifted the hem of his t-shirt, exposing the skin at his waist. He took Cas’s hand, loving the way his fingers shook as he placed them over the hard muscles on his stomach. He watched the angel as he caressed the skin for a moment and then dug his fingers into his side, pulling Dean forward. The hem of his shirt fell back down, and Cas let out a frustrated breath as Dean pulled away from him again. Then, placing a hand on either side of Cas, he pushed the angel down onto the table, pressing into him so that their stomachs and groins were touching. Cas let you a little whimper, and pulled Dean down on him, kissing him feverishly, kissing him like maybe he would never get the chance to again. For a few minutes, Dean got caught up in it —the way Cas was pulling him down, the feel of his chest heaving beneath him, the way he was so wanted — but then he remembered the point he had been making and he rolled over, panting and glancing at the clock.
They stayed there for a moment, both men, their heads bent as if in prayer, unable to look at one another. Finally, Cas knelt before Dean, penitently. He took the hunters hands in his and kissed them as if they were holy relics. Dean loved him, he was sure of it now, but Cas felt sick that he had endured so much for his sake. Dean was made of trauma, he was built by it, but Cas never thought about how much of that had come at his hands, wittingly or not. He felt sick with shame.
“Fuck, I love you, Cas,” he said when we finally made it to his bedroom and he had me pressed against his door.
“Okay,” Cas was too stunned for exposition.
“Truth is Cas,” Dean took another exaggerated breath, “I’ve wanted to kiss you for a very long time.”
“Dean,” Cas sighed, “I think you’ve had a sufficient amount of alcohol tonight.”
Dean stood up, stretching out his sore legs and headed toward the fridge. He pulled out everything to make himself and Jack sandwiches, and was about to add twice as much turkey as Sam would think necessary when Jack suddenly lifted his head letting out a loud, OH!
Sam shook his head slowly, “Yeah, sorry Cas. Dean is not the most forthcoming person.”
To Dean’s relief, Sam did in fact spend the next few hours researching and messaging on his phone. Dean listened to a classic rock block of Zepp, The Who, Joplin, Hendrix, and even smiled when Yes came on. He tapped along to the rhythm and sang as many of the words as he knew, trying not to think about the last few days or the feeling of Cas rubbing little circles into his skin. It worked, mostly, but about three hours in Sam turned down the radio.
Dean did not respond, but his mouth fell open slightly, and then suddenly went rigid as he bit down and his cheeks muscles tightened.
He broke out into a huge grin and picked her up off the ground, kissing her again. He then set her down and spoke and signed back, “I love you, too.”
“Cosmopolitan.”
“What?” He said finally, looking between the two of them.
“Don’t worry,” Dean teased, “you’ll be back home to Eileen in no time.”
Dean leaned forward, “Cas, are you saying you… uh want to… ya know… with guys?”
That morning when Dean opened his eyes, Cas was there, waiting to greet the hunter. Dean had shot up in the bed, pulling his gun from under the pillow and pointing it right at the angel’s temple. Cas should have expected this, Dean would never trust anything good.
Cas could tell that Sam wanted more of an explanation, but he was not at liberty to share anything, Dean deserved privacy, even from his brother.
They had not spoken about it since, but Cas had kept his distance after that day. Hoping that Dean would eventually find a way to feel comfortable around him again. Right now, Cas could not feel sympathy for his friend, he only felt anger. It rushed through him more viciously than he thought was possible toward Dean. His vessel thrummed with it.
Dean let out a little laugh, “Yup.”
Dean did not remember Cas pulling him backward toward the couch, he just knew that he had been lying there for a long while his head in the angel’s lap as he rubbed small circles in on his back and shoulders. Eventually, there was a small knock on the door, Dean shot up reflexively, rubbing his hand over his face.
He took the blade, his Adam’s apple dipping dramatically as he gulped. The fear on his face squashed my annoyance instantly, because of course he was scared, too.
They had been skirting around one another uncomfortably for a few weeks after Cas came back to the bunker. Jack was gone doing Jack-as-God stuff —which was weird — and they were all adjusting to life after Chuck. Of course, Jack had brought Cas back from the empty immediately, he bargained with the empty and put it back to sleep in exchange for the angel. Dean had held Cas so tightly when he got back that he knew he would have left marks if he were human, and Cas held back, gently at first but then just as desperately as Dean. The next day Dean did have small bruises on his back from Cas’s grip.
Dean rolled his eyes, “You really are not going to let this go are you?”
Cas tilted his head, more confused than affronted, “Why?”
“Castiel,” he said, the name leaving his lips before he had time to think.
“Could we talk privately?” I finally managed to say, my voice a little breathy.
Anger bubbled in me down to my bones and I was suddenly grateful that I no longer had the angelic ability to rip John Winchester from heaven and put him back in hell.
Cas’s eyes went wide again, “You are taking me to your bedroom?”
“I just thought, you may want to stay here,” Sam said, wincing slightly.
“Hey man,” Dean said.
“What’s wrong man?” Dean stepped back observing him for signs of injury.
“Since this cabin belongs to a murder victim, and his wife said it was vacant,” Dean smirked, “I don’t think we do.”
“...and that’s love?” Jack asked, his eyes bright with enthusiasm.
“I bet you can,” Tessa answered, tilting her beer toward his.
“I just,” he hesitated, “this is a lot, right? I just feel like this is a big deal, but I also don’t have any clue how to talk about it.”
Cas squinted again, that seemed obvious, “I wanted to know.”
“Actually,” Dean put on the top piece of bread, proud of his sandwich masterpiece before walking back over to the table and setting the plates down, “when you love someone, a lot of times you fight or bicker or whatever over little stuff, you know get on each other's nerves a little bit. It's not bad fighting most of the time, but love isn’t cut and dry.”
He gently began to rub little circles against Cas skin before a small smile touched his lips. Everything in the room blurred in Cas’s vision, except for the beautiful hunter and his emerald green eyes.
“Of course, Dean,” I stood up from the bed, concern edging into my gut.
“Yeeeaaahh,” Claire drawled out dramatically, “we are good, just like you are apparently good.”
“Of course,” Cas said, forcing a small smile.
“No,” Cas answered, “but I don’t think I understand the connection. Dean is always bragging about his sexual encounters.”
It was four-thirty in the afternoon and Dean was not sure how he would manage for the next two and a half hours without coming out of his skin. He had gotten a text from Cas an hour before that just read ‘Getting food for tonight. I will cook for you. See you at seven.” Dean had grimaced a bit at first, he had been counting on a crowded restaurant or bar to help ease the tension, but then he pictured Cas in his “Kiss the Chef” apron and goosebumps rose across his neck. So, he cleaned his room, changed his sheets, did a load of laundry, took a shower, changed three times and then sat on the edge of his bed watching the clock change from 6:32 to 6:33 to 6:34 and so on, until it read 7:00 and he headed toward the kitchen.
“Yes,” he said, his eyes still partly closed, “I don’t have to sleep, but I do enjoy it from time to time.”
Dean looked between Cas and Sam, shaking his head, “What? Now you two are in cahoots? I don’t like it.”
“Uh,” he cleared his throat, “anything cooking in that pot Cas?” He asked, gesturing to the boiling water.
Sam’s room was the same size as Dean’s but because it was organized and orderly it somehow seemed larger. Dean’s room was not dirty, just cluttered.
Cas gave Sam an annoyed look, “No, but he seemed to be upset last night when I asked him some personal questions.”
“I’m unhappy because I don’t know what to do about you and me. I lost you Cas, right after you said… right after. I’m unhappy because I’m broken. I’m unhappy because I’m fucking terrified. I thought free will would feel so good, but I feel more trapped than ever. Just… tell me what you want from me, man.”
For a moment, Cas was still, eyes wide and mouth slightly agape. Slowly though, he began to feel uneasy. He may not understand human emotions but he had been inebriated before and he knew that it dulled your decision making faculties. Dean was watching him, and Cas felt like he had to escape.
“Yeah,” she laughed, taking another drag, “Sure I do honey. Tell that to your boyfriend.”
“Did you have a nightmare?” Cas asked without thinking.
“They’re here, put these on.”
“Well,” Dean said, “that’s new.”
Cas looked at the clock, it had only been about five minutes since they left, “I guess, less than twenty minutes. Why?”
Cas’s expression went from confusion, to acceptance, to joy, to dread in only a few moments. He finally looked at Sam, panic in his eyes.
“What are we doing?”
Dean blushed furiously and turned to face the wall, he undressed as quickly as possible and put on his pants and shirt in record time. When he turned back around Cas was sitting in the little chair by the dresser, his eyes on the floor. Dean wondered if he had picked up on his sudden need for modesty, and felt his cheeks burning again. He did not know how things between he and Cas would now feel now: would everything feel new or were some things unchangeable? Either way, it annoyed him.
“Dean and Cas are in love, and I just realized it,” he said, still smiling like a maniac.
Of course, when he looked up at Dean a little blush rose to his cheeks. Dean really hoped this would not keep happening.
Dean felt stunned, for the second time that night he had managed to make Cas angry when he was only trying to tell him the truth. He put his hands up defensively and then pointed at the seat where Cas had been sitting. Cas rolled his eyes again, even more dramatically than before, and sat back down.
Dean swallowed hard, he did not know whether to grimace or ignore the comment all together. His only consideration was which course would lead Sam off of this path of conversation.
You have injured me, without a word.
She took a step, but Dean caught her arm, his eyes on the floor, “Wait, I… I have a question.”
“Because they are awesome,” he answered, clearly annoyed.
Sam cut him off, “Yes, Dean. If you are into him that way, which I assume you are based on the way you look at him, I say go for it.”
Everyone was frozen, Dean with embarrassment, Sam with amusement, Jack with confusion and Cas with fondness.
“Oh,” Cas said, sitting down across from Sam.
“No Dean, I don’t,” he said, his expression suddenly serious, “and Cas is my friend, so I want to make sure this isn’t you messing with him, or experimenting, or some shit. This should be real or…”
“Yeah,” he said.
Sam jutted his chin forward as if to punctuate a point, “Think about that Cas…”
“You do?” Jack said, his eyes raising to meet Dean’s.
Intensely watching the hunter, Cas felt pride bloom in his stomach as Dean picked up his fork and speared a few noodles. Having no need to blink, Cas waited for Dean’s reaction like a statue, frozen with anticipation.
Dean was caught in Castiel’s gaze. Eyes that he knew so well once again searching him and Dean felt exposed, as if he stood naked in front of him. He was stuck, though, unable to unglue his green eyes from the angel’s blue ones. His heart started to thunder in his chest, and his fingers were tingling with anxiety.
“Cas,” He said finally, his voice uneven, “I won’t let you go back there.”
We held each other for a long time. Just holding, nothing else seemed right.
Cas? Cas, I hope you can hear me...
“Mornin’, was that Sammy?” He asked, stretching his arms up over his head.
“Actually,” Cas said, looking at Dean, “I was thinking about sex.”
I cry too, because — just because you are crying
“That is true Sam,” Cas had replied, hoping that he had not shared something that Dean would not want shared.
“So,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed and untying his boot, “you are my babysitter?”
“You guys ready,” Sam said outside the door.
Dean took a sip of his beer, and gave Cas an understanding look, “That’s cool man, you don’t have to play the field if it’s not your thing.”
I wanted to use my strength, the last true remnant of my fading angelic power to smash my fists against the dungeon walls, beat the bricks into dust. Instead, I looked into his eyes, knowing it was time to come clean, “I will not be free Dean, and if we go through with this, Jack will never be free.”
“That was about to get carnal,” Dean said, shutting his door, “Figured we had better clear out.”
Warm clothing
“Nothing, Cas,” Dean replied, clearly flustered, “Drop it!”
“What was the point of that?” Cas asked incredulously.
“Yeah, he took off like ten minutes ago, said he was going for a grocery run,” Sam said.
“We can afford it Dean, plus…” Sam grabbed his bag from Dean’s grip, “Cas will be here soon, and I figured you two would have more… talking to do.”
Sam pushed on the bridge of his nose and exhaled, “Yeah, Cas… me too.”
Dean pulled away from the kiss, his breath hitching and pushed Cas’s coat and jacket to the ground. He grabbed at the loose knot on his tie and pulled it over Cas’s head until he was standing in his dress shirt and slacks. Dean splayed his hands across Cas’s chest taking in the feel of his muscle and the warmth of his skin just under the surface. Then, he looked at Cas and began unbuttoning his shirt purposely and painfully slowly.
Cas felt a bolt shoot through him at the contact just as he had the night before, only this time he was sure he understood why. He looked at Dean and wished he could see his soul, could sense what he was feeling, but all he saw were penetrating green eyes.
The bunker was silent. It would have been peaceful if the silence was not wrought with so much tension. Today might be the day that Chuck decides to destroy this, the final universe of his making.
Claire’s eyes suddenly went wide, “Oh shit, is this about Cas? Are you gay for Cas?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas looked down at his hands, “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
Sam just stared at Cas, his expression unchanged.
Dean looked at Cas, his expression once again softening.
“Cas,” he said, “I’m sorry I was drunk when I kissed you.”
“Come on feathers,” he said to Cas as he pulled the door opened and headed to the kitchen.
He kicked his boot off so it landed by the angel’s feet and moved to the next, glaring at Cas.
“Yes,” Cas replied, placing a gentle kiss on Dean’s forehead.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean smiled back, unable to control his facial muscles.
Claire started to pull Kaia toward the bedrooms, “Okay, we are going to bed before things get sappy.”
“This is what I want,” I said with as much determination as I could muster.
“How about this, I’ll meet you there,” Cas smirked at Sam.
“It doesn’t matter now, Dean,” I brought the conversation back around, “what about Jack?”
Finally, when he had undone the last button Dean slipped his hands over Cas’s firm shoulders and pushed the shirt down his arms. Cas shuddered and his eyes fell shut as the hunter grazed over his bare skin. Dean saw the hollow of Cas’s hip bones and his mouth began to water. He ran his fingers over them slowly, and Cas watched his vessel shivering under Dean’s teasing touch.
“Can you believe he almost told me he loved me over FaceTime?” She explained, “I told him to shut his mouth and that when I saw him I would say it first.”
He placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder affectionately, and padded off toward his room.
“Physically, nothing,” he answered, “But things I felt as an angel, things that were easier to ignore feel very real to me just now. My attraction to you has always seemed inconsequential considering our friendship and the things we have faced, but now I find it is very hard to ignore.”
This is a short chapter, but I am going to be posting more as I am finally finishing this Fic. Claire and Kaia will be around for a few more though because I love them.
He paced a bit wiping his hand over his flanel a few times before starting, “So the thing is Cas, that I am a son’vabitch. You said all that about me, and I just felt sick, I felt almost angry that you were saying it. I didn’t fucking want to hear it. All the bells in my goddamned head were ringing and I heard the mayday signal.”
“I won’t drop it Dean,” he said, staring him down, “I need to know if something is wrong, or I cannot help you. We are all in this mess together, and I cannot have your back if you hide things from me or from Sam.”
Now, with the weight of human years on my shoulders, and with the fragile humanity that clings to me more with every unnecessary breath, I understand. It is worse. I love him more, because the second hand moves forward, so I must. I love him more, because to me, he is love.
Dean nearly choked on his beer.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, finally recovering.
“Dean, you could have died today. You would have died today had I not intervened when I did.”
The phone screen read half past noon, Dean blinked twice looking at it. He could not remember the last time he had slept that late, or that long. He felt it in his bones, there was a lack of pain in his joints and muscles, and he was not hungover thanks to Cas.
Just before Dawn, I stood in the darkness of Dean’s room, there was no light except what escaped from under the door and the small night light that he had plugged into the wall by his desk. When I asked him why he had purchased it he said he did not want anything to sneak up on him, but we both knew it was because he had fallen trying to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night. Dean felt the need to squash even perceived weakness. I exited his room, shutting the door behind me silently, and walked down the corridor to the map room.
Dean sat his coffee down rather harshly on the table, some of the contents splashing over his hand and onto the wood, “You don’t let things go do you?”
“Sorry,” Cas said looking at his hands, “I am still not sure how to do this, be around you but not be overwhelmed by you. Being human is very confusing.”
“Are we… together? Do you even feel, ya know?” Dean raised his eyebrows a few time to indicate amorous intentions, and I smiled.
“Good.”
“What are you?”
“So are you really fine?” Dean asked looking back over at the brunette, “or you taking a page out of my book?”
Dean wanted to laugh at that but he felt too antsy, and too overwhelmed by his brother's nonchalance, “So you’re saying you have no issue with this? With me… if I liked… if I, ya know?”
“I am grateful, Cas,” he finally said, his fingers pressing into the condensation on his glass.
Cas really did not want to ruin this moment, he had promised not to push Dean, but his words had stung bitterly, “There is nothing I like better than being close to you, Dean… but I wish you would not say that. Your sexual orientation is of no import to me, except for as it pertains to your own self-loathing.”
“Yes,” I hated it, but I knew what Sam meant, I trusted Jack and this felt like the only plan that Chuck could not see coming if he tried.
Dean had had a few too many. They just eviscerated a nest of vamps and he had nearly been skewered by a piece of rebar. Cas had grabbed him at the last second and Sam took the vamp’s head off with a steady swing. Dean was glad Cas had shown up, but he was pretty surprised considering how little he had seen of the angel since he and Jack were up there rebuilding heaven.
“Yeah,” Sam laughed again, “he does that, but… you’ll find that most guys who go out of their way to brag are usually compensating for something.”
“I’ll just wait here,” Cas said, sitting in the same little chair he had earlier.
“Yes,” I nodded, I had already assumed that Dean would tell Sam.
Registering this regret, Cas spoke,”Now, perhaps you should go to bed.”
“Why would anyone hold back from you, Dean?” Cas asked, and once again Dean was hit by his utter innocence and sincerity.
Dean cleared his throat, never taking his eyes off the screen.
“...has been forever?” He asked the question quietly, more to himself than to Sam.
Thirst
There were very few times in his life that Dean Winchester had ever felt helpless, this was one of them. He could not look away from Cas’s open expression. Within moments of meeting Cas had read right through him.
“I don’t know Dean, but it cannot be this. Jack is a child,” He’s our child, is what I longed to say, but I could not bear it if Dean rejected that sentiment. He had forgiven Jack, and he had warmed to him, but things were not as they should be. It broke me to see how hard Jack tried to be close to Dean. Lately, it seemed possible...
Cas could imagine Dean’s response to being looked after, especially with Sam around, and it would not be desirable.
“Listen, Dean, no one has ever loved you more than Cas. I think it would be great if you two finally started something.”
“It was my fault, I was pacing and did not look up,” Cas blurted.
It hurts to love, I thought once again, knowing that I had already lost.
Cas rolled his eyes, “Dean, somehow, I am going to try and un-teach you all the things you have learned that are so wrong. Everyone needs comfort, everyone. It was the first thing I noticed as my time with humanity made me more and more human myself. I needed contact, comfort, and even just a simple touch otherwise I felt like I was crumbling under the weight and responsibility of all the things we’ve been fighting. Anytime you wrapped your arms around me, however briefly, the burden seemed more bearable. Also, Dean, little boys and little girls need to be loved in equal measure, affection is not gendered.”
He held out a hand and I took it, letting him pull me to my feet. Then, he wrapped his arms around me, and I felt like a feather, “Castiel, you are my father, and I know you are afraid, but I understand now. I see all things, and I am not overwhelmed. I see the paradise that you and my mother dreamed of. I can do this, because I am your son.”
Later that afternoon, Dean was just returning to the bunker. He had run out to get a few parts for Baby, insisting that she needed a tune-up. He really just needed to get away. He did not regret asking Cas to go out with him that night, but the idea of it still burned with anticipation and fear in his gut. Cas was an angel, and Dean was a still partially closeted man in his forties. He had asked on a whim, but he also wanted to make Cas happy.
“So you and Castiel are in love!” Jack beamed.
Sam came back into the kitchen pulling another bowl down from the cupboard, “We need more popcorn, Claire and Kaia are on their way.”
Dean shifted in his seat, once again wishing Sammy were there, “I don’t know Jack, you just kind of know.”
Cas tilted his head in confusion, “I am saying that the Empty took me because I found true happiness in telling Dean how I felt. I love him Sam.”
“And you love me, too?”
Never had Dean been more grateful for the hot water — decent water pressure was a true gift from Jack — that pressed into his muscles and relieved the tension from both the fight and knowing that Cas was waiting for him. Dean could not count the number of times he had been to bed with women, he just knew it was a lot. On the other hand, Dean could easily count the number of times he had really been with someone. He loved sex, he knew how to have good... no great sex, but really being with someone, with or without sex, was something different. To make matters worse, it had never been with a guy, and to make matters worse than that, it had never been with someone who he loved as much as Cas. The thought came to him before he could stop it, he had not said the words out loud, but he had thought it, and now he could not unthink it. Love, he loved Cas. He pressed his head against the cool shower tiles and tried to steady himself. There was a voice that Dean always heard, knew better than his own that was yelling at him to run, it shouted, “EVERYTHING YOU LOVE DIES!” He felt his hands and feet start to tingle but he took a few deep breaths and tried to remember that this was different. Chuck was not writing his story. Cas was not going to leave.
“Please love me,” I say into the air.
Humanity itself was a distraction from heartache. I found myself frustrated by everything from urination to the constant need to drink water, which led to yet more urinating. Luckily, my time at the Gas n’ Sip had given me enough experience that I could get by, and that is what I told Sam when he knocked on my door my first night without my grace. He had stood in the doorway, hovering, and making sure I had everything I needed. As soon as he shut the door I curled on my side on my freshly made bed and wept. I did not make a sound, I just let the waves of grief take me. Grief for Jack, grief for the loss of my grace, and grief for the love that I knew I could not have.
Sam wanted to check in when they got to the motel, so Dean parked Baby and grabbed their bags from the back. It was a clear warm day, but the wind blew fiercely and the sun was beginning to dip low in the sky, causing Dean to shiver inside his jacket. He hoped the room had better heat than the bunker.
“Cas,” Dean softened instantly, “Cas, I don’t want to take that from him. I… I had that taken from me, I get it, but this is it. This is the last shot at Chuck, and I cannot let that slip. We are talking about an ending where no one has to die or make a deal. We can be free Cas. If we don’t take that then what the hell’ve we been fighting for all these years?”
“No, Dean,” Cas stood up and took a few steps toward him, his brow furrowed and expression stern, “I don’t think you can.”
He sliced the bread and put out some butter for the table, then he put a few of the wildflowers he had picked outside the bunker in a glass of water and lit a candle. Both of those decorative ideas were things he had picked up from watching romantic comedies with Dean. The pasta had been boiling for 30 minutes before Cas realized he needed to strain it. Cas was an angel and could travel between earth and heaven, but he could not for the life of him locate the colander. So, he settled for scooping small amounts of pasta into the sauce a little at time, careful to not deposit too much excess water in the process. When he was done, he looked at the clock, 6:57. So, he turned the heat off. Scooped some of the pasta into a bowl for Dean and dropped a few scoops of shredded cheddar cheese on top. The video had used Parmesan but Cas assumed any processed dairy would be sufficient. Then, just as he sat the bowl on the table, Dean walked into the kitchen.
Cas smiled in spite of himself at Dean’s even-more-gravely morning voice, “I’m well Dean. How did you sleep?”
“What?” Cas asked, hoping that Dean would just say it. He cannot love me.
“If you kissed me,” Cas looked like he was completing a puzzle in his head, “you are attracted to me?”
“When we get back, would you like me to leave?”
Dean stood there, two bowls of popcorn in his hands feeling like Sam had just punched him. He loved Cas, he was not experimenting, of course he was not. That is when it hit him. He realized he had not actually said it, and when Cas had even mentioned defining what they were he had made a joke and changed the subject. Maybe Sam had a point.
She smiled again, straightening the labels of her perfectly fitted white suit jacket, “Well then, I suggest you wake the household, we do not have much time.”
In the back of his mind there was a conversation that had been ongoing since Cas was taken. It was a conversation about why Dean was so unhappy. It was a conversation about why he did not trust himself. It was a conversation about an argument he had been having with himself ever since he was fifteen years old.
Dean stood up, and put his robe over his shoulders. Cas suddenly felt as though he was intruding, he did not usually linger in Dean’s presence both as a form of self-preservation and because Dean appreciated his space.
“Last night,” Cas explained, slowly lowering his hands, “he’s here. He is with Sam now.”
“Destroying Chuck is not the answer, the universe requires power, without it there will be a vacuum and you will once again be fighting the next being in line to fill that void. Even your angel there,” she paused, scrutinizing me, and I tensed in response, “even he tried to play god once and we all know how that turned out.”
“Okay.”
“Yeah! That’ll be great,” Jody said through the speaker phone, “see you kids tomorrow!”
“Hey, ma— Cas,” he tilted his head back and sighed, then let his eyes fall to meet mine once more, “Can we talk?”
This chapter deals with anxiety and mentions homophobia, there is also violence toward a member of the gay community who is unnamed.
“Yeah, I know buddy, but you are,” Dean said, a little harshly.
“Oh,” Sam replied, “is he alright?”
After a few more minutes Cas took their empty containers and threw them in the trash before bringing them both a fresh beer.
“You good, man?” Dean asked, as the waitress set down the next round.
“Cas, Goddammt! I’m not offended. You just… well, you saw that woman tonight, how she looked at us, at me. Over the years, haven’t we heard all the jokes, the jabs about the two of us. Even those damn kids pulled it off the pages of Chuck’s books and wrote it in their musical. What if that was Chuck, too. Messing with us?”
“Dude,” Claire rolled her eyes, grabbing the butter and pouring it into the bowl, “you are such a bad liar. Seriously, what’s up?”
He suddenly had an idea, “Come with me.”
Finally, Cas spoke, “I wasn’t aware that there was a distinction. So… seduction is when one of the parties isn’t interested.”
Claire’s eyes suddenly went wide, “Oh shit, is this about Cas? Are you gay for Cas?”
“Sure,” Dean said, exhaling, “Yeah, of course I love Cas.”
Finally, I got the impression he wanted to ask me something by the way he kept opening and closing his mouth like a guppy.
“I’ll leave you be,” Cas said, starting toward the door.
It was so painful to hear his voice in my head after so many silent weeks. He was crying, and because I love him, I wanted to rip the world apart, but I sat still listening. I felt my grace reaching, stretching out to him. I knew that I could not go to him, he was heading in the right direction. I was a bullseye, and in the state I was in a very slow bullseye for more Leviathan. Yet, I wished I could go to the hunter right then, wished I could stretch my arms around him and tell him it was okay, and that I understood. Dean’s anger is a balm, it keeps him from collapsing in on himself, it was the only thing that drove him aside from the love that he felt for his family. I had always known that, I could feel it.
“You’re not human Cas, you barely know anything about life away from all this shit,” Dean waved his hand around him, “this is not normal. I am not worth it.”
Urination
Sam bit his lip, “...Cosmopolitan that you needed to make Dean something for your first date?”
“You would prefer… what exactly?”
“Of course,” he touched my head and I was healed.
The pain was only numbed by the tears that fell down my own cheeks, and although it was no less than I had expected the air in Dean’s room suddenly felt close.
“Uh, yeah Cas. I figured you got that when I asked you on a date.”
“Yeah,” Sam said, pulling Eileen close, “I’m ready for bed as well.”
“Oh,” Jack’s eyebrows knitted together, “I don’t think I understand. This involved murder and necromancy. Is love always so… gross?”
“I saw, Dean,” Cas replied, trying to catch Dean’s eyes.
“Other than a few very specific memories, I don’t know that I have ever really been happy,” He said finally.
“No, nothing, I’m fine.”
“Well take it easy,” Cas smiled, “Your brother will worry. Is Dean awake?”
“So,” He smirked at Cas, “Sam and Eileen will be back any time now, right?”
Dean did not respond, he just listened to Cas’s words and tried very hard to bite down all the snarky, defensive things he wanted to say. He was going to listen to Cas from now on. If he was honest he never really listened to him like he should have, he was always in battle, always trying to take charge. However, in the past few days, with his defenses down, Cas had said so many things Dean needed to hear, but never thought he would. He wrapped his arms more tightly around the angel and let sleep take him.
I caught up to him and watched as he assembled a Turkey club for both of us with a side of chips and a tall glass of water. We ate in relative silence but I kept looking up to find his eyes already trained on me.
She turned back to Sam signing, “I win.”
Sam and Jack were padding toward the map room, their eyelids still heavy with sleep when I opened the door to Dean’s room. I knew better than to wake him roughly, so I waded quietly to his bedside and placed a hand gently on his shoulder, nudging a little and whispering his name.
I stepped back from the edge of the bed, he was asleep, so I just watched him. My grace had healed him of another wound inflicted in another battle. It was another piece of his humanity that was stripped from him yet it was me that was left feeling wrung out and utterly human. He hates it when I just stand and stare, so I sit in the little chair by his bedside and wait until just before dawn. Then, I slip away and we both pretend I was not there through the night, stopping his nightmares.
Cas, overwhelmed by a very human impulse, took a step toward Dean so that their chests were nearly touching but not quite, “Dean, It is not important to me. You have  talked to me,let me comfort you, and you have let me be a friend to you. You have shown me inside your mind. You have given me so much when I know how difficult it is for you. I don’t need anything more from you, I am very happy just to be with you.”
Eventually, humanity betrayed me and my stomach growled. Dean pulled back and I was almost knocked flat. I thought I knew all his looks — his grimaces, his frowns, his smirks — but the smile that greeted me was so blindingly open and breathtaking that I felt a wide answering grin spread over my face.
“Uh...well…” Dean spluttered, “Nah, man. Nah… I mean… I take it as a compliment….”
“Me too,” Dean said a little incoherently, pressing hands against the angel’s shoulder blades.
Dean looked down defeated, Cas had clearly hit a nerve, “Cas, there are things I hide. I have to… for Sammy… for all of us, but I promise, last night has nothing to do with anything secret. God, it wasn’t even bad.”
“What are you saying Cas?” Sam asked, his puppy-dog eyes wide with surprise.
Cas hesitated, hovering above his seat before sitting back down and taking a sip from his mug.
“Yeah?” He asked finally, his face now crimson, “you think so?”
“Oh,” Cas assumed Sam was aware, “a few years ago.”
Sammy walked into the cave, looking sheepish again, “Hey, sorry to bug you but get this, there was a wolf attack in Eureka. Eileen and I are going to check it out. Just wanted to give you a heads up.”
Suddenly, they were standing in front of the bunker. Cas turned as if to leave but Dean stopped him, grabbing the angle by the wrist.
“Whaaa?” Dean said, his mouth full of turkey and cheese.
Finally he answered, “Yes, I knew it Dean, but it is still very nice to hear.”
Dean balled his hands into fists, his head spun a little and he tried to focus.
“Cas,” he eyed me warily, his hand wavering near the hilt of the blade, “I know this was my idea, but are you sure?”
In general, Sam had spent years being put in the middle of Dean and Cas’s arguments, petty disagreements, and straight up bitch fights. He had endured the silent treatment, the inside jokes, the “profound bond” and, my god, the endless staring into each other’s eyes. He had heard all the comments from creatures and humans alike who seemed to read their relationship like a book. However, this was worse. They had come out of the hotel room flustered and jumpy, and during their interview with the first victims family he had caught Dean fidgeting with a loose string on the hem of his suit jacket — which was fairly insensitive considering that she was describing finding her husband with half his guts ripped out. When they got back in the car, Dean kept looking in the rearview mirror at Cas, and Sam rolled his eyes and looked out the window. Finally, they got to the cabin about an hour out of town where they thought the wolf might be hiding. The woman had said it was a family vacation spot, but they almost never went after her husband’s cousin disappeared four years earlier, a disappearance that just happened to coincide with the other murders. Sam and Dean did not believe in coincidences. The timeline added up, and a secluded spot was exactly where monsters would be. The brothers approached the front door while Cas went to scout the back of the cabin.
This piqued my curiosity, “It means a great deal to me Dean, I am in love with you, but what specifically do you want to talk about?”
Cas watched with a strange fascination as Dean slid the fork slowly between his lips, savoring the flavor of the warm cinnamon and nutmeg that complimented the tartness of the apples. Suddenly, Cas was hungry, but not for food. Dean made a sound deep in his throat as he took another bite, winking at Cas who was staring at Dean, mouth agape. Lecherously, Castiel watched as Dean took one more bite and then it was too much for the angel. His mouth was on Dean’s before he realized he had lost control. Dean was melting into him as Cas pushed the hunter backward onto the kitchen table, his lips parting invitingly. There was nothing chaste in this kiss, but they both fell into a natural rhythm, feeding off one another’s pleasure.
That was when he saw her, the cute brunette at the end of the bar. Her eyes had that same glassy look as his own and they were fixed on Dean, her lips crooked in a delicious smile. He tilted his head in a nod of acknowledgement, before looking back down at his empty glass. Cas was still sitting beside him, drinking quietly even though the alcohol barely affected him, and when Dean looked over at him he was staring into his glass as if he were counting each molecule.
Sam smiled, “That’s it Cas! You should cook for him!”
Dean took a step toward Cas as well, forcing himself to stay steady as the waves of his own drunkenness washed over him, “What the hell, Cas. What is your problem.”
“Fuck you, Cas,” Dean said, his voice rising, “That is the second time you have brought that up tonight. I never asked you to do that for me.”
Things were less confident in the kitchen. He had immediately dropped the lid in the can after opening it, so that it slid into the sauce and then he spilled some of the contents on Dean’s apron while he was trying to retrieve it. The liquid hissed and bubbled when he poured it in the pan, so he turned the heat down knowing that burning was not a pleasant taste. He roughly chopped the oregano, liking the way the leaves felt slick against his fingers before depositing it in the pan then he poured the can of mushrooms and olives in as well. The sauce sloshed in the pan a little at their addition, as Cas had not bothered to drain the excess water from either. Lastly, he added the meat which sort of slid from the can in one gelatinous glob before disappearing into the mixture. In a large pot the water for the pasta began to boil, so he poured in the box. Next, he seasoned the sauce with salt and pepper sparingly, remembering what Sam was always saying about Dean’s salt intake.
“I’ll always save you, Cas,” Dean replied.
“Kiss me,” Dean said, his eyes wide.
Twenty minutes later Dean was already sitting in the Impala when Sam swung open the door.
“Oh,” Castiel replied, unable to mask his disappointment.
Cas and Dean were both standing to the side, feeling confused and more than a little uncomfortable at this display. Finally, Eileen turned to them a huge grin on her face,
Dean growled a little under his breath, of course Sammy was blabbing behind his back.
“Thanks,” Sam said, “It's weird, I have just been so tired, I sleep and it's like my mind is just blank and I don’t even feel that rested… but last night I got a solid six hours and I feel good. I think I’ll maybe go for a light jog.”
If my limbs were of use you could have them —
Dean was watching Cas, his eyes were flickering like he was going through a checklist in his head. Finally, he had to interrupt, “What are you thinking so hard about Cas?”
Cas shot backward, pulling away so that he could meet Dean’s eyes. He immediately softened again when he saw the sense of urgency in Dean’s features, settling again against him and pressing them a little closer together.
After a few minutes lying there, their breath and heart beats slowly steadying. They both found themselves laughing. Dean could have ten drinks but he would not feel as drunk as he did in Cas’s arms. He kissed the top of the angel’s head, his breath rustling his hair. After another few moments, they decided to clean themselves up and put their clothes back on, Dean lendt Cas a t-shirt and a clean pair of boxers. He had considered staying naked, but the room was chilly and he knew he needed some sleep — something that did not seem possible if Cas was beside him all night in the buff. Dean curled into Cas’s warmth, already used to the feel of his angel’s arms and smiled against his chest.
Dean looked as though he had been hit, and his eyes went wide, “What? Why would you ask me that?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas smiled, his eyes crinkling at the edges.
At around noon there was a soft knock on the door, Dean stirred but did not wake, and Cas went to open it. It was Sam, and Cas registered the look of confusion that covered his face to see the angel come from around the door, softly shutting it behind him.
Cas watched his tea steeping and thought about all the times Dean had withheld information, or covered up his own pain in order to ease those around him, or simply stopped a line of questioning as soon as it became too personal.
As if he had been waiting for his queue Cas appeared.
“Let’s go to my room, sunshine,” Dean said, his lips against my ear, “I don’t want Sammy to find us like this.”
Dean decided not to let himself think, he did not allow himself a moment to doubt, he just tried to say what was on his mind.
“Yeah,” Sam replied, a hesitant smile on his face, “That might work.”
The only real way to describe what happened next is that Dean went off-line. He stood in front of Cas his mouth agape, his arms heavy at his sides, unblinking and unable to move. He stood like this for what seemed like hours to Cas before he had to say something to break the tension.
I suddenly wished I also had alcohol.
He followed Dean down the hall, their hands clasped together and their breathing heavy in the silence. Dean knew he would love this angel forever as they slipped inside his room, their bodies practically thrumming with anticipation. As soon as the door closed Cas pinned him against it, kissing him with abandon. Dean had a sudden flash of forever, and he knew two things for sure: Cas would be there, and he would be doing the cooking.
“There is a human word Cas, it’s a word I would never fucking say but my Dad said it, and he called me it a few times when I didn’t get in line. He called me that when I cried, and then sometimes he’d just hit me.”
When he got to the cave, Dean was sitting on the large sofa in front of the tv, he eyed Cas and his lips twitched for a moment, before breaking into an irrepressible smile. He loved the way Cas looked in his clothes, and a little shiver passed through him at the sight.
Eventually, Cas opened the door, and Dean felt like he was melting at the image before him: angel of the lord with bedhead.
Then, he was gone. Sam and Dean were free. I was empty.
Cas did not reply, he did not like using his grace in this way. When he healed someone he liked to know that he was truly helping them. Somehow, he did not think Dean would benefit from knowing there was a way out of a hangover.
“Yes,” she smirked at Dean’s name and my vessel went cold, “but I also know now what you were planning. If Dean was desperate enough to plan my demise, and then too desperate to go through with it, you all must be in need of another option.”
“It makes sense,” Jack went on before Dean had a chance to respond, “you care about each other, you are best friends, you always stand close to each other, and are always hugging, and you look at each other in a way that has always puzzled me, but I understand now. It's that chemistry. You two are my dads and you are in love!”
“So,” she began, her eyes still locked on Dean but her look turning dark, “I understand that your intention was to destroy me and my brother. Yet, you did not. I don’t pretend to misunderstand your plan, I know I was collateral damage but you were wrong, for so many reasons.”
“Walk much?” He said sarcastically, before quickly walking to his bed and ducking under the covers.
Sam smirked despite himself, “Yeah, I know you do Cas. Dean just never told me that is why it took you.”
“Oh,” I was surprised but not shocked, it made sense, “if my grace is gone then the empty cannot take me.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see a broken man, you see someone tainted by the stain of hell. You see all the times you’ve fought and lost and you see what your father wanted you to be, what Chuck wrote you to be… a killer. You are a warrior, true, but you have never been motivated by anger or hate, you fought and fought. You used your body as a weapon, you raised Sam, and you stuck by Jack and you did it all for love. Every time you made a sacrifice you did it because you cared. You saved the world for love and you taught me what it meant to love. You are the reason I was already more human than angel even before Sam took my grace, you taught me to care not about heaven’s directive but about what is real, about freedom. You showed me what it meant to be a man, not the posturing and the persona, the real things.”
“You looking for me, sunshine?” Dean’s voice had come from behind me, and I swiveled to see him smirking, beer in hand.
Dean unpacked his duffle, smiling as he tossed Cas’s boxers in the hamper with his own.
“Yes, just checking on you. You slept rather later than usual.”
This was how Dean had greeted him after he was saved from the empty, but in the weeks that followed anytime Cas was around Dean was distant. Although Cas knew very little about human sexual identity, he assumed that Dean’s discomfort stemmed from heteronormative ideas that Dean so clearly fought to display. It was something that made no sense to the angel who, although he felt that his vessel was as real to him as his angelic form, found the distinctions and labels of humans overly complicated. He loved Dean, he was in love with him, but he felt unable to be ashamed of that fact. Regardless of the hunter’s ability to return his feelings, it was true for him, and it brought him a great deal of joy. Until, that was, Dean began to put a marked distance between them. After that initial embrace, Dean avoided touching him, or sometimes even looking at him. Cas had asked Sam about it and had been surprised that Sam was unaware of the circumstances which had led to his time in the Empty.
“Like the necromancy was gross,” Jack added, smiling.
“So,” Dean looked at the bowl again, swallowing hard, “looks great, man.”
“I did not intend to see anything you did not mean to show me, but I think your subconscious was trying to help me understand. I am an angel, not really a man, but I do not think this vessel is the real problem you have with us being close. I saw what your father said, and I saw how that made you feel. Dean I saw what you did… in the bar… how you… you wanted it Dean and then you hurt him because you were ashamed. Then there was Benny… I know you felt strongly for him. Dean, these feelings, these instincts were never wrong, and they were never bad. You were lied to, John was wrong, there is nothing wrong with you or the things you feel.”
I kept my eyes closed, but I could hear Sam shuffling and then he was pressing something wet against my neck. There was a ripping sound as he taped down a bandage and then it was silent.
“Come in,” I said, expecting Sam.
“Yep, and you can go back to… hanging with Cas.”
Cas frowned at the dish in front of Dean, “My pasta does not look like the one from the video.”
Cas frowned, if it were up to him, he and Dean would be called every endearment under the sun, “No, we can continue to be friends. Although, I would prefer if you did not call me your brother again.”
Jack just smiled and waved, “I’ll see you all in… well it will feel like just a few weeks. Bye.”
“I don’t want to die, Cas. Not really. I just have no idea what I’m doing anymore. I…” he hesitated, “I just feel like you want me to have it all figured out but I don’t man. I’m just not sure about anything anymore.”
Cas froze, he had seen Dean in the morning before, many times in fact, but never in the bunker, never in Dean’s own room, and never after holding him the way he had the night before. Dean smirked at him, yawning a bit into his fist.
Sam was trying his best to choke down the laugh that was threatening to surface, “No, Cas, I get it.” He took a deep breath composing himself and looked at the troubled angel, “So, just so I have this straight, you read in…”
“Dean? Have I upset you?”
“Yes,” Cas replied, and then focused back on the program.
“What are you doing out here?” He said, shaking his head.
Morning Breath
He swallowed quickly and took a bite of the bread.
“How do I look at him?” Dean said, offended.
“Goodnight,” Kaia managed, before turning the corner.
Cas considered this, and while he had enjoyed the sex act he had no real inclination to repeat it under the same circumstances. The attraction he had felt for April was real, but it was born out of desperation, born out of a need to be touched. He had wanted to be touched as an angel as well, but because he could see into the souls of those he cared about, that often sufficed. It was like touching, intimate and comforting. April had initiated sex, and Castiel had been very willing to enjoy that human experience, it was educational and enjoyable, and he learned a great deal with her. However, since that encounter he had not found himself thinking of the incident other than the fleeting desire for release, and he quickly realized he could accomplish that without a partner. When he really stopped to consider it, felt much more attracted to Dean than he had to April, and in that moment he imagined if it had been Dean who touched him…
And that the breeze was your breath against my skin.
Cas was too overwhelmed to speak. Why had Dean been looking at this mouth?
Claire pushed herself forward off the counter where she had been leaning and rolled her eyes again, “Okay, well, good talk Dean.”
“Oh,” Claire bit her lip, “I guess I don’t really think about it. I never had the whole suburban-repression bullshit, so I guess I didn’t care about it, and Kaia is the same.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder sympathetically and it sent a familiar spark through Cas’s gut. Cas wanted to clasp it, and hold onto it, maybe press his face against it... Instead he let it fall and stood, taking his plate to the sink. Another dislike: chores.
“Uh… No,” Dean answered, frowning, “That’s called being a creep. If someone isn’t interested, then you back off. It's more if someone is interested, and you know it for sure, but they are holding back.”
“Oh,” Cas said, missing the joke, “I never considered that would take so much time. I haven’t seen him all day.”
Castiel was so full of want that he was nearly suffering, he had never felt anything so utterly human as this pure desire for Dean. It was powerful yet it made him feel weak, like he would break apart if he could not touch him. Dean had pushed layers of his clothing to the floor but did not seem like enough, and now he was pulling one button free at a time. He was letting Dean lead, letting him feel in control, but all he really wanted was to crush the hunter against the wall and take what he wanted. He loved Dean and he could never hurt him, yet he wanted to bite him, wanted to claw at him, he wanted everything from Dean that he could get.
To me, he is love.
“We figured we would stop in for a good night sleep and save the money on a hotel room,” Claire had said as she punched Dean cordially on the shoulder.
“Hello, Amara,” Dean stood very still, assessing her. Like he was deciding: friend or foe.
Dean looked at the separate keys, “Whoa, hold on there Rockefeller, since when do we do separate rooms? We aren’t exactly flush.”
Sam sighed, pushing his hand through his hair, “Cas, a mixtape is a romantic gift. It’s literally used so much it’s cliche.”
“Yes, Sam showed me a video for how to make this pasta for our date.”
Dean took another step,”Cas, I was drunk at that bar and you let me kiss that woman.”
He felt lucky to escape this conversation with Cas, but when he walked over to the bar there was a burning pang of guilt in his gut. He glanced back over his shoulder to look at Cas. His eyes were shining and his shoulders were slumped beneath his oversized trench coat. Dean pressed down the desire to go back to the table and comfort his friend, What good would come of it, he thought, and turned back to the girl who was now leaning toward him.
“What is your plan, then?” Dean’s voice brought me back and I once again focused on Amara.
“Oh, yeah,” Dean said, pressing a finger to his phone until it flashed the time.
Dean was a little uncomfortable, he knew that a barrier had been crossed with Cas, but to his own surprise he was not eager to rebuild that wall. There had been a moment, as Cas held him that turned on the lights inside him. Despite himself, and his hang-ups and fears, he wanted to keep that light going. He felt he should try, and the way Cas was standing by the door, trying to hide a crooked smile, Dean felt he wanted to try.
Rolling his eyes, Cas decided not to fight about it, at least he was talking. They both sat at the long kitchen table. It was silent for a while, while Dean tried to think of where to start. Suddenly, he realized he really did not know what Cas wanted from him. How could he possibly start.
Castiel practically fell off the bench where he was sitting.
“So?” Cas replied.
“Whoa, man! Chill!” Dean said as Cas tried to regain his breath and slow his heart.
“He will be fine,” he said looking at Amara, “but he is human now.”
“I see.”
They were both taken aback when a woman answered the door, “Can I help you.”
Cas said it because it was the truth, he said it because they had been through multiple apocalyptic events and came out the other side, and he said it because he wanted Dean to be free of it. Of course, Cas truly could not understand why it was of any import to human beings who they loved as long as they did it freely and with full consent, but he had felt how it blackened Dean’s insides to recall these things. It was another trauma life had laid at his feet.
“I don’t know,” Cas answered, sadness in his voice, “but I wish I could help you, you are capable of anything. You are the best person I know.”
“Oh,” Cas had not even thought about it, “I guess I assumed you had not.”
If my eyes were of use you could have them —
Being cold
“I bought you a pie,” Cas stood up suddenly bringing the pie pan and a fork over and setting it in front of Dean.
I nodded once, and then felt the blade scratch against my skin. I closed my eyes, and let humanity take hold. Slowly, I began to feel the weight of my clothing, hear the pipes in the bunker as the air conditioner kicked on, and I could feel the pain that began to bloom where the cut was beginning to bleed.
The next few weeks passed in a blur. Cas had stayed in the bunker for the first week while Sam and Dean hunted a werewolf outside Omaha, but he had joined Dean on a hunt a few days later when he realized it was an angel killing. Cas knew by the bright pink stains left behind by the victims practically vaporizing into thin air that it was an angel of mercy. When they tracked him down, it turned out he was killing innocents for their sadness or frustration which he confused for true suffering. He, like so many angels after the fall, did not understand what humanity truly was, he did not understand that pain is woven so tightly with love and joy that they were sometimes indistinguishable, and that humans were just doing their best to navigate it all. In the end, he would not listen to Cas’s explanation, and Dean had come down on him with the angel blade in just in time to save Cas.
“Okay,” Cas replied, once again confused, “but I thought you wanted to know what upset him.”
“Then you know,” he said, still looking at the ground.
“Well,” Dean said, his voice raising a little, “you don’t just ask that, okay?”
“Yeah, like that,” Dean smirked, “when you love someone… like… in a romantic sense you have chemistry with them. You know, you get along, you are attracted to each other and all that,” Dean felt that this answer bordered on rambling, but Jack seemed sated for the moment so he took a deep breath and poured himself another round.
