********************
When a small, wet, snuffling nose bumped against his cheek, and a little soft tongue licked away a few of his tears, he just pulled Penny into his lap and cried on her.
“There’s a cat.”
“Mrrrw?”
what the
“Oh,” Steve turned, smiling himself, pleasantly surprised. “I thought that word must be out of fashion, that’s the first time I’ve heard it here.”
“Spankings?” Bruce had repeated. He’d looked around at a room of nonplussed faces. “Didn’t any of you have friends, or uh, cousins, um. Kids. When a kid has a birthday sometimes their friends think it’s funny to try to spank them, uh, once for every year old they are now.”
Tony was living in Hell.
No dice. Well. Odds of raising anyone from inside a dead suit were always low, anyway. Also, nobody had ripped his faceplate off yet. Either that had only been a momentary blackout (purpleout?), or the problem was bigger than him.
“I hope so.”
Clint gave a low, fond chuckle. The curb of the sidewalk they were strolling down was also done in rainbow blocks of color, and a ground-floor unit to their left had curtains in the front window striped with crisp bars of pink and red. “Yeah, this is a
Steve chuckled, electing to forgive the transparent change of subject. “She has strong feelings about birds, and how they all need to be caught and brought to me as soon as she sees them,” he explained. He stepped over into dog-petting range, which was also, as a pure coincidence, much closer to Tony. He settled his hand at the scruff of her neck. “Sometimes that means she pulls on the leash, and since the thing she’s pulling against is me, we figured distributing the force away from her throat was a good idea.”
Bucky raised an eyebrow at him. “Stark. Care to tell me why fifty pounds of kibble showed up here an hour before you did?”
As Steve stood watching, still unnoticed in the doorway, Tony tilted his head up a little from where he’d had his face buried in Penny’s shoulder, staring into the distance with red-rimmed eyes.
“Noon already?” Tony asked, waving his fork at the food.
something that was built to last.”
The same thing happens again, and Steve sighs. “Mittens likes it?” he tries. There’s an indignant yowl from inside the cardboard castle.
From offscreen, Steve makes a small, wordless noise of confusion. The shot rotates sideways, as he sits up from reclining along the couch and turns to face the coffee table. He sets down the dummy phone next to his laptop and opens the computer’s screen. His browser is already open to a new tab, and he redirects it to YouTube. (Sharp-eyed viewers may note that the other open tabs include “how to google,” “what is a euro,” and “what’s wrong with this banana.”)
“Rhodeybear! Oh thank god, here, take this one, get in here.”
though. Surely being sneezed on didn’t merit an entire shower.
“I’m so glad I called you.”
“This is literally the first time I’ve ever seen you interact with Penny in any way, and she’s been here for half a month.”
Clint managed to get the first spank when Steve was distracted putting away the freshly-washed components of his breakfast blender, skittering away immediately with a triumphant cry of “One!” and only cackling louder when Steve turned to shoot him an unimpressed glare.
He would’ve lurched upright, but every square inch of him was encountering resistance in the form of a dead suit. He could move it, without power, but not with just a what-the-fuck-where-am-I flinch. The knowledge that he was at least still suited up, whatever else had just happened, served to slow his pounding heart a little.
Vision floated out of a wall, looking apprehensive, and gave Steve an uncomfortably gentle pat on the bum. “I’m so sorry. Team bonding, I suppose?” was the only explanation the android offered before sinking awkwardly through the floor. Wanda was considerably more ruthless, striding up from behind and catching him with a forward-swing on the right and a backhand to the left while he was still contemplating the linoleum where Vision had disappeared. At Steve’s aggrieved look, she merely laughed and threw an arm over his shoulder, leading him off toward the brewing festivities.
Natasha, when asked if she’d like to do something sometime, brought him along to what was apparently a standing weekly girls’ night with Pepper at a club that played a lot of electro-swing and served Very Pink Drinks. The idea had terrified him in concept, but the night itself had been so relaxing he’d readily agreed to come along as often as possible for future Fridays.
Clint eyed him up, apparently debating the merits of running for his life, but instead eventually said, “...are you talking about the word ‘gay’?”
Tony feels so utterly vulnerable, like this, but he can’t help but go limp and relaxed, overcome with a trust that’s been hard-coded in his soul since before he was born. Steve has him. He’s got Tony’s entire chest cradled in the palm of his hand, and it’s warm and solid and strong and Tony’s body wants to panic while his heart knows that he’s never been safer in his life.
The panic itself didn’t actually last long, this time.
This fucking table.
The faint sound of absent-minded whistling preceded Tony into the room, and then trailed off abruptly. Steve spun on his heel, toward the sound, only to find Tony frozen in place, paused in the act of straightening his jacket, lips still pursed, in mid-stride.
Coffee, breakfast, Bruce. Steve had wondered whether his checkered past with Tony would protect his backside on that front, and also wondered whether he wanted it to. It’d be a good sign if Tony joined in, wouldn’t it?
Oh. Dear god.
Jimmy stops short, shocked.
“Is that so?” Steve tried to affect a tone of mild interest, but couldn’t be bothered to put much effort into the facade, with the way Tony was looking up at him through lowered lashes and from an ever-decreasing distance.
would you think that?”
Clint’s boyfriend!” Steve held his hands up, horrified. “Clint’s a nice fella, but no. No. No thank you.”
It dawned on Steve very suddenly that the thing Clint was so afraid of was the possibility that Steve would think this was
nerve-wracking. The cardboard castle had been a good refuge from all that--while it was, admittedly, a bit of a death trap, at least he hadn’t felt so incredibly small when curled up in those little compartments. Bucky was right to take it down, though. It was kind of definitely a death trap.
Steve laughed, and the conversation devolved into a list of increasingly improbable chores and reprimands Tony would have to suffer to atone for being anything less than ecstatic to properly meet Steve. Although Jarvis did allow that asking Iron Man to wash the outside windows on the upper stories might not be an idea entirely without merit (the apron reading “I have to be nice if I want nice things” would not likely be necessary in real life). It was all utterly silly, and went on for nearly an hour, interspersed with a good deal of reminiscing about things that were common when Steve was last awake and when Jarvis was a boy. Eventually, Steve cocked an ear toward the front of the mansion.
Maybe it was because the penthouse didn’t have west-facing windows, due to the height of the library. Maybe that made the view just different enough to seem new.
Tony stares at Steve for a few seconds, the tip of his tail tapping in agitation. Finally he lets out a tiny, resigned huff, and steps forward. He swipes his cheek across Steve’s hand, just once, and flops to the floor with his back pressed against Steve’s leg. He’s awake, because he was upright zero seconds ago, but seems determined to convince the both of them that he is now sound asleep.
Steve blinked at him, momentarily struck dumb, unable to even hear the vet’s answering opinions. “Tony?” he broke in after a few seconds.
Steve remained skeptical of Clint’s assessment, but allowed himself to be drawn out of his worry about the dog for a movie, a beer, and a chat while she continued to snooze. It felt good to have a friend around, and he was struck with a pang of guilt at having not spent any time with the team since Penny had arrived. In fact, he really hadn’t spent anything like an appropriate, proportionate amount of time with most of his new teammates even before that. It had just seemed to happen that he’d spent most of his time with Tony, which had been great, but it was definitely past time to reach out to the others as well.
likes it.”
Steve’s jaw goes tense, his eyes downcast, and Bucky knows that face. He knows most of Steve’s faces by now, and this wasn’t the one he was hoping to see today. Not after Steve had been so sure.
He’s wired for the eyes that are looking back at them out of his phone screen right now, but unfortunately, a photo isn’t going to seal them, either.
Carefully now, at what he would consider to be about 5% power, Steve repeated his throw and managed to launch the toy in a smooth arc only about ten yards down the open field. Penny dashed after it again, this time able to keep pace. As the disc started to lose altitude, but before it could get lower than about five feet off the ground, she bunched every muscle in her little body and
Eventually, Tony noticed.
Instead, he’d arrived at their bench, exhausted and desperate, and found a Steve, and looked into his eyes, and nothing had happened.
“Figaro.”
Tony stared at him, from the stealthy half-crouch he’d been caught in. Steve stared back, cheeks reddening.
“Yes, and you’ve taught her that she can run to the end of the leash at mach three and you and your scientifically-impossible rotator cuffs won’t budge an inch,” Tony complained, rolling his shoulder out again, melodramatically. Steve showed no sympathy.
“Just trying to think like a teenager. You don’t think he looks like a Garfield, what does he look like? A Herman? Justin? Howard.”
Steve had to pause, to try to draw breath past the lump in his throat.
Steve doesn’t know what to do.
“Who...?”
people don’t know. Nobody who actually knows Steve Rogers has any idea he’s doing this. None of the people who’d know in a heartbeat that piloting a hoverboard around his apartment while aiming a camera down at his own feet and making noises of hilarity and distress as he careens into things is
“Mmm.”
Steve kept his thoughts to himself as the elevator rose, and exited, per JARVIS’s directions, toward the library. He didn’t call for Penny; it never seemed polite to wander around shared areas shouting, no matter who was home. That being the case, the scene that greeted him as he slipped into the library and started scanning corners for his wayward pet was as candid and unguarded as it was utterly unexpected.
Bucky admonishes, letting the last two words come out stern and scornful. It’s habit, when he’s talking about fire. “If you were gonna build something, you should’ve waited for me to get home.”
A single finger landed across his lips in no uncertain terms.
The trouble was, the whole compound was Tony’s home field.
Steve was looking at Tony more or less the same way the dog had looked at his lunch.
The rest of the day was a
Steve leapt up to try and catch her. Penny scrambled away, snarfing deli meat as fast as possible while also trying very hard not to be wherever Steve was. Tony would’ve helped, but he was too busy laughing his ass off.
thinks you’re hilarious.”
And for years after, whenever Jarvis served the Captain a hot drink, be it tea, coffee, or cocoa, it always came with a dessert fork in place of a teaspoon.
“What do we need, a leash?” Tony snapped off, a cheery press smile on his face. “Collar? Kibble, definitely, dog’s gotta eat. Oh, a bowl! Carrier. Does a dog that size need a carrier? What else?”
, didn’t it. Out of everyone he’d met in this new life, it just had to be the devastatingly handsome genius, with the roguish smile and the sparkling eyes; the one person who always seemed to know what movie Steve would like, what kind of food he should try, what sort of clothes he should wear to feel like he fit in without feeling like he was dressed in a Normal Human costume.
There’s a scuffing noise, and the cardboard castle shivers like weight is shifting inside it. Through the sliver of daylight between the edge of the boxes and Steve’s side, Bucky can just see a dark shape slink past. Steve glances down, registering the movement, and reaches a hand behind himself, into the triangle of void space between the small of his back and the wall. Bucky can hear purring.
Steve froze. His eyes went very wide.
Or rather, Tony was yanked violently out the doors so quickly that Steve lost sight of him for a moment. Steve could feel his body ratcheting up into SAVE TONY mode in the blink it took to locate him again, but before he could make it a full step out the doors after him, the picture took shape.
Rhodey blinked at him a few times from the rec room doorway, before looking down at what had been shoved into his arms.
He’s so shocked, his first impulse is to close the laptop and put it away, and hope that makes it stop. Then he chuckles at himself, because that isn’t how the internet works and he knows it. He does it anyway. Better to face this problem later, when he’s not so battleworn. He shuts down the computer, heads up to the penthouse, snuggles into bed curled around the best man he knows, and puts it out of his mind for now.
Tony spasmed.
“I drop-kicked a wrench.”
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Look...it’s complicated. I’m having a lousy week. I’m gonna let you get out of here, just, for the record, it’s. It’s good. I’m glad you have each other. You’re good together. Just take care of him, okay? And the dog. Now get out of my house and go have fun.”
“They’re gone.” Tony clarified, and now that Steve knew what he’d been trying to say, he was impressed at how steady Tony’s voice stayed. “Their apartment...it’s a miracle the dog lived. Nobody else did.”
Tony had run all the way from downtown up to Greenbriar Park, in the dark, on four legs, disoriented and terrified, on the strength of one hope. The hope that he was running straight to his person. His person could help him, should have been able to help him. He’d been so sure that if he reached their bench and found his other half, he’d be able to look into their eyes, and, and they’d have been
is living his life grafted to a machine that came out of the brain of Justin Hammer and Tony will not have it, this is not okay, this is incalculably not okay. And, that, there, Tony can read it now: the patch on Bucky’s shirt says
There’s an emphatic little
Steve took a few seconds to process that, in his half-asleep state. “Are you asking for permission to keep the Steve cat?”
(See the end of the chapter for
--chip entered to ask them what they’d like to do.
********************
Every time Steve got him cornered--and it did happen, because Steve was Steve and Tony wanted to say yes to him even when looking into Steve’s Big Sad Eyes made him feel like he’d been gutted--Steve wanted to talk about Gay Stuff. He would lead into it, a bit, chat about something normal for a few minutes to get Tony’s guard down, and then suddenly he’d be asking if he should get Penny a rainbow bandana, or if he should come out publicly now or wait, or what do you think of this, or is this the done thing, hey Tony, Clint says--
Tony slumped onto the sofa and let himself make the biggest and saddest eyes he knew how. Steve sighed.
The loose tabs Tony had JARVIS keep on all the tower’s residents quickly showed that Steve had started spending more time with Clint, after Penny happened, which was a relief. Tony’d worried that his early monopolizing of Steve’s time would have made it harder for him to reach out to the others, but he seemed to be getting along all right. So, taking his cue from Steve, Tony had looked for other teammates to drag around town during down time.
Tony pulled his feet in until he could tuck his face behind his knees, wrapped his arms around himself, and cried for all he was worth. He didn’t think, didn’t process, didn’t worry. Just cried. Just let the catharsis carry him, thoughtless, to whatever was next.
Jarvis stood stupefied in an utter panic for no less than forty-five seconds, at the minimum. Had he somehow left it out, in this room?! Tony would be appalled. No, that was impossible, it never left Tony’s room, the team would see it, he’d never live it down, so he kept the dear old thing to himself. Had it been on Tony’s bed, then, perhaps with the door cracked? Maybe the Captain had glimpsed it, and thought it amusing...?
“I think you and I will get along better if we have a little chat, Mr. Jarvis,” he said, squarely meeting the old butler’s gaze.
“...thank you,” What else could he say, to all that? Jarvis shook himself. “Goodness, what am I saying, letting this be the least bit about me, you’re alive! After all this time, Master Tony’s doomed soulmate is alive and home! What can I do for you, surely there were things you were missing in that state, anything I can provide?”
the things he was tempted to say, obviously. It was just that he’d only been dating Steve for about twenty minutes so far and any declaration above “that jacket looks good on you” would probably be A Lot at this point.
Tony hunches down, curling his spine like a wound spring; he’s measuring parabolas with his eyes, calculating force and trajectory, wind resistance, gravity. His paws are shuffling on the tile, scooching him to the best spot to launch.
Bucky laughs, and trades places with Steve to dump out the coffee, rinse his mug in the sink, and pour a fresh cup. Steve takes Tony with him out to the living room, and it’s far away from coffee, but at least he’s still close to Steve.
The workshop didn’t hold much appeal right now; working while this cranky usually resulted in either a mild-to-moderate injury or an update to the War Machine armor that even Rhodey would think was a bit on the WMD side. So, with the place to himself, Tony took to wandering the common floor, barefoot, in flannel sleep pants and an old undershirt, with a blanket draped around his shoulders like a cloak.
ALLCAP gains two thousand new subscribers that night.
Steve stared at him blankly for about three floors, before the image of a small glass bottle with that brand name on the front floated to the top of his recent memory.
? Holy shit, I’m terrible, I’m the worst boyfriend, you shouldn’t have to resort to such desperate measures,” Tony lamented with a self-deprecating chuckle.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, under his breath. Not likely. “We’ll see.”
Tony sighed. “So there’s good...well, no. There’s news.” Tony corrected himself, a little bit nonsensically, but they’d known each other a few weeks and Steve was starting to get a sense for how Tony talked. “It’s mostly bad, really, pretty bad, but, um. There’s been sort of a rush on shelters and things, since the invasion. Like, they’re running out of space, that kind of rush. Because there’s so many lost pets, obviously…” Tony trailed off and waved a hand through the air, vaguely miming an explosion. “Big holes in buildings. Lots of pets got lost. Lots of people looking for them. But, uh.
“Ready?” he asked her, and she wuffed back at him, lurching into an expectant, perfectly-still waiting stance, gaze fixed on the new disc as if to say
“For what?”
“Lucifer?” Swat. “Henry.” Shuffling noises. “Rumpleteazer.”
By the time Steve looks up from this performance, Bucky has figured out how to change the TV over to YouTube, and is laboriously typing out a search for cat-tree tutorials, depressing newscasts successfully banished. Tony’s a weird cat, but he’s a good distraction.
Steve thinks about it for a second, then twists backwards to look at the cat over his shoulder. “Mr. President?” he tries.
“Tony? Tony! Stay with me, honey, I need you on your feet here.”
So, when he realized that Penny was days overdue for anti-flea and anti-worm bathing and medication, Clint got to show him how to keep her still without hurting her, got as splattered with extra worming cream as Steve did when she shook a mouthful of it all over the room, and got to share Steve’s phantom itches for the rest of the day after they’d watched untold millions of fleas trying to escape the bath.
“Yes Buttercup?” Tony was mostly distracted by the shards of what had recently been a lamp.
“Fuck you, I did a great job.”
Which would’ve stung, from anyone, especially after all the times Clint had assured him that everyone would be happy for him, but it just had to be
“I’ll grab you a beer. Don’t kick anything else.”
“His suitcase was full of dog toys??”
“Oh gosh, Tony, I’m sorry, that must’ve been, uh, I just,” Steve stammered, at a loss to explain himself. He looked down at the dog and made a few unacceptable faces of his own. His internal monologue was clearly also running something along the lines of
even, Jesus, fuck magic--that Strange had asked them all to wear when they went on his errands. In case of
“Hey, you’ll get there,” Bucky says softly, bumping the side of his shoe against Steve’s knee. “If it wasn’t right, it wasn’t right. You’ll find them. Next time.”
“I don’t know what happened,” Steve mumbles. “I was there every day, for hours. I even went back at sunset, yesterday, in case I had the time backwards. I was--it was
And then, of course, there was Steve’s face swimming into focus above him. He had that look on. That I’m-doing-my-very-best-not-to-feel-feelings-right-now look, which meant he was really feeling a lot of feelings, and none of them were nice.
“Are, are you petting
a cute cat. Don’t pet him, he’ll eat you. Oh, and here comes Bucky with Catasha.”
But Tony still felt so
“Fuck,” Steve whispers, and slumps until his chin is on Bucky’s shoulder. Okay, so maybe he does know he’s clinging. Bucky lets his hand rest on Steve’s knee with a reassuring squeeze. In the background, the cat yells at the TV again. “Just, out of everybody in the world, you know? Why did it have to be Tony Stark?” Across the room, the cat yells louder. “After everything he’s done, for the world, for this town--”
“Peewee.”
“You...you DO?!” he chokes out after a second. “What, you, stop the presses, oh my god this is incredible, what is it? What, what the
“Thank you,” Steve said firmly, not letting go of his hand, staring him intently in the eye.
The world went suddenly very bright and very violet.
“Thirty-four, boss,” FRIDAY responded on cue with the current total.
“Nonono my mouth was open,” Tony was babbling through embarrassed laughter. Somehow, he managed to find his feet and scramble toward the door. “Party foul, I’m out, JARVIS I need some kind of face-shower, hot as possible--” He disappeared out of the library for a brief moment, before leaning just his face and one arm back through the door to point at Steve and shout “LUNCH!” and then he was gone.
.” Steve squints a little harder. “Any time from now on that it’s a little too obviously actually you--or me, or anybody who wants to get in on it--in one of your videos, your fans are just going to take that as endorsement from actual Avengers of what you’re doing here. No more well-meaning Cap fans --such as my own dumb ass--claiming that you’re insulting a national icon, because
“No!!” Tony threw both arms around Steve’s neck and hugged him very tightly, if from an awkward angle, just for a moment. Then he backed off, leaving his hands on Steve’s shoulders. “Never, Steve. You’re my goddamn favorite, I could never hate you. And the B stands for Bisexual, not Bigot, thanks.”
“I see. And why have you not told him?”
Steve pulls back out of Tony’s reach and lets a skeptically-raised eyebrow make his counterpoint for him.
Clint’s arm appeared around Steve’s shoulders, squeezing in silent solidarity.
“What’s the emergency?”
Steve stood at the entry to the kitchen, beaming. “I haven’t cooked a hot meal in a real kitchen since 1943.”
Most of the books Tony actually liked to read were stored at ground level, in the free-standing shelves between the entrance and the windows. If it hadn’t been for Pepper, he probably would’ve just kept digital copies on his local servers for easy access from any screen in the tower. But, needing to fill all the shelf space had given him an excuse to get well-worn old copies of Tolkien and Niven and Asimov and Adams and before he knew it he had three whole rows where the only shared category was “the ones Tony likes.”
He picks up the phone again and replies, “I fixed it.”
So it wasn’t so much a
Just when he was sure he knew what was happening in his life, he’d turn around and discover he’d accidentally adopted five tourist-tamed feral cats from the middle of nowhere, France.
Tony blinked. Shook his head. Tried banging on the helmet a few times, until the HUD settled back into a readable array of information, arranged around the display of Steve’s worried face. Nodded, once, sharply.
“He’s not after your man, Stark,” Bucky laughed, clearly repeating himself from an earlier conversation.
“Less chatter, more putting a stop to this before they do any more damage to this World Heritage Site,” Steve suggested.
“Nnnnno?” Steve’s voice rose until he was pretty sure only Penny heard the end of the word. “That was only me. Clint was just helping. Because I didn’t know that was a thing I could do, until he told me.”
“Buck? What…?” Steve isn’t facing the TV, it’s along the same wall that he’s leaning against, but he can see Bucky’s face and that’s enough to warn him that the news is bad before the anchor repeats enough of what’s on the screen that he, too, goes pale and still.
Bucky makes a
Tony gasped, very softly.
Tony needed to break the tension (again, twenty-minute-old relationship), so he pulled back his hand to show Steve his mustard-covered thumb, and gave a slightly reproachful little tilt of his head, as if to say
Within about an hour they were over the bridge and standing in a small, dog-friendly park in Bed-Stuy that Clint had described as “his favorite.” Steve bent to unclip Penny’s leash once they were inside the fence, and when he stood back up, Clint was grinning at him.
“You came out together!”
Tony gave a wet laugh and a wetter sniffle. “That’s no excuse for being a dick about it,” he paused, and the jingling of Penny’s collar suggested that he was petting her to give himself time to think. “You deserve to be happy. I had no right to just...cut you off like that.”
It’s fine.
Steve swallowed heavily, scrubbing the heel of his hand over his eyes to keep them from misting up again. “That sounds wonderful.”
“Did you send someone out to buy that, just now?”
Probably best not to bring that up with their new arrival on his
His viewers will assume the absurd numbers are faked.
he tries to think at Steve, even though he knows it won’t work. It’s not like the bond is going to suddenly seal now, five days later.
The viewers compliment him for excellent graphical effects work.
Tony immediately held up a finger to ask the vet to wait, and turned to focus on Steve. “Yep?”
“Honey,” Steve wrapped a comforting hand around Tony’s bicep. “This life we lead, your incredulity meter gets turned down. It has to, or we can’t function. One time a tree introduced itself to me. Bucky believed the cats were us, and so did Rhodey. So did Stephen, until he saw differently. And Tony?” Steve moved him until they were facing each other, both hands now resting on Tony’s shoulders. “If Stephen believed you? That means it was
“Aw, don’t be like that,” Steve hip checked Tony, gently, as he rinsed out his toothbrush. “I think it’s pretty funny, actually.”
“Ninety-nine,” Tony announced softly. He raised the other hand, brought it down just the same. “One hundred.”
it. Every detail was resonating. And now he won’t echo me on any of it. I don’t know what changed.”
Steve twirled this one in his fingers for a moment, getting a better feel for its heft. He smiled down at Penny, whose enthusiasm was through the roof again, previous transgressions forgotten.
“...what.”
For a moment, Steve actually had a little trouble reconciling what was before him now with the pajama-clad ball of emotion he’d found on the library floor. What exactly Tony had done to his face and hair was far beyond Steve’s ability to say, but he looked fresh, energized, and not at all like he’d been weeping on someone else’s dog an hour ago. His hair, unlike Steve’s outdated side-part, had been teased into some kind of gravity-defying fluff that looked effortless, natural, and extremely soft. Steve sort of wanted to pet it. A lot.
“Oh, absolutely,” Steve assures him at once. “I’m a big fan of the You Tubes,” he goes on, deliberately pronouncing it as two words and trying desperately not to fidget with anticipation. Fallon starts to say something else, but Steve can’t help himself. “I have my own channel, in fact.”
“Not on your life, Cap,” Clint swore. “I mean, it’s still a complex topic and you should probably read up and get some information from a source that’s not me, but speaking as a 21st century gay? It’s doable. I have a very nice partner, I love him very much, and I feel safe saying that in front of my friends. Around here that goes for most of the strangers, too.”
“Yes?”
Unthinking, Tony answered the sound by letting one hand drape down beside his chair, still using the other to manipulate code. A tiny, wet nose brushed against his fingertips, followed by the long, soft drag of fur as Steve walked past his hand, repeatedly.
“...Bucky got to keep his cat.”
There are voices coming from behind the door, or at least Steve’s voice, when he runs out of steps to stomp on and arrives at their landing. He dawdles, jangling his keys, and raps twice on the door with his knuckles--left-handed, so that Steve can’t possibly not know it’s him--and then finally unlocks the door and swings it open.
“And. Um. Steve’s a hundred,” Bruce had finished with a wince, apparently realizing he’d made a terrible mistake. “Sorry, Steve.”
He stares.
“Quite a coincidence, isn’t it,” Tony observed. He wet his lips. “I think the subject might bear further discussion, if you’re amenable. I could take you to lunch?”
“You know I did just tell you that I used to
want to be your friend, Steve, that’s what I’m trying to say. I took the news badly, but that’s on me, that’s a completely me-problem, and I’ll get through it. I’ll do better.”
.................uh
“I’m sure we won’t have to go through
“For EVERYTHING.”
to get all heart-eyes over Steve, obviously. If this had been
Steve had started off with rinsing his face, but by the end he realized he’d pretty much washed his whole upper half in the sink, and felt a little foolish for not having just taken a shower. It had only been a
To be fair, they had mostly looked a lot younger than Tony, so maybe it was a generational thing.
He’d gone all the way through bashful and into terrified, judging by the hunch of his posture and the quaver in his voice. Tony wanted to tell him it’d be okay, whatever it was, but Clint was there first. He reached out and gave Steve’s arm a reassuring squeeze. Steve met Clint’s eyes, and Clint nodded, encouraging, whispering something that looked like
and he’s
Tony realizes, and it’s a bit hard to get a thought that cogent through to the forefront because in Tony’s opinion nothing that comes out of Hammer’s factory is fit to hang a coat on, much less to serve as a functional part of a human being’s body. The fact remains, though, that no fire department, police force, or other emergency response service would ever clear him for active duty with that hunk of junk for a major limb. Several airlines wouldn’t let him sit in an emergency exit row.
Steve felt his insides wither. He started to pull back, but Tony grabbed his wrist to keep his arm in place.
Steve turned his head and began licking Tony’s right hand, with great gusto.
Oh good, just what Tony had hoped he wasn’t reading: more articles about Tony being missing. Tony hates those. They make Steve get that little wrinkle on his forehead, and it stays for hours, no matter how cute Tony is being, right here in the room. By now Tony’s pretty sure that neither of the human-shaped occupants of this house are going to put two and two together no matter how loud he meows, so he’d rather Steve just didn’t read them.
The entire clip is barely twenty seconds long: filmed with a cell phone, the video opens on a tight shot of a brand-new StarkTab lying on a kitchen counter. Then, Steve’s hand drifts into frame, one finger outstretched to punch the power button with exaggerated deliberateness. As the tablet powers on, the camera zooms in close on one of the many icons on the home screen. The next few seconds consist of rapid jump-cuts from one icon to the next, shown at increasingly odd angles and absurdly close zoom, accompanied by a splattering of question marks and Steve’s own voice making incoherent, helpless noises. Finally, a last jumpcut to a shot of the empty living room. A beat passes, then the tablet flies into frame from below (as if thrown by the camera person) spinning like a frisbee and making a perfect, graceful arc into the wastebasket by the bookshelf on the far side of the room. Steve’s hand appears in the corner of the frame giving a thumbs-up, and bright yellow text spelling “20 POINTS” overlays the shot, filling the screen.
After Clint had explained, though...that was much worse. Steve had started to wonder what it might be like to hold Tony’s hand. To sit with him in the park. To share an embrace, unhurried, not worrying who might see. To see him stumble out to breakfast one morning, still half-asleep and rumpled, with his hair sticking up like it always did, and just kiss him. Right in front of everyone.
The car Steve had parkour’d over had pulled up along the sidewalk--double parked, but who’s counting--and Steve had spent all of the time it took Tony to catch up with him leaning into the passenger window, talking intently with the driver. No doubt making sure everyone was all right, probably giving them his insurance information for good measure, just in case that footprint in the hood didn’t pop out neatly with a light tap. Tony couldn’t hear any angry voices, as he got closer, but there was something oddly tense about Steve’s posture.
Steve’s eyes swiveled again to all the attention-grabbing splashes of color. “That’s...not a secret, is it,” he managed, still somehow getting enough air through the iron bands around his lungs to form words. “People know what the flags are.”
jump it. He
out and finding out--or rather, falling under the mistaken impression--that Tony would hate him for it, he’d dreamed of a chance like this. A simple, private moment. A small intimacy he could share with the fella he liked.
Penny, who had been watching this exchange avidly, positioned with her nose exactly at face-height, only a few inches away, sneezed enormously.
“Not at present, Captain,” the AI replied smoothly. “Miss Rogers is currently on the communal floor, and seems disinclined to follow my summons back to the elevator.”
“Definitely,” Bucky asserts again. Steve is leaning into his side, almost clinging to him; Bucky deliberately doesn’t call him on it. Not that Bucky objects, but if he pointed it out then Steve might stop, and honestly they could probably both use the support right now.
“I am
When Steve had come out to the team over breakfast, Tony had eventually managed to paste on a smile and cough up a “good for you.” Perhaps not the most enthusiastic reaction at the table, but positive.
“I fucking hate magic,” he announced, just to watch a tiny fraction of the tension ease out of Steve’s shoulders. “You go low, I’ll go high.”
Though Tony still hadn’t quite figured out why the hell everyone was so attached to team
Tony was going to be quite embarrassed about what happened next, afterwards.
talks about my husband like that,” Steve reminded him, voice shuddering around barely-contained emotion. “Never.”
“Tony Stark,” Bucky states, apropos of nothing, in the middle of Steve’s rant.
, Jarvis. I was pretty sure things weren’t going to change.”
“Yeah.”
Steve scoots around until he’s next to Bucky, where he can see the screen. “This happened
you?”
“Tony…” Steve sighs, exasperated, because how the hell has his
Of course, that plan went perfectly just up until the exact moment that Jarvis stepped into the library and laid eyes on the Captain.
Steve took a moment to think it over.
Rhodey, halfway to seated on the couch, glanced down and changed course in a sudden lurch to avoid landing on Steve. Steve, unperturbed, climbed into Rhodey’s lap and made himself at home.
Tony’s staring at the floor, sulking, because cats are allowed to sulk, it’s expected, and he feels like he’s earned it, anyway. It’s been a hell of a week. Less than a week, even, but still plenty of hell. He’s got a long list of complaints he’d like to submit, but chief among them right now is that everything is
He did.
Tony’s eyes bulged out of his head. “You--what--you think I--Steve, if I couldn’t stand the sight of queer people, I’d need to have all the mirrors taken out of the penthouse.”
because it looks liek the whole world has sends it
The bigger problem was that that little spike of panic seemed to have pierced right through all the dividing walls between the other emotions that Tony had been trying not to feel for the last week, and all the dams inside him burst at once.
“Did...did you just give me a damp cat?”
Clint had been first out of sheer proximity, but now Tony had his choice, and to the surprise of nobody ever, he made a beeline to the pile of red, white, and blue.
The thing about this table is that it’s very tall.
Steve huffed out a breath, catching a backdraft of carpet-scented air, and shifted to work his forearms under his chin. He did not, despite the aggrieved voice of Sarah Rogers in the back of his mind, stand to greet his visitor.
“I am, which is why it was weird that he knew,” Clint replied mildly, meeting Steve’s incredulous stare with a pointed look. “Also, it’s part of the reason I don’t think he’s being a homophobe at you. He knew I was on my way to see my partner and he said he was happy for us. Hell if I know how he found out, but he’s Tony Stark, maybe he just knows things. Anyway,” he gave Steve’s shoulder a last squeeze before standing up. “I better get going if I want to be out there by lunch. My guy gets pretty annoyed when people are late.”
“Well I hoped not, you seemed like a good guy so far, but you are from grandpa times,” Clint gave an apologetic shrug. “That doesn’t always go so good.”
Couple of new tags to mind! Not an especially severe case, but Tony did have one of those childhoods here, so heads up.
“Stop me if I’ve got it wrong,” Tony begins, “It seems like this experience has been very freeing for you, because everyone expects Captain America to be a sort of serious figure. Paragon of Virtue and Responsibility and all that. People love you, but they think of you as sort of...sober.”
“You can’t prove that,” Steve scoffs, prim and haughty.
“Nobody had to tell me!” Tony threw his hands up in frustration. “I have eyes! You’re not subtle! Case in point, you’re literally holding a leash in your hand right now, and there’s more dog toys in that bag than there are clothes. Two plus two equals three days of fetch and nudity, Birdbrain.”
Everyone waited politely for him to go on, but he appeared to be struggling to find the words. Tony’s brow furrowed, watching Steve slowly turn pink.
“Beauxbatons,” Natasha corrected over comms. “This is France. The French one was Beauxbatons.”
His plan had gone perfectly.
Phone! Phone is a reasonable thing to do with hands. Yes. Phone. Tony fished the device in question out of his pocket. Dog is hurt, ask Jarvis for directions to a vet. This is what a normal person would do, for sure.
“No no no, Steve, bro,” Clint waved him off, still on the ground and gasping for breath. “Those things are like fifty cents apiece and dogs routinely rip them apart after a few throws, I brought like, twenty. Here.” He dug into his bag again, this time giving Steve a chance to glimpse the edges of many more red plastic discs, and passed a second, identical toy shield to Steve. Penny brightened immediately. “Just go a little easier and she’ll bring it right back to you.”
Tony slammed the bedroom door behind him shaking off any clothes steve had thrown over him after the battle, he walked into the bathroom peeling off his under suit wincing at any chaffing or cuts the armor had failed to protect. He turned on the hot shower groaning as he got in.
‘ JARVIS has fresh coffee brewing in the kitchen, all you have to do is fill your mug! Xoxo ‘
Tony glared back.
Steve folded his arms looking into Tony’s eyes.
Option three will be uncomfortable and probably result in no good sleep if any, but will score Tony some valuable guilt points for future comfort.
Bucky scoffed at the red head, he took a sip of the cold soda and sighed looking out towards the seemingly endless sea.
Steve reached across the bar and ran a hand threw tony’s half bedhead.
Steve shook his head and began to strip out of his pajamas and enter the shower.
Natasha shook her head at him.
she smiled.
Bucky shrugged.
“Fork it over captain, or reap the consequences”
Tony argued.
“Where’d your trace signal come from huh little fella?”
Tony threw his hands in the air along with the paper “do you hear yourself?! Did you hear me? I asked my AI to read something for me, i’m old J! Im getting old!”
“Blindness? What's this about blindness Tony?”
“And so in the process of making this muscle reconstructor” steve said with air quotes.
“If you’d prefer i ignore your very regionally appropriate saltiness i’ll take my umbrella and my lunch for five somewhere better and leave you to burn in the blistering sun,”
Tony and jarvis read the paper, rhodey and tony have a talk.
Tony remarked very annoyed.
“Rogers should be landing at JFK in 20 minutes, a shame he’s gonna miss all the fun.”
He walked over to the shower pulling the curtain aside and throwing the comb at steve’s head, or what he aimed at was his head.
Steve looked at the pointlessly hovering clock on the bar and cursed under his breath grabbing the last few bites of his breakfast.
buckynat galore.
“I am going to set off the fire alarm if a Steve does not appear with my blanket very soon.”
Tony took the toothpaste and began to start what he never did.
Steve sighed handing the man his snickers anyway.
Bucky looked at Natasha over his shoulder.
Steve squeezed tony’ arm a little jolting him back to reality.
“WORKING ON IT!” tony yelled jamming a screwdriver into the head of another ultron clone before moving to the offline iron man suit.
Tony looked down at all the scars steve gently ran his hands over until the made their way up to the reactor.
This was going to be a long emotional morning.
Tony said in a very loud monotone voice, but nothing except his own echo answered him. Tony then walked over to the fire alarm on the wall and slowly put his hand near it.
“What's pegging?”
Tony asked looking up to the ceiling where the disembodied voice lingered.
The sound of a phone vibrating broke the silence. Bucky, who still had sunscreen all over his fingers pulled the vibrating noise maker out of his front pocket covering the stark phone in white goop, Answering the video call.
“ Any idea why Ultron happen again?” jennifer asked panting slightly after decimating a robot.
“Lasers, steve duh”
“Wait what's the opposite of kicking ass?”
Tony was too tired to care.
Tony glared at her.
He made sure the last part was semi-understandable so he didn’t have to repeat himself in more detail.
Tony paused
Steve grimaced as the sun shown through the curtains. It was early, around time for his morning sunday run. He decided against it because of the injuries he contracted after yesterday's scuffle, Ultron back but in a less intimidating more cheap copy was annoying and exhausting. Some of the team away on business that could not be avoided didn't help. He began to wake himself up swinging his legs of the bed wincing at the pain in his abdomen, the serum helped but it wasn't an instant fix. Being hit with metal poles at high velocity would put anyone out of commission. Steve glanced around the room noticing the drawers on tony’s side of the bed were ajar. Tony hid his contact solution in there since the last time he left it out kate and gabby stole it to make slime. Steve chuckled at the thought.
“And to think we flew here not less than than 24 hours ago and half our team is called back on some mutant freedom riots”
Tony looked back at him and nodded “it’s not a big deal, really. Just a little surgery nothing i can’t handle, but not now not with Ultron and hanks break down i’m not gonna drop off the avenging map just so i can see a little better.”
“C’mere i’ll get your back”
Steve looked unimpressed.
Jarvis took a moment to pull up articles and items of information on cataracts.
“Somewhere over the atlantic, how should i know?”
Thor laughed patting Steve on the back as he opened the bar taking a chomp out of it and walking out of the kitchen.
“I looked at the ultron corpses that hank shrunk back in the day, no signs of any outside contact until they were our size again, they were acting alone. The only mystery is how they got back- and hank is working on that part so don’t drag my ass about it I did my due” tony said throwing his hands in the air.
Great now he felt guilty.
Tony asked in the pissiest voice he could pull.
Tony blurted out, dammit. That was subtle
“Honestly if that's the dirtiest thing you could think of to say, i’m a little disappointed”
“Yeah, good to see your unmaintained face too. Where's my hunk of hunk?”
Steve grinned almost evilly his hand rose to the countertop with the long snickers in hand.
Tony gently stepped down from the chair.
Fuck it, tony said internally running a hand through his hair.
He asks as if that entire conversation did not happen.
Steve grabbed his fork shoving more eggs in the genius’ mouth.
“The big bad blondie come to rough me up me again?” Tony asked his eyes shut leant back in his chair hands woven together on his lap
“ i’m gonna get some training time in with Jen and i’ll catch you at briefing in a couple hours?”
“F-WfuCk” tony yelped shutting his eye and dropping the comb in the sink.
He picked up the note.
Just now decided a to visit the nearly empty kitchen.
“Captain rogers is requesting entrance”
“ we never talked about that morning in the bathroom, or that breakfast.”
“ sit. ”
He entered the steamy bathroom picking up his toothbrush and running it under the sink water. The shower cut off despite tony’s want to just stay in the shower forever.
He hit the shampoo bottle beside steve instead. Which in turn made steve laugh a little harder.
Steve said walking down a few steps towards tony.
“You’re telling me you pulled half our team out to help with the problem back home just for them to be dealt with before they even landed? Thats a 22 hour flight stark”
Just tony and his eggs.
Steve said forking some eggs and carrots into his mouth.
He looked in the fridge for any thing else remotely healthy.
Tony sighed pulling on a clean pair of boxers, he took a comb to his hair which looked pitch black when wet. He could barely see himself in the mirror, he figured it was because of the steam. Until he poked himself in the eye with the comb.
His head lifted as his blonde pulled away leaving a note under his coffee mug.
“I appreciate you sparring my snickers past the rules captain!
Rhodey said jokingly.
“Jarvis, what does this say?”
Option one is not the option to pick. No steve and have to use attention to respond to the humanoid xmen in the living space while also looking for the blanket closet.
Tony asked
Tony looked at the bed then back at Steve.
Steve said setting the water bottle down on tony’s tool cart. Tony backed up to stand in the seat under the machine holding onto the bar that suspended the large metal eyesore. Its as if that height protected him from steves disapoiting glare.
Tony shook his hand off pulling himself back to his workstation, he looked at the explosive component of the arrowhead he had just screwed on with disappointment. “Hell I screwed it on backwards..”
Tony sipped out of his coffee silently. They sat in silence for a few minutes at best.
“ I’m fine “
“Sir, if you will hold the paper still i can scan it and read you the contents”
Tony waved her off and turned his chair back to his desk.
“I am on…this floor….silly.”
Or shiver alone in a coverless bed.
“Hate is a strong word, hate hydra not grey hair”
“So there is a visual decline, it’s not just my ranting?”
Tony said with confidence.
“What? You don't like a little caffeine on your eggs in the morning sweetie?”
Tony sleeplessly commanded. Steve glared.
“Fine, i strongly dislike my grey hair, and i will strongly dislike you if you dont drop this”
“It’s early, i’m old, aaaand you're late for your meeting captain egg-man”
“Tony i don’t love you for your face, no matter how it may change I will love you all the same, tony please look at me. I love you and your greys” Steve looked into Tony’s eyes with love-goddammit why was tony always like this. He pulled Steve in for a hug, he didn’t feel as bad about himself now.
Carol flicked his nose as she approached him “sorry to disappoint but not your hubby”
Bucky said, sitting down next to her under the same umbrella.
After a few minutes tony threw the paper down “what Steve?”
Natasha said poking her out from behind barnes.
Tony rolled his eyes throwing the arrow in the recycling bin, he’d pick it up later and actually fix it but he was too mad at it to look at it. The lab door opened behind him, he didn’t bother to look he knew who it was.
Steve rolled his eyes at the strange apparel, he didn't particularly care about his aesthetics inside the mansion. But he’d never be caught with Tony’s odd fashion sense of a shirt in public.
Steve rolled his eyes, swiping the hand scan to the passcode Jarvis’ voice relayed the message as steve typed in the numbers to unlock the door.
Silence.
On the door lingered the last snickers bar, alone and more importantly it had no name on it. ‘Free for all’ he thought, whose head better to hold it over than his loving husband?
The sound of metal ripping apart was heard as she-hulk ripped through the clone’s torso.
Steve was not buying it, and tony hated that.
Steve contemplated for a minute, then nodded letting his arms fall to his sides.
Steve smiled but he wasn’t happy.
“ Ultron, meet my own personal magneto!”
“Steve shook his head, mouth full of eggs he took a second to swallow his food.
Steve walked into the kitchen with a blanket wrapped around him, he looked at tony who had his head in the news paper, which was weird because tony never read news papers… he denied any further thought and turned his attention to the fridge opening it smelling all the gross marinating food, he grabbed an onion and the salad container Setting it on the counter.
“ you okay hone-“
“You alright tones? You seem on edge, y’know outside of the whole ultron thing” rhodes asked, tony and him had known each other longer than tony had known most of the people in his life, rhodey was concerned for his well being constantly.
Steve raised his brows looking at tony through the mirror.
He then took off his very hot, long sleeve shirt. Natasha pulled a very long black sleeve from her beach bag and slipped the black sleeve over Bucky’s metal arm and snapped the strap around his neck to make sure the enemy would not be alerted by their bionic armed super soldier. And if the sleeve does not prove useful in that category at least Bucky wont have too much sand stuck between the crevasse of the metal.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s back hauling him over his shoulder and walking out of the room.
“ sit. “
Tony covered his left eye, his right eye seemed unaffected. Maybe he could take care of this on his own. “God help me if i get an eyepatch and a shield suit.” tony said letting his hand fall from his face.
“15 is below 50 jarv thats below the point of where it could be dangerous”
His footsteps making little to no sound as he entered the room with vaulted ceilings.
“ all i said was i hate my grey’s you dont have to make this a thing”
Tony said throwing his paper to the ground. They stared at each other with devious intent, tony imagined jumping atop the counter and into Steve’s arms, grabbing the snickers before Steve can react-
“If by snooping you mean finding a place to sleep where i wont be assaulted, you’d be right, but your not. Because you’re assuming i’m snooping.”
Tony said kneeling from a strangely positioned chair with a very large, abstract, mechanical object wiring and turning above him.
Option two will provide absolutely zero guilt points but a %75 chance of forgiveness and a good nights sleep.
He’d mostly gotten over his dislike for the reactor with steves help. But it still reminded him of the past he didn't care for in a time of his life that was a lie.
Tony said looking down at the bar he was leaning on. He and rhodes were close, he trusted rhodey to trust him. So rhodey nodded wrapping his arm around tony’s shoulder.
Search for the blanket closet among the loud mean x-men..x-force...x-whatevers
Tony smiled.
They enjoyed this silent moment of care.
Steve raised a brow dropping the plastic covered snickers out of his mouth the answer.
Steve yelped, his eyes now wide with fury. “THIS IS WAR STARK!!” steve yelled washing out the shampoo from his hair, this was going to be a fun night.
Tony then remembered Steve left for argentina yesterday.
Tony said resisting leaning into steves touch just to spite him.
Rhodey sighed “ i just don’t want you to get caught without all your senses in a battle or something. Be careful and don’t put this off too long or i’ll perform this surgery myself”
Tony raised his voice.
He knew what steve would say so kept to himself.
“You know i care about you man, so please don’t go this alone like you used too” rhodey asked looking into tony’s eyes looking for an answer in him instead of his mouth’s words.
Steve confronts tony, doesnt go well but how could it go worse than it did?
Natasha said, checking her watch for the time.
Steve waved him off as he disappeared passed the door.
“Okay so, you know how-“
Thor responded, he looked at Steve “ IS- is that my snickers bar?!”
“Okay so- i have a slight blindness in one eye and i didnt want ro have to fly to some other state to have a doctor i trust laser it back up when the whole ultron/hank/xmen shit was going down so in my free time i consulted some doctors with an alias and engineers on what i could do to improve my model. Them assuming i already have the laser tech they do i’ve just been trial and erroring the levels on my suits regular laser with different filters”
The internet decides it must be Sergio Esposito, a particularly good cosplayer who’s won a number of Tony Stark look-alike contests in recent years. Sergio’s denial of his role in the video is met with just as much belief as Steve’s assertions that it’s just Tony.
Except for how it hadn’t.
The next day, ALLCAP releases a video that features a shot of a man who looks very much like Tony Stark (at least from behind), and Steve’s fans immediately lose their minds. They want to know who he’s found to play Tony. He tells them, with angelic innocence, that it
In some ways, Tony was going to miss having a whole clutter of cats around.
He joined the army after his mother died, promised to serve his country even in the Iraqi desert.
Didn't even want him as a friend.
Tony looked up and their gazes met, "This better be a promise, because I love you."
If this really is his old workshop there should be a hidden box with things for injuries in one of the desks.
Both men were surprised about what he said and Steve quickly fled from the medical tent. What a hell hole, he never wants to get back in there.
With a flick of his finger he turned it around and took a good look at the photo.
After walking around a while he found the tent with the beds for the soldiers. Privacy wasn't really a thing in the army, but that was alright for Steve.
He smiled and looked at her, "What about you? Don't you have a husband to command around?"
Steve dropped her legs for a second and opened his pants, pulling out his hard dick, and Tony's eyes widened. She has seen a lot of penises, but that one was really big. Like, really really big.
Steve was happy that Tony started to develop a healthy eating mannerism. He even ate way more than the others sometimes, and they all were very glad about that, watching Tony gain a nice weight, but at some point he stopped gaining and just enjoyed food like before. Steve always questioned if his metabolism just catched up by now because he really couldn't explain it where Tony left all that.
He watched Tony joining them in the jet, he was exhausted too from flying around the heavy suit and stepped out of it, rubbing his eyes and stretching, his hair strands falling in all directions.
Steve's body worked faster than most. It was the reason he healed as quickly as he did, the reason he never seemed to gain a single pound no matter how much cake he ate, the reason he couldn't get drunk. It also meant he processed food faster than normal people and someone as active as Steve had to keep the calorie intake up to begin with. Tony learned very quickly that this meant having snacks on hand at all times was a good thing.
Tony just shrugged it off a placed a tick in the old-timer values column he had going in his head and didn't think much about the yellow flowers after that. Exactly two days later Steve had a sent a small bouquet of wildflowers to Tony at the office when he had back to back meetings. He was just popping into his office, which at this point mostly served as a hideout and a place for Pepper to store all of the paperwork she needed Tony to go through even though they both knew he wasn't going to do it any time soon, when he noticed the little the flowers. A short stumpy glass square sat on the middle of his desk with a bunch of brightly colored flowers of various shapes and sizes poking out. Tucked into the leaves was a small card which when Tony pulled out he instantly recognized as being in Steve’s neat handwriting and simply read
"What are you saying?"
"Uh... Morning." He said, forcing a small smile. "Weird question, are you wearing a wedding ring by any chance?" Tony asked.
Steve grinned wide. The blond tucked his head and kissed Tony gently. "I love you too." He whispered against the billionaire's lips.
Tony was snapped out of his train of thought by the sound of the shower turning off. He scrambled to get out of bed quickly and pull on a t-shirt and a pair of sweats. When Steve emerged from the ensuite bathroom, damp and wrapped in a towel Tony tried to avoid direct eye contact. He quickly made his way into the bathroom and closed the door. By the time he was done showering, Steve was already dressed and was using the hotel room phone to request housekeeping to their room.
The silence fell over the line again, this time Tony checked to make sure they were still connected.
He had thought about how to do this for days on end. He had considered doing something big and showy, but that wasn't Steve's kind of deal. He had thought about having the ring brought out in a champagne glass or in some whipped cream on Steve's dessert, but Steve wasn't one to appreciate something impersonal like that.
not how he wanted to do it. Once they left the restaurant, Tony managed to convince Steve that they should take a walk before heading home. They held hands as they walked through Central Park and only let go once they'd reached Bow Bridge as Steve pulled his arms up onto the railing to look out at the view across the water to where the New York sky was lit up like a Christmas tree.
"I'm not a sore loser!" Steve fought back. "This game is all about luck it's not even fair. You just got lucky and landed on good properties and then had everyone else land on it!"
Steve was barely out of the room when Tony couldn't keep his lips pressed tightly together anymore and burst into laughter. As it turned out, on the off chance that Steve
Tony shook his head. "It means that you also got married last night. It's incredibly unlikely that we both married complete strangers. Especially since I doubt we married complete strangers and then came back here to have sex with each other." Marrying Steve was better than a stranger, at least he knew Steve. It wouldn't be horrible to have to explain that to people. Plus with Steve, they could get a quickie divorce that didn't involve him giving someone half of everything including Stark Industries.
Tony rolled his eyes and Steve got up from the table. "I don't want to play anymore. This is stupid."
The realization hit Tony like a bus. He blinked at the screen a couple of times before turning back to Steve, a small smile playing on his lips as he watched the super soldier swell while watching the part of the movie where the guy runs through the rain to let you know he loves her with an obvious sentimentality. So when Steve turned to him and leaned back to make a confused face at him while asking "What?" Tony didn't hesitate.
Steve smiled softly and because he just always seemed to know how to read between the lines Tony gave him and figure out what he was trying to say, just said: "I love you too, Tony."
The third was the shiny gold band on his left hand. That was pretty sobering. He shot up into a sitting position. "Fuck. " Now THIS, this may officially take the cake for the worst thing he'd done while blacked out.
"Stay married."
“Hey.” The super soldier said practically beaming.
It's short but finally here. I'm sorry I made you all wait so long but everything got busy and I kind of stopped writing altogether for a bit.
not getting laid tonight." He laughed, causing Tony to turn and glare.
"Shut up, Steve" Tony murmured softly, turning his head and leaning into the kiss he planted on Steve's lips. The kiss definitely worked at getting Steve to stop talking. The blond melted into the kiss, Tony's lips were rough and demanding but so damn good.
Hopefully I'll have a bit more time now to write more consistently
beat him at something, he was the sorest loser Tony had ever seen. Barton was right, he was definitely not getting laid tonight. But it was totally worth it to see him finally lose at something
Steve nodded quickly, bending himself over to kiss Tony gently. "Of course I will marry you, Tony." He said tugging him up from the ground. "Now get up here and give my ring, you beautiful sap."
"Fine. Bruce, I'm gonna mortgage this so I can pay Tony his damn rent." He complained as Bruce handed him the mortgage value for the property and added it to most of his quickly dwindling pile of money so he could pay Tony.
Tony looked up from his lab bench and pulled goggles off his head to look at the man marching towards him. He wracked his brain to think of what on earth he could have done to cause Steve to have such a scowl on his perfect face. "I'm sorry?" He asked.
Steve was sitting at the table drawing in his sketchbook, several different pencils all laying out on the table. It was truly amazing watching Steve sketch. How he could just sit there for hours just working away on a piece like nothing else mattered. People might believe that he was just a muscled tool, but he was so much more. He was actually a very smart man, Tony forgot how much so sometimes. He had this undeniable ability to think on the spot, analyzing all options and then making a smart decision. He could stand under fire in some of the most stressful situations Tony could think of and still come up with a plan to make sure everyone went home safely. More than that, Steve was an amazing leader both on and off the field. He always remained level-headed in the field and just had this amazing ability to both trust them all with such a wide birth yet still always be looking out for them. Steve unequivocally made sure he was taking care of his team first, always putting them before himself.
Steve sighed and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Tones, I don't need any of that stuff to know you care."
The other end went silent for a few seconds before Rhodey erupted. "Are you kidding me? You seriously married Steve. Like legally? And you didn't think to tell your best friend? I cannot believe you didn't invite me to your wedding!"
Steve made a face and flipped over one of his cards to mortgage it.
"I- uh well- you know what you look like, you don't need me to tell you that you're an attractive person. I mean- it's not like-"
In hindsight, his first mistake was getting Steve drunk. But for some reason, he had thought it would be a fun idea to bring along some of Thor's mead for Steve. To at least get tipsy on, so Tony wouldn't be the only one having fun. That also meant that Steve, now tipsy, hadn't done his usual good deed of stopped Tony from drinking far more than he should have. Then in return, a more than tipsy Tony egged Steve on to finish off the bottle of the mead. Tony was pretty impressed that they even made it back to the right hotel with how drunk they were.
"I love you."
"Steve," Tony replied, "Trust me. We had sex. I haven't even tried to stand up yet and I can tell you we had sex."
Steve ever the pragmatist that he was, thought things over for a few seconds. "Okay, well we're not even sure we're married. I mean we have rings but maybe we just went ring shopping you know. Like a pretend wedding." Even Steve didn't sound convinced. "And yes we woke up naked in bed together but that doesn't necessarily mean that we had sex. We could have easily just fallen asleep."
Sometimes Tony forgot just how amazing the man was, but sitting in this kitchen it was hard to; there was evidence all around of just how big Steve's heart was. There was a pantry stocked full of everyone's favorite snacks because Steve remembered what each and every person liked and didn't. The fridge was full of Tupperwares full of home cooked meals in case someone got hungry but didn't feel like cooking. And every morning Steve made sure there was a huge breakfast sitting on that table so everyone could share in the most important meal of the day. It was like Steve could read their minds sometimes. He knew when Tony hadn't come up for air for a while and could be found sneaking a sandwich onto Tony's workstation so he would remember to eat- he even knew that Tony only liked the smooth peanut butter and the middle slices of bread for his sandwiches. As if Tony needed any more proof that Steve knew him better than anyone, the coffee maker beeped softly. Tony smiled to himself and got up to grab himself a mug. Standing up, gave Tony a perfect view. From where he was standing he could see Steve lost in his art at the kitchen table. His baby blues were focused on the sketch in front of him, the sunlight from the window making his eyes sparkle a little more than usual. His muscled arms flexed and moved as he ran his arm in long broad strokes across the paper, his thumbs running across the page to smooth out the shadows, leaving dustings of gray on his cheek when he brought his hand back up under his chin. The realization hit Tony like a punch square in his chest.
Tony set the coffee down and leaned on the table beside Steve to get a better look. "Wow." He said as his eyes glanced over the page. "You made me look beautiful."
"They're gonna bring us up some more towels and some new sheets." He said. "They have a breakfast buffet downstairs for another hour and a half."
Tony Stark was kind of in love with his husband.
The billionaire could see the frustration on Steve's face as the rent costs left him with one mortgaged out property and what looked like about $46 in Monopoly money. He continued like that the entire game to the point that Clint was in hysterics.
Everything was a competition with Steve. They couldn't even watch an episode of Jeopardy or without it becoming a contest to get more answers right and beat each other to it to boot. Actual game nights, those became like a damn near war. And the most infuriating part of it all was that Steve always won.
Not Beta'd all mistakes are my own but if you spot em, inbox my
He was in love with Tony Stark and he didn't have a damn clue what to do about it.
"Nope. Sorry. Can't. You didn't invite me to your wedding remember? I'm mad at you. I totally could have been Sonny. Tell the hubby hi for me."
Tony looked down, immediately thinking that the tightness in his chest was from the arc reactor was malfunctioning only to realize that it had been months since it was removed. If it wasn't a heart attack, then what the hell was it? Tony sighed as the notion of what it all meant finally sunk in.
Tony's history with relationships was rocky, to say the least. Pepper was great, she really was. But their relationship couldn't exactly have been considered normal with Pepper acting simultaneously as his employee, boss, friend, and girlfriend. So what Tony was left with was a couple of short-lived college flings to base his idea of normal relationships on. Plus, movies always made it look like it required these big declarations of love, and constant compromise and attention-giving. So it truly came as a shock and took him a while to realize that that was not what a relationship with Steve was like. Steve required neither constant attention nor huge shows of affection. In fact, he kind of detested both.
Steve shook his head at the genius. "You're driving me crazy." He replied as if it answered Tony's question. "It's really sweet that you keep buying me presents, and texting me just to say you're thinking of me or what have you, and taking me out to all these fancy restaurants and extravagant dated. But I don't need 12 teddy bears, or a new tablet, or a watch, or any of that. " He paused to take a breath but the second Tony opened his mouth, kept going. "I'm not dating you because you have money or to get fancy dinner or carriage rides. I mean I
It was a few nights later when Steve let himself into the workshop and turned off Tony's screen before hoisting him up out of his chair. The billionaire mumbled as he was stirred awake from where'd he'd passed out against his desk. "Come on, handsome." He said carrying him out of the workshop and up to bed.
Steve eyed the bar on the table in front of him. "So," He asked picking up the snack and tearing the packaging off. "How long have you been carrying around snacks for me?"
I know its been two years.... I was pausing for dramatic effect?
*note: see #4: Steve Rogers is a huge dork
"Rhodey, it was like 3 am in Vegas, and I'm pretty sure there was a guy dressed up like Cher involved."
"Come on, Captain. Let's go. One grand make it happen. Batting those baby blues isn't going to change it." Tony sang with a wide grin.
Steve raised an eyebrow at that. "What? Tony! This isn't exactly good."
Steve looked up from his sketchbook. "You okay?"
Tony prided himself on being a pretty smart guy. He was a certified genius. It didn't take him long to realize that arguing with Steve was a lost cause. They fought like proverbial cats and dogs. They were both strong-willed and hard-headed and it didn't mesh well seeing as they rarely looked at something and had the same response. It wasn't like they weren't friends, though. It was just a friendship full of petty arguments and entirely unnecessary debates.
"Okay. " Tony replied. "Just gonna put on some pants then we can go." He said pulling out fresh clothes from his suitcase. He reached over to the floor beside the nightstand to pick his phone up from where he had clearly tried to plug it in to charge and missed. He tapped with his fingers a few times before speaking as he pulled on a pair of jeans. "Hey J, need you to look into something. Private server. Keep it on the DL. Look into marriage records, would have been from last night or this morning. Anything you can find on anyone I might know, specifically myself. Forward it to me." Tony was actually surprised that instead of his usual brand of witty sarcasm and mockery the AI simply responded with a cordial "Yes sir."
"I thought for a long time about how I wanted to do this, but if we're being honest, I still don't have a frigging clue. So I'm just gonna need you to bear with me here." Tony said stepping back from the wall of the bridge.
"Fuck." Rhodey never texted him only once. He certainly didn't leave out emojis or an update or something. He sounded mad. Tony decided to call him first. He sat on the edge of the bed as it connected. Rhodey picked up before the second ring could even start.
"Well, most of the backlash from this is coming from the people that think you're going to do just that. The majority of the negative press on this is people having the idea that you're going to be another celebrity couple that get married for a few days and then splits up. Even that is minor really, I mean SI stock is up, Avengers approval rates are up, people seem to be mostly responding to it positively."
Steve Rogers was absolutely stunning. Tony watched from their bed as Steve stepped out of the shower and toweled off his hair. If there was a sight more beautiful than Steve, it was definitely Steve with beads of water rolling down his chest. His skin was smooth and carried just a hint of a tan to it and the water rolled off it like glass. His body was still as firm and tight as the day Tony met him, his muscles and skin remaining firm and if he'd aged a day in the time they'd spent together, his body certainly didn't show it.
The next chapter will be up this week. I'm just working on the last bit of it but wanted to get something up and also wanted to end the chapter where I did because it just flowed better
find the good Captain attractive. The man was hot, there was no denying that. But honestly, Tony hadn't given it much thought passed that. Until one day, he did.
Tony managed to buckle down his nerves for the duration of their meal and was able to contain any urges he had to blurt out a proposal mid-meal. That was
"Stark is
"Okay Steve, breathe. Just let me get this out." He urged, pulling out the ring box. "I love you more than I ever thought was even possible. And I don't want to spend a single day of my life without you." Tony began, taking Steve's hand and dropping down onto one knee. "So, Steve, will you do me the honor and make me the luckiest person in the world and marry me?" He pressed the release on the small box and watched it pop open so the shiny gold band inside faced Steve.
Thankfully, Tony was the king of talking fast and didn't miss a single word. The genius couldn’t help the smirk on his face as the adonis of a man in front of him ducked his head like he was nervous Tony would reject him. In that moment, Tony had a feeling that Steve was back to being a scrawny sixteen-year-old again. Tony chuckled and shook his head.
just hanging out with you. Watching movies, when I'd sit down here and draw while you worked, that was great. What happened to that?"
"You're screwed."
For probably the 4th time that week Tony found Steve wandering down into his workshop with a tray of food for him. "Alright, break time, Shellhead." He sang. "Put down the sautering iron and eat with me."
Steve looked up sheepishly, his face going a little pink. "Yeah." He admitted.
Tony gave a shaky nod and carried his freshly filled cup of coffee over to the breakfast nook. He almost spilled it all over himself though when he caught a glimpse of what Steve was working on. "Is that me?"
It was truly amazing watching Tony work. How he could just sit there for hours just working away on a project. He liked people to believe that he was aloof and self-absorbed, but then he did stuff like spend hours working on new equipment for the team, a mix of new gadgets and improved safety features to make sure they all came home safe after every mission and Steve got slapped in the face with how
"I'm so hungry I think I'm dying," Steve complained, for what felt like the fortieth time that morning. If anyone should be complaining it was Tony. Steve had dragged him out of bed at an ungodly 5:45am sharp and forced him to go hiking with him. After the horror-movie like experience, Tony made it a point to hide snacks all over the tower and in his cars and to, whenever he could, shove a granola bar or something in his pocket before leaving and going anywhere with Steve.
For a few seconds, he actually considered it. Getting used to that view, to Steve, to marriage. It didn't seem like the worst plan in the world, which was weird. Aside from the deadly hangover waking up like this hadn't been too bad. If there was anyone to be married to, Steve probably wasn't the worst choice. He was way too good for Tony. Out of his league by miles, hell, by galaxies. Steve was amazing, kind and caring to a fault. He made Tony laugh. He always had his back. And Tony loved hanging out with him. And Steve seemed like the type to be a supportive husband, there when you need him and always taking care of you. Hell, he already did it. Whenever Tony was sick Steve would always make him soup or bring him tea and whenever he was working on a big project Steve would bring him snacks and leftovers and remind him to take naps.
Steve furrowed his brow in confusion before zeroing his eyes on Tony's left hand and the golden ring reflecting light off his finger. Quickly, Steve fumbled among the mess of blankets to find his own left hand. It wasn't even entirely out of the blanket when Tony spotted the glistening metal that matched his own. "Oh thank God."
"Oh."
Tony jumped. "Shit. I forgot you were there." He said, noticing the Captain on the other side of the room, brow furrowed as he leant against the wall.
1 more chapter to go!
He might not have felt better though if he had noticed the young girl a few tables over taking photos of them from her table that soon ended up plastered all over the internet. Nor if he knew that he had 6 missed calls and approximately 15 texts waiting for him in the hotel room.
Tony certainly didn't mind. Every cheesy plotline, every cliché, it was all worth it for that look on Steve's face when the couple realized they were in love all along. He was such a sap. Tony could watch him smile like that forever.
But when they started going out,Tony couldn't help but want to use every opportunity possible to kiss Steve's perfect face. And Steve was actually pretty damn adorable when he was annoyed. The first time Tony had kissed him mid-argument had Steve stopping dead.
It didn't take Tony very long to realize that as much as he tried to hide it, Steve loved the romantic comedies the best. He tried to hide his tears during the Notebook, he tried to keep the sappy smile off his face every time the guy got the girl in the end of the movie.
Steve nodded. "Sandwiches, fruit, and water, including water for you to keep down here and drink so you don't get dehydrated. " He said matter-of-factly.
He was in love with Steve and he didn't have a damn clue when exactly that had happened.
The lawyers had several plans actually. They had hoped that they could be combined to give a strong enough reason for a judge to grant them the annulment. Most of the ideas were thrown out immediately. The first involved dragging one or both of them through the mud for pleas of instability, addiction, and/or insanity. The second involved claiming that they never consummated the marriage, which they established might be hard to argue while Tony was covered in more hickeys than a teenager after prom night. The only one that could potentially work for them was the claim of intoxication.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. "I mean technically they're not wrong."
Sometimes Steve forgot just how brilliant the man was, but down here it was hard to; there was evidence all around of just what Tony's mind could produce. One example of this was currently nudging at Steve's leg with it's claw. Steve gave a small chuckle and pulled the small red ball from Dum-E's claw. He should never have taught the little bot to play fetch. He tossed the ball towards the one wall and watched as Dum-E wheeled off after it. After a few minutes of back and forth, Steve pulled himself off of the couch to properly play with the bot. Standing up, gave Steve a perfect view. From where he was standing he could see Tony hard at work hunched over his desk. His eyes were focused on the screen in front of him as it cast a glare over the angles of his face. His bronze skin flexed under his shirt and he worked, his rough fingers tapping expertly and he worked. The realization hit Steve like a punch to the gut.
And like a goddamn rom-com cliche, Tony just hummed an affirmative response, looking at Steve out of the corner of his eye.
Tony sat on the bench of the little breakfast nook that was nestled under the window in the communal kitchen. He had come up here to take a break, it was nice to just get to chill with his tablet and a bowl of leftover Chinese food.
Tony had never once looked at someone and felt underdressed or less than. He was pretty much an expert at this point, in being the best-dressed person in the room. He hadn't been prepared to turn the corner from his bedroom and see Steve standing outside of the elevator in a light gray suit that would short-circuit his brain.
Maybe it was growing up hearing his dad’s stories of Captain America. The way the blond would run into zones of enemy fire fearlessly. The way he carried himself in battle and stood up for what is right.
Steve didn't give much thought to how often a certain billionaire-slash-genius spent near him. Truthfully, though, he didn't mind the company. Steve had always been used to doing things his own way, including keeping himself distanced from others- subsequently keeping the others distanced from him as well- and just doing his own thing. What was funny was how quickly he had gotten accustomed to living with a bunch of people. Instead of holing up in his room, he would often just spend time doodling or reading in the common rooms, or Tony's workshop. Unless he was in a particularly melancholy mood, he stayed firmly out of his bedroom during waking hours.
Tony watched as he walked into the bathroom. Sometimes he forgot just how gorgeous Steve was; the smooth skin that was pulled tight over the muscles of his back and shoulders, the way his waist curved out into his hips, the strong muscles of his legs and arms, and God his ass. You could literally bounce a quarter off it. It was the kind of ass people wrote songs and poems about. One Tony would start believing in a higher power for. It was a view, Tony thought, that he could definitely get used to.
"Thanks, Peaches. Tell me something I don't know. I mean I feel like there's gotta be a 'drunken stupidity' clause or something that we can use to get an annulment right?" He could almost feel Rhodey shrug on the other end. "Anyway, you wanna call Pepper for me?"
Tony yawned as he was tucked into bed over the sound of Steve lecturing him about getting more sleep and keeping a healthy schedule. "You're such a mother hen." He mumbled, earning him a kiss to the forehead and a stern. "Sleep, Tones."
a person he actually was. He had noticed it a few times when something went even a hair wrong on a mission. If Natasha got a little singed while outrunning an explosion, Tony immediately went to work fireproofing her suit. If Clint tried climbing something and fell, Tony immediately started work on making him stronger stemmed arrows and gloves meant for climbing. And after a while, Tony would even start implementing safety precautions for them even before they ever realized they needed them. More than that, Tony could spend hours redesigning and reimagining things just so they could be a little more comfortable. It was like he was reading their minds.
The first thing he noticed when he woke up was his blinding hangover. Tony was pretty sure he hadn't been this hungover since college. It felt like there were a hundred tiny little men pounding away inside of his skull.
Tony would be hard pressed to find someone who
"I always forget how nice it is out here at night. So peaceful." Steve mused softly. "Probably one of the best views in the world."
"Alright, breakfast lets go."
He started with the texts.
Sorry this took so long. I had parts of it written and then ended up with unexpected impromptu home renos that drained all my energy.
Steve hesitated and stroked Tony's hip in a surprisingly soft interaction, "Are you feeling good Baby? You need a minute?"
Tony felt herself gushing from that alone, "Y-yes. Please."
He smiled friendly, "It's Steven, but mostly people call me Steve."
"You're gross."
Steve raised an eyebrow, knowing this little bitch just lied to him, because he stuttered, "Did you really just lie?", he spreaded the cheeks apart with one hand and send a hard slap directly onto Tony's twitching hole.
The genius got thrown away like he was a used piece of trash.
The other man nodded, Bucky joined the army 2 years before Steve did, so he knew his way around better than Steve did. They both fell into a comfortable walking speed and Bucky showed his friend the camp.
Tony mewled loudly, and tried to ditch the spanks, with minimum effectiveness, "Th-Three!"
But he came nearer. Was he going to scream at her? Maybe hit her?
One hour passed, then two, and as hour three was about to begin, he got up and walked to the tent, quietly checking for Tony, while everyone was asleep. But she wasn't here. He sighed, obviously sad. He really wanted to try his chances with her. She was funny, and snarky, which he loved a lot. She was strong and independent, but caring and soft.
His heavy bag dropped down onto his bed and he sighed, stretching his muscles out a bit.
Tony leaned into the chair, he felt dizzy from thinking so much and looked at the wall in front of him. It was filled with framed pictures. Happy pictures, there was Bucky and Sam cooking pancakes, Natasha painting Thors nails, Clint peeking out of a vent, Fury and Peter next to each other in funny christmas hats. He chuckled, Fury looked so stupid in that hat.
He looked up as Thanos walked towards him.
He didn't hear how the fight in the back continues; Didn't hear how Thor was fighting against Thanos; Didn't see anything but Tony, who was slowly dying.
It was Tony.
A few weeks passed, they've been really happy, had occasional meetings and sex inside 'their' truck.
Tony smiled widely and cuddled close to Steve, not giving a damn about how they were laying in front of her house where everyone could see.
Tony quickly turned around, breathing heavy and arched his back again.
"You better be quite then.", he breathed in her ear, making her shiver. God, that was so hot. She felt like in college again, but more sexy.
As the light started to slowly fade down into a comfortable surrounding, Tony finally removed his hand from his eyes and started to look around him.
With that, the night passed.
He kissed every inch of her face, tears streaming down his cheeks as he took in all of her .
Running as fast as never.
Bucky grinned snarky, "Yeah, fuck is the right word, my man!"
On day 9 Steve was assigned to check on the hurt soldiers in the medical tent and do the counting of the medical equipment. He quietly stalked into the medical tent, not wanting to wake or interrupt anyone, especially not the doctors. But he had to ask for the lead surgeon, someone named T. Stark.
If he was here, wherever here was, maybe Peter would be here too...Or Strange, this bastard betrayed him by giving away the stone and then just turned into dust in the wind to escape Tony.
People clapped for him or nodded respectfully when he walked pass them. They saw a hero in him. Some asked for photos, but Steve friendly declined.
As the arrived at camp Steve grabbed one end of the blanket, while Bucky took the other and they hurried inside the medical tent. The put the soldier carefully down onto one of the beds and Tony ran to them, "What happend?", She took a pair of scissors, cutting open the pants. Bucky took over the talking, "He was shot in the leg by a terrorist, Ma'am."
She sobbed loudly and touched his cheek and his hair, "You're alive. You're here."
He removed his fingers, wiping them off on Tony's ass, making the brunette hiss. With a grin he grabbed the condom from inside his sweatpants before pulling them down and tossing them to the side, he didn't bother putting on underwear and he ripped the package open, noticing Tony watching him over his shoulder, "Come here, Baby.", his voice sounded demanding.
Steve kissed her neck and carefully started thrusting again, making her whimper and moan his name. She pushed herself close against him, clawed into his back and her face hidden in his shoulder.
"...And that's about it. Tonight we're having something like a party, just without loud music and alcohol. You should come!"
Thanos growled and Tony smiled at the mad titan, "You gonna lose..."
About 3 more months passed, Steve's mind became blunt. Everything good his life offered was gone, he was exhausted and depressed. His unit noticed long ago, they mostly left him alone, scared he would beat them up.
But Steve did go to the 'party' despite his concerns over strangers and big crowds. He was mostly standing on the side, analyzing the other soldiers.
Tony's anxiety shot through the roof, he would go and could really die. It was a dangerous territory.
And that was a fight in there, the whole camp could hear it.
He sighed softly, "Tony-...Anthonia Stark.", he nervously tapped his fingers on the counter and bit his lip.
She whined and arched her back during it, left some deep scratches on Steve's arm. He let her, and stopped for a few brief moments to give her room to breath and calm down.
"I have feelings for you, okey!?", she rubbed her arm and looked away. That was it. He was going to hate her now.
He stopped his movement for a second, "I'm sorry, you were trembling."
"Still gross."
He blinked once, twice and slowly opened his eyes. The white light burned into his irises and he covered his eyes with his hand for protection. With a groan he sat up, one hand on the floor for steadiness.
Steve screamed in pain and throwing a spear through Thanos arm, which was still holding Tony.
Tony cried out, the sound echoes over the whole battlefield.
He was dirty, his suit almost completely destroyed.
Another evening Steve was jogging to the truck, excited to see Tony and tell her about the things he learned today during the courses. But she wasn't there. Maybe he was just early, or she had an emergency at the medical tent.
The woman nodded and typed in a few things, "Okey, do you have a name?"
Steve put his hands on her hip and lifted her up onto the examining table behind them, standing in between her thighs. She grasped onto him as if he was dear life itself.
"It's pretty- Uhm, so you probably have a girlfriend or wife waiting at home?", Tony quickly looked up into the stars. She usually never said something so stupid. But soldiers liked to brag about their perfect wives and their pretty little children, so probably that was saving her ass now.
Was he dead? Was this heaven, hell or wherever he belonged?
All of this must be some sort of dream, maybe it's because of all the blood loss. He was probably unconscious on Titan and bleeding out and this right here was some sort of 'if you're life had been good it could've been this'-dream.
He sighed softly, "I won't. I'll always come back to you, Tony. Doesn't matter where you are, or how long it takes."
Steve, still unsure, slowly sat down next to her, "Is something specific bothering you, Ma'am?", he shyly looked at her.
Tony got dizzy after a while of not breathing and looked up with glassy eyes.
He could watch her having an orgasm for forever. She looked so perfect while having it, better than every porn star.
He kissed her lovingly, making sure she feels safe and loved, while he removed her underwear too.
Natasha laughed, removing her gun holster, "You're gonna make us all fat, Tony. But I'm done, could really eat some warm rice.", she looked down at Tony's figure, "By the way, your pants are ripped above your knee. Should've put on the flight suit underneath."
The blonde leaned his head against the cool wall, hoping it would help the hot sensation inside him as they flew home. It didn't.
The time stood still, as their eyes met.
Tony would start a karaoke game with all the soldiers here and she would be the shining star.
He leaned down and kissed her tenderly.
"I'm a man with needs!"
"Well, you'd be missing introducing yourself to the ladies.", Bucky whispered loudly enough for Steve to hear it.
With the soothing thought that all this could've been his life, he slowly fell unconscious.
Or when they trained together and Steve has him pinned down, just holding Tony there with his own superhuman strength and use him on the training mat.
"Well, I have to go now, or else the Sergeant will notice I'm missing.", Steve interrupted her thoughts.
Still. Nobody dared to move.
His speech threw her off, she never really saw it like that. Was she really the one limiting herself off of relationships?
She signed the papers quickly, pushed them practically into Steves arms and stomped out of the medical tent. Steve was stunned. That was some strong personality he just met.
Steve caressed her cheek, "I love you too, I love you so much, nobody could understand that."
"God Tony, you're so wet. When was the last time someone touched you?", Steve smirked.
He gripped her legs and pulled her closer, her wet middle against his hard, still clothed, crotch and started grinding against her. She threw her head back and gasped loudly, "Fuck!"
The genius looked down and frowned, "I just bought them, well. I think I had old clothes laying around somewhere.", he rummaged through a few cabinets and found some clothes, "Ah there it is.", with a fluid motion he pulled out a pair of folded pants and went to the small weapon room at the jet, "Nobody come in and look, I mean it!"
The last small city he saw was named something with T, after that it was just desert, bombed houses and dead creatures on the side of the tracks.
He didn't know why, his life was in a trance like state.
"Steve...", Tony sobbed and started running towards him, jumping in his arms, he cried out in happiness and they fell together into the grass.
"Wait!", Stark almost shouted, "I am sorry. Don't go...", her face softened, she looked much friendlier and less intimidating now. "You wanna sit?", she patted on the spot next to her.
As he left the airport, he got into a taxi. But instead of saying his hometown address, he told the driver he wanted to go to the city hall.
Steve started kissing her neck, making Tony tilt her head backwards and gasping, his hand sliding between her legs, cupping her middle through her pants. "Someone could hear us here.", she whispered.
The blonde stretched out, throwing the condom away and put his pants back on, "You're better getting dressed baby, before everyone on the team can see what a whore you are.", with a grin he whistled a song and left the livingroom, leaving Tony there full of cum, ass bright red and shivering like the mess he is.
Tony sighed, "Already tried that. Most towns are raided by terrorists." She eyed up the soldier sitting next to her, he was gorgeous. Not just his body, his hair looked soft and his eyes were so blue, it was like the ocean. Tony really missed the ocean, if she would go back and ever leave the army, she would buy a house in front of the ocean. Admiring it everyday.
It was starting to get freezing cold, the nights in the desert were almost worse than the days. She shivered and was slightly startled as Steve put a blanket from inside the truck around her.
"You're in the army and thinking about Sex? Bucks, what the fuck?", Steve laughed.
Tony stood up with a moan and looked down at his wound, where Thanos so rudely stabbed him. He mumbled a quiet "Shit" and covered the wound with his hand.
As he arrived at the address his body froze, it was a small beautiful white house, a flag softly waving in the wind, and birds chirping from the trees around it.
"I promise...I...I love you, Tony please...I love you so much.", Steve whined like a broken kid and kissed Tony's hand softly, holding it with both of his hands; Don't want to let it go. A soft thumb ghosted over his lips.
