"You're awake," Dean said, stating the obvious, completely dumbfounded. Castiel nodded slowly and stiffly. Dean very hesitantly walked toward the bed in a daze. "Got you this." He said, presenting the blanket at Cas' feet. He internally cursed himself as he reminded himself of Miracle returning a ball when the two of them played fetch.
“What matters right now is you getting the hell out of here, Sammy. Okay? You just spewed your DNA all over a crime scene.” She searched Sam's face, begging her to listen. “You gotta go!” She repeated. “Call the cops and go straight home, you hear me?” Sam’s eyes focused slightly as she nodded. “Good.” Deanna let go of a breath she had not realized she’d been holding. “Good. Okay, take this with you.” She stated as she reached up the skirt of her dress and pulled out a long, thin revolver, from a hidden garter holster. “You see anything, you shoot it, okay.”
“If I show you some pictures, will you shut up about this?” Sam moved to stand beside his brother eagerly as the Dean scrolled through the many pictures on his phone. Images flew by of beaches and cities he and Castiel had visited together, Jack and Castiel in a diner up in Virginia when they’d dropped by to visit, group photos of people eating, reading, laughing and sparing, bunker walls visible in the background. He stopped and clicked when he came to an image of Castiel dressed in a tuxedo, beaming at the camera, his arm wrapped around an unrecognizable old man in a Hawaiian shirt, holding a bunch of papers and looking disinterested.
From over at the bar, Rufus made eye contact and lifted his drink. Dean nodded and raised his in return before downing the last of it.
“Yeah, sure! He’s been passing me little love notes with hearts in the margins.” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “Come on, man! Don’t act like you knew.” Sam weighed up his brother’s words.
“Jackson Browne, Late For The Sky album”. Dean shook his head, irked, and fumbled around in the glovebox for the cassette. The Grand Illusion by Styx being the first tape he was able to find.
Dean sighed, finally looking at the angel's unmoving face. He wished he'd just wake up already so he could have this all over and done with. Years of them both dying and being brought back had made the whole concept of death seem more of an inconvenience to Dean now that he could see him in front of him again. Dean noticed that one of Castiel's shoes was missing and got up to take the other off. He gently pulled the brown leather shoe off the angel's black woolen-sock-clad foot and placed it against the concrete floor at his feet. He absentmindedly scratched his face as he then found himself worrying because it was cold in the infirmary, maybe that one shoe had been the thing keeping him warm. He hastily left the room and walked down the hallway. He jogged down the stairs and through the halls, to Cas' bedroom where he fumbled to retrieve his blanket as quickly as possible. He ran back up the stairs two at a time, while he attempted to fold the brown blanket. He was maybe gone two minutes tops, he thought, as he turned the corner back into the infirmary.
“You’re so mad at me”. Dean chuckled, he hit the back of his hand against Cas’s arm playfully, his green eyes dancing with his new epiphany, “You try to not think about saying someone’s name in your head, it’s all you can think of after that! You shouldn’t have told me you can hear my prayers even when I don’t say them out loud. I mean, really, that was on you.” His heart warmed as Castiel’s anger seemed to recede into an eye roll. Dean licked his lips. When he spoke again his voice was soft, intentionally allowing his words to overflow with a nice and neat, yet rare, allowance of vulnerability, “When we get out of here we can go on a proper date,” he sniffed, “Whatever you wanna do”. Castiel sighed, completely defeated.
Dean shuffled his way, coffee clutched in hand, toward Jack’s bedroom while Castiel explained himself defensively, “I was a completely different
“Wait,” Dean murmured. He grabbed at Cas’s left hand that still gripped at his shoulder, “Wait a minute-- You--” He flung Cas’s hand off of him. “You have no Grace. What the hell are you doing!?” He pushed at Cas's chest lightly.
“Yeah, I love what they’ve done with the place”, Dean gestured around him with his glass before raising it back up to his mouth to drink. He exhaled sharply as the liquid hit the back of his mouth. He grunted. “What about you? This was kinda always what your heaven was, right? You gettin’ any royalties for this?” Ash scoffed.
“Nothing to-- Sure, okay. Except, I know you, Dean, and I know that you’ve been acting like everything's fine when it clearly isn’t.” Sam grabbed at his beer and placed it in front of him. “I know for example, that
“This place looks like a set from Star Trek,” she said to her sister, a brow raised. Sam shook her head then grimaced as she led them through the crowd of people in assorted Halloween costumes, and toward a two-person table in the back corner of the neon-lit dance floor. Deanna slid herself gracelessly into one of the two white plastic egg chairs, and picked up a drinks menu, trying to focus on the price of the drinks while loud, chaotic-sounding hyper pop rang out through the room. A man in a white v-neck, black jeans, and red devil horns, sporting a tea towel slung over his shoulder and a notebook in his hands approached them.
“Kidding. Jeeze.” Dean chuckled, rifling through the tapes again before fishing out the yellow cassette case with a picture of a Chevy Bel Air on the cover, pushing it into the tape slot and pressing play. The title track played throughout the car.
Britney spears voice: it's been a while. I know I shouldn't have kept you waiting, but I'm here now.
“Yeah, no, man. Life’s looking up. We’re free to be the people we wanna be, do the things we love.” Dean wiped his hands against his jeans, trying to rid them of some of the nervous sweat that had appeared on them. Sam furrowed his brow, as if unconvinced by his brother's optimism. “And, man, do I love me some pie”. Dean stated shutting his laptop dramatically as if a tangible period at the end of his statement. Sam nodded slowly.
Dean was alone now; the crowd of people had peeled off into groups. Dean glanced toward Castiel, whose back was angled toward Dean. He still seemed to be in a deep, and very enthralling, conversation with Balthazar.
“Probably. The box isn't in here. Does that mean I should take extra... or does that mean it’ll work too well?” Sam shook his head in disbelief.
“Dean, I’m just worried about you. Your bed would be a better place for you to get some rest or I could--”
“We’ve been through this, John...” Mary prompted. John laughed a roaring chuckle and turned back to Dean, leaning across the table.
"Duh, no hangovers in heaven, dude. I've just been out for breakfast with my mom at some waffle house just outside of the eighteen hundred's city. Have you driven out there? It's crazy, there are all these people in, like, legit horse and carts. It's so rad."
Dean stripped off and climbed into the shower, desperately hoping the cool water would cleanse him of a modicum of his regret. It wasn’t as if Dean hadn’t slept with a man before, it's just that it had never been a choice he felt as if he would actively make. He stood staring at the white bath below his feet as he recalled all of the times he had been poked and prodded and pulled at and scraped by a manor of strange men and women. He focused his thoughts specifically on the times he had set his jaw and forced his eyes closed tight as he’d allowed older men to explore his body, their leathered hands searching him frantically, pulling his head down to their crotch, or simply touching themselves while moaning in his ear.
“Not that I’m not flattered, Cas." Dean cleared his throat, "but how’d you manage to pull that off? These lights ain’t even real, right?” Dean felt Cas stand from the chair mere inches from him. The angel's hand glided down Dean's arm searching for his hand until their fingers interlaced. His skin was soft and warm and left a familiar pleasant feeling of electricity where his fingers traced.
Once she finally came upon the familiar building she ducked inside quickly, trudged through the hallway, and up the stairs. She was too shocked to notice the numbness of her feet until they started to burn as they gradually heated up as if they were berating her for running around on the frigid pavement. She knocked at room number twenty-three quietly. Her hand shook as she lowered it.
"I know, Dean" Sam noted "It's just been hard adjusting, ya know?" he looked around at his new home. "I just feel like we finally deserve some peace... Both of us." He studied Dean's face waiting for a response. Unsure he'd receive any.
“Yeah, thanks,” Dean said sarcastically, placed the letter in one hand, widened his eyes at Rebecca, and gestured with his thumb to point at Azrael as if to say “This guy, am I right”. Rebecca’s mouth barely moved into an attempt at a polite smile as she immediately flicked her eyes back toward Jack. Dean rolled his eyes and opened the newest letter.
. He licked his lips staring into the black shine of the impala’s roof, trying fruitlessly to subside his growing rage.
A hand seized his shoulder and ripped him to his feet. He blinked at the form in front of him, his eyes still trying to adjust to the brightness. “Gotta say, it was a bit touch-and-go for a minute there.” He admitted, coughing into his elbow.
He replayed Cas’s death over and over in his mind, Cas’s eyes full of tears, but also, disturbingly full of peace, as he was swallowed by the black, bubbling tar of the Empty.
“Go ahead,” Dean approved, pouring a glass of beer and trying to ignore the eyes of the entirety of the restaurant’s patrons on him. The angel shook their head and handed him the impossibly creased paper. Dean held the paper high in front of him, hiding his face from his parents.
While alone in his room, under the pretense of packing his duffle bag, Dean had said an excruciating goodbye to Miracle. He hugged the dog tight to his chest, breathing in the fresh scent of his dog shampoo. Dean’s heart ached as he ran his hands along Miracle's tummy. After lingering in his room for as long as he felt he could get away with, Dean unfurled his arms, allowing Miracle to stand back on all four legs. Dean unwrapped the t-bone steak he had snuck from the kitchen and placed it in the silver dog bowl at the end of his bed. “You be a good boy for Sammy, okay?” he said, ruffling the fur on the top of his head. He stared at Miracle, the pure, innocent, tangible figment of hope that the dog had become, nodded to himself, and with a swing of his bag up to his shoulder, he left the room.
...” Dean turned to look at Castiel for the first time. He saw the hurt that he was trying to avoid feeling himself, plainly etched on Cas’s face. He spun himself around and took a few steps away, intentionally blocking his eyes out with his hand so he couldn’t see Cas’s face. “Don’t, Cas.... Just-- You go. You’ll have fun. Go get your pride on without me, you don’t need me for that”. Castiel puffed out a frustrated laugh.
“That's the ticket,” He confirmed. Penny shook his head, his eyes trained on the door. “I’m sorry, okay?” Penny scoffed.
"Well that depends...", Dean began, convincingly "I can't remember, did you and Garth leave before or after the strippers?" Cas' mouth formed a thin line as he tried not to react. Sam, noticing this gesture couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. Cas looked at his brother-in-law through the rearview mirror.
Dean knew that he had fallen asleep in the Impala. A bubble of calm had claimed him after he had taken Sam’s valium, lulling him into a deep sleep for the first time in months. When he woke, however, he found himself stirring on the cold concrete floor of the bunker’s basement, his body stiff from the hours he had spent curled up crying. A rush of fear washed over him as his eyes tried to adjust.
“I guess we open them up?” Sam suggested, looking equally perplexed. Deanna pulled the corners of her mouth down, shrugged, and got to searching. There were a lot of documents, papers on car rentals, old number plates, some old baby toys, and board games that Deanna and Sam didn’t recognize; nothing that screamed paranormal. At one point Sam came across a box full of burnt objects that the sisters assumed John had kept purely as some sick kind of memento mori because they had been so badly burnt that beyond something that looked like the charred leg of a dining chair, the items seemed to be unrecognizable. Deanna had all but given up on finding anything that could possibly help their hunt as she opened yet another box full of pages upon pages of John's credit card statements. She sat flipping through the pages looking for any kind of help she could get; any instructions her father could give her from beyond the grave as to what she could possibly do next. Dianna had started to realize that she'd dragged Sam on this insane quest with the promise of vengeance when in reality she didn’t even know where to start. She felt sick as it occurred to her that she had been so convinced that John wouldn’t just abandon her without some kind of orders on how to proceed in the manner of his death, as if he had ever given her cause to believe he would ever go out of his way to make anything easier on her.
”. With a wave of his hand, Dean felt his voice return. He rubbed at his throat and licked his lips before speaking.
“Hey, man, I know you gave that whole speech about a pure hangover day today but I think I just caught us a case”. Dean sat up slowly, his head pounding.
”. Some kind of bullshit promise that things would remain relatively similar to how they’d always been. That’s what Cas had asked for, after all, after he’d changed his mind.
"Masquerading as a man with a reason, My charade is the event of the season, And if I claim to be a wise man, Well, it surely means that I don't know-" Dean switched off the horrible cover song and sped off down the road that led through the woods.
“Come one, let's give the man some space… He did just save us, after all”. Cas stared after them as they left his room. His eyes were heavy again. He desperately tried to remember what Jack had spoken to him about in his dreams but he could only vaguely recall that it had something to do with Death’s ring and also how Death and the empty had worked together in the past, yet none of that had anything to do with this evidently new Heaven he now sat in. He felt worse off and more confused than he had been before anyone else had entered the room. He still didn’t fully understand what the bunker was even doing in Heaven. He slowly closed his eyes and began to fall asleep.
In what appeared like the very center of the chaos, where Gadreel seemed to be leading him, a mix of angels fought futility against the Empty. Castiel's stomach sank as he neared the group, he recognized everyone there; their true forms, his brothers and sisters. Their many many wings between them thrashing about, as they cut and jabbed and threw everything they had at the Darkness around them. With them, however, in the middle of it all, stood Crowley and Jack. The angels surrounded them as if in an attempt to form a protective shield of Seraphs, Archangels, and Ophanim. Castiel, his mind suddenly vacant, started to sprint toward his son.
“How are you here?” Castiel asked. Jack threw his arms around the angel, muffling the end of his question in his shoulder.
“Yeah,” Deanna replied softly, not certain if she believed it. Forgetting all about the phone number, she scrunched the napkin in her hand and tossed it aside.
“What about you? How are you adjusting to heaven?” he asked, dodging the question. Dean laughed humorlessly.
is what he had meant by feeling weak; that Cas made him feel safe, protected, cozy. But Dean also knew that drunkenly admitting that would only make things more complicated. Lucifer suddenly plagued Dean's thoughts, the way he ran up the stairs in the bunker, completely euphoric at the prospect of Cas’ return, not an ounce of doubt or fear for the first time in his entire life, only to have everything come crashing down around him. Dean swallowed hard. He tried desperately to stop his grief, pain, any feelings really, from completely overwhelming him as he sat there, so close to Castiel but feeling so far away. He was suddenly pulled from his thoughts. A smile spread over his face as he turned to Cas, quizzically.
“Well, what about, er,” He took a moment to remember “Anna. The two of you, uhh... had relations...” He noted. Dean looked at him as if he was speaking a foreign language.
"G-Goodnight," Dean swallowed, suddenly boiling hot again. "I love you." Dean croaked. He licked his lips and turned away from the angel attempting to get comfortable enough to fall asleep again, before immediately giving up, spinning back around, sitting up and leaning over Cas, staring into his eyes. "We should have sex again before we go to sleep". Cas grinned, chuckling.
"Ask Jody". Dean gathered his plate and Claire's empty bottle and wandered into the kitchen. He scraped the leftovers from his plate into the dog bowl in the corner and placed the empty plate into the sink before clearing up the many beer bottles he'd left lying around earlier. Deep in thoughts of self-loathing, he didn't notice that he was followed.
“Well, Uh. Your vision as a human was restricted to the confines of what Chuck equipped you with; you could only see souls as what you’re mind was able to comprehend. Now that you have left the limitations of your human body, you’re are able to experience things on a hyperspectral wavelength.” Dean nodded slowly, his eyes narrowed. “As for the “booze”,” Cas air quoted, “I guess it’s simply another part of the intricate metaphysics that Jack designed, specifically to ensure the souls of Heaven can experience the highest possible degree of tranquility while in the new Heaven, He created”. Dean watched, drinking, as Cas talked about Jack with such pride and happiness, causing a warmth to spread throughout Dean’s chest. Once Castiel had mentioned metaphysics, however, Dean knew not to try to understand; He figured he’d take Cas’s word on the matter.
. So, you know, you may wanna pump the brakes on any assassination attempts”. Kevin jumped up off his stool and nodded solemnly.
Dean hooked his car around and continued back the way he’d come from. He figured he’d head back to what seemed to be his corner of heaven, or at least where the people he had known from his life had all seemed to have settled down. He had so many questions, and the nagging feeling in his stomach that had been easy to ignore at first was now growing stronger, as he considered trying to contact the one person he knew would have the answers; the one person he felt both desperate and also incredibly anxious to see.
Dean thought of Cas standing mere inches from him, blue eyes shining with tears, his content smile. Castiel had somehow managed to find the exact words that Dean didn't even realize that he'd longed to hear; words that cut into him like a fishing knife, gutting him open. Dean had been so deeply rattled by the concept of being so completely exposed that he hadn't even begun to process what Castiel was actually saying. Castiel, an angel, a warrior, a divine being the size of the Eiffel tower... no, the Chrysler building, had said that he
“Kelly. Hello. It’s lovely to see you, but If you’ll excuse me for a sec. I have to speak to Dean”. Castiel grabbed Dean by the forearm and gently pulled him up to a standing position.
Sam took a deep breath in and looked toward the double doors as the organ music started to play. The heavy wooden doors opened revealing Gerty Fitzgerald, Garth's daughter, in a light-pink, overly puffy dress. Her eyes strictly trained on the floor as she attempted to walk down the aisle in the oversized gown. She clutched an ornate gold box tight to her chest and occasionally threw clumps of what was once white rose petals, from her tightly fisted hands. Sam noticed a chuckle from Dean from behind him, as he tried to stifle his own laugh. The poor kid looked terrified.
"It's hot," Jack complained, turning on the air conditioning and fiddling with the buttons on the front of his jacket, attempting to remove it with his seatbelt still on. Castiel pressed the buckle on Jack's belt to release it.
her, Dean..." Dean squinted at the road, trying to comprehend. "The darkness… I know she only wants what's best for her and darkness can't exist without the light".
“You’re the kid, the angels are the townspeople, feelings are the clothes, and Chuck is the swindler?” Dean nodded. “Again, don’t really see how that’s relevant right now, Cas”. Cas laughed, a single breathy explosion from behind his lips.
"Dean, are you okay?" Dean looked up at Jack but felt like there was an invisible barrier between them. He opened his mouth to reply, then closed it again as he looked around searching for the words. None came and yet he found himself sitting there repeating the process, opening his mouth, looking around, and closing it again. "Cas will be okay," Jack said, reassuringly. "Sam's stitching him up now". Dean's stomach flipped. He stared down at his legs, seeing the deep wounds oozing black muck and blood. He swallowed and slowly looked back up at the boy standing over him, the barrier between them, now gone. Jack had always been a pale kid but covered in Cas' blood and the black gunk from the Empty highlighted the current contrasting greyness of his skin. For once, Dean surmised, he truly looked his age. Not physically, exactly, but deep within his eyes he no longer looked like a perplexing, enigmatic being and was merely a three-year-old boy way, way out of his depth. Dean slowly stood back up, the fog had lifted from his brain as if a switch had been flicked. He traipsed over to the child and enveloped him in his arms, resting his chin on the top of his head. He sighed and closed his eyes, taking in the reality of the moment. He tried desperately to grasp at one of the many questions that he wanted to ask, to choose which one to ask him first.
Castiel's eyes burned at the words. He began to sob, deep ragged breaths rang through his room, as gripped at his chest as if desperately trying to hold his body together. His pure anguish overtook him as he realized,
“No, No, Dean” She rose and was backing away from him now. “There is only one way to save Sam and honestly, if I tell you, I think he may kill me for real this time.” Dean’s eyes searched her desperately, trying to piece together what the answer could be.
“I don’t want to complain. I mean, I’m wrapped. Heavens great. You guys have done a bang-up job and all… It’s just--” He hesitated a moment. “...I wouldn't mind it... if you pulled some strings and used the ol’ nepotism card to get me access to my old bed.” He stated almost as a question. “I mean, I totally understand it if it's too big an ask, but I did get stabbed in the back and these seats ain't the comfiest night's sleep”. Castiel smiled and Dean relaxed a little. “Is that a maybe?” Castiel looked out the window in front of him for a moment, contemplatively.
“Oh,” Castiel stated, as he slowly turned back to Dean, before he inhaled sharply, his free hand grabbed at his rib.
have it figured out.” Dean admitted, “It’s just that nobody else really gets it… but thanks.” He sighed.
“The Empty really gave you a beating, huh?” Cas’s mouth formed a thin line as he stared out of the Impala’s windscreen. He sighed then turned to Dean.
“She has a point”. Bobby stated from behind her. He reached over Ellen's shoulder and handed a glass of neat whiskey to Dean, who shot him a thankful look.
“--You said to me that the apocalypse was too huge for one man to shoulder,” He smiled, his eyes glazed over as he spoke, “I remember you apologizing to me for not being able to be the man either of our fathers wanted you to be.” Cas brought his eyes up to Dean’s.
“Oh,” Cas nodded. “I was trying to stand up to John for you and you don't need me to protect you, because that makes you feel weak right?” he hissed.
“The whole damn night by the side of-- you realize you could have, I don’t know, gone to Vegas, or something? Scammed us some-- wait, who do I think I’m talking about here, you would have never done that back in the day”. Cas grinned as Dean wiped the sleep from his eyes.
Dean immediately noticed the Hymns by Johnny Cash album and placed the bottle of scotch down on the jukebox before he scrounged his back pocket for the leftover change. He clicked the button for the second song titled “I Saw A Man” and Johnny Cash's voice droned out of the speakers. He chuckled to himself as he refilled his glass, fishing around in his back pocket for more coins.
"Yeah... You know if you keep hyperventilating, you're going to wake up before I can even do the job that I was sent here for." Dean tried to steady his breathing, rattled by the fact Adam had noticed his distress. Adam looked deep into Dean's eyes which were now getting heavy.
"If Cas' dying then why the hell'd you bring him out to the middle of nowhere?" Dean blurted. Jack tore his eyes off his substitute father to meet Dean's eyes in the mirror.
Dean's alarm rang out from his phone signaling that it was 5:00 am. His room was officially puke free as of 2:00ish last night when Sam and Eileen finally left after a quick, yet, sincere apology for punching Sam in the face, awkward silence, and a full hour of convincing Sam that he could be left alone. Dean rose without a second thought as he marched toward the bathroom and prepared for the day. His stomach was unsettled as he stared at himself in the mirror. He did indeed look like crap. His eyes were bloodshot with purple bags beneath them and his face was sunken and pale. While he gingerly shaved the overgrown beard, a million thoughts ran through his head that he hadn't yet really allowed himself to think about before.
“You’re the one that chose that outfit…” Sam mumbled. Deanna flipped her head back and tied her hair in a ponytail on the top of her head. She turned to her sister, her arms spread. “Better or worse?” Sam shrugged.
Dean felt shocked that he could tell when his eyes started to sting, he knew he was arguing with Sam about some stupid plan of his to save his poor dying older brother, but Dean couldn’t exactly grip at the words he spurred as they tumbled out of his mouth. He knew Sam wanted to think they could somehow walk away from this. Dean, however, knew this was the only way. This was… it was hard to keep his mind on what was going on around him. He warned that out loud, he hoped. He thought he mentioned it, at least.
Thanks so much for reading my fic. I've started reading other fix-it fics and now am super aware that there are some very creative and talented writers here. It's comforting that there are people out there helping me get some closure after fifteen years of emotional investment! Thanks again!
“No offense, Cas, but don’t you think that if the Empty was trying to give you some kind of jerk around, they’d have gone with something a little more, uhh,
"It's not like it sounds," Castiel shook his head, eyeing Adam who wore a satisfied grin. Michael looked like he wanted to walk into the ocean.
Deanna Winchester paced in a dark, stone alleyway. Her long, blonde hair whipped wildly around her. The frigid air bit into her skin, turning her nose and cheeks a bright shade of pink as she rubbed her tattooed arms through the brown leather material of her father, John’s jacket. John’s voice echoed in her mind reminding her to stick her hands under her armpits to keep them warm as she mentally cursed herself for wearing a little black dress in the first place. It had become so instinctual to her by now that whenever she was headed out into an unknown territory she would choose to arm herself with the extra weapon that had been readily available to her since birth. She didn't even consider that she’d dressed that morning in such a way until she had stepped out of the white 1967 Chevrolet Impala convertible, her black heeled boots splashing huge droplets of dirty water upon her leg as she landed straight into a puddle beside the car. Deanna knew, as she walked up and down on those uneven bricks, that if she could pull herself together and pluck up the courage within her to go inside, that she would be greeted with undoubtedly warm air inside the college housing. However, somewhere between the state lines, she seemed to have lost her nerve, being pulled forward purely upon the necessity, rather than her own will. She sighed as she forced herself to stop her incessant pacing.
“I-- I remember Jack-- He visited me-- spoke to me, in my dream”. Cas tilted his head, trying desperately to remember.
"Yeah, almost... But your mom, huh? That's awesome! When do I get to meet old lady Middleton?" Dean picked at a loose thread on the hem of his shirt.
"You look like you just went ten rounds with Jaws, by the way." Castiel's mouth tightened but he remained silent. Dean nodded to himself and let out a single humorless chuckle.
“What they had you doing in hell. Nobody deserves that. Your pain and self-loathing radiated like a supernova in that place. I couldn’t stand it.” Dean shook his head and placed his hand on Castiel’s.
“You don't have to come”. She stated, looking down at Deanna, her eyebrows high. Deanna pulled herself out of the chair and balanced John’s jacket on her arm as she inhaled dramatically and lifted the last of their drinks.
Dean. Human, flawed, run of the mill, Dean. There was no way in hell that Cas could have possibly meant that he
He placed his hand above him to the lid of the coffin, expecting to feel wood or fabric and instead his fingers pressed against the cold metal.
“Aren’t we a little old to be doing shots?” Sam laughed, “I don't know about you but I’m definitely finding it harder to bounce back”. Dean put down his shot in annoyance. He knew it was his last night on earth so he’d be damned if he didn't get to spend it getting absolutely shitfaced with his baby brother.
, Charlie. Got some dead guy he’s already committed to.” Dean’s breath hitched “Wait that is what you mean, right? Set him up as in… set him up?”
“A L.A.R.P.er friend who died after me, made me binge-watch "The Good Place" with her because she swears that they got Heaven creepily accurate in that show. So, I’ve just been doing that for the last few days... Apart from that, I’m thinking about teaching I.T. classes, and maybe getting a cat”. She nodded. Cas smiled at her.
He swiped and the image changed to a picture almost identical to the previous one but now with the addition of Dean’s head in the corner, a goofy smile plastered on his face. He swiped across again, an image of the back of Dean’s head as he presumably kissed his new husband on the mouth. Another swipe, the two men’s hands side by side, revealing matching gold bands. A final swipe, Cas, still in his tuxedo, tie missing, top buttons undone, curled in a fetal position, eyes closed, mouth agape, atop purple cheetah print satin sheets. Sam chuckled, shaking his head.
The pair's lips crashed together, moving gently against each other. Dean's world seemed to stand still as he finally found a sense of peace. No other thoughts plagued his subconscious for the first time in his entire life. He was simply there, at that moment, kissing the love of his life for the first time. Their mouths parted and the men's tongues met. Suddenly Castiel let out a deep noise of content from the back of his throat. At the same very moment, the bunker lights exploded, raining sparks around them.
"No, Dean." Jack lay his hand on Dean's arm reassuringly. "Lucifer presides over the Empty now. He has taken the place of the Shadow after we killed it."
Castiel awoke in his bed. The same brick walls on one side, as there had always been, the same cement wall on the other. His body ached badly as he tried to sit up, bringing a sudden rush of memory back to him. Castiel looked down at his hands, at Jimmy Novak's hands, and tried to concentrate on inspecting his true visage beneath them. His head exploded with pain at the strain it took to focus his grace. His hands, the glimpse of his celestial form, caused his stomach to roll. His fingers leaked grace, flesh dangled from various bones, and was ripped and torn clean off others. He whimpered at the sight, immediately reducing back into his vessel's form, silently praying to himself to forget the image.
“The one where Sam speaks to you in made-up sign language while--” Dean began shaking his head but Cas continued, oblivious, “--your mother bleeds out while giving birth... but you can’t understand him and are too busy paying attention to Amara while the two of you make out.” At the sight of Dean's now pailing face, Cas planted a kiss on Dean's hair.
“Yeah, well, at least it's an eternity in Heaven. Sure as hell beats the alternative.” He kept his gaze on the bubbles as they exploded at the surface of his drink.
“I-- I thought you knew... We’ve discussed it before. When an angel claims a soul it leaves a brand… And then-- You-- at your surprise party-- I thought--”
“I-- No, Jack, It’s not safe. You have to leave, now! You shouldn't be here--” Jack lifted his hand in a fist and opened it up presenting a white stoned ring to Castiel.
“Do you? I mean I’m sure the Elvis impersonator that officiated for you and Cas was great company and all but---”
“I’m-- I-” He shook his head and sucked his teeth, before chuckling and nodding, then flashed his eyebrows up. Cas stared at him, studying him, with a smirk on his face. “Yeah, okay. Alright!” Dean laughed. “Shut up!” Cas shook his head and took a seat beside him, bending forward, his eyes alight with warm kindness.
“Jack!” he called, as he rushed past Gadreel toward the group. Jack spun on the spot and as his eyes met Castiel’s, a wave of fear mirrored back at him.
“That’s not what I meant,” She swallowed, “I mean Jesse,” her voice broke. She sighed and inhaled a ragged breath. She went back to staring out the window for a moment before turning back to her sister. “Do you mind if I smoke in here?" Deanna choked on her burrito.
“No point crying over spilled blood”. Although he had. After Cas was taken from him he had spent hours sitting on the cold concrete floor, his back against the wall where Cas had pushed him, sobbing, unable to stop. The last thing he remembered doing was ignoring his brother's calls knowing he wouldn’t be able to choke back his tears long enough to speak. When he eventually came to, his sobs were ragged and his face was dry. Had he not eventually seen the time on his phone, he wouldn’t have known hours had passed.
“See this is the kind of thing I’m talking about” John boomed across the table, through the busy restaurant. “Pretty little thing like that and she doesn’t even get a second glance from you nowadays... You seem different. You're not out here having fun, I hate to think that you could have settled down if I didn’t drag you into the fight. I had no idea how big this would all become for you boys. I thought it would be one and done; get yellow eyes and then you’d go on to have a family of your own.” Dean opened his mouth to respond. Mary trained her eyes to her glass in front of her, taking little sips “--I know you said you have a family and that's great! I’m glad you and Sam were able to reconnect and that the two of you stayed close, but I wanted more for you. You never even had the chance to have kids of your own.” Dean sniffed, pulling the strength from inside him to cut through John’s speech.
“Yo, I feel like we should catch up properly when you get a minute. Hit me back.” Dean frowned reading the next text. He felt Cas’s eyes on him. “You and Cas seemed super weird last night. Is everything ok? I’m obvi here if you wanna chat.” The last two texts were just a gif of one of the Kardashians, the short one, a phone to their ear with a subtitle that read, “This conversation is already too long. Bye.” and afterward Charlie simply wrote “You”. Dean chuckled and replied.
“Dean,” Cas’s arms were back around his waist hugging him from the side while Dean continued to awkwardly cut at the eggplant. He laughed softly and twisted his torso around while poking his elbow into Cas’s arm. He peered at Cas out of the corner of his eyes.
… I mean-- Anna when she said she gave up her Grace, she wanted to do it to be able to experience love. And I-- I really, really held onto that, you know? Like love and-- and sex they’re not things that you could ever…”
“Souls shouldn’t need to urinate”. He said, before turning back and looking Dean in the eye for the first time since sitting down.
"I love you too, Jack." He held him for a while basking in how much lighter and calmer he felt now that things had been set right. When he was ready, he pat Jack on the back and pulled away, smiling gently at him. Looking at the boy in front of him he was forced to see the pure exhaustion on his face and decided to quickly swing the conversation back to business. "So, how'd you Oceans Cas' ass out of the Empty, anyway? Hand Amara the keys to the kingdom in order to gain a backstage pass... then what?" Dean asked, his voice gruff. Jack sighed and rubbed his eyes again. He was so incredibly grateful for Dean's forgiveness. He imagined that he'd finally be able to rest without the added guilt that usually sat atop his own. With time maybe, just maybe, he'd finally be able to forgive himself.
Dean started to wonder with panic, his breathing increased becoming somehow even shallower despite the fact he was noticeably filling his entire lungs, his chest rose and fell with great effort and his heartbeat drummed loudly in his ears. He smacked his fist against the metal, then began hitting it over and over again, trying desperately, albeit in vain, to make even the smallest of dents, knowing that the only alternative would be to run out of air. The metal thumps muffled pathetically against the six feet of soil between him and the real world. The skin on his knuckles split, stinging.
"Well, I don't know? You two seemed so happy and normal the last time I saw you. But then, last night, you were obviously avoiding each other until I Parent Trapped you... and then you both just disappeared without saying goodbye? Super weird behavior if you ask me". Dean nodded to himself, his eyes trained on his closed door.
” Dean replied, his anger slowly faded at the sight of a smile expanding over Castiel’s face. Dean’s own mouth reluctantly wavered as he rolled his eyes and shook his head. “It's not funny.” He stated, biting at his lips to keep himself from smiling. Castiel snickered and shook his head again.
“Fill me in on everything I’ve missed. I want details. The juicer the better.” Dean grinned. He’d missed Charlie, this Charlie; his Charlie. He hated himself for getting her killed trying to find a cure for the mark. He felt so guilty and sitting here, across from her. He couldn’t help but spiral, thinking about how he projected his guilt onto Sam, how he’d told Sam that it was his fault she was dead. He rubbed his hand over his stubbled mouth, trying to push those thoughts away for now.
Dean woke slightly to an arm in his face. His memory flooded back and he took a moment to mentally fist pump at the evident lack of a hangover. Heaven's perks were starting to pile up.
“Yeah, I don’t know, man. I don’t really think that’s my scene.” He pulled his hand out from under Cas’s and grabbed the bottle again taking multiple deep pulls of whiskey.
Dean mimed along to the words as he chose his next song “Lead me, Father”. Dean smiled thinking of his vinyl at home, the one he and Sam had found in one of his dad's storage units after he’d died. He felt relaxed listening to Cash’s voice, a gentle buzz coating his brain, the slight burn in his throat. He clicked “I call Him” next and added more coins into the slot.
"It's not just Sammy's to give away". He crossed the room with his hands full of empty bottles and placed them in the bin, the bottles clinking against each other as they settled.
“We don’t have to talk about it, Dean”. He stated, his eyes fixed to the knot in the wooden table in front of him. Dean swallowed then huffed out a short humorless laugh.
“Come on, love, we better give Dean some space,” Bobby explained, taking Karen’s hand in his and heading over to a table.
“Do you even know any rich people, D?” She questioned, a smug smile on her face. Deanna narrowed her eyes and raised her brows.
"Oh, okay? Cool?" he turned to Adam, "What's it like?" Dean raised his brows, interested. Adam addressed his brother, answering his question from earlier.
“Baby brother”, Gabriel replied, “Other... baby brother. I heard you’d woken up. Wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Couldn’t decide on a muffin basket or a home-baked pie, though... so I brought neither.” he shrugged. Cas’s brows furrowed.
Deanna had asked if Sam was feeling up to walking down to her car with her to get some clothes to which Sam stated that she’d prefer if D would simply borrow some of her clothes instead. Now Deanna stood in front of the full-length mirror attached to the back of the door of Sam’s closet. She flung her arms from side to side around her, John's leather jacket crackled quietly as she moved, her charm necklace flung against her chest.
“Yeah, well, I say a lot of things.” Dean shrugged, his eyes wild. Castiel sighed and took a step back. He sniffed and nodded at Dean, seemingly content with his answer or at least content enough to drop the argument for now.
"Call Sam and get him to meet us at the bunker" Dean fidgeted in his seat propping himself up on one leg trying to gain enough height to see into the back seat through the mirror.
“Figures. Cas did none of the grunt work, and yet, he gets all the glory.” He said looking at Gabriel, who shook his head.
“You done?” Dean sat staring at his brother, brows raised, as he lifted his shot glass again and motioned for Sam to do the same. Sam shook his head slowly in disappointment.
“I must be strong and carry on, ‘cause I know, I don’t belong here in heaven”, Dean mumbled Eric Clapton’s lyrics. Simon looked worried.
The street light streaked in through the blinds in front of where he lay, tingeing the room in streaks of yellow and contrasting blue tones of darkness. Luke’s breathing rang through the room as it got caught in the back of his throat. The comfort of Dean’s buzz had worn off and he now lay awake as his mind raced, collecting negative thoughts as if his brain was doused in honey and pushed down a hill. Dean lay staring at the window, unseeing as he tried to remember when exactly he had decided to give himself over to his nihilism. He seemed to be unable to recall the moments leading up to where he now lay, the way he had given in to temptation; the trepidation transforming into desire. He lay in his guilt, his disgust, his pure self-loathing, as tangible as the wet patch he’d created in the sheets that now soaked into his leg. Dean gently removed Luke’s arm from where it encaged him and placed it upon the man's own side. He gingerly freed himself from the sheet around him and quietly pulled his clothes back on, his head pounding, before tiptoeing toward the door and pulling it closed gently behind him. Dean retrieved his phone from his pocket, the brightness taking him off guard momentarily.
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Dean swallowed in an attempt to coat the dryness in his throat. “Dean? Answer me!” Cas growled.
"Oh, yeah! I've heard about that! Apparently, it's happening to a bunch of the newbies, like, if they have nobody here, time speeds up for them. Wild that it happened to you though, like, basically everyone you know is here, right?" Dean chuckled and repositioned his cell to the other ear.
“Woah, Cas. No way. I can’t be there when you listen to it.” Dean laughed. Cas shook his head, baffled, but didn't reply as he placed the tape back into his trenchcoat. The gravel crunched under the Impala's wheels as they pulled out of the parking lot and onto the road. Dean smiled.
"Hey man, I'm at peace." Dean declared, forcing the strange pang in the pit of his stomach down. He hated when Sam looked at him like that like he was trying to expose every microexpression he made. He took another long gulp of beer, intent on examining the bright and cheery flowers running across the window sills of Sam and Eileen's new home.
"Would you like me to let you know if he wakes up before then?" He asked before taking another sip from his mug.
“The Empty Heist? The big upgrade? None of that was you?” Gabriel questioned. Cas’s stomach flipped as he stared at the blanket on his legs. His brows sinking lower down his face. He faintly recalled a dream in the back of his mind, among the millions of dreams from while in the Empty. He tried to focus on it, as his eyes darted around. His two brothers shot worried looks between them as they watched him.
“Yeah, barrel of laughs, that guy. Who knew getting people hitched could be such a depressing gig.” Sam shrugged and his smile faded again.
"Is it hotter for you?" He looked up at his father before easily removing his jacket now. Castiel contemplated the question for a moment.
Deanna pulled her heels off and held them in her hand with the filthy rag. She ran down the stairs and past the lady at the desk, who was now crying on the phone to somebody about how she was “scared to go look” and she wasn’t “really sure what was happening”. Deanna jogged past her and out into the cold fall air. Her heart raced as she considered the possibility that a fancy rooftop club like that may have video cameras, and she had to remind herself that she had, in fact, done nothing wrong. The only thing she was guilty of was maybe making them seem more suspicious by trying to erase any evidence that they were ever there. She mentally kicked herself as she considered that she possibly could have made things worse before her mind screamed an image of Jesse's carved chest at her, reminding her that they’d be vulnerable out in the open crowd of a police station and that keeping a low profile was now the only guaranteed way to ensure she could keep her sister safe.
“No.” The memory version of him continued. “I feel regret...” He explained. “About you, and what I did to Sam.” Castiel watched himself as he hyperventilated, wondering how he had managed to remain so calm at the time. As if his anguish wasn’t completely debilitating, having finally realized that Dean had been right all along; that he had made a huge mistake entrusting Crowley over the Winchesters. As if it wasn’t excruciating realizing that this was the first time he had felt any negative side effect from having free will. Dean turned back to move more of Crowley’s machines.
“What would be the point? I go back down there, I’m only gonna end up back here again, eventually.” Dean’s last song began.
“You’re still ashamed of me.” He concluded, his voice breaking. Dean sighed and closed his eyes tight. He shook his head before he turned to look at Cas.
“Sounds like my worst nightmare but--” he sighed, “Me too, I guess. Would have been nice to play Pictionary on earth as one big happy family like Jack showed me, rather than wait for everyone to come here so we can finally, I don’t know, relax.” Cas nodded sadly.
“No. That's all. Thanks Pen, you’ve been a big help”. Cas nodded overenthusiastically. Penemue eyes narrowed for a moment before he shook his head, then disappeared in a beat of wings. Dean leered at Cas, licking his lips and putting his free hand in his pocket.
“I’ve wanted this for so long,” Cas stated, cutting through Dean’s rambling. Castiel shook his head. “So." He emphasized the periods between the words with kisses on Dean's lips, "Long.” Dean nodded as Castiel’s hand found the scar on his arm again, as it had so many times throughout the night. Dean swallowed hard.
“Hi. Uh, party for Brandy?” Sam stated, the lady jumped and dropped her phone suddenly as if she’d been snuck upon. Deanna raised a brow at the woman's lack of awareness skills.
Sam’s eyes ran over the pews and landed on Cas. He noted the disapproving look shot directly at Dean’s laughter and cleared his throat in an attempt to hide his own smile. Sam continued to look out at the sea of people watching him, seeing everyone who came to celebrate; seeing family. Charlie and Stevie, Crowley and Rowena, Jody and Donna, Claire, Kaia, Patience, and Alex, Garth, Bess, little Castiel, and Sam, Bobby, Ryan, Max, Alicia, and Lorraine, Mike, Laurie, Scott, Eugine, and Jenna. Gerty dumped a fistful of the remaining petals at Sam’s feet. He tried to shoot her a reassuring smile, but she hawked up her dress, ran back to her family, and bounded onto her mother's lap before even looking up. Sam noted Garth’s mouthed ‘Sorry’ and tried desperately to stifle his laughter before a stirring at the back of the hall made Sam catch his breath.
“You still really want to leave here don’t you?” He asked. Dean gave Cas a quick kiss on his cheek then jumped up out of the bed.
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged. “It is what it is, I guess”. He took a long swig from his beer. Cas sighed again and wiped a hand over his mouth in frustration before starting the car.
A disgusting thought occurred to Dean, he realized that he wished that Cas had chased after him. He wished that he’d grabbed his shoulder and stopped him in his tracks, pushing him against the wall, yelling at him in his commanding voice about how insensitive he was being. He wished that Cas had called him an asshole and had boomed at him about how obvious it was that he was projecting his own issues onto a seemingly reasonable guy who was doing nothing but trying to help the people that Dean cared about. He wanted the excuse to yell back at him, to punch the wall in anger and scream about how of course he was gonna be acting a little off when he just found out that the man he had been in love with for over a decade, give or take, had previously been in love with him in return but now, for some unknown reason, had finally had a glimpse at the
“Hey. It’s okay. I promise you I’m gonna hunt down the demon that did this, okay, Sammy? I promise.” She muttered into her sister's collarbone. Sam looked down at Deanna, her mouth shook and her eyes filled with darkness, the likes of which Deanna had never seen upon her little sister’s face before.
"You're gonna spend the rest of your life waiting for ghosts?" She breathed so quietly as if she was worried someone else might overhear.
“Oh, crap! Did I miss? My aim’s a little…”, Lucifer waved his hand over his shoulder, “...off. I think it’s the rage”, He said, nodding. “Yeah... My therapist says I should work on it. You never know when I could be in a dire emergency and only able to see red, ya know?” He unstuck the blade easily and ripped Cas’s wing up, bending it at the wrong angle. Cas inhaled sharply, desperately attempting not to show any of his fear or pain. Lucifer smirked before slicing the blade down in one long cut along the bone. The burning ripped through Castiel like a bolt of lightning. He groped aimlessly at Lucifer's legs, grunting in pain as he desperately tried to pull himself up so he could fight back. Lucifer rolled his eyes and simply kicked his leg out, his foot hitting Cas in the face.
“Alright, well, we’d better hit the road so we can get something to eat, stat.” Deanna pointed to the duffle bag on the bed. “That everything?” Sam paced over to the wall behind her bed and pulled down the poster, the rings of various crystals on her fingers clunked against the wall.
"Are you saying Jack made you… an angel… rather than play cat-burglar-and-mouse with the empty?" Dean’s breathing increased as his brain caught up, comprehending the words and their implications. Adam eyed him quizzically.
"How are you doing, Jack?" Dean asked a little hesitantly. Jack tried to flash a reassuring smile at the man but he was so tired that he only bared his teeth at him pitifully.
"Fix him" He barked at his younger brother, making sure he made direct eye contact with him. He nodded to himself and licked his bottom lip absentmindedly before wiping his eyes and trudging out of the room.
“Yeah," Sam huffed, "that’d be just our luck.” he declared. Dean shook his head at his younger brother in the mirror. He counted on his fingers.
2. He'd sell the bunker to Jody, stick around and train the girls in case any of the other things that go bump in the night finally resurfaced. He liked the idea of knowing he could feel safe having trained a younger generation of capable hunters.
Deanna paced the interior of the bunker calling for her sister but knew it was pointless. Her chest shook as she puffed out shallow, anxious breaths. Finally, she reached the garage and gripped at a metal beam beside her for support as she stared at the empty parking space where the Impala had once been.
“Umm okay?--” Before Charlie could continue Castiel was back again holding three full bottles of bourbon in each hand. He took his seat back beside Charlie. Dean eyed Cas as he lined the six bottles up and took off their lids, a small smile danced on his lips. Dean’s chest grew warm.
“Trying to bum a smoke?” Dean asked as he approached. Cas turned his head slowly to Dean before looking back up at the sky. Dean followed his gaze. Dean’s drunken eyes spun, unfamiliar constellations blurred, lighting up the inky black sky above him causing him to let out a low whistle. Castiel glanced at him before raising his eyes skyward again, a small smile danced at his lips.
Dean placed the straw aside and took a gulp of the sugary liquid. He cringed at the sweetness as he placed the drink back down upon the bar.
“Are we done here, Deanna? I kind of wanna go meet up with my friends.” D let out a single sarcastic laugh.
"Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna be able to solve any of my unresolved issues anytime soon... so that's awesome." Dean sighed. His stomach felt tight suddenly as he worried over the concept of being out of place in heaven forever; Being trapped in an afterlife where everyone was happy and at peace while he walked around, perpetually bitter over dying young. There was something he could do to make heaven feel a little bit more like a home all he had to do was move. Move one arm. Just lift that one left arm and place it upon Cas's torso. He searched Cas' eyes while the angel's azure eyes bore into him in return. He so desperately wanted, at this moment, to ask Cas to go through his dramatic as shit speech with him. He wanted to dissect it together, word by word; ask for clarification of each sentence, to ensure he could comprehend what exactly Cas had meant. Yet, Dean knew he should wait until the morning until he had a clear, sober mind. It seemed possible, it wasn't too far away, after all. Maybe in the morning, when the room stops spinning, Dean will have found the courage. "Night, Cas," Dean said rolling over and turning off the lamp beside him. Castiel sighed and turned off the light on his side.
“Keep some fuel for a real emergency, Amelia Earhart,” Dean retorted as he stretched himself, his joints cracked and popped as he moved.
“Don’t worry about her, she just likes complainin'. Seems the angels are handing out unlimited pocket money here”, Bobby explained, seemingly astonished by this. “You’ve met my wife, Karen”. He confirmed, standing behind her and placing his hands on her arms. Dean nodded.
“I’ll get one of the Monster burgers, and the Roosevelt with a side of fries rather than a salad.” Mary grinned up at the waitress as she wrote it down.
Dean stared at the blank canvas in front of him for a full half-hour feeling uncomfortable, awkward, and still very pissed off from his argument with Cas. Penny walked the group commenting on everyone's work, stopping to take notes on his clipboard as he stood behind Jack, questioning the reasoning behind the three-year-olds choice to use his fingers over the paintbrushes that sat unused on the lip of his easel.
“Goal!” Lucifer yelled as he sent Cas flying backward. Cas’s vision blurred, his grace leaked in a steady stream from his eyes. He hastily blinked in an attempt to clear his view and managed to make out various other angels and demons, off to the sides, watching him. They had given Lucifer a wide berth, intent on not interfering; staying safe, and out of the way. Lucifer was on him again, his legs pinning Cas’s arms to the ground, his wings on Cas’s legs. Lucifer leaned down over his younger brother, his hot breath smelled of rotting flesh as he brought his mouth to Castiel’s forehead and planted a wet kiss.
"Yeah, that's the opposite of what I wanna hear". Cas sighed and lay down. "You think you could get any of your angel pals to pop by and deliver a message to him for me? Maybe someone who could take your usual gig while you're stuck up here?" Cas considered this.
“Was it now?” A sickening jolt ran through Dean’s spine, exploding like lightning in his stomach. He blinked rapidly in the direction of the voice, trying desperately to clear his vision. He found himself standing alone in a treeless empty field that seemed to stretch on as far as he could see; he was completely and utterly alone, barring the single person standing in front of him. A smirk on his face, arms crossed against his chest, looking the same as ever, with the exception of the addition of horrific milky white irises, stood John Winchester.
“You are!” Dean beamed and tickled Jack's belly. Jack stumbled as he attempted to pull himself up to a sitting position. Still smiling, he crawled on his knees toward Dean.
“Yeah, anywhere here’s good!” She stated, flourishing her hands at all four of the picnic tables. Dean looked over at the table of people that Charlie came from. His eye contact caused Penemue to stand and climb out of the seat, and Castiel to leave Dean's side to meet the other angel halfway. Dean did a double-take and slapped Charlie on the shoulder. “That Mamma Middleton!?” He didn’t wait for a response and trudged over to the already packed table, leaving Charlie laughing, following in his wake.
“It’s been gone for over a decade”. Dean’s eyebrows pulled together. Balthazar, Gabriel, Metatron, Samandriel all burst into laughter from the other side of the room, turning to look in Dean's direction. Castiel looked awkward and embarrassed as Metatron said something and they all started up again louder, roaring with laughter. Gabriel hit Cas on his shoulder, causing Cas to flinch. Charlie, now curious, decided to call out to Cas. She raised a hand.
“Uh, our mutual friend Brandy set us up, I guess.” She smiled. Deanna drummed her nails against the table.
"Well, this guy", Dean pointed to Steve Phoenix, "just annihilated a cover of, uh--" Dean furrowed his brow and hit his hand against Cas's chest.
“Yeah, okay.” he shook his head, “Umm. It’s alright. Keven said something in there--”, he tilted his head toward the Roadhouse, “about how I’ve been here... for days?”
Dean liked to imagine Sam would have named the kid after him just like their mom named them after her parents. Probably called the kid Dean John or Dean Bobby. He wasn't sure which. He chuckled to himself, alone in his car, imagining the poor woman Sam ended up with, having to deal with either name. Maybe they would insist on calling the kid by their middle name. John Dean sounded way cooler, like James Dean, hell, even Bobby Dean sounded awesome. Sam, stubborn as he is, would hate that, probably end up stitching the kid's name on all of his clothes to prove a point or something. Dean pictured the poor kid running around in a park somewhere in suburbia with his name embroidered on his overalls in bright yellow and smiled.
. “The first feeling I ever remember having felt was guilt.” Castiel continued, his eyes darting off to the side as he remembered, “From the moment I pulled you out of hell and back to the earth, the very second I started to communicate with you, I felt tremendous guilt. For the trials I was ordered to put upon you.” He chuckled, his eyes crinkling in the corner as they flickered back to Dean's crestfallen face, “And it’s so hilarious now, to look back on everything, knowing that all of us angels, we had all been so completely full of feelings the entire time. We had only been told that it was so deeply wrong. So that we would be better soldiers; so that we would remain meek and more willing to obey.” He grinned at Dean, “It was like that fucking story The Emperor’s New Clothes.” Dean's brows raised in shock at the angel's use of curse word then after a moment shook his head slowly, his brows furrowed and Castiel beamed at him. “Really? You don’t know that one?” the angel specified.
“I mean, it’s clearly warded out the ass so I think it should be fine... but I’m definitely gonna cleanse the place if that's okay with you? I’ve got some homemade smoke sticks and palo santo on my bag if you wanna help”. Deanna nodded, her eyes still wide with awe.
"What do you want?" Sam asked as she strode to meet Deanna in the doorway, blocking her entrance. Deanna let out a single humorless chuckle.
“You’re okay. Shh, You’re okay.” Cas recited as he rocked Dean back and forth. Dean realized as he caught his breath and clamped his mouth closed shut, that he himself had been the person that had previously heard yelling. “Shh, You’re okay.” Castiel dug his chin into Dean’s shoulder and yanked the blanket down to their feet before continuing to rock them both back and forward as the world righted itself. “It’s okay. You’re okay”.
Dean had almost revealed too much again. His anxiety had yo-yoed all day. He had elated moments of contentment, even bliss as the hours ticked down, feeling more at peace with his decision, enjoying simple moments with Sam. The lighthearted wisecracks they shared between them gave Dean a window into Sam’s future; a long and happy life that, according to what Adam had relayed from Jack, he would now certainly get to live. However, the knowledge of this didn’t stop the complete and utter dread from sneaking up on him whenever he was alone. After a long morning of savoring each bite of his favorite food, Dean had convinced Sam to accompany him to a bar. He’d found a shitty dive online called “Tipsy Taps”. The name caused an eyebrow raise from Sam but he seemed to agree that it looked like their usual kind of place in the pictures, so he was willing to come along for a little while. Now, Dean found himself alone in the bathroom staring at himself in the mirror. Waves of heat pulsed through him at the reminder of his ever-present doom, causing him to violently dry heave. He desperately wanted to share his terror, let Sam attempt to comfort him in some way, but he knew that there was no hope, no possible words that could calm the panic that surged through him, he’d have to find another way to suppress the anxiety inside him before he’d accidentally to let too much slip and Sam clued in on what was going on with him.
"What are you doing here, D?" Sam asked, her voice brimmed full of frustration. Deanna spun around and grinned at the costumed man on the corner of the bed.
“Yeah, well”, he began, walking toward the decanter that sat in the corner of the room, "I’m fine. Cas’s dead and he ain’t coming back.” He poured himself three fingers of whiskey and downed the glass, before refilling it with another four, and walking back over to his seat.
, he decided. He tried to smother himself in the urgency of the situation, desperately reminding himself to focus on the kids. These two kids; two brothers (Ironic. Even for Chuck it was a bit on the nose). They were everything to Dean, now. If only he could save these two more lives, maybe his life would be worth something. He sent up a silent prayer to whoever was listening; to Jack,
“Since when has that actually been the rule when I’m the one who’s driving?” Dean smiled at this. He was always reminding Sam that the Impala was his car, after all, and without him, there wouldn’t even be a radio.
“Yeah.” Sam agreed, “Wish you stopped me from calling Eileen”. Dean rolled his eyes and placed the toothbrush in his mouth as he heard the splatter of Sam's urine hitting the toilet.
"Alright," he slapped Cas on the shoulder. His chest rising and falling rapidly. "I'm in." He chuckled and shook his head. "God damn it, you fucking romantic, son of a bitch." His laughter broke up his words into a staccato as if he could hide his vulnerability behind the words. Dean sighed and swallowed hard again as he scanned Castiel's face, "You still on board if I need a good five more years just to process all of--" he gestured his hands up and down before the angel, "--all of this?" His smirk wavered.
“Oh, Cassandra. Tsk-tsk-tsk.” A voice screeched, “No. I don’t think you’ll make it out of this one.” Above him, Castiel heard the suction of teeth, as he felt a kick to his side, causing him to roll over and curl in on himself in pain, his fear mounting. Castiel spared a quick glance above him, confirming his suspicions regarding the identity of the assailant.
“I assume that he wanted to show you that heaven will eventually start to feel more like a home, he can probably sense--”
The lady handed Dean the thin cardboard menu from a few feet beside where he sat on the bar. “Oh, uh, sorry,” he said and scanned quickly at the menu glancing up to see the irritated look on the woman's face as she picked at her bright red nails, impatiently. “Um, I’ll take one of these,” Dean decided, pointing to a random picture of an orange and yellow drink with a slice of pineapple on the rim.
“So what? You just come to gloat or you tryna work out some sorta deal? Because I thought that was more your old gig.”
Sam grunted as he heaved his body into the back seat. Both he and Dean wore black suits that had been perfectly tailored to their bodies a few months prior. Dean sat behind his Castiel and squeezed his shoulder as he shut the car door behind him. Jack turned around in his seat and beamed at the brothers as they started up at the prospect of seeing the boy for the first time since he'd impressed the big wigs at his internship and started tagging along on fieldwork.
am gonna kill you.” He balled his hand into a fist, holding all of his sudden rage, and hope, and anxiety in his hand. Rowena shook her head.
a reason forcing me to stick around. Turns out, I kind of wanted to live after all.” He chuckled, and with a shake of his head, he grabbed an eggplant in one hand and the knife in the other and started chopping.
“Glad to see you got here nice and early,” John remarked, holding his hand out. Dean eyed John's hand for a brief moment, then, trying not to read too much into the obvious difference from the hug that he'd been greeted with the night before, he grasped it in his own and shook it firmly. The three of them took their seats; John and Mary on one side, Dean and an empty seat on the other.
“I’m sorry I didn’t drape myself in black and wail for seven days,” he sighed, “but Sam and I definitely did mourn you--
“Right--” Sam's lips formed a thin line, he seemed unsure how to continue, “I, Uh-- I noticed you’ve been spending some time in the basement”. Dean swallowed hard, his facade faltered. “I know that losing Cas again hasn’t exactly been easy”.
“Fuck”, Dean whimpered and swallowed down the dryness in his throat. He closed his eyes tight and blinked away the tears that had formed.
“Pen told me you’re new at… all of this. Sorry if it’s awkward. I’m not really good at indoctrinating baby gays into the fold”. Dean pulled his lips into a thin line.
“I-- Uhh, Sorry, Sir-- I just--”, Dean began suddenly full of fear and anger and frustration. He didn’t want to have to pray to Cas again if he could help it. He hated how vulnerable and needy it made him feel. He also knew from past experience that there was no way he would be able to get out of this conversation any time soon. If John wanted to talk, there was no escaping, in fact, he’d better come up with a full and comprehensive report on the damned topic. Dean’s heart sank. He knew he had missed his chance to actually talk to Cas, he knew he’d probably flown off by now.
“Fuck” she mumbled to herself as she wrapped her arms around her. Sam climbed out of the opposite side and the two met each other beside the car, staring hesitantly at the rusty metal door. Dianna inhaled, pulling herself together, and marched toward the entrance, she inserted the key and placed her hand upon the handle. She turned toward Sam who stood beside her. “You wait here. No use both of us being killed.” she shrugged. Sam scoffed.
"I wanted to find out how your dinner went. You were obviously incredibly anxious about going, because of me; because of my behavior towards John". Cas stated, raising a beer and taking a large pull as if as a metaphorical period. Dean huffed out a single laugh and plonked himself into a seat beside the angel. He shook his head.
“Penemue, but you can call me Penny.” The man replied, taking Dean's hand in his and shaking it. “So, you’re him, huh?” Penny asked. Dean looked to Cas awkwardly before plonking himself back down in his seat. Castiel stared down at the floor by his feet.
“We’ll bring you into the fold, once you’re all healed up, Cassie, I promise,” Balthazar said patting the blanket on his legs. The pain made Cas flinch and inhale sharply. “Oh, sorry!” Balthazar grinned. “That was an accident, despite what you may believe, A happy accident, but still… an accident”. Gabriel chuckled and pushed Balthazar's head as he passed.
if you cared about him as much as you think you did, we wouldn’t be here, right now.” D spat. Sam flinched at her older sister's words, her face full of hurt. Deanna's heart sank.
The night continued in a somewhat repeated fashion, Dean insisted on drinking more and more while Sam attempted to start up further conversation around Dean’s feelings, poking holes in his facade. Dean tried to steer the conversation away from him by focusing on Sam's issues; asking questions about Eileen. Which had worked for the most part until Sam point-blank asked,
“Let's try for all six shall we?” He whispered in Cas’s ear as Cas squirmed beneath him in another futile attempt at breaking free. Lucifer carved into Cas’ other wings, peeling back the skin and iridescent feathers as he worked, slicing and cutting them, before throwing the dismembered pieces aside, singing all the while. Castiel kicked and scratched and screamed and tried to fly away and nothing worked, Lucifer just kept carving away, singing.
“I don’t know how to--- uhh... it's just that…” Sam began to broach the subject, “This can’t exactly have been that much of a shock to you, can it?” Dean looked at his brother completely bewildered. Sam nodded and continued. “I don’t know, Dean. I feel like he’d do anything for you, he’s been pretty upfront about his whole…” Sam tried to find the right words, eager to avoid the use of the term ‘heart on’, “Uhh, infatuation... with you.” Dean scoffed.
“Exactly” Balthazar agreed, “Just have yourself a nana nap and focus on getting better”. Cas sighed. He knew he was not much use to anyone in this condition but he still needed answers and he was getting increasingly bothered at his brother's evasiveness.
“I’m dealing”. Dean barked. “You’d think after years of overly melodramatic speeches about how I need to deal with my own crap, constantly bringing up every”, Dean put on a lower voice, imitating his younger brother, “‘unhealthy coping mechanism’”, his eyes widened, “--I
“Plan is tomorrow. Today’s supposed to be something of a last horah, you know, party as much as I can, while I can, even though this ain’t even real beer,” he shook his head in disgust at his glass but Simon was no longer paying Dean any attention. He stood as a new group of people marching lined up outside of the bar. It was the largest group yet, Dean noted, he wasn't able to see the end of the crowd of people marching, as it twisted back down the street, and around the bend. Penny was suddenly at Simon's side, his hand rubbing circles over the man's back as tears formed in both of their eyes. Dean stood as he read the sign being held at the very front of the group, in large black letters it read, "Those who lost their lives to the AIDs epidemic".
"Okay, sure. Good. Because I'm thinking I might try set Castiel up with this Gayngel helping me organize the whole thing." Dean froze, his heart pounded in his chest.
He was awake again; he was in the Empty and somehow he had woken up, more importantly, he wasn’t the only one awake. He watched as angels and demons in both corporeal and spiritual forms attacked one another in a biblical massacre. Screams and wailing echoed through the nothingness surrounding them. A hand fell upon his shoulder.
“Yeah.” He mumbled, shaking his head. He smirked and opened his eyes, staring directly at his father, seeing Mary’s worried, shocked look out of the corner of his vision. “Yeah,
“Hang on a sec”. He shut off the water and wrapped himself in a towel before ripping open the door and dragging himself to the bathroom sink.
“The M.O.C. Gasp. Show me”. Charlie reached her hands across the table pulling at the sleeve on Dean’s red button-up shirt.
“Yes, well. Seeing as how you were the one to send me to that rotten place, I figure I’m deserving of some leeway regarding my manners”. Cas’s chest fell, another memory he had tried to forget. One that had plagued his dreams in the Empty. Evidently, his face displayed his regret and shame as Balthazar replied hastily. “Ohh. uhh, It’s okay, Cas. You’ve more than made up for it since. So none of that famous guilt complex that you’ve stolen from those two apes you’re so fond of”. Cas sighed as he recalled his misguided reason for ending his brother's life in the first place.
"No, it's fine" Adam piped up before anyone else could answer, and plonked himself down in the sand. He rearranged his hotdog into one hand and then extended his free one toward Steve, "My name's Adam, I'm Dean's younger brother," Steve Phoenix shook his hand "and this is my main man, Michael," he pointed with his thumb up at where Michael stood above them "who is, uh... kind of Castiel's older brother." Dean shook his head, looking like he was trying to keep the hotdog down.
He thought of all of the times he was with Benny in purgatory. Their simple need for flesh, at the time seen as a necessity, helping to keep them sane during dark nights, had quickly turned into a disgrace that he had looked back on with regret when he arrived back in the real world. He pushed Benny away, and even then, people could sense it, Sam could sense it, the way he continuously questioned Dean's loyalty, his relationship, with the vampire.
“Uh, yeah. I’ll have that too” Dean stated. “You guys sell beer?” he asked as he flipped the menu, taking in the text for the first time. The waitress pointed at the drinks section of the menu across the table. “Oh, I’ll just get the house, uhh--” he looked between his parents, “You want a jug?” John and Mary looked at each other and then nodded.
“You got any salt?” she asked, decidedly ignoring her sister’s question until she was satisfied with their current level of safety. Samantha rolled her eyes and sniffed as she bent down to flip the fuzzy rectangular rug that she had by her front door, revealing a devil's trap drawn on the underside of it with what looked like a Sharpie. Deanna nodded at the rug and raised her chin toward the window as if to ask about how they would be protected if a demon decided to scale the outside wall. Samantha shook her head and retrieved a large bag of salt from under the bed, the corner of which was already torn open. She poured a line across the windowsill before dropping the bag of salt, the contents spilling all over the floor, as she slumped down onto her bed, her head buried in her hands. She gasped for breath. “Hey,” Deanna raced to crouch in front of her and began rubbing her sister's arm as she sobbed.
“Nooooo.” Jack rolled his whole head with his eyes, “I gave it to you, silly!” he smiled “A welcome home present!” Dean smiled confusedly at Castiel.
“My brother”, he chuckled, correcting the man, “just left to call his ex-girlfriend.” The man raised his brow and gave Dean a knowing smile.
“Uh, yeah, well, you know,” Dean shrugged, “I’ve been mainly helping potty train god, nothing out of the ordinary.” His parents laughed a little at this, causing Dean to relax into his chair. “What about you guys? You shacked up in the old family home or did you finally get that vacation house by the lake that you always wanted, mom?” Mary’s eyes lit up and she hit John on the arm gently with the back of her hand.
Cas shot Dean a coy, smug look as if he’d just proved why he’d elected not to introduce the pair yesterday. Dean rolled his eyes and watched as Cas and Jack bounded around the latter’s newly upgraded bedroom like the irritating morning people that they were.
“He was on the run, Dean. Need I remind you how impermissible it was for angels to fraternize with humans, up until very recently?”
Dean found himself back on the bridge where he had imagined meeting Sam earlier and pulled the impala off to the side. The driver's side door creaked as Dean got out of the car, his jaw set in an attempt at bravery.
He closed his eyes and leaned back in the chair, rubbing his hand over his temples, elbow in the air. He was anxious. He was so damn anxious and he desperately didn't want Castiel to see that. His eyes still closed, he imagined a scenario in which he'd breach the last time they talked.
“Penemue was one of the first angels stationed to watch the people of Earth. Once he saw all the wonders of humanity first hand...” Cas smiled, “he helped you by teaching your people to read and write. To the legions of heaven, this was seen as a blasphemous act that could lead to free will, and therefore, corruption and sin. He was cast out of heaven shortly after. He never returned to who he had once been, he wandered earth alone for eons. The only reason he’s agreed to rejoin us here in Heaven is because he fell in love and his husband--,” Cas swallowed, “died. Decades ago. They are finally reunited in this new Heaven.”
Cas looked up again for a moment and the pair's eyes met. Dean's breath caught. Before he knew what he was doing; before he had time to stop himself, he placed one hand upon the bed and the other cradled the side of Castiel's face, and leaned himself over the injured angel, bringing his face up to Cas' and gently pressing his lips upon Castiel's. Dean's heart burned for a moment and heat ran through his body, then just as suddenly, he caught himself and pulled away awkwardly. He turned, eyes wide, and absentmindedly licked his lips. He stared at the chair in shock, refusing to meet Cas' eyes. Castiel saw his own shock mirrored on Dean's face and sat there for a moment trying to speak. His mind was racing, trying to understand. Dean, very slowly and methodically, rose up from the bed to leave without a word but Castiel leaned forward and caught his hand. The pain from his wounds jarred him into reality as he began to comprehend what had just happened.
“What, you don’t like it? Sam and I used to rock a hoodie all the time, back in the day. I forgot how comfortable they are.” Dean pulled at the soft grey fabric on his torso. Cas smirked.
“Why don’t you sit down and start at the beginning”. Dean sighed and rubbed his hand over his mouth before nodding and walking over to his place by the wall. He slumped back down to the concrete and pulled his legs up against his chest. Rowena stood across from him, refusing to sit. Dean absentmindedly rubbed his left shoulder, and began telling Rowena the events of the last week or so. He explained all about how Billy had been gunning for the God gig and how Cas had paid the ultimate price to keep them safe, to give them their best chance. He decided not to share the exact details of how that went down, however. Nobody needed to know that but him. He spoke of how he, Sam, and Jack had defeated Chuck, and how Jack had taken his place at the top of the food chain. His voice started to shake as he shared the details of his dream with Jack from that night. He noticed that Rowena’s worried look turned to one of pity as he spoke of his dream. The look made his mouth dry. After a long pause, Rowena crouched down beside him, placing her hand on his shoulder.
“Fine! You want me to say, I’m not okay? I’m not okay, Sam. Look, if I thought there was any way you could help, I would’ve come asking you but there's not a single thing you, or I, could possibly do to change things... so there's no real point in talking about it... Now, If you don't nut up and shut up. I'm gonna go ahead and do all of these shots without you, and I know you've been dying for an excuse to drunk dial Eileen so--” he raised his shot higher into the air. Sam begrudgingly lifted the small glass in front of him and the two brothers threw back their drinks. Dean sniffed and exhaled at the burning in his throat while Sam huffed out forcefully.
“We had to keep the bunker hidden. We didn’t want anyone to stumble upon it accidentally.” Dean nodded slowly.
”. The two men stopped in front of door twenty-two. Castiel’s hand hovered over the handle before he turned toward Dean, an eyebrow raised.
it was just an awesome bonus having this real-life super-soldier on the team, you know. And you-- like it wasn’t about-- how I felt.” he sighed and turned back to look at Cas who studied him silently.
, he repeated internally, over and over. Dean allowed his eyes to slowly focus and saw that the page he had been staring at on his laptop had been his Facebook feed. He must have been gazing at it for over an hour, simply scrolling endlessly down his feed. He stopped on a post from a random Facebook friend named Joseph Allen. He couldn’t place the name, so could only assume he was one of the many random “friends” he'd once saved on a job. Often after saving someone's life the vic' would ask for a way to keep in touch, figuring they’d feel safer knowing how to contact him Sam or Dean in case they ever crossed paths with another monster. It seemed to give the survivors a sense of security.
“Go, Sammy! Now!” She breathed. Sam pulled her shoes off as if working on autopilot and shook off whatever puke remained on them. In her socks she walked back toward the door, avoiding her vomit as she stepped, her eyes glazed over again, staring directly in front of her as she moved.
Long lush green grass replaced the whole flooring throughout the room, bright wildflowers peppered the area. In the corner of the room, where the concrete wall met the bricks, a large apple tree bloomed. The tree had four brilliant red apples the size of basketballs hanging from the front branches, each of the apples printed with a letter to spell out the name “Jack”. The ceiling of the room was missing completely, or at least it would seem that way had they not been in an underground bunker and had Dean not been able to recall the absence of a gaping hole in the earth when he arrived last night. Clouds scattered the light blue sky in unnatural shapes. A cloud the shape of a bunny, hopped by as Dean made his way wide-eyed, toward where Castiel stood, Jack, now a toddler, balanced upon his hip. In the chair in the far corner sat another angel, a woman with dark hair, eyes, and skin, her hair pulled back out of her face, a book upon her lap and a pen in her hand, she regarded Dean carefully. A tank sat on the table beside her, inside it a snake slept under the warm light. Jack turned in Cas’s arms and beamed a smile at Dean.
1. He could stop answering everyone's calls, drink himself into the ground, and only leave the bunker for supplies or to gank a ghost on the rare occasion one popped up.
Dean spent the next few hours getting serious grass stains in his jeans while playing with Kelly and Jack. He ignored Castiel every time he tried to join them. After a few not-so-subtle digs under his breath and awkward looks from Kelly, Cas gave up trying, retreating back to sit on the corner of Jack's bed where he would only speak when spoken to. It wasn’t long before Rebecca left and Penemue took her place, conjuring up easels, palettes, canvases, and pots of bright colored paints with "NON-TOXIC" labels written on them in large, bold letters.
“What do you want me to say, Dean?” He shrugged. “That it was horrible? That I’m still not completely convinced that I made it out?” he sighed, massaging his temples. Dean nodded, his eyes out the back window as Mary’s blue Camaro pulled out of the parking lot and onto the road. He watched it as its lights slowly faded into the distance.
Dean slowly sat up and pulled the thin blanket, kindly left for him, over his shoulders and stretched his legs out, kicking a beer bottle over in the process.
"Tell you what." He leaned in and spoke into Claire's ear, "You tell Sam that I said you can have the bunker if I get his McMansion okay?" He pat her on the top of her long blonde hair and turned to leave.
“I’m healed..." Cas began, "I’m able to go back and forth from here to earth but I doubt the council will even really need me and there's always Angel Radio…” he shook his head, and placed his hand in Dean's, looking deeply into his green eyes, “I honestly believe with my entire being, that Jack elected to forgive you, Dean. I think that somewhere deep down he remembers how you treated him, but he has also seen the way you've instantly and furiously accepted him as your son again." Dean nodded slowly at this and ran his hand over his mouth, Castiel chuckled, "I-- Have you really spent these last two weeks trying to choose between Heaven or Earth,
“Yeah, well, I think I might have been too busy looking at him to notice that he started to look away.” Dean shook his head and raised his eyebrows.
There, dressed in a long white dress, her arm in Jack’s, stood Eileen, a huge grin plastered to her face, her eyes locked on Sams. Tears welled up in both of their eyes. A warmth spread through Sam’s chest as he reveled at the sight of her; as he reveled at the sight of his future. Dean slapped his brother on the shoulder, encouragingly. "Happily Ever After," he repeated to himself. Dean smiled and looked around through his tear-filled eyes, grateful for his family.
“You’ve got a family of werewolves, some hunters from an apocalypse dimension, a reanimated tree girl and her warlock brother,” Each time dean added to the list he raised another finger “an ex angel, the queen of hell, a Nephilim nephew that had a small stint playing god, and freakin’ Death on your side of the church pew…" Dean smiled and licked his lips, "not to mention, a giant fairy as your best man...” Proud of his joke he waited to receive the laughter he deserved “...A
Dean sat bolt upright in his bed. His throat felt raw. A bright light shone at him from the two bedside lamps. What appeared to be arms wrapped tightly around him, pinning him in place. Castiel’s voice murmured in his ear over and over but Dean was unable to make sense of the words he repeated over the distant sound of somebody yelling. Dean's body was wet with sweat, his hair and the blanket clung to his clammy skin and he wondered distantly if he had actually managed to piss himself in his sleep.
"Sure, yeah." Deanna nodded, "I kind of feel like I'm on a roll now though and I feel like if we don't do this now I might chicken out" she admitted, her voice high as if playing off her nervousness as a joke. Sam searched her sister's face for a brief pause and slapped her hands against her thighs.
“You’re double-parked”. Dean commented. Keven’s eyes were glassy as he brought them up to Dean’s questioningly. Dean glanced emphatically between both drinks. He was feeling the alcohol but had built up a tolerance over the years and clearly... Kevin had not.
"Thanks, Dean.” she began, her voice was hesitant, "Sooooo…” She drew out the vowel, “You wanna talk about Castiel?" Dean cleared his throat.
“Have you prayed to Jack?” The question took Dean off guard, the third and final of the darts for his round hit the wall a few inches off the board and bounced onto the floor at Sam's feet.
“I mean, sure, but so did the key and so far you seem fine”. Deanna pulled open the Impala door and was immediately hit by the cold wind.
The two were silent as Cas drove on. Dean’s thoughts were of Cas as they sat there silently in the front seat. Dean felt safe again for the first time in months; relaxed, deeply calm, and he knew that it was simply Castiel's presence that he had to thank for that. He wanted to elaborate, to bring up the prayer he had so carelessly yelled at Castiel earlier, let him know that
“Oh, he’s as cool as ever.” Dean grinned. “Yeah, working with Rowena to try to bring me back.” He nodded. Cas’s smile quivered slightly. “You think he could maybe get a line to Jess. You remember we talked about her before... his ex from Stanford?” Dean asked.
“You mean yesterdays.” Castiel corrected, then shook his head once, “Not the point. If…” He paused, his eyes narrowing as he tried to choose his words carefully. “Would you prefer if I had a female vessel when we return to earth?” Dean’s eyes widened and his stomach lurched, he stared at his legs, that same bitter taste on his tongue returning from his dream. “Dean?” Cas hummed from beside him and placed his hand gently on Dean’s shoulder. Dean swallowed the bile in his throat and scrunched up his face, turning to look at Castiel with a look of pure disgust.
The first few chapters are p bad but I guess I was really just trying to get the set up out of the way?
“What? No. It’s just--” He sighed. He stared at the back of his seat. It was the only thing between them, a notion that both pleased and irritated Dean. His eyes focused on the stitching in the leather as he considered his next words. He wanted to ask Cas how he was; how he truly felt. He wanted desperately to know if he was okay. He wanted to know if Cas felt the weight of their silence the way that Dean did. Dean swallowed some more beer, trying to pull together every ounce of courage he could muster when a thought reoccurred to him. He furrowed his brow and looked back at Castiel. “What about you? Do you have some angelic castle that you’ve been living in when you’re up here?” Cas’s eyes met Dean’s. He opened his mouth for a moment before closing it again.
"Honestly, it was a pretty quiet night," Sam said nodding at Cas in the mirror. "Neither of us are as young as we used to be so we just had a couple of beers and ended up talking about old cases."
“Yeah... Kinda creepy... but it's impressive.” His voice was high, his enthusiasm evidently counterfeit. Castiel studied Dean.
I was being a dick, even though it's really none of your business. We’re good.” Dean slapped Penny on the shoulder and trudged toward the door of Jack’s room.
As promised, Dean made his way back to the kitchen where he washed up from breakfast, feeding Miracle the scraps he couldn’t bring himself to stomach earlier. He was starting to relax a little. At this rate, he wouldn’t even notice when the doomed hour rolled by. He figured he just had to keep busy, and he had the perfect job for it. It had been months since all of the crap in the back of the impala got a deep clean, and with Chuck out of the way and nobody's life being in any imminent danger, now was the perfect time to drag out some elbow grease and give all of their guns and knives a nice spit-shine. And so, Dean got to work, bringing all of the weapons from the boot of the impala, into the weapons room.
“You gotta pay to get in?” she hissed under her breath causing the desk lady's smile to waver. Sam huffed at her sister and pulled her wallet from her pocket. “Wait, no. I got it.” Deanna said fumbling to get thirty dollars from her own wallet. She eyed the woman as she reluctantly handed over the cash. The lady pulled out a stamp and stamped one of their wrists each, atop their matching second pentacle of Saturn tattoos. The two Winchester's headed up the stairs.
face for a brief moment, a gentle smile on his lips, those piercing blue eyes… those eyes brimming with tears… his smile wavering as he knowingly sacrificed his life for Dean yet again... trying desperately to remain brave.
"Wait, Dean", Castiel's voice spoke with urgency from behind him. Dean turned slowly, his brows raised.
“I don’t know. I’ve died since then and managed to get a golden ticket... I guess I was just kind of wondering when the scales wouldn’t balance in my favor anymore. And uhh-- with everything...” Dean trained his eyes at the door in front of them, “I know that Hester chick said I “
"I-- Ugh, okay. I maybe was testing the waters a bit but… I was right though, right?" Dean closed his eyes and sniffed. He didn’t know what to say.
He scoffed, catching himself. He missed his family. Somewhere along the way that became what it was all about for him, keeping everyone safe, and he had failed. He didn't deserve to be happy. He was crying again, his jaw set as he desperately tried to force the noise in. It seemed the angrier he got the harder it became to keep the tears at bay. He knew he was being stupid and feeling sorry for himself. He could just imagine what his dad would make of him now. Together, it seemed, he and Sam had finally taken every single demon off the board. They'd finally created a world where nobody else needed to go through what their family went through and here he was, throwing a tantrum. He shook his head clear, took a deep breath in, and cleared his throat. He should have known better. There was no way this would work. Jack had made it clear he didn't want to be a part of their lives anymore. He was God now for christ's sake. What was Dean thinking would happen? Jack would just appear right in front of him, tell him he forgives him for making it so damn hard for Him since Mary's accident, and then ask if they could get a pizza delivered? Did he honestly believe the two of them would go back to the bunker, Jack would disappear to the bathroom only to return with Cas, and the three of them would spend the rest of their days growing old and skipping off into sunsets? Dean made his way over to the remnants of the spell and started to pack it all up into his arms. His feet felt heavy as he mentally prepared to throw the empty, useless contents into the boot of the Impala.
“I’m not like other girls,” Sam said, pitching her voice lower to match her sisters. She giggled, pleased with herself causing Deanna to join in, rolling her eyes.
. He then placed his now slightly shaking hand lightly upon Jack's shoulder and nudged him gently awake. He cleared his throat, “Hey little man, it's time to get up”. Jack squinted up at Dean, his nose scrunched in confusion at the man above him for a moment before breaking into a yawn. Dean’s chest squeezed at the miniature, yet unmistakably, Cas-like facial expression. Castiel smiled and took a seat at the end of Jack's bed.
“It’s more believable this way,” Cas replied, his voice barely a whisper. Dean nodded, he scanned the impala without seeing as he took in the words then placed his beer down and clapped his hands, rubbing them together.
"Alright, you girls have fun!" He called back, shaking his head as he trudged off down the sidewalk. Deanna inhaled deeply feeling the tension in the air immediately rise in the man's absence. She turned to her sister.
"If it's any consolation, it'll feel like no time before Sam arrives". Dean angled his head backward to look up at Cas.
“I’m an idiot, alright. We already know this." He swallowed hard, leaning in closer to the angel, grinning with newfound excitement, "Cas-- I-- ,” He flustered, then he grabbed Cas’s face in both his hands and planted an overexaggerated kiss on his lips. He drew back beaming, “What do you say, after tomorrow's
“Just don’t--” Dean closed his eyes for a moment, before looking up at his brother again, albeit sternly this time. “Don’t take it for granted”. Dean trained his eyes to his glass, inhaled, and threw his drink back.
“Technically we’re not, seeing as you’ve never been so kind as to ask me out on a date.” Dean’s brows shot up.
To Penemue, however, Dean simply looked as if he were being impatient again. Penny looked Dean up and down, his upper lip twitching with rage. “Castiel is
"Thanks" Jack grinned. "You're mom and dad live together... just down the road from your brother Adam." He stated. Dean's heart grew warm. Jack was enjoying making the smile on Dean's face grow with each bit of new information he shared. "And Bobby and Ellen live together down the road from… Rufus?... and they all say "Hi" and say…" Jack looked off to the side trying to remember. "They "don't want to see you anytime soon but when you do bite it they'll have a bottle of the expensive stuff waiting at the roadhouse for you"". Jack nodded, happy with himself.
“Well... I let him fuck me in the ass, for starters.” He grinned, finally happy to be the one in control of the conversation. Penny’s face softened from that of pure anger to the slightest, most minuscule raise of his eyebrows. Dean swallowed. He was glad he could steer things away from talks of feelings, and vulnerability, all that junk, plus he just really liked the feeling of seeing Penemue's shocked face. Penny’s mouth slackened as he searched Dean’s face as if trying to decide if he was joking or not. “So, you get it now? Are we good here or...?” Dean glanced at the door.
the queer outta me”. Dean narrowed his eyes across the table. Mary licked at her lips, her smile grew solemnly before she turned toward John, her eyes full of concern.
“I need you to tell me that it's okay”, He implored, using what felt like the very last words he would be able to muster.
"It's about Dad'', Deanna began, her eyes searched Sam's. Sam shrugged nonchalantly, implying for her to continue. D sighed, heat spread through her chest as she tried to keep her composure, her heart, which had been beating rapidly all evening, was reaching new extremes as she opened and closed her mouth in a desperate attempt at willing herself to speak. She glanced over at the stranger in the room silently imploring him to give her and her sister some much-needed space but unfortunately Jesse simply stared at them, looking frustratingly more emotionally invested in what D could possibly have to say than Sam was. "Okay..." Deanna widened her eyes. She took a deep breath in and swallowed before letting a large breath out and shrugging. "Dad's dead." She clasped her hands together in her lap and pulled her lips into a thin line. Deanna glanced up at Jesse. "Now, do you wanna give us a moment?"
him. Not like a brother, not like the overused vague “Family” type of love that they often spoke of, but
“We’re already running late,” his voice rose, “and this damn parking situation would be the death of me if I wasn’t already dead!” He slapped his hand down on the horn again, while someone dressed in a rainbow flag cape gave them a haphazard wave as they jogged awkwardly in front of the car. “Come on!” he yelled at them, throwing his hands up.
"We're getting married," Charlie declared in a somewhat embarrassed tone. Dean's eyes darted up from his plate to find a ring on her finger that he'd missed earlier.
"Pen, uh--" Dean cleared his throat, "a word outside?" He asked and gestured to the door with a jerk of his head. Penny slowly placed the last remaining tub down and looked hesitantly over to where Cas sat on the edge of the bed.
Dean replayed the dream over and over, trying desperately to commit every detail to memory. He dissected every bit of information that he could remember, beginning at the start. He remembered the way he felt; calm for a moment, then suddenly an uneasy sense of familiarity as he noted it wasn't the first time he'd been visited by Jack. He remembered the recognizable feeling in his stomach as soon as he saw the rod in his hands. Now awake, he still couldn't seem to fully recall those other dreams. The memories seemed so close, in the back of his mind, hidden just out of reach. Had Jack taken those memories from him? If so why? It made no sense. Jack had seemed to confirm that he had visited him when he asked if he could remember the dreams… If they had spoken in his sleep before, then why couldn’t he remember.
“She's not peeing. She just left to go hit on Jo.” Dean looked back at Cas, watching his face change as he came to an understanding.
"Yeah… No… I just drove about an hour north and ended up in some small town then drove straight back here and
John smiled hesitantly, before enveloping Dean in his arms giving him two quick taps on the back. Dean couldn’t bring himself to speak. He wasn’t quite sure exactly what he could say.
“You can’t be serious?” His brows twitched, fluctuating between amusement and concern as he saw the tray, four shots and two pots of beer between them.
He didn’t notice Castiel enter the kitchen until he felt the angel's arms wrap around his waist and his chin rest on his shoulder.
“You-- You're gay?” Penny’s brain seemed to be working in slow motion. Dean turned back toward the angel.
“So, Dean.” John’s deep voice commanded, “What have you been up to since we last saw you? Getting into all sorts of trouble, I’d bet.” His voice was gentle but his eyes stared at Dean with a hardness behind them.
Sam waited, the door ajar, until he could no longer hear the voices reverbing down the corridor. He gave his handiwork another once over before deciding he was satisfied that he had done everything possible for Castiel’s recovery. The rest was up to the angel himself... he would need to heal from the inside. Sam took the remnants of the bottle of whiskey and made his way down the hall to where his brother sat, alcohol audibly swishing in the bottle as he walked. He groaned a little as he sat down beside his brother and handed him the bottle.
It was too much to accept right now, “I’m not... becoming Death, Jack. No-- I-- I died. This is where I belong”.
“I don’t mean to diminish what I had said back then, but you were correct when you said that it wasn’t fair of me to say that to you. I had fully intended for those to be the last words I would ever speak. I’m more than happy for things to go back to the way they have always been between us”. Dean’s mouth opened slightly as he attempted to make sense of Cas’s words. The alarm beeped from behind him to signal that the coffee was ready and Dean took that as an excuse to turn away from the angel, his demeanor breaking, his heart plummeted.
” He grinned wildly at the angel before nodding to himself and marching back toward the door marked with the number 22.
He had frequented truck stops and dive bars mostly. Sometimes, when money was particularly tight, he’d pick up intel from a local; find that area's rest stops, parks, lookouts, alleyways, wherever the town’s lonely closeted gay men visited, that’s where he learned that the money would be. It was fast cash, John would leave for months at a time, sparing a Ben Franklin or two from the home and life insurance payout and expecting it’d last until he returned. Of course, it barely covered the price of a motel for two weeks. John didn’t take too kindly to being asked for more money, It seemed he'd assumed that seeing as Dean was old enough, he should be applying for after school jobs. Obviously, John didn't know that Dean had dropped out by then, and it's not like anyone would take a highschool dropout who was never in one place long enough to even add any job to his resume anyway. He’d tried taking what he needed with a five-finger discount, and that sure as hell didn’t pan out. So, say John was out on a hunt, Sammy fast asleep, Dean did what he could to afford a bottle of Jack (to numb his self-loathing), a meal each for him and Sam, and keep a roof over their heads, all the while terrified that his dad would find out. Dean remembered the way he'd spoken too much to his dad about his time at Sonny's, about some of the friends he'd made while there, the way John made all sorts of implied cracks about what boys do at boy’s homes... until Dean reminded him that the night his dad finally came to collect Dean, he had been about to take a girl to the school dance.
“You prefer to know? I know.” Dean squeezed Cas’s hand. Dean had always been willing to tell Cas more about himself than anyone else he’d ever known, more than he’d ever even told Sam if he was being honest with himself, and it wasn’t like it was only for his own benefit. Dean knew that Cas, a being of infinite knowledge, seemed to grow incredibly irritated by being kept in the dark... about
"Hey, no worries, man. I'm just glad you're here now", Sam stated earnestly and flashing him a small smile.
"Ugh," Dean feigned disgust, "The Bobby Singer I know would be out cold by now. What is it five pm?" He placed his now empty bottle on the table beside him.
"I heard you over at my house at four am, praying to Jack. I let it go because I... I figured we both needed some time to adjust, but seriously man, it's been months! You have to accept that this is what our lives are gonna be from now on". A tear rolled down Dean's cheek and he immediately swatted it away, gritting his teeth together. "I miss them too" Sam's voice was gentle again, filled with understanding... it did nothing to calm the rage in Dean. "Jack was family. Cas-". That was it. Dean grabbed the nearest thing he could find… a chair, and threw it at the wall, before falling to the ground, head in hands, sobbing in his own puke, the splintered remnants of the chair falling around him. He desperately wanted to tell Sam why he couldn't let go of the past. He wanted to explain the details of Castiel's death but nothing came out but deep strangled sobs and ragged gasping breaths. Sam stood there for a moment watching his brother unravel so unbelievably quickly and frowned. He hated that he'd let it get this bad. Sam and Dean were each other's responsibility. Sam had been so excited at the prospect of creating his own life that he had somehow convinced himself that Dean would eventually be okay... but seeing him like this, so completely broken, he'd realized how wrong he'd been; Dean wasn't going to get better, he was only getting worse.
"Damnit, Claire". He slowly opened his eyes and smiled, shaking his head at a distant memory and the irony. "A little notice," he said between dull chuckles.
“Michael?” Dean croaked confused, his voice hoarse from crying. The blonde man standing above Dean sucked on his teeth.
feeling, the one that he would often get on a hunt. Like, a sixth sense that would let him know that there was something else coming; like, he’d maybe missed one of the monsters that lurked in the shadows; like, there was something watching him. He tried to ignore it but the feeling was getting stronger the more crowded the area they were heading seemed to get. He knew that there was nothing that could actually be wrong in heaven though, and he reminded himself that he was
Sam; made his life a living hell, literally". Dean breathed. "And now you're telling me that he's the guy who's gonna be tucking you into bed at night when you die… and you're cool with that?"
“A dream, huh? What about?” He smirked suggestively. Cas squinted at him for a moment before replying.
"Sounds good. I'll be there. Nice use of emojis 🍔🥧🤡🥓🍺🎸👻🗡️". Dean pressed his thumb down on random emojis from his most recently used list, his head snapped toward the angel, as Castiel's laughter boomed through the bedroom. Cas was now shirtless and under the sheets, looking over Dean’s shoulder at his phone.
“Impressive.” he stated, “So, who exactly is on this council? Just so I know who to suck up to if I want a deluxe suite.” Cas pulled his lips tight.
“Okay will do.” He pulled his phone from his ear and brought his finger to the “END CALL” button when he heard Charlie speak again from the other end.
to keep going. So, I figured, one last time. Maybe I could go down swingin’, save Sammy in the process, then I could finally let myself take on the big sleep…” He sighed, “I guess it took it all finally ending for me to realize, I didn’t really
of messed up, choosing a male vessel, knowing what you do about yourself?” he shook his head looking the man up and down. Penemue inhaled sharply as if he had been slapped in the face. The room fell silent. Dean's heart sank. His anger had dissipated leaving him achingly empty again.
Dean pondered, as he bit at the corner of his cheek absentmindedly, and hoped that he hadn't cost Jack his favorite shrink.
“Me? I’m obviously already way ahead of you. Booze, babes, and pie, Sam. That's what I’m gonna do. A.S.A.P. and A. much A.P.” He grinned at his brother, his throat dry.
“It's fine, Cas. I-- Fuckin’ nightmare… in heaven” Dean sighed, opening his eyes. “You know I used to consider that one of the selling points for this place over Earth back in the day.” He shook his head then rested it against Cas’s shoulder. Castiel let out a single humorless chuckle.
“You know what? You changed me too, Cas, but not for the better. Huh hoh, no! You made me weak!” He pulled his clenched fist up to his chest, his hand shook with rage and fear. A rogue tear broke free from his eye, immediately Dean swatted it away.
Finally, though, the air became so thin that he determined it was unbearable and found himself gripping at Cas’s bare forearm and pulling the angel up against a random shop’s brick wall, which Dean now rested his back against, his eyes were wide and roamed around the crowd feverishly.
Dean stood back, giving him enough room to leave the table, followed Cas out of the war room, and into the hallway. Dean stopped short once he reached the wooden door marked with an 11, while Castiel continued walking until he came to a stop at room 15, turning back to face Dean. Dean clenched and unclenched his jaw as he watched the uncertainty spread over Cas’s face. Dean wanted to speak, to say anything at all but his mind suddenly drew a blank. His throat closed over with the intense and sudden memory of Castiel’s tear-streaked face as he was engulfed by the bubbling black goo of the Empty. He inhaled sharply and swung open his bedroom door before taking a hesitant step back, his eyes still on Castiel. Cas’s brows furrowed as he searched Dean's face. Dean swallowed in a desperate attempt at coating his dry throat. He studied Castiel’s face for any sign, of any clue to, what he could possibly be thinking, his nonexistent heart hammered loudly in his nonexistent chest. After what felt like an eternity, Cas walked up toward Dean and into room 11, flicking on the light. Dean let out a breath he didn't realize he had been holding and followed the angel into his room.
Angsty and short. (Although is it short if all of the chapters are short. maybe I just have high expectations of myself).
"What do you mean, you 'fixed' it". Dean was hesitant. He searched Jack's face. He knew Jack had a history of trying to help out and botching it. Despite the kid's good intentions, he had a knack for making a mess.
"How do you spell... enema," he asked. Cas' eyes narrowed incredulously and his mouth slowly parted before responding.
?” Dean licked his lips and placed the wooden spoon on the side of the stove, a smile growing from the corner of his lips as he turned back toward Cas.
“Cas?” Balthazar stuck his head around the corner of the door. Castiel slowly and gingerly pulled himself into a sitting position before clearing his throat.
“Azrael, How are you this morning?” Castiel asked as Azrael handed a much cleaner and much neater piece of paper to Dean than the one he had received from Sam just the night before. Dean didn’t hear their reply as the voices in the room faded away while he concentrated on Sam’s handwriting.
“How do you know it wasn’t about helping them, so much as it was about pissing you off”. Balthazar smiled, garishly. Cas rolled his eyes, then paused for a moment, before remembering his last thoughts in the Empty. He slowly lowered his brows, deciding to voice his query.
“I fucking hate you, so damn much,” Dean whispered as he rested his forehead against the cool metal barrier, sobs ripped through him. His breathing spluttered as he no longer tried to hold himself together.
Rebecca (The Child/God Psychologist/Angel) sat in her usual place in the corner. It irked Dean that she didn’t seem to want to engage in conversation. He’d entered the room with a usual polite, “Good Morning, how have you been?” and rather than ask it back the angel simply answered “Well. Thank you.” Dean then pushed further by asking “What have you been up to since yesterday?” to which she replied a short “Nothing much”.
of having feelings and emotions like that. Love seemed too finite and far below such immeasurable beings. Now, standing there staring blankly at the ever cooling dark liquid before him, Dean realized he was too late to his revelation, before he could even comprehend Cas’s true meaning, the words were snatched back from him, leaving him breathless and alone.
“I uh--” She cleared her throat again “I managed to light the flare dad had in his hand. Scared ‘em off long enough for me to run away.” her voice wavered. “God, I--” she hung her head as her eyes began to leak. “I don’t even know if he was dead when I left, Sam.” she sniffed. “It was horrible,” she sucked in a ragged breath.
“Seriously, man? I clearly didn’t know that you’d been benched. I was pissed.” he shrugged, grinning, “I thought you were dodging my calls”. Cas regarded Dean, sharply, as Dean extended his legs under the table, a leg on either side of Cas’s, a familiar touch, a comfort that neither had been able to afford in a long time.
Cas’s vision seemed to fade out at the edges. He was unsure if he would be able to attempt to fight any longer. He was no match for Lucifer here, all alone, in the empty. He wondered, if he died in the empty, what would become of him? Perhaps he would simply continue to feed the empty, unable to wake ever again, his most horrible thoughts plaguing his dreams. He hoped that maybe he would now sleep; a dreamless eternal rest, and found solace at the concept. At least he wouldn’t be stuck here reliving his worst moments; his deepest regrets, over and over again. Perhaps he would finally be at peace. A bright stream of light exploded in front of Castiel as he fell back down into the darkness, his eyes fluttering closed.
"I heard this was all you… now you say you have no idea about any of this?” Gabriel squinted at him.
“You guys really are codependent, huh?” He voiced as he flashed his brows up, his growing frustration had clearly reached its boiling point. “Too bad that brotherly love didn’t extend to half brothers…” Dean clenched his jaw and brought his gaze to his feet. His guilt and anger swirled violently in his stomach. “You guys really just used Michael--” Dean groaned, interrupting, throwing his hands up and rolling his eyes in annoyance.
“I’ll go with the machete.” He said, as he playfully ripped the knife from his brother's hands. Sam didn’t need to know about the pocketed ninja star, besides, Dean decided, it’d be awesome if the last thing he ever did was dyingly throw a ninja star at his brother's feet.
thing… not to mention the ominous as fuck message carved in--” she lowered her head and spluttered as she burst into tears again. Deanna was immediately at her side holding her in her arms.
“See,” John began sitting back up straight in his chair. “I told you he’s not a fairy. No son of mine, well, maybe he used to be a bit soft as a kid,” John amended, “but he grew out of that like all children do, right boy?” John gave Dean a curt nod and Dean stared at the white wooden table. He didn’t reply. “The angel, maybe.
“Ahahahah. Okay, very funny. You win. I just... I...” Dean’s smile fell as he turned back toward the door. “My point.
thing going for you?" Dean asked, wiping his hands on his jeans. Adam seemed in a daze at this new information.
... is ludicrous.” Dean nodded overenthusiastically and widened his eyes in an attempt at communicating what ran through his head.
“It was… I think it was the future. Sam, Eileen, Claire, we were all--” he let out a burst of air in an exasperated laugh, “playing Pictionary.” Castiel’s head twitched to the side and he smiled broadly.
“I will.” He replied pulling back, then gently shook his head, scoffed, and took another deep breath in. “I don’t think I'm exactly gonna fit in. I don't even know what the hell I’m supposed to wear, but I’ll go.” He laughed and turned back toward the food as Cas lowered his arms.
He decided, squinting at himself in the mirror. What were the chances anyway? He'd been praying to Jack every single night for the last five months. He knew this was a long shot. He only needed to prepare for what he'd do when this doesn't work, not what he'd do if it did.
Before long, Dean arrived at his location. He'd been there five months ago but it felt like those months had simply been an endless dream. He half expected to see Chuck still lying there, pathetically writhing in the dust, calling out for their mercy, or to find his rotting corpse curled into a ball and shriveled up like a worm on the sidewalk. Yet, when he pulled into the area where the trees broke, there was not a person in sight. The cyprus swayed in the wind and the water glistened in the lake beside the clearing. Dean couldn't help but feel like he was being watched as he pulled the ingredients out of the trunk and scanned around again for anything at all out of the ordinary. He almost smiled as he considered that maybe this was all a big set up. It'd be just his luck if, on the day that he finally compiled everything he needed for the spell, a demon just sprang up out of nowhere and took him out. He tried to ignore the feeling of eyes on him as he worked and chalked it up to nerves. He set down the large bowl and poured in the blood-stained dirt he'd received the day before. The incantation was the hardest part to find. After weeks of tearing through the bunker, Dean had found he needed to rifle for the forgotten scrap of paper at the bottom of Sam's old duffle while he was asleep the morning Dean had slept over on his brother's couch. He added the vial of angel grace and a few other bits and pieces he remembered from last time before saying the words, taking in one last breath, and lighting the bowl on fire. A stream of excruciatingly bright blue light shot up from the bowl and into the sky. Dean shielded his eyes but as soon as the light started it had disappeared again.
"Directly into my mouth," Dean stated grinning at her and tousling her hair. Sam, already deep in conversation with Donna, moved away from the bench and absentmindedly gestured for Charlie to place the dish on the already very loaded tabletop. Dean took a moment to survey the faces of everyone coming and going from the room. The hugging and smiling alone reassured him that he was doing the right thing by having a large get together for Easter this year. He took a swig of beer through his smiling lips and nodded in a daze. The bunker hadn't been filled with so many people in years and even though it was bittersweet at the time the memory of rescuing all those people from the apocalypse world seemed like a whole other lifetime ago.
“Let him go? Hmm… I could do that… Is that truly what you want, though? You know the way he feels about you, yes? The way that he, even now, is screaming inside me.” Alistair tapped John's finger to his temple before continuing, “He's
“That wasn’t intended as a sexual innuendo, however, yes, the council is somewhat laxer regarding their rules on interdimensional “fraternizing”.” He air quoted, “For example, all Nephilim are to be monitored, rather than slew from now on... for obvious reasons.”
"Fine," she groaned and placed her hand upon the side of Jesse's face, leaning her head towards his and pecking him on the lips. Deanna placed her phone back into her jacket.
“No, I get it” Sam cut her off. She pulled the corners of her lips down and raised her eyebrows, shrugging to herself, she unclipped the button and turned to the first page.
“Uhh, maybe Winchester?” The two went back and forward a few times until Dean proposed “Mary” and the man led him through the first room and out onto a back patio.
“It’s better this way. Trust me. If I die in some heroic bid to save him, he’ll never accept it.” Dean explained, straightening himself up, “He’ll try bring me back and he won’t care what price he has to pay to do it. Then I’ll have to start the whole damned thing back at square one. If I die on a D-list hunt like Chuck planned for him, then, sure he’ll be sad for a while, but knowing Sam, he’ll move on eventually. He’s a big boy, strong... and never wanted to be part of this crap anyway”. Adam shook his head; his rage had evidently returned as he listened to Dean’s justification.
. It takes some time and some convincing words that Dean barely realized he’d managed to get out but eventually Sam started to accept the finality of the situation.
Each time he thought of Cas he felt like he would puke. His whole body ached like he was being internally crushed by one huge stone. Nights were the worst. The dark, quiet of his room felt as if it was smothering him as he lay there each night tossing and turning, hoping sleep would eventually find him. His own mind tormented him, replaying his last moments with Cas over and over. He tried to push the memory away and think of something, anything else, and yet nothing seemed to be able to keep his attention long enough. Happier times with Cas, memories of his smile, his laughter, the fond disapproving looks he often gave Dean, these memories satiated him for a time, but his mind would always rip a hole in his more pleasant thoughts, forcing him to once again agonize over the image of Cas’s tear-soaked face as he smiled his way toward his resolution. Dean had found himself drinking more and more every night, relying on an inherited knowledge that he had learned far too early, unfairly early, in his life; that alcohol could act as a barrier between him and the things he couldn’t handle, it could guard him against any pain... If he only drank enough.
"Right, well, I’ll pass that along", he cleared his throat, a little of the hostility from he had earlier had dissipated at the moment of the unexpected familial touch, “Dean, I know it's not really my place but I have to ask, don’t you think that maybe you should... tell Sam”. Dean raised his brows in a mix of shock and annoyance. “I mean, you have the opportunity to say a proper goodbye to him. Let him know that it was your choice to die; tell him you’ve made peace with it”. Adam shrugged.  Dean stared at the wall beside where Adam stood, at the place where the blackness had oozed from, before reaffirming his decision.
“I dreamt that I was a cook at a restaurant. I had a vast selection of fresh fruits and vegetables to choose from along with various herbs and spices. I knew exactly what flavors worked well together and people came from far and wide to taste my meals.” He smiled to himself, his eyes distant as he recalled his memory. “It was incredible”. Dean’s stomach squeezed. He swallowed hard and subconsciously licked at his lips, then inhaled sharply and pat Cas on his bare shoulder.
"Something along the lines of "Hi, I'm not trapped in a prison of my happy memories for all eternity? I get to walk and talk and be... kind of... alive…" ...or something." Cas nodded slowly, uncertain.
"Hey, you don't like it, you don't have it." Dean replied "More for me." he added, sliding across the bench to where Sam stood to snatch up his brother's drink as he placed it down.
“I slept very well,” Cas finally answered as he ran a hand through Dean’s hair. “Very, very, very well”. He clarified as he placed his other hand on Dean’s chest, his thumb rubbing against his bare skin. Dean beamed up at him, shivering at the feeling of Cas’s hands on him.
“Cas, are we doing it today?” He whispered, innocently, childishly loud. Dean put the mug down by his feet, while he and Cas stared at one another in confusion.
“You tried to help protect Sam and Dean from me, you must not resent them as much as you like to pretend”. He noted. Balthazar sat on the edge of Cas’s bed slowly, trying not to move him.
“I already gave you attention earlier, didn’t I?” Dean asked, pointing at her and narrowing his eyes.
On this particular night, Sam had just informed Dean that it had been one whole month, Earth time, since Dean had died.
Now, Dean sat on the sand, socks, and boots off, wearing a fluffy pink cowboy hat that he didn't exactly remember how he acquired and was slowly, contently, chomping on a hotdog. The only light came from the parking lot behind them and the white glow of the huge full moon reflecting off the ocean. Cas sat beside Dean, so close he was practically on his lap, grinning ear to ear, and staring down at his burger. While their new friend, "Steve Phoenix" (a drag queen in impossibly tall stripper heels) towered over them both. Her heels sank into the sand as she hobbled over toward them.
“What?” Dean asked at Castiel's lack of response. Cas repositioned his hands against the steering wheel, sighing deeply. “Cas, What is it?” Dean questioned again, his voice gruff and now full of worry. Castiel flicked the indicator and pulled the Impala off to the side of the road. He leaned his head against the steering wheel for a moment, collecting himself, before turning in his seat to face Dean.
“Hey, come on Dean.” Castiel’s voice was slightly higher, “Cas only learned that from us!” he said as he moved the fire truck around on the ground as if it were speaking.
“That what this is?” Dean plonked the knife down and scratched at his mouth, before grabbing at the bottle again and taking another gulp on the burning liquid. Dean watched as Cas huffed out a laugh and took a Tupperware container out of the drawer, he then proceeded to use his hand to brush the vegetable off the chopping board and into the plastic container. Castiel waited until he was turned away from Dean, and walking toward the fridge, to speak again.
“Yeah. How about I pull over at the next rest stop and you can smoke it then?” She shook her head again, “I can’t believe little Sammy smokes
“You’re Death?” Dean asked, squinting and shifting his weight on his feet. Now more confused than anything.
"Hello Sam, this is Jack," He piped pleasantly as if there had been as little as a day since they'd last talked and he was merely calling to catch up. Dean smiled and shook his head as his hands gripped the wheel tighter as if the tension in his hands could somehow make the car go faster.
“You find those boys and you get them someplace safe, alright” Dean put on his best authoritative face.
“Do you truly believe that I make you weak?” He asked. Dean swallowed, his chest ached. His shoulders slumped.
“No, no, no, no, no. Don’t-- Don’t-- Don’t move me. Don't move me”, Dean pleaded, Rowena’s voice echoed in his head, reminding him that if he were to, by some miracle, leave that barn alive, Sam would die. Dean knew that this was his true end. He knew he had some important things to say and struggled to focus at the best of times, death's door was no exception. He felt like he was suddenly drowning an ocean of thoughts, being thrown around, knocked about, by huge waves of pain. He felt trapped, tumbling, underwater. Everything seemed rippled and distant. He couldn’t feel his feet, he couldn’t really feel anything, but the endless waves of hot pain.
“What are we gonna do?” Sam asked. A tear ran down her eye and over her nose where it dripped onto the pillow. Deanna closed her eyes, gathering herself before opening them again.
he’d roared. Sam recollected how the Pastor calmly, yet awkwardly tried to explain that Cas had confused his verses, Matthew 22:30 wasn't about homosexuality, and that they were all for marriage equality and
“I know you’re there!” His eyes searched for further movement, “Show yourself! I’ve got-- uh… a gun!” Dean rolled his eyes at himself.
“Yeah. Sure, like the Stonecutters, D.” She huffed. Deanna raised her hand, beckoning for Sam to toss her the wooden box. Deanna caught it one-handed and turned it over, examining it. She fingered the side and hinged it open while Sam delved back into Henry’s box.
“Just heal, li’l bro, I promise we’ll fill you in on all of the chaos as soon as you’re ready. For now though--” Gabriel began.
” Alistair presented his hand with a twist of his body, gesturing behind him to the six-pointed star where a small blonde girl had been splayed out, nailed by her hands and feet to four of the star's points. Her head wore a crown of barbed wire, tieing her to the topmost point. Her mouth had been sewn together crudely with thick black, blood-soaked cotton.
After they stopped and Deanna let Sam smoke one of her own potent sleep-inducing joints, Sam fell asleep in the passenger seat. Deanna stopped at a drive-through to get a triple red-eye and continued on out of California and through Arizona stopping briefly in Albuquerque, parking the side of the road for an hour-long power nap and another gas station meal. She then continued driving on through to Texas finally stopping at their destination in Lawrence. Sam, dead to the world the entire twenty-seven-hour drive, gasped ragged breaths occasionally, reminding Deanna that she would no longer have to make these kinds of trips alone.
” Cas amended, “I have sat through enough romance movies to know that you should never change your appearance for love. It never really turns out all that well.” Cas seemed to think on this for a moment, “Except for in Grease but that film also makes the exact opposite point too... Perhaps it's the misogyny?” He questioned, “I suppose I shouldn’t take heed from a film that ends with a flying car with zero context”. Dean couldn’t help but smirk at this.
“Oh, I get it. I get it more than you know… I’m sorry, Adam, I am, but honestly, I’d do it again.” Dean grinned, his eyes wide with anger, “It was the whole freakin’ world, versus you and Michael, and I’m sorry for your loss... but it seems to me like you could have been a lot worse off if it weren’t for us! Because of what
“What even is that?” Sam asked, his brows pulled together as he tried to angle himself to see the packet, glancing between his brother and the side view mirrors.
Dean opened the back door and bowed grandly, bottles clinking, gesturing for Castiel to get in. He looked curiously back at Dean before climbing inside. Dean got into the driver's seat of the car and lay his back against the door, placing a bottle down on the floor by the pedals. He raised his legs in front of him, his feet on the passenger seat. His vision spun. Castiel, after a moment of uncertainty, copied Dean's position, facing toward him from the back seat.
“Yeah, good. Really good, actually. What about you? Did you manage to get some Z’s?” Dean asked, hesitantly, while Castiel continued to search his face.
“Uhh, I hope not” She froze then brought her gaze back down to the box and pulled out a large old key. “Great. Now we just gotta find whatever it is that this thing opens”.
“You're a goddamn coward Cas, you know that?!” He barely managed to croak, as he let himself slowly slump onto his knees. He gripped at the lowest bar on the railing and closed his eyes tight.
"Castiel, you're looking well," Michael replied. Dean scoffed out a laugh. The four of them turned to look at Dean who lowered his head in embarrassment.
“Yes. I’m sober. I didn’t want to say anything earlier, but I really would have needed at least fifty-four bottles to catch up to you and Charlie”. Dean chuckled.
“Yeah, uh, just let me go grab some clothes from Baby.” She said, bouncing herself upon the bed and into a standing position. Sam turned toward her older sister sharply.
“You in some sort of hurry to get away from us, son?” John’s voice was low, snapping Dean back to the present.
"So, we're coming into town." She began, "I figure we've got three options. We check into a motel, get some lunch, have a shower, brush our teeth, maybe I finish that joint?" She glanced at her sister. Sam was still squinting at the world around her as she woke. "Behind door number two, we take our chances at the YMCA, break out the shower shoes, see if we can scrounge up a free feed. Or choice C, there should be some wet wipes and deodorant in the back if you wanna take a whores bath and we see if we can't find some diner on the way." Sam stretched, and grabbed at her neck, rolling it around in a circle.
When Dean woke at 8:00 am to his ringing alarm, a wave of peace fell over him. He felt refreshed and calm, happy even, he noted, as he groaned and stretched out the remainder of his sleep from his mind. Miracle bounced his way up onto Dean's bed and he focused on the softness of the dog's fur, he breathed it in, keeping his mind on nothing but the sensation, pulling Miracle close to his chest. “Hey, Buddy,” he said, feeling a warmth spread through him. “Good morning”. He swayed his body side to side, rhythmically, and planted his head against his dogs, feeling the subtle wetness of Miracle's nose near his ear. He tried to hold onto the feeling of peace but could feel it fade as he remembered the visit he had in his dream last night. As his mind wandered out of the present, his grip around Miracle loosened, the dog took that as his queue to jump from Dean's arms onto the concrete floor. Dean faltered. He stared at the dog. The dog stared back up at him, panting, waiting.
“What’s wrong?” Cas questioned, frustratingly immediately. Dean sniffed and placed his drink down in front of him, dragging his eyes up to meet the angel's blue ones.
After taking the three left turns in a row to get back to his corner of heaven Dean typed the address for “Heavenly Burgers” into the GPS app in his phone. He drove the opposite direction from where he explored the other day and quickly found himself in the middle of a large town. The town was full of women in poodle skirts and men in three-piece suits. Dean figured this must be where Grandpa Winchester had ended up, a 50s era town, full of charming Americana businesses and sprinkled with awesome muscle cars.
Dean sat watching Castiel's bare chest rise and fall. Sam had cleaned the wounds and dressed them so Cas now looked as if his torso was 60% cotton dressing. Sam also seemed to have cleaned off all of the black goo that had oozed from Cas' face. While sitting mere feet from the angel, Dean tried to mentally prepare for what he would say to him when he woke. His mind raced as he tried to grasp anything of use. He decided that the events of the day mixed with the whiskey he'd just downed had left him unable to come up with anything of value.
“So what will it be kiddo? Option A: Commit patricide against the man who despises you to your very core. Or option B: Filicide against the child who already tried, and failed, to commit patricide
Dean drove around heaven, after receiving the lowdown from Bobby, exploring oddly familiar roads with Sam on his mind. He wondered what Sam would be up to now that he no longer had his older brother around; now that he had no real reason to stick to the family business. Now that he had no family. Dean imagined Sam alone, having to be the one to take Dean’s lifeless, punctured corpse down from where it stuck, impaled before rigor mortise set in. He pictured Sam taking his body to his car, having to retrieve his keys from where they sat in his jacket pocket, and climbing into the front seat. Sam would have to call the police and he would need to release Dean’s body to them along with the bodies of the pile of vampires. Sam would have to wait around and let the police take his statement, and wait around again until they ensured it checked out against the two kids' stories. Dean imagined when Sam was finally able to claim his corpse back, that it would be hard, and heavy, and would have started to smell. He pictured Sam, by himself, having to source, and cut, and collect enough wood for a pyre for Dean. He imagined Sam standing alone watching his older brother's body in flames, inhaling the stench of his singed hair and burning flesh, with nobody but his dead brother's dog to keep him company.
“Anti satan seeing tranquility meds,” Dean replied, fishing his flask out of his jacket pocket and washing down the tablet. Sam’s lips formed a thin line as he took off onto the road, his eyes fixed out of the windshield.
Dean sat staring blankly at his laptop. He knew it was only a matter of time before Sam joined him in the library to look for news; for a case. So, when he had finally pulled himself together, he had absentmindedly walked to his room, retrieved his laptop, and made his way to the library. His laptop was nothing more than a prop as he sat there, frozen, his mind reliving every second of his dream from that night...
“Very well... If you're sure. I’ll help you.” she sighed, defeated. “As I said earlier, When a special soul like yours or your brothers is set to be reaped by fate, there’s no real stopping it. A soul like that, the power it holds.” Dean looked confused. “It’s rare to have a soul that’s been to heaven and hell so many times. Not to mention the durability it’s created on your soul to have it travel to different dimensions like you have? The scarring upon you boys’ souls has created a kind of callus upon them strengthening them. When Chuck sentenced Sam to die, he made a sort of highlight, if you will, on that day. The fates marked it, and if no soul is reaped in that barn on the specific day as intended…. well, it's not possible. They will find a way to ensure a soul that looks as large and scarred as yours or Sam's is reaped on that day”. Dean got it. He nodded slowly, full of newfound determination.
bond now that Michael was no longer crammed in his brother's vessel? Were the two of them walking around with the same face, and even if they could sort out whatever was going on between them… could angels even be together? Was it allowed? More importantly, Dean wondered, do angels have the capacity to feel emotions the same way that a human does?
“You don’t-- you didn’t know that for certain. I could have. I’ve killed. We both know I’ve killed more people than I can even count.” Castiel squinted in shock as his head cocked to the side.
“I have a son," He swallowed "Jack is my son. Sure, it's not the most conventional family" Dean smirked, "but Cas, Sam, and I, we raised that kid and I think we did a hell of a good job... all things considered.” Mary pulled her mouth into a sympathetic smile and brought her eyes to Dean’s. John shook his head.
“Yeah, but we may as well finish the episode, right? If I don’t make it all the way to the end, you can just kick me off”. Castiel felt himself explode from his memory’s vessel again and stood up, passing straight through Dean where he lay, and crouched on the floor in front of the sofa, facing the man, content to watch him as he watched the television. He was close enough to count the freckles on Dean's face. Close enough that if he were not merely a manifestation of his own subconscious doomed to wander like a ghost in his deepest regrets, he may just be able to run his thumb along the lines at the corners of Dean’s eyes; the tangible proof that the man that he loves had felt, at the very least, the barest amount of joy needed to have these very human markings of happiness eternally etched into his face. The Castiel frozen in time continued to stare unseeingly at the tv.
“Uh-uh-uh”. Lucifer brought the blade up to Cas’s chin, angling his head up to meet his red, glowing eyes. “You still have one wing left, Cassie boy”. Cas coughed, his grace leaked off from his mouth, choking him.
Sam weaved them through the crowd toward the bar where, once there, she told their table number to a small woman with red hair. After paying for the both of them, Samantha continued toward the door, Deanna followed along behind, occasionally stumbling as she tried to drink and walk at the same time. She shot the remaining beverage as she reached the door and smiled at the bouncer.
“Yeah, I’m not--” was all he could manage as he repeatedly let out huffs of air and scrunched his face up.
“Yup,” Dean responded and grabbed at the zucchini that sat waiting in the pile of vegetables beside the chopping board. He got to work, slicing and dicing trying to ignore the anxiety he felt, though distantly, thanks to heaven.
“Castiel!” Jack's voice was barely audible over the sounds of the battle raging all around him; the clanging of swords, the blood-curdling screams of death, the painful wailing.
"He's okay, Dean," Jack said, bringing the phone up to his ear. "I used what little juice I had left to heal his major wounds as soon as we arrived back on Earth". Dean couldn't help but press his foot down on the accelerator anyway as Sam's muffled voice seeped out of the phone.
"I imagine that they had a lot to drink last night," Cas stated, switching on the radio. An advertisement for a local storage facility exploded through the speakers.
“No point worrying about what could have been.” Dean quoted Castiel's words back to him. “Coffee?” he asked, pointing toward the door.
“I heard your prayer, Dean”. Castiel looked away, his face expressionless. Dean sat staring at Cas, watching him silently. He sighed, closing his eyes, before speaking.
“Well... good.” Dean nodded. “You alright, man? We can finish this conversation in the morning if you need some shut-eye?” Cas grinned sheepishly.
“Well, here ya go sugah.” Dean sing-songed, as he made Barbie!Kelly jump over to BeanieBaby!Jack, and put her hand on his.
“Yeah, I know. You just had to go and get yourself knocked up so we couldn’t afford the damn place.” John chuckled. Mary scoffed.
“Yeah, Okay”. He grunted sarcastically and shook his head, avoiding eye contact. “It’s not about you risking your life for me,
“Hey, kid.” Dean walked over to the desk and grabbed at the chair. He pulled it through the grass, ripping out the occasional wildflower as he brought it toward the bed and plonked himself down into the wooden seat. Dean blocked his nervous face from view by the coffee mug as he downed the remainder of the beverage, trying to wake himself the hell up so he could get his emotions under check. Jack wiggled himself free of the bedsheets and stumbled over toward Castiel, tapping him on the shoulder, then leaning in towards his ear and covering his own tiny mouth with a cupped hand.
"Sorry", Jack began. He looked exhausted. "I didn't realize how hard it would be… rescuing Cas" He clarified. Dean nodded. "When I heard your first prayer, I wasn't really sure what to do. God doesn't have any power in the Empty so I couldn't really "Make things right"" he explained, quoting Dean back to him. "I wanted to help, after everything with Mary…" He trailed off. Dean shook his head and was about to interject. "I visited her in heaven". He stated. Dean was taken off guard, his mouth physically agape. "She invited me in and made me breakfast." he smiled fondly. "I told her everything that had happened since she died and asked her if she would like to come back to Earth but she had said that she thought it was time she stayed there." Dean's heart plummeted but he tried to not be consumed by the rejection. Jack continued. "I needed to make amends for what I had done, though. So I fixed heaven," Jack said matter of factly.
Logically, Dean knew he had never told Jack such a thing, so the only way that made a lick of sense was if he’d told him in the future. So, they’d been through this before. Jack did make that abundantly clear, Dean realized. Together he and Jack have lived through these three days before. That was the part he was having a hard time making sense of. If he’d lived through it, why could he not remember? Why did Jack just meet him at the finish line, hit the reset button, and send him on his way with a little dream pep talk? That was, after all, what was happening, wasn't it? At least it must have been in the previous loops… This time, however, the pep talk in question seemed more like an obituary.
Dean got out of his car and took a look around him. It was a decent view. Nothing to write home about but the kind of view he had been searching for. Something that felt right. He breathed in the damp fresh air. The sound of the river rushed below him. He breathed deeply. He had made the right choice. He knew Sam would live a long and happy life and Dean was finally feeling at peace with himself about paying the price for that. He knew with such an intense certainty deep down in his soul that he would be happy here in heaven, and he knew that one day Sam would return to him, maybe on a day like today, maybe on this very bridge. Dean could easily see it happening. He could already feel his brother behind him. The two of them, greeting each other and hugging it out, finally able to really see each other again.
“Really, Dean?” Sam scoffed, “You don’t wanna stick around here a few more days, see if a case turns up?” Dean smiled at his brother convincingly. He knew that no matter what they did they would end up in some barn in Ohio, where he had been assured by Rowena he would finally bite it for good. As long as Dean didn’t leave the barn alive after entering, she was certain that the spell would take Dean’s life, and therefore his soul, as a replacement for Sam’s. A part of Dean considered taking Sam and getting on a plane to Japan, New Zealand, anywhere, just as long as it was far,
“Yeah, well? Uh-oh, Jack! I made a stupid suicidal plan again,” He rambled, and placed the transformer behind his back, “So now I’m dead.” He shrugged, sarcastically, his eyes wide.
“Think of all the knowledge this place holds, the shit we never even thought of learning” Sam agreed. She had an assortment of books splayed out in front of her already. Her eyes ran over the titles over and over as if she was struggling to decide where to begin.
“Come with me tomorrow”, Cas pressed as he nuzzled his nose against Dean’s. Dean inhaled shakily, his eyes fluttered open and he placed his lips against Castiel’s softly in a kiss.
to stand up to my old man for me, and B, Would you give it a rest already?! I obviously didn't mean any of that!” Dean scrubbed at his mouth in frustration.
“It's nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. At this very moment, there are thousands of souls doing the very same thing.”
“You’re not supposed to be here, Dean. Sam is, Jack told me... I get it, honestly, I wouldn’t have expected anything else from you-- it's just-- I--” Castiel eye’s frantically searched Dean, imploring him to understand, and he slowly shook his head. Dean sighed.
