Steve's intense stare faded into a gentle smile. "Jarvis," he said, "please route all calls, texts and e-mails away from Tony. Ms Potts can deal with Stark Industries but I'll take any that refer to the Avengers, or SHIELD." He looked directly into Tony's eyes... and hesitated. "That is, if you trust me—"
It had its effect. If Tony had hackles, they would have been up. "Because, fuck it, I don't trust myself to be in the same bed as you," he snapped.
The conversation paused while each course was delivered, which appeared to give Tony the time he needed to collect his thoughts and edit out any touch of the personal from his narrative. Steve suspected that that was what he had planned when he had arranged for them to come here.
When the reply came back from the Wakandan squad leader it was short and to the point.
The Mandarin waved a hand at the blood and it vanished, along with the severed legs and abdomen.
"Obviously not," Steve said. "Though Loki and his allies couldn't have expected to conquer the Earth with what we saw come through the portal."
"I'm fine, Tony."
"You should know. You signed it."
"Tony?"
Then Steve's eyes opened. "God, Tony. You're here. You're real," he whispered.
"That depends. When did you and Betty last eat?"
The NYPD had declined to take an interest, passing the buck to SHIELD as the relevant authority where superheroes were concerned, though what defined a 'superhero' was something he had yet to discover. SHIELD had sent a team to pick up the bodies – or the charred bits of body – but had made no further enquiries.
"I'm trying to save the world, fuck it! Even if we get the ARC reactors distributed worldwide in the next three years it may be too late. You know that, Pepper."
"Well, Captain Rogers appears to have loaned it to a C.S.J. Danvers who filed the flight plan. That, from the security description, is the woman who forced her way in to see me, demanding I put her in contact with you."
"The last alien invaders were dealt with without the Pentagon's assistance. I gave Velasco his transport units, and don't try to tell me he hasn't been taking them apart. I bet he's also one of the engineers who've been trying to figure out your suit," Tony added, shrewdly. "They really should have taken a look at the repulsor patents."
"You're not invulnerable. Be careful, Tony. I'm beginning to suspect the rest of us are going to need you."
"And you are here why?
Julia opened the door to the East Sitting Hall and announced, loudly, "Mom, you have a visitor." She was making an obvious attempt to maintain a disinterested and dignified air while also being full of glee at her own importance.
"We did. Not the same type of portal. This one needs some sort of doodad at both ends."
Tenderness overwhelmed him, followed by lust that reinforced the shame.
"Who wrote it?" Bruce asked, his voice still even. "Why haven't I heard of him and his work?"
That would have been even more foolish than he had suspected.
Hank said, "The computer network is active, so we figured you'd also gotten Jarvis back—"
"That won't be necessary, sir." Steve's voice had lost all amusement – and, unless Tony was imagining it, warmth. Instead he was grave and formal and very careful with his words.
These men had been, apparently, agents of something called SHIELD.
It was only then that Tony realised that she was in the process of reaching for the Gene's artefact—
"No? The tech isn't more advanced? Was Hydra really that far ahead? Or you don't remember crashing into the ice?" Stark's eyes had narrowed to thin slits of blue. There was an intelligence there that ought to have been frightening, but somehow wasn't.
been an increase in cryptozoological sightings in the past three months,"  Jarvis reported blandly. "I have eliminated the obvious frauds and am attempting to track any possible movements of sighting towards Seattle. Steve is checking the credibility of those reports on which I cannot make a human judgment call."
"If Stark had been developing it for the government, would he have told you?" Danvers asked.
"You knew Cap?" Tony asked, surprise in his voice.
"Call the armour," Tony ordered as, ignoring the Energy Secretary, the Head of Roxxon Oil and the Miner's Union Secretary, all of whom were trying to stop and question him, he ploughed his way out of the door.
"Goddamn," Tony said. "Treason among your guards? Suicide pills? Didn't you search them?"
"Yeow!" The pain brought him awake with a near scream, and the hand dropped away.
Tony had brought the vehicle under control by frantic use of the yoke and rudder, and was gaining height, circling up above the compound.
"The Black Widow warned me that a cell can be tracked by many people, including SHIELD. And I didn't want to be more of a burden on Tony than I had to be. He'd already staked me, and the others. I didn't want to get any deeper in his debt."
"Cap!" Tony's voice was panicked.
"M'too heavy," Steve protested, trying to shift.
The man held up his hands, palms outwards. "Name's Tony – Tony Stark," he said in a calm, soothing voice. "They also call me 'Iron Man' though the armour isn't actually made of iron. I didn't choose the name. I know this is all very strange to you—"
The roof was a double curve, probably unsafe, but if Steve had been a sniper – as Bucky had been and that memory, as ever, brought a stab of pain – that is the place he would have chosen, if he needed to target someone here.
"I'm not defending him, Tony. But you've never been a soldier, which I was and he is. Sometimes, as a soldier, you have to obey a legal order, even if you hate doing it."
"Yeah, and that made him change his mind. Same information didn't shift your opinion, did it? Stubborn bastard."
"Yes, sir," Tony said miserably, wishing that Howard didn't make him feel ten again.
Steve's eyebrows quirked.
"Don't forget SCOTUS," Clint interrupted. "There are judges panting for the chance to hand you your ass."
"Bleecker Street? Strange's place?" Natasha asked.
"We have a plan B, sir? We did not have a plan A thirty three seconds ago."
He slid after it.
"Stark's fine—"
As quickly as he could with the pain slowing him, he donned the suit. As he settled it into place, the door opened. Steve stilled. By a stroke of good fortune, it was opening towards him, so that it blocked the view of both Steve and the bed from anyone entering.
The first thing Tony was aware of was pain. His head was pounding, in what, if it was a hangover, was the worst he had experienced in years. Whatever he had been drinking, it was powerful enough to make him think of giving up booze for good...
Iron Man moved upwards, until his helmet and shoulders were above the water – or above the water intermittently, because the sea was choppy, despite the relative calm of the eye.
Okoye's grimaced. "That was also my thought. But I when went to question them, each one lay dead in his cell."
As a last act before he left, he released the worm that would, eventually, scramble all the data and the backups.
"Not just 'missing, presumed dead.' He'd been declared dead. But Dad never gave up on him and he was right."
Tony wasn't sure whether this was true – though it did sound plausible – or an evasion. Certainly he had not seen anyone use a cell, nor had they found one on White Wolf or his men. "There go the property values around here."
said a voice that was not his or Steve's but female and familiar and
It was, Steve had come to realise, typical of the contradictions that made up Tony Stark. The face SHIELD had shown him via their films and profiles – the face Tony himself had thrust at him in Stuttgart, the helicarrier and the journey between – had some elements of truth but was plainly designed to serve as a distraction. Look behind it, look at the details of his life and his company and you got a very different picture.
"Not so far, sir. Either the surveillance cameras were tampered with, or the Chitauri troop carriers just disappeared."
"I can tell when Nat's laughing at me. And Bruce says he can't risk staying here, and once he has the results from the experiment he's running, maybe he won't even be the Hulk any more. You're back with SHIELD too..."
Natasha ignored him. "We've done all we can, short of assassination, particularly with all the key players outside the Pentagon on the stomp."
There had been a whole list of names, some of which were still unknown to him.
"I want to... to have sex with you. I want you to fuck me into the mattress or against the wall or whatever you want..." His voice faded into a whisper. "I want you inside me. Please."
"That's just crazy. Why would they want me?"
"Damn," Steve said, quietly. "Despite all we knew, I hoped, somehow..."
"Yes," Pepper said. "You did."
Tony chuckled. "Oh, now that is a long story.”
"It would certainly be wise to warn Director Fury that we have the capability," T'Challa replied, his deep voice holding no hint of humour.
"No," Tony said. "But I may have encountered them... it... whatever. I may even have been both interrogated and hacked by them. Jarvis!"
, Steve said, "You were kidnapped by terrorists who tried to force you to build weapons, but you built the first Iron Man armour and escaped..."
Steve and Bruce exchanged glances. It was Bruce who said, "Maybe you ought to give her time... Let her think it over."
"And how many men have you thrown out of the Malibu house in that time? Answer me! How many?"
"I—" Fuck, fuck fuck. "Of course I trust you."
The brightest of stars fell from the sky.
"What sort of hallucinations?"
Carter hesitated, biting her lip. "I know it's weird, but there's a ... story ... in my family. That my father was not, actually, my grandfather's son. I did ask Aunt Peggy – we've always been close – but she wouldn't say anything. Just seemed sad."
West would take him even deeper into this type of country, with California, that he didn't understand, beyond. North was still cold. He feared the cold, feared falling back into sleep never to wake again.
"You can always stay here with us when Tony goes back to New York, Steve," Bruce suggested, one hand on Tony's shoulder as he steered him out of the room.
Her hand passed right through it and hit his chest.
"I'm not going to feed your vanity, Tony," he said, a smile touching his lips. Then, he went on, "But I couldn't live with that, here or in the past. That world needs you, not just Iron Man. You. And I ... no. It's just that they... Peggy, Bucky, Phillips, your father... they knew
"I admired Howard, but I was never quite sure if he regarded me as a friend or an interesting experiment carried out on a naive fool." For the first time since hearing of Howard's decades-long search for his body, Steve wondered if the man hadn't felt guilty – or if, perhaps, other people hadn't made him feel guilty.
The door slid open and Jan padded through. "No news?"
"Let Stark go!" Captain America, in full uniform, strode into the room, pausing in front of the open elevator doors, shield raised. "You wanted me. Here I am. You have three seconds to release him."
"You weren't here," he said. "The bed was cold."
"Romanoff can keep her suspicions to herself."
But it would only be a few days before he was completely well again. Then he'd better leave and –
Iron Man was flying a few feet above the jungle canopy with the south-western mountain range and the outlier mountain that was his destination rising into view when Jarvis said, "We have a passenger, sir."
Tony took as deep a breath as he could, told himself to put his trust in Steve, and hurled himself through. Heat and light and noise hit him like a wall. He staggered, but strong hands caught him and hauled him upright, then into the shadow of the building they had just exited.
Thor seemed oblivious.
To his surprise and not a little admiration, she didn't even squeak, and the SHIELD agents were far too well trained to shoot the Deputy Director.
"Fuck the fucking suit! Are you all right?"
"No. They think I'm dead," Steve said.
Was Tony blushing? Steve would have sworn it wasn't possible to embarrass him. "Tony?"
"Oh, for God's sake!" Tony threw the nearest object – a quarter-inch flat head screwdriver – at U, who had been scurrying about the workshop, trying to tidy away various pieces of armour that Tony had laid out carefully for rearticulation and then been distracted by a SI research report on the power cells of the Chitauri fliers. "I do not need your help. I do not need any robotic help
"Oooh, now the Pentagon is fair game. They try to hack me, I do hack them," Tony said. "I have my own list of our problems there. Jarvis will need to compare your list of people working against us with mine. I need to be sure who is pulling government strings before I aim the pair of you at them."
Jean was on her knees, her head in her hands.
"I need get to Travis," he said.
"It was, wasn't it? And it leaked?"
What? Pepper wasn't talking about today, but about that period when he had been wandering randomly across America trying to find... he didn't know. Except that he hadn't found it.
And, in the blink of an eye, they were back in Xavier's study. Tony had a hand on his shoulder, rock solid and steady, his eyes narrowed on Xavier. "What happened?" he asked, then, to Steve, "Did you remember?"
"Closed," Tony replied, opening the faceplate of the armour. "The mercenaries guarding it are dead, though you have a massive clean-up in prospect at the mine. Between one of their guns and the vibranium-steel doors the roof didn't stand a chance. That also took out the mechanism generating this side of the portal."
"That last will of his," Tony said. "There wasn't some sort of secret codicil to it, waiting to ambush me?"
"Next time, you keep them fully informed, Jarvis. That's an order." And if Jarvis was going to ignore orders, Tony was going to have to poke around in his code to see where the errors had occurred.
Because fingers were digging into his ass, between his buttocks...
She had died eighteen years ago.
"Sniper," Steve said. "He vanished through some kind of portal."
"I can think of a dozen reasons," Pepper told him. "Not the least of which is sheer exasperation. Now, I need to get back to my visitors. We'll talk about this later."
"If SHIELD was hanging around Wakanda, it may have been because they thinking about recruiting for the Initiative," Steve said.
"I take it they don't teach history at MIT," Bruce said dryly, wandering over to peer at Tony's work.
By now they were passing through one of the human-sized doors into the hangar, as the main doors remained tightly closed, trapping whatever aircraft were housed there inside.
"You look tired," Steve said now. "I expected you earlier. Why didn't you call in?"
"He had to, because you won't accept help, Tony. You have to be the centre of attention—"
"Jarvis, I need to talk to Director Fury, right now," Tony snapped, holding up a hand and shaking his head at Steve, who squatted down beside him. "Sir, Ms Potts—"
"Just Shuri?" Betty was asking.
War Machine was upright. "What the hell was that about, Tony?" its speakers bellowed.
He knew he could get out of the spa and go for a swim without hesitation. He operated the Iron Man suit under water every few weeks. He often stood beneath the shower with water cascading over his face, even if he still had to brace himself to do it.
Again the exchange of glances. "No, he was neither," Clint said. "Phil Coulson put those files together – under protest, because he didn't agree with the psychologists."
He had a point, but Tony wasn't going to accept that. "It's just a metaphor."
And just how was he so sure of that?
"It's been less than a month." Bruce shook his head. "I'm not concerned with Thor, and Natasha and Barton will look after each other, but I'm worried about Steve. I was used to being on my own, but he—"
going with the jolly green gnome?" he asked.
"Why?"
"You've given me even better reasons to mistrust you. Like wiping my best agents' records from my IT systems. Then helping them to vanish. That wasn't friendly, Stark."
"On the ground, three hundred and fifteen yards at eighty-six degrees relative."
Steve was sitting on a hunk of concrete amid chaos, as SHIELD agents, EMTs, firemen, representatives of half a dozen police forces and the odd stubborn citizen milled and yelled about him. He was taking no notice of them, his shield between his spread knees, his cowled head bowed.
"The Panther tribe, at least, will wait to see what member of the family of their tribal chiefs is beloved of the Panther God." All the same the Panther sounded... uncertain.
"Thank you, Jarvis," Steve said, plainly meaning it.
"You promised me that you'd help me get the Avengers back together," Tony interrupted. Then, at Steve's surprised eyebrow, "I wasn't
"Just the superhero stuff?"
"It is this end. I can't speak for yours. We need to meet, then, when I get back to New York."
Tony was on his feet. "For God's sake, Dad," he said, around a slice of toast. "She thinks the sun shines out of Fury's ass and she's already applied to be a SHIELD agent when she finishes college. She won't believe what we suspect they were doing with Cap, so even if we swear her to secrecy, we can't trust her not to let it slip to SHIELD because she
But it was there all the same.
Tony was a lot later than he'd planned getting into the air in the armour. SHIELD had arrived and quarrelled with the police and the army about taking charge of the remains and with him about his methods of dealing with the creature. They'd also hosed him down, for which he was grateful, but they insisted that he be examined by their medics.
"Your guess is as good as mine, Stark, and I don't have one. Keep me updated. And say 'Hello' to Steve for me. How's that partnership working out for you both, by the way?"
Happy made a kind of bleating noise of protest, but Tony overrode him, "She's not my girlfriend."
"Damn it, yes!"
Steve hoped Hank didn't notice his own involuntary wince.
Tony rose slowly from the deck, hovering on the repulsors. He liked the height advantage. "Are you sure? Because I have an exact GPS location on the pterathopter and I have to tell you that you're not within two hundred yards. With all that mud down there it might as well by two hundred miles. You're going to spend so much time looking you'll find yourself arguing over jurisdiction with Homeland Security, the Coast Guard and the police Harbour Unit . Well, at least it'll give me time to get clear in case Cap's right about those spheres being bombs and you set them off accidentally."
They were deep in a discussion resulting from the pooling of their respective deductions when Jarvis interrupted them:
Tony threw a glance to where Steve was blocking the entrance to the kitchen and relaxed a little when he shook his head.
"Not a chance," Bruce said. "I'm taking Tony to hospital."
"No wonder you're still an 'eligible' bachelor, Tony."
Steve finished the length just below Tony's feet and hauled himself up out of the pool, muscles moving in perfect synchrony.
There was silence for a time. After a while, Tony slumped more and more heavily against Steve, until he slept, or had possibly lapsed into unconsciousness, but his breathing and pulse were steady. With any luck he would be okay in the morning, though he would need watching for the rest of the night to make sure he didn't vomit and choke.
Later, much later, Steve herded Tony into the kitchen and set him chopping some of the fresh vegetables Lori had brought for them. He wasn't sure what they were going to eat – risotto, maybe – but it kept Tony close and gave him something to do that wasn't sex.
And all the time Jean's voice spoke in his mind.
But he could have sworn that Tony was not wearing the suit, could have sworn that both current Marks had been damaged—
Tony let his eyes close and concentrated on breathing...but it was so hard...
"Could have been the agents following us tripping over each other," Clint said dryly.
At his back, Tony was shifting uncomfortably, plainly unable to decide whether to sleep facing Steve or with his back to him. He understood that, because he had the same problem.
"Why so hostile, Tony? We're going to crawl all over that downed helicarrier. But it'll be easier and safer for you to get what I want from the wreckage."
Steve didn't say anything further, just wound arms and legs around him and kissed every inch of skin he could reach – which wasn't half enough, if he'd asked Tony.
Seconds later, he was alone and cold again, huddling on himself, trying to ignore all the things Tony had said and failing, as he had failed so many times to justify his actions to himself over the last few months.
"Sure. New battle suit. This way." Iron Man inclined his head towards the unlit depths of the hangar. "I need to get out of this tin can and shower. You coming—? I shouldn't have said that, should I?" he added, as Steve burst out laughing.
"Ancient One?" The Master of the Sanctum stood in the doorway, as unperturbed as ever.
That was all very plausible, but... "The Black Widow reports he seems to have been more interested in Captain Rogers than me," Tony said.
"Make that fast pass above and drop me to land on it."
"Guess if he wasn't dead before, he sure is now," he added.
Steve waved a hand at the holograms. "Jarvis and I have been analysing all the sightings of what could have been your creature."
"Hold it right there," that was the mercenary leader. "What you do with your brother is your affair, but Stark is another matter. The quantum-bridge has been destroyed. The men guarding it are dead or out cold. My lieutenant has vanished. And Stark..."
Danvers grinned at him. "I'll remember that's the case. But this isn't official. In fact, if anyone finds out I'm talking to you about Jim, I'm in deep shit. You have resources no one else has, Stark. Will you look for him?"
"Be careful, Tony." Steve's voice was suddenly very serious.
Maybe he should tell Lori that the instant Howard needed a safe place for his son and his... friend... to hide out, he had thought of the cabin, trusting her to do her best to keep them safe.
In truth, he had no more targets. Grudgingly, he began to dismantle the Iron Man. "How did you get into Wakanda?" he asked, partly to distract Jan from trying to help, but mainly because he was curious. "Not that your dramatic intervention wasn't appreciated, though maybe it would have been better half an hour earlier."
Ahead of them, the sky was now black with clouds, but not the great anvils of thunderclouds or an opaque iron-grey ceiling heavy with rain. Instead, low-level billows were being whipped into ragged streamers by the wind, flowing to the north-west.
"What new orbiter?" Tony demanded, overriding Lt Storm's, "The Cape."
"Jarvis, guide Thor through to the kitchen and order whatever he wants. There's plenty to snack on while he's waiting for delivery. In fact, see if the hamburger and fries are salvageable. We have beer, Thor, but Erik Selvig said to tell you they have beer too. In New Mexico. Lots of it. Though I can't vouch for the quality. Jarvis, get Dr Jane Foster on the phone so Thor can talk to her and make his apologies for not taking time out to go see her on his last two visits in between battling aliens and gods..."
Tony was lounging in an Eames chair close to the windows, a tablet on his lap, peering at Steve over the top of the reading glasses that he had given up pretending he didn't need.
Not for the first or even the hundred and first time he wished SHIELD had never found him in the ice.
"Stay down," Okoye ordered. "When I go ashore it will mean that the last of the stragglers have landed on the beach. Wait for three hundred breaths, then follow me. I might pass for a member of the Panther tribe, but you could not even pass for White Wolf himself."
"Cap is."
The intruder held out his own hand and the ring leaped into it.
The white clad man nodded once, as if Tony's words confirmed something. "The artificer," he said, his voice surprisingly soft and, irritatingly, not in the least annoyed. "And you," he turned his eyes to Steve, "are not Horace Hogan. You are the Captain. Good."
"You're hurt," Steve said, as if he hadn't realised it before.
Tony looked down at him and smiled dreamily, plainly still lost in the music; he must have missed it as much as Steve had missed drawing most of the time he was in the field. Then what he was playing shifted from improvised jazz to something far more tuneful and romantic, completely at odds with the so-called 'rock' and 'heavy metal' that were his normal musical choices.
"You're an angel, Miranda."
The intensity of their passion had shaken Tony. He hadn't been totally inexperienced, but this was beyond what he had ever imagined sex – love – could feel like. But something wasn't right.
"What are you going to do with it?" Steve queried uneasily.
The Hulk?
"Yes I'm fucking sure!" Tony yelled.
He ran to Steve's side. "Computer, scan Steve for injury," he ordered.
Rhodey whistled. "I can see why you're hiding out in the woods. But you have another problem, Tones."
"Did you figure I wouldn't be interested?"
For a moment he was totally disoriented. This wasn't his own tiny apartment, or army barra—
He folded without as sound, as did his unwitting assailant as Clint took him down in two deft moves.
appearing weak, and in front of Captain America of all people... He couldn't say 'thank you' or 'sorry' – he just couldn't – but he was too frightened by the thought of being left alone again to snarl at him.
"Sir," Jarvis's voice said. "Prince Thor is about to leave."
Unless the police did his job for him.
"Things have gotten complicated," Tony said. "I need you to stand back from this, Rhodey. It might compromise your career."
He charged, changing direction as his opponent skipped aside, and, stretching out an arm, grabbed a handful of tunic and hauled him in. They crashed to the floor together.
licence ARC technology exclusively, even exclusively in any particular market area. And I won't sell it, even in sealed boxes that explode if you open them, to the military or ROXXON oil."
"According to Howard Stark, it doesn't affect anything at all," Steve confirmed. "I'm not sure why he thought it dangerous, if he did."
With her always-surprising strength, Natasha rolled Steve off Tony's chest and felt his neck for a pulse, then rolled up an eyelid. "Seems okay. Still out cold."
"SHIELD EMTs are on their way," said Fury.
There was still no response.
"He's a serving officer, Stark. He's under orders."
"Chunk of concrete," Steve replied, peering over his shoulder in an attempt to see the damage. "I need you to tell me if it's just bruising or if it needs a dressing." He looked down at his shirt and added, "I guess it might."
Bruce frowned. "I thought you'd fried the internal circuits or nervous system of whatever those things had. Hank thinks nervous system, by the way."
And that was Barton, who was seated beside him. Thor was, improbably and uncomfortably, perched on the bench seat opposite, his hammer resting across his knees, a deeply reassuring presence.
"I need to talk to him. Now."
"Pep – Ms Potts – she says you – how could you? You dumped her. She's—"
It was only then that he realised that Steve's arm had gone round him in support. "They know about the electro-magnet in your chest," he said, close to Tony's ear, and the phrasing was a warning. "I had to tell them what it was for – they were going to remove it. They thought it was a weapon."
"I don't know," Bruce said.
As always, work would save him from the emotional consequences of a fucked up life. He hoped.
"Understandably. SHIELD manipulated and misused you, thrust you into a role you only thought you understood. No wonder you eventually went off the rails."
"That's familiar too." Jean's grin was widening.
"Do you wish me to investigate?" Jarvis asked.
"Bruce set off the explosion," Steve interrupted. "That's what caused him to Hulk out. What I don't understand is why he attacked you and Hank. At the Battle of Manhattan he worked with us, took orders, saved your life—
"Except my private jet dodging UFOs right outside Frisco," Tony said. "It's apparently all over the internet. Or so Pepper says."
the bed, his arms around Tony, pulling him so close he could hardly breathe, and didn't want to.
The sun was prickly on his skin and blinding even behind his sunglasses, despite the narrowness of the valley as Steve picked his way through the rampant vegetation.
"If it's not over Stark Tower it can't be aliens," Tony told him. "It's going to come up the Hudson, then land at La Guardia... What?" He was silent again for a moment, then said, "Better suit up, Cap. It may be nothing, but Jarvis can't find any financial record of this movie it's supposed to be advertising, though it does have a page on IMDB. I guess we ought to be ready."
It made thinking clearly difficult.
Perhaps he ought to try to call Mjolnir to him. Only then it was likely that both hammers would turn up and that would result in Thor arriving... and he wasn't on particularly good terms with Thor at this point in the past. The Stones and the devices he needed to travel through the Quantum Realm were a much higher priority
"Really," Jan said, supporting Steve. "Somehow his abduction and Shuri's, not to mention what happened to the Hulk, are all tied together."
Three bars and two casinos later, he was half-listening to an inferior torch singer while waiting for the pole dancing to start when, from the corner of his eye he saw a fair-haired, tall, broad-shouldered young man in a blue silk open-necked shirt leaning with his back against the bar, disco lights playing across his face. For a split second, his heart stopped ... Steve... He caught his breath and turned, taking a step towards him, an instinctive smile lighting his face...
Listening to Tony and watching him bring up illustration after illustration with a gesture or an instruction to Jarvis, while those deft hands worked with metal (and other, sometimes unidentifiable substances), or constructed – conducted? – three dimensional models into the air, sure as heck beat hitting those punching bags until they surrendered. Fury had encouraged him in letting out his rage, but Tony diverted it by feeding his mind.
For the first time Steve really understood the cliché about 'pacing like a caged tiger' because that was exactly how he felt. Tony's workshop, indeed the whole Malibu house, had become a prison. He wanted, needed, to be on the East Coast, and there were a dozen reasons why he could not be, including that Tony had specifically asked – ordered? – that he stay here.
"You're bluffing, Stark." Fury's one eye held a basilisk stare. Tony almost expected to be turned to stone. Or was that the right mythos?
"I'd like that – if I knew what 'jedi' was. Is it a form of ju-jitsu?”
Iron Man's shoulder plates lifted, and spheres of repulsor energy scattered, honing in one by one on the sources of the energy beams and whatever stood behind them. The resulting explosions surprised him with their strength, though the Jericho, on which they were based, had been his most powerful weapon.
Steve straightened his eyes on Storm. "You were going to fly co-pilot on the new orbiter. Where was that going to be launched?"
"If it was, it's one that's solid after seventy years," Tony growled. "Then there's SHIELD—"
"Asgardian witch?" Steve once again felt the world dropping away. "What Asgardian witch?" He glared at Tony who, perhaps wisely, remained silent.
But below them the ground was dark for several hundred yards, apart from the lights of SHIELD vehicles, blurred by falling dust.
"Yes, sir. On the couch. DUM-E is about to try to cover him."
The mechanisms at his feet whined, and the robot arm waved threateningly at him. "Don't worry," Steve said, feeling foolish but oddly happy. "He has family now. We'll take care of him."
"It's Whitney, isn't it?" Pepper went on. "Would it have helped if I'd dyed my hair blonde like she does?"
"Except that you plainly weren't meant to come to us," Howard said. "No one could know that Tony would find you – and SHIELD thinks you're dead."
Steve had spent a good deal of time in Tony's workshop over the last week, but this was the first time he had seen the floor littered with half a dozen large packing crates, with Tony was hammering down the lid on one of them in time to the heavy beat of what Steve could not bear to call music. When that stopped abruptly, he grinned at Steve. "Hi, Cap. I see Pep didn't throw you out.
"Bait? For what?"
It had been easier than he had expected to get Steve to sleep. A little exaggeration of a necessary limp had had him insisting on helping Tony into the bathroom without him having to ask. (That he had already made use of it and treated his various injuries while Steve and Jan had been preparing lunch up in the Penthouse kitchen was something he didn't need to mention.) Yanking a fully-clothed Steve into the shower with him had produced language that had him tut-tutting with glee. And Steve's response to his laughter:
And the sea parted, laying the beach bare.
"Yes, I do," Tony snapped. "It's my fault, Steve. I should never have brought him here, never have brought Hank and Jan here, or that fucking Chitauri machine—"
"I'm not a pilot."
"Peggy Carter. The Great Romance," Tony hated himself for the sarcastic edge that was creeping into his voice. "You loved her. You said so yourself."
"It is not an Avengers matter, Captain. Mr Stark... needs a – human. Would you please follow the lights?"
"I didn't know we were going out." Steve had been anticipating – and dreading – a private time here with Tony to talk things over.
Steve's eyes were wide. "He?"
For a second, the bluntness of the question shook Tony's composure. "What?" Then he gathered enough wit to respond, "No, sir, I haven't."
"Jarvis, get the armour out of there!"
It vanished, and he was still falling, onto the floor of the workshop, where he lay bereft and shivering, with the beginning of a headache pounding behind his temples.
She moved to the edge of the balcony looked out into the sky, shading her eyes with her hand. For a moment she was still, then she turned and smiled at him, though it did not reach her eyes. "All warriors have bad memories, and according to Thor you are Midgard's greatest warrior."
"Yes. What I am not doing is getting up and limping around in front of Jan and Hank, thereby confirming their worst suspicions about our sex lives. If you're worried about either of them ogling my chest when you're in the room wearing clothes that give spandex a run for their money..." Tony shook his head, his expression sad, though his lips were twitching. "Well, you're wrong. But you can pass me one of your T-shirts. Considering how tight they are on you they should fit me perfectly. I'm much more worried about talking to Hank without any caffeine intake."
"It's a brand new prototype," Tony said, unsurprised by the Director's arrival, "and not even my idea. Colonel Velasco suggested it."
Unable to stay in the same building with the people he relied on conspiring against him – though he would have been hard pushed to say what sort of conspiracy they might be hatching – he paused long enough to change into a suit and dress shirt (not a tux, which would make him stand out in the venues he had in mind) and took the private elevator down to the lobby rather than the garage. He still had to find a chauffeur he could trust now Happy had transferred his allegiance to Pepper, damn him, and knowing better than to risk one of his special babies in New York traffic when he had drunk as much as he intended – he'd once misplaced a Lamborghini for six months – he took a cab and headed downtown.
"I believe them to be African," Howard continued, "and from a highly advanced civilisation. There are rumours of a hidden city. I've recorded the details in the file on your shield."
"Probably a good thing. I don't think he has much time for wunderkind. Ow!" Howard added as Tony poked him with his elbow. "He's reclusive and can be touchy. But your mother was friends with his wife. She was called Maria too," he added. As always, there was sadness in his voice when he spoke of Tony's mother. "I'll go through Jan Van Dyne."
Once again there was that bitter note behind Tony's droll manner. What had Howard done to him in those years? Certainly it was not something Steve could ask him, not something he would ever talk about. But there was at least one more question to which Steve wanted – needed – an answer.
They worked in silence for a while, then Steve said, "What happens if SHIELD turns up here?"
"Oh, wonderful."
"It's the misuse of science I'm against," Hank muttered, then, looking round at a series of uniformly raised eyebrows, he added, "but I guess that's what you're trying to guard against. Okay. It goes against my instincts, but it's the logical thing to do."
The voice brought a rush of relief sweeping through him, along with warmth and attraction. Not that any of those made sense.
It was gone now, and a world without Steve was dull and grey and didn't matter very much. Tony knew he was in shock and that, sooner or later, he would lose this detachment, this clarity of thought, but he wished the numbness could go on forever...
"I didn't shoot nobody, least, not on a public highway. But right now you ain't on the public highway an' we don't like snoopers around here. Specially not when they're following up on the hoax my boy played on that damnfool jock." He leaned forward intimidatingly and, incidentally, took a long hard look inside the SUV. Apparently, he saw nothing untoward, for he stepped back with a, "So if I were you, ma'am, I'd go peddle my line elsewhere."
Then tiny wings glittered in his circle of light and, seconds later, Jan was kneeling on the palm of his hand, oblivious of the softly glowing repulsor.
And it was the Red Skull's grinning skeletal head that was eaten by the blue-white lightning of the Tesseract, atom by atom, until its seething white column was pink streaked by blood and flesh as it burned upwards, carrying what remained of the Skull into the blackness of interstellar space, where stars and galaxies... swirled and the red skin peeled away into red flesh, atom by atom.
"Not really. Fury treated me as a soldier and it's the only thing I know how to be."
Steve took a sharp breath. "Tony, don't joke. Not about this."
Steve looked wildly about him. "What the hell was that?"
"Iron Man, confirming the hostiles definitely not human, repeat not human." That was Natasha.
"I would indeed appreciate a bath," Thor told him. "Also less conspicuous clothing."
"Told you that," Steve said sleepily, but there was an answering smile on his face. He reached out to cup Tony's face with one hand, concealing a wince because his bruised muscles had stiffened and the scabs on his back were pulling as he moved.
"Does Bruce Banner still exist? I haven't heard anything of him since the Hulk went gray and intelligent. I've tried to contact Rick, but he's gone dark too, even though Ross is supposedly in jail."
Someone opened the door from the living area. Steve reached to switch on the lights, saw the woman in the cat-suit from Howard's message, and a man in black and purple, with a drawn bow in his hand, and started to roll out of bed.
"Stay here and assist the doctor as needed," the Ancient One said before turning to Tony and Natasha. "We must go to the meeting. Your friend is safe in these hands; I give you my word in this."
"Tony," Pepper said, in that patient voice that meant she thought she was the only one in the room talking sense, "I think we should keep the manufacturing arm here in the States—"
Tony shrugged. "Too late for the divide and conquer gambit."
"Both."
T'Challa nodded. "We may be able to accomplish both, at least in part, in the same location. But now you must arm yourselves."
"Sir, perhaps Ms Van Dyne can carry one of our bugs close to the enemy without being seen."
Why hadn't that happened...?
"Why, Pep, I thought my eyepatch fetish was a secret even from you."
So he grabbed a towel and scrubbed himself dry, scowled at the pale face with its stubble and dark shadowed eyes staring back at him, donned a towelling robe and padded back into the workshop.
"I'm fine. Watch your own back, Iron Man."
"Yes, I did," Steve said. "She was gorgeous, bright, tough, and having to fight for her place in the military just as I had. She was wonderful. And I was attracted to her." Steve chuckled, but Tony heard the note of bitterness in it. "She seemed to like me, but I think now that was just pity."
"I can't believe this strong silent type shtick. A New Yorker? Irish American? Never kissed the Blarney Stone while you were in Europe?"
"Fuck it, Tony, what have you done to yourself? You were already hurt."
"Please be careful. For Bruce's sake. And I can't afford to lose any of those few friends I have left."
. Jarvis, put me on loudspeakers, volume up full." He took a deep breath, trying to hold panic at bay. "Attention! All residents, stay in your apartments. A ... powerful gas has been released on the fourth floor. Close your outer doors and use clothes or blankets to seal the cracks. Stay in your apartments, close to the windows, until help arrives."
"That bodes ill for someone," a deeper man's voice boomed, in a failed attempt at a whisper.
"So does Tony."
"Virgil Potts just called me," he said, once they were out of Steve's hearing. "He wants to know what you did to Pepper."
Washington was overhung with low clouds emitting heavy drizzle. From Tony's view was useful as it meant that few people were looking up at the sky. Furthermore, the rain wasn't heavy enough for its displacement around the stealth armour to be noticeable. He should be perfectly invisible. Nor did he need to get inside the Triskelion, SHIELD's Washington base. Instead, he trusted to his improved stealth tech and hovered a few hundred yards from the perimeter before reaching out with Extremis. Once he's made contact with the servers he flicked through machine designations, dismissing cell phones and laptops until he discovered the personnel database.
"What about?"
"Did I say that aloud? Yeah. The ARC reactor – this thing in my chest that keeps me alive – was poisoning me. It's fine now. But things sucked for a while."
Said authorities had been all too easy to contact.
Steve activated his own comm. "Danvers, wait..."
Howard sighed, and leaned against the balcony rail. "Yes. Of course. He's a genius. When he was seventeen he founded his own company and now is worth a billion in his own right. He's saved this city and the whole world. He took down supervillains and aliens and the two men who stole our company, all before he was eighteen. But he has maybe three friends of his own age in the world and that is my fault."
"USAF business, Stark. Not mine."
"Yes," he said. "I'm not sure anyone else was aware of the consequences if we made a mistake except maybe Strange – and he wasn't there to warn us. Not that he would have, the bastard—"
Tony hesitated, though Steve suspected it was only to phrase the reply so that he would understand it. "I left myself a way into the helicarrier's computers."
So that was what T'Challa had been doing when he'd left Steve and him alone in the hidden base, Tony realised. He'd played that one close to his chest. Not that Tony blamed him.
"Got it." Stark disappeared through a door into what was, presumably, a bathroom (and when did every bedroom get its own bathroom?) and came back a minute or so later, with a tumbler full of water in one hand and a packet of some pills, probably painkillers, in the other.
"Below us!" Storm yelped, as, in a blink-and-you-miss-it moment, something small and grey zipped past them.
Instantly, Tony released him, though Steve himself did not slacken his hold. "Hang on, Tony."
"I swear we didn't know. We weren't even sure that there really was a terrorist arms dump, but Barton and Romanoff insisted on going in because of Stark's connection to the Ten Rings—"
He comforted himself with the hope of coffee, particularly if it was the wonderfully rich coffee grown in nearby Kenya or a local equivalent. As they crossed open ground and climbed the steps past guardian carvings of leaping leopards, he sniffed hopefully. There were many smells, mostly unfamiliar, and none of them suggested coffee, not even when they passed through the eaves-high bronze doors.
They should never have come to Wakanda.
Hurriedly turning away, he busied himself watching a poker game. He'd've liked to join, but he was banned in every casino on the East Coast, plus Nevada – and probably Monte Carlo, though he hadn't checked recently – from any game where there was an advantage in counting cards. Not that he counted cards – that would have taken all the fun out of it – but they might have given him the benefit of the doubt.
Steve shoved the cowl back from his face and tried to smooth down his hair, which he knew must be a mess. "We had a small problem, ma'am," he said, not sure how to describe the recent encounter with the ornithopter in an unalarming manner – though if Miss Potts lived with Tony she must be used to alarms. "Tony's gone to talk to Director Fury about it." He bit his lip in annoyance with himself, unsure if Miss Potts knew anything at all about Fury or SHIELD.
There was an uncomfortable pause. This time, Steve knew better than to try to fill it. Tony was plainly on a roll.
"Oh," Steve said again, feeling totally deflated. He'd misread everything, misread Tony. The remaining anger was draining away, leaving nothing but the guilt and shame. "And I... What I did to you— Christ, why are you still talking to me?"
"I only wish it was, but Cap and I saw it in operation today. Maybe that was how those 'leviathans' vanished from Manhattan."
Behind the scream of the aircraft's engines and the deceptive chugging of the rotor, Steve could hear another, more familiar noise.
"No. I'll call for something a little healthier from the kitchens." It had been a surprise to Steve that the excellent food that arrived on request turned out to be available twenty-four hours a day and seven days a week in the Tower's staff restaurants, at so heavily subsidised a price that many staff ate three meals a day there. SI employees were not only well paid, but had the highest quality benefits which, according to Tony, was simply good business practice, and, according to Pepper, kept their turnover rate at an industry low.
That didn't have the effect on his friend that Tony had anticipated. "And that's another thing: this new version of Captain America."
"Me? I'm fine, or I will be. The medics here are amazing and so are their painkillers! They're – the medics, not the painkillers – are using bioengineered bacteria to repair my eardrums and cochlear nerve. According to them I'll be one hundred per cent again in twenty-four hours. Meanwhile," she added, reaching for a faceted sphere lying on a carved wooden table. "I just need to switch this on and you'll be able to talk to me. Better get that helmet off first, though," she added, reaching up to grip it firmly in both hands. "It may interfere with the function."
"Hmm." Steve looked sceptical. "Is that really a good idea? Won't the other members of the Board need to have their say?"
"Of course, Captain. She was head of Stark International's legal department until Ms Potts and Mr Stark appointed her as legal consultant for Stark Energy. However, Mr Stark tends to use her as his personal lawyer."
"Sir," Jarvis's voice interrupted their moment of empathy. "Ms Romanoff's data set indeed unlocks and decodes the phone. There are a number of text and sound files, and a video. Do you wish to view this now?"
"The call we heard summons my tribe to the Panther Island," T'Challa replied, his voice close to inaudible though his mouth was less than three inches from Tony's ear. "We are moving in that general direction, though I find it hard to believe that Hunter would make such a mistake."
Something else fell, something small, gold and black and gleaming, which rolled across the floor until brought up short at the edge of the rug on which the coffee table stood.
"If I told you, it wouldn't be a secret. Besides, it's for the Avengers." Tony ruffled Steve's hair with one hand and abstracted a slice of toast from his plate with the other while Steve was making vague gestures of protest. He swept out in satisfied silence.
And he couldn't – wouldn't – hurt either of them.
That room was empty.
He'd updated the Rescue armour into a backpack version and with Rhodey's good offices as peacemaker, he and Pepper were back on even keel. And if the number he'd given her had been to a cell dedicated to her, so she didn't interfere with his work – well, she didn't need to know that.
"The visitor is currently with Dr Pym."
When Tony had decided that privatising World Peace wasn't enough to atone for Stark Industries sixty-odd years of arming the governments of the world and their more unsavoury agencies, and that providing clean energy for everyone at minimal cost would more than compensate for the actions of his father and himself, he had not foreseen that the personal cost would be being harangued by politicians and businessmen alike. The vested interests now were running scared of the miniaturised ARC reactors or wanted a slice of the pie.
"Why doesn't that surprise me?" Steve asked the air. His expression sharpened. "Tony, are you hiding broken ribs?" It couldn't be too bad; there was no blood on Tony's lips, so at least he hadn't punctured a lung. The odds of getting him to allow Steve to get a proper look at his injuries were prohibitive so, instead, he took the opportunity afforded by the fact Tony was still using him as support to run a firm hand down the side his fellow Avenger had been favouring.
Tony's breath caught in his throat. He imagined Bruce – intelligent, cautious, his shoulders' hunched, hair unkempt, eyes haunted behind his spectacles – and shook his head. He was trembling as he tried to contain his anger on behalf of his friend.
"I haven't told him that." Miranda was entirely self-possessed.
"I need your authorisation if I am going to shut down the shields."
Tony let his anger swamp the other emotions. "What the hell, Rhodes?"
Tony looked at the water with disdain. "There's Scotch and Cognac in one of the cases that Steve and I shipped in. I think I need a stronger nightcap.”
"That hardly matters, brother, I have you exactly where I want you – and I even have a use for Stark."
He came to rest against more metal. Pain lanced into his shoulder, as if something was trying to claw its way up his convulsing body. Dimly, he heard Tony's alarmed voice, but it was lost in pain as unconsciousness claimed him in truth.
"Keep down!" he shouted, pushing Pepper to the ground and the shield into Tony's hands.
"Quarks?"
Clint looked at him levelly, and repeated, "Won't it be harder, Mr Heckles?"
Fury was eyeing him with a kind of resigned irritation. "Okay, Stark, you've made your point. You're in. So, where do we look?"
"Not if her father's still in charge of the project."
Only Steve was alive, wasn't he? He'd come back. They'd kissed...
Steve peeled off his glove to take it. "Steve Rogers. It's good to meet you, Miss Potts."
Bruce took a deep breath. "Actually... er... we've had radio reception for the last twenty minutes."
"Happy told me where you were coming in, and I'm in the car with him. We should be at the field before you land... Tony, I could see the smoke from the explosion from Stark Tower."
Tony glanced at him sharply, eyebrows quirked.
Carefully, he pushed himself into a sitting position, then swung his feet out of bed and stood up, surprised by a lack of dizziness. Looking about him, he noticed for the first time that the room was large and tastefully decorated but, apart from the art on the walls – which he was scared to examine too closely because he recognised some of the artists and the works looked to be originals – it didn't have a lot of personality. Maybe it was a high class hotel room. What he needed right now was the bathroom, so he hoped that that was somewhere close.
"—suspiciously like a trap," Tony finished, with an audible sigh.
"Well, damn you too," Tony snapped, though he knew whoever-it-was could not hear him. Still, at least it had distracted Pepper from the display, which he now killed with a flick of his fingers. "Now, about these subsidiaries..."
Jarvis, however, had no compunctions at all – and he really must think about building some into his protocols – about interrupting him.
"No. I'm fine, Tony. Really."
"We don't know. But you are here against his edict – and alive because his son and his wife disobeyed his orders. The sword goes like this. Don't draw it unless you know how to use it." He stood back and looked at Steve assessingly. "Get those boots on and then I'll trim your beard.
None of which meant he was helpless – he hoped.
Was he meant to starve to death down here? He wouldn't put it past Howard.
"No. I need a decent workshop and it's commutable in the suit."
"I'm going to shower, take care of a few other things, then I'm coming to bed. Don't suppose you'll still be awake..."
He shook his head slightly. He'd seen very little of Rhodey over the past couple of weeks, despite both of them being in New York. Okay, he had been busy with the political and economic fallout from both the Battle of Manhattan and with ensuring that his clean energy products not only worked but hit the market in the immediately foreseeable future, but his best friend might have made time to call.
Rhodey was looking really worried now. "What the hell have you been up to?"
"We don't trade lives," he'd said, as if this could make it so. "The safest hands are our own."
*********************************
"That" was the clatter of hail against the windows, in a blast of wind so hard that Tony felt the building shiver.
"Sure. I've been with Mr Stark quite a while, Captain," Happy replied, deadpan. "Started out carrying aspirin and prophylactics but it kinda grew from there."
"But he can't physically help you if something goes wrong."
"We have to think it through, if we're going to protect him, whoever he is," Howard said. "Neither of us has qualifications in biology or medicine, but there are people who could help.
Tony winced.
"But then she wouldn't have been buried here."
They left him alone in a small, comfortable room furnished in what he was beginning to recognise as typical Wakandan style – half twenty-second century, half traditional East-African.
Tony swore, but sat down, removed his sneakers and socks, rolled up his jeans, and waded out. The water was cold, soothing to his feet, but the concrete was covered in some sort of slime which was not just unpleasant but slippery. It was all Tony could do to stay upright, particularly as he was carrying his shoes and socks in one hand.
Was that relief in Steve's voice?
"Pity. I'd expected him to be waiting on the roof." Even as he spoke, Tony knew he was pushing too hard, that Steve was either going to floor him or walk out, but he couldn't stop himself.
"Without re-writing the laws of physics," Steve said, even as Tony and Jan chanted, in unison:
"He is," Steve said.
"So you were watching. Glad you're keeping up with my awesome adventures – hey, that would make a good title for a comic book, like the ones that used to feature Cap."
"I'm acting as your friend, Tony. Now we're under threat from alien invaders the super-soldier technology is as vital to our defence policy as your weapons, and you're withholding both. There are going to be consequences and I won't be able to protect you."
Tony shook his head. "He smashed through a concrete wall, and, as it happens, the sound barrier. Tiny-Hulk's got far more strength than he should have for his size and mass – it's almost as if he retained all full-size Hulk's power... but that's impossible. On the other hand, the Pym Effect is impossible anyway, and I've gotten used to believing six impossible things before breakfast."
Except he shouldn't be thinking that. Not now. Not yet.
Steve hoped not.
Tony looked at Steve with growing hope.
"Yes, Mom," he said, and nibbled tentatively at the chocolate. Moments later he was wolfing down everything Tony offered, taking huge bites and barely chewing before he swallowed
"If you say so, sir." Fuck it, how had he come to create an AI that was as sarcastic as he was?
"Ahead of you, Dad."
"None of which explains why you're here – why the Avengers are involved," but Storm sounded far less aggressive. "If they are."
Ten seconds more and the final pieces of armour were in place. Tony threw the case into the trunk, slammed it shut, and rose up into the night sky.
Seeing he had been noticed, the chauffeur caught his eye and inclined his head slightly.
"No problem," Jan said, with an airy wave of her hand.
"I don't even know where Stark Air Services is," Steve admitted, as he finger-combed his hair back into place. "Or what it is, come to that. Tony's never mentioned it."
Tony stopped dead. "Pep, fuck it, I've left my phone in the men's room. We'll have to go back."
"We were supposed to meet up," Bruce said. "When we got here the windows of his apartment were dark. Tony armoured up and went to take a look. He broke in and the place exploded. I take it you didn't see anything, Tony?"
But Jarvis wasn't there anymore.
Friend or enemy? His feelings towards the name were such a mixture that he could not isolate most of them.
When Tony woke, he found himself held tightly in Steve's grip, one arm flung over his chest, a leg pinning his thighs to the mattress.
"You wouldn't do that. It was just sex," Tony said. "You wanted it, I wanted it. God, I wanted it. I
The armour encased him then, and he locked the elbows and knee joints so that he would not drop the man in his arms, the man who had also lost everything, and now, because of Tony himself, had probably lost everything twice over.
But was it Danvers? Even if it was, could they trust her? She was an Air Force officer—
And the Hulk vanished, leaving the agents and military alike baffled.
Tony posed with his armoured foot on the body of the huge, bear-like creature that had been rampaging through the Seattle suburbs and tried to ignore the faintly green tinge visible where the light from the midday sun touched its charcoal-grey pelt. Also the information Jarvis was feeding into the HUD, which included a faint trace of modified gamma radiation.
The Doombot pulled off the right hand gauntlet, revealing a skeletal hand covered by what looked too much like pale skin for Tony's peace of mind.
Even with such gloomy thoughts to accompany him, running was preferable  to being in Tony's house without Tony.
As planned, being crushed under Steve's weight drove the air out of the man's chest, air he couldn't regain through his mouth with the gag still in place. It left him breathing desperately quickly, weakening him enough to enable Steve to pull off his wide-legged pants and use them to bind his legs.
"Yes, sir."
"Oh." Steve hesitated. "Was this before or after Tony came back to New York?"
"Unfair. Totally unfair to all males – whether or not they're straight – in the vicinity.""
Tony shrugged. "Bad memories. Obie used to play the previous one that stood here sometimes and Pepper doesn't like modern jazz, which is what I mainly play – used to play."
"So?" Tony glared at Howard.
Tony was regretting his decision to base himself in Malibu. The long flights from New York or Seattle left him with far too much time to think. There was only so much planning he could do, so many calls he could make, so many calculations he could work through with Jarvis, until his mind moved, inevitably, to all his regrets.
Tony closed the faceplate. "I'll be in touch," he said. Then he opened the faceplate again. "Oh, one last thing," he added, trying for Peter Falk as Columbo and just missing. "How the hell did you know I'd be here at this time?"
Steve sighed. "You're not going to let me forget that, are you? Are you sure we can't blame it all on Loki and the Glowing Blue Crystal of Making People Say Stupid Things?"
"Well, that explains why SHIELD were waiting for us here," Clint said wryly. "Nat spoke to her when we were trying to contact you, see if you could aid us in coming in."
"It may be more than a faction," T'Challa said. "An attack on me is more likely to come from your State department. My agents here are working on it, along with the Embassies of our allies, but I have more faith in your computers and your contacts, Stark."
But, despite his exhaustion, sleep would not come to Tony.
"Well, that's a relief. I've been keeping a lid on Hank for what seems like years. He's wild to tell you his latest findings but he can't find you and Jarvis won't help, so now he thinks you've been kidnapped or have taken off in the Iron Man suit somewhere. Jarvis says not, and I don't think he lies directly, so I presume you're with Steve. Probably in his quarters. I have to tell Hank that before he calls the cops or demands we fly to Malibu. So, boys, if you aren't decent I suggest you remedy that in the next few minutes, because we'll be heading your way."
"Yeah, but I ended up on the floor of the workshop having what I thought were hallucinations."
Then Tony's mouth was on his, and everything changed.
Except it was.
"No. It's War Machine. But Jim Rhodes, who pilots it, is in Colorado. He has a pass for next weekend from the Air Force Academy but today he isn't due back until tomorrow. Besides, Tony and Jim would have flown directly into the armoury. Stay here, Steve. Don't get involved." He turned and strode back through the doors, breaking into a run as he headed for the stairs.
he thought savagely at Clea.
However, Natasha lifted a glass half-full of a colourless liquid he suspected was vodka to show him she was fine, and shook her head.
"I'm in the suit," Tony pointed out. "Fastest way to get there, and even you can't cling to the suit all the way across the continent, Cap. We haven't got any other transport – at least, none that wouldn't mean one hell of a delay getting it to you."
Even though there was no one else in the room to hear that innuendo, and Steve was sure Tony did not mean that the way it sounded, he felt heat begin to rise to his face. Carefully not replying to it, he said, "I take it they'd find it difficult to claim they owned Steve Rogers, or have they amended that out of the Bill of Rights?"
Except it did, though he did not know why.
Steve had said nothing. He did, though, have the feeling that Captain America would have willingly offered his blood to the government agency.
It was, Steve realised, more than Tony had said to him.
He could trust Thor. Had to continue trusting Thor because the last time he had done so, it had saved Steve's life.
The odds were that someone – and someone known to him personally, one of his trusted inner circle – was leaking information to SHIELD, and someone or several someones in that collection of spies was promptly passing it on, maybe passing it out wholesale.
"Jarvis, dim the lig—"
"What?"
"Call Dr Foster."
Thanking whatever power was looking out for genius billionaires for that ready-made excuse, Tony said, "Yeah. And because I came close to having to carry you here. And because you were dead a short time ago."
Tony swiped away the Air Traffic Control reports for Kansas and the surrounding states covering the last twelve hours, sending them on to Hank, who was co-ordinating the search for Shuri, and T'Challa who was, in turn, keeping up in between receiving and adding the reports from his own agents and contacts.
The tag team of Stark, Bartowlski and Potts, meanwhile, accelerated negotiations with a number of countries to place manufacturing facilities in what would, effectively, be free port enclaves, in return for access to the new technology. Capitol Hill and the Joint Chiefs called this 'treason' and Stark called it 'good business.' Conspiracy websites suddenly began carrying detailed information about an apparent government attempt to suppress the new Stark green energy technology and linked this with the attempts on the inventor's life. A surprising number of Senators and Congressmen suddenly went on the record in support of Stark Industries, particularly after opinion polls showed a similar opinion amongst the general public.
But they are about to find out just how dangerous a place Wakanda can be, particularly when armour and shield have been left behind in New York.
But, as he continued to struggle, the bonds holding his wrists suddenly gave way.
Steve pulled back to look at Tony. His face was flushed and tear-stained and he should have looked dreadful – perhaps he did, on some non-Steve scale – but Tony wanted to fuck him there and then.
"I fell asleep," Steve grumbled. "Sorry."
But he was asleep before Tony had returned with the refill.
The restraints on Tony fell away, and T'Challa took his arm, hustling him out of the car, across the parking area, through a door into a circular, dimly lit circulation area, and straight, it seemed, into the arms of oncoming warriors.
Jan reached a hand inside her cleavage, pulled out what looked like a rather fat memory stick and tossed it to Tony. "Remember it's probably full of malware and viruses."
"Pirate caper?" Jan asked.
"You and me both," Tony admitted. "There's someone out there who can hold the Hulk captive. And he's not vulnerable to Kryptonite."
He knew now that he was dreaming – a lucid dream they called it nowadays. He tried to steer it back to the certainties of that night at the Barton farm, but the memories of the subsequent reality came sneaking in.
"I just need to stand on my own feet."
Tony gathered his dignity, raised his head and shrugged as casually as he could. "Her loss."
"... I don't care how much is invested in fracking – and that sounds vaguely obscene by the way, which it kinda is, if you think about it – or how deep both parties are in hock to Roxxon Oil; I want those companies in existence and the agreements signed by the end of the month. Your job is to keep the vested interests diverted, not to take their side."
"You mean apart from being Captain America, the leader of the Howling Commandos, field leader of the Avengers, a first class artist, a damn good cook, and my partner and lover? Dad used to say you were the best man he ever met: I guess he had to be right at least once."
Tony nodded.
And this was the worst thing about Asgard: that it had no Tony in it.
But not for long, because Steve said, "No," emphatically.
"Not my people, Jeb."
Tony poked Steve gently in the biceps. "Wake up, Sleeping Beauty. Got a question for you."
Tony sighed. "Yesterday was only the third time I'd seen her in the last year," he pointed out. "She's still one of my best friends but... we never had much more than that."
"About who would want to steal his dead sister's DNA sample," Steve said.
Tony didn't seem to hear him. "When I was herding that nuke towards the portal and I was sure I was gonna die, I called Pepper on her cell and, whaddya know, there's reception in the stratosphere and even the mesosphere. Who knew? But Pepper was too busy watching you being heroic on the TV, being baddass and saving the world, so she didn't pick up. An' today she'd finally gotten around to checking her missed calls an' noticed when I'd called her, and that was fine. She cried on me a bit, then asked me why I didn't leave a message an' y'know I couldn't give her an answer. So I told her I was at a loss for words."
Peering under his lashes, Steve could see Tony's fingers flying over what appeared to be a keyboard made of light projected from his tablet – StarkPad, whatever – even as he continued his conversation with Pepper.
And when, unable to hold off his own orgasm any longer, Tony had rolled urgently to one side to avoid falling on Steve's still-healing back and then lay panting, his mind almost blank, Steve's hand had tentatively reached for his.
Tony's heart had started to beat more quickly. "Oooh. Let me guess, let me guess. Wakanda?
Thor spoke again: "You are safe in Asgard, under the care of the Queen of Asgard, my mother, the Lady Frigga."
"What's what?" Tony didn't appear to expect an answer, because his faceplate dropped down, giving him access to technology that far outstripped Steve's serum-enhanced vision.
"What use is he in Manhattan? That excuse isn't good enough, Stark."
Steve let the huge number of things that he did not understand in that little speech slide. He had more urgent questions. "How did I get here? I... Thor said I died..."
"Bruce... er... definitely did." Banner himself shambled across from the doorway, but the hug he gave Steve was hard and warm. "It's good to see you. Is Tony behaving himself?"
His hand shook as he reached to take the glass, and Steve did not let go until he had it clasped tightly in both hands.
He smiled his best public persona smile. "Stop by at Stark Tower some time and I'll repay you for this lifesaver with even better booze and a long conversation. Right now, though, I have to rescue my CEO from Fury's clutches." He downed the rest of the Bourbon and handed the cup back to the sergeant. "Ciao."
His own arm, reaching for his best friend, seemed to stretch out to infinity and still not reach, still not touch him.
"Is she blackmailing you?" Marilyn asked suddenly.
"You think it might be into space? Another dimension?" Betty asked, her voice shaking just a little, though she was trying to be casual.
Assuming the right hand bar was, indeed a rudder, the—
"So it is too small for
But then there was the memory of Tony relaxing in his arms, sleepy and trusting, as he carried him here, to his own rooms because he was terrified that he would not be allowed to wake up next to him, Tony's arms closing round him the instant he came to bed, with a little mutter of contentment before sleep overtook him—
Tony nodded agreement. "From the Leviathans."
Hank was suddenly serious. "No, apparently you're a highly honoured guest, who can't appear in a suit you've slept in, never mind been wearing inside the Iron Man armour. They wouldn't let you through the door."
Had he died? Had the serum put him into suspended animation again to save him? Thor looked just the same as when they had fought together in Manhattan, but then Thor was an immortal, or near enough—
"I found it," Gene said. "In a chamber of a Makluan temple I thought I had already explored. It isn't Makluan, though. I examined it, but couldn't work out what it was or what it did. So I passed it on to the person who might be able to."
For instance, Steve's real identity. Steven Grant Rogers. Who was the original Captain America.
"That is a greater honour than any I have offered you," T'Challa said. "I accept, with thanks, but, as you say, there is a great deal to do here. And Tony, if I may call you by that name?"
"I am on my one hundred and thirteenth recalibration, sir. Still tracking two hundred and thirty five crocodiles, fifty one elephants, two thousand and—"
Their hands joined on the artefact.
"Not when the portal closed?"
"Why should I?" Pepper asked scornfully. "When we've been together less than half a dozen times in the last two months. When even then you were ... distracted. You never really commit to a relationship, Tony, we both know that."
He broke off, wincing, as the girl kicked the helpless man hard in the balls. "This one," she said. "Though that would have been more fun if he had been conscious."
He almost tripped over the rubble which was all that remained of a lab wall and, perforce, stopped, putting out a hand to keep Tony from tumbling as he heard him stumble.
Well, he had certainly had his cue. "The blinds were up but I couldn't see anything much through the window. Which is why I broke in. I didn't have time to find anything before I was blinded by a super-charged firework."
And Tony, who had been flying by the seat of his pants, suddenly knew exactly how he was going to conduct this conversation. "Fury here," he growled, though he could have shouted it in a falsetto and Jarvis and the synthesiser would have made it sound like Fury at the other end.
"Are you suggesting we're safe here? I'm sure that, if the guys who tried to kidnap Betty were her father's men, he knows where she is. But he doesn't really worry me. The other guys, though – can Tony's defences here really hold against them, if they choose to come in all guns blazing with something like that helicopter-submarine with the ray guns?"
To his surprise, it was Happy's voice that answered. "I'm fine, boss. I'm sorry. I was just sitting in the limo watching for anyone who might ticket me, an' suddenly I couldn't see nothing or hear nothing. Then I guess I must've passed out."
"Oops... sorry."
He reached the rear of the plane's passenger cabin right behind Shuri and Betty who, moving in perfect unison, grabbed the unconscious figure of suit-and-sunglasses by the shoulders and hauled him forward, careless of his legs bumping along the floor.
"He calls himself Thor Odinson, the hammer is called Mjolnir, and he has the powers of the Norse god. He says he comes from Asgard. After what he did, I'm not arguing."
"Well if that is indeed the case – and I believed it to be so – why, when I proposed that she become my wife, did she refuse? In front of the entire council! I have not had time to cultivate women – indeed, it would be dangerous to my position – but you—"
that it sent a throb of desire into his groin; half need, half memory. "It's on the schedule – I have a meeting in Washington," she said, with an air of exasperation.
Steve slid out of bed and padded to the window.
Unable to bear that desolate voice, Tony slid an arm round him, and, instantly, Steve turned in towards him, burying his face in Tony's shoulder.
"Is that all of it? Why we're here? Really? I'm not stupid, Tony. Aren't you going to tell me the rest of it?"
When he finally had eaten enough to take his time experimenting, he discovered he liked his coffee with a spoon of sugar and a dash of cream, and made a note to remember it. At least, he hoped that he'd remember it.
when the hills around where empty of human life.
"No!" Tony shouted, turning to face it. "All of you, get out of here. Run, right now, and keep running."
Tony went willingly, deepening the kiss. When they paused for breath, he said, into the curve of Steve's neck, "Time for a quickie?" He was already reaching for the zip on Steve's fly when his wrist was grasped in a warm, but unbreakable grip.
"No, sir."
For the first time in as long as he could remember, Tony was happy. He was full of sublime food and had managed, all afternoon, to avoid the personal conversation he was dreading. He was driving a supercar convertible with the roof retracted in the Southern California evening sunshine with Steve beside him. Of course, he couldn't open her up, but Steve's awe at the very-nearly-unique car had been sweet. So was the sound of the perfectly-tuned engine.
Perhaps someone had hijacked it, which seemed unlikely because this was almost certainly what these guys were doing—
"They were going to sell his dead body," Jan confirmed, as grim as Tony had ever seen her.
They crashed down through the trees, taking branches with them, but still hit the ground hard. Tony, clutched against Steve's chest, had the breath knocked out of him by the impact. Locked together, they slithered down the slope, bouncing off the rocks and the odd tree, a small landslip accompanying them, until they were brought to an abrupt halt by a live oak. Steve's grip slackened abruptly, and Tony rolled on for a few yards before he could bring himself to a stop.
"Yes, but if I make my way there I cannot hold the storm here and it will sweep inland."
No camera view, no readings from the HUD, yes, the same, but this time there was no Jarvis in his ear, no hissing of servos, no sound but muffled voices and far-away thunder. The armour, immovable, held him fast in its grasp. Weapons systems, repulsors; nothing answered his command.
, Jean's voice said in his mind.
He couldn't breathe. The pain in his chest drove every rational thought from his mind.
"How long?" Steve repeated desperately. "How long was I... dead?"
Fear gripped Tony. Had someone discovered what they were building in Seattle? But LAX?
He forced his eyes open in time to see a Wakandan warrior remove the-watch-that-could-summon the- armour from Tony's wrist and pass it to the White Wolf, who examined it in a way that suggested to Steve that he knew exactly what he was holding.
"I thought I might find you here," she said. "You and Hank are far too alike, but you're much sneakier. Bruce knows, of course – but Steve plainly doesn't understand you as well as I do, though I suspect that won't last long."
Steve found himself grinning, as much with relief as amusement. "Which you're going to pick up?"
"Ah, don't be like that, Fury. You shouldn't hold grudges; it's bad for your digestion."
"Be dead, I think." He took a deep breath, and Tony felt the hands on his shoulders tense. "Tony," Steve said, very carefully. "I don't ... want to spend tonight alone."
But Tony recognised that voice. He had heard it time and time again as he played over the recording of 'his' conversation on Peggy Carter's supposed phone number, and now Jarvis threw a photograph of Peggy Carter up on the HUD.
"You called Hunter – White Wolf? – your brother," Steve said. "But... er... that doesn't seem likely."
Steve suspected that the drug stimulated the nervous system of the leaders of the Panther tribe and destroyed that of those without their genetic quirk. When he voiced this theory, Frigga smiled and said, "Close enough, Captain." He was still not sure whether or not she had been humouring him.
"It didn't. Obviously."
"Undoubtedly," Steve agreed, keeping his face expressionless.
Then suddenly he turned his head away, shoving at Tony's shoulders. "We didn't... oughta be doing this..." he panted.
What he really wanted to do was to put his arms around Steve and hold him – but it became clearer and clearer that Steve didn't want to touch him, dodging away from his outstretched hand.
"Where's that place... what was it?... Oliver's Plot?" Hank asked.
"What vibranium? The only guys who can mine safely it are the locals, and they've bolted. We don't even know how to operate their equipment. It's like nothing we've ever seen before."
he reminded himself, but somehow it didn't really matter.
John Storm's voice called from the aircraft. "Colonel, what's Porky's favourite swear word?"
Steve wasn't so sure. Tony was good at hiding his secrets behind a wall of verbiage. And
Pepper was too angry to notice. "Oh, I should have realised sooner, remembered that you always saw your women as disposable – after all, I threw enough of them out of the Malibu house. Men, though— You flirt with them as well as women and I always wondered about how close you were to Jim—"
"You sure know how to get my staff riled up, Tony. And you know my rules about identifying a customer – even an ex-customer, because I understand Miranda has made it clear they ain't welcome in future – or she would have done if she'd been able to contact them."
As the doors slid open, the squad barrelled out, guns at the ready, going high and low. Hennis was the last out, jerking Tony with him, as red-crew-cut shouted at him to go back.
"I don't suppose you have any contact with your central servers?"
Steve let out the breath, trying to control it so that Tony didn't realise he was doing it. "Was that at the same time as I woke up?"
"I'm calling a truce," Steve said calmly. "We have to talk this out, but not right now. You need your bed, and I'll sleep in that reclining chair of yours, if that's what you really want. God knows it isn't what—" Steve cut himself off as he saw Tony's eyes narrow.
"No choice." Tony's frown lifted in a sudden grin. "I have no control whatsoever over that Trust and the rules under which it operates. If and when legal lets you have access, you can buy me a burger. Meanwhile, we're eating in private and more upmarket. Come on in. We've just got time to shower and change before dinner."
"Not hungry," Steve repeated. "Stay. Please."
"Good idea, sir," Jarvis said. "I can feed their advice into your earpiece, along with my data."
"Something like that," Tony said, evasively. "What's going on, Steve? You don't normally open up about yourself like this."
It was a relief to hand Jan over to the medics, and to leave the explanations to the Wakandan speakers. Though he didn't believe the assurances that Jan "would be healthy", he knew there was nothing he himself could do for her. And the messenger was insisting that he follow.
to the World Security Council – but at least the US had permanent membership of the WSC and it was packed with their allies, so it gave them the illusion of control. So when you made it damn clear that the Avengers were going to be an independent force, financed by private capital but based in New York, practically every politician threw a tantrum."
Steve smiled reassuringly. "Though you may have to get your hotshot lawyers to stop Fury thinking he owns me," he admitted. "Things between us are a little tense right now. I still haven't forgiven him for Phase Two. Or for that prison built for the Hulk. Or for the information he gave me about you."
But he couldn't, of course. They weren't alone.
That was occasionally uncomfortable, but often effective, particularly if he framed his strategy to allow them leeway to employ their own tactics.
"I need to convince everyone.”
And then everything was lost in orgasm.
That sounded ominous.
"Rogers was with Stark, right? My bosses have a use for
For a moment there was no sound except harsh breathing, and Tony didn't know if it was Pepper's or his. That had cut him to the quick, probably because it was true.
Thor? But...
"And out of jail. Yeah, I know. Must keep your schedule free, Dad." Tony flashed a smile at him and accelerated into a jog.
"Sir," Jarvis reported. "That wasn't lightning. It came from the top of the Tendring and Sons Telecommunications Tower, which is three hundred and nineteen yards east of us—"
Then the man put down the mug and looked directly at him. It was not until one of the heavy eyebrows went up in a characteristic gesture that he recognised him.
When it did, the other man's eyebrows were up.
Tony thought, already reaching forward. He hooked his hand behind Steve's head, jerking their mouths together into a ferocious kiss, a clash of lips and tongues and teeth, Steve answering the assault with equal passion, pushing Tony away from the workbench.
"Can I help?" he asked.
And there it was, hanging over the vertical side of a gully. Thor stood below it, water rushing about his knees, supporting the front of the truck with his left hand while lightning leaped from the hammer in his right.
"Not Special Forces, Cap. At least, I don't think so."
"You tell me the temperature you require and the force of the spray, sir, what shower gel or shampoo you require, and when you wish the spray switched on and off. In this case, might I suggest a temperature of 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a medium strength spray working up to strong, with perhaps a half-second cold pulse when you require it? I will make sure that the spray is directed away from your wound."
Tony recognised the silhouette against the constellations easily enough; the four rotors on their frame around the single person cockpit were unique. It was one of the first things he had designed for Stark Industries. Originally built as a low-level military observation aircraft more than twenty years ago, it had become a staple for naturalists, hobbyists and stunt fliers.
"Sure," Tony said, and allowed himself to be hauled to his feet.
Pepper rose from behind her desk and came to greet him. "Steve, thank you for coming. Coffee and danish?”
"None of which explains why the hell you haven't contacted us to tell us Captain-fucking-America was alive and well and in your damn modernist dream house," Clint snarled.
Fury ignored him, his one eye still fixed on the Chitauri transport. "There's an airfield up in New Hampshire. Almost completely disused now. Parts of it are polluted, which makes it unsuitable for building. But you know this because you own it. Your Grandfather built airships in a hangar that's still the largest in civilian hands on US soil."
"With no obligation," Tony said. "Not between
"Even if you were right, you're not Jesus Christ. And if by some unknown miracle you did manage to resurrect the dead, he'd never set foot in my life. However short that might be because I don't think I could survive without you."
"A nerve gas," Steve said from the door, his voice as close to expressionless as it ever got.
"I do not know, sir, but I know the odds that you would be are infinitely greater."
"If it had, Bucky would have been so jealous."
Except, now he came to consider it, he didn't know why he thought that, could not isolate what was wrong, couldn't remember what air normally tasted like.
He was asleep before his exhausted body hit the mattress.
"Fury virtually told you," Bruce replied. "Get you back under SHIELD's control."
"Gladly, forsooth!" Even as he spoke, Tony had his gauntleted hands under the front axle, feet on the ground and braced for what he knew was coming, locking the armour's joints.
Steve shook his head. "I remember nothing except sand and mist, the Professor and Jean."
However, by the time they parked the SUV in the apartment building's private lot, the yellow cab had vanished.
Tony took off in the direction of Stark Tower, everything else forgotten.
Steve's feet pounded in hard sand. Tony had said goodbye three hours ago. He would have been in conference for nearly all of that. He had decided on a morning run northward along the beach, on the principle that he wouldn't miss Tony so much if he was running, and it would allow the housekeeping contractors free access to the Malibu mansion under Jarvis's supervision.
"That's what Stev— It doesn't matter. I can't give him what he wants. Or what you want, Colonel, though in your case it's because I don't know. Unless, of course, this is a fishing expedition on behalf of the military who've finally noticed my weakness for beautiful blondes."
Bruce stared him down. "Painkillers, Tony."
"No problem." Tony was scribbling on the pad. Not just his name, then, but a personal message. He tore the paper from the pad, folded it, and handed it to Parker. "Look after him."
"Already at work on it, sir."
Instantly, automatic fire bracketed the armour. Ricochets sprayed across the room.
"Just remember who buys your servers – and to deploy the Mark 8 on schedule. And don't think you're fooling me, by the way, Cap," Tony added, without looking up.
"SHIELD's trouble," Tony said. "Hank wouldn't like them. They build WMDs and have political masters who use them."
That produced another grin. "They'll have problems finding a candidate because I haven't any descendents."
Tony shook his head. "You can't be that physically intimate with someone you already... care about... without it changing things. It changed things with Pep, believe me. Last night... we were high on adrenaline and relief. You – we – need time to think, to decide if what we have now is enough, or whether we want to... take that risk. Now, go and have a shower, or a bath. Borrow my razor and get rid of the beard."
"You suspect someone flew one of these out on a helicopter? What are you smoking? Because that weed must pack a helluva kick."
"Yes, if you were the people who reported a little green man on local radio."
"No, let him be, Steve," Jan said firmly. "You were right – Jim Rhodes is vulnerable, a career officer who is considered too close to Tony and blamed by some folks at the Pentagon for 'letting' Tony quit the arms industry. The fact that he's also African-American is a... disadvantage... in dealing with some people too. Tony knows all this, and will remember it when he gets control of his temper."
"I know what Fury told me, and what Dad told me and, most importantly, what Captain Rogers told me. I also know that anyone who threatens him is going to have to go through me." He was watching the President closely for any change of expression, any hint that she had been told that Captain Rogers was dead, but saw no sign of surprise.
Tony kissed him gently. "Steve, darling, even when I was your age and building my playboy rep, I didn't have your needs or your stamina. There's no way I can keep up with a twenty-something super-soldier. But I have hands and a mouth and a lot of skill. There may be times when I won't want to do this, but right now, until I'm ready to go again I'm enjoying being able to do it for you."
Tony's mood grew ever more cheerful as he flew home and, by the time he arrived in the armoury he was happy if a little tired. He wanted, urgently, to see Steve but he actually needed to talk to his father first.
Hill sighed. "Not decided yet."
The great head turned towards Clea, ignoring Tony. "Princess of the Dark Dimension, this is none of your concern."
Even as Tony raised his arms in what he was certain would be a vain attempt to protect his head, Steve's left arm curled about his waist while the right wrenched the seat belt from its socket. Then Tony was hauled out of his seat and, still in Steve's grip, he was tumbling through the air; red sky pierced with green, brown and ochre spinning past.
Tony thought quickly.
"Because
?" He stared into her face, seeing nothing but amusement there. "You're joshing me."
did."
"Presents? Your word choice is, as so often, questionable, Tony."
Damn it, when had Tony learned to read him that accurately?
Steve shook his head. "Fury drops by occasionally. I'm pretty sure they keep a watch on me, but it's not usually this overt."
He did not believe – did not want to believe – that Hennis was US military. There had been attempts to test his security since the Loki affair, and maybe some of them had been by the Air Force or the Army, but none had been so blatant or aimed at Captain America rather than his tech – though maybe that was a feint.
He shuddered and lay still, cold and shaking, letting Bucky's hands slip from his.
Damn it, he thought he'd gotten this panic at seeing Tony in deadly danger under control. At least there had been no one present to see, least of all Tony himself.
Tony gave a wonderful impression of a bird whose feathers had been ruffled; neck lifted and chin down, hair seeming to bristle. "I – am – not – kind. Playboys don't do kindness. It's not in the job description."
Instantly, he twisted in the air to hit that glass feet first. It starred and cracked but did not shatter, throwing his feet to one side. Then he was sliding down the fuselage, scrabbling for purchase.
The sword was scabbarded no longer. A long blade flashed out, cutting right through the gun and bisecting the body of the man who held it. As head and shoulders toppled away from the clean cut, the lower half of the body collapsed. Iron Man's jets stopped him in his tracks, as he absently repulsored three of the men who were trying to rush past the warrior while he was busy with the others. Not that they lasted long.
Both of them, however, felt vulnerable as they stood before the noses of what Danvers had told him were C5 Galaxies – which now looked even larger close up.
Tony plastered his best shit-eating media-ready smile on his face and swung round. "Hi, Cap. How's it going for you?" It took an enormous effort to keep that smile in place, because Steve, standing beside the open elevator doors as if he wanted to retreat back into them, looked like hell. Oh, someone who didn't know him might not have noticed, but he was pale with extra lines on his face that weren't laughter lines. He had lost weight – and how was that even possible? His eyes, still that glorious blue, had always seemed sad but were now, frankly, miserable. And a little unfocused. He was also, Tony noted, wearing a pair of thin cotton slacks, sneakers, and a faded blue roll-neck. He carried a stained trench coat over one arm.
Was Rhodey angry because he had not been invited onto the Avengers?
Steve was looking at him with wide and wild eyes. "You... dear God, Tony, who— what are we?"
"Doesn't rule them out," Fury said.
The answering sigh of relief was also engraved on Tony's memory for all time, as was the way Steve had allowed himself to be drawn close. Even in post-orgasm drowsiness, their bodies were a perfect fit.
"Weapons systems back on line," Jarvis told Tony.
"Can we jettison it rather than him?" Steve asked, without inflexion.
"Only in that it has to be returned to Asgard with the Reality Stone."
It was time for the truth. "With my life, Pep? Any and every day. With Stark Industries? Far more than I trust myself. With the ARC and repulsor technology? Under the circumstances – no."
Tony grinned at Steve: "Told you my PR people were good."
Except he had no time to think any further: there was a dull crack, like a high-powered rifle and the floor shuddered and lurched beneath him. Hot air blasted past, sending him to his knees.
Steve did not smile back. He said, very seriously, "About this... about, well, mak— having sex with... someone you... care about changing things. It does. I thought— I thought I could handle whatever you wanted, including forgetting last night if it... hadn't worked out. But I can't forget – can't go back the way we were before."
At eleven fifteen, Jarvis announced that the malware had been removed and the data was accessible, or would have been if it was not encrypted, and Jan announced that she was whacked and was going to bed. Betty followed her.
"Could it summon the Iron Man suit for
"Yeah, yeah, any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic," Tony growled. "And they both kill—"
"Indeed, your absence was noted, sir. A number of people wished to speak to you. As per your instructions, I informed them you had retreated to a monastery—"
"Tony, above us," Steve said urgently.
"The crash was a cover up?"
"Is he okay?"
She turned the same commanding look on her visitors, "And you two, pick up your friend and follow me."
This election year, though, she was trending high on social media, while the polls, though inconsistent, called the result close.
"You'd rattle like a forty-year old Trabant*," Tony replied. He was only just beginning to realise how strange her presence here was. The delay was another effect of shock, he decided, surprised that he was still functioning in anything resembling a  vaguely normal fashion. He couldn't even guess at what Jan's costume was made of, but if Hank could not only master the art of shrinking humans and had somehow got Jan to grow wings during the process, then the material was likely to have some amazing properties.
"Since 1841 hours EST on the ninth. The day you were in Seattle, sir," Jarvis added helpfully.
The work on the conversion of the floors of the tower just below the penthouse to accommodate the (still mainly absent) Avengers proceeded apace with Steve – and Pepper, when available – attempting to put a brake on Tony's wilder and inevitably more expensive ideas.
"Doom's dead," Tony said. "Must be a Doombot. Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference."
The rock – moved.
Tony winced. He'd almost forgotten why they were here. "No, I'm afraid he can't."
He remembered telling Iron Man that he didn't need a doctor or a hospital, that he would recover within hours – an exaggeration, but Stark didn't need to know that – but not much else.
"Steve," Tony said, in warning, suddenly afraid of learning what that strange gun could do. He looked levelly at the Wakandan. "Who are you, masked man? Is this even Wakanda? My previous contacts were far more polite, even when hacking my computers or questioning me in dubious circumstances."
Then the man in black moved closer to Tony and spoke very softly, not in English but in German. "Both of you get into the vehicle – the Hatut Zeraze won't be alarmed. They will think White Wolf is putting me off my guard while you wait for your bodyguard. On the left of the control panel is a recessed black button. When you press it it will active an automatic pilot. You will be flown directly to Dar es Salaam, where you should be safe. There is also a cell phone that will operate there, US passports with appropriate visas, and local currency. I would advise your immediate return to America."
The picture paused, reversed; Steve said, "I'm not so sure."
"Okay, okay," Tony muttered, trying to work out why he felt such unexpected pleasure at having these two men in his kitchen. "Bullies. How did the experiment go, by the way, Bruce?"
"If you say so."
"Okay, okay. Even if the device put you there – and I can't think how or why because I wasn't thinking about you, hadn't thought about Captain America for
Heroically, Tony held his tongue.
"Last time I saw her, she was in SHIELD custody," Tony said defensively. "Though they didn't hold onto her for more than five minutes."
Steve turned, his face lighting up momentarily before it darkened again. "Tony. You're back." He took a deep breath and forced a smile. "Did you have a good time with your girl?"
"Sir." The voice was female and there was something vaguely familiar about it. Probably someone he had met at SHIELD HQ.
"'Appears'? But you were in the suit with him."
"You installed that reactor," Fury pointed out.
"He's my priority," Steve said, then added, even more softly, "I think he always has been."
Steve reached out and grabbed Tony's wrist, intending to pull him down on the bed, but the expression on the other man's face stopped him cold. He said, "Tony. I don't want to be alone here. You don't have to— Please, just stay."
It was also right here that the Black Widow had closed that portal, on his orders.
"Just lucky, I guess. The lover bit, I mean. And we've averted that possibility for now, by turning Sandro. But there's more at stake than the government of the United States, and you know it as well as I do. If, as a last resort, I have to let that fall to save the world, then I will."
Tony frowned at him. "Velasco? As in Velasco and Gorey on
Steve had not expected that answer. "What? How did that happen?"
"No you don't," Steve said. "You need Captain America. And I can't be him anymore. I won't sign the Accords, Tony. I can't, and if you have to wait on the UN to approve your strategy, you're going to lose."
"She would."
"I mean that if I did know I wouldn't tell you. Because that is not your business. Or mine."
Bruce chuckled. "You mean someone other than you?"
"Won't that get you into trouble too?"
The missiles exploded like strings of firecrackers but much, much louder. Even just one would have shattered the creature. As it was, the shock waves flung Iron Man backwards in the middle of a hailstorm of dog-bear flesh mixed with a driving rain of blood.
"Jan dragged him off when we started to technobabble," Tony told him. "Probably wants to tell him what you've found out about the Chitauri tech, and incidentally show off the Pym process."
Apart from colouring, the two women were almost identical.
"I was disguised as Fandral," Steve said, not sure whether he was going to laugh or cry.
"That my phone and bike were bugged, presumably by SHIELD. That we were followed from the Tower, but not all the way to my apartment."
And there was the bright white light of the ARC reactor, reflected in the window, just...
Steve snorted, in an attempt to hold back laughter.
"He fought on my side for the same reason Natasha did – because they knew that, however disagreeable it might be, the Accords were the only way the Avengers could survive. I was right.
And it was a battlefield; an apocalypse painted in scorched black and highlighted in heaped white hail.
The most luxurious of those hotels was directly behind him, had supplied the fine cognac in the balloon glass he was cradling, not to mention Tony's whisky in the cut-glass tumbler that sat on the stone balustrade a few inches from his right hand. The hotel was where Tony was right now, arranging for their evening meal to be delivered to their rooms ... suite? Even that word was inadequate, as Tony had taken possession of the whole top floor. At least at this time of year the hotel hadn't had to eject anyone else to accommodate them.
It was a restricted view but the face was the one he had expected, one which had stared at him from magazine covers and computer screens for the last half a dozen years, but even without the publicity he would have had no trouble recognising the pre-teen who had once sneaked into one of his supercars in the vivacious, twenty-year old brunette.
Jan batted her eyelashes. "I'm sure we can come to an arrangement, Mr...er...?"
"...so, that's the situation," Steve said, having laid out the options in as few and simple words as possible. Tony found himself reluctantly impressed. "The final decision remains mine and Tony's, but—"
With an annoyed mutter he took the eraser to each one, with the profound wish that he could erase his growing fascination with the other man as easily.
In the full light of the huge penthouse windows, Carter was stunningly beautiful in black slacks and white shirt, her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, her skin flawless. The resemblance to Peggy Carter's World War II photographs was striking, particularly as her jaw was set as hard as Steve's own.
"Does that have words?" Steve asked, when the last notes had died away.
Ghostly masts loomed to his right, so he rolled to his left, hoping to miss both the boats and the hotel pier. He just hoped that that meant the water was deep... a few feet at least...
"Let's hope none of the agents is armed with a fly spray or even a folded newspaper," Tony snapped. "Are you monitoring what's happening?"
Whatever his thoughts, Tony's mouth was running on instinct. "You don't tell me what to do, Potts.
"Pepper said so. On this, I trust Pepper absolutely."
But the terrible thing was that he had forgotten about her in Tony's arms, forgotten everything but a new and probably fleeting joy. Perhaps that was what he deserved.
He always knew his father would be the death of him...
That certainly changed Tony's expression. "You're kiddin'—" he protested. "I wouldn't be seen dead... You aren't kidding?"
"Howard! The gun!" Steve held up his hand and the weapon came flying through the air, his hand closing on it as he somersaulted over the robot's blast, twisted in midair, bounced off a car hood and made his final leap towards the green-cloaked robot. Landing on its shoulders, he hooked his feet round its neck, reached around and thrust the barrel of the gun into the right eye slit and pulled the trigger.
Of everything I had anything to do with creating, Vision's the most important."
"Yeah. Well, I need to finish downloading this – so will either Jan or Steve fill me in right now on what the pair of you were up to with Danvers and Storm yesterday?"
Tony said, "Jarvis, is the suit prepped?"
He was in London.
"Captain Rogers – Captain America – whoever he is and whatever he's calling himself—"
"Yes. The hands and the family aren't here right now. I went to open up the cabin and provision it myself. But are you sure you can't stay here with us, Tony? Food's likely to be better, unless your friend Steve here's your personal chef."
"Fury didn't give me much detail. There was an intelligence report of a terrorist arms cache—"
"Setting aside suspicion," Bruce was saying, "what do we actually know?"
"It was after the alien invasion and the Battle of Manhattan that we were contacted again, this time via our own communication systems. Whoever it was was very angry. According to them, Mr Stark, you had gained access to the vibranium we had refused to supply to them – and they were convinced we had supplied that vibranium, however much we might deny it.
The Lady Sif was more enigmatic, and treated Steve with a reserve he put down to his Midgardian status. Her eyes were most often on Thor, whom she regarded with a mixture of exasperation, fondness and respect that reminded Steve uncomfortably of Pepper's attitude to Tony.
"Tony!" Bruce said, more sharply now. "You may need that later. Steve has asked you not to do this, so why are you..."
Neither of them said anything. Steve was breathing harshly, his face turned away from Tony, whose heart was thundering in panic behind the ARC reactor.
The doors opened into the penthouse.
"What the hell is happening?" Danvers demanded, not so much of Steve as the world at large.
But it was too late to abandon the idea. Tony just wasn't built that way.
And they hadn't even been able to snatch a private moment before he had departed to Seattle.
Happy unlocked the trunk, extracted a familiar case and tossed it to Steve, who caught it one handed. Making sure that the limo shielded him from Pepper, Hill and Tony – for vastly different reasons he had no interest in examining too closely – he shed his jacket and shirt just as Happy came to join him carrying a boot case and a large box marked with a red cross.
"If we were interested in safe places, would we have left New York?" Tony snapped.
"What are you looking for?" Rhodes demanded.
"Okay, but there's something I have to deal with – something I saw with Extremis when I was in Fury's office. Could you...?"
Anyhow, Thor had taken off on a personal quest; Bruce and Natasha were sharing a room which left him and Tony with the room one of the kids had vacated.
"And if he demands that you hand me over, or Iron Man?"
"She's still going to be suspicious when he doesn't answer," Jan pointed out helpfully.
