he grabs the towels from the rail. They dry off quickly and hurry to John’s
Sherlock winces at the words. He looks beaten, as if every word was a
He came. This was the most silent way he had ever climaxed. Biting his lip, trying hard not to let any sound escape his mouth. And he had come
“Keep talking to me. What are you doing?“
John tries to take a cautious look at his own life, at what it might be
she is squealing with laughter and she pokes him a few more times for good
unseeing and lets his gaze wander across what has become familiar to him
in the sea, Sherlock comes closer. He kisses him, hard, tangling one hand
run over by a boy on a bike, and he fell on the street. He hit his head
“Well, Sherlock, I — I guess this is — uh…”
“Coming to France with Gemma and me during the summer holidays?”
closely together in the darkness, in their damp clothes, with wet and sandy
streetlamp-lit darkness. Walking down their street, John watches the
He showers afterwards, puts the tap to cold and forces his mind to focus on
John stares at Sherlock, his thoughts are racing, tumbling, falling over.
on the kitchen table.
way. He went through uni like that and he had no lesser ambitions than working for queen and country, for the government. His mental abilities had always
greyness around him.
“God, fuck, Sherlock, yes. I mean.... Sherlock, I was
Sherlock’s uninhibited desire is enough to make John lose his mind.
“No, I’m not surprised. Johnny, a blind man could have seen that. You’re
video, every line of the lyrics. The kid from the video was another boy
my life and just do as you think is right!” His voice rises with every
“Sherlock? Turning cases down? Really?”
he never lets go and vows never to forget to do this when he sucks him in
from the pain of parting with
special to Sherlock.
having to mirror them while dancing in pairs.”
bed. He gets up and takes Sherlock by the hand, and in the darkness,
lips against the nearest patch of Sherlock’s skin. It’s the crook of his
“I know, Mycroft, I know. Thank you. We’d be rather lost without you.”
They carefully avoid the bikes on the grass and try not to make any sound
them look even more real. Clouds gather in the distance, grey and big.
all louder, now that the noises of the day, the laughter and the chatter,
An early Christmas present to all of you who celebrate Christmas. Have a lovely time, everybody. <3
“I’m going to get help, Sherlock,” John says through gritted teeth.
bear any traces of them.
Sherlock turns on his heels, dives around the next corner into a small street. He hears John running behind him, getting closer. (So much fitter than I am.) Around another corner. Sherlock looks back, he can’t see the black car. Fine. There is a garden, one of those private, closed ones, he speeds up and climbs over the wrought-iron fence. John is right beside him, out of breath, but smiling.
He can’t look at her. He takes the mug of tea into his hands, feels it warm
He’s deep down underwater, far away from everything. It’s calm down here,
different. He’s sweating, it’s far too hot already. The sun must be up in
the intense blue of the Atlantic Ocean. Sometimes it feels like a miracle
at himself in the mirror. He looks like shit, still looks ill, thinner
when he’s never been with anyone? John is surprised by the answer that
at him for a heartbeat, takes John’s hand, gently, trembling a little, and
him. We are still waiting for some official to sign a sodding paper before
“Khan? My actor?” John asks, huffing a laugh.
A shadow is moving next to Sherlock’s door, the door opens, there is a
his work. He feels a wave of sentiment, of thankfulness for his strangely
stroke of fate this song might tell him something, anything that would make
He doesn’t need to look back to know that Sherlock’s following him. He
clouds have come closer, but in between, the stars are twinkling. They’re
“I think we’ve had Chinese.”
with them the first few times, when they barely knew how to talk to each
army doctor, though.
spends long minutes watching the carpet. When he manages to turn, slow with
“I’d say she looks quite good. We should rule out a concussion and it’s
the Midnight Eucharist. He shakes Sherlock’s hand, excuses himself and
He needs them for back-up. He will need it today, definitely.
left,” he commands, low enough not to be louder than the music.
Leicester Square is buzzing with people. A general noise of laughter and
Sherlock is still swimming, but he’s going a little slower now and
“God, Sherlock. It has taken me a while to figure things out. But... yeah.
and she talk a few more minutes about the details of the purchase. When
window, staring firmly at the birch tree in the front garden. Its leaves
thoroughly.
him, his erection flushed against his belly and his legs spread to let John
understands and starts to stroke his hole, caressing and massaging it until
“I—” He drops his arm, fingers drumming into thin air for a moment. “I
John presses a kiss to his wet curls. He knows they shouldn’t stay here for
explode with tension.
crowding the dance floor now, and for a while Sherlock can’t see John at
good, but it’s mainly meant to hide the fact that would be two inches too
follows Eddie, waving a “See you later, John.”
smiling at him. And he is still holding his hand.
“Help yourselves,” John’s mum says, holding out the plate to Sherlock. He
“No. I considered it an option that your father might be homophobic, but I
afraid of failing at this, whatever it was that they had had. He had been
Sherlock took that shit?
Sherlock cracks, and breaks down in his arms. His whole body starts to
crisp suit. He even carries an umbrella in spite of the warm summer
Well. I sometimes feel like I’m still a father. Even though there’s no child.”
When he’s finished eating the chips Harry and Gemma have bought at the
“We’re alone,” John whispers.
“Where do you want me to look?”
in the fire. His lips, that seem to pull John towards him magnetically. His
hours. There’s nothing you can do right now.”
turmoil inside him.
Sherlock is more than a bit uncomfortable with this, usually John doesn’t talk about these things. Is he supposed to say something? Offer help? Pat his back? Why doesn’t Mycroft pop out of thin air for once? Even the most stupid thing his brother could want from him would be a nice distraction now. He looks at his phone. No text from Lestrade. What is even the use of all these people.
lopsidedly. John laughs, and leans in to kiss him.
takes a deep breath.
He sucks John hard and quickly. John can hear every stroke of his tongue,
known what an appropriate good-bye should be, now.
Waiting outside in the narrow aisle is Sherlock. Ruffled curls, tired green
He stares down at himself, at his feet on the grey kitchen tiles instead of
forced to act upon that, John was glad that someone else made a decision for him and put an end to that farce. And after a while, sometime between moving
fucking relieved. He plunges forward and kisses Sherlock, feeling his
“Course,” Sherlock replies. “See you.”
John thinks. Watching these screens feels like one of those camcorder
“No. She’s not dull, either. Neither of them are. Harry is quite likeable, actually.“
some intrigue behind the stage, in which all five people found dead were entangled in. You blamed them for the end of your career and over the years, this
trees and palm trees in an English park.
He can’t stop thinking of Sherlock the whole way; he hears his voice, his
to sound like Captain Watson who is used to stress and waiting and danger.
feeling he might know the answer, a hope. He has to know, though.
“Knew it. Next to her work for a couple of magazines she has a successful side business with not-so-normal nude photography.“
then even less. Sherlock’s cigarette is almost down to the filter. He
clearly racing ahead already.
John can’t quite picture hugging Mycroft, but, to be honest, that gesture
to focus on his homework. His classmates are right to complain, they’re
I’ll… I’ll stay with you,
later, he had felt two fingers pushing against,
“Of course I’d have liked to see it,” Sherlock says indignantly. “But as I
thick grey shreds, and the sun draws circles of tired autumn light on the
wanted to get away from James and everything.
and spiraling downwards at dizzying speed. It’s both him and Sherlock in
“I love you, Sherlock,” John whispers. The silence of the night swallows
that is about to set, bathing the restless waves in orange light.
John opens his eyes, just a fraction. It’s too fucking early, and too
God, this can’t be true. He can’t be falling in love with Sherlock.
Impossible.”
well.”
“God, then let’s do this.”
rugby team by then. John never dared to take this away from the changing room. He wanted it, whatever it was, he wanted Rob, but he was absolutely not sure
with pain. Sherlock’s hand is a warm weight on his chest.
For the ride home, they have taken the car John had been given when they
beautiful, all slender and lean muscles.
Harry wants to embrace him, already taking a step towards him. But
his hard cock under the fabric. It never fails to make his breath hitch,
in the mean time. The room is thrumming with silence.
“Happy New Year,” Sherlock whispers against John’s cheek when they finally
whispers Sherlock’s name, not louder than the waves rolling in down at the
“There’s
“Yeah. I helped them move right after we… got back. And then I stayed with
Despite all his sleeping, John felt groggy. After he had taken his luggage upstairs, he sat on his bed, looking out of the window. He fought the impulse to
John thought
The microscope is gone now, and John helps Sherlock lay the table. He has a
When the credits have stopped rolling, when the lights are back on and most
muscles, his heart, pulsing through his carotid artery. He closes his eyes
But going abroad for several months or even years has lost its appeal. It’s
touch him. Sherlock’s skin is reddened and slick with sweat, almost surreal
“Sherlock!”
“Things exploded… and there were bodies and fire. So many people dead.”
that had been shaking, his eyes had been glistening with unshed tears. He
“God, yes…” John’s voice has gone hoarse. Sherlock’s hands feel glorious,
yet, it still takes him a while to calm his thoughts.
than he was before, and all his thinking was completely useless. He huffs a
John just watches him, how he brushes that curl from his face, slightly
having to let go of each other, for now. Is this how Sherlock will suffer
left side of his face, it is just him. Sherlock.
that were thrown off the shelves. It takes him a few moments to climb over them in silence. No sign of Jonathan Miller.
“She is.”
“I have no idea.” Sherlock stops in front of the map. “I need more data.”
to bed.
on the train — and even if Sherlock has dumped it, John is sure he’ll find
John tears his gaze away from the photographs. There’s a cold knot in his
is still there, lingering in her head and thudding. Then the
The boy stares at the city at the cathedral’s feet. His backpack is slumped
Inhale. Exhale.
“Yes. Mycroft read
John looks at Sherlock in the blue-grey twilight of the tent. He meets his
Christmas. This is what he
John chuckles.
Sherlock’s hand for a heartbeat. It’s fucking exciting to do this, with all
They have some more wine, and it feels to John as if he’s drinking in the
The music played. Another happy song, people were dancing and singing along. John had left the dance floor, padding Mary on her back and saying, „Just need
“Yes. It’s amazing.”
The boy comes back from the bar, carrying two glasses of red wine.
down John’s back to his ass. The jeans and woollen jumpers haven’t prepared Sherlock for how muscular and firm John’s cheeks are. Even though he didn’t
his head, slowly digging into his curls as he had intensified the kiss. He
how far he has made it in such a short span of time.”
“Oh.”
Harry squeezes his hand and smiles at him, her grey eyes sparkling.
been through since they came back from France. John feels not only his own
glittering with a hint of a challenge, directed at John.
drunk.”
“Hey, you can’t sleep here, John,” Sherlock says as John closes his eyes.
Sherlock is silent. John feels his eyes no longer resting on him.
most important facts. It feels like being briefed before a mission during
the fuck did you take extasy?”
It is way past midnight when Greg gets up, yawning.
He hugs her back, hesitantly at first and then he holds her tight, suddenly
strikes, harder.
on all fours and takes John’s cock into his mouth.
Heady with lust, he wasn’t strong enough to cut himself off from the man he
It takes Sherlock a moment until he is fully awake. He sits up straight and carefully, slowly withdraws his hand from John’s shoulder - maybe he just hasn’t notice, has he -, runs his fingers through his hair and glimpses through the living room windows, but he can’t tell the time. He gets up, stumbles a bit and gets his phone out of his pocket.
he muses), remembering
scent of Sherlock’s t-shirt, of his skin and deodorant and the smoke of the
erratic shudders when John brushes against his prostate. The air is filled
, lingering. He felt guilty for just
It’s Elio Sherlock spots first, his dark hair and, tangled in it, large,
John swallows.
the boy’s ragged breathing, feel the tension in lurking in his stomach.
“Very good. Please make sure my brother and I won’t be disturbed until the
last day before the holidays. That place will be
his heart instead. Still, he feels oddly
Sherlock looks at him, and smiles in an almost shy manner.
“Ah, thanks. Let me see.“
Before John could ask any further questions, Sherlock lay down and switched off the lamp on his nightstand. John looked at his book without reading for a
already musty, and so fucking out of place here. None of this belongs here.
even their hearts are beating at exactly the same time, in the same rhythm.
will fall into step with him, as he always does. He will be slow, at first.
John crawls out backwards, getting his
He’s got one thousand fucking questions —
“Sure,” John replies. Now it’s the intimacy of smoking that he longs for,
For a fleeting moment John imagines sending Sherlock that picture in a few
Sherlock could be right under John’s skin, even inside his heart and he
“Mycroft had infiltrated the leading ranks. He needed me back here in London. Lord Moran, the underground network. You know the rest.“
Sherlock’s body, by his warm blood pulsing through myriads of fine blood
can’t connect the bits of information, he can’t solve the puzzle, he can’t
John thinks. “So… what did he say?”
all summer. Gemma knows this camping site on the Atlantic coast. It’s
Neither of them say anything else in a long time. Eventually, Gemma comes
things John had thought simply are what girls do. Girls. Friends.
your shoulder, you tall git.”
works.
more slowly, “It really was.”
fingertips. Almost like human skin. He brought it to his lips, inhaled the
had to make that choice. He weighs the options as well as he can, tired and
of sunlight between the dancing twigs of the pines. They find two new
just whispers, “Sherlock,” against his temple, “
although it hasn’t solved much.
used to the idea of leaving the house he grew up in.
inside him. He lets himself be captured by John’s mouth.
John has the impression that Sherlock is – exactly like he does himself – testing out how to act in public. They brush their hands a lot more often when
head for a kiss. Sherlock bows down and brushes his lips against John’s,
“C’mon,” Harry says after the announcement of Victoria Station, “we’ve got
So this was the actual home coming. The day they came back from Scotland John entered Sherlock’s bedroom for the first time after moving back in. It felt…
hadn’t stopped.
John.
He has always assumed that the time when Sherlock had taken drugs regularly
coating, of sun cream and seawater.
Nothing else happens. He goes back to reading.
“Do you want to go on like that? Taking drugs whenever you’re out of your
the duvet. John blinks, still seeing the shape against his closed eyelids.
He’s vibrating, he’s fucking charged with everything.
He hears Sherlock snort, it might be a laugh. It takes him a while to relax. He listens to Sherlock’s calm breathing and his whispered corrections of the outdated science book. Eventually his eyelids get heavy and he drifts off to sleep.
from the chair and is being pulled into a kiss that doesn’t resemble this
shading his eyes with his right hand from the sun, red and fiery on the
John watches Sherlock as he stares into the sky. He’s lost in thought once
from his fingers, and puts it between John’s lips.
a drink and listened to him. John, who — miraculously — had trusted
“John, if the muscle tissue in her heart looked the same – how would that affect her physical condition?“
“God, Sherlock, you alright?”
for his touches and while they are kissing, his certainty about
able to function after Redbeard’s death - fuck, he hadn’t been able to
“Yes. Yes I am, Sherlock. It’s still on my mind a lot. But I am. And you?”
balance, pulling Sherlock with him. Sherlock is as hungry for John’s touch
their tents. He’s wearing his short jeans again, and it’s getting warm, so
And it wouldn’t, not for a very long time, not before John finished school,
is the same size as him, and she has the same dark blond hair. Sometimes
Sherlock even shows John a simple turn. Slowly, they get used to dancing
John bows down, kisses his neck. Murmurs things into Sherlock’s ear in
boxers are still damp up at the waistband where the rain seeped through his
He glances at Harry, meeting her eyes for a fraction of a second, then
from inside the tent. With the cloudy sky and the hesitantly rising sun,
“Yeah?”
watches him spreading it; Sherlock’s body is becoming familiar to him so
mouth, trying to stifle a moan.
John takes Sherlock’s hand. He wants to take him to bed, and tries to work
spite of his sadness, he’s fucking glad to see her.
intend to put you
Sherlock huffs and counters, “Nice try, but the girl is
Sherlock’s eyes. John blushes and can’t believe he is actually blushing —
carries on. “And we bought tons of tasty food for you and your skinny
when he climbs into bed later. He’s still drunk. He still misses Sherlock
Sherlock hears John sliding down, his back against the cabinet. With a soft
if John doesn’t have any faith that they will last.
say. “I knew from the very beginning that you were…” - he is searching for
James. It was such a mess. Such a bloody mess.”
“Where are you from then?” John asks after another sip of beer.
“Your mum asked me to do that. And, well, I didn’t mind, because - I am
stressed, despite the amount of hours he is working. The more John meant to
stir it too much, it might let him move without punishment.
Sherlock’s breath is warm on his neck, against his ear, hard and fast, just
“Sherlock, you have been
good idea. He doesn’t know how Sherlock would react. If he really is the right person to ask this from. But for once in his life, he puts his worries aside
shrugs his shoulders and says something. Sherlock can’t hear it over the
kitchen, as if she needed to get used to the sound of his voice or to his
under him, loves the way it eventually gives away his arousal and the
Sherlock is still fucking him, his skin flushed with arousal and faintly
With the most amazing man at his side to face it. A man that brought out
across the dune. He wants to think of Sherlock as well as he wants to
Once they’re upstairs, they barely manage to close John’s bedroom door
if it will only be on the train. It’s going to be a fucking long ride
those fancy discmans and headphones with his other hand. John looks at his
unanswered questions about his future, he dares to be a little optimistic.
that look like piano lessons since age five.
had fallen into a pattern there. And he had completely ignored that Mycroft
He touches John’s cheek and John closes his eyes, exhaling a shivering breath. Sherlock moves closer to him and John feels his warm, soft lips touch his
will take them.
John takes a deep breath to fight the sensation before it overwhelms him
process. In the end, we kept the house, mum and dad still were the owners.
“You miss him.“
and then red again as he eases the grip.
white that will dissolve into nothing as the sun gains strength and claims
Sherlock is hugging her, taking in her presence, her scent, her weight
just told John.
tonight?”
Sherlock, tasting his hoarse moans on his tongue. Sherlock kisses back,
can’t remember when water has ever tasted so good.
“You remember what I told you about… Sholto?” John asks with a heavy sigh.
finally talking.
“Why did he leave?”
“In fact, I do. A—” the boy hesitates, “friend of mine was playing poker in
place. And even though they aren’t as shaken as they were that morning, the weight of Sherlock’s revelation still lingers. As do Mycroft’s words. They make
“Move, John. Just a bit.”
forced him to admit something he couldn’t put into words.
built in Britain, and none of them at Bletchley Park.”)
before he moved out.
that night’s panic wells up inside him. Now, it mixes with a new, unknown
John licks another teasing kiss into Sherlock’s mouth. Then he puts one of
put slices of bread on the plate with her small, familiar hands. “He also
“He has been staying over a couple of times, when we decided to go through
John’s ear that he can feel Sherlock’s warm breath on his neck.
Fuck.
“Come here. Kiss me.”
arm. His left hand, however, was lying in front of him.
do friends.
got a daughter now. I can’t go back to my life the way it was before.”
“Realizing how much you had suffered while I was dead, I tried to make up
“It would have to be palace.”
“Swim for a bit?”
Sherlock’s almost out of earshot. John lets him go. Maybe it’s what he
throat.
John stares at the pattern of the duvet’s coverlet, then at Sherlock’s
And he’s sad, always sad. Sorrow is a constant cold knot in his chest that
next to the fire. Eddie is whispering something into his girl’s ear, with
voice. John wants to get drunk on this sound.
back is a long one, and the walk from the shore to their towels feels long,
jam. He cleans her up, helps her dress. Not even two and she already wants
would collapse into a fit of bad mood at some point. Surely the sugar high
could he not understand it?
dip of his navel. He laughs to himself at the sheer fucking beauty of it,
headmaster’s office. Absolutely tedious.
“Hello, Mycroft,” Sherlock says, already sounding exasperated. John holds
They’re naked in the sea, and they’re kissing.
He’s just about to ask Sherlock to dance with him, when voices from further
Their mum looks up, alert even though the day’s weariness is written in the
and John’s heart skips a beat at this thought
She talked to me. She was amazing, mum, really.” He briefly meets her eyes,
John’s lungs squeeze in surprise and suddenly, he has to fight to keep his
Saying this out loud makes it feel bigger. John’s never put it like this,
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock woke up and switched on the light on the nightstand. He fetched another paracetamol and a glass of water and handed it to John.
whether you’re right. I’m such crap at this.“
“Hello John. Nice to see you again. How are you doing?”
Sherlock’s back and tries to focus on the freedom they’ve got here, on all
pulls his grey rugby hoodie out of his backpack.
hits his face, making him wish it was the wind on his bench above the
threatening suffocate him, to drown him. They’re just fucking making sure
he has to laugh.
Mycroft’s steps in the hallway. The sight of Sherlock is weirdly comforting
she’s with Harry. Gemma is a just a bit taller than him, and very slender.
listening to music on his discman and smoking, lost to the world. John
comparatively ordinary people.
cock pressing lightly against Sherlock’s body, but then, he always is when
who’s never been in love — that he’s somehow chosen
“Oh. Did you?”
James sighs, and finally turns to leave. Eddie and John follow him.
John realises that his voice is rising with his despair to hear Sherlock’s
— sounds pathetic.
Someone had called the police - thank God! - and for some reason,
hands it to John.
in their strokes by now. The sun hangs low above the sea. It colours the
John’s mouth twists into a defiant, proud smile. He turns to the things
After investigating the stately house that had been broken into and endless
He has no idea if right now, Sherlock knows what he’s thinking about. But
“I read the papers. In 1989, a young kid — champion swimmer — came up to
When John returns from the sinks at the shower house, Sherlock is back,
than ever. But sometimes there is something
than his. The mouthpiece of the snorkle feels strange and huge in his
“You sure?“
should know by now.
army days, he has had his share of strategy briefings. But being forced to
muscles had suddenly decreased enormously. But even then it wouldn’t decompose so quickly.“
“Tell him I will be in London within the hour.”
called it
John kept on sleeping in Sherlock's bedroom. They didn't touch – that one fever night had been a bit of an exception. Which was ok. Only when John woke
“Don’t look at your feet.”
only is on the weekends when she doesn’t have to work mornings. It’s her
sigh, he presses his hand to John’s chest, to the spot right above his
voice, not meeting his eyes, “
They laugh, both of them, at the jokes Harry cracks, at the stories from
her well, even though she must have been working at there for quite some time then.
against John, kissing John’s neck and sucking it hard enough to leave
better than John ever would have imagined.
He moved faster, cock sheathed in the peach, making wet, slurping sounds
pain in Mycroft’s voice. For some odd reason, the way Mycroft sounds is
get off while watching him. John has never seen anything this arousing before, and he isn’t sure how long he will be able to witness his lover doing this
cigarette.
People had called him freak, he had known that. And now he had been a freak
sky with pink and orange. Before it will shine with blazing brightness,
whatever life has in store.
different washing powder, of a different flat. Like a stranger coming for a
texts. Of course he knew that if really anything should happen, Reid would
comes back. He walks down the aisle between the seats far too quickly. In
the house is — his dad.
John gave in reluctantly and tried to get up. Sherlock supported him and guided him to his own bedroom. A low fire was burning in the fireplace. Sherlock
him, all of them; when all he wants is to hide and —
Angelo was happy to see them and gave them Sherlock’s preferred table. He glimpsed at John and Sherlock cautiously as he lit the candle on the table.
“I’m not leaving you alone, Sherlock,” John replies, taken aback by the
John has a feeling that it will drive him mad with want at some point.
medical treatment of some kind, and these are bad enough, in most cases. It was also different in the army. The men wounded and scarred there knew what
divorced. And he’s never been on a holiday without his parents. It’s about
find some warmth and comfort inside, and thinks of last night.
reveals the cut on Sherlock’s forehead and John has a look at the neat
hands Sherlock walks quickly, understanding exactly what John wants.
“Yes, lead. One partner usually leads, the other one follows. Traditionally
is different here, feels different. He’s glad that he can escape his life
Instead he was dealing with what felt like a particularly bad version of
The small space between them, small enough to touch, to hear each other
subconscious.
say goodbye and how he failed to say the things that were important.
again.
, John...“
„Something to drink would be nice. And Christ, I'm hungry. The last thing I've had was lunch at the clinic yesterday.“
ice lolly. He can’t shake
weren’t there earlier, or were they? In the end, he goes back to beach and
belly. He’s radiating happiness, he looks as if he was bloody pleased with
there, in his mind palace, always waiting for a walk and a cuddle and never
composed of everything the Eastern European underworld has to offer,”
With a sigh, Sherlock drags himself to standing and picks up both his
John tries to read, but still he can’t quite focus on the novel. Sherlock
John is still quiet with tiredness when Bill enters his room later.
closer. He turns around and finds Sherlock still naked, dripping with warm
about.. me, wanting him. Really wanting him. But he wouldn’t hear me. He
experiment and I already knew what my parents looked like when they woke
Seven months after Sherlock's death, he woke from a dream that felt so real it took him a few moments to figure out where he was. In this dream, he hadn't
stop, taking John’s lower lip between his. John’s lips are warm and tender.
notices the heavy backpack next to Sherlock’s chair, and that his hair is
Sherlock laughs again, a small intimate noise, then turns to John. “I
The faintest pink tints Sherlock’s cheeks. John wonders why Sherlock
cigarette between his lips in a way that makes John wonder if Sherlock can
their heads. The tired green grass and heavy brown mud sticks to their
had it built in three weeks after John had moved into 221B. After Sherlock,
What’s wrong? John wonders.
away. He squeezes Harry’s hand, not waiting for her to look up at him with
swallow.
group. On the one hand, he can’t wait until Novak starts his mission and
collapsed, tumbled down into nothing but rubble and dust. And they were
John watches Sherlock lose it all. He watches Sherlock pushing his fist up
away from Sherlock.
got turned on over nothing, that he’s making a complete fool of himself.
compassion. Suddenly he has the impression that he’s only just now
Sherlock.
“Yes, I — I guess so? I mean, he’s taller than me.” John clears his throat,
breath, exhausted, close to tears.
with embarrassment.
John would choose the shower first.
breath he takes. His gaze involuntarily drifts from John’s eyes to his
stuffed in last: a bottle of water; a crumpled paper bag containing a
“Not her type, Victor. Aarush. And she might even keep him for a while.
All seem to say,
“I've made soup. Hungry?“
Sherlock is still watching him.
street fades into a path; patches of weeds between grey stones under the
stands at the window, next to Sherlock.
glass. The day they arrived at the campsite, Harry came here to call their
suffering.
John feels a bit odd formally shaking Eddie’s hand while he’s bare-chested
“Yes. We need to.”
simultaneously hides your own fucking confusion and fascination with the
But Sherlock shakes his head, not even looking up.
John smiles. “You’re happy then?”
fingertips. He would gently graze his balls. And then… speed up a bit. Touch him more firmly, leave him panting hard.
she hit the ground next to the kitchen door, it
asks, “When did you realise that you’re into both girls and boys?”
are getting wet. He goes up on tiptoe and kisses Sherlock fiercely.
as he’s done, even lifts the sleeping mat to check if there’s something
successor, he needed her insider information. He needed to exploit the
was that?”
cock so slowly.
life has become
ashore from the depths of his memories…
.” Quick huffs of
lopsided smile as well.
Holmes got more and more fed up with it). And wherever Sherlock went, there went Redbeard. When he started taking violin lessons, Redbeard was his audience
The next few days resemble this one a lot. They stay in the flat almost all the time. John does indeed sleep a lot and while he does, Sherlock works on his
the warm afternoon air like an cold gush of winter wind.
They slip back into their former position, John lying on top of Sherlock,
When John speaks again after a while, when Matilda’s eyes have fluttered
John takes a deep breath and then he goes on, “It was you. You had given me
, John. Crime.” Sherlock brushes a curl from his
radio. The hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck raise at the sound of it.
though he had known that he had loved Sherlock for a couple of months by now, the idea of having sex with him had never really crossed his mind. There had
against ribcages. There is no sound except for the rain, for their laboured
white skin showing when he moves. John glances at it, and it feels like the
starts to thrust into John’s fist, and now it’s John who moans helplessly
thought, even faster than it started a few moments ago. He listens to
Sherlock thinks and feels unspeakably sad, understanding John’s sorrow to a
affection.
breathless and sweaty from rushing up the path. A bit drunk, and wanting
leans against John. He can’t stop when Sherlock lets his head rest against
searching for Sherlock’s Pink Floyd t-shirt. He holds it, clings to it like
“But I guess we need to clean this up before I tell you more about it. – No, John, you stay right here. I am supposed to make sure you spend most of the
directed at him and in spite of having had his fair share of angry COs
hole, the more he had felt his cock getting heavy, the more he had got
Sherlock tries his best to sound mock-innocent, teasing him.
weariness, seeping deeply into Sherlock’s body. He stands on the gallery,
Mycroft in London, trying to take down a large-scale criminal. He tells
“John!“
breaking the thin new skin that has just started to cover the bare flesh.
“Ah, shit — it’s my brother’s birthday on Monday and promised I’d be here.
gesture with his hand. It looks frustrated, tired, as if the words he finds
As John comes closer and they look at each other again, John almost holds
“Ah. Ok. So… shower?”
kissed him, not understanding that he was falling indeed, falling in love.
Sherlock shows up only moments later. He’s showered, and his skin looks the
between his lips, playing with it like a cigarette.
a thousand thoughts crashing into his mind. He feels Sherlock’s eyes
have been. Maybe little thinking at all, and just
just—”
“Hey, Sherlock.”
mum coming home — she takes off her shoes and carries rustling bags of
Margaret sighs. “Sherlock has always been special in so many ways. And ever
“Split up,” John says, almost voicelessly. His head is a too-heavy weight
mouth, feeling Sherlock’s gaze rest on him. He stops and drinks from the
reading. He’s looking at the sea, its colours even more intense through his
doesn’t even hesitate before he pulls down John’s pants and takes them off,
This is how Sherlock saw him; and if John would have to pick a version of
finish the cigarette in silence, and then they just sit there.
of the morning he found him here, the morning after he took extasy. Sadness
from her idiot friends. I made her watch the telly with me every bloody
even have a look. “I think he might have.”
words, but his voice fails him, and he whispers, “he said it was over.” He
like that for a long moment, swaying a little while they hug, until she
himself—
It’s all still there.
“Bisexual — I think I’m bisexual,” the army doctor blurts out. “God, I’ve
body, his dark-brown curls. He has to think of the freckles on his
Sherlock just stands there, letting John kiss him and marvelling at the
loved back. He held him and then stroked Sherlock’s body, his cock, until
he might be capable of feeling for Sherlock. How much he might want him. It
Dad and pa would make jokes then, about pa having to finish his toast
evidence of everything he shared with Sherlock.
for, though.”
but Sherlock doesn’t say anything. It seems to make him
John, amongst other things.
his face just before John pulls him closer and kisses him.
John glances at Sherlock. The way he holds his head, the defiance in his
looks at Sherlock. There is something unguarded in the way he looks.
What difference would that make,” he says, trying to play it lightly.
and what they’ve used to cut it. Maybe three or four hours, but I’m really,
John’s wedding.
felt himself into his touch.
former men around him, trying to fill the gap Moriarty left.”
People he knew and liked, even. Still this feels so unreal –
Sherlock is thinking, puzzling things together in his mind.
as well as irritability, difficulty in concentration. John had shaken his
throughout the day and probably at the pub at night.
“Breathe,” Sherlock whispers into the night.
And that had been the end of it, that time. John already knows that there
He sounds more and more venomous towards the end, and his last words are
John wants to contradict, but somehow he doesn’t know what to say and before he can figure out a good reply, Greg interrupts his thoughts.
“Yes.”
After only a few moments, Sherlock slips his finger out and slowly pushes
jeans. It’s just a short flash of colour — the vast blue of the sky and the
“Be right back,” Sherlock mumbles, and walks up the street and out of
cause any discomfort or pain. It has to feel every bit as amazing for
He slows down, threads his hands into Sherlock’s curls and kisses him more
the light buzz of a drink.
But they have to get up, they have to get dressed, take down the fucking
to, at least. And — I’d already used when I’d been at Mycroft’s a few weeks
Sherlock puts the paper on the low table and gets up from his chair. He has
the sand, and his fingers that are fidgeting with a pack of blue
shower house when he meets him, John’s hair is still wet, his skin scrubbed
John isn’t sure what Sherlock wants or needs right now. But when he comes downstairs from putting Matilda to bed, Sherlock makes it quite clear that he wants
at the very least. Sherlock was still with him, every day and everywhere he went. It had shifted from feeling haunted by his memories with every tiny thing
“Well, he does have a beautiful arse,” Sherlock states a few scenes later.
finished chewing.
Moriarty’s network. Once it had become clear that there was a new network
But for now he just says, “That book actually is a disaster.”
sitting on the steel floor for too long a time without moving. He turns to
at home on his laptop and swallowing hard
It should be contagious and
founded in 1990 in the US—” Sherlock sets out to explain with a hint of
Mycroft sighs.
monitored.”
was his turn to make dinner and make sure we did our homework and went to
watching Sherlock dance from so close. It’s a fucking marvel, and John
put into words, if he can say it out loud, here, in a small shop on a
Being back at Baker Street is an improvement, to say the very least. Sherlock was at the house in the suburbs as often as he could. But it is something
“Are you Dr John Watson?”
much.
adoration into the shell of his ear. Wrapping a hand around his own cock,
clipped. “ANFO,” he finally says.
“And he
away from 221b for a while instead of catching up immediately on what had
“You’re not going to die, love.”
hips. And John — John keeps finding new spots to hold on to Sherlock. He
John runs his fingers across the edges of the photographs in his pocket,
drink; he’s thirsty as hell. Water, he tells himself, is in the bathroom.
“And now?” John asks. “Do you— do you still use?”
focusing on finding the right way.
He’s up on his feet in an instant, almost bumping into Sherlock, and hating
I told him you weren’t, and he went silent.
swallow.
John stops dead and stares at his hand, cramped into a fist. Fuck.
only allowed himself to have when he’d been truly, badly drunk. Too drunk.
“How about having a shower?” John asks once they’re finished. He stretches,
into any danger. This sometimes had happened, but in most cases he had got
the equation, things started to make some more sense. With Sherlock proven
warm and bathed in bliss.
John breathes out through his nose, a long, soft sound, reminding him of
sleepover at her nan’s and grandpa’s on the last night in Sussex. Margaret
anymore. He almost steps on Sherlock’s feet and keeps looking down.
of his fingers and from the tip of his tongue to Sherlock.
way, too.
and unheard of. They turn, and push their feet into the soft ground to swim
misses the warmth in Sherlock’s voice. That faint substitute for closeness.
after what feels like two hours of lying in the darkness, still crying long
med school, or how to carry on with his relationship if he really joins the
John’s, noses touching. John closes his eyes and just feels him.
“John, what the fuck? What’s going on?”
reply to her question, pretending it’s purely rhetorical.
ask Sherlock when they will see each other again, he wants to tell him that
“And bethides… I don't want to get into a cold bed. Go warm it up,” Sherlock added, sounding slightly demanding and very drunk.
hanging out at the beach, lying in the sand in front of the tents,
On top of it all, Christmas is approaching. And as much as Sherlock tries
manipulate his mum and Harry and him by not selling the house. For making
to himself and his own dad. He sees a quiet understanding between Gemma and
opening casts a blue-white gleam on his face. He pictures John’s face —
as they’re carrying them. In the cool water the Sherlock’s body feels even
His dad — John exhales. What else can he say about him?
bows down and draws him into a long kiss, faintly tasting of tooth paste. John sighs. “Bit tired for sex, though.”
In the middle of the night John woke up from feverish dreams. He couldn't recall what they were about, but they were frightening and left him scared. He
sunshade. He sits down and picks up his book, but not because he actually
foot on front of the other, of the soft crunch of sand and thin twigs under
of their footfalls. John takes Sherlock’s hand and doesn’t let go, and the
“John! John! Can you hear me?”
They pass personnel in white lab coats and walk through heavy doors, opened
John’s lips, as usual. But he hesitates, his hand in mid-air. He looks at
in some military hospital in the UK, or in a field hospital on foreign
doesn’t have a mind palace to go to when he is away. He will have to rely
cigarette, it’s all perfect, the way he feels, the way his fucking mouth
head. We will x-ray her to make sure her skull is ok. Dr Watson, Matilda,
“I’m not scared. It’s just — weird. Strange. Bit intimidating, yeah. I — I
Matilda wakes up again, he neither wants to walk over naked nor hurry into
of loss and guilt deep down inside Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t tell him. While Sherlock was sleeping, Mycroft arranged for rehab and treatments and counselling. The day after that and after a lot of
He looks at Sherlock, desperate to see his reaction, and he can only guess
John is helpless at how intrigued Sherlock sounds. He’s getting dangerously
“Yes.”
even better than he’d expected and the idea of solving cases with John
artery on his neck, checking his breathing and his pulse. Making sure that
elderly couples wearing brightly coloured bathing suits and swimming
“I’ll ask Mycroft to prepare the papers.”
against Sherlock’s shins.
injuries. John has the impression that this smile carries the weight of a
mesmerized fashion that Sherlock had decided to find out how far he could
slack with sleep, his curls covering half of it. John takes a look around,
to help. Accidentally, he didn’t manage to get hold of his lower back, but ended up with Sherlock’s rather firm and round behind. He felt himself blushing
“Yes. I’m… very glad.”
curls, his eyes squinted against the sun, drawing fine lines into the
his waist, his lips warm against his forehead.
are slick with Sherlock’s precome, and he wonders what it tastes like. The
done with this topic. John is sure that from now on the image of Sherlock
“Oh shut it,” Sherlock says with a hint of laughter in his voice. He gets up from his chair, puts his laptop aside and walks over to John, who is standing
But he can’t tell his mum — that he’s too heartbroken to be happy and that
John takes a deep breath, groaning at Sherlock’s scent.
“I— Mum, er, about the test. The AIDS test.” John swallows. From the corner
stranger.
back, and John slips his hand away from Sherlock’s. It’s easy, it doesn’t
John waits for the nauseating tightness in his stomach he always felt when
tears he shed (
Moriarty’s heritage. He intended to seize the opportunity and occupy the
“You think so?”
“Then
smoke.
John's first instinct is to say no, he hasn’t finished reading the reports.
raspy with stubble. It feels good. John kisses him again. Feels fucking
girlfriend’s arousal. Eventually, he did start to feel more mature, and a
that he doesn’t regret this. That this is theirs.
general.” Sherlock keeps ruffling his hair. “I’ve… done my research. I was
doesn’t quite dare. He isn’t sure if Sherlock would like it, and he’s got
never fade, never stop.
discover that he learned from Sherlock.
he tosses his lighter a few inches up into the air, catching it again with
the mattress. John is kneeling above Sherlock, kisses his neck and the dip
messaging Lestrade or Molly on his phone. While hearing clients and reading
classes, it comes with a hundred associations he didn’t ask for. But it
“Of course. Of course I will, Margaret.”
further thought, he's already opening the kitchen door.
has finished his cigarette. He is starting to enjoy testing the boy’s
“But I’m also different from my father. He’s a good listener. He
“You’re fucking unbearable.”
The cold, really cold nights started around the last days of October. Sherlock and John had been out on a case, trying to get hold of a group of burglars
They shower without saying a word. John tries to memorise Sherlock’s brand
risen.
naked. It should be momentous or big, but it simply feels like the most
“Yes!”
“Gemma went with you, right?” Bill asks, shooting him a grin.
arm around John, holding him tight.
bother anyone).
He pictures a platform at St Pancras station in London, commuters and
tries to sleep as much as he can, and when he’s done dozing and napping, he
on it, maybe Pink Floyd, maybe something else. Cut-off jeans and long legs,
to do this on her own.
reason,
to sweat where the fingers of John’s right hand trail across his body. It’s
road next to the narrow pavement. John had forgotten that the world outside
Sherlock is breathing through his open mouth now, licking his lips after a
“No caves. But I used to play there a lot.”
Oh yes, John was. The soup smelled great. At first, he didn't believe that a bowl of soup would be enough, but when he had almost finished it, he was tired
men in his network, Sherlock has tried to make sure that Novak's new
since then. He thinks of his own coming out, which might not even have been
John stayed eleven days. He found himself a new place soon, just an apartment for the beginning. Grey, small and impersonal. More like a cheap hotel room.
Eventually, when John’s words have sunk in and became part of who, of
is just a hint too rough to be gentle, as if touching John hard will help
There is a moment of silence. But then - then Sherlock groans and a
the evening at the campfire at the dune, not giving a damn about the cool
parents first and ask if it’s okay for them.”
say. John is silent. He is listening and giving him time, just as he did
Glasgow. And a cottage by the sea, rented for three weeks.
his own.
takes a deep breath and meets her eyes. “We are better. And I think we can
bronze dusting blown across his whole body. Sherlock’s hair falls down on
one beautiful explosion of lust in the way it usually does. That single
today’s emotions. He’s still sad. But as much as losing Sherlock hurts, it
again.
into his tent now, the smell of last night’s vodka and cold cigarette smoke
direction of the shower houses, and walks away in quick, long strides,
between harder than expected and not too hard at all. He pictures his head
being a little closer to him than he usually was. In the dawning morning light, Sherlock’s face became more and more visible. It was so familiar to John.
saying what he’s begging for.
face in its soft fabric, imprinted with the scent of her. He misses this
saying her first words, she doesn’t really speak, being twenty-one months
of olive oil and adds some salt and pepper. The pasta needs a few more
his actor. Luckily there are
“John, dear. Never mind. We will manage. Now go upstairs and don’t you worry, alright?“
him with his longer limbs. They fit together fucking perfectly. Sherlock
strength as the sun sinks behind the clouds.
They sit down next to the girls and Harry hands John the wine. He looks her
cigarettes in the pocket of Sherlock’s cropped jeans. The fact that he
“She slept in the car and... God, lunch would be perfect right now.” He
his forehead with his arm, careful not to touch his face with the gloves.
him. Fucking hell.
badly wounded that I don’t know if he’s going to make it. It gets all mixed
and likely that their kiss had still meant something to John, but at least
him as he was to them.
“Busy.”
not quite tickling, but leaving goosebumps in their wake.
“I guess it’s somewhere near normal, living as a gay couple in London.”
laughs and leans towards Harry, saying something in a low voice.
a photo of her and received a pink “Happy baby girl“ card in return.
had a case on until Boxing day. John was rather glad about this. As much as
Arnel has got a beautiful voice, it’s rich and smoky, and a bit rough. His
shatters John’s soul in a strange, beautiful way. No-one has ever looked at
break of day.
Exhaling the last cigarette smoke, he grinds the butt in the sand. The wind
He always wanted to be a doctor, even as a kid. This spring, he’d been on
sea. John tries to read his battered crime novel and Sherlock skims through
under control. There had been two overdoses so far. Maybe they had been
courage and the necessity to do this. When he gets off later that night —
Sherlock stops, too, an instant later, and turns around to John. While
is talking to the Vulcan first officer.
A long time later, when Sherlock had been almost gone with want, he had
So they swim for as long as they can, battling the waves until they’re
John was still trying to catch his breath, when he felt James thrust harder
restless and impatient.
John stands in the bathroom and looks at himself in the mirror.
strategy. Or maybe Sherlock gave him a little moment for dramatic purposes.
James. And when he came here to somehow, inexpertly fix things, John only
He had known what it meant and he had made sure he would never let it show.
was back. He went on stroking his hard cock, feeling a bit more complete again, reclaiming his old self a bit more. It felt good, all of this,
middle fingers against the folded fabric.
John clears his throat.
confidence of having Sherlock meet his eyes, of finding the same desire
In the quiet of his bedroom and with two earbuds the music sounds clearer
Out of breath, Greg pulls his badge. “Scotland Yard. Ms Roussel? We need to talk to you.”
amount of arousal building up inside him is simultaneously unbearable and
John says, biting his lower lip and cocking his head. When he looks back at
he’s smiling, too.
enough for John to make his heart beat a just a tiny bit faster. John
That night, Matilda falls asleep right after they have had dinner (bottle for her, Mrs Hudson’s welcome-home-lasagna for them). When John comes downstairs
say the things he feels but tries to swallow them down, so much like —
John leaves before his blush gets too bad, and a minute later he catches up
lights it. John is already afraid he’s reacted too slowly, that he cocked
marks. John had cupped his face and hungrily started to kiss his wet mouth.
fragile than him. And yet, his affection is there, obvious even to John.
day, too busy with an experiment, and he starts to feel light-headed.
“Fuck,” John gasps. He blinks as he opens his eyes, stuttering back into
and firmly tells himself that it will be okay. He pictures being back in
“Guess I am.”
street to their tent. He passes the spot where Eddie hit his head two days
kissed. It shouldn’t be that surprising, but it is.
“Hadn’t what?“
“Hmmmm... No. I’ll just stay here. You go. I can look after Matilda.”
that roll in on the shore. He feels gloriously lazy. There’s fucking
unfolds with unknown vehemence and a hot wave of sensation washes through
on the two of them, but they just hold each other, hidden and safe in the
with Sherlock by his side, guiding him and Harry and Gemma through the
meets John’s gaze. John’s heart beats the way it did when they first looked
When the room is lit by the rising morning sun after a long while, Matilda yawns, stretches out her small arms and starts blabbering to herself. John and
“And I feel guilty because-” His voice breaks at the emotions raging inside of him. “I’m so glad it wasn’t…
looks more relaxed, happier, and completely focused on John. Sherlock’s
the train. He’d spot Sherlock at the far end of the train, just stepping
John looks at the kitchen. The living room. His laptop at the breakfast
whether he should take John’s again. He doesn’t dare to. But in spite of the cold
to look at Sherlock.
takes a sip from the water bottle.
When John has finished his second mug of tea, Sherlock’s gaze flickers to
“In we go, sweetheart. Come on.”
is torn out of his thoughts.
over the battered old carpet. He knows every sound, every groan of this
He pushes the thought away immediately, he’s scared of it. Then he bites
“Well. His place is as perfectly wired as yours is. And, of course, he has
Back in the flat, Sherlock and Matilda are still playing on the living room
“Happy new year, Sherlock.”
I will.
couldn’t see, but always taste. And the fucking smell of him. John presses
I’m not a doctor or otherwise medically trained. I heard about a heart condition like that, but to be honest, I’ve made all the details up, sorry.
bottle and pulls a face, mocking him.
attention. John was sure he was heading towards insanity at an alarming
makes him light and courageous and proud. It makes him grin. This is what
The first time John wakes, the night is reluctantly retreating, not quite
elegant hand shoved up into his hair.
After he’s come down after his climax, he dozes off for a while. Once he’s
Sherlock seems to be just as nervous, because he sounds shy when he speaks,
name and spilling his come over Sherlock’s hand.
“Oh fuck,“ Sherlock whispers after a minute with a high-pitched voice, and John can tell he has brushed his prostate. Sherlock starts moving his hips,
Some people at the fire are listening to Arnel, spellbound, not even
“You feel amazing, Sherlock.“
Swimming up to the surface with his trunks clutched in one fist, John blows
There’s a strange comfort in doing these everyday things that don’t require
Sherlock smells amazing this close – so it takes him a moment to figure out
he fucking has — repeatedly, every time he’d been too drunk to push the
They drift through the masses, close to each other, their elbows touching.
desperate.
The next time he opened his eyes, there was a nurse at his side. It took
“You like the film?”
than they were when they met in Poland. He looks every bit the former
his heart beating in his chest. Nothing really changed - they met a few
He holds his breath watching Sherlock from so far away. And then he
— himself. He smiles. For all the
finding themselves responsible for a baby. But Sherlock and he fit together like pieces of a puzzle. And with Matilda it is just... good. A tiny puzzle
talks to the doctors and watches Sherlock while he is being examined. Apart
heating up the air inside, and colouring everything in the bright blue of
and heavy with desire at the same time. John waits for Sherlock to take the
experiments in the place where I want to
chance to close his eyes without other people facing them.
might be gay, but I’m clean.” He pauses again. “Not transmitting anything.”
Why can’t Sherlock live closer to him? Why can’t John figure out a way to
“Well, maybe just a little floundering about in the water,” John adds.
to start a new life. If people want to know where you are coming from, tell
from the pavement onto the street.
next bottle of beer, he manages to push his discomfort aside.
the inkling that he might be special,
They sit like that for a long time, until he can open his eyes again.
behind him, his hands holding on to John’s waist.
“This is — this is amazing.”
They haven’t seen each other for a couple of days, not since John’s Stag
“Right. I’d better get my wallet then,” John says, trying to come up with a
hesitates, then shrugs off his own and lays it over the back of the other
Sherlock is — and he chokes at the realization of it — once again
Sherlock kisses back, imitating his movements, until he can transform his
Not now. Who knows what might be required later. So he is lying here,
“You’re one of the choristers.”
Harry turns her head to look up at John.
John realizes he hasn’t read a single line in his book since Sherlock
being held, that he isn’t alone. That he never is alone.
like to spend the day with grandpa and me?”
goes back to reading, the file lying next to him amidst Matilda, her toys
John freezes. Harry is the only one who gets past his defenses, who can
Two rows in front of him, someone opens a window and the cool stream of air
Maybe that’s what he is.
had been living together for months and years in the past, John is a quite private man. And, other than Sherlock himself, he doesn’t walk around the flat
the sleeping bag down without opening his eyes.
He opens his eyes, staring at the empty seat opposite him. From the corner
behind him. He raises his forearms, fists clenched like a boxer, and
different kinds of life he could live in a city like this, with myriads of
it out, he disentangles his fingers from Sherlock’s curls and grinds the
Thinking of London or of home feels strange right now, it feels fucking
“Good,” John replies, still grinning, and looking out at the ocean. From
understands what John is up to, because a hint of a smile flickers across
and shorts. She looks happy; actually she’s absolutely radiating with joy,
“Why?”
they let go and, after a life in one defined spot, embark on a last dancing
John closes his eyes and exhales shakily. That’s what it is, he’s — he’s
then he knows. He’s fucking
both knew that he was gone for good. I never thought about it like this,
“Yes.” Sherlock closes the dossier and looks at John. The tension he is under shows in his gaze.
manages to pull back before the pads of his fingers touch the cold wall.
reality turns up with
Back in his room John takes off his jeans. He watches the form of
sleeping bag, and he wonders if Sherlock’s hard. Actually he’s desperate to
moment when Sherlock is going to take the cigarette from his lips and hand
He has to adjust the mask as he puts it on, since Harry's head is smaller
It was impossible. So I surrendered my whole being to it.”
any questions, he doesn’t need any explanation, he just holds John until
John tries to picture his own dad saying that —
The feeling of these holidays. Sleeping, reading, swimming, relaxing. Just
“Ten, fifteen, and twenty. Getting me closer to the dissecting table quite quickly, John.”
it? Mycroft… being in love?”
shoes, all covered in toddler’s vomit. And then Mycroft’s phone had rung.
now. Sherlock is back to staring at the floor.
he simply asks, “What you did, earlier — knowing everything about me — how
his hand back between Sherlock’s legs, past his dark pubic hair and his
fail sometime soon.
The food Harry and Gemma have brought is delicious. There are different
” John hisses through gritted teeth. “But I
She hadn’t done that since he was twelve and their parents had had an exceptionally bad fight. The next time that happened, when his father slapped his
yesterday is slung over his shoulder.
doesn’t say anything, but just listens to John’s breathing on the other
her that John and Matilda might be in danger when Mary was arrested.
But all of a sudden a different image comes up in John’s mind.
“Yes. I was seventeen. Rugby. And you’re right about Harry.“
train is rushing towards the coast and to the ferry, greedily feeding on
Gemma’s dad is quiet for long minutes at a time, but when he thinks about
“She’s sleeping now. I’ve put the baby phone on the kitchen table. Could you listen in case she’s sick again?“
completely forgotten about them. Their mum gave away clothes they’d
“Hello, Mrs Holmes. Thanks for the invitation.”
starts to suck, hard enough to make John’s skin prickle, hard enough to
the scarf. “Got back to his flat in the early morning.”
worn-out t-shirt. Of his worries about how the hell he is going to afford
John brushes a curl from Sherlock’s face, touches his eyebrows, his cheekbones and his lips. Just because he can.
“Oh, really?“ John laughs.
to it, the haze of summer lifting.
will his heartbeat to slow down, fighting nausea. After a few moments, the
he thinks this. He doesn’t even try to keep up with the conversation any
look John saw in his eyes when he first told Sherlock that he wants to be a
total fool of himself.
laughter echo across the dune, all of them tipsy and cheerful. It was a
room. He misses John’s hand on his back.
have a shower doesn’t help at all, it just makes John think of his naked
burns. We couldn’t save any of the others. None of them. All dead before we
frustration begin to prickle in his fingertips. It’s as if he tries to
site and the sea, of how they’re having a great time here, all of it
sigh, long, taking all the tension with it. John can tell as he relaxes,
it doesn’t smell of exhaust fumes or dirty tar. It’s hazy even when the sun
“You’re scared then? Fascinating.”
really doesn’t matter what the case is even about.
to him, his eyes glinting, and raw with emotion. They’re far out now, the
how to get to her flat from the station, but he has to get out of here,
together with his own, on the bedside cabinet. He wants to seduce John, to
got his room number from his secretary.
from thrusting into Sherlock’s mouth. He watches Sherlock’s head bent over
it was the act itself that made his skin prickle with lust. Lying there on
won’t even live in that other flat with his mum anymore, but in some kind
Sherlock's fall feels a bit less painful now.
Falling asleep and waking up next to Sherlock became a comforting routine. His assurance for a less painful night. After a few weeks, a few of John’s
of the pines, while the waves, never-tiring, wash against the shore. It’s
there was any reason for it.
where they might be. Matilda does indeed fall asleep on the ride and out of
Sherlock’s chest and he had been very, very naked. The evening had taken an
without Sherlock. “Think I had my fucking heart broken.”
When the mattress depresses under his weight as he is lying down, John opens his eyes.
hiding.
with the piano tune in the otherwise calm flat, a slow, but ragged rhythm
John watches the waves in front of him, and after a few minutes he can’t
Sherlock stared at him in astonishment.
twenty minute ride from the beach, in a cozy small town. With Sherlock
his friend’s small room, a bit exasperated and a heavy book in his lap, and
typing messages on his phone. “Can’t say I regret it.”
“Not that long,” Sherlock says, voice low and unreadable. “And would you
suddenly he hates himself for being so angry, so disheartened; it feels
eyes, pure want.
John feels Sherlock’s gaze on him, on his body, on his face. Whenever he looks up, he meets his eyes. He can’t help but touch Sherlock, he can’t take his
has left ajar when he retreated to his room.
Sherlock looks at him with something between fascination and hunger, his
“Do it, Sherlock. God, do it, please.”
It is the beginning of May, when John and Matilda have lived at Baker Street for one and a half months. And John finally forces himself to write a short
water, and digs through worn clothes, but he only finds a towel, his torch,
when John was coming inside him.
and Arnel talk about studying, about politics, and the University of
Sherlock usually strives for perfection and elegance, and as much as he is
arrived here. When waking up to the sound of the sea held the infinite
John peels off the gloves, Matilda has started weeping a little on Lestrade’s arm and he takes her back.
(See the end of the chapter for
sleeping bags slips off his hips and legs entirely.
“Wait, there’s a tiny bit left here...“
doesn't really expect an answer.
shore, he hears Sherlock’s breathing and the wind in the high pines. He
Sherlock had never doubted that John loved him. That he might have loved
“Matilda? Are you there? Say something, bumble. Hey, Matilda!”
one he just abandoned, waiting for him.
time when all there was was her smell, her voice and her warmth. And it had
three. And yet it takes more effort, more courage than Sherlock can
“Hey, Sherlock. You’ve called.”
At the sudden touch, John thinks this is weird, since he usually moves with
Sherlock again, on his lips now. He doesn’t dare open his mouth, he doesn’t
John tousles Sherlock’s hair as he kisses him, and with his left hand he
help them pack, and she’ll be there the first weekend of the holidays, when
“Oh.” John remembers the bag Mycroft has given him and at which he didn’t
At night, they fall asleep after watching bad telly on a laptop, after sex
was a brilliant idea, John underestimated the fact that their bodies might
“He is an agent, a soldier, Sherlock. Not your personal saviour. You are
in John’s belly, it is tingling in his hands and sparkling in his head like
and grin like an idiot. It makes him want to point at him and shout
After a while of silent brooding over what Sherlock has said earlier, John
He has another sip of wine to fill the silence and just when he is about to
can’t find the words to describe all the things he feels, the things that
John clears his throat. Talking feels easier, now that everything John says
by Mycroft’s ID card. Mycroft stops in front of a door with a glass window,
Sherlock’s heart momentarily refuses to work. The missing heartbeat
finally flaming orange. John knows he should get up and try to get some
the sea glistens dark blue below.
Is that what he does? — at Sherlock’s thirst
handkerchief. Without saying a word, he hands Sherlock a towel, and
it is! John! I was an idiot. Such an
“Hey,” he replies, still sounding raspy from sleep. And then he blushes,
It’s weird coming home now, when they’ll be moving in a few days. About
John tastes him, the lingering remnants of precome, he tastes skin and a
that different — but fucking hell, it does.
“Did Mycroft go swimming?” John can’t help but imagine a pale teenage Mycroft with a bad sunburn.
increasing annoyance with the tediousness of his partners and the mess that
Eddie smiles. There’s a big plaster on his forehead where the gash was, and
Sherlock gets another tight hug from his mother and his father pats him on
“Good night, John. — And thank you, too.”
stomach had cramped. He would tell the nurses it was the withdrawal or
important as fuck, actually, judging by the insecurity showing on
There were twelve increasingly worried texts from his brother, who had
Silently, shock starts to dismantle the core of his self. He feels it
heaving, out of breath; Oliver stops short, looking directly into Elio’s
compared to you.”
the other side, sitting in his bed at the safe house. The sadness in his
had to do, what I had to look out for.”
An answer that
Neither of them speaks for a very long time. The fire slowly glows down to
person he wants to see and she’s
With very slightly shaking hands –
side, playfully bumping his left knee against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock
clear gaze sends a shiver down John’s spine. It’s fucking high praise,
He bows down, kissing Sherlock. And at the same time he is aligning the movements of his mouth and his fingers. Every move of his tongue and lips is
they must be leaving marks. John can’t help but moan. It’s good, fuck, it’s
touches Sherlock’s forearms, threads his hands into his damp curls, gently
Sherlock gazes at John for a long moment. He opens his mouth to speak, but
get to know all the miracles Sherlock can do with his mind, all the tricks,
He listens to the whole CD twice. All he wants is to stay in his bed and
Another ragged exhale from John. And another gentle lick from Sherlock. He
“Yeah, I — I want to.”
“John, Sherlock, are you awake? We need to get going!”
bother hailing a cab, John”). It is still very warm. Sherlock tells him bits and pieces about his childhood. How he learned to ride a bike on this street
cool anymore, and not yet warm against their skin. Patches of fine feathery
“She wants children, too.“
“That sounds like a good idea. Very good, actually.” John laughs. “We don’t
His body explodes into release, it shatters into countless sensations of
The place where they put up their tents is just a few feet away from the
“Good, I started to think they never would. With John getting married and all.“ He sighs with relief.
cheekbones. He doesn't even look up when John sits down next to him. John
doesn’t happen usually, he’s good at talking to people. It’s never this
“Well. Almost.”
After a few minutes, Matilda pauses in her crying, she yawns and sleep is
-mode, but then he puts his
They lie like this for a long time, until John’s stomach starts to growl.
John? Is that a friend from school?
He feels like an idiot.
see him for another whole day. So if Sherlock’s interested in John,
It is dark outside when Sherlock storms out of the chapter house. He spots
Sherlock needs to leave just now. We could — we could give the two of them
moment, then opens a kitchen cabinet, takes out a glass and fills it with
“She isn’t bald, Sherlock. She’s just got very fine, very light hair that’s hard to see.“
quirks with practice and mostly with patience. He gave up asking
and the oddness that comes with it ease.
Without thinking, without his soul asking his mind for permission, more
for years by then. We weren’t exactly close.” He clears his throat. “After
work. The kitchen smells of new furniture. The air is heavy with the
to work had to close down, and they all lost their jobs. He’d always said
He wonders how this can still feel any good for Sherlock, because by now,
cigarettes.”
further. John loves being here, the shore far away, their breathing and the
As they walk from the sea to their towels under the makeshift sunshade,
The answer he gets is always the same: Something crisp and very clear along
to a low comforting sound, and the wind is tousling the tree in front of
their music, the songs Sherlock is listening to right now. He’d hoped it
That’s good, Sherlock. I’m glad to hear that.
himself on the headboard. Sherlock had given his entrance little sucks that
Sherlock’s parents had been relieving, if only because he had made a decision and now knew what to do. Even though it had felt like receiving marching
bathing him in total, breathless bliss, shattering him into shivers and
She starts moving her head towards John, her whimpering getting louder and more desperate.
when John’s shins are already tautening with drying salt and the shiver in
blue polyester, bathing them in a low indirect light. It’s enough to light
the Amalfi coast when he was little.
Mycroft was at university by then. They still wrote letters sometimes and they saw each other during the holidays. But he had to admit that Sherlock had
colour of John’s eyes, dark aquamarine, like the sea seen from a helicopter
front of their tents.
hand around it until the cool metal had taken up the warmth of his body. He
first job at the government. But Sherlock found out, no matter how carefully Mycroft spied onto his life. He was furious, his mistrust grew and he withdrew
“Yes, everything was. Quite well.” John says between two bites of toast. “So. What are we up to today? The party starts in the late afternoon, right? Can we help you with anything, Marcus?”
Mycroft isn’t asleep. He is sitting on the edge of his bed (
fumes and the smell of dry leaves, and the lingering smoke of a cigarette
sounded a little less despising.
He puts the phone back in the pocket of his jacket and looks at Sherlock
“Not yet. I don't want to attract attention too early. I will talk to
girl sitting over there,” he adds, a little bolder now, and nods to his
John is sure Sherlock hasn’t even opened his eyes. He knows exactly how
weirdest one he’s ever been paid. He tries to picture a younger, smaller
aftershave, his hair, his skin.
Sherlock wants to gasp, rocking his hips against John. And John shifts in
John thrusts into him at a slow pace, still trying to draw this out as much
Coming down had been bad this time. He had tried to get some clonazepam for the the time when the cocaine was wearing off, he even texted his dealer in advance. Miracle how he had remembered that just after taking the cocaine in the first place.
final rehearsal of St Paul’s Choir, and even more until Midnight Eucharist
five.
even though this will, ironically, be the very thing that kills him.
rearranges the pieces of their history to a new picture. A picture that makes a lot more sense and aches so much.
This had saved the American wife from being accused of shooting her husband
“Christoph Schwarz. You know, you really got me with that one. You made a
the times he’s made Sherlock smile, or even laugh. It’s unbelievable that
The sky above the pines turns grey first, then pale, blushing pink, and
cutlery. They had dinner in the kitchen and ate straight out of the
falling on Sherlock’s face, mixing with the tears, clinging to his curls,
you, John
just outside B. It’s outdoors, a small dance
They leave, and John sighs.
it wouldn’t feel like home. When his mum asks what he thinks about it, he
the early stages of being just a bit overstrained from handling a curious four months-old. He takes both Matilda and the musical box and leaves Sherlock
everything. He wanted her to change everything. To ease his pain, to save
with a slow, steadying exhale, John eases his tight grip.
arm, then hugs him tight.
“No, since you moved in
sugar and the acid clean the disgusting taste of hangover from his mouth.
breath.
going to do this.
He registers all the details of his face that have become so familiar to
into their skin.
There is one of the new Star Trek films on Channel 4.
even though he starts to feel dizzy with arousal himself. When he tastes
This tent is a bit larger than Sherlock’s, but they’re still sitting
shoulder to Sherlock. He is right beside Greg.
he can manage is a helpless, “What? What are you doing?”
“Do I really have to pay every time I swear?”
moan, to make him come in his mouth.
ears when he adds, “I guess there’s a reason why doctors aren’t supposed to
He’d kill to wake up like this every morning.
again.
toll on John somewhere on the M23.
plastic plates, their four knives on the sand in the middle of the small
John bites his lips and groans in spite of it, breathing harder now.
naked, and hard.
“I had to see you,” Sherlock says finally, glancing up at John, who huffs
” He draws his name out. “Let’s take this to bed or I will come right here.”
approximately 5.9 inches closer to him. The
out from under him and his vision goes black for a moment, but finally, he
James, laughing at what he’s just said. John wonders if he can see
bed again, startled by another nightmare, that he realizes how much he
intense. John had never dared
time since they had sex.
John had brushed over Sherlock’s lips and face earlier. It had been deep,
But it’s John who says it, fuck, too taken aback by the sensation of
become more fluent after a few rounds.
He grabs a fistful of Sherlock’s t-shirt, a bit too roughly maybe, and says
he’ll ever stop being paralysed by the grace of Sherlock’s small everyday
“As you might have noticed, I have raised the alarm level and sent
Sherlock just squeezed John’s hand and kept it pressed against his beating
, he must be somewhat attached to him. He was grateful for this and he often thought that he maybe shouldn’t hope for more. Surely this,
a lot easier. There was one of the other students, he was two years older than me. Not dull, but challenging. He liked me. And I didn't despise him as much as the
John’s body is numb afterwards, from breathing too hard for too long a
he has dreamt of. With this ease, the heat and tightness of
“Well. Yes. I spent months in hospital and so did he. But I didn’t get to
holding him close and tight. John hopes she doesn’t notice how his chest
“Don’t know about you two, but I’m starving,” she states without so much as
“Are you sure about that?”
For the rest of the day, John keep thinking about two things: Sherlock
Saturday night.”
The moments tick by as Lou Reed sings from the laptop speakers.
night in its whole beauty, brimming with life and freedom. He’s already
might feel if he was just capable of accepting that he,
John notices that he took off the plaster. The gash is a thick red line,
“Join me for a coffee and a cigarette, Sherlock?”
He drinks the whiskey that is left in his glass, stands up and walks
dollop onto Sherlock’s belly. The thought of smearing it across Sherlock’s
scrap of paper and a biro, and hastily scribbles,
The champagne, after all, is delicious. During the evening, they do have quite a few glasses and get giddily tipsy. When they say hello to Mycroft, he just
him, and he even called his brother about it. It feels pretty fucking good,
of, and then orders chips at the restaurant; he’s starving. He feels the
Sherlock’s, as tenderly as possible, and his mind goes blank.
“How about some ice cream?” Sherlock asks some time later, tearing John out
had made John gasp. After a while, the gasping turne into downright moans
five screens at the desk. One of them is showing the CCTV footage - the
much he felt for James, how much he wanted him. He kissed him hard and felt
“Mmmmh,” Sherlock hums. “
John, when his climax seemed to last forever. It had left John smiling at
back into the sand, but in a slightly different position. When they knot
slightly distorted form of his body under the waves. Sherlock undressing
is pressed against Sherlock’s neck, and until he’s breathing hot, humid air
Sherlock’s warm breath at the crook of his neck. Life’s so fucking amazing
overwhelming and surprising. His climax had felt like a glass of water been
“No, it's not what you think. I didn't use sex to pay for drugs. It's rather – when you're high on cocaine, you feel like you can do anything. Accomplish
groan and retches.
The first thing that comes to John’s mind isn’t school, or even Harry. It’s
them on the bench. Sherlock’s already on his way to the shower, towel slung
He stands as close to the sea as he can, every new wave threatening to soak
He wonders what time it is, but his watch is somewhere back inside his
now, but always. He is mesmerized by the rhythm of his body and the pattern
down his jeans and, with a sigh, lets his legs fall open.
and both shyness and
with him and pressing him hard against his own body.
playing, the bass and the drums thudding through the night.
him, and then says calmly, “You’re miserable, John. Don’t think I haven’t
“Yeah,” John says quietly. He doesn’t want to break the touch, but he also
“Fine, I think. Studying eagerly.”
Later on, Sherlock goes swimming a bit as well and despite his smoking and his complete abstinence from most physical activities, John can tell that he is
is lost, his body dissolving into blazing sensation.
unspoken questions hidden beneath her short, matter-of-fact reply — if
found out about us.”
garden as much as possible. Keep the curtains closed.”
“Oh dear.“
“I... yeah. Thanks. Sherlock. Sorry I've picked such a sad one.”
He sits down on John’s bed and watches her for a few minutes. Her chest is heaving with her breath. The sight of Matilda sleeping is the most calming thing
It had been ages since he had last had sex with someone. For him, sex, and
Mycroft interprets relentlessly. Another kick. And another one. And another
John watches him swim back to the beach, getting smaller and smaller in the
magnifying glass. From the corner of his eye he sees John shifting his
stops and turns halfway.
he’s impressed as hell.
again, she just gave him a hug. And he did feel like hiding in her arms again.
sat down next to him in the cinema.
flushed with need, his cock leaking beads of precome. John wants to kiss it
“Sounds great,” John says. It’s been ages since he’s snorkled, he can
hears another man's low voice in the background. John can't understand what
The fever returned that night. John woke up shivering, having had another nightmare. He felt miserable, his throat hurt and the headache hammered against
Sherlock hesitates for a moment.
wonders what it looks like, his finger breaching him like that. He exhales
“I think I’ll be off to bed now.“
watching the sun slowly descend from its afternoon height. John sits in the
Sometimes he wakes yearning, and leaking, and he’s already coming before
clothes in his locker, but there was no sign of his shoes.”
"You'll take this aisle, I'll search the other one," Sherlock whispers.
“Try it,” Sherlock breathes.
can listen to the intercom.”
“Not really.” Greg takes another bite. “We’d better catch that bastard today,” he adds, muffled by a mouthful of toast.
small kisses on John skin, his ear, his hair.
more arrests throughout Britain and Eastern Europe. It looks as if Sherlock
but Sherlock. Ever.
Silence stretches out between them.
had, he probably wouldn't have cared. The castle was beautiful, broken grey walls on a green lawn scattered with rocks. It was a dramatic scenery. John
brutal death in the cold dark depths of the ocean, he’s scared of just how
“No, it was good. It was just — me. Tired.” He doesn’t meet her eyes, but
“I will be in the security room, if you need me. I’m in constant contact
“It has got to do with that visit of Mycroft’s, hasn’t it?”
“John. Honestly?”
washing his hair and face, spreading shower gel across his wet skin with
is much harder.
before sipping at her tea.
“Who cares,” Sherlock grins.
sweat.
the woman who might or might not have loved him ended and where the
fireplace and Margaret gets a plate of Christmas cookies from the kitchen,
John gets so scared she might ask about Sherlock that he gets up and leaves
takes another look at the man sitting opposite him, at his tired face, the
, a secret part of Sherlock’s
“Look after Matilda, while I’m downstairs, will you?”
How lucky that the pasta will be ready in 11 minutes.
they should have lunch together.
consciously decide to do it — it just happens. Sherlock presses his whole
screamed immediately and didn’t throw up. Pupils are symmetrical and not
John moves the microphone of his mobile away from his mouth, afraid he
“It's fucking over, Harry. Over.”
He tries to think about how he could possibly talk to Sherlock. God, this
silent on the ride.
John closes his hand more firmly around Sherlock’s cock. He starts to set a
John is about to say something, but Sherlock interrupts him.
remembers how wrong he was about Arnel. He thinks of what Sherlock’s told
“Hey, that walk was nice the other day, John. Fancy another one?”
have to be protected from the sea, if anything—
But John hasn’t heard from him, and at this point, he doesn’t expect a
told them, ‘I need to have sex with him now, if you’ll excuse us.’
thinking of how he and Sherlock have spent the day, of the sex they’ve had.
“Apparently, Ryś has now been transferred to London while Wilk remains in
normal work, but he had been at a loss at what to do.
still smiling.
them again three weeks later.
Lestrade waves at Donovan when they enter the restaurant in Westminster,
lukewarm water.
leaving them to bump into John as he follows a moment later.
because they found out he’s gay.”
“Johnny,” Harry says, sounding teary herself. “Oh God, what happened?”
the bed, lying on their sides, facing each other.
Sherlock pushes in a third finger, moaning a low “Oh...“, then moves his hips in luxurious, rolling moves a few times and opens his eyes.
“Dad doesn’t matter, John,” Harry interrupts him. “He’s an arsehole, he’s a
“Do you—,” Sherlock starts. He clears his throat, and continues, “Do you
goes pliant under him immediately, as if he doesn’t have any defences left
John caresses Sherlock’s face.
it. And he was much slower than you to realise
It makes John want to thank her and weep at the same time.
taken them ages.
Sherlock. It had been. It had been so very much. Sherlock had leaned back
in the shower room.
Coming down and detox were like a penalty. Reality and the destruction he
They all get up, pay, and walk out on the small street down the campsite to
He kisses back and now it’s Sherlock who lets out a small moan, half in astonishment, half in arousal. John feels his chest against his, Sherlock’s legs
and snorkle are easy to spot when they’re not underwater.
“What—,” John tries, voice cracking after hours of silence. Then he sees
to process everything Sherlock has told him, his head spinning. Gradually
The boys leave the path and stroll past John’s and the girls’ tents,
He searches his pockets for a scrap of paper, and finds the bus ticket from
are touching, from the left foot John places between Sherlock’s feet to the
Sherlock’s cock feels breathtaking in John’s hands. When John caresses the
look after him—
It’s now that John remembers that Sherlock, too, is naked. His heart is
real life. You were a more courageous, a more audacious — a
and mushrooms with the pesto on his plate. He tells Sherlock about his day
much until the head of his cock slips inside Sherlock.
disaster of John’s marriage. After John returned to Baker Street.
After thirty seconds, Sherlock asks again, “John?“
John’s eyes never leave the car driving away. He has to think of the day
from him, out of reach, even. Will he be able to call Sherlock when he’s at
breathless giggles of people who are high. Finally he curses in Spanish
When he catches his breath, he says, “Papa’s here. Do you remember? He said
Sherlock nods, and John shifts closer. He takes his hand, then wraps his
interrupted by Mycroft, his voice so full of rage that John sits up
moonlight. Sherlock takes a soundless step towards the barn and John goes
On the hallway, Sherlock is talking to Matilda, trying to keep her occupied
surface and allow yourself to sink into its depths.
distance. He watches him as he emerges from the sea, blue swimming trunks
doesn’t even know what Sherlock is doing right now, where he is is, or how
“Not exactly, John. We cannot risk that somebody sees where you are taken.
intimate, challenging and satisfying thing he has ever done. So when
John does neither gets the image of Sherlock’s dark curls against his white skin out of his mind nor that of his broad shoulders and his narrow hips. And
has to get help, and it’s no use dragging Sherlock along, when he’s like
“Fuck my hand, John,” Sherlock says, voice deep and demanding and pleased,
John laughs.
stay. With you. This is where I belong.”
“A swear jar, John. Whenever one of us swears, he has to pay some money into the swear jar.”
He can’t stop touching Sherlock and he needs him close, feel him with his
uncertainty is slowly replaced by the feeling of things finally being very,
imagine.
It’s so loud with the heavy rain and thunder that there’s no use talking.
in. He would bet Sherlock knows what it is like to be... lonely. And who might be
John returns from the bathroom, wearing a t-shirt and jeans that are just a
So John whispers Sherlock’s name, and pulls him back up, kisses him and
Bordeaux. They climb the steep steps into the train, clumsy with hands full
secret smile he knows must show on his own face.
front of them and a row of seats facing them, but the seats Harry and Gemma
Sherlock’s shoulders, suddenly needing to feel this heat with the inside of
he groans, and the words resonate with pleasure and bliss
“Marcus? Oh, where are you again? Sherlock’s here, and John! Come and say hello to the two of them,” Mrs Holmes calls into to hallway.
All those pages of squared paper covered in her tidy handwriting, with
John searches for the right word, and after a second of thinking, finds it,
of electricity that eventually coalesce into a single stream of intense,
doesn’t need any of that. John’s hard within seconds, and he
last picture; John against the cloudless, deep blue sky, his light hair a
cigarettes in his hand. He flips it open and offers the last cigarette to
inches, it’s suddenly much warmer in spite of the breeze from the ocean.
tells him she had started to visit flats to move in while John and Harry
ferry and take another train to London and then to Winchester.
This place is unlike any John has ever seen. Two armchairs stand in front
Sherlock’s lips. It feels as if everything that’s happened since then — as
“I’ll stay with the brother for the time being, maybe have a little chat
John thinks, his mind replaying the song’s lyrics,
about this huge box of condoms in the social worker’s study and that she
and losing himself in the connection to another person. Sherlock hadn’t
fucking much later on — once the girls have left, once he sleeps with him.
moment John goes down to crawl inside, he takes Sherlock’s hand, because
breath, losing his rhythm of steady strokes and deep inhales.
climax.
radiates through his ribcage, making it feel constricted and hard. It
An invitation, maybe even a plea.
cheeks are slightly red. Wet curls are plastered across his forehead, and
“He’s back,” he murmurs.
It doesn’t need much. It doesn’t need anything, really. From one moment to
purple figs, bright aromatic oranges, and soft apricots, and two bottles of
There is nothing small or ordinary about it.
this again. And yet — within seconds he must have recalled what John liked,
John sits up, the sleeping bag slipping down his own naked body.
pillow to stifle his moans, came in Sherlock’s mouth. Afterwards he kissed
“Lestrade. I had called him beforehand and he arrived just in time to catch Jonathan Miller. He tried to escape and to shoot Lestrade. Lestrade shot back
Sherlock’s eyebrows are smoothed, if he looks less gaunt just by the power
chest twitches upon that realization.
the sandbank, at a few seagulls landing there, cracking shells. They watch
window to Sherlock’s soul. It leaves him lost for words. He pulls him
reason that keeps telling him that Sherlock was safe whenever he used, that
, that John’s heart somersaults in his chest and he is
formula to explain the universe. He might be screaming or crying, he can’t
The further they get on the path up the hill, the more John’s heart beats
quickly, far too much in a hurry to look at anything besides the piece of
Sherlock gets up and stretches out his hands.
Sherlock had fooled him into forgiving him. And he did.
After a minute, Sherlock reaches for the drawer in the nightstand and fishes for a bottle of lube. He opens John’s hand wrapped around their cocks and
lips and something hungry and yearning is darkening Sherlock’s eyes. He
The train halts, shaking them as the brakes pull at the wheels. Sherlock
John thinks as he pays for the groceries. John has never had much money. In fact, there have been a lot of times when he was rather short of it. His
Sherlock doesn’t react and pictures of last night creep up John’s spine, of
between forks full of pasta. He drinks the majority of his wine after he’s
bitter-wooden odour of chipboard and the metal of the drill, damp with the
had to focus harder on driving on the right side of the road than he would
Sherlock presses his lips together. It takes him a while until he can
again.
sucking him. His lips are stretched around John’s cock and he’s looking at
complies, and he can press the words out.
of music.”
terrorists from Colombia, Corsica, China, Pakistan and presumably the
“So.“
Finally John feels his breath on his face, coming as quickly as his own.
thought, leaving John to take better care of it than he ever could. It’s
“’Course not, you tit. No silver spoon up my arse, in case you haven’t
onto the bed. And with that, he could have left again. Even though he had been living in 221b for a few months last year, being in Sherlock’s room was
when you're high, John.”
his hand is trembling. There’s a big gash on his forehead, right below the
house during the school holiday, so we have a few things coming up—
spilling hot come over John’s fingers. It’s the world’s biggest fucking
When his thighs start to tremble, Sherlock urges John up by his shoulders,
He straightens to see Sherlock’s face properly across the fire.
Sherlock’s surprised, John can feel it in the way he hesitates. John
duvet.
in, searching for Victor’s mouth.
John stretches on the sofa. There is a low traffic noise from Baker Street,
telephone boxes, just next to the small shop.
“Ah,” John says, still a bit incredulous and obviously trying to figure out
ride.
bends down, opens his backpack and hands Sherlock a large manila envelope
It also becomes fairly obvious that Sherlock is quite fond of rimming. One day, when they just come home from one spectacularly triumphant case, Sherlock
is low and muffled, then someone answers the phone on the other side. John
John has never, in his entire life, come so hard.
shouldn’t’ve done that, I had no idea it would hurt you like this, I—”
rolls, remembering how soft and plush they were in his mouth. Defeated, he
you. Like this. I — I wanted to taste you. I’ve thought of doing this for a
“I can see that. Sherlock… you did clean those wrenches before, didn’t you?”
every day he gets home from school, he wonders how the hell he’s even able
found her passed out at a table at the back of the club. He had tried to
looks at him, eyebrows raised. Greg, who was just stepping through the
something bordering a sob.
pulls down John’s shorts and boxers, not bothering to undress John any
cigarettes, please.”
“Don’t start drooling on the table. I’ll go and get us some coffee.”
He turns to Sherlock, clumsily stretching his hand across the large black
“Lazy git,” Eddie says with a grin, turning to leave.
“Ah. Alright. And the gash?” John asks.
hands. “Joining the army doesn’t necessarily mean getting shot. Especially
Up on the hill, their tents are deserted, but John finds a second tin of
back from the sea, splashing water at him, making fun. He looks up at them,
Slowly, he puts in the headphones. It’s the first time he uses both
“I will kiss you properly. And then, I'll take it, we'll have sex. At home.“
things making sense again. He takes off his sunglasses and rubs his hand
After a breathless “Hi” to Harry and Gemma he drops the snorkle and the
he was told she was dead.
“Thanks, Eddie. For your help,” John says.
head and looks at the cigarette he’s still holding. Then he lifts his hand,
He hears a rush at the door, as if Sherlock is about to storm in.
Gemma replies something, then John hears light steps from the direction of
thought of going back to school even more than he hates the thought of
And it was as if his grief and his pain were kindly, but firmly pushed aside a little to make room for
“The army really offers a lot,” he adds eventually, trying to persuade
suddenly John wonders if they should have used condoms. He stops dead.
There’s silence in the kitchen; the only sound John can hear is the beating
Sherlock’s ribs to the waistband of his boxers, and halfway down, on that
Confused and a bit emotional, he told the whole story to Lestrade when he met him that Friday night. They went to a calmer place than their usual pub which
“How’s it going?”
to grasp it and fails; he grabs Sherlock harder by his shoulders, digging
“God, Sherlock, sorry. Guess we’ll just have to figure a whole lot of things out, don’t we?”
of the management.”
wrangle, tossing fists and arms against each other, bumping shoulders
must be. He is scared of his vulnerability, of the crushing wave of emotion
The months back at 221b had been very different from their first living together. The air had been filled with questions unasked
lost his job, it did. It got worse.”
washing his hair. He doesn’t look at his reflection in the mirror while
know what he’s laughing about; probably the shocked look on John’s face, or
an arm draped around her shoulders. John doesn’t understand the words
always wears his grey hoodie, still cold even with it. He, who never gave a
lights up with a lopsided smile. He takes the picture and puts it to the
waves and the wind, intertwining with the usual gentle background noise of
this. They will attempt this without even knowing if it is the right way to
was a bit like their trip to Dartmoor, even the car resembled the one Sherlock had hired back then. John thought of their innocent excitement in
filter of the cigarette instead of John’s skin.
never known there’d be something like this, a first time, before it
“Yes. I will tell you… soon.”
in a row.
personal space. They’re sitting just a bit closer; their legs touch, their
“Going to come if you keep doing that.” He’s out of breath, cheeks flushed
pubgoers, falling comfortably into step with each other, despite John’s
He turns to Sherlock, wanting to ask him if he saw James’s reaction as
face. His hair. John.
Redbeard’s death hurt less. He was gone, yes, but he was in his mind, he
breathes, “Lube. Where’s the lube?”
of sleeping, eating, playing with Matilda and staying as close to Sherlock
There is nothing that can be done, nothing that promises relief for even a
He takes a deep breath and starts turning to leave, already about to head
sensitive part around the waist, Sherlock breathes a desperate noise into
hair, and Sherlock’s hand holding them both — and it looks breathtaking, so
has to seize it or he’ll never forgive himself.
actually, the lyrics aren’t too bad, either. And, miraculously, it works.
Most of all he should tell him that he just wants to get this last fucking
their way to the shore, while he feels the warmth of Sherlock’s thigh
beach in the very early morning hours, after the storm has cleared the air,
and folds. Sand at the bottom of things, even between the wavy pages of his
him from any harm. Trying to give him space and time to heal. But John
headquarters are situated in London, our first step will be installing a
chat. When Sherlock finally enters the bedroom, John has almost fallen asleep with his book on his chest.
old cabinets when no-one’s looking. He still can’t eat. Gemma returns to
can move now, he can’t even lift a hand, his brain is too busy processing
away and as relaxation settles in the corners of his eyes, in his smiles
“I expect I will be getting a report and new safety measures from Mycroft.”
might consider wrong or dirty, I’ve had it as well. Every single one.”
after taking in the sight of her naked brother and a sleeping Sherlock, her
John helps him and then they are on the bed, naked.
opens, the car parks next to a few others close to the building’s entrance.
So, Sherlock gratefully accepted the case Mycroft presented.
John’s right hand is on his neck, his fingers threading into the curls at
place. For an instant he hesitates and then gently puts it on Sherlock’s
Neither of them said a word for a very long time. Sherlock played. John sat in his chair, lost in the melody, not thinking anything at all. When Sherlock
hit John’s face.
Before John knows it, the song is already over. He sits there for a moment,
the beach would be able to see them.
into words how much he’d love to bend down and press a kiss to Sherlock’s
John’s face and naked chest, and the endless blue sky. The sun is behind
Sherlock wants to bark, but he doesn’t. Instead he takes a half-hearted
under him. He slowly grazes his fingertips across Sherlock’s hot, damp
forget him, just for a few hours.
possible way. The gratitude that they had the fucking courage to go this
things waiting to be discovered — most of all, John would discover himself,
John’s stomach that feels like falling now, it’s all of him, tumbling into
they won’t need in the new flat, and given some to Oxfam. Harry is going to
“Didn't the Warsaw agent mention it? Something in connection with that big
This holiday has changed so much between them.
When the rain gets softer after a long time, and the thunder subsides, John
James.
But in spite of this, Sherlock hadn’t quite taken notice of him until the
for washing, throws in the washing up liquid, a towel and a sponge and gets
inside him, and he has to evade Harry’s gaze for a moment. He takes a long,
curiosity, and a completely different kind of need. It’s John’s need for
When the girls come back a long time later he’s been on his own long enough
“Why is there a
Sherlock notices things he never would have thought he’d notice during
For a moment, he stood next to his bed, naked.
He bent down to lick his cock while stroking it with his right hand. His
between, and this time, Sherlock raises an eyebrow approvingly after the
both elegance and sureness. He even starts lifting Matilda off the water, throwing her up in the air a little and catching her when she drops back on his
Arnel nods, drowns the rest of his coffee and takes the bag from Sherlock.
through his fingers. The sand is cool and soft now, the day’s heat has
even stop pacing when the door bell rings and one of Mycroft’s suit-clad
to on their way here. They make it from the station to the port in time,
“Since that first night, John.” Sherlock looks at him, eyes glittering
be given the details about the operation in the City afterwards,” Ryś
He decides to take the risk. He might lose the only friend he has ever had.
later, gasping for air. John turns, and their gazes meet. He grins at
father as police officer, but no, it doesn’t feel right.
He had probed. He had pushed his tongue against John’s hole and entered it.
manners gave him the air of someone holding much more responsibility than he actually did. He was in his mid-twenties, just finished university and got his
is the first thing John thinks.
Wrapped in his sleeping bag up to his chest, Sherlock crawls out and lies
many destinations. Valadsko hasn’t specialised in anything, they are
“Okay,” Sherlock says in a low voice. He doesn’t need to speak very loud.
gotten worse. Not to mention his temper. He had gotten louder and it was taking less and less to make him yell.
might actually have his own - well, what exactly? Needs? Feelings? His own
John shudders, his features tense as he dreams. Without quite knowing why or even consciously deciding to do so, Sherlock bows down and puts his hand onto John’s shoulder. John calms and relaxes and Sherlock feels the warmth of John’s body radiating through his shirt. Without taking his hand away, Sherlock sits down on the floor besides the sofa. He watches over John’s sleep, touching him, as dusk sets in and the shadows grow deeper in 221b. Eventually, after a long time when darkness has fallen completely, Sherlock’s eyelids become heavy. He leans onto the sofa, rests his head somewhere between the sofa leather and John’s hipbone. And falls asleep.
arousing than he would have ever thought possible.
lawsuits against James. Nothing was going to be the way it had been before.
clearly making a show of it.
John thinks that Mycroft’s main reason might be making sure Sherlock isn’t
Harry and I might get a better education than he got. He was 16 when he
John’s apologies, his pity. That
point.
“I really can’t keep my hands off you,” he whispers against his lips in
John can’t quite look at her. She squeezes his hand, and leaves.
Sherlock smiles and brushes a curl from his face. For a moment, he combs
“Christ, she is
done this — but maybe it’s for the best, for now. It’s all still so fucking
might break the stalemate they have manoeuvred themselves into. He doesn’t
front of him.
Matilda won’t let go of Sherlock, she is clinging to his neck now. He
“That’s good to hear.”
“How about your vision? Look at me, Eddie. Do you see double?”
passed. Sherlock’s still reading, the pencil he’d been writing with earlier
“In spite of your mum’s hard work you still can’t afford med school,”
hipbone, smearing precome on his skin.
eyes full of relief and misplaced gratitude, and leaves the room. In his
“Yes, I am. What’s–“
illnesses caused by nicotine is enough to put him off for a lifetime.
Questions and doubt invade the bedroom’s stale black silence, banishing
. He’s so fucking turned on by this.
at the same time, his shocking straightforwardness that — if it hadn’t just
looks at his reflection in the mirror. He’s pale, a grim line between his
azure of the sky and the bright afternoon sun. But the shore is tamed here,
But just like that morning when he talked to Harry and understood that he’s
Sherlock’s lips. More than anything, John has the feeling that Sherlock
He bites his lips, trying not to linger on the memory, but to forge ahead.
consciousness. There’s an arm draped across his side, holding him, and it’s
his mouth. He knows that Sherlock’s close, that he’s almost there. He tries
both feel John’s cock pressing against Sherlock’s perineum.
Sherlock looks at him for a moment, waiting for John to say whatever it is
the head of John’s cock, gathering as much of the fluid as he can. He looks
making it spin and taking it close to overload: John will be gone tomorrow,
Dinner is getting cold.“
long, elegant fingers. He’s already utterly lost in thought, probably not
indeed; they’ll change trains a couple of times, and they’ll go on the
around the two chairs.
what he actually wants to do.
fucking menace at night. He’s crushed by the weight of everything, and
(See the end of the chapter for
tries not to hate his life for making him choose. He prays for a fucking
seconds ago. The way Sherlock’s eyes glint in the low light of the dancing
Sherlock wants to sleep with John like — like that. He wants John inside
“Ta. You’re doing that quite well, actually.” They are standing close, there isn’t much space between the tub and the basin. The atmosphere between them is charged again, Sherlock is badly distracted by John’s naked chest and the wonderful way he smells.
hips, rolls them, trying to move closer to John’s hand and yet enjoying the
are scrutinizing. John prays that for once Sherlock isn't able to deduce
“It seems Sokół indeed intended to destabilize Britain as much as possible
John is torn out of his musings when Sherlock hands the camera back to him.
to act in a way that might ruin your future. Or your life.”
“They just like you, Sherlock.” John brushes a curl from Sherlock’s face
“Come a little closer,” John whispers. Sherlock shifts, moving upwards.
and handed him over to Greg. Sherlock had been, once again, daring and
“Hope so.”
John can’t quite believe his eyes when Sherlock starts to dance. It’s just
After John has got Matilda dressed, he finds her standing at the door to
obligation.
to Sherlock, brushing his arm against his, Sherlock almost smiles.
“That’s a truly perfect idea,” Sherlock rumbles, already propping himself
Somehow he makes it back to his tent. He’s too drunk to undress and falls
John crooks a grateful smile.
exasperation.
soft, unbelievable and real.
just enough to be bearable again. Meanwhile time stretches into that blur
clothes from the floor and gets dressed.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John mumbles, rubbing his hand across his cold nose, cold
mind with that voice, John thinks, and groans. He leans in to draw a line
“She’s just had some baby food for breakfast, she shouldn’t be hungry for a while. You can also take her out with her pram. And if she starts crying,
He’s trying to sound casual, and it doesn’t nearly get close to what he
was spilled, cool against his skin by then. He had kissed him. Sherlock
“I was just—” John starts, and stops, because — because his heart is about
“They’re fine, John. I heard her going out with Matilda in her pram an hour ago. They’ll be strolling around Regent’s Park.”
cock suddenly press against his hipbone. It’s maddening. He can’t think of
to be friendly, for once. Full of warmth. Closeness. Understanding. The
in the cool light of the neon lamp above it he can see that he’s tanned, he
drugs, whatever shit he’s taken.
when Sherlock crawls on top of John. He starts to roll his hips, his cock
his chest.
pushes in. He goes slowly, almost without any pressure, just gliding into
with his thumb across Sherlock’s hand. The wind is a low growl in the
barely audible over the background noise of the intercom. “Yes. Yes, I can
exhausted and craving for the next velvety bliss. Mostly he got the
John thinks.
London.
overly simple. But fantasies were also less messy, less complicated than
subject. “Today Matilda played with your dad and–“
calling, she lost her balance and fell over. She has fallen down a lot so
and he can see that her eyes are wet. It’s true what Harry told him — she
sitting next to him. John looks at him in surprise, because how can he talk
close to him, has always touched him, and that John has always watched him
at him and says, “It’s not logical, and believe me, John, I’ve tried to
time to shower, even though it feels as if Sherlock’s dried come from last
It had been a bit like a composed picture, like a collage. Blending
into the sand in front of him.
the car stops at the kerb. Sherlock can see Buckingham Palace now, all its
authority John has never noticed on him before. Arnel’s still wearing his
“You’re probably right. You always are, John.”
at him, he’s brushing his wet hair from his face, his skin glistening with
He takes him in deeper, strokes him in sync with hungry licks of tongue.
hours, sticking to his skin. His short dark blond hair is slightly damp.
make as little noises as possible. They shimmied out of their boots, undid
And yet — and yet Sherlock is leaving. Maybe he doesn’t know how to stop
spent and bordering over-sensitive. With a breathless shiver he sinks down on his elbows and on Sherlock’s chest.
the dune again.
swimming further away as John stares at him.
“Oh, John, I’m — I’m coming,” he whispers, voice high and incredulous and
closer into him. When Greg’s hands travel from Mycroft’s waistcoat over the
John and Sherlock grin at each other.
words.
and just as impenetrable. It smells of afternoons spent here, playing lego
his pink tongue across his bottom lip. John feels his skin tingle with
looks away. Sherlock must know what he’s doing to him.
bookshelf and watching the others, he thinks that he doesn’t want to be
he stops, just taking a deep breath. Something in his eyes changes, and his
Gemma sit in the back, while John’s next to his mum, not saying a word.
warmth. When they get back to John’s tent, wearing their shirts and shorts
his watch, while Gemma and Harry grin at each other.
own heartbeat and, from afar, his own voice cursing “Oh fuck…” He pushes in deeper, millimetre after millimetre into heat and tightness and
blows out the biting smoke. He’s getting used to this.
“Yeah… thank you. Thank you so much. Not exactly what the tax payer’s money
he’s struggling to keep up.
“You’re so beautiful, John. You’re so fucking beautiful,” Sherlock
one. They talk for a bit, but it seems to John as if they’re carefully
is slowly ascending the ramp into the giant ship, waiting to be swallowed
girls who catch his eye, and there are boys who do. But no-one comes close
story.
“I — I’ll head back to the beach,” Sherlock says eventually.
“That I’m gay? Why?” Sherlock furrows his brow, smiling.
than he thought possible.
John swallows down his half-formed confessions, and replies, “Guess I
they can somehow, against all odds, find a way to land safely together.
“More than anything.”
he shouldn’t keep up his hopes to hear from him again, ever. He’s worried
“I didn’t know if you’d want to have these.” She hesitates, then adds,
“I’ve missed you so badly,” Sherlock had said in a low voice after a while,
unveiled by the collar, and up his neck, until he kisses his jaw, and
He presses his lips together, as if containing all the things he needs to
were all that was left. He closed his eyes.
Sherlock would feel outstandingly bold, after solving a case, a proper 10 —
A curl sticks to Sherlock’s wet forehead. His eyes are closed. His chest is heaving with his heavy breathing and his pink, plush lips are slightly parted. His hands are still entangled in the linen, he must have grabbed and clenched it during orgasm. His cock is lying on his belly, getting softer, with a base of dark hair. His body is a long, gentle curve, slender, but not skinny. Their semen is smeared over his stomach, glittering wetly.
A boy.
easygoing as always, he even had dragged Sherlock -
that there’d been some kind of system to it. That it was more than just
restaurant, and they’ll meet there in a quarter of an hour or so.
“Yes. Oh God, I will.“
tip over from having a good time with his friends to getting drunk because
Sherlock smiles at his paper, a genuine, open smile.
the last nights at the campfire up at the dune, hazy with red wine and with
he might have let some of his thoughts slip.
looks at Sherlock’s heaving chest, droplets of water still caught in the
Sherlock’s expression turns into a lopsided smile that makes John grin and
wouldn’t like it, but… I had no idea you’d worry so badly,” John whispers
Sherlock’s sleeping soundly. John wonders whether to wait for him or to
December flat. Sherlock waits for him in bed, his legs still tangled in the
at the same time. He feels the warmth where he touches Sherlock’s knee,
loudly in the silence of the tent. Sherlock moves, and presses his lips
and he realizes he desperately needs to keep his composure.
She keeps eating her ice cream, not saying anything. Harry’s circles in the
He wants to go to Sherlock, he actually is curious to have a look at that corpse. But he hesitates. Taking Matilda into a morgue is
others. John can’t quite put his finger on it.
He takes a deep breath.
“Yeah,” John admits faintly. He definitely is the world’s biggest idiot.
training room with a handful of other participants on a late Saturday
“Oh.” And, after a moment, “Tell me about it?”
special. Take care of each other, okay?”
“Girls are quicker with speaking. Thought you’d like it.”
“Do that. Don’t fall asleep. I’d rather not have you get a sunstroke.”
Under such circumstances, he naturally gravitated to London, that great
“I— I don’t want to make this hard for you.” John clears his throat against
Klingons.
eyes inside the mask, making it look like two miniature fish tanks. She
For the duration of their talk John’s almost succeeded in pushing aside the
England for Saturday morning. So they’ve got a whole fucking week. He
“Shame, she’s nice enough. How did you know she took Aarush home? Did you
“Sleeping! Trying to.”
ascend the steep path, and their breathing gets louder. They’ve never
Sherlock traces her small
claiming him back and holding on to him at the same time.
Eventually, he pushes the sleeping bag to one side and rises from his hard
Over dinner Harry and his mum talk about Harry’s new job and the new flat
has to tell Sherlock that he won’t be joining the army now that they’re
“John...“
in the tears that are pooling behind his lids and welling up in his throat.
One night, John is counting down the minutes until Sherlock calls. He does
here, watching over him.
Sherlock and details of his body — the shape of his hands or the pattern of
Sherlock was coming, he was coming so hard, so
slowly taking over. John can’t quite believe it. By the time he sings the
They go down the stairs in silence, and when they cross the nave of the
his body.
of shit with the French police afterwards. John hasn’t got the faintest
steely blue, he wonders if they’ll go swimming today at all.
a bottle of water next to John’s head, but John doesn’t notice any of this.
John thinks, swallowing. The last
moving together. It’s the hottest damn thing he’s ever experienced, feeling
trying once again to understand it all a bit better, before — before
they are, when they’ve bonded over it with sea-wet kisses and
school secretary that he doesn’t even know Sherlock’s surname. His
had – sleeping with Sherlock Holmes is by far the most mind-blowing,
I shall give the order to get you out.”
“I wouldn’t have told him, Sherlock. Of course I wouldn’t.”
“Violin?” Sherlock asks like a school kid that’s pressed to play Christmas
Her dad is getting up from where he sits on the floor in her room. She
floor, Sherlock explains the results of their investigations in a rush. “I don’t know how they are connected to the
sea. Watching him across the tents crouched over a book, reading,
hopes he’s been as silent as he thinks. He turns on his side, hissing at
against his mouth, not even
Sherlock exhales shakily, and a stupid joke feels out of place.
actually has — he’s still lighter than John and most other people at the
embrace and turns to him, drawing challenge and easiness across his face.
He has to be there for her. He has to make sure they make it through this
the house and going to med school starts to feel more real. For the first
John stretches out his hand, and Sherlock takes it.
unscrews it and hands it to Sherlock. When Sherlock has finished getting
head. John’s heart is beating faster and his exhales sound loud in the
As if to make sure that this is none of the hidden, yet frequently visited chambers of his mind palace, he pulls down John’s pants. John breaks their kiss
you.”
Sometimes he’s angry with Harry — except for Sherlock, she’s the only
will be out of reach, and they will have to be so careful. Careful when
here, at home.
John does. They are quickly getting used to each other, doing this. John
bright afternoon sunlight. Harry’s and Gemma’s towels are deserted. He
her head and smiles as she speaks, how she raises one eyebrow when she says
to the men’s showers. There are no single stalls, just one large room. He
He sighs, barely audibly, and adds, “These facts unsettled my parents, so
as humanly possible.
next to her hands her a bottle of tequila. But she shakes her head and John
feels as if hours have passed since then. He remembers how he wanted
“It’s alright. Not your fault. After all, you do know Mycroft’s way of
see John gasping for breath.
clearly what Harry would say about that and thinks about a good reply.
against John’s shoulder.
Song after song is playing while the camping site is falling silent. If
Sherlock goes on, and the more he talks about London the more enthralled he
“Did I get it right?” Sherlock asks a moment later.
after a moment, trying to fit the words together so that they form a
John puts the glass on the table.
into the boot of the Toyota, two bags of clothes on the back seat, and then
on him.
maybe it is only him.
Sherlock hands him the bottle. John takes a few large drops on his index and middle finger, spreading it and waiting a moment until the cool liquid has
John walks on the street, Sherlock in the grass beside him. John’s steps
John clears his throat. There’s a thin crack in the shell that had laid
back. He wants to feel every fucking inch of Sherlock, now, while they’re
John couldn’t say anything.
Sherlock jerks the tiniest bit. John can tell that he’s startled, and that
in frustration.
John shifts even closer, wrapping his right arm around Sherlock. He needs
back into office. They check every container, every lorry that entered the
hearing Sherlock whimper with surprise and arousal.
“A fuck of a lot,” John says.
“Don’t know. Something about your presence, about you, obviously made me want to explore sexuality as a part of human relationships.“
had liberties most of his friends did not have, just because she had to
“No,” Sherlock admits calmly. “There’s never been anyone.”
him.
his hand, he’d touch the boy. A few feet behind them, John is watching
And after the details come the thoughts, the deductions, flooding his mind,
He walks up to the shop afterwards, nodding friendly but awkwardly at the
been so fascinated watching Sherlock that he only now registers how unusual
“I think she is. Fine, I mean.”
and heads for the bathroom.
“Why not? Bother me. I care about you, John.”
actually is naked, and that’s what transports him back to his dream. That’s
they talk, careful what they do, careful where they allow themselves to be
“Yes, we are. Something must have gone wrong with the explosion, it
about.
through their pubic hair, resting in the small of their backs. They trail
office complex and a factory. No signs or names anywhere, but discreetly
In the late afternoon of the last Friday of September, he sits on the train
Sherlock kissed him.
Sherlock turns on his belly again and takes the mug, clearing his throat,
realises, and he didn’t expect that.
pinching John.
, Stones. John is getting excited in the way that
“John, come on, it’s not like we have never been away without her,” Sherlock says, dragging him gently to the door. John clears his throat. “Right. Thanks,
other.
“You ok?”
starts moving his fingers inside him, stopping when John tenses.
“And you wouldn't have any reason to complain about being bored,” John
John realizes.
John laughs and sighs.
slipping through his fingers. He keeps wondering what the fuck Sherlock is
arms crossed in front of her chest. Her lips are pressed tightly, a crease
“You know everything that’s important.”
“Yeah — yeah, I guess so,” John replies, voice croaking for a moment.
their faces, seeing their cheeks glisten with wetness. Sherlock’s beautiful
better at it. He’d learned how to draw it out and how to explore his
happier times before the fall and the sad times, which had been ever after.
watching Victor eating it had been worth it). Sherlock wouldn’t have minded
among Leicester Square’s buzzing masses under the bright neon signs, or
“Well, if you think so. Sure.”
“Let’s go downstairs, Joshua. The rehearsal is about to start.”
eye contact and engages in the conversation again, Sherlock remembers that
Even with a tedious, over-protective brother that got him out of…
boyfriend. You probably haven’t eaten anything but breakfast all day,” she
With Sherlock so distant, John only dares to touch him when the woman
artificially bright around the train as they roll into St Pancras
Sherlock pauses brushing his teeth, and without saying a word, he hands
ashamed of whenever he thinks of Gemma’s dad.
Of course, getting drunk didn’t help. Actually, nothing helped. John was lost. He had figured out he loved Sherlock a long time ago. And now other people
Sherlock pulls again on the cigarette, and a moment later, he exhales the
Sherlock’s breathing is a low sound in the dim light inside the tent,
between his anus and his cock. John understood at once how people were able
“Yeah, you could say that,” Bill says quietly. “What’s happened, John? I
his fake smile, desperately hoping that Sherlock is okay.
because Sherlock tenses the tiniest bit. But when Sherlock doesn’t say
fucking life.
until now, they never discussed how to spend their days here. Everything
face. He needs to hide for a moment, until he can breathe again.
hadn’t hit her or anything, he never did, thank God. He never hit any of
his hands into Sherlock’s dark curls. Pulling his head and his mouth closer onto him. But finally he gives in, and when he does it, he feels Sherlock growl
is absurd.”
when he leaves the office.
about my sexual orientation.”
was about to say something along the lines of
“Of course,” John chuckles. “I guess Mycroft didn’t like it?”
John watches him as his head vanishes into the ocean and then, after a few
one unsettling instant, he’s lost, until he remembers where he is, what day
lost that way.”
screen.
wine, but he feels light-headed nonetheless. When Harry suggests that she
head to see what she’s gazing at. Gemma’s coming back, with two water
the Polish authorities. An impressive number of Polish criminals have
running a number of tests, he is doing the CT just now. He will have to
The evening passes quickly, and Sherlock and John don’t stay long. When the
wakes up. John is sitting next to him on the edge of the bed. He hands him
for this fic when I was feeling rather insecure about the whole thing.
“But…” - and with one sudden, hard move, Sokół strikes out and punches
brutality and of polish descent. He goes by the name of Krystian Mazur from
John smiles, hiding behind his smile as if he was simply being polite, his
too. Or so I had hoped. I was angry at myself. For falling for her, for not
Okonjo stays back, ready to get in when Nicholls’s men have secured the
He’s trying not to thrust into Sherlock’s mouth, but he can’t tell if he’s
For an inexplicable moment, the universe was in a state of perfect
ache from the strain, but he finally catches up with Sherlock.
Now he has to stumble through the darkness, trying to find his seat. Row F,
he has to focus on where he is — on the small things around them, just to
heart. But it was a genetic disorder that time… Molly, did you have a closer look at her heart already?”
Matilda has found a box of toys in her room, drags some of those clumsy
“Would you just — hold me, John?” Sherlock seems to be full of doubt, as if
, your
he asks quickly, trying to draw the conversation away from the fact that he
there to check the situation. Although the possible Taliban camp would
spot of Sherlock’s body no one gets to see. Even when Sherlock’s naked in
than a big scratch.
much energy. One evening that week, John realized that if he didn’t make himself get out of this situation now, he might never do it.
dusk. It suits her. She’s turning more and more into the kind of person she
“Yeah?”
sides, and Sherlock gasps, and then, pulling John with him, sinks down on
different. They… were very brutal. The back, you know. That happened there.”
in the past when it didn’t look as if he would get too old anyway. He
Sherlock looks at John, and John looks back at him. It is like an
John pants harder, thrusts harder, and Sherlock knows he is about to come. He breaks up his kisses, “Fuck, Sherlock, oh God, holy fuck... Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, oh... my... God...“ and spends himself.
holds a strange fascination for him. Maybe Sherlock’s right, maybe he
and they swim for a long time, until the people blur against the white
to drugs. They have to sort out this mess together.
takes her, holding her a little closer and tighter than usual. Feeling her
“Have to go back to work.”
“Helps me think,” Sherlock replies, staring into the fire.
falling again.
collapsing between the two of them.
body flashes across John’s mind, of digging his fingers into his skin,
fuel surprise and want, how to please. Suddenly a wave of ridiculous
sighed. He tried talking to him again the next days, but eventually, he gave up. Before he left for his London office again, he came to see Sherlock once
“I — Thank you. Mum. We’re…”
When John hears someone enter the shower room, John turns his head. A few
in ages. Those special effects were positively mind blowing.”
Sherlock’s hairline and the middle of his forehead look like, and what was
they talk — it brings them closer together, back to how they were in
he squints his eyes, as if searching for something on the horizon.
kiss, salty like the sea, salty like tears.
“Don’t know. Maybe.”
balls and cock. As Sherlock grazes his teeth across John’s neck, he presses
nervous as he expected; in fact, he’s a lot calmer since he told Sherlock,
in his lover’s arms. “Not sure if we can still call it breakfast. Must be
stay out long, he has to revise for the exams all weekend. Actually he
water.
is failing him. All he wants is to sleep and to feel John close and this
the sea beneath them, trying to catch his breath. He feels a little more
the grey ocean. It has calmed down a bit, but it’s still rough, still
room and hands him a package. "From Mr Holmes, Sir," he says and John is
A deep brown puddle covers almost the whole path, and they have to balance
Sherlock working John’s cock so perfectly that John has to close his eyes
definitely
the tent closed and John is about to stop him. He doesn’t want to bother
motion in itself. It’s paralyzing and making his body feel like liquid at
school. There are no fees for normal med school, but —
home anymore. John thinks about the new flat, empty and bare, not feeling
tiny cheek. Only minutes later, he falls asleep, his limbs heavy from the whisky and his mind peacefully blank.
moves out after the holidays. Without her noise and her nosiness. He’ll
down the shaft. Sherlock takes the lube and pours the watery liquid onto
sounds so hurt.
eyes away from each other, turn and head back to the shore.
But this remains a mere attempt of conviction. These words, spoken to
world has shrunk to. Sherlock would always show up again. Worry starts
now John can even read the title,
“Sherlock, are you ok?“, he whispers. He kisses his wet cheeks.
! It’s Sherlock!” John
opens it, defeated by its sheer presence, and takes out the things he
Margaret radiates a unique kind of authority. Secretly John always enjoys
“You know, when I last talked about this with my mum — she knows I want to
die away on their way into the starlit indigo sky.
John is standing at the bannister with Joshua, pointing at streets and
that’s been lingering there since last night.
faster with every step.
It’s not easy, talking about this. He’s never found it easy, not even with
“Come for me Sherlock, now.”
at him. Suddenly he’s is shaky with nervousness, a blush heating his
broken planet.
for each other and that they so often forgot about. The smile had lingered
for John. John meets his gaze, than looks at Arnel, finding him smiling.
Sherlock is watching him, and John finds he doesn’t quite know what to do,
“You’re ok? You hit your head when you jumped out of the van? It was
there are more lines around his eyes than when they first met. Sherlock
John thinks he can hear a plea to settle this later, maybe tomorrow on the
never allowed to sleep over. So when he’d had sex with them, either he or
But before he can come up with anything to say, Harry continues, “As long
must have got while they had still been on the mission. Sleep and rest have
miscalculations, maybe the drugs had been too pure. Maybe he hadn’t quite
detached, well, brother-in-law. Whatever Mycroft might be to him.
intend to do so, he
Harry tenses, sits a little straighter and swallows. Suddenly his sister,
imagine there’ll be days when John won’t touch him.
toilet bag. He returns with a bottle of lubricant and a few condoms, foil
mum gets up and sits down on the chair next to him. She doesn’t say
— John had tensed realizing where this was going.
isn’t sure if this should alarm him or calm him down, if Sherlock’s brother
first time. His eyes lighten, but not fully. He drops his gaze to the
into their backpacks. Looking at the sea, shimmering between grey and
“I’ve no idea. He barely even said anything. I’ve got to get back to the
John looks into the fire, hiding his smile.
been on.
out. He still doesn’t really feel ready to face the world.
It’s — it’s fucking
time he closes and opens his mouth around John’s cock. John hears
tight as John has hoped it would be), he drinks. John watches his Adam’s
When the bottle of wine is empty, the others decide to spend the rest of
always takes his breath away. Now he also has to think of the sea sparkle
Sherlock gasped. The wet, firm flesh of the peach felt perfect on the head
finally dares to look up, the man is only smiling at him, like he’d smile
“You take them out to Mrs Hudson’s bins
Matilda’s weeping has softened. He rushes out of the bathroom again and climbs up the stairs to their bedroom. He lies her on her changing table to clean
attracted or God knows what to him. And what Sherlock might possibly feel
the beach and up the dune. When they arrive, there’s a group of maybe ten
time.
“What?”
seeing her rebuking Sherlock and Mycroft. Sherlock's parents are different
father in the world.
Chewing the apple John realises he’s hungry. It must be past noon already,
John feels the muscles inside of Sherlock clenching around his cock when Sherlock finally comes with a hoarse cry,
have felt when he’d come to the conclusion that splitting up with John was
honest, in his mind they hadn’t belonged to any of his schoolmates, either.
annoying - football, school, girls.
“That makes it ten, John.”
bait.
She’s still waiting. When John doesn’t add anything, she asks, like a
every possible way, but it isn’t working. Although she may be oblivious
much pain. And yet, he still dreads more pain — the pain that is yet to
and anger flicker in Bill’s eyes.
swallowed by the low swoosh of the sea and blinded away by the burning sun,
“Sherlock.”
had refused to answer Mycroft every single time.
He briefly stops as if to rest, eyes for a moment darting up to John’s.
Maybe. The thought of it makes him nervous, but he’s also determined. He
even more. Which led Mycroft to the conclusion that more sophisticated spying was the only option he could take care of his brother.
miracle, the absolutely best thing in the universe.
“You keep messing up Mycroft a little, I hope? He could use that.”
trace of chuckling. He couldn’t help but lift his hips from Sherlock and
They slowly withdraw from each other, just a few inches. It feels as if
“You’re a bit quiet today,” Harry states, watching the sea again.
Sherlock spreads his legs a little wider,
his neck is intensifying the sensation of his fingers dancing across John’s
deeply, making him sigh against his lips when he finally pulls back.
Never in his life had he felt something faintly resembling this.
“Hey,” John says, feeling a smile spreading on his face. And without
John spots tears slipping from his eyes. Sherlock stills and wipes at his
focus on John. He looks dazed and blissed-out, like perfect, calm
pulls up the sleeping bag, enough to cover his groin.
Neither of them says a word for a while. John brushes his thumb up
sometimes, on his own, late at night after a party, lying drunk in his bed.
curls up on his side, hot tears spilling from his eyes, stirring the
“Hey John! How is your head? Looks like you are going to have a bit of a scar there.“
Mrs Hudson smiles at John.
He swallows.
letting himself be held, in plain sight for everybody else.
his phone. His pale face is illuminated by the blue glow of the screen,
about it, about the way his body reacts, about his throbbing cock, about
say.
the courage to find out what it meant that he did.
stirs desire inside him, deep, all-embracing desire and lust.
body away from Sokół.
John’s not hungry, and he doesn’t want any of the food he finds on the
of a man he doesn’t even know, tries to imagine how he’d say those words.
straightens with tension, squaring her shoulders. Gemma’s dad exhales, his
damp and smells faintly of the sea. It feels good. It feels more precious
what looks like a meeting with five officers John doesn’t know yet. Reid
I'm still working on this fic. I know it has been a long time since I last posted. Life is busy and challenging right now, so I can only write in 20 minute stretches (at most). I sometimes post about my small bits of progress on my tumblr (alexaprilgarden here as well), if you're in the mood.
man in the world.
After a few moments, Sherlock opens his eyes. They’re dark, and John knows
arms around them.
ignore what’s happening.
Sherlock leaves without another word.
Sherlock is hard, his cock pressing against John’s lower back. John turns
the man calls, clearly
“I used to have a similar one.“
“Everything went fine, Mrs Hudson?“
He misses the sex, of course. But also he misses Sherlock’s hand on his
the gardener, this time. John dips his head to hide his wide grin and says, “Bloody amazing.”
why, “See you later?”
you’re everything, John. Everything I’ll ever…” — but he trails off, and
at bay. So when he spots a deserted bottle of wine on a sideboard, he takes
a breath. Sherlock’s panting turns to groans. There is nothing he can do
The second their mouths touch, John moves to brush his lips against
sunshine. John lies down on his side, still pulling Sherlock along with
the kitchen after he had moved in with Sherlock all those years ago.
what Sherlock is actually referring to.
The sound of his alarm clock drills into John’s consciousness, screeching
He closes his eyes and tries to picture Sherlock in his childhood bedroom.
he had been closing his eyes.
“Yes.”
jumps in, he doesn’t have to fight the onslaught of icy cold. He dives
freezer and shoved the peach inside. Nobody ever asked about his
muscles in his arse. And this fact had made John chuckle as well.
, he sits back on his feet and watches. He watches Sherlock, stretched out on his back in front of him,
Sherlock shoves his long fingers into John’s short hair and kisses him
exhaustion and frustration press up hotly behind his eyes, and then — it’s
But when John takes a few steps in Sibyl’s direction he finds that Sherlock has vanished again. He shrugs and smiles at Sibyl.
John’s shoulder is a hot flare of pain where he just stumbled backwards
He brushes his thumb over the heads of their cocks, spreading their precome. He is desperately curious for
Sherlock stops moving the glass, drinks and goes back to staring at the
Sherlock takes off his coat and shoes. After a while, John adds, “I… I just wouldn’t like being in my own now.“
John lets his head sink against the cool window; his skull vibrates with
“Now? It’s just starting to rain.”
because this is
They kiss, smiling into each other’s mouths, as if they’re enjoying a
“Good.”
Here are the phone talks between Sherlock and his dad and then between Sherlock's dad and John's mum. John doesn't hear any of it, so that's why they aren't in the chapter.
washing its waves against the shore.
his forehead, hiding his eyes. John brushes it away, finding a hint of
together. Margaret was right in saying that it was too dangerous if he
John can think of now is the taste of Sherlock in his mouth; salty, hot,
“Yeah. For bloody years.“
“Please, Johnny. Do a test.”
cigarettes, too little food. John really hopes they will spend the holidays
fingers wrap around emptiness, and he misses the pack. When he finally
connecting to our parents’ house. They will gladly support you at any time.
the laptop screen. “Thank you.”
selling the house. There’s still a mortgage being paid back, and both our
parents’ home for boarding school.
rest instead. He definitely needs as much sunshine as possible to blow it
He thinks of Sherlock, and now the memory of him is so strong that it
John thinks.
some some of your old pyjamas and shirts.”
strokes it and rubs his thumb across the slick head, making Sherlock groan.
In the evening, Harry and John make spaghetti and later on, they watch all
Sherlock is sitting at the edge of the hospital bed. John remains in the
know that I smoked a cigarette whenever I wanted to kiss you?” His voice is
buries his face in John's arms if he is facing him or he wraps himself
properly check whom he allows into our organisation. Ryś, there are people
him.
At nine o’clock, Novak is waiting for them in conference room three,
encouragements. She holds him, and she listens, to every ragged syllable he
comprehending way.
cigarette back to Sherlock; he just gently puts it to his lips. He feels
for everything he thought he knew about Mycroft.
eat something warm, it hasn’t felt this good in a long time. It takes him a
He glances out of the window a couple of times, increasingly scared to
desperate sound in the silent tent, and he can’t help but stroke himself a
he tries, hoping that Sherlock will say something,
“Yes, she nearly fell asleep over dinner. I had to put her to bed half an
the stairs, holding Matilda on his right hand to help her climbing the
thing as if it was a case and someone else’s life. And mostly it works. At
“I can... relate to a number of things in that film.” He pauses. “And
Sherlock.
Sherlock had licked John, steadily and relentlessly. It had felt like an
tries to avoid every thought about the one time he has seen Sherlock lying
can afford med school. Once again, he’s completely dependent on the
“Sherlock,” John says with a small hint of laughter in his voice. “Come
lips. John takes the lighter that’s stuffed into the pack, and leans in to
“Train departs at five past six Saturday morning,” Sherlock tells Mycroft
that Sherlock should eat more (even though he
his fingers around himself and the need for friction became irresistible.
his skin. Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but lets his backpack slip off his
(See the end of the chapter for
ocean still hasn’t calmed into the smooth mirror it used to be during the
John didn’t have the strength to fight James’s judgement or to make a point
spreads in his chest.
doctor and work hard to be the best and to keep himself from thinking about
“He means a lot to you, doesn’t he,” James says eventually. It’s not a
cigarette between John’s lips.
fact that he even met Sherlock here, that John fell in love with him, and
Sherlock surrenders to John, to his knowing hands, to his mouth, to his
Evans and his friend are still on the floor. Sherlock looks at John. He is lifting one corner of his mouth in a smile and is definitely a bit impressed. He
When he’s put it back into the sand, Harry asks, “Did you want to to kiss
with how little he called his parents. Something got out of control…” Sherlock trailed off, looking lost and tired all of a sudden.
“Listen,” Sherlock continues, clearly interrupting Mycroft, “I’m not going
John hates his brain for playing Sherlock’s words over and over again. It’s
were.
when Sherlock just
It feels like shit, this empty tent, and he leaves quickly. He should buy
can barely even see it. T’s just
all he can hear is the white noise of his too-fast heartbeat in his ears,
cigarette.
thinks, as he watches the flames and casts sideways glances at the boy next
beach. You want to join us?”
Sherlock tells him things he’s read up on in his book on marine biology.
into the familiar darkness of his bedroom, where he can find everything
John lies next to Sherlock for another moment. He holds him, but Sherlock
opens it and tries his best to read a few pages, watching Sherlock in
very existence of said friend.
want it, John?”
John has to think of his parents’ shabby, shady backyard where his mother tried to grow a few sad strawberries every year.
the smoke of their cigarette.
since John has been here, it’s cold.
Sherlock hears a rustling of sheets, John is getting up from his bed. He
“But — but I did when I got back. Two weeks after I went back to school I
“There really wasn’t much else to do around here, John.”
pushing his tongue between his lips once more. Sherlock gives a small groan
them is growing heavy. Suddenly it is just the two of them, here, now.
would reject him.
have just been. He needs to kiss Sherlock, John realises.
fucking hard Sherlock is. He swallows, and decides to find out how far
, to his ear again.
cheek.
step towards the door leading to the staircase to flee this place. Still
write Sherlock a note, and to give it to him when they part, later. If
Sherlock’s looking at him while he drags, and John’s heart beats a tad
“Yeah, thanks.” John looks up at Bill, not quite meeting his eye. He
John is nervous and too drunk. He rakes his trembling fingers through his
mentally revisiting that night, he simply listens to the sizzling of the
“I don’t care,” Sherlock replies with an air of mild disinterest.
And so Sherlock lies down in the same position John lay, the sofa still warm from his body. Matilda is a soft, light weight against his chest. Radiating
“Lead?”
breath. After a few moments, his heart is beating normally again.
him, resting his leg against John’s. Droplets of water run down from
a step towards their tent, but stops again. John looks at him, and Sherlock
finally had gotten rid of his pants as well, he wrapped himself in the towels and left a wet bunch of clothes in hallway.
“Lift your leg, John,” Sherlock had said, still grinning, and trying to
happened. He’d hoped for it sometimes, yes, and usually he’d made plans for
“Hey,” John croaks.
he can make out the broad stripe of the Milky Way. It’s huge. It’s so
his hair, always his hair. He holds him more tightly than he ever has
it’s futile, because no-one does. There’s no-one he even wants to think
says, turning, “Hey. You should come to my parents’ house for dinner
shift. She’s wearing her dressing gown, her hair sleep-messed the way it
“You want to talk?” Her voice is softer, closer.
John needs to piss, and he should have a shower before they leave, but
this feeling that something is going
“Sherlock’s high, Harry, he’s fucking high as a kite. I—” John tries to
John looks up from his plate. What was meant to be a short glimpse in their
and then he, too, says it again. “I can’t possibly put into words how much
stomach won’t stop feeling upside down for the rest of the night.
recedes.
than Redbeard or him. Someone out of Mycroft’s control. Still, he cared about why his brother chose to have a companion and whom his brother chose to be
not even knowing what he’s shielding it from. Sherlock threads one of his
stomach again, creeping up his throat, until he’s almost choking with the
and sit down, you two.”
colour, oscillating between grey, green and blue.
at Sherlock again. He’s already rinsed the soap and the shampoo off, now
right, Sherlock. It’s about time. Was nice catching up. Keep in touch,
stands there a little crookedly, utterly abandoned.
know everything. But he doesn’t want to push too far and scare Sherlock
It’s the first time he’s smoked without Sherlock. But he looks at him
his chest, and opens the file again.
this feeling, but the reality of it crushes his memory, oscillating between
of his heartbeat, he takes his time, kissing Sherlock properly. He even
Sherlock hums and turns his head until he can press a sleepy kiss to John's
“Oh, come here, sweetheart,“ John takes her on his arm.
out on the ocean, wondering how they’ll crash against the shore once they
