It was cosy and quiet but Dean followed his brother and his angel back out to the common room all the same and the three of them claimed three comfortable stuffed chairs next to the fireplace.  For now, Dean forced himself not to glare around at every person in the room and instead focused his attention on warming up and making sure no one came too close to Cas.
Cas had confessed that being trapped in the bunker with hunters was making him nervous and Dean had immediately been outraged.  Until Cas had looked up at him with the same expression so many of his brothers and sisters had before Dean mercilessly killed them.  Without a thought.  Without feeling anything at all.  Because they were angels.  It wasn’t like he was killing a
“Cas –“
big and the thought of just sitting in a motel room doing nothing while there were monsters that needed slaying had his skin itching unpleasantly.
like it’s gone.  But it’s not.  It’s still there.  He was
to and he needed every bit of himself that was left to figure it out because this had never happened before and that had to mean something. It
“What, Cas?"
mean partial,” Cas' expression cleared like he suddenly understood what the problem was.  “Gods like Kali and Artimus and the others
“Sorry.”
Cas shifted in his seat, one hand coming up to move over his mouth, fingertips dragging over his lips in a way Dean had come to realize was a nervous tick.
"Travelling with a non-human isn't much fun," One of the soldiers, Dean was almost certain it was Aldis, remarked with a knowing look.  "Holgier and I once crossed the entirety of Skyrim from Markarth to Riften with a Kajiit caravan."  He shook his head.  "They never tire, hardly need to eat and then go and forget two of the members of their group aren’t damn cats."
It was as if Hannah had removed blinders from his eyes and Dean was able to read Cas so much more accurately.  This wasn't Cas just being snippy – had it really ever been? - this was someone that had just realized a threat had noticed that he was wounded.  A predator that had just noticed his weak spot, and he was...
“Angels can read souls and sense intention, and even some emotion, from them.  I was just letting Castiel see for themselves that I mean no harm to them or to either of you and that I genuinely do want to help.”  He gave them a shrewd look, “Forbidding an angel from reading souls would be like trying to decipher someone’s mood and intentions with a blindfold on.”
"This is it, this is how I'm gonna die," Dean muttered, scrubbing at his face.
He started off in the general direction of where he remembered Cas talking about the air bubbles tickling his feet and it wasn't long before he found them.  He could hear them bickering in Enochian.  And it
Castiel nearly laughed, the hysterical sound pushing up his throat and leaking out the gaping hole in his neck before it could reach his lips.  Words would only do the same, so he didn't even bother trying to speak; merely shook his head, the barest twitch from side to side.
Thanks to the brothers, he had a proper place to do so.  He felt them trail him in to the room and felt their eyes on his back as he took the wobbly step over the ridge of blankets, flaring his wings for balanced when he wobbled a bit too much.
He decided not to mention that the pasta noodles were still sitting on the counter in their unopened box.
of the crimes I have committed.  How can I atone for my sins
Dean took a few slow steps over to him. Cas didn't look upset that he didn't remember any of the appliances, just frustrated.
Hannah and Cas stood when the brothers did, reaching their arms over their hands and fanning out their wings, lifting and flexing in lazy beats that made the dense mist around them swirl in giant vortexes.
Some amount of time must have passed then but it was impossible to tell just how much and he hated it, could vaguely recall a time when he could count every millisecond as it passed, but just couldn't remember
“Ok, the attitude isn’t necessary, Cas.  I get that you’re hurting but trying to guilt trip me into giving you drugs is just gonna piss me off.”  And he was pissed too. Pissed that Castiel could play him like a fucking fiddle and Dean could hardly stop from singing.
But all his new-found knowledge was not as comforting as he'd hoped, especially now that it looked like he might have learned it all too late.
?  Hiding, hide, hide, hide!  Don't make me sad...” his voice caught, eyes scrunched shut and red rimmed like he’d been crying hard for a long time.
After the last seventy-two hours he was probably feeling incredibly vulnerable.
Thank you so much to Michaela for beta reading :D <3
Tugging on his arm, Cas pulled him closer, right back between his thighs, and Dean released a breathy chuckle, feeling drunk.
he was going to feed them oxygen...but he
Sam grabbed his arm with a soft, “Dean…”
Dean felt his hackles rising and tried to ignore them.  “Are…are you a witch?”
Cas finally looked up from the water and to the brothers where they stood a good ten feet away, and his eyes locked on Dean as he stood slowly, his wings flexing at his back in a movement that probably meant something Dean wished he could understand.
“…you might be able to harness my grace when it surges,” Castiel told them all, looking more confident with his idea by the second.  “The flare will be massive and powerful; it might be enough to at least weaken her.”
The grid-lock in Dean’s brain finally released and he had to make a real effort not to charge forward like a bull.
"Good aim,” Dean mumbled, impressed with how perfectly centred the arrow was in the Orc’s eye socket.  It had hit with enough force to imbed itself well into the brain and Dean felt a twist of satisfaction at that.
Small talk eventually turned to talk of food and soon Dean was leading Jessy and Cesar over to the water where Sam was still standing at the edge, watching Castiel, who had wandered deeper in to where the water reached his thighs and over to the wall of rock opposite the trail, carefully picking a few little flowers growing out of the moss.
But Sam had stopped too, staring quietly at Cas with a small frown on his face.  Dean was about to ask what was wrong but then the feathers all down the back of Cas' wings rose sharply and the tips drifted away from his body as they fanned out.
When he ducked through the flap, it was surprisingly warm inside.  Another  iron fire bowl was sitting on the ground in the center of the tent and the three bed rolls had been placed around it, far enough away that a sleeper wasn’t going to accidentally roll in to it.  There was no smoke, only heat, and it seeped down into Dean's muscles and bones, easing some of the ache there.
” Castiel growled back in English.  He didn’t care what language he spoke, as long as his captors
“That's a record, I'll have you know,” the angel informed him.
Castiel stiffened imperceptibly, his gaze snapping down to the ground as if noting the distance between them and Dean was dismayed to notice Cas' toes twitch in the sand, as if he wanted to take a step back.
He tried to feel bad for frightening her, but couldn’t quite manage it.
.  Put him in danger
Castiel had five or six purple flowers clutched in his hand.  They had fat petals with tapered ends and little black leaves underneath them and something in the back of Dean's brain was telling him not to eat them.
"Sam would have called us if he had any new information."
His left foot, bare and with the cuffs of his jeans dark with moisture, landed in a puddle of water on the sand and, for a moment, it seemed to snag Cas' attention.  He stayed in a crouch, stared down at the little patch of water curiously, dipping his fingers into it and Dean could easily make out the glow of blue grace in his eyes.
"Just make sure you eat a couple times a day like we keep telling you and you won't feel so uncomfortable every time you eat," he promised.
Here Sam opened his mouth, very clearly having an urgent question, but Cas ploughed on, giving the younger brother a quick glance.  “Besides which, while I am fairly sure no angels have been here since the Oblivion Crisis, between the strong tradition of storytelling to pass history down to every new generation and the importance of the event itself…it just won’t be a problem.”
“You know you don't have to do something just because we tell – suggest it, right?”
And talk.
Angels don’t
"Yup."
He eased Cas’ bedroom door open and stepped into the dark room.
Eventually he became aware of pressure on his chest. Between the icy-hot shards of glass working themselves into his skin and the great serpent’s fangs inside his brain, it was easy enough to ignore.
Dean felt like he was sitting in a hospital, waiting for some doctor to come sweeping down the hallway to give him Cas’ diagnosis and it wasn’t a full minute before he was up and pacing.  It was an entire eternity more before three smart knocks on the iron door above him jolted him like an electric shock and he shot up the stairs.
The temperature of the floor was the least of his worries when he became aware of the throbbing pressure in his head.  It felt as if he’d been stabbed through the skull with an angel blade and somehow survived it.
Liam looked between them both, his eyebrows climbing.  “What is funny about that?”
“Yes,” Castiel admitted. “I am unaccustomed to sharing my thoughts so freely, and particularly when they concern the feelings of others. Is it my place to tell you how my sister is grieving?”
It’s more of a reaction than Cas might have expected. “Did you know Mr. Garland?”
Maybe it’s the ease with which they settled themselves in for the night. Maybe it’s the memory of that odd look in Castiel’s eyes. Or maybe it’s just the fact that they didn’t talk all fucking day, and Dean is bursting with the need for conversation.
The murmurs from the crowd grew louder, panic beginning to lace their words. Castiel raised his hand as he said, “Please, my friends, our alarm will serve no purpose.” He waited until they had subsided, then looked back to Muriel. “Your father was right to send you. Thank you for your service, my young friend.” He gestured to one of the attendants hovering nearby, who immediately approached and laid a comforting hand on Muriel’s shoulder. “Rest now. You have done well.”
And Castiel had proceeded to go stiff as a board, eyes hard as flint as he launched into a tirade about Dean’s arrogance, his entitlement, his disrespect for his position and the disgrace it brought on the name of Royal Protector. Dean had listened, shame and rage building inside him with every word, and when Castiel was finally finished, all he’d said was, “You could have just said no.”
"Dean, why are you saying this now?"
When he rounded the corner and entered through the kitchen door, he was presented with the sight he was probably least expecting - Cas was standing over the oven, having clearly just taken a steaming pie dish out of the oven. He even used the potholders Dean got for the bunker, after the one occasion when Cas took a roast out of the oven with his bare hands.
He looked at the angel and to say Cas was beaming was an understatement of the century. The look of pride on his face mixed with something warm and sweet in his beautiful blue eyes, something Dean craved and feared to put into words at once.
“What-?” The hunter asked, having completely forgotten what the topic of conversation was, and the words came out in a croak Dean would have normally been embarrassed about, if he wasn’t so entranced now. Cas looked at him with such intense fondness Dean felt he could drown in it.
That got the hunter to huff in amusement.
Rich, deep vanilla broken up by hints of orange and chocolate danced on his tongue in an overwhelming battle of tastes. The crust was made from some cookies pounded down with butter and it alleviated the sensation even more. The jam spread on top wasn't sweet like Dean had been expecting, it was sour and full of whole fruits and the hunter had no idea what it was and where did the angel get it from, but damn, he wasn't complaining. The whole thing was a little cheesy… but nothing above what you'd expect.
"Building a nest up there?" He asked, voice teasing. Cas smiled back but didn't pull his hand away.
Dean sighed and continued.
And then the flavour hit him.
"I'll probably keep apologising for that, and other things, for… well, forever. Just FYI."
"No, Cas, don't apologize. It's me who should be sorry. And I am, man, I am." He looked up from his coffee but he refused to make eye contact with the angel.
“Lactose intolerance can develop with age, Dean,” the angel simplified.
Dean didn’t look convinced.
Moments like these did happen between them sometimes, where Cas would get distracted by his inability to interact with something inherently human, and every time Dean had the image of a strange, big bird stuck in his head at the sight.
"I hadn't had a lot of time to test out my preferences, I suppose," he mused. "My living situation left me hungry most  of the time and I find that hunger makes everything taste incredible."
Or would this be it? A coffee cup in hand, early morning, not fully dressed, a steaming cheesecake that’s missing a piece bearing witness?
Guilt coiled in Dean's gut and he winced against his best attempts at not doing so. Cas took notice.
"More like fixing one that's already there," he retorted. Dean snorted with laughter.
Dean sighed and plopped down onto a bench next to the counter island, setting his coffee cup down.
Cas squinted.
You know.
The domesticity wasn’t lost on him. And yet, the whole affair felt so painfully… them. Cosy. Casual. Comfortable.
Cas closed the distance between them and touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead. A wave of warmth washed over the hunter, that feeling teetering between pleasant and overwhelming, those butterflies in his stomach bubbling up and escaping out of him on an exhale.
He stuck his head in the doorway with a big grin painted on his face.
Dean stopped at once. Cas squinted at him but didn't press.
Cas drew an angel blade from his sleeve, cut into the cheesecake (which felt somewhat sacrilegious to Dean) and placed a piece on a plate in one skilled motion. His eyes met Dean’s, waiting. Expecting.
It wasn’t just the slight lactose intolerance that grew in strength the older he got, and which he was desperately ignoring. His diet consisted of good things, things like milkshakes, cheeseburgers and pizza, things that brought him comfort - because let’s be honest, Dean wouldn’t surprise anyone who knew him if he admitted he was an emotional eater - and he was frankly unwilling to give up on that.
"I dunno. Maybe. Maybe I could believe that. But how I handled the situation, Cas, fuck," he risked a look at his friend. He was met with a look of sad understanding. It made his blood boil at himself a bit. "I coulda done something to help you out. We have credit cards, food, shit, I coulda at least gotten you a motel room. And I did jack. Like I thought you knew how to do it, how to be… how to live like us." His fists balled in pointless anger. Cas just let him feel his way through it. "I saw you didn't know what you were doing when Sammy and I looked for you. And I'm… so fucking sorry, Cas."
"Incredible," Dean said, astounded. "Cas, this is-"
“I dunno man, I sorta have this problem…”
"Screw you, man, I just got up."
"Your apology is unnecessary, but I do appreciate it, Dean," he said. The other man returned the smile.
"Angels…?" Cas looked confused. Dean just wanted to laugh.
The cheesecake kept steaming in front of them, wafting a dairy scent Dean's way.
“I dunno, Cas, why don’t you like food?” He fired, just a little annoyed. The angel shook his head.
Dean smiled lightly.
"Cause I'm tired, man. I'm old, and tired, and like you said." He swallowed hard, his eyes darting between the angel's eyes and lips. "About time I stopped being responsible for my dad's bullshit."
“Have a piece,” he invited.
“No, Dean,” he whispered fondly. “That’s love.”
“Yeah,” Dean swallowed again. The coffee suddenly felt like tar in his throat and he couldn’t get it to go down. “That it does. Like for example-”
Dean shifted uncomfortably.
“Just take it, man,” Sammy told him once, shoving a small tablet his way just as they sat down to devour a very cheesy pizza at some motel or other during a long research session for a case. “I don’t wanna have to explain to Cas you got jumped by a vamp because of a tummy ache.”
Not acknowledging he had a reason for something was kind of his whole thing - he’d feel a certain way, wouldn’t want to go deeper into why or even touch the matter with a ten-foot pole entirely, so he’d either not think about it or
"I didn't quite put it like that," Cas said.
“You know…” he shifted uncomfortably in his seat but he was already talking, the ball was already rolling and- oh, what the hell. “Sammy used to love cheesecake when he was a kid. He would get super excited and always ask for it on his birthday, right?” He chuckled at the memories of his overexcited, string-bean kid brother, but one could feel distance in that chuckle. “There was this one occasion, I dunno, his birthday or something, no idea. Dad asked what he wanted like a week in advance, and that was a big deal, you know, cause he rarely asked about this stuff. Sammy asked for cheesecake, figures. But then…” Dean’s expression steeled, the small smile sliding off his lips. “But then, uh, dad caught this case. Don’t remember what it was, what matters is - he left, two days before ‘cheesecake day’. And you know, when he was driving off, I think I knew he wouldn’t show…? Like, somehow…” Dean went quiet for a second, pushing the feelings back whence they came. Classic, repress those emotions, Winchester manoeuvre. He risked a look at Cas. The angel’s expression was indecipherable. “I tried, hell, I really did, but the cheesecake I came up with was… an abomination, man, it was
His eyes rested on the image of his older brother and his angel best friend sitting on the kitchen bench, looking completely absorbed in a tender kiss. Dean's eyes were closed and he was holding Cas' tie in a tight fist. It looked… adorable.
Just before he left though, he took one last look at the two lovebirds and with a small, fond smile, he declared quietly:
“There,” Cas said, smiling gently. “I fixed your lactose intolerance. If I had known it had become an issue for you, I would have amended it sooner. I did the first time I rebuilt you…” his eyes seemed to gloss over for a second, darting around the hunter’s face, as if taking him in, a stare so intense the air practically buzzed with it. The angel stood close enough to feel the heat of his body, to smell the ozone-laced scent of grace. Dean unknowingly wet his lips. “It must have come back again.”
Cas looked confused for a second and then his brow smoothed and he smiled, capturing Dean’s lips in a soft kiss.
"To kiss you."
“Cas,” he whispered, pulling just far away from the angel to speak, so close still that their lips brushed as he spoke. “Is that your mojo I’m feeling?”
“That’s not the same. You can’t taste all the individual molecules in a dish, you enjoy eating on other occasions. So why not cheesecake?”
The hunter cut him off.
“I dunno, man, people have preferences,” he said. “I don’t like
Dean didn’t like cheesecake.
The fondness in Cas' eyes was one to drown in. And god, did Dean want to.
"The uh… the cheesecake," Dean said, his voice cracking, suddenly self-conscious and aware he almost spilled just now. He pointed to the forgotten piece and Cas allowed him to do that, to redirect attention somewhere else, because he followed his gaze and reached for the cursed thing.
Cas’ eyes narrowed and he tilted his head slightly in that oh so Cas way, inquisitiveness sharpening his features. Dean turned around to refill his coffee cup to do something with his hands.
Cas smiled and shifted next to Dean, turning until he was straddling the bench to face the hunter. Dean swallowed hard at that.
"Yeah, maybe not," Dean admitted. His eyes were trained on Cas' lips and he shimmied a little closer to the angel, throwing his leg over the bench and sliding along it. Their knees touched. The coffee and cheesecake stood steaming, forgotten.
The hunter dug into the spongy substance and brought it to his mouth carefully, with little trust. Cas was watching intently. Dean's brows knitted together when he opened his mouth to let the cake in. The piece slid off the fork and plopped down on his tongue. Dean closed his mouth to chew.
"I made cheesecake." There was a small, pleased smile on his face when he looked at it.
Yes, it was blackmail, but Dean took the damn medicine and was rather grateful to not feel the pizza bouncing around in his stomach the whole night after.
"Guys…? I'm really happy for you."
Cas seemed to consider that for a moment.
“Yeah, well…” he chuckled bitterly. “I know that. But I don’t feel that. You know?”
Sam backed away tactfully out of the kitchen, deciding he could get a piece of cheesecake later. The sacrifices on his part were endless.
Like he needed to break through a wall of cheesecake before he could get there.
"What… are you doing?" He asked, his voice gravelly and rough.
The two men settled into a comfortable silence after that, Dean sipping on his coffee a little more carefully now with Cas observing him through it all the while. It wasn't weird by this point anymore, they had years and years of practice behind them.
"My dad wasn't cruel. He was just… concerned. Let us know early on he didn't wanna know, would get this look in his eye whenever he saw gay people in public. Wasn't often, not back then, but it happened. Kept talking about how similar to him I was, turnin' heads, breaking women's hearts, all that. Especially if I looked at a guy too long. Or 'wrong'."
And there was this feeling again, the bubbling happiness, the overwhelming peace, the butterflies that made Dean’s stomach do a summersault.
"I don't need to use the gloves, Dean, I can just heal my hands," he said, but the hunter yelled at him anyway. He was glad to find it stuck.
It was…
"Positive."
The things he wanted to say - they seemed ridiculous, and yet… so natural. Like he’s known them for years now, and maybe he really, truly has, he simply wasn’t ready to admit them to himself yet.
Sam wandered through the bunker and into the kitchen, drawn in by the amazing smells wafting through the air.
The hunter took a step back and cleared his throat, one hand smoothing non-existing wrinkles on his robe. Age was yet another thing he refused to touch with a ten-foot pole. He tested his knee again, then moved his left arm around some and there was no pain. Cas must have taken care of that, too, the sly bastard. He didn’t even feel tired or groggy anymore. The perks of having an angel around.
"Dean I didn't mean… I'm sorry, I-"
"What?"
Cas didn't seem surprised by the hunter's presence, on the contrary - it was as if he'd known Dean was there without looking. He gently set the pie dish down on the metal counter and put the gloves away before responding.
He closed his eyes and just kept talking.
not to think about it and fail miserably.
Was there ever a moment to be brave? A better one, perhaps? Both of them had a knack for the dramatic, would tragedy and carnage be a better companion to these words and feelings?
Cas’ eyes softened.
"Is that cheesecake I'm smell- oh."
The angel looked surprised, and yeah, Dean had no idea this morning would take this turn either, but it's not like he was complaining. After a moment Cas seemed to join him in the "no complaints" squad.
Dean felt strangely peaceful at that thought. He supposed, with dad being dead for about a decade at this point, he’s had enough time to lay it all out for himself. He wasn’t to blame for the times John wasn’t there to take care of Sammy. But Dean has also had plenty of time to understand knowing and feeling were two completely different things, and so, in his mind, the cheesecake was a symptom of something far greater than just an unsuccessful baking escapade. It was a symbol of all the times Dean failed Sammy, couldn’t take care of Sammy, couldn’t make Sammy happy. And even though Sammy was no longer Sammy, but Sam - a grown-ass man who had nothing but appreciation for his older brother - those feelings tended to linger.
He spit a mouthful of blood onto the pavement.
once it was all over.
Hearing his full name from Sam’s mouth was…odd, Castiel decided.  Sam and Dean were really the only two beings in the universe that called him ‘Cas’.  But he supposed Sam
“Alright then,” Crowley called after them.  “I’m sure you won’t have any problem asking your angel what he needs to heal up and he’ll have no problem telling you.  It’s not as if angels communicate with each other entirely non-verbally and using
Castiel remained silent on the other side of the table, just as Dean had ordered, and it only made things worse.
Dean felt sick, because this was a totally unfair position for Cas to be forced into.  He was always trying so hard to understand social nuances and he was always so scared of doing something wrong.  And he
Part of him wondered if Cas was better off not remembering them – or more importantly,
“Ok, this is ridiculous,” Owen was muttering to herself.  “This is lunacy, this can’t –”
Dean cleared his throat, looking down at his hands and digging desperately for the words he needed.  “He’s…it’s…”
“Cas,” Sam’s voice warbled, “You don’t have to get fat to stay warm.  Muscle mass can help keep you warm just as good.  Better, actually.”
“Your eyes are just white for me.  But yeah, definitely more glowy.”
need.  Tell us what you want, Cas.”
The tires squealed when they hit the paved road.
Before either of them could tell the angel they would take care of it, Castiel had glared a roaring flame into existence and within a few minutes the whole room had warmed to a cozy temperature.
“We’re out of books, we’re out of ideas, and Cas is literally too traumatized by the last ten years of his life to understand what is going on inside his head, much less communicate it to us in a way we’ll understand.  So, if you can’t get the information from the target, who’s the next best source of intel?”
The hunter held his hands up as a sign of peace and took several steps back.  “Sorry, man, I didn’t mean to…to grab for it, I just,” he cleared his throat, the sound jagged, while he ran a hand down his face, “I just wanna help.  I can see your hands shaking and I know the lines gotta be clean.”  Another swipe, at his eyes this time, followed by a hollow, broken laugh.  “But hey, I get it.  You don’t want a hunter carving stuff into your chest with one of the few things that can kill you.  ‘Specially since it’s my fault you even have to –“
He slumped to the floor while the screams grew louder between his ears and the phantom echoes of agony turned solid and slid their hooks into him, getting ready to pull him back down.
When they came to the intersection in the cobblestone road, Cas turned right, and they began a steady but thankfully shallow climb up switchbacks that had been cut into the hill and woven between large boulders and chunks of rock that had broken away from the mountain ages ago and were ever so slowly being overtaken by earth and foliage.  Tall pine trees began to dot the landscape, more and more of them rising up from the ground the closer to the mountain base they got, and the sound of the rushing rapids in a narrow river to the East was a quiet hum against the backdrop of gentle bird song and the breeze passing through the surrounding trees.
It was heartbreaking, the vulnerability Dean could see now underneath that angelic mask.  The way Cas couldn't quite seem to keep his nerves steady now that he realized that Dean
“Metatron –“
He smirked as he made his way to the kitchen, thinking of the profile he might set up for such a site.
Dean summarized their little scuffle with the bandits in Helgen the day before with color rising in his cheeks.
Young, but not stupid, Falion noticed.
“Take my hand,” Cas instructed, holding one out to each brother.
Dean had lived without Cas, he knew what that was like.  And now, after everything, after starting down the path to heal their little family, losing him wasn’t an option.
“So then why doesn’t the release spell work?”  Sam asked, making a vague gesture towards the book.
did the guy run hot.  "Get up, I wanna be on the road in ten minutes."
Mere minutes later, when he set the bowl aside, he felt like a new person.
Silence followed and the trio strained their ears for any kind of alarm being raised but heard nothing.
Dean had helped him to his bed; he had wordlessly watched as Castiel curled his right wing around his shoulder and laid down on top of it, then folded his left over himself to create a soft, warm, comforting cocoon.
“Don’t look at him, Castiel, look at me
"Dean."
He wondered how many days it had been now.  He couldn’t see the ticks on his arm in the dark, but he certainly did not have the strength to turn on the light.
Dean swallowed and met the angel's wild-eyed gaze. Cas was under Rowena's spell, if they cut him loose, who's to say the angel wouldn't immediately try to rip out their throats.
Sam looked back at the angel, having just been staring around himself.
Castiel's wings were folded loosely against his back, his feathers soft and a little dishevelled, just like the rest of him.  He was still barefoot and wearing nothing but the pair of jeans that Dean had long since outgrown and the mist was clinging to the angel's skin like morning dew clung to grass.
“Eight days,” Narfi answered with certainty.  “Reyda left to pick some flowers and...” he trailed off, reaching up to tug at his hair.
.  It was a gut feeling, something Dean just
In the loop enough to help but nowhere near any of the danger.
His grace was there, but it was dormant.
“I’ll check the waterfall later if he isn’t back by sundown,” Dean said, flipping a patty that was only starting to brown.
that should by wary of
“Come on, you can come ask him yourself while you have some pizza.”
“Mountain mint,” Castiel told Sam, “For when you can’t sleep.”
A moment of silence stretched between them and for once Dean just let it, watching Cas watch him as the light faded from his eyes and he could look into those stormy blues once more.
words.  It’s just…gonna take some getting used to, that’s all.  But it’s
Dean hit end call on his phone and looked up at Sam.  “Jessy and Cesar.”
“Because you’d have to
“Hello,” Adrianne’s husband greeted in a gruff but not unfriendly tone.  He sounded like he’d been smoking since he was a toddler.  “What can we do for you fine gentlemen?”
“No, Cas, that's – that's not –”
His face was wet.
Still, he’d take it.  Cas was nearly healed up now and every time Dean remembered that fact a fresh and fierce wave of gratitude and relief washed through him, just as raw as the first time he had finally realized that Cas would really be ok.  The three of them were home and safe and happy and working on their issues together.  Like a real family should.  They hadn’t been hunting since the showdown and were taking things slow, letting all their physical and mental wounds heal before they even sat down to talk about getting back in the game.
For a moment Dean wasn’t sure Cas was going to answer.  A muscle jumped in his jaw and he swallowed as if the mere thought of telling a stranger about any weaknesses he had was going to make him physically ill.  Dean shifted, aching to at least be closer to the angel to lend some support, but he got the feeling Cas wouldn’t let him get close.
"The final event, some believe, is the civil war currently wreaking havoc in Skyrim.  As you may have heard, High King Torygg of Skyrim was recently killed by Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, leaving the province without a unifying leader.  It was this that finally tipped the region into the civil war that had brewing for the last hundred years.”
He froze with a piece of meat half way to his mouth and waited for Cas to reach back to the base of his wing again. This time he saw that the angel's fingers were shiny and wet with something and that he was using it to coat his feathers.
Instead, Dean thought it would be lame to capture that moment in film. Instead, Dean didn’t say anything to Castiel and just listened as the latter chatted animatedly. To this day, Dean could see the sun’s halo around Castiel, could hear Castiel’s laughter every time the sun sets.
“Meraki?” Castiel had continued, tilting his head ever so slightly as he gazed inquisitively to Dean.
There was a moment of silence before Anna spoke again, “Why now Winchester? I’ve been bringing girls and guys before. Why’d you suddenly decided to say something now, huh?” Her voice was raw. It had been a long time since Dean had heard that vulnerability in Anna’s voice.
row, beside a girl with a pointed nose, he faintly remembered as Becky. Dean made his way to the seat as his professor droned on. Unfortunately, Dean made the mistake of making eye contact with the girl beside the empty seat. As soon as the girl realized Dean’s intention, she hurriedly proceeded to throw her bag onto the seat.
But Dean was a coward. He succumbed to his own fear.
“It’s been three months since you fucking partied with us. Get your ass over here, right now.” Nick barked, voice deadly serious.
With shaking hands, Dean rose and headed to the bathroom. He grabbed a new set of razors and raised his boxers to expose his thighs: solid and built with muscle, scarred and bruised with linear strokes.
He sighed, “I’m not kicking you out, I just-” He made the mistake of gazing into Castiel’s ocean eyes, Castiel’s dry pinkish and luscious lips, and Castiel’s dark mane that he had been growing.
“Anniversary.” Dean breathed, realization dawning on him. He felt so foolish, so fucking foolish. How could he forget? Dean wanted to bang his head on the nearest wall. No wonder Castiel had been ignoring him!
That brings them to this coffee shop that Castiel had chosen. No books, laptops, or worksheets like their usual tutoring sessions. Instead, Castiel was leaning on his hand placed on the table. Instead, Castiel was smiling at Dean. Dean thought about his professional camera at home. He thought of taking a photo of that moment: of dusk approaching behind Castiel, of the sun slowly descending and shadowing Castiel’s caramel skin, of Castiel beaming at him with his sky blue eyes filled of warmth.
Dean’s alarm blared beside him, jolting him awake. He groaned and turned it off. He was drenched in sweat, eyes wet with saline, and a throbbing pain in his pants. With a sigh, he moved robotically to head for a cold shower.
If Dean could beg Castiel for forgiveness, his apology would have probably started here. Spring break of his third year had just ended. Castiel was finalizing his requirements for his incoming graduation. Their anniversary was just around the corner. Yet for some reason, Dean had forgotten about that night he had asked Castiel to make it official.
“I know, Amara. I know and you don’t have to say it.” Dean snapped, words coming out more scathingly than he had intended.
What he didn’t expect, however, was the conversation he overheard as he stepped into the foyer, still unseen to the two people inside.
The girl glared at Dean and waited for Anna to say something. When Anna just continued to stare at Dean with green eyes slowly concentrating, the girl let out an offended snarl before walking out.
Amara sighed, “He would’ve liked you to continue with it, Dean. You know that.” She added softly.
Dean sipped his chocolate milkshake, watching Castiel with amusement. It was their first date and all his worries from the night before had disappeared. Why did he even worry? We were talking about Castiel here. Castiel, who would randomly ask strangers if they can pet their dogs. Castiel, who made faces to make babies smile. Castiel, who didn’t run away from Dean when he had taken a step towards him.
Anna ran her fingers through her hair, exasperated as she explained begrudgingly, “While you were partying at Jo’s last month, Cas was waiting for you in the college’s rooftop. He was so fucking excited Dean. You should have seen him. Fuck, you were supposed to see him! But you weren’t there, you never showed up even. You totally forgot what you have promised a year ago. Maybe next fucking time, you should remember your-”
There was a movement in the periphery of Dean’s vision. As astonished as he was to wake up to the scene unfolding in front of him, he was awake enough to shift his attention to the movement that caught his sight. This sight, however, would forever haunt his every waking and sleeping moment.
Dean should have probably thanked his professor. After failing miserably on his orgo midterm (Benny was throwing his annual party the night before and Dean may have vomited on his exam paper the very next morning), his professor had forced (the fucker used the word
, Dean.” His heavenly blue eyes were laced with carnal desire.
One hour into the lecture and five levels up in piano tiles, Dean could fool himself into thinking that he can survive through 8 AM, morning orgo lectures. His professor, obviously, had other ideas.
, the dial read. He pressed the phone to his ear with his left hand, while his right hand was drawing circles on Castiel’s bare thigh.
So instead, he forced himself to smile, “Me dating Castiel? That ought to be the biggest joke I’ve ever heard in my entire fucking life.”
With a heavy sigh, Dean reached out to his phone.
Castiel gazed at Dean, blue eyes wide with curiosity. “Nick needs my ass in the apartment.” He explained, already lifting Castiel off his lap as if he weighted nothing, and reaching out to grab his jeans.
Dean’s grip on the glass tightened so hard that the glass broke within his touch, shards of glass sinking into his skin. Water dripped from his hand. The dam behind his eyes broke.
“What?” the red-haired lady with hollow cheeks and eyes asked, voice raspy from alcohol and lust.
But, that didn’t mean that he cared. He wasn’t certain if he was even capable of caring anymore.
Dean’s eyes flew to the person beside him. He had caramel skin, chiseled features, and electric blue eyes. He had a strong jaw with a mild shadow. He wore a loose hideous trench coat that made him stood out like a sore thumb. Dean wasn’t sure whether he was enthralled or weirded out by the great juxtaposition that the man was. There was something captivating about him yet he also felt out of place. Dean couldn’t figure out what it was.
“I love it.” Castiel whispered with a smile, mirth in his eyes as he closed the gap between them. His lips gently brushing against Dean’s.
Everyone Dean ever loved sooner or later left him. They realized that Dean was lacking in so many ways. That he was never worth staying for.
Castiel frowned then, “I mean, I’m sure I don’t look like this in real life. Just how much did you Photoshop these photos?”
Castiel didn’t even blink as his gravelly deep voice echoed in Dean’s head, “Goodbye, Dean.”
He was wearing a green-toned plaid shirt that Dean had left in his apartment weeks ago. Along with it, he had that extremely baggy trench coat that Dean always referred to as the Cas uniform. His dark hair fell down his perfectly chiseled face, the tips reaching his wide shoulders. He was a gripping an all too recognizable bouquet of blue hydrangeas in his hands. Castiel’s pinkish lips were fixed into a tight line. His flaming blue eyes, however, burned Dean. They were swimming with grief, with palpable pain, with depthless anguish.
It was his worst nightmare.
“Tell me about your tattoos.” Castiel hummed, fingers tracing Dean’s painted arm. Castiel was on his tummy, bare and broad shoulder exposed for Dean to lust on. His feathery dark hair fell on one side; displaying the soft honey skin of his neck, which Dean had marked with purple kisses.
Castiel,
“Fuck you, fine.” He bit out, hanging up.
“Almost done with it.” Another silence.
There was a short pause.
Dean bit his lip, fighting the tears that sprung up to his eyes.
Dean scratched his neck. He suddenly felt really tired, as if the exhaustion from the past few days was catching up to him. “Anna, I’m not telling you what to do. I’m just looking out for you.”
“You take such lovely pictures. Is this how you see me?” Castiel was smiling again, hands flipping through the photographs that Dean had taken. They were mostly pictures of Castiel during their dates. Castiel on a field of flowers. Castiel trying out different kinds of pies. Castiel playing with puppies.
He whispered to himself.
It wasn’t until he ran into Anna in a nearby coffee shop did Dean find out. He was calling out Anna’s name. He was certain that he had made eye contact with the pale girl. The other, however, ignored him. She avoided Dean even. Dean tried to keep up with Anna, who was quickly walking out of the café. He managed to catch Anna’s arm, “Anna, wait for fuck’s sake.”
. His friends could look past his tattoos, could tolerate his grumpy moods, and could even keep up with short temper. Yet Dean wasn’t sure how they would react if they found out that Dean was dating a guy: that
It was his canvas; a portrait of his physical pain, which was nothing compared to the anguish that devoured him from the inside. With teary eyes, Dean chose to surrender. He chose to feel physical suffering in order to momentarily escape the stabbing misery that was his ceaseless companion.
That was how he met Castiel. If Dean could turn back time, he probably would have just slept in the morning of that class instead. He probably would have sat beside Becky instead. He probably would have dropped that class. He would have done anything simply to have not met Castiel at all.
Castiel. Dean shrugged in response.
“Anna, I just-” a muffled choke, “I don’t think we can work out.”
“Everytime we go out, it feels like he’s taking me out because he needs to. He never puts in any effort and at first, I thought that was how he simply was. But I don’t know anymore, Anna
Forgot what? “Just tell me what it is, Anna.”
“Have you attended your photography classes yet?” She pressed.
“Oh yeah?” Anna mocked, sarcasm dripping from her voice as she continued, “And who do you think you are to tell me what to do?”
Anna broke into a hollow laughter, “Don’t you fucking dare talk about him. Don’t you fucking dare make it seem like I’m a slut. Last time I checked,
If Dean could pick a moment where it all started to go downhill, it would have been that night. He had been dating Castiel for the past nine months, spending most of his time in the other’s apartment. He was either lost in books or in Castiel’s gentle touch. He hadn’t been partying much and his friends, particularly Benny and Nick, had been giving him a hard time.
Sure, He was meeting his friends, his support group. That was because their familiarity comforted him. They might have treated him like he was made up of glass. Yet with them, Dean could remain silent. He could remain lost in thoughts and they allowed him that personal space.
Dean stopped in his tracks and rolled his eyes. It wasn’t the first time that this happened before and it didn’t really matter to him anymore. It did piss him off because now, he had no choice but to sit in the front. There was an empty seat on the front row beside a dark-haired guy. Dean considered sitting in the front row, showering in his professor’s saliva, or – He realized he didn’t really have a choice and that the professor had stopped lecturing and was glaring at Dean. With a sigh, Dean proceeded to the front row and sat beside the unfamiliar guy.
“You know, the few times that he did spend time with me? He always stayed for sex. He always made sure to see me at least once a week to get laid. Then he would stay the night and the next morning, and I could fool myself into thinking that maybe this is fine. We are fine. Why? Because those few hours felt
Dean flinched. Photography classes? Dean hadn’t been to his photography classes in a long time. He had not been to the university campus in more than a year. Not after what happened. Not when the every room, every plant, every wall reminded him of Castiel. Besides, how could he?
Dean stifled a smile and instead, he grumbled, “You say that about puppies and babies too.”
Benny laughed at that, “Is that the girl with a blue miniskirt?”
Dean hesitated, sighing before he answered, “Yes, it is. A pair of angel wings.”
Dean chuckled softly. He didn’t have to Photoshop any picture of Castiel, for every picture shone by itself. Castiel was like the sun, always bringing warmth with him. Dean murmured, “Too much Photoshop. I had to stay up for a few nights.”
“What the fuck does Jo have anything to do with this?”
about anything anymore? Sure, he was going to Bobby’s garage to work. Yet that was because they were the distractions that worked best.
Dean forced himself to trudge on, arriving in class 10 minutes late. As he walked in, the old bald professor with a toad face studied him, eyes moving up and down. Dean could hear Professor Zachariah’s thoughts, could feel the impression and judgement forming, as the elder’s stare hardened at his figure. Dean stood a bit taller, straightening his spine. He was wearing a plain black shirt underneath a red-toned plaid shirt with his distressed, ripped jeans, and brown Timbs. Both of his arms were adorned with intricate tattoos, different shades of black and red painting every inch of his skin. He had a notch in his right eyebrow and his left ear was pierced with a black stud. Dean looked like he was trouble… and he was. Trouble was his middle name.
Then he was out of the door.
Their hands intertwined in the college’s rooftop, as Castiel was stargazing and Dean watched Castiel. While Castiel was appreciating the constellation of stars above them, Dean was admiring the wrinkles dancing on his caramel skin. Castiel was looking at the star above. Dean was watching the brightest of them all, the one beside him. With a shaky voice, he had asked Castiel then, “Would you be my boyfriend?”
Amara didn’t flinch though, immune to Dean’s outbursts. Instead, she dropped the subject and proceeded to ask Dean about Anna. “Is Anna still drinking as much? Still partying as much?”
The emptiness that had been his constant company for months began to crawl and settle inside of him.
Castiel threw him a look and a playful punch at his shoulder.
Dean ignored Anna and looked at the girl instead, “I’ll get you a cab.” He muttered, untangling the two. The girl looked surprised, turning to Anna with questioning eyes.
“Don’t test me, Dean. It’s been too long and you fucking know it.” Nick’s words were dripping with malice. Dean knew then that Nick probably had his stack of magazines in one hand and a lighter in the other.
. Dean squinted, trying to look for an empty seat at the back of the classroom. He spots one in 13
Castiel was at the door.
“You came in late, played games on your phone the entire time, and you don’t know how to make aldehydes from a secondary alcohol?” The professor continued, each word dripping with sarcasm.
“But Dean, it is. You’re her friend. You care about her too.”
He chuckled, pushing the younger away as he mumbled, “It’s been ringing for a while now. Just answer it and get it over with?”
“Don’t you think pumpkin are the best thing mankind has ever discovered?” Castiel grinned, excitement glittering his bright blue eyes.
He woke up from a loud horn from outside. He could feel his head throbbing and any thoughts of opening his eyes seemed too frightening to do so. Hence, he kept his eyes closed and focused on his breathing instead. It was then that he realized that there was a heaviness on the left side of his bed, on Castiel’s side of the bed. There was a head laying on his chest and Dean’s free hand immediately flew to the source of the familiar warmth. He loved waking up next to Castiel. If there was anything he needed given the flaring headache he was having, it was undeniably Castiel’s smile, Castiel’s kiss, Castiel’s scent. Dean ran his fingers across Castiel’s hair, marveling at the soft hair seeping through the gap between his fingers. Yet the strands of hair seemed longer than usual. That was weird.
When Dean jolted awake, his breathing was utterly uneven. His face was wet with his own tears, while his body was coated with sweat.
Dean had forgotten that night when his world seemed to finally make sense. He had forgotten that magical moment one year ago. Hence, instead of being beside Castiel on the rooftop as he had promised to do for their first anniversary and the next ones, Dean was at Jo’s house. His head was throbbing, his throat was burning, his hands shakily grabbing yet another drink.
Dean gulped, dick twitching at Castiel’s desperate request. “Gladly.” He answered, and so he did, wholeheartedly.
Dean had always been a doer. Thus, he showed how much he adored, how much he cherished, how much he worshipped Castiel with his hands and mouth that night and every night after.
There was a naked girl on Dean’s bed, lying on top of Dean’s bare chest.
“Dean, you don’t have to. I’m just saying that-”
Yet Dean knew exactly what Castiel meant. Dean saw Castiel as brightly as a blind man saw the sun for the first time. Castiel always found the beauty in everything. As for Dean, Castiel was the beauty of everything. With his golden skin and twinkling eyes, he made every scene of Dean’s life worth living for. Yet Dean didn’t have the guts to tell Castiel this. He had always been a doer, not a talker.
Dean’s heart stopped.
“Go back to your apartment. I’ll grab you a glass of water.” Dean was saying, proceeding to the kitchen.
Dean sat with a thud, taking out his iPad to play games while pretending to take notes from the lecture. His head was still throbbing and he felt nauseated, he could even smell himself reeking of alcohol. He just needed to get through two hours of this stupid introductory lecture and he could go home, crash, and regret his decisions from last night. His next class was at 2 PM, that was bearable at least.
Nick was nodding eagerly. “Speaking of blues,” he turned to Dean, “You still hanging out with that guy who wears that ugly ass trench coat?”
He seemed to like that, surrendering to Dean’s touch as he snuggled closer to Dean. Dean, on the other hand, savored Castiel’s warmth and vanilla scent.
“Why are you kicking me out?” Castiel whined, wiggling in his position. If a human’s body could combust, Dean was sure his would have at that exact moment.
“It’s just- Anna, he hasn’t even told me that he loves me, you know? It’s been a year and I’m still the only one who tells him how much I love him, how much he means to me.”
Dean tugged at Anna harder, addressing the girl as he continued, “My friend had too much to drink for tonight. I’ll walk you out.”
“I- I think I deserve better than how he’s been treating me. I think that I deserve better than this.” Castiel finished; his voice was low as a whisper, weak and fragile.
“Okay good. Come over tonight at like 7 PM. I’ll leave the door open so you can just come in without asking. Because, otherwise, Tae won’t let you in.” Anna explained, eyes gentle and voice tender.
Dean paused. Unable to face Anna, he whispered, “
Anna turned instantly, jaw set and eyes hard. “What do you want, Dean?”
He thought Castiel could hear them, could see them, could
“What do you mean?” Dean asked lazily, eyes glued to the screen.
Dean met his glare then, “You’ll regret it in the morning. You’re so drunk that you ended up walking into my apartment instead of yours.”
“This one.” The said boy whispered rasply, eyes glittering with childlike curiosity. Dean hesitantly tore his gaze away from Castiel, sparing a glance on the tattoo that Castiel was touching.
“How was your day, Dean?” Amara smiled amiably. They were supposed to meet on Thursday two weeks ago for their bi-weekly therapy session but she had to reschedule it to Friday this session.
Dean could hear sniffing, could almost imagine Castiel cry. He had only seen Castiel cry once, while watching Toy Story 4. Dean had promised then that they would never watch another Pixar movie. It fucking broke his heart to see the pool of tears fall on Castiel’s cheeks. Now? He was the reason that Castiel was crying. Dean wanted the ground to split open and to devour him.
Dean nodded to himself, satisfied. Anna will shout at him later, but he would rather pick that any day than Charlie’s probing eyes. He returned to his pumpkie then, heaving a sigh.
“Cas…” He bit out, hand tightening around Castiel’s arm.
Dean frowned; he was a Mechanical Engineering major, not a chemical major. He suppressed a biting remark back but he knew how professors played this game, so instead Dean shrugged, “Not sure.” He muttered.
Though Castiel had been slowly growing out his hair, he had not been very successful. When did his hair grow longer than below his shoulder? Dean opened an eye with great effort, peeking at the head resting on his chest. Instead of Castiel’s brunette hair and wide shoulders, there was a mop of blonde hair and a small physique.
Dean felt so
“Do you mean dinosaurs?” Sam asked, confused.
“What do you think is happening?!” he barked.  They were trying to pull his hands out of the mess on his chest but he placed the large joint of each wing on their chests and shoved them away hard enough to put them on their asses.  “You
“What did the Greybeards have to say?”  Sam asked, sitting up in the other bed and reaching his arms over his head in a stretch.
Oh, he was indoors, that much was obvious right away; he was staring at the space where a polished concrete floor met an ugly grey-bricked wall.  But the eerie red glow was concerning.  Was…was he in hell?  Some of the halls he had walked with Crowley had a similar color scheme.
Slowly but surely, the trio ambled up more switchbacks, leading them further into the mountains.  The chill night air was clinging too close to Dean's skin now and with every step he took he felt it seep closer to his bones, making his muscles stiff and sore.  He took a few deep breaths and willed his energy to hold just a little longer – though he had no idea when the angel planned on stopping.  Or if he even remembered the poor humans struggling along behind him
The leather gave under his weight and Castiel sunk gratefully in to it, feeling as if his bones had suddenly turned to lead now that he’d finally stopped moving for a second.
His wings twitched with the urge to wrap them around his own shoulders, but Dean had moved on to cleaning the fresh sigil.  It didn’t need cleaning.
Glancing at Sam – he’d never told his brother about that particular conversation with Cas – he decided not to heap another weight on to his already drooping shoulders.  Not yet.  Dean was sure he was just over-reacting anyway.  That conversation had taken place so long ago and Cas had never mentioned it again.
Dean tentatively brought the rim of the bowl to his lips and tasted, humming when he discovered it had actually turned out pretty good.
He cleared his throat, stomach cramping, wondering if calling Cas ‘he’, especially after Cas had pointed out that it wasn’t accurate, had bothered him…er, them.
Dean swallowed, feeling heavy. “Yeah, we have.” He took a deep breath, and dove into the heart of it. “I know why you said yes to Lucifer.”
When the reached the double doors, Dean paused to look behind them, where he could just see the mix of thatched and shingled rooftops of the houses and buildings in the city below.  Beyond the city walls, many, many miles away, was that impossibly massive mountain that loomed over them even at this distance.  It was so high that its top disappeared into the clouds, leaving its true height a mystery.
"Evening, travelers.  Your friend tells us you've just passed through Helgen," he said with a grave look.  "We tried to smoke the bandits out just last week but no luck.  They're were a tricky bunch."
should be able to do what needs to be done no matter how much it hurts.  No matter how much they don’t
Dean was the first to walk out the door. Liam was standing about thirty feet away beside the silver Toyota Prius he rented.  As soon as the door opened, he’d taken a few steps towards them and the floodlight over the door was just enough to light the area well enough for everyone to see.
help with that.  If anything even could.
.  But the fear always took over in that moment where they realized what was about to happen.
The kid sputtered, looking as if he wasn't sure if Cas was serious or not.  “I didn't kill
Dean frowned, not at all ok with the fact that Cas was obviously trying to hide his unease, leaning in to Sam because he couldn’t quite smother the anxiety of two new hunters being close by.  He wondered if maybe he should take them back to the bunker, that niggling sense that he’d betrayed something just by bringing them here coming back full force.
“That,” Dean swallowed, “That doesn’t make sense.  Why would you bind an angel just to slowly kill it?  You’d bind an angel to
– was to be repressed and hidden away.
after he'd finally gotten him back had made his stomach threaten to toss the eight cups of coffee he'd drank that day.
His grace clawed at the inside of his skin and needled down into his muscles, making him twitch with the urge to fight.  But he held fast, clutched at the arm rests until they splintered.
...” he mumbled to himself.  What did that even mean to him?
Dean busied himself with taking a shower, spending longer than necessary making sure all the shampoo was out of his hair, before reluctantly getting out.
"Morning, Iddra," Dean greeted through his most charming smile.
"Why would I eat if I'm not hungry?"  Cas sounded genuinely confused.
Cas suddenly leaned up, his mouth hovering so close to Dean's that he could feel the angel's warm breath on his face, and then Castiel's lips were pressing against his and Dean sighed, feeling dizzy.
The very second Cas called…Dean would drop the mug in his hands, let it shatter on the floor, and run to the car.
Until he thought he might be aware of other things. Like the soft, rumbling sounds rolling over his senses, telling him that
.  Me and Cas had an argument at the motel and some fuck-wad called the cops for a domestic dispute.  When they got there they saw Cas all banged up from the hunt and thought I hurt him.  So they arrested me and took Cas away in an ambulance.”
Peppermint tea, Sam had assured him, was supposed to help calm his stomach.  But despite the fact that he was on his third cup, every time Dean thought about how Cas had looked at him a few hours ago – like he was
“Why do you
Sam huffed an exasperated laugh off to his left and Cas had turned to see what all the commotion was about and, seeming to regain its survival instincts, the fox took off like a shot, panting little growly breaths with the effort to escape as fast as possible.
All three of them turned their heads to stare at Cas where, in the light from the hallway, it was easy to see the entirely white undersides of his wings where he lay on his back.
A brief look of curiosity mixed with something too close to pity for Castiel’s liking crossed Sam’s face.
write a book.
But Dean just waved away his confused expression.
in your report, you still have very little to support your decision.  I’m assuming you're grasping at probable cause and while we both know that’s enough to justify making a warrantless arrest, we also both know its not enough to justify keeping him here.”
Hannah had blinked at him with shock that lasted several long seconds and Castiel turned away, rubbed the pads of his fingers over his lips in a way Dean had only seen once or twice before when the angel had been particularly overwhelmed by something.
“Don't...don't worry about that right now,” he tried to encouraged despite the heaving in his stomach. “Just focus on -”
I'm not totally happy with this chapter but I don't know why.  Lemme know what you think.
Cas disappeared into the wall of darkness beyond the firelight, heading down to the water.
Castiel drew a sharp breath, tensing as much as his sedated muscles could manage.  “Dean…Dean she’s one of them – she has needles –”
,” Castiel sneered in Enochian, briefly glancing down to where Dean was kneeling at his feet and holding both his ankles, carved leather strips under each of his hands as well.
He tired to regain some ground, let his hands drift from where they had been playing at the base of Cas' powerful wings to tighten around his narrow hips, the pads of his thumbs rubbing over sharp hipbones.
Honestly, Castiel sometimes wondered how far humans had really evolved.
“Ok, first things first, tell me every detail about what happened from when you got back to the motel to right now.
“The sooner we get moving, the sooner you will warm up,” Cas encouraged, already starting to kick dirt over the fire.
He closed his eyes and swallowed a mouth full.  It had the consistency of blended worms and tasted like the dirt they lived in and Dean nearly vomited it all back up, only managing to keep it down by sheer force of will, because if Sam could do it without puking then he'd die doing it too.
with his own knife despite how desperately he wanted to fight them off.
After taking a blow to the chest from that giant he could only imagine the damage he could do to someone’s head.  He tried to remind himself that headwounds, even minor ones, always bled like a stuck pig.
He made himself step back.  His legs were shaking again.  “Dean, what about Sam –”
Dean’s hands shook, and the light of Castiel’s body was reflecting in his green eyes.
Castiel glanced in Dean’s direction, wondering if that was what the man had been trying to say with his unfinished sentences and grunting.
Dean had nearly fallen out of his chair in his haste to reassure Cas that didn't need to do anything he didn't want to. Certainly he should not hide his beautiful wings.
Sam and Dean both lurched in his direction, eyes wide and bodies tense like there was something tangible to fight, but then they stopped short at the same time, hesitating.  Arranging their words, trying to decide what to do.
He tried to take a step back from himself; tried to look from the outside in, and felt his mind calm just a little.  Just enough to see things logically for a moment.
“Right,” he sighed.  “I swear he makes me do this shit just to embarrass me.  Ok, Dear Castiel who art in heaven, we humbly accept your super cool mission on another planet.
While it was a tiny bit worse than he was making it sound, Dean didn’t want Cas to fuss.  Or worse, to use some of his grace healing what would fade on it’s own in just a few more days.  He’d gotten a better look at it last night when he’d taken his armor off.  His chest was black and blue and there was a big swollen patch in the center of his chest where the Orc’s armor-clad shoulder had impacted directly.
to talk to Cas.  We can’t keep making life or death decisions for each other!”
Cas blinked and then gave such a tiny nod Dean almost missed it.  He didn’t say anything in return, the ever-present grace in his eyes glowing eerily in the dim light.  His face turned in to another breeze, chin tipping up and eyes fluttering, wings flexing and then resettling.
“Yeah, Cas,” the creature across from him breathed, sounding relieved.
“Kynesgrove looks like the next closest inn.”
"It’s an Orc,” Castiel informed them.  He grabbed Sam under the arm and pulled him to his feet, lingering until he was sure Sam wasn’t going to fall over.
“Why don't we get off the floor, huh?” Sam suggested and Castiel made himself focus. Dean was quiet, eyes downcast and swimming. “You'd be more comfortable on the bed.”
Cas and Hannah both turned to watch him approach and Cas' wings relaxed a little, though they remained arched out to either side of him, as if he might take flight anyway if he decided what Dean had to say wasn't interesting enough.
“You guys…” he made a vague gesture at Cesar, Jessy and Garth that meant nothing, “Watch a movie or play monopoly or something.  Just go try and do something fun, you’re sad-facing all the time is bumming me out.”  He turned to Cas and swallowed.  “You and me are going for a drive.”
Quickly, he stumbled to his feet in front of Doctor Owen, rubbing at his eye with one hand while he tried to will his brain into booting up faster than he knew it could.
He could
Dean would try until he died, to show Cas how sorry he was, how needed he was.  How
The twitch in his lips turned into a grin and he felt something light and airy bubble up through his chest and escape his throat as a deep chuckle.
There was smoke coming from the chimney and a basket of apples had been put out beside the little bench next to the door, barely protected by the narrow overhanging thatch roof.   The place looked so warm and inviting it was almost suspicious.
"Eventually going to make our way to the college," Sam filled in amicably.
Dean was quite sure there was likely an epic story to go along with that tidbit of information but his brain got sidetracked when Cas' feathers all seemed to puff up at once, making the appendages so big that they actually hid the angel himself from view.
Cas glanced at Dean, looking concerned, then back to Sam.  “Are you alright, Sam?”
“Ok, pros of agreeing to Crowley’s deal, assuming everything goes well, are: we get that goddamn binding off Cas, we learn how to communicate with him better, learn more about his species, and get an angel therapist to help him deal with the horrific trauma that being our friend has caused him.”
Cas looked down at the floor. “I'm sorry. I know -” his tongue darted out to wet his lips and he glanced over at the bed. “I know you won't hurt me, I just...” he trailed off with a sigh.
It was now that Dean was starting to realize the downside to the armor he and Sam had chosen.  It made running difficult – or it at least made keeping up with Cas difficult.  It was bulky and heavy and where Dean would normally be able to run much father, he found his chest burning after just a few minutes and could hear Sam huffing laboriously a few feet away.
Cas had rearranged the blankets on Dean's bed. Where before he'd just been laying on top of them with the weighted electric blanket over him, Cas had pulled the four layers of blankets back and scrapped them into a loose pile with a dip in the middle and raised edges all around. He was sitting cross legged in the middle of it, with the heated blanket pooled around him like he'd been curled up in it before the wing incident had occurred.
Umm...so some of you may noticed I added a Cas/Dean tag.  It's gonna be super duper slow burn and there won't be any smut...but, romantic feels will be had between them fo sho.  Anyways....tell me what you think of this chapter!  The World Serpent stuff just came to me while I was editing it.  But I liked writing that little bit so kept it in.
for beta reading. This chapter almost killed me and they are literally the only reason it could even be posted i s2g
“Yeah, I got it.”
again.
Dean was far enough away that, even if he stretched, the blade still would not have reached Castiel.
"Fine.
"Let's get inside," Sam urged them, climbing the steps to the inn while glancing in every direction with an unsettled gaze and his arms crossed over his chest for warmth.
Cas glared at him and the feathers immediately smoothed down tight, but almost immediately rose again a few millimeters like he couldn't totally control it.
“What do you want?” Dean asked, uninterested in playing games.  The clock on the wall was ticking louder and louder, reminding him that at any moment Cas could come walking into the library.
No one approached them, but Dean could see some people at other tables glancing or scowling in their direction.  He made sure to glare back, silently willing any of them to get up and try something.
"But if you're maybe lookin' for somethin' valuable
How could they possibly recover from this?
Dean’s shoulders slumped.  How the hell were they going to get out of this?  Nothing he said would be taken as anything other than a lie to avoid admitting he’d beaten his boyfriend and nothing Cas said would be taken as anything other than a lie to appease said abusive boyfriend.
“Cas,” Dean called, “You hungry?  We have snacks.”
He knew Dean wasn’t reaching for his blade so he could stab Castiel in the heart.
“That doesn't bode well,” Sam was the one to say it.
Unable to help it, Dean huffed a quiet laugh.  Now that he knew Cas was ok and they were all safe, seeing Cas beam with pride because he beat a record flying between
But now, more than ever, it was clear that he was
There was so much he wanted to say and just had no energy with which to say it.  Besides which, Dean would not listen anyway.  Dean did not like to talk, not about anything important.  Not about anything that mattered.
Cas leaned forward, his hands digging into the sand on either side of Dean's head, grinding down with the newfound leverage and it was only seconds later that Dean felt his orgasm building low in his gut.
Dean held Cas against him long after the tranquilizer had done it's job. The angel was a dead weight in his arms, leaning heavy against his chest, and he knew there was no comfort he could lend to an unconscious mind. But he couldn't let go, his arms wouldn't loosen, and he didn't have it in him to care if that was overstepping some bounds because every ounce of self control he had left was being used to keep from breaking down completely.
“I have coconut.”
Castiel grit his teeth and pushed the tweezers further under his skin, using it as an excuse to not have to look either brother in the eye.
“Take it, Cas,” Dean nearly whispered.  He looked like he was in pain.  Again.  Like he had a bullet hole in him somewhere that he didn’t want anyone to know about.
“Yeah,” Dean confirmed, quick and sharp with another look over his shoulder.  “Normally angels hide their wings in the ether just for practicality but Cas had some issues while he was healing at first and it was…easier for him to have them on
Dean had forbidden him from praying any more, the binding around his grace was sharp and tight, and the black maw of despair in his chest was growing bigger and bigger.
Dean swallowed a moan with his second mouthful of stew.  He knew the fact that he was
"You wanna talk to her or should I?"  Dean asked, glancing over his shoulder to where Iddra was staring off into space behind the bar.
"That's ok, it wasn't that long ago me and Sam had to explain this stuff to you anyway, so...here,” he held his hand out for the mixer, waited for Cas to put it in his hand instead of grabbing it from him. “Let's just do one thing at a time, ok? We'll start with the coffee and go from there.”
Dean stood, scrubbing his eyes viciously, and grabbed the angel's bare shoulder. The skin under his hand was cold but he shook the man anyway.
“You ok?”  Dean carefully asked, “I mean, given the circumstances.”
Standing up and fanning his wings as best he could, Cas let the water cascaded off of them and, for a moment, the sound of it was loud enough to be a dull roar and the woman's giggles turned into a gasp of surprise.  Cas' wings beat slowly at the air, siphoning water off his feathers in a thousand directions like a sprinkler.  He had to brace himself, widening his stand when the power of his own muscles pulled at him and threatened to take him over backwards.
body.  He knew his eyes glowed an eerie blue, and the other day he’d looked down at his bare torso and saw dusty light drifting over his skin like sow drifting over a road.  To
He could feel Castiel staring at the side of his face but was too much of a chicken shit to look back just yet.
“What's...what's wrong?”
Sam threw himself on to the free bed immediately, throwing his brother a shit-eating grin.
“He got here in seven minutes,” Dean informed Sam pointedly.  “A record.”
Before the end, Jörmungandr would be in bloody pieces at his feet.
“Your face is turning the same shade as your beard!”  Dean howled, grabbing Castiel's shoulder so he didn't trip over anything in the dark.
.  If you want to
The necro to their right snarled something at them and already had what looked like a ball of electricity gathered in the palm of his hand.  At the same time, the middle one suddenly had a shield of light in front of him, which did nothing to impeded the arrow Cas fired, and he went toppling backwards onto the table with an arrow sticking out of his eye.
need to get over this not being able to talk thing because you need to talk to Cas about whatever happened between you two,” Sam explained.  “Don't let it go too long, Cas is probably already confused enough about it as it is.  What did you do after, by the way?”  There was a pre-emptive grimace on Sam's face already.
They had stopped outside a building that had to look of an inn – long and with many evenly spaced windows – and Cas turned to climb the stairs to the door.
you're feeling.”
It was so fucking far from alright that Dean almost laughed.
them and
Not only was he captive, underground, and a slave to whoever wished him to be, he now had to face the fact that he’d given away his last shred of independence when he handed his blade over to the brothers.  Granted, it needed to be done, but that didn’t make it less irritating.  The serpent had him well and truly ensnared and Castiel couldn’t even do the one thing that would free him.  He’d have to find Sam and Dean and get them to draw the sigil
“But?” she prompted.
The very thought of Dean looking at him like Mary just had made him want to vomit.
“…no,” Sam muttered, his face red.  “Sorry…uh…so...so who's Talos?”  Sam asked as they descended the stone steps, back down into the city, obviously wanting to change the subject.
, Dean’s inner voice spoke up harshly,
As soon as he said it he realized it sounded strange.  The kind of thing that would make Dean sputter and make some kind of joke before quickly leaving the room.
“There's always another way,” Dean felt compelled to say it, because how many times had they thought their number was up and they'd found a way around it?
But Liam spoke first, his blue eyes suddenly challenging.  “If you can look me in the eye and tell me you’ve never treated Castiel differently simply
Dread bloomed in his stomach.  Sam and Dean had bound him.  But they’d
Encouraged, Dean shuffled closer.  “Cas, hey, buddy, wake up.”
and Dean reached up to curl his fingers around the back of the angel's neck, pulling him back down so they were chest to chest because to have any kind of distance between them was just stupid.
.  It is wrong
“I told you there is no etheric plane here,” Cas reminded Dean.
of it all, Cas had opened his eyes and they’d been that deep, dark, sea-blue that Dean always remembered.  Cas had looked at him and had actually
.  If he cared at all, he might have asked the angel just
“Nope, I grew up in the North, up in Winterhold.  Town not much bigger than this, actually.”  There was a fond look in Wilhelm’s brown eyes and he continued without being prompted.  “I had the itch that every child gets at some point, to go explore the world and do something exciting.  I moved to Windhelm first but the people there,” he shook his head disapprovingly, “Not very welcoming to outsiders.”
Sam had both hands over his mouth to keep his laughter in so Dean pulled his shoe off and threw it at him.  Then took the other off.  He stood and pulled his shirt over his head while everyone but Cas – who, bless his soul, was looking around at them all like they were crazy – snickered at him, growling about going to soak in the water.
.  But nothing seems to be working."  He paused, sniffing and then gruffly clearly his throat, green eyes sweeping this way and that over Castiel's face.  "We, uh, we dosed you with some heavy-duty pain killers.  Did they help?  At all?”
Between them, the fire popped and crackled.
They bowed their heads, curled their exposed fingers into their palms and pushed for the meager, flickering speck of light in the distance.
Next to them, a young man in a fur cap and pale green tunic was heaving a huge hunk of meat into the wooden cart of woman in a plain green dress.  A boy that looked no older than eleven or so cut his way through the small market space, a big grey dog that looked a lot like an Irish Wolfhound lumbering along behind him.  When the dog stopped to sniff curiously at the meat stall, the boy whistled sharply, and the dog reluctantly followed him down the street.
He glanced through the space between Cas’ neck and wing and smirked at Sam, who was gaping like a fish.
“I brought you some coffee,” Dean continued, trying to impress a casual tone. He wanted Cas to know it was no big deal, having his wings out – even though it totally freaking was – because there was no way being himself could feel worse than hiding parts of himself away. This
Sam was nodding beside him but Cas just gave them a little smile.  “I can get something to give us all a boost of energy.”
A moment later and Cas closed his eyes, relaxing further, tilting his head up and inhaling deeply as if trying to smell from what corner of the earth the gust of wind had originated.  Then, miraculously, most of the tension seemed to leave him all at once.  His shoulders and wings relaxed, the mask-like expression on his face vanished completely and when he opened his eyes, it was obvious he was present in a way he hadn’t been since handing his blade over to Sam.
Honestly, Dean didn’t think he even cared if he never hunted again.  So long as they all decided to do what made them happy, that’s all he wanted now.  He was tired of the anxiety and fear and depression.  He was tired of never sleeping and eating on the road.  He loved to cook real food and Sam and Cas liked to eat it – even though he technically didn’t need to, Cas still seemed to enjoy it.  He liked not seeing dark circles and heavy lines around Sam’s eyes all the time.  He liked seeing Cas smile those rare little smiles.  Dean hadn’t gotten him to outright laugh yet but he was sure he was getting close.
“There’s a lot going on right now, isn’t there?  A new face, a new soul, new smells.  You feel unsure, you feel frightened – it’s all right,” Liam added quickly, with some amount of urgency, even though Cas hadn’t so much as blinked.
inside his brain.  Cas talking about how every angel had colors unique to them in their wings.  The golden hue of Cas’ eyes when he first spotted the nest and was overcome with gratitude.  Everything that the holy fire glasses had shown them.  That guy who said all he saw was colors when he tried to read Cas’ mind.
blood.”  Speaking it out loud made it sound that much more ridiculous.
“So prove me wrong, then.”
.  His finger’s curled, mimicking his claws, with the desire to sink them in to his attackers and
“Dean, I’ve been doing this for a very long time, and you are not the first hunter I have helped.  You’re not even the first hunter I’ve helped to change their mindset about other species.  I
The serpent squeezed him gently in both approval and warning.
“It was Sam that told me to watch Netflix in the first place.  I was only following orders.”
Cas was alive.  He was a living creature just like Sam and Dean were.
“That doesn't count!”  Hannah snapped up at a patch of fog just as Castiel dropped from it, landing on his feet gracefully beside the tree he'd just dropped.
."  He over-enunciated every word petulantly, tongue flicking off each 't' sharply.
Cas stood in the middle of Dean’s room, gaze on the floor again like his line of sight was too heavy to hold aloft, and he barely moved at all while Dean carefully took off his coat and suit jacket and guided him over to the bed to sit down.  He pulled off Cas’ boots and looked up from where he was kneeling on the floor, his breath catching in his throat when he found Cas looking back at him, his blue eyes a fraction sharper.
Which, of course, Castiel had been, because that’s just how their lives worked.
Sam sighed, setting the tray of gross looking sandwhiches down on the table.  “Well, that’s probably for the best.  You need to eat something and we should probably head to the psych ward waiting room, then you can catch some sleep too.  Even if it’s just a few minutes.”
and he was like...
Some time after lunch, when the brothers were both cursing themselves for not thinking to buy some food for the road before they left Whiterun, the clear, sunny sky was once again overtaken by a canopy of swollen clouds.
Dean was alive.  Dean was going to the bunker.  Castiel was not there and they needed to find Sam.
It wasn’t a great plan but it was the only plan they had at the moment.  Their only other option was wandering aimlessly from town to town and asking suspicious questions, which would likely involve the same amount of walking anyway.
Castiel scrambled away, his chest seizing and eyes snapping open.  Dean was in front of him, his hand hovering in the air between them as if frozen in time, and the hard bulges of the door were digging hard into Castiel’s back.
With a heavy and put-upon sigh, Castiel sank into his own chair and rested his chin in the palm of his hand, almost looking bored.
Dean glanced down at him, his face drawn and pale in the light of the small desk lamp.  “Your whole body is shaking, so I’m doin’ better than you,” he countered gruffly.
“You kissed me back,” Dean volleyed.
“So, uh…”
Dean’s legs very nearly didn’t carry him to the library.
“That does seem a better idea than what we’ve been doing.”
of it embedding somewhere in the animal.  It stumbled behind them and then Sam's axe was in his hand and he was spinning.
“That's not what I meant,” Dean had to correct, before Cas could deflect any more.  “I mean why did you
“Cas, hey.  Cas, wake up.”
“Alright, alright, I’ll sweeten the deal!  I’ll send over the Viking
Castiel wondered if, even at the very height of his blind faith and obedience, if he would have been able to make any sense of this.
Castiel chose not to answer, even though the trembling in his muscles suddenly became apparent. They seemed to have a mind of their own, shaking with how tensely they were all coiled. He couldn't loosen them even when he tried.
Cas turned back around and made an
The river abruptly ended, a waterfall plummeting some twenty feet down and, beside it, the road turned to steep switchbacks where the water had carved out the edge of the banks.
The morning air was crisp but not cold, and as the sun started its crawl across the sky, it warmed up a bit, but not as much as Dean had been hoping.  His tunic was made of wool but it was still pretty thin.  He wondered if Nirn had similar seasons to earth.  Was going to get colder than it was now?  Was it goin to start snowing soon?  They were going to have to find some warmer clothes if it was.
“Finally!”  Sam exclaimed.  “Food!”
I wont fight!”  she bellowed to anyone who would listen as she took off running again.
sense.”  He took a moment to rub the palms of his hands into his eyes, hard.  “I’m not really sure what to do here, Dean.  We didn’t have many books on angels to begin with and I’ve been through all of them three times over.  There’s nothing in any of them besides how to summon, trap, and kill them.”
They'd stripped the angel down and washed away most of the blood and grime, which helped Dean feed his disillusion that maybe he was healing. But, if he was honest, Cas' skin was still too pale, like there wasn't a drop of blood in his veins. Dean traced the sharp line of Castiel's stubbled jaw with his eyes and then lingered on his full lips, remembering how they used to be just a little pink, but now were nearly white.
Castiel merely smiled back until he was up to his ribs in the water, and then sunk down, pushing his wings under all at once.  His eyes slid closed and he sighed, looking as if the cool water was soothing a hurt Dean could not see.
He pulled some air through his nose, picking out the unique notes of both Sam and Dean’s scents right away.  Less noticeable was Liam’s, with a strong smell of wool and black tea.
Castiel finally sat up, seemingly unperturbed by the stickiness between them, and fixed Dean with a sly look.
He’d never had cause to examine the feeling of power killing monsters had given him and he didn’t think he was ready to examine it now.  Not after the day they just had, with it's terrible revelations and admissions.  He needed something
"Her name was Ardaline,” Castiel answered softly, his hands stilling for just a moment before grabbing the wooden bowl he'd found on one of the book shelves and placing a handful of nightshade blossoms in it.  He grabbed the pestle and began crushing the flowers.  "She traveled with us for several months, though I was the only one that showed any interest in her craft.  I was fascinated by her knowledge.  She seemed to know every plant in Cyrodil and what it could do for her, so she taught me.  Initially my brothers and sisters scoffed at my interest but Ardaline's skills ended up saving a few of them.  By the time they had come to appreciate what she had done for us, she was dead."
Probably for the best, since he’d just ripped out half the wall in a fit of rage.  Which now felt ridiculous given that Dean was alive and perfectly fine.
“Well…you’re home now.  And we
Dean’s hand settling on his shoulder might as well have been a cattle prod and Castiel jerked back into the foreground, his gaze quickly snapping back to Dean.  He looked worried again, all reverence for his mother replaced by the much more familiar worry lines around his troubled green eyes.
She eyed them, "You would help a stranger with something like this?”
“Wait, you didn’t bring your angel blade?” Dean asked incredulously.
Dean ripped the glasses from his face and shoved the glasses back into his pocket.
“I really don't think you are, Cas,” Sam gently countered.  It was obvious he wasn't simply trying to contradict him, the concern shining in his carefully calm eyes was much too genuine for that.  “How many times has this happened?  It was more than just that one other time wasn't it?”
What a thought that was – sunlight,
." Dean's heart hammered against his ribs and his face felt a little wet and he couldn't look at Sam.
in reference to breaking someone out of a hospital only worked if said someone had not immediately been moved to the secure emergency psychiatric crisis unit for evaluation.
It was only then, as he was slamming the car door closed and trying to jam the key in the ignition with a trembling hand, that the exhaustion in Castiel’s voice finally registered and he paused.
“What else can I do but praise Him and His mercy?  Forever.  For the rest of eternity.  For however long it takes for my Father to either kill me or give me orders on how I can
He breathed deeply at the memory, warmth filling him just as it did every time he remembered how much Cas had grown to trust him again. And this time he'd earned it.
They were standing on a small hump of a bridge that crossed a shallow mote flowing around the base of the city walls.  Though Dean supposed it really couldn’t be called a mote.  It was on the
have left behind, well, I might be able to save you the trouble of walkin' there."  He patted the fat saddle bag resting on his horse's back.  "I got all kinds of odds and ends.  Orcish arrows, a soul gem or two.  Enchanted necklace, some alto wine all the way from Markarth." He gave Dean a shrewd look.  "You look like you enjoy a drink now and then, I'll give you a good deal.  Three gold pieces for a bottle, whadaya say?"
“Can you fly?” he blurted.  Apparently, he hadn’t bit his lip hard enough.  He scrambled to explain himself even as Cas squinted at him.
...no more...no more...”
Heart thudding in his chest, Dean pushed a sharp sigh through his nose and watched Castiel duck his head down to touch his nose to the squirrel’s with a little smile on his full lips.
in his mind.  To rest with kin, to be safe, to want to be close to other angels.”
"Well they might be but I think it's more likely they're just dumping the bodies there to fuck with police and freak out the public."
Cas knew him, sure, but it was the way someone knows a coworker. You know their name and their face and that they exist in your world, but nothing deeper than that. Cas was missing all the pieces that Dean still had – the ones that had carved out places in his heart to squirm into and settle down.
(See the end of the chapter for
To be fair, Dean told himself, the officer –
When Sam and Dean both nodded, Liam only looked more concerned.
She laughed.  “An unusual name.  But patients are admitted under their last name, what is his?”
That had Castiel’s eyes snapping open to stare at the man.  He raked his eyes – all of them – over every centimeter of Dean’s face.  But it told him nothing – he’d never been good at reading emotions anyway – so he looked deeper.  Past his eyes and into his soul.
Carefully, Liam’s face schooled itself into something patiently neutral, waiting for more information before he formed an opinion. “Why do you believe that?”
The soldier on the stump gave them a nod when Cas walked over.
He frowned and tried to push backwards in time.
“Fall outta yer nest, little birdie?”  the drunk taunted.
Dean had to remind himself how far Cas had come – how much progress they had made – because at first, Cas had opted to run more times than he’d chosen to trust their word that he didn’t need to.  Now, at least, he might take a few moments to decide, but he always chose to trust them.
Liam looked relieved.  “Angels eat
"You fought me, of course, the entire flight out." Cas murmured against the back of his neck, before shifting and resting his chin on Dean's other shoulder.
But that was bullshit and Dean knew it.  Cas wasn't
“I’m just saving you the experience of Sam rolling over on you in the middle of the night.”
God would be able to take credit for all of it,” he shrugged, “Though some try.  It is more common, as it is with my Father, that it is the fanatical followers who claim such impossible things.”
Immediately, Dean walked away a few paces, his breathing ragged and his heart pounding.  Now that there was no danger of it further upsetting Castiel, Dean had no reason not to let his anger at the absolute
they were.  Instead of communing with their brothers and sisters and learning what it meant to be part of the Host and part of a family, they were given a weapon, branded with battle sigils and sent to war.”
A handful of Red clover heads and daisies were piled on the top step, carried by whatever wind Castiel had sent them on from whatever little nook he would be spending the night in, and dropped on their doorstep.
“Which seems to be working grand.” Crowley sighed, “Alright,
Sam looked thoroughly pleased about something, frozen with shock and delight, staring down at Castiel with the light of a little brother that had just gotten a one up in his eyes.
Grimacing like revealing the information was causing him actual physical pain, he told them, “The glasses may be letting you see my grace more…
“What'er ya readin'?”
Dean hadn't been allowed to be involved in the sorting and categorizing of the books – Sam had banished him from the library after he'd gotten tired of alphabetizing and erected a book-fort in the corner.
Dean finally had to break eye contact, unable to say the words and having a feeling Liam was about to say them for him.
No, it was the fact that those ‘other people’ weren’t actually
, we were
He wrapped his arms around the angel’s shoulders, cupped the back of his head and crushed Cas against him with every ounce of the tension that had built inside him over the last five weeks.
Before Dean could respond, Sam barked, “No deal,” and turned on his heal towards the dormitories.
“I found your friend,” she told him steadily.  “He was the code white.”
The two other people in the pool, a man and a woman, watched curiously as the angel stepped down into the water.
Dean's face twitched, like he'd just managed to catch some words he didn't want to let out, and rubbed his fingers against his forehead.
“I'm fine,” Cas told them with some difficulty.  He waived his hand in the air in a vague gesture that told the brothers nothing.  “Power...incompatibility...just -” he cut off abruptly when a shudder wracked his frame and he nearly doubled over with a groan.
In a flash of fury at his own misfortune, Castiel let the spear slip through his fingers.  It sailed through the air, as straight and true as if it had a mind and mission of it's own, and embedded deep into the wall on the other side of the room with a satisfying
Across the bench seat, Hannah's had much the same look in her grey eyes and her smile had disappeared.
Helpfully, his brain reminded him that the last time he had worn these, he’d been looking at hell hounds.
, he told his coiled muscles. This wasn't how he was used to tackling things. Gentle was not his usual strategy, but seeing Cas curled into a tiny, shaking ball soothed the ingrained urge to make himself bigger, to tower over Cas and fight off his demons, because there was nothing here for him to grab on to, nothing to kill.
While the kettle boiled, Cas stood at the counter beside Dean, picking through the tin and inspecting bits of dried fruit.  At the table, Liam and Sam sat across from each other and chatted quietly about Liam’s very long journey from the UK.
Ten minutes later, the three of them were sitting in the kitchen.
“Necromancers are not witches.  Witches can be good but necromancers sell their souls for dark power, desecrate the dead and manipulate the laws of nature for their own twisted purposes,” Castiel all but spat, his wings tense as he stared hard at the stone keep up ahead, as if he couldn’t wait to get inside and smite every last person he found inside.
“Oh,” Sam said, looking uncomfortable and scratching the back of his head.  “Mom, this is Liam. He’s gonna…be staying here for a bit.  Liam, this is Mary.”
“Enjoy,” Hulda told them between the bards singing and then left them to their meal.
died once or twice – because of his connection to Dean.  Because of the fact that he didn't seem to be able to stay away.  Dean wasn't so arrogant to say that the naivety and blind trust Cas seemed to have in him was love or anything close to it, but more than once the bond they shared had hurt Cas badly.
Dean shared a relieved look with his brother. He had no idea how to talk to these people. Did they even speak English?  He and Sam would both need some time to just sit back and observe this new world before they would feel comfortable trying to blend in or even talk to people.
“You want me to go grab something for super?”  Sam asked, his brown eyes raking quickly over Dean’s face, looking for anything out of place.  Anything that might be dangerous.  Sam had always been able to see that on his face before Dean himself even knew it was there.
“How'd it go?”  Sam asked with a relieved smile.
“A few miles East of here, over the water, the sky is clear.”  She budged Cas with her elbow and he blinked, looking over at her with a vaguely interested expression.  “What say you to a midnight flight over the sea.”
.  And you’re not a mountain, ok?  You’re an
Then nearly fell out of his chair when the angel's fingers twitched under his.
He swallowed his heart and looked down at the strange, frozen face.  He looked a little like the woman they had seen in the Jarl's place in Whiterun.  His face was long, angular and had dark grey skin.  His eyes, frozen open in the shock of death, were black.  Much like a demon.
It was barely past lunch and already his legs were aching and sore and the way his armor was sitting on his chest reminded him with every step that he had been bulldozed by an Orc the day before.
When the beast lunged for him, Dean couldn’t lift his sword fast enough, and his opponent rammed his shoulder into Dean’s chest, sending him flying through the air and onto his back where he promptly lost the sweaty grip on his sword.
But here the fucking things were growing in the god damn sand for free.
was his happy place.  He was at home in battle.
Dean reluctantly agreed, but complained about it all the while he and Sam were removing their armor.  He wasn’t worried they were going to get jumped in the middle of the inn – the place didn’t have that kind of vibe – but there was something unsettling about the way some of the patrons had been staring at Cas…
have been surprised, though.  Or impressed.  He was a soldier and soldiers were meant to do what needed to be done at any cost, without praise, no matter how rusty they were.
And they didn’t want that.
When he finally got his feet under him and got his head above the water it was to see Cas sitting with his forearms resting on his knees, wings loose and relaxed, with a grin still stretching his full lips.  Watching him.
Clenching his jaw so hard Castiel could see the muscle jump, Dean let his hand drop.
But now he realized he hadn't experienced anything.  Not like this.
Dean held tight.
Castiel took a step back and the tips of Dean's fingers just missed the angel when he made an aborted reach.
It was very strange, hearing things like that, Dean realized.  He was no stranger to apocalypses, that was for sure, but for some reason, finding out that there were similar problems all over the universe was...humbling.  He wondered if Cas could sum up the apocalypses they had dealt with so succinctly.  It didn't sound like such a big deal when it was all summarized from the point of view of an angel; it left Dean feeling disjointed and out of sorts.
“Everything with that stupid attack-dog spell and then Lucifer riding you around and then thinking I was dead and getting banished…not to mention everything leading up to all that over the last few years I…Cas, I don’t know how you’re still standing, man.”
And wasn’t that the truth.  Dean remembered how he felt after he got out of Purgatory.  Remembered how it had taken his brain a while to realize his body had stopped running.
The hallways were deserted but that was normal for barely six o’clock in the morning.  Sam wasn’t up yet but, to be fair, they had only gone to bed a few hours ago.  Dean had made an effort to get some sleep, but he just couldn’t; not with the tantalising little hint Crowley had dangled before him before disappearing without even a hint of an explanation. Friggin’ drama queen.
Cas kissed him back with all the pent-up ferocity of a building storm, his hands reaching up and grabbing at Dean's jacket, tugging him closer.
This wasn’t so bad, he reasoned.  If this was all meditation had to be then he could totally get on board with it.  He’d always thought people who obsessed over it were a bit…something left of center.  But this was alright.  In fact, it was…kinda nice, even.
Cas held up his hand again in an obvious gesture for them to stay put and then took a few steps forward into the courtyard, turning so that he was facing the brothers and drawing another arrow, slowly this time and aiming up over the alcove, his wings spread a little behind him.
"Alright fine," he grudgingly conceded and Cas looked immediately relieved. "But when we get back to the bunker we need to have a serious talk about your eating habits - and if you put up any more of a stink about it I'm going to sick Sam and his salads on you, got it?"
He at least looked more at ease now, Dean was relieved to note.  Enough to turn his back on Jessy and Cesar at least, though he hoped that was more because Cas trusted them – him – enough to raise the alarm if something were to happen.
“Hello?”
in the entire time Dean had known him. But it was obvious now, with most of Castiel's past influences stripped away that the want had always been there, he'd just never expressed it. Dean realized, with shame and regret coloring his cheeks, that Castiel had likely thought there was no point. After all, both he and Sam – ok, mostly him – had given him every reason to believe they wanted a soldier first and Castiel second; if at all. Why would he bother asking them for anything?
He started sawing at the silvery ropes again - if the angel wasn't going to tell him what to do then he was going to make his own decisions. Cas was still until Dean cut through the ties on his other arm, but as soon as he was free, the angel lunged forward, hands reaching out. The brothers lept aside, ready should they need to pin the angel, but Cas didn't even spare them a glance, instead crashing to his knees with his back to the room, grabbing something from the mariade of instruments he'd been tortured with.
Dean felt like something in his chest might rupture and he smiled, wishing he could kiss the back of Cas' hand again. Then maybe his lips and every other inch of his body, just for good measure. He wondered if Cas would let him - if maybe the angel might even enjoy it. He indulged himself, wondering what it might be like if Cas felt the same way he did. Is that just something you could straight up ask? Probably not.
Cas grabbed his phone.  "That's on the other side of the bridge."
The room was dark and the clock on the nightstand between the beds told him it was way too fucking early for him to be conscious after a hunt.  When he finally had the mental capacity to do so, Dean found Castiel’s profile in the dark, a sliver of his face illuminated by the orange light streaming through the threadbare curtain over the single window.
Dean blinked, sitting up straighter in his chair and hearing warning bells going off in his head.  “Don’t just say that because you think it’s what we want to hear.”  Even though it absolutely
No human, and certainly not Sam or Dean, had ever shown this kind of interest in him.
He felt…trapped.  Caged.  Like he was something to be studied, poked, and prodded through the bars of a cage.
If Cas was just having fun now, he must have been absolutely lethal on the battle field.
Dean's head was spinning.  He pictured Cas and Hannah curled up in their giant nest of blankets in the sitting room; thought of how comfortable Cas always looked when they did that.  How he would sleepily snuggle closer to Hannah or how they would both try to cover the other with a wing.
Narfi shook his head.  “Narfi doesn't know.  Narfi saw bad,
Cas stood, stretching his arms over his head, and the brothers watched as his wings unfolded and spread wide, straining in opposite directions and filling up the entire space of their little camp.
a Viking, back in the day.  Though, I suppose he’s a sort of Viking now,” Crowley chuckled, scratching his beard absently.  “Anyway, he may be able to help you create a counter spell to unclip those wings.  Of course,” here a slow grin spread across his face, “It’ll cost you.”
“Cas?” he nearly whispered, taking a few steps closer and crouching down, heart managing to squeeze and pound at the same time.
Looking like he’d just accidentally ran over Sam’s puppy, Cas gently placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder and squeezed.
He eyed it, telling himself to just pick it up and get back to work.  Instead he rested his elbow on the tome and rested his chin on his hand with another sigh.
.  He sucked a lungful of sweet, precious, oxygen into his lungs so hard a few blades of grass came with it and he coughed.
“But considerably less healthy,” Sam added firmly, shooting his brother a look over the top of Cas’ head.  “And we want Cas to be
Normally, this is the point where the two of them would curl up in the nest of blankets in front of the fire place and sleep for a few hours but neither of them looked particularly tired.
“You ok?”  Dean asked, just to be sure.  He got a breathless nod in response, blue light shining brightly through hooded eyes, so he moved one hand around to the front of Cas' jeans, dragging his hand across the hard bulge there in question.
. You're
Dean watched him, sitting back on his bed and chewing on a piece of meat jerky from some animal he’d probably never heard of.  And probably didn’t want to.  But it wasn't until Cas started on the back side of his wing that Dean was able to see the way his feathers shined after he'd combed through them.
Sam gasped through a delighted, watery grin, his hand rubbing at the angel's leg in an attempt to keep leading him back to the waking world.
“I’ve loved you for a very long time,” Cas told him bluntly.  But then his eyes dropped, his confidence suddenly slipping away.  “I’m sorry I’ve been…that I can’t seem to get better all the way.”
“That gun won’t kill me,” he panted, pressing a hand to his chest, willing his grace to settle.  He considered taking his blade out right then and there to redraw the sigil but decided Mary had probably been traumatized enough for one lifetime.
"You hungry?"  Dean asked, trying not to think about how much he wanted to reach across the space between them and grab Cas' hand again.  Or his thigh or maybe wrap his arm around those broad shoulders and pull him close so that their sides were pressed together.
“What did Hannah say to you?”
Cas abruptly rose up, resting on his elbows and leveling a glare at the hunter that would have been more effective if it didn't come with a side of ridiculous bedhead.  "I said,
naive.
He'd recently remembered that he did, in fact, have eyes, but had yet to remember how to open them.
“I’m scared.” The realisation made him frown against his feathers, behind which he was still hiding.  He couldn’t imagine having to say all this
His grace calmed.  The bonds chaffed and stung.  He swayed where he stood.
It jarred him back in to alertness, his heart seizing painfully.  But they weren’t yelling about him.  Or at him.  They were just yelling at each other, he told himself.
Hannah mumbled something around her mouth full of food and it made Cas look away from the potato mush between his fingers, a smile teasing his lips at whatever Hannah had said.  He looked back down and delicately stuck one finger after another into his mouth, liking off the mess.  The next chunk of potato he picked up, he just popped in his mouth, curiosity apparently satisfied now that he'd practically deconstructed one.
“You're doing so good, angel,” he praised softly.  He rubbed his thumbs over Cas' hipbones while they continued to rock together.  “You're almost there aren't you?  You can feel it building right,” he pressed his hand low against Cas' belly, right above his straining cock, “Here.”
lie down as commanded struggled for attention in the back of his mind but, in his outrage, it was easy enough to ignore.
He sighed, exhausted, torn between slogging through the rest of the conversation and turning on his heal to flee the ridiculousness of it.
Looking at Cas now, seeing the resignation in his deep blue eyes, seeing the way his shoulders and wings and face were already tense again, made Dean’s fears seem so much less important.
Finally, the tweezers gripped the last bit of metal in his shoulder and he ripped it out with a hiss.  He let the familiar pain of a flesh wound ground him.
Guilt tugged at his gut all the same, as fresh and sickening as the day after the mark had been erased from his arm. He knew what Cas was reliving, knew what was making him flinch every few seconds even though he was staring blankly. Dean saw it too, every time he closed his eyes..
