We made out for a while, he moved his hand gently down my body and giggled "Do you even have a refractory period?" I looked down at my dick, erect again, "I guess it comes with the super serum". We went back to soft kisses while Tony began to get aroused again.
Steve's POV
For a minute I let him have control, he was the one who kissed me. So I let him be the one to pull away. I was expecting him to get up and run away, never speak to me again but he didn't. He pulled me by the neck so our faces were only an inch apart "Tony...what are you...em..." "Did you not like it?" his damn smirk, his perfect teeth and soft lips, I couldn't answer his mouth was back on mine.
Tony was fed up, he brought us all back into the main bedroom and pointed "Wardrobe, bathroom, and your very own chill room for when you have friends over, but you don't really bring friends over that often".
I grunted as Steve's tongue flicked up and down in my ass, "Fuck! Cap if you keep that up I'm going to cum". With that, his tongue was gone and a moist finger was pressed against my entrance. He stood up and rested his chin on my shoulder "just say the word and I'll stop..." there was a small silence before his finger pushed through my ring. He breathed hot air on my ear as he moaned. It didn't take long for him to add a second, and unlike last night he spread his fingers open inside me. I whimper as my hole stretched but it needed to be done.
Clint looked around "Are we in a walk in freezer?". Tony laughed, and patted my shoulder "Yeah, don't freak out Cap, we won't let you freeze again". I couldn't help but smile.
Steve shouted "I can a quick announcement, I didn't intend to do it this way, but I'm all about being honest. Truthfully, YES I am Captian America, but I am also Steven Rogers, and I'm gay". There was small moment of gasps and people taking out their phones "When I went into the ice being gay was extremely dangerous, but when I woke up, a lot had changed, something for the better, like the fact that being gay was accepted by most." He turned to the man "But it's men like you who are holding us back". The man got closer to Steve's face "That was really touching, for a fagg-" Steve punch him.
When I came I bit his shoulder hard. I climbed off his lap and lay down next to him. I was totally out of breath but he seemed fine "That was a whole lot of fun Stark" "Easy for you to say you're not the one covered in these!" He had gone a bit overboard, I had hickeys and bite marks all over my body from ears to tighs. "Sorry..." "It's okay big guy".
Natasha and Bruce weren't talking to each other, but not officially broken up, at the party her and Bucky spent seven minutes in the clostet and it made Bruce crazy.
• 3 days later •
Rhodey and Pepper went with green, her dress had collar that rested just off her shoulders, you couldn't tell she was pregnant because there was no belt around the dress, it just flowed to the ground.
"Why did you do that?" I muttured, still really close to his face "Because it's incredibly difficult for me to be around you without kissing you" I closed my eyes and took a breathe "Rogers, if I don't make it back tomorrow..." "Stop it Stark, nothing is going to happen to you, I'll make sure of it". I climbed onto his lap, he sat up and held me around the waist, while I wrapped my arms around his neck "If this is my last night, I want to spend it having fun" he smiled up at me "And what do you want to do with me" "I want to..."
Clearly the coffee had heen there a lot longer than I thought. I spit it back out into the mug. Steve corrected me "Hey! Don't spit! If it's in your mouth just swallow it!". He realised what he had said once he noticed my smirk "stop being so flirtatious Steve!".
I was smiling, but it didn't feel real "Congratulations, how is it going?" he withdrew into himself a little "She's running the business like usual, travelling all over the place so, that's good for her". Was it possible Tony Stark was unhappy being engaged to Pepper, no way, everyone knew they were a perfect couple?. Blood started to come down his chest again, I pressed my hand against his toned body. I could feel his stare close to my face and when I looked up to give him a smile his lips touched mine.
Steve's POV
He rolled out of bed and straight into the bathroom. I stood up a little while later, as I stretched the mirror caught my attention. I strolled over and took a look "Holy mother of-" "Oh my God!" Steve was standing in the doorway he ran over to me "Tony!". My whole body was covered in bites, hickeys and scratches worse than the ones before, even my wrists were marked I hmmed. He ran his hands along my body "I'm so sorry" "I'm not" I grabbed his two shoulders and turned him around so he could see the scratches I left in his back.
I couldn't think of anything else I just needed to get back to earth. Once I did, with the help of Nebula, I got straight into a ship and made a flight plan to bring me to Bruce. He was in Wakanda.
Dr Stephen Strange, a temporary guest, was wearing a maroon suit, matching with Wongs. Neither of them had dates for the night, and they would be heading back to their own home pretty soon.
Sharon pranced in with a devilish look on her face "Oh Mr Stark I think we have some things to talk about".
He ran off to the get help, Shuri came back with him "Mr Stark, welcome back, how are you feeling?" I laughed "For once in my life I feel good, what did you do to me?" Shuri tapped on the screens "Well everything looks good, you've been asleep for a few days". I nodded "Where's Steve?". Peter jumped "Oh, that was his bed there" he pointed at the empty bed next to mine "but um- he didn't make it". My heart shattered, water built up in my eyes, sweat formed on the surface of my skin in seconds. Shuri waked him over the head Peter laughed "He didn't make it to the cafeteria because he heard you were awake and...". Steve ran into the room and over to my side.
It was pitch dark when I got out of the car, there was not one light on in the facility "Tony, do you want me to stay with you? You know extra security, in case some hate group comes along" I smiled "go spend some time with your new girlfriend". He almost blushed "How did you know that I had a-" I walked through the door "I just knew".
W A K A N D A
• 4 weeks later •
"All five of you will be fitted with the finest stark industries tech for this mission and, with the help of Shuri, the best Wakandan tech, so suit up and get down to the lab". They all qued up except for me, Natasha got hers first, then Clint, Thor and Bruce. My case, marked with a star was left sitting alongside Tony's.
We had finally come up with a plan, but it was going to take a lot. As Thor explained, with the help of Wong, we needed to retrieve the stones and destroy them. Surprisingly enough destroying them was going to be the easy part with Shuri's latest developments but retrieving them, that was complicated.
I was so confused when Sharon kissed me when I got off the jet. I hadn't seen her in over two years, this was only our second kiss, I had kissed Natasha more than that.
Tony wiggled in my grip, and spat at Rhodes, he got a reaction, Rhodey swung a punch at him and got him in the nose. Clint and Banner grabbed him to restrain him while Thor stood between the two of them. "He has been screwing my Fiance for two years!". I let my guard down and Tony got out of my arms and launched at Rhodey. They were attacking each other on the floor and no of us could separate them.
He went straight towards the common area while I readjusted the hoodie statically placing it over my hard. "Oh Cap, I thought you would have gone with everyone else to Washington?". Steve sat down and put on a hoodie "No Pete, I had to make sure Tony actually remembered to go to the wedding".
"What are you talking about Bruce?" I smiled but sweat started to form on my forehead "I went looking for you last night to share an idea and I stumbled upon you two-" I pulled him into a passage by his shirt collar "Listen, Bru-" "No Tony! you listen to me I kept your secrete last time but if your going to start fucking your teammates I can-" I yelled "I'm not! it was just one time".
Steve was trying not to laugh, but I smiled at him, Fury sighed "Just get down here!". It went off and I moved up and down on Steve "Fuck Steve, this is perfect". The direct line came back on, but it was a phone call for Steve "Captian it's Director Fury". "Rogers here sir" his voice was clear but I had to cover my mouth with my hand "Did I wake you?" "No Sir" "Good, I want you down at HQ this morning to work on the trainees". I moved, causing him to moan a little "I-I'm sorry Sir, I can't do it today, I'm doing some time at the children's hospitals".
I was left sitting on the massive bed, shirtless and a half hard erection. I sighed and lay back onto the bed. I spent a while just lying there, until there was a knock on the door, hopefully, it was Tony. I opened the door, Bucky and Sam were standing there with two asshole smiles on there faces. I sighed and pulled open the door.
Tony's POV
We started kissing in short but passionate bursts, he took off my jacket and loosened the tie around my neck before kissing the skin he was revealing. I moaned "God Steve, four days is too long without you" he slowly guided his hand over my trouser covered hard "did you get off without me?". I caught my lip between my teeth and shook my head.
Out of no where he jumped onto my front and attacked my lips, as soon as he kissed me I couldn't control myself, I melted into it, wrapped my arms around him and we stumbled over to the bed.
Everyone looked at me, they were all aware of what happened between us, but I still sat down on the arm of the chair. Tony appeared, he looked tired, but that's not what I noticed first, I noticed he was wearing my jumper. He cleared his throat and bent down into the mic.
I put my head back down and dazed off, Scott nudge me. I looked up to see Natasha and Banner, I clapped my hands slowly "Well there they are! Thank you so much for keeping me awake the night before the most important mission of my life!". They both just sat down in front of me.
The lobby was empty, I turned my head both ways and pressed the lift button. When the doors opened a group of women and men got out and sat down at the desks in the lobby. I changed my mind and began to climb up the stairs, I couldn't risk walking straight into a room with Tony in it.
"Tony, are you in there?". Bruce. Tony opened the door with a smile "Hey Brucy boy, what's going on?". He was as awkward as ever, rubbing his hand through his hair "We're all waiting upstairs for you and Cap". I started to panic but Tony spit out a lie as if his life depended on it "Sorry, Cap slept on the floor, the old man's back was killing him so he was hogging the shower". I waved "Morning Doctor Banner" "Good morning Captian Rogers, just come on up to the meeting room whenever you two are ready". Tony looked back at me for a second, it was obvious he was thinking but he quickly looked away "Hold up Bruce, I'll come up with you now, give Cap some privacy to clean up, maybe even shave".
Tony's POV
I sat back in my chair in shock, it was Tony last night, but with who, probably on the rebound from Pepper. Then I looked at Steve, his neck scratched. I literally jumped out of my seat.
He took my hand and held it in both of his. Peter laughed "You guys are best friend goals". I smiled at him "Guys can you give us a minute" they left and closed the door. Steve kissed me softly on the lips "What happened?" He ran his fingers over my cheek and down my neck "We did it, everyone is okay, Peter Quill, he said he knew you, he brought Peter back and we handed over the stones, they killed Thanos, he's really dead Tony. The rest of the team is here, you're the last one to wake up". I smirked "I needed my beauty sleep" he caressed my chin "You're beautiful enough".
"Man, is that Natasha texting you, your phone was going mad". I looked curiously at the phone because really I still wasn't fully caught up to date, I mean I knew the basics. I picked it up and pressed the on button.
Sharon was gone quite a long time, I was washing my hands in the bathroom when she came in and locked the door behind her. "Steve we really need to talk" I smiled as I dried my hands "Yeah we do" "I'm so worried about Tony, I have something to tell you". I couldn't have listened more intently if I tried "I went to talk to him about something really important, and I accidentally walked in on him and Pepper...you know". This isn't right, they couldn't have been doing anything, he wouldn't.
I joined the so-called after party, there were a few randome people I didn't know. I politely made conversation with everyone until I found the mastermind, Natasha. She stood up on a chair and yelled "How about we all sit down and play a game of seven minutes I'm heaven!". The whole room cheered at the idea, Tony just stood in the corner and swirled his drink around, as everyone took a seat on the floor Natasha dragged him over and sat him in the circle.
He lay down and I planted both my hands in the bed beside his head, he moved his hands up and down my ribs, stopping at my lower back. I smiled "Keep going lower". I went back to kissing his lips and he let his hands run down to my ass. He sat up so I was sitting on his thighs, I was starting to find it hard to breathe so I pulled away for just a second, Steve's hands came up to my chest and he tore my shirt open and threw it onto the ground.
I stayed cooped up in my workshop for a few days with a bottle of whiskey and the door locked. I hadn't talked to Steve, but the media was blowing up with all the photos of him and Sharon.
When I finally swallowed it was with a load gulp "Yes, I'm still going with that" "Seriously Tony!" I shrugged my shoulders, it didn't impress him, he got off the sofa and stood in his usual pose, asserting  his dominance "Tony, there is no way the other night was the first time you did it with a guy, which means you've slept with more guys than me" he left his hand sticking out at his side, I finished off my snack and wiped my hands "and so what if I have?".
We got up to the roof where the rest of the team were, slightly less gloomy than yesterday but they all still had sadness in their eyes. They were lined up, Steve closet to me, glaring at me, Thor wearing a stupid smile, his newest pet sitting next to him, playing arcade defenders, Shuri standing at full attention long side Okoye, but no Rhody. "Nat, what's going on?" "You'll see".
I watched, sweating and starting to think this was all a dream, as Tony hoped back onto the bed and spread his legs out "C'mon Cap I'm tired of waiting, I'm not going to fuck myself, well not tonight" I moved in between his legs, looking him over, I could see the desire in his eyes but my thoughts got the best of me. I ran my hands up his legs and stopped them at his tighs. I looked at how beautiful he was like this but that stupid fear got to me and I froze.
I sat up on the stool at the bar next to Rhodey. He was nervous about something, I had known him for long enough to tell. He smiled "Look, Tony, I know things between us have been bad between us for the last while, but you are still my closest friend" "just spit it out Rhodey" "will you be my best man?". I shook my head a little in shock "No" he looked a little crushed "James I'm not going to be your best man, your brother is your best man, but I will be your groomsman". He smiled and patted my shoulder "Thanks man" "so bachelor party?".
• 2 weeks later •
Steve's POV
He followed me and sat down in the common area while I went to the door, I looked at the monitor by the door and sighed. He rang the doorbell again "Eh, Mr Stark, Are you home?". I looked back at Steve and then to the monitor "Friday? Hello? Anyone? It's Peter, Peter Parker".
"Don't worry Tasha we're going to bed now", Tony raised an eyebrow "We are?" "Yeah didn't you hear, we all needed to buddy up in rooms" "This is a freakin catsle, and they don't have enough room like eight people?". I rolled my eyes "More people from the villiage are staying here while they wait for Shuri to treat them, and come on it will be fun!".
It was coming up to our six month anniversary, and finally the day I had been waiting for, Tony was holding a press conference regarding his position as CEO. It was going to be a hectic week, he had to go on a four day business trip, and then it was time for Pepper and Rhodey's wedding, Tony went back and forward about if he would attend or not, eventually reaching the decision that he would. I won't lie, I hadn't seen either of them in quite a long time.
Just before we got into the circle I whispered "I love you too Tony". Orange sparks flew from everywhere. Strings went about and went through the six of us. My body began to go numb I seen Scott along side Rocket salute me before I turned to Tony and gave him one last smile then everything went black.
He walked about and mumbled, "You're just scared of feeling anything real".
I got home first, Natasha pulled me into the workshop straight away. I started to sift through my mail on a screen, while she lingard "Come on Tony give me some details!". I smiled "It was a pleasant weekend, we went hiking and sat by the fire and made passionate love at night" she grunted "How I would love to see that, Tony stark doing boyfriend things" I swiped next "Well if you want photos, Steve has-". I stopped, my hand fell from the screen. "What's wrong Tony?".
Wanda and Vision still live here, they've never been better.
I got a reply 'I'm in the bathroom' I knocked on the bathroom door and pushed it open. Natasha and Bruce were in the middle of an argument. I went red from embarrassing "Sorry...I was just looking for Tony". Natasha snapped "Well he's not in here!".
He sat up but I moved my body so I was comfortably on his crotch. I swayed back and forward "Are you sure you want me to stop". I didn't budge, his blue eyes seemed different, they were darker and his pupils were bigger. I lowered my head and pressed my tongue to his exposed neck. I had earned a moan from him, I started to feel his dick harden under me, he growled "You're engaged Tony" I rolled my eyes "And you are the straightest man in America Steve" I got close to his ear to whisper "I want you, Rogers, I'm all yours ". That did it, he was now fully hard under me. He grabbed my ass and picked me up, carrying me to a room, hopefully, one with a bed in it, but I'm not picky.
I smirked, where as Steve's whole face turned red. "What is going on here!". I rolled onto my side to look at her "We might be dating" she smiled "How long have you been hiding this?" Steve's face turned soft when he looked at me "Three weeks". She sat down on a chair "Yes Natasha make yourself at home while me and Cap lay here naked". She rested her head against her hand "Are you telling people?". Steve reached down and handed me a pair of his boxers, mine were too far away. I slid them on under the covers "No, so we would appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone else".
Steve's POV
I knocked on the door softly "Come on in". Pepper had her back to me, her hair was up in a bun and she was in a beautiful blue dress, similar to the one that we first danced in together, I stared a second but her voice caught my attention "Tony?". I looked at her, my eyes fell on her, and I was a little shocked.
General Ross gave a painfully long speech but finally let us get a bit of a party started. A few reports tried to talk to me but I took Pepper's hand and led her to my apartment in the compound "What the hell is going on?" She sat down on my bed "When James and I-" my jaw clenched "got back to New York we came here to meet with the Shield agents. I don't know how the hell she found out, but she did, she knows I'm pregnant with his baby, and she knew about you and Steve, when I didn't even know about you and Steve, she threatened to tell the media everything if we didn't keep our engagement going, she wants Steve".
He brushed past me and back into the room and took his bottle "Well Cap, she seen your work from last night" he lifted up his shirt to show the bites and bruise "and it led to a small argument". "So she was with Rhodes?" "Yes," he took a long sip from the bottle and put it down. He walked over to me and ran his hand along my bearded jaw. I leaned down to kiss him but he pushed me away "I don't like the beard Cap" "Well Stark you enjoyed it last night".
I was making a smoothie to drink on my way to lecture at MIT. Steve was sketching with some paper on the sofa and Clint was fixing a bow he had gotten his daughter for her birthday. Laura had taken the kids out for something to eat for her birthday, and they had no idea Clint would be home when they got back. The phone rang, I yelled "Cappy can you get that, all you have to do his press the green button", I teased him alot, if people thought we didn't get along they wouldn't suspect anything. Steve rolled his eyes "You know I hate your nicknames for me!". Really he loved them.
As Thor attempted to free Loki an arrow landed on his belt and it fell next to me. I quickly scrambled for it, and didn't even here the shout. I smashed the handle of the dagger with the rim of my shield and seen the blue stone shinning.
Tony was putting on his new suit, I wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him. "Steve, I'm sorry about earlier, I shouldn't have done that". I smiled "I didn't mind, I want everyone to you that your mine" he moaned a little bit "I am, I want to be yours...but we can't tell the world, at least not yet" my smile faded "As long as I have you, I don't care". There was a knock "Yous two going at it?" Tony laughed "You can come in Tasha".
I sat down at the kitchen counter and looked at the photo. I looked at each couple.
I took my dog tags off from around my neck and placed them around his "Why are you giving me them, they're yours" I placed a small kiss on his forehead "And you can give them back to me when you get through this".
Peter, he spends one night at the weekend in the facility, when he's not busy with MJ.
• After the snap •
I ran towards the lift and he didn't try and stop me, he didn't even move. The lift doors closed but I attached one of my handy little gadgets to stop it from moving. I sat down on the ground and hit my hand to my head. The sun was setting by the time I stopped crying and got myself together. When I stepped out of the lift Okoye was in the hallway "Mr Stark, you are needed in the meeting room to discuss tomorrow's mission" "Thank you".
Steve asked "Nat, what is this?" Her expression didn't change "Let's just get the stone". The creppy woman pulled a gun and placed it against Natasha's short brown hair. "We're just going to have to strike fast" Clint suggested. Bruce mumbled "Someone has to die" "What did you say Dr Banner?" Steve was puzzled.
When I woke up Tony wasn't there, as he promised. I sighed, and began to  wonder was it even real. Then the door of the bathroom opened, a steam cloud floated out and I could just about make out Tony's body. He had a towel tucked around his waist and was drying his hair with another towel. He mumbled "Morning Cap". I sat up to take in the view and smiled "You should have woken me up I would have hopped in the shower with you".
I heard footsteps, and looked up, it was Scott and Thor. "What's wrong Clint?" Thor asked, sitting down next to me. Scott answered "We didn't get a lot of sleep last night" "That goes for the two of us so" Wong walked in and took a seat.
"I know Tony, it's fine, I'm okay with the whole world knowing that you are mine, I want everyone to know, so can we please get this out in the open?" "Steve I have so much going on with the business, as soon as I get it sorted out we can talk about it". He took his jacket off the chair and opened the door, looking left and right "I'll talk to you later sweetie".
Tony's POV
Bruce hadn't moved form the stairs of the workshop "Go on Tony, tell him". I sighed "Bruce has caught me before, in bed, with men, while I was engaged to Pepper, when we first hooked up I told him it was just like that, meaningless, but now I want him to see that, I'm in love with you...". Steve's eyes widened "You're...in love with me?". I nodded.
Clint and Natasha were making jokes about Tony's teenage form while I looked around the room. We all stood against the wall until the door swung open. Howard Stark stormed in.
They all drew there weapons and opened fire, Steve's arms wrapped around me and bullets hit off his shiled. Barton ran over to the kids while Natasha blocked Laura and Bruce began searching for the stone "Check the box under the bed Bruce!" He shouted as he shot arrows.
I had to call a meeting to brief everyone on the mission, but all I could think about was Tony. I didn't want to force him to tell me about that, I felt awful. He didn't turn up for the meeting but I didn't send someone to go get him. James and Pepper had left to go back to New York.
My body was pressed against the wall and my hands were pinned above my head by one of Steve's. His other hand held my hip against the wall and Steve's face was less than an inch away from mine, teeth clenched and eyes turned dark blue. He growled lowly "Don't test me Stark!". I almost had him, just to seal the deal, I spit in his face. He smirked with a hint of evil in his smile.
He came out with whipped cream on both his nipples topped with cherries. My jaw hung down a little, he made his way over to the bed, I stood up and kissed him, starting at his neck before licking the cream from his chest. He laughed a little when I looked up at him, he bent down and licked the sides of my mouth where excess cream landed. He shoved me onto the bed, my feet planted on the ground firmly, he shook the can and sprayed it along my hard. I groaned because it was cold but I didn't complain because seconds later Tony's hot mouth was around me "Mmm, holy God Tony, you've got a very talented mouth".
It was rushed and full of lust, I pulled off his t-shirt and bit at his exposed skin, then took off his trousers and boxers. He stripped me without needing to open his eyes from our kiss. I shoved him back and bent him over the bed, pressing my hand against his shoulder blade. I crouched down "Tony Tony Tony, you are such a tease, how long have you had this in" I could tell by his voice he was smirking "All day Captian".
I took off my clothes and lay down in my boxers, even though I just wanted to take them off and jerk myself off right then and there. Steve came running in "Tony someone's at the door". I looked at my watch, 2 am, I picked up his hoodie from a chair and pulled it down as far as it would go "It's fine, just stay here". "No, I'll be your backup".
"Actually I said just because you fucked me, but yeah" I smiled because I knew I was blushing "What if, someday, maybe, I possibly might want to?" He looked into my eyes "What are you talking about Steve?". I looked away from his beautiful big brown eyes "I'm trying to ask you out".
We started to make our way across Asgard but half way there Thor stopped in horror. I looked up and seen Thor's father, mother and Loki lined up to be shot. "Thor remember it's all fak-" he was gone. Steve shouted "Tony, Nat and Bruce, go look for the stone, we'll handle this!". "Don't be a dumb ass, you can't take them on by yourself!" I argued, he turned around a glared "Don't be a dumb ass and follow instructions for once!".
None of us moved, we just listened "Oh mom is trying to deal with my discipline again? Better work up the fake tears now". Howard had an evil smirk "You think I don't know that you're high right now? That's an insult Tony" "so what if I am, what are you going to do, beat me?". Tony turned his face to the wall and sighed, I offered him my hand which he took.
She only opened the door a little "Come on fellas, it's time for the fight of our life". Her smile was kind of sad but I smiled back. I took Tony's hand and we got into the lift. Natasha went off to round up everyone else. Just as the lift doors closed I grabbed him and kissed him.
We all took seats around the long table but it was useless, none of us knew what to do, after a while the Queen arrived "Thank you all so much for your help, please, stay hopeful, my son would not want you to give up. We have rooms for you all on the fourteenth floor, I'll see you all soon". Thor thanked everyone and took the Racoon with him. Little conversations broke out in the room but I just sat at the table trying to get a grip.
Sitting on a bed in a large bedroom was a fourteen year old Tony Stark with headphones on playing with some electrical thing. Tony had the smallest smile on his lips.
Thor had made a quick stop back home, they were rebuilding Asgard, but he came back for this. His grey suit was accompanied with a golend tie to match his date, Jane Foster. They reconnected recently and seemed pretty happy he had her in between his arms, hands linked together. Her dress was golend and sparkly, with a plunge neckline dress and a slit up the side.
I pushed through the crowds and climbed into the car, straight to the jet. It felt like hours before I finally landed, I ran down the stairs, Happy had the door open of the car "Leave the bags, just please get me home".
I reached down to touch myself only for my hand to be slapped away. After the third time that happened, he huffed, and pinned my wrists above my head with one of his hands "That's what you get for disobeying orders Stark". I tried to pull them away a little "You are such a tease, just fuck me" he laughed "What's the magic word Tony" "please Steve, I need you, I need all of you". He shuttered and finally placed his hand on my cock, slowly stroking me.
I laid eyes on her. Peggy Carter. She was young though. Steve ran over and wrapped his arms around her. I looked away with a weird feeling growing in my stomach.
I crawled up the bed and pressed my tip against his hole "mmmm yes". When I pushed through I caught his lips with mind. I moved fast and roughly. I almost got too caught up, I opened my eyes and took a look at his face, it wasn't a look I had seen before.
We didn't have enough time, I couldn't think of anything that my teenager self held importance in. Orange sparks grew around Clint's wrists "Cap, we're running out of time" "It's fine Clint, just keep looking". He was getting just as frustrated as me.
It was dark, but my arc reactor still gave off some light. He looked satisfied with himself, "What's your plan Steve?". He got closer to me and ran his tongue over my ear "I'm just playing a game Tony". I couldn't resist him, "Fuck it" I took his head and pressed my lips to his.
"Well you see it all goes back to May 29th 1970, the day I was born" his laugh made me smile "Ah yes, the day you blessed the world with your birth" I dabbed his cut "yeah and fouty eight years later Thanos threw a moon at me, but that didn't do much, so he stabbed me" I didn't believe I had heard him right "I'm sorry...what!" "Yeah pretty crazy". We spent a few hours talking, it was getting really late, the city was silent and it was just me and a kind of tipsy Tony, but not drunk. He placed the empty bottle next to the chair and stretched out.
"Friday, turn off the lights". I climbed up the stairs and lay down on my bed, Steve came out of the bathroom in pyjamas and wrapped his warm arms around me, I let a sigh of content escape my lips "I love you, Stevie". He pulled me tighter into the cuddle "I love you".
Happy sped off down the road, I took out my phone and tried to call Steve, no answer, next I tried Natasha, she didn't pick up, I hit redial "oh hey Ton-" "Please tell me you haven't let yet!" She sighed "Oh Tony Sweetie I'm sorry, we're already outside Philadelphia". I took the phone away from my face and sighed "Okay I'll see you guys tomorrow".
A short time later I was under Steve's arm trying to open the room door. He laughed "If we're in the honeymoon suite, where are Rhodey and Pepper sleeping tomorrow?" I smirked, "well the hotel offered me the best room in the hotel, the presidential suite, but I thought they should have the best for their wedding night, so I asked they set up the presidential suite as if the president was here for his honeymoon". The door opened and straight away I started to push down his jacket and pull off his tie. We twirled and struggled with each other until I shoved him onto the bed. He was looking up at me with a stupid grin. I climbed onto his lap as he propped himself up with his elbows "Tony-" "shhh don't talk Rogers" I kissed him slowly and started to unbutton his shirt.
"Could I have some privacy with the Captian". Tony. He sounded broken, hurt and defeated but it was so good to hear his voice. I couldn't turn around, I stood up straight but I was paralysed looking out the window with a grip on my belt. I could hear everyone shuffling out the door.. I couldn't believe he was alive, here, now it was just me and him.
We were all gathered in the common room eating take away. Tony and Bucky were sitting across from me, it warmed my heart to see them being almost friends. They were chatting about the food when I heard Tony "Honey?", my head shot up "Yeah Doll?".
She was only gone a couple of minutes and returned with a bag "Remember ladies and gents, seven minutes everything goes, use it to ask questions you've been terrfied to ask or maybe something a little more scandalous, depending on what happens".
I finished inside him, untied his wrists, and took the cloth away from his mouth. He rolled over and had the look of total bliss on his face. He kissed me softly "I can't control what you do to me Tony". He ran his hand down the back of my neck and smiled at me "then don't".
"Oh Come on Pepper! I know what you get up to on all those company business trips, I'm basically paying for you to go screw a bunch of men". She sat down, not denying it. "For once in your life Tony you're wrong. It's just one man" "what?" She was on the verge of a smile "it's not a bunch of men, it's just the one man" "Who?" She looked away from me "Who is it, Pepper?" "Rhodey.".
I don't know how it happened but I was pushed along with the group to the living room. I asked for the room and I got it. I got what I wanted, Steve Rogers alone. He wouldn't turn around. I don't know if I wanted him to. I wasn't angry with him, I just missed him.
Tony was on my bed, only in his boxers and a hard bulge popping out of them. I hadn't felt this breathless since my last asthma attack back in the 30s. I hooked my fingers into his boxer waistband and looked him in the eye. Those beautiful big brown eyes stared back at me and his sweet nod reassured me, he wanted this as much as I did. I pulled them off his ankles in one swift movement.
Later that night I was watching a football game with Sam. Tony came over and looked at the screen before just walking away. I watched him look at the shelf "Do you need help Tony?" He didn't turn around "No it's okay". He stretched up trying to reach something. I looked at Sam and shrugged, we both turned to see how he was doing.
Steve's POV
He turned away from us "No, I'm not doing it, Tony I love you!". I smiled at him "I know you do, but you love her more, and that's okay". We didn't have time for this. I grabbed his two hands with the gun between them and placed the barrel in between my eyes "If you love me now Cap, you'll pull this trigger and bring everyone back home".
He gazed into my eyes for a minute before I titled my head and went back in for his lips, I dragged my hands from the back of his neck down to his crotch, I smiled into the kiss as I felt the hard in his boxers. He wiggled his tongue all over mine, driving me crazy. Then there was a knock on the door, we ignored it, "Tony, are you in here?" It was Rhodey, "Can you come back later?" Steve stopped kissing me "Tony, I just want to talk to you for a minute" I rested both my hands on Steve's broad shoulders and sighed "Can it wait until tomorrow?" "No Tony I'm getting married tomorrow!".
Hickeys, bite marks and bruises, all over my body. She got off my lap with tears running down her face "Who did it Tony, who are you sleeping with?" "Pep it's not like that!" She sat down, still angry, still crying "Well then explain to me what it's like Tony?" "I-I can't". She wiped a tear "Of course you can't, just another stark secrete right?" I sighed, rubbing my eyes "Pepper-" "Don't! Just tell me who it was, Natasha?"
I opened the door, trying to scare them "Times up!". MJ had her legs wrapped around his waist and her arms around his neck as they were making out. I was stunned. Natasha pulled me away when Peter shouted. I didn't say anything, she laughed "I can tell you're just a little bit proud of him". I looked back to the closet door and then to Natasha "Was his hands on her butt?". She nodded and walked away, leaving me speechless.
I needed a breath from the kiss, at this stage we were both fully aroused, and I was starting to lose my mind "If we were back at my place there are so many things I'd want to do to you". I forgot Steve Rogers was just an innocent flower how had only had sex twice, both times with me. That's why I was surprised when he picked up his belt and tied my wrists to the head board.
I was sipping a glass of whiskey when Clint and Laura came over, they wanted to thank me and told me they were turning in for the night. I winked at Barton as he lead Laura away.
Steve began to treat me differntly, he was being nice and caring, but I didn't like it. He let me take a shower first, then went for one himself. I made myself a cup of coffee and sat down on the bed. I pulled up a screen for myself to work on. I started doing some research into the magic Wong had told us about, the one that would link us all together.
He looked down at his lap again, but not with a smile, he mumbled "I don't know how to". I took his hand and pulled him up, but if he wanted to sit back down he could have "I'll teach you". I had taken Steve's hand in mine and had my other one resting on his shoulder. His other hand restated on my waist, touching the small of my back.
I almost laughed at the idea "No" "was it one of those warriors?" "No pepper it wasn't!" "I can't believe you would do this to me, Tony, after everything, does our engagement mean anything to you?" I stood up and planted my fist on the table "of course it does Pepper". She aggressively moved her chair back from the table and stood up "Bullshit, your a worthless, lying, cheating pig!". I snapped "Don't you dare talk to me about cheating!" "And what is that suppose to mean?" She looked shocked.
He pulled away quickly and folded his lips inwards "Sorry, I didn't mean for that happen". I took his waist in between my hands "Well is it so bad?" He turned his back to me and took a few steps "Steve, I think it's best that we are just friends". I exhaled roughly "Okay, fine Tony, we'll just be friends". He was definitely shocked by my acceptance, little did he know I was already planning on his to get him back.
We walked out the door together and looked in horror as we seen people running and screaming, children being snatched from mother's arms, people being shot as they tried to run. At the centre of it all, a big purple man with gold armour.
I rooted in my pocket and press a couple of buttons. Then ringing filled the silent room. He didn't turn around but he answered the phone. I sighed "I need you Cap" he turned around with a soft smile, walked across the room and wrapped his arms around me "I-I need you too Tony".
It was Natasha and Bruce. Natasha was in one of his jumpers and he had his arm wrapped around her. When she saw me she sat down next to me and threw her arms around my broad shoulders.
Now we were just lying, facing each other, "Tony, you don't have to do it with us tomorrow, Scott can do it insted" I didn't look him in the eye, I ran my finger around in a circle on the sheet "and why wouldn't I do it Steve?" He sighed "because the team don't need to know everything" "Do you want to know?" It startled him "Tony-I- whatever- it's really none-" he exhaled heavily and moved his hand to my knee "I'm here to listen to you talk about whatever you need to". It was the first time in my whole life that someone said that and I felt they actually meant it.
Peter started moping, I felt sorry for him, he probably felt like May didn't have enough time for him now. I ruffled his hair "we have a long day tomorrow, why don't you head up to your room". He didn't move, he was squinting at something in the chair Steve was sitting in. Steve came back but before he could sit down Peter grabbed whatever he was looking at, handcuffs "Who the hell owns these" Steve snatched them off him "Natasha".
I got him into some pjs and then got into mine. We snuggled up closely in bed and he started to drift off almost straight away, I whispered "Tony?" "Mmmmhmm?" "What happened to Pepper's dad?" He just mumbled "alcoholic" I didn't say anything more, it was just his snores that filled the room.
He kissed, sucked and bit at my neck, going from side to side, driving me crazy. He swooped lower and kissed just above my erection, teasing me as he moved back to my nipples, tugging on one with his teeth "Oh God Steve! Talk to me" he moved back to my neck, nibbling on my soft spot "fuck that's good" "You like that" he bit a little harder "Yes Yes Yes!" "That's it Tony, scream for me". I caught my bottom lip between my teeth, not wanting to give him that satisfaction.
I picked him up and dragged him to the lift. We didn't say anything the whole ride. He got out in the living area, went straight for the bar and took out a bottle of alcohol. I stood by the lift door watching him. He went out the balcony door, and I ran after him, out of fear he would fall, or maybe jump. He took off the ring around his finger and threw it into the lake. "What happened Tony?".
He licked my ear again "all mine". My gasp couldn't eascpe because his tongue was pushing against mine in my mouth. Something changed in my mind, Steve was a lot more than a hot fuck, I was just as love struck as him.
Three fingers in I was getting impatient and listening to Steve moan was making my dick hurt. He took his fingers out "Tony, I don't have condoms" "so, not like you can catch anything" he smiled. He positioned himself at my entrance, both legs on his shoulders so my back didn't touch the bed. The suspensive was building, he took his hand away from my wrists and took one of my hands in his.
"Steve, are you okay" I bit my lip "yeah, just give me a minute" he sat up to look at me "what's wrong?" I looked away from him "Oh my god... you don't like me like this. Oh god, I'm such an idiot Oh god-" He crawled past me, I was crouched down on my hunkers biting my lip harder "No Tony it's not that, I do like you in that way, I really really do, I just, I have never...I don't really...I haven't". A smile came across his face "Steve Rogers, are you really a virgin?"
Tony's POV
I looked back "Are you okay?". He hadn't moved "...Laura...I didn't save her" "It wasn't real Clint!" He looked at me with the coldest expression I had ever seen "But isn't it real!, Thor, his family is really dead, and Laura, and the kids, their gone". I looked away from him because I knew he was right "Come on Barton, the sooner we get this done the sooner we get to go home.".
"So everyone else is going down to the wedding the day I get home, but we can spend that night together and drive down the next morning, -" Steve interrupted "Tony I told you, I'm not going to be here when you get home unless you're  honest with me about where we are going". I put on my glasses "and I already told you I'm not ready, what happened to I'll wait forever, Rogers?".
"Let's go home Tony". I wripped the head off the teddy and lying in the stuffing was the stone. I placed it in my palm, Steve put his hand over mine and pressed them together until the stone crushed and everything went white.
Steve's POV
Steve pulled away from me, lowering the gun "My biggest fear is losing the love of my life and being responsible for it..." He was looking deep into Peggy's eyes. He placed his finger around the trigger. He pointed it up and looked me in the eye "I don't love you". I closed my eyes "I understand".
Tony led me to a small room used for keeping coats. I pinned him against the wall and wasted no time in unbuckling his belt, I slipped his trousers down and ran my hands under his chest, stopping to twist his nipple. Tony moaned "C'mon Steve, don't leave any time for interruptions". He removed my belt and tourers and dipped his hand into my boxers. I looked up at the ceiling and let out a groan as he worked on me with his hand, while he sucked my neck. I was shocked when he took out a pocket-sized bottle of lube, I laughed "you're always prepared aren't you?". He squirted lube over my erection and turned around, bracing himself against the wall with his two hands. I took his two cheeks in my hands and spread them open, lining my hard up with his little hole. I pushed in, Tony buckled over "Holy fuck" I bent over and wrapped my arms around him, trying to relax him "You're so tight". I hadn't moved yet, he was still breathing heavily. I had to exhale sharply, I kissed his ear and whispered "I love you Tony Stark, I'm going to marry you someday" he smiled with all his teeth "I'll say yes when you ask". I stood up straight "okay you can mo-".
It was 3am, the only sounds in the whole compound was Tony's muffled grunts. I lay over him and took his hand, picking up the pace, he was gripping the sheets with his other hand. I was trying to get a grip "Don't cum yet Doll" he whined through the fabric. I re adjusted and he changed tone, I found his prostate, I hit it a few more times "Okay, you can cum".
Clint's POV
The room was neat, as far as teenagers standards go, but Peter was right, I didn't see any wardrobe, not even a bathroom, which surprised me. Tony walked over to the wall and pushed against a panel, it was a door. Peter was in absolute shock "Wait, what!". It was a walk in wardrobe.
Natshas smiled at me as I walked over. The team cheered, I was standing behind Steve so he didn't see me, but I placed my two hands on Sharon's shoulders, I leaned in, close to her ear "A moment please Ms Carter". She excused herself with a polite smile. Pepper gave me a sly look, I winked back, without noticing Steve was staring at me.
"So I was sorting out some business documents on his desk that shield needed and I saw plans". She started to cry, my immediate response was to hug her "Steve he is turning Stark industries back into a weapons manufacturer, he has awful plans! When I asked him about it he was heartless and cold, like he wants innocent people to die for profit". That's not Tony anymore.
Steve's POV
C E N T R E O F T H E E A R T H
Steve was scared to do anything at first, he held me at the waist and didn't move his hands at all. That was getting a little to plain for me. I let out a moan, and he was sneaky enough to push his tongue into my mouth. I pushed him off the couch so he landed on the floor with a quiet laugh escaping his mouth. I climbed on top of him and sucked at his neck "Tony" he moaned. I put on a seductive voice "Yes Captian" "Stop it!, stop it Stark!".
The team assemble the next day to make a game plan, but some drama gets in the way.
• Morning of mission •
Crowds of photographers greet me, I smile and wave politely but get into the car as fast as I can. There are more big crowds at the hotel, that ensured me no one would know the board meeting was happening there. Thankfully my security got me up to my room and stayed posted outside it.
After the starters, I could literally see a thought pop into Natasha's head. "Tony did here Clint's life was put at risk yesterday", Clint puffed out "Oh my God Nat, stop!" She started giggling with everyone else but I didn't understand, "yeah, it was really scary!", "what happened?" Steve asked, but no one could stop laughing to answer, so Clint did "I almost choked last night" I sighed "Don't worry about it Clint, just make sure next time you take a breath before taking more" I realized what I was saying and stopped myself. "You know I'm talking about chocking on food, what are you talking about?" I moved out "chocking on stuff in general" Natasha laughed "Aww what a cute nickname for Steve, hey stuff, in general, can you assume a spoon".
Hours passed, Tony talked to me more that night than he ever had, and then asked me a question "What about you Cap, what were your rebellious teenage years like in the 30s?" I smiled at him, as if it would make it less sad "Well Tony, there's not alot I can say, my dad died before I was born, my mom died by the time I was sixteen, spent most my time working in a bar".
We wrapped up day three just before two in the morning. I undid my tie and threw it on the bed, I had worlds worst headache. Then there was a knock on the door, typical, as soon as I send the security guard to get me take away someone finds my room.
I sighed and put on a smile and made our entrance onto the stage, taking a seat next to Steve. While the presenter talked Steve mumbled "Good to see you're still alive" "Good to see your girlfriend is still here". I glared at Sharon sitting front row with a smile. Tension went to his jaw "she's not my girlfriend! And last time I checked you're still engaged".
Tony's POV
We lasted a whole seven weeks without any more people finding out, no one brought it up they just let us go on with our secret relationship. I was reading over some business forms, teachinally Stark Industries did not have a CEO after Pepper stepped done the board of directors just took it over until I was ready to go back .
Bruce, Rhody and Shuri all came in, followed by a few members of the Kingsgaurd. The room was getting too crowded. I went back over to my spot at the window and stood with my fist resting against it. How could they all stand here talking, catching up, while chaos was breaking out all across the universe?.
There was a bit of aggression in his voice "Stark we all know about that list of women's names, but I'm willing to bet there is another one, just as long, full of men's names". He started to piss me off a little bit "Rogers if your going to integrate me every time we have sex, well, your dick is good, but not worth that". I went back over to the bar for a drink, but he followed me.
Bruce mumbled "The stone is going to be in my room..." he pointed "that one, it will be in something sciency okay?" Tony pulled him back by his shoulder "And what are you going to do Bruce?". I shoved the team into the small room and let Bruce and Tony talk.
We got into the dining hall for the dinner party. We were at a table with the rest of the team, they were happy to see us, and I was happy to see them.
T O N Y 'S  W O R K S H O P
I sat back on my legs and looked away "Sorry" "no, don't be, I'm okay". He moved down the bed and glided his fingers up and down my dick before wrapping them around it and twisting. I moaned and whispered his name until I came.
"So Pepper?" "Things are over she cheated on me". I bite into my bread "Yeah, but so did you Tony" I swallowed "It was with you, that doesn't count" "Why?" I shrugged my shoulders "Cause we're straight" he sniggered "so you're still going with that?" I tore into my sandwich and chewed slowly, staring at him.
After the shock had set in we were all back in the meeting room. Thor started talking "You see, my friends, late last night I was thinking about an old tale my mother would tell me as a child about infinity stones..." I noticed Steve staring at me from across the table, I took out my phone 'stop staring'. He looked at the message and rolled his eyes. Thor continued to explain, with the help of Wong, a possible way to reverse what Thanos had done.
"Yeah, just a basic one against mine, we are half-siblings, I'm in the middle of getting confirming it now". She was still lingering "Natasha, what's going on" she brushed it off "Nothing, it's nothing" "what about things between you and Bruce?". She slouched, that was it. "Not great, he still thinks I'm sleeping with Bucky". Friday's voice filled the room "Sir your test results are back". I looked at the computer and then back to Natasha "What are you going to do with him?". She laughed "Tony open the results!".
Tony's POV
We were in Barton's 'secret' farm house. It was dark but there was a light behind the door. As we got closer I could hear mumbles. When we burst in Laura, with an obvious baby bump was tied to the bed and Clint's three children were tied to chairs. There were six masked men with weapons in the room, marked with the shield symbol.
All of a sudden my chair was pulled backwards and he turned me around to face him "Come on Tony, you have to go to bed, or at least put something into your body other than coffee". I picked up my coffee mug "I'm looking at something I could put into my body". I winked and went to take a sip of my coffee "stop being so flirtatious, this isn't healthy".
"I'm not just going to get you off so you can run away when we're done", I rolled my eyes "it's not the 50s anymore, just cause you fucked me doesn't mean you have to marry me". He stood with a dominant stance looking at me, I knew he wouldn't budge unless I provoked him "Fine, whatever, there are plenty of other men out there who would love to fuck me, I'll go find one of them and meet you back here for the mission in the morning". He got angry, exactly what I wanted.
I crushed the eyes piece and out came a orange stone. I smiled for just a second and closed my eyes. The last thing I could hear was Steve yelling "Bruce!".
The whole place was filling with laughter. Tony smiled, placed his food on the table and stood up "Okay okay, the cat is officially out of the bag on that one". He came over to me and kissed me sweetly, everyone cheered. Vision was looking around "Am I the only one unaware of this arrangement?".
We got in and went to go pick of MJ, Tony pulled out a bunch of red roses "Give her these, tell her she looks beautiful and kiss her on the cheek". He began to sweat as he got out of the limo. Tony mumbled, "For the record, the flowers were originally for you". I smiled "I don't need flowers, Tony". "You look beautiful Steve", his lips gently touched off my cheek.
He had a big smile across his face "Mr Stark it is fantastic to see you're recovering so well, we have set you up with a jet, so whenver you're ready you can all go home". Steve got up and walked out with T'challa, thanking him on behalf of the team. My eyes lingered as they exited. Natasha giggled "What are we going to do about you two back in New York?". It was an innocent joke that sent me into a spiral of thoughts.
"Why the hell did yous need so many rooms?" Natasha asked rhetorically. Steve walked closely to Tony while I hung a little behind with Natasha. Tony stopped outside a room door and took a deep breath.
I closed down the screen "Nothing, but I have to get going, I forgot I had to give this eh, talk, so I better get ready". I ran out leaving her standing in my workshop "Okay? I'll see you later I guess". I sat down on my bed and looked at the screen again 'please help us celebrate our wedding, James + Virgina'. I couldn't believe it. I went down to the main door and picked up the physical envelope.
I backed out of the room and text him again 'you have like 100 bathrooms in the place'. I saw Sharon talking to Pepper by the bar, I avoided them and grabbed Sam. "Hey, buddy what's going on?" "Buddy? Really I thought my buddy would tell me he has a girlfriend, man when did it even happen?". My phone buzzed 'The one beside the kitchen'. I laughed "Trust me, Sam, if I had a girlfriend I would tell you" I winked and left him standing with a puzzled look.
W A K A N D A
Steve's POV
I stood up with my coffee cup in hand as if I was going to make a speech "We can all appreciate the fact that Steve is no longer a virgin God bless America, God bless Iron man". Tony shook his head "Shut it Legalos".
The sunset on a kingless Wakanda, the warriors that were left started a mourning ritual for their king. I could see the city was dimly lit from where I was sitting in the forest. It was freezing, I could see every breath I took. I heard voices coming towards me.
"I'm ready, please!". Being inexperienced he couldn't tell I wasn't but I was deseperate. He unbuckled me from the bed but kept my wrists bonded together. He sat up on the bed "Steve, I want to ride you, please, it feels so good" I asked, he smiled back and nodded "Do you need me to take that off". I smirked looking at my wrists "no I can make this work". I threw my hands around his neck and sat down gently onto his massive erection "Mmmm Steve, god I love you" I couldn't believe what I had said, it caught me off gaurd, causing me to slip further onto his dick, he moaned "mmmmm what did I get so right to deserve this".
Scott and his girlfriend were mid-laugh. She had on a yellow jumpsuit, with a velvet look, that came off her shoulders. Scott looked like a bumble bee with his black suit and yellow tie but they were really happy.
Rhody had been talking to me but I didn't hear a word he said. Then finally Bruce said it, "Steve" my head shot up. I had been so close to calling him before this all happened and now Bruce was telling me he was right here.
W A K A N D A
"Stark, back into the meeting room we're waiting". Steve Rogers standing in the doorway in disgust. Pepper pulled her hands out of my trousers and blushed as Steve turned his back and strutted away. She pressed her lips to my ear "We'll finish this later".
I get on my private jet and sit down staring blankly out the window, it's just me on the whole jet, I twiddle my fingers and regret not bringing Happy with me. The plane takes off and once we're stabilised I stand up and pace up and down, I try to focus on the business material but my mind keeps bringing up Steve.
The room went silent when I walked in and just for a second, they all smiled. A crowd formed around me, Bruce hugged me "Oh my god Tony, you're alive, where's the wizard and Peter, where's the kid?". The whole room focused on me, I shook my head "They're gone". Bruce stepped back "Oh Tony, oh no". Everyone got a chance to greet me, Rhody was last he hugged me and patted my back "Where you back in New York? Did you see Pepper? I know she's alive but is she okay?". I didn't even know she was alive "No, I didn't see her".
I remembered reading about his mother death, she fell off the balcony, it was never found to be murder, suicide or accidental it was just a death. Bruce couldn't let it happen. When his mothers body went over the railing he ran out and began fighting his step dad. "Steve what's going on?" Tony shouted from the door. I glanced at away and back to the fight.
"And what if I did mess it up, what would you suggest I do?". She stood up and touched her hand off my face "Do whatever you have to to get them back, Tony if this guy makes you feel this miserable because your not around them that's not just a crush, that's true love". I raised an eyebrow "How did you know I'm gay?" She shuffled around and showed me her ring "Myself and Cindy are getting married next month, I guess it's a gay thing".
• 3 weeks later •
I opened the door and smiled "What's wrong kid?". He looked kind of frightened, probably because I sounded mad "Oh, Mr Stark, did I wake you, I'm so sorry if I did" "You didn't" "oh okay, I was wondering if I could maybe, I don't know, crash here for the night? And I know everyone else is gone to Washington tonight, so I really just didn't want you to be alone, and, and- please?". "Come on in kid".
I waited for Steve, at long last he came out of the lift, but he wasn't alone, he had Bucky with him. "Tony I know this isn't-" I shook his hand "Sergeant Barnes, good to have you back" "Thank you Mr. Stark, I really appreciate your hard work that allowed us to be back". Steve pulled me off to the side "Would you be okay with him, maybe, living in the compound with us?" . I sighed but as I had said to Barton, we have to move on when shit happens "Of course he can Steve, he's you're best friend, and a damn good fighter". He hugged me "Thank you so much Tony, this means a lot to me".
He kissed me, it was perfect, just a cute kiss, when he stepped back we both giggled. I sat down on the sofa with him and he handed me a glass of bubbly and the strawberries. I took a big sip and bit into the chocolate covered fruit, I could have sworn I was in heaven. We had a small talk but it turned dirty quite quickly.
Steve's whole face was now red "We're not doing it!" I couldn't help myself "Yeah, what was I thinking, Steve's a precious little virgin" I set my trap, Tony mumbled "Well he was when he met me". Steve turned around to him "Tony!" "Sorry, sorry".
Before we even went through the door we could hear shouting. I looked at Tony, he put his hand over Bruce's shoulder as he pushed open the door. There were beer bottles all over the place and take away boxes. I looked around, my jaw fell open a little, there were needles just lying out on the coffee table.
When I brought up Pepper I realised I didn't even check if she was alive, and then the thought of her off in all those foreign countries popped into my mind. Some might say I'm paranoid but I know what cheating look likes and that's what Pepper Potts looked like all over when she would come home form business trips. But the press was right when they stated she was the only woman crazy enough to marry me.
I knocked on the bathroom door, it opened slightly and he pulled me in. He didn't say anything, just stared at me "Tony-" of course, now he started to talk "What were you doing with Sharon in my room" it hurt that he thought I was seriously doing something with her "I could ask you the same thing, she said you and Pepper were in there". He scoffed but then his expression changed and let me talk "And she was just showing me your business documents" I put emphasis on the 'your'. "My what? what are you talking about?" His face was soft, "it doesn't matter...Steve, believe whatever Sharon told you, it doesn't matter, hooking up with you was a mistake".
We weren't standing there long before something happened. The space stone came out of the circle and fell perfectly into place on Shuris creation. I smiled, it only lasted a second because then Thor's body fell to the ground and blood pooled from his nose. I turned to Wong "What does this mean?".
Michelle was next in the circle, I breathed a sigh of relief when she picked out a little fake spider. Peter's face turned totally pink, and his hands were shaking as he closed over the door. We just sat around talking, not about anything in particular, my wrist buzzed and I got up to get Peter.
The two boys were finally ready to go "Do you want me to drive Tony?" He smirked and opened the door "No I think I'm okay". There was a limo waiting outside and a driver standing at full attention by the door Peter was freaking out, he thought it was the coolest thing ever, I just smirked at Tony, who was smiling right back at me.
Steve got up and took out a couple of the guys, I was helping Bruce look when I noticed a glow, Sarah's wedding ring. I took it off her finger and crushed the diamond that was glowing purple. Everything went white.
Wong went throug the procedure one more time "Please get into a cirlce, and I'll make the bond, remember get the stone and don't die". I looked at Tony, he was scared, I could tell, I took his hand and pressed it aginst my lips "Don't forgot the promise I made to you" he looked down "Steve I lo-" he stopped and took his hand out of mine.
Sam and Bucky were in black suits with matching silver ties, Sam had made some joke about it matching Bucky's arm. They were in the front of the photo, down on their knee like a football team next to Stephen and Wong. Basically all the boys that didn't bring a plus one.
When I walked out I put on my pissed off face "I'm going to bed, thank you all for coming, I hope you enjoyed your time". Natasha chased after me "What happened Tony?" I grumbled "I don't love him Natasha, I don't want to be with him, that was the worst seven minutes of my life". I was speaking load enough for the whole party to hear me, then I stormed off to my room.
Things were really quite for a while, I took the opportunity to get a romantic weekend away with Steve for his birthday. I told everyone I was going to my beach house, and Steve told them he had a mission, which Natasha helped sell the idea. It was a great weekend, we spend the whole time doing real couple things, we went to my cabin, just in case someone did come looking for me at the beach house.
Engaged, he could tell I was shocked "You didn't know?" I smiled a little "I didn't even know you were dating anyone, I guess I'm a little behind on the news, we didn't get wifi in hiding" "I'm surprised you even know what Wifi is, but yeah I'm engaged to Pepper" of course he is, the perfect girl for him.
I still smirked "You won, you get Steve" "I know, but you lose, because you never had him". Something evil came across her face "Are you ready for the whole world to know your gay Tony?". I had prepared for this "Not yet, and they're not going to find out because if they do, thanks to Pepper and Natasha, I have all the proof I need that you have been manipulating innocent Captian America". She stopped off down the hall and out the fire exit.
A V E N G E R S   F A C I L I T Y
He rolled onto his back "I can read that in your damn museum, come on tell me something juicy", I didn't know what he wanted "like what?". He rolled back onto his saide and supported his head with his hand "Well you worked in a bar, what was that like?" "I got bet up a lot by guys trying to mess with women who rejected them" he laughed "So you never knew when to quite?" "If you belive in something you never give up". He ran his hand through his hair "and how did you meet Barnes?" .
When I opened my eyes again we were in another dark and dull room, brown creeky floors and faded pinky wall paper. Clint was curled up in a ball, still crying. I crouched down next to him "Clint, it wasn't real". He stopped crying and stood up but didn't say anything.
I could hear the team talking, they were all exhausted, I couldn't face them, I continue past the meeting room door and into the empty living area. I sunk into the chair and gazed out the window. The sky was black, right now the half of the universe that survived are devastated and I couldn't do anything about it.
"No problem, just one thing though, when did you two start fucking again!". "Calm down Clint" Steve said, sitting him back down "Calm down? How long has this been going on?" I laughed " two months". "You've been hiding this for two months!". "Yes and we intend on hiding it a little longer so please don't say anything to anyone". He closed his mouth and nodded "okay I won't". Clint's kids ran into the living area and jumped onto him while me and Steve slipped out.
It's time the Avengers face their fears, but will it be enough?.
Everyone was almost ready to go, my bag was the first one to be left by the door, but everyone else was getting there, slowly but surely. I was fixing up some car snacks when things went quiet and I couldn't see anyone anymore. I walked into the common room where they were all gathered around the TV. I read the screen "Tony Stark to make surprise statement".
"I'll keep this as short as I can, I know there have been rumours that maybe I will just retire from Stark industries, and you all know the cliche, when someone who doesn't really want to retire is made retire they say it's because they want to spend more time with their family. I have a massive family at the Avengers facility back home, but when I wake up in the mornings I feel totally and utterly alone because I don't have my own family. Because of who I am, and the status I have, I haven't been able to live my life the way I want, I haven't been able to be who I am... I just came here to say, I am in love with Steve Rogers".
Tony told us about what happened, but the seriousness didn't last long, even Thor joined in on the jokes "So Steve, how much for you to tie me up?" His expression saddened "How did you know about that!" Everyone laughed, Tony rubbed his back comforting him.
The whole flight home we talked, about nothing in particular, but it made me feel human again. The jet landed at our compound and we lined up to get off. Waiting for us was General Ross and a whole load of other people, and cameras. I was the first one to get off, when I stepped onto the ground Pepper wrapped her arms around me and whispered "I'm sorry...we need to talk, please just go along with this".
He pressed down on my shoulders until I was comfortably sat down on his bed. He climbed onto my lap and kissed me, we stayed like that for a few minutes before I mumbled "Tony, you've packed, right" "No". I sighed and pulled away from his lips giving him a look that probably resembled my mom.
We got back a little later than we promised, but just before they cut the cake. A few guests turned in, but around midnight Pepper stood up on a chair "Who wants the bouquet?" A crowd of girls gathered around her. I was chatting with Natasha, glancing at Tony every so often, he was talking to Bruce and Clint. "What's this about?" Natasha laughed "Have you never been to a wedding?" I stayed silent "Aww you've never been to a wedding! The bride throws the bouquet and the person who catches it is supposedly going to get married next". I sipped my glass and watched the flowed go up into the air, they went over the whole group of girls and landed on Tony's lap.
"Bruce, this isn't a one time thing, I am in love with him, and I just want you to accept that". He hugged me "Of course I will Tony". When we pulled away it was a tad but awkward "Sorry for interrupting, I was just looking for something to do, Natasha is cooking dinner so I thought it would be best if I stayed out of her way".
He came back a little later, "what's going on Tony?". I stood up and he still had that troublesome look. "Follow me" he took my hand and dragged me into the lift "Where are we going?" He didn't answer, he just crouched down by the buttons and pressed his thumb firmly down, but there was no button there.
I pulled the butt plug out and grinned at the sound of his soft moan, I went over to his special press and took out, a thick red rope, a silk piece and his favourite lube. He smiled "You have come so far from the first time". I smiled as I tied his hand behind his back "You corrupted me". He squealed a little when I pulled the rope tight "All the gags I own, and you chose a piece of silk. I placed the cloth over his moth and tied it behind his head.
For the last three weeks Steve and I had been secretly dating, and it was amazing. The element of danger just made it more exciting for us, and the fake arguing. Things had changed in the short space of tim.
I went up with Natasha to see everyone, literally everyone, the team got a lot bigger, so a few more of them took up residence in the compound. Clint even brought the kids to stay for a while. Natasha went to Bruce's side, he slipped his hand around her waist and she softly placed her hand and his chest. He was in a navy suit, white shirt and navy tie, perfectly matched to Natasha's dress.
MJ got into the limo in a red jumpsuit. She smiled at the two us, "Nice to see you again Mr Stark" Tony laughed "C'mon Michelle I told you Tony was fine" she turned to me "And lovely to see you Captian, congratulations you two" "Steve is perfectly okay, and thank you". Peter looked around, settling his gaze on MJ "Congratulations on what?" She giggled "they're a couple".
Steve asked to take a shower in my bathroom because he let Clint's parents stay in his room, not because we had a shortage, but because it was a whole lot nicer than the extra rooms.
He was being rough with me but it just made me harder. We got into a room, he pushed my back up against the wall and kissed me passionately, I finally opened my mouth and let him in after a bit of teasing. He threw me onto the bed and tried to take off my trousers "Hold on solider, I'll show you mine if you show me yours". His perfect face turned a pinky colour as he unzipped his suit. His body was still as good as ever, perfectly shaped. I slipped out of my trousers so we were just left in our boxers, mine silk and his, starred and striped.
Tony was prancing around with Pepper attached to his side all morning. I couldn't believe how he had mastered all the lies, and that he was actually going to marry her. We were sitting in the living area discussing tactic when the two of them came in. Tony sat across from me "So what's the deal? Fight some nightmares, get some stones, blow them to bit?", I couldn't help but roll my eyes.
I had waited a really long time to kiss Steve Rogers. I had a major crush on Captian America since I was 15. All those photos of him that Howard had were free porn to my teenage self. After I kissed him I was shocked he hadn't punched me, so I tried my luck again before I knew it we were making out. His tongue ran along my lips, but I wouldn't open up.
I blinked a few times then felt an arm on my shoulder "Cap? You okay?" It was Tony. I opened my eyes and seen we were in a small living room. Thor wasn't there, "What happened?" Bruce had a frown "Thor got stabbed through the heart, his whole body turned to dust".
Steve locked the door and turned around to face me, he had a perfect smile. I placed both my hands on his neck and kissed him. I climbed onto his lap, catching his lip between my teeth I pulled my jacket off and began to push his trousers down. I ran my hands over every bit of his shirt while we kissed.
Clint disappeared, I shouted "Fuck! We are running out of time!". My mom knocked on the bedroom door, it was nice to heat her voice, sweet and soft "Anthony sweetie?". She opened the door and screamed at the top of her lungs "Jarvis! Jarvis! Call 911!". I watched as she took my small body in her arms and rocked me back and forward "Come on sweetie, just hold on, please hold on Tony".
Tony's POV
Peggy was now standing next to me, her voice was colder "If you lie to yourself and shoot the wrong person, you will not get the stone and your friends die". I tried to provoke him "Come on Steve, shoot me already, it's okay".
Regardless of my personal life and issues the universe still needed the Avengers help, we still had people we needed back.
I pulled the car into the drive way and we got out I handed him the key "Your just going to leave it there?" He smiled at me "Park". The car pulled up the garage and the door lifted opened. I looked at him in amazement, "Did I even need to drive that thing?" He laughed "Nope, it would have brought me right home".
He was able to run his fingers over the top shelf but still couldn't quite reach. "Tony are you sure-" "it's fine I have it!". He placed his leg up on thr table, I looked at him again, his trousers fell down a little bit and I jumped up out of my seat, I hit Sam, and pointed. He gasped, sticking out above his waistband  were a pair of of deep red, skimpy lace boxers.
"I just want to know if you're claiming that you never slept with another guy while with Pepper". He took the bottle out of my hand and held it above my head "Give it back Steve!" "Tell me!" I jumped up but he just held it higher "this isn't funny Rogers!" "Just tell me and you can have it!". I was sick of this "You really want to know about that list Rogers, fine!, how about I tell you the first name on it, Howard Stark when I was a fourteen-year-old kid!". The bottle slipped out of hand and smashed against the floor.
There was no doubt in my mind he loved Peggy more than me. She was his soul mate, they would have been the perfect match.
Sam, Bucky, Scott and Hope all got rooms in the facility to.
He put his other hand up to my mouth "Suck", "Are you sure you are a virgin", he bent down so his head was close to my ear "Just because I haven't done anything, doesn't mean I haven't thought about this, now suck Stark.". I did what I was told and covered his fingers in spit "Are you sure about this Tony" "I've never been so sure about anything more, now put in one finger, then another when I say". He jabbed the first finger in fast "Ahhhh" "oh my god did I hurt you?, I'm sorry " I exhaled sharply "No it's okay, keep going". He pushed his finger in and out of my ass for a while before adding the second and started working me open.
Clint picked up the phone "I'll take a message, yeah, okay, and who is this?, right okay, yeah I'll tell him, that should be fine, thank you". He hung up the phond and went back to the bow "Stark, that was your house keeper, she said you left your sketchpad in the cabin at the weekend, she's going to post it out". I looked at Steve who was looking at me "Thanks Barton".
I started to unbutton his shirt, "God, I want you so bad", we grinned at each other as the two of us knew how much the other was craving this. The car door was pulled. We both looked up, I pressed my finger to my lip. Neither of us made a noise.
Sam confronted him "Stark". He turned around this time, Sam grinned "You and Rogers are doing it aren't you?" He went a light shade of pink "eh no, no we're not, why would you think that?". He shut off the TV "Damn Stark, I can't believe it, you and Rogers really". Tony sat down "Okay okay, please just tell me how you found out". Sam looked at me so I answered "we seem some text you sent him".
Tony's POV
Everyone got a little flared up "Thor remember it's not real! Where do you think the stone is, think about something that means the most to you here" Steve called to him. We all thought Thor was going to lose it and do something reckless but he took a deep breath "It has to be somewhere in the throne room, I can't think of anywhere else". Steve picked up his shield "Lead the way".
The night before the big mission Tony and Steve end up sharing a room.
I was tightly pressed behind Tony, I took his hand and slowly intertwined our fingers "Hey Tony? Remember you said just because I had sex with you doesn't mean I have to marry you?" He rolled out of the cuddle so he could look at me, but he still played with my fingers.
A mistake, it hit me hard. "A mistake? Tony we've been through this before, you know it wasn't a mistake" I grabbed his hands but he pulled them away "Steve, I was just feeling down, dealing with stuff, I just needed to feel better about myself". I sighed and pressed both my hands against the sink "Tony you're just lying to yourself again, are you just going to marry Pepper?". Pinched the bridge of his nose "No, I'm going to marry Pepper, I'm gay" "So why can't we be together?". He snapped and started to shout "Because I'm not in love with you, I just wanted you to fuck me, so why don't you run off back to your girlfriend and leave me alone!".
Steve's POV
The lift started moving upwards "What the hell Tony?". He ran his hand up my shoulder and up to my neck, "May I?" He started to loosen my tie and when he got it off he wrapped it around my eye. I lift stopped and opened. "Just trust me for a second Steve". His hand grazed over my wrist and then it tightened around my hand.
The three of us caught up with Natasha and Bruce. They were in a close hug. The two of them pulled apart and we followed Bruce upstairs.
He rested his head on my chest and we swayed to the music. We whispered to each other "Why is it so hard to get some alone time?" I smiled at him and pressed my lips to his forehead "Absence makes the heart grow fonder" he rolled his eyes but still flashed his smile. Pepper came over to us at the bar, hugging us. "Congratulations Mrs Rhodes" she kissed my cheek "thank you, Steve". She took Tony's hands "Thanks so much for walking me down the aisle Tony, that meant a lot to me". "It was my honour Pepper" she smiled at him like she always did, with a lot of love "Well they just put out the dessert table! I better go find my husband".
I stood with my arm around Pepper's hip and her head resting on my shoulder, waving at the crowd and smiling for the camera. Clint ran off the jet after me, his whole family waiting for him. Three little children screamed "Dad!" and Sarah closely behind them hugged him. They stood next to the two of us and we watched as Natasha and Bruce stepped off holding hands, then Thor, with a smile, stepped off, everyone cheered him but his face totally changed and he ran towards someone. I couldn't believe it, I yelled "Wait a minute! No way! You were dead!". Loki turned around and smiled "Not the first time this has happened Mr Stark!". Thor grabbed him and hugged him tightly, I would need a better explanation later. Steve emerged after Thor, once again the crowd went wild, I looked away for just a second, and when I focused on him again he was kissing a woman. Sharon Carter.
G A L A  H A L L
Bruce wandered over to the door and pulled it open "This is my step dad's restraunt, we lived upstairs". He glanced around and walked away with his hands in his pocket. "Just give me a second with him" Natahsa smiled with worry in her eyes.
We had a romantic long kiss as I slowly moved my body down onto his dick, mumbling as I did. He was looking me right in the eye with a cheesy smile. Friday alerted me to a priority line call, it played straight away "Stark get your ass out of bed and get down here, we don't have all day to wait for your jet to take off from our training ground". I tried not to move and cause a moan "That's the great thing about having a private jet Nick, I get to leave when I want".
I turned the phone screen down and covered my mouth with my metal arm, I felt uneasy. I could guess that Sam felt the same by the look on his face. The phone buzzed again "Don't do it Sam" there was a silence "I have to". He turned the screen around 'You said you'd take me anywhere tonight right? Date night? Well I want you to take me...in the shower, or maybe the kitchen, how about right in the middle of your gym, just something to think about ;)'.
"Sorry, that was kind of stupid of me" I mumbled, keeping my eyes on the road. Tony was stretched out with his feet across the dashboard "No, I think it was hot". I looked away and seen him smirk.
We started in a massive entrance of a mansion. I turned to see Natasha, but she wasn't looking at me, she was looking at Tony. He was shocked, his shouts echoed "Why did you do that!, you're such a dipshit Steve, it wasn't real you should have just shot me, I swear to God Roger's, if you messed this up because of you're little crush on me I'm going to-". Steve smiled "We got the stone". The anger fell away from Tony's face and it was replaced by an embarrassed smile.
"Ehh guys, do you see that?" his nervous tone made me uneasy, I jumped up and stridded over to where he was standing. There was a small ship in the sky, I watched as it landed right next to the open barrier. I wouldn't let Thanos hurt anyone else. While Nat and Bruce stood looking in shook I ran off through the fields, ready to take lives and willing to give up mine.
We walked out of the common area and stayed silent but we heard Tony "Steve!". His footsteps were heavy on the stairs "What's wrong, where are Sam and Bucky gone?". Tony's voice was full of love "They're gone to the shop, I thought we could sit by the fire for a bit". Steve was now in the room, I took a peek, he had his arms wrapped tightly around Tony's waist.
I sat back down and Steve looked at me but I stared straight out into the crowd.
Natasha's body landed next to me and I looked deep into Steve's eyes as we heard Laura's scarems "Clint please help me!" Clint didn't move, "Guys I literally can't move!". This was his worse nightmare, not being able to protect his family.
Tony's POV
I couldn't help the laugh that came out, but he was embarrassed. I ran my hand over his face and smiled "Steve, trust me, you don't need any help". He was still blushing "But Tony...do you...Emm...do you want to do...stuff like that?".  "Steve Fifty shades of grey is extreme BDSM, I'm not into all the whips and kneeling, I just like someone to take control, some light bondage, and a little name calling, but if you ever want to try anything just talk to me, babe". He thought for a minute "But your happy the way things are?" I smiled "of course I am, I have you". His smile melted my heart, I kissed him softly but he pulled away and sighed "We should probably get to sleep" "yeah...but I'm not going another day without some love" he kissed my forehead and carried me over to the bed.
Tony's POV
He reminded me of last night, how fun it was. For now obvious reasons, my own sex life had been borning recently. I drank a little more and then went back over to him "Fuck it". I kissed him and jumped up, he caught me by the ass, legs wrapped around his waist. He walked until my back hit the wall, I moaned as he groped at my ass "yeah, c'mon Captain, fuck me". He put me back down on the ground "what the hell Steve?".
"Come on guys let's clear out and let Tony put on some clothes" Bruce got rid of everyone. I didn't want to deal with these thoughts but they wouldn't go away. 'If you and Steve went public everyone will be invested in your relationship, maybe it could be a secret, no, that would just be more scandalous, being in the public eye is fine for you, you've been doing it your whole life but Steve...no it will be okay, we'll figure something out'.
Tony's POV
Bruce ran in from the living area, he looked at the man on the ground to his mother and back to me. Suddenly I was the one of the ground being bet up. By the time I got to my feet Bruce's stepdad had his mother out on the balcony.
She blushed just the slightest and playfully shoved me "Go on, get out of here, you better not be late to dinner" "When have I ever been late?" I raised an eyebrow, she giggled and I swiftly moved out of the room, gently closing the door behind me.
W A K A N D A
He smirked a little "Four days without a release must be torture for a slut like you". I moaned deeply, I was loving every second of it, "I'll have to cancel all my business trips if it means being away from you". He was undoing my belt "Or you could just bring me with you". I threw my head back in a moan, but be got off the sofa and smiled "You don't look very comfy, why don't you talk them off, and I'll be back in just a second, I just need to run up to the bedroom".
• Next Morning  •
He leaned down and pressed a soft kiss on my lips. I smiled and exhaled with happiness. "How about you shower and put, on something nice, we go out, I'll take you anywhere". I wrapped my arms around his neck "How about you take me right here on the worktop, we can shower after and order take away". I didn't wait for a response I just kissed him.
I covered my whole penis and lined myself up with his stretched out hole. I slowly moved my hand down his back, trying to relax him before I pushed into him.
Peter nervously stood next to MJ, not touching her. He had borrowed my purple tie to go with her dress. The top was V neckline and beaded, and the bottom was poofy. I could tell the kid really liked her and by the smile on her face, she liked him too.
His face was buried in my neck, he was bitting me, causing screams "Keep it quiet Stark, or I'll make you". I nodded, the whole team were a lot of floors below us, but I could scream pretty loudly. He ripped, literally tore, my shirt off me. My wrists were free from his hand but he snapped at me "Keep them there" "Yes Sir". He got down on his knees and looked at my abdomen, he started to run his tongue down to my bellybutton "Mmm fuck", he squeezed my ass, hard, "language!" I smirked down at him.
T'challa is ruling Wakanda after they repaired the damages, Shuri and Peter still talk.
My forehead crinkled at his consideration. Fury let him go, he lay me down on my back and got us both off. I hopped out of bed and got dressed. I was ready to sit through painfully long business meetings and then at the end of the week, watch my ex-fiance marry my best friend.
The woman pulled the brown sack off the man's head, he mumbled and cried through the ducktape. Nat whispered "Their is only one place the stone could be, and it's in that necklace around my neck". Young Natsha began to shout "No, no, no".
The ceremony was short and by the time I knew it they were kissing as man and wife. They ran out of the barn holding hands and headed back to the main hotel while everyone else hung around in the barn for drinks and quick snacks. I found Tony and pecked his cheek and stayed close to his ear "I know all attention is meant to be on the bride but I couldn't take my eyes off of you". He smiled and intertwined our fingers.
The fire was lit, there were fairy lights everywhere hanging down from the ceiling, two glasses of champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries on the table. I smiled, Steve appeared from behind the wall, in just a pair of loose boxers, "I'm sorry that I pushed you into coming out that wasn't fair" he came closer to me and placed his hand on my cheek, I whispered, "I'm sorry I didn't come out earlier".
Tony's POV
When his feet stopped moving Tony had a scenes of urgency "Okay my heart stopped, start looking". The four of us tore the room apart, Tony got frustrated and kicked over the locker.
Steve's POV
I open the door and feel like closing it again, but I don't, I just leave it open and walk away. I go over to the bar and pour myself a glass "What do you want Christine?". She laughs "So you remember me after all these years?". I turn around "Christine Everhart Vanity Fair Magazine". She closes the door over "Well not anymore, believe it or not, I'm a legal secretary for Stark industries now". I sip my drink as she talks "No I believe it, my company doesn't hire anyone without telling me".
He looked up at us with a soft smile "Thank you so much". I crouched down and placed my hand on his shoulder "If you hurt him, I swear to God-" he nodded "I know".
• After the snap •
"Why aren't and Steve together?". I sighed "Not this again Nat" "Please, you two are perfect together" "We just can't be together". She crooked her head to the side "why not? You're out now, there have only been positive reactions, I doubt it would be any different for Cap." I took a long sip from the coffee cup next to me, but it was stone cold. I winced but swallowed it anyway.
"Oh, Mr Stark I think we have some things to talk about".
I pulled my shield out in front of the team as the shouting got louder but Bruce walked straight past me. No one had even noticed little child bruce in the corner with a tattered sciences book, it melted my heart.
Pepper ran in and screamed, "Stop it!". Both men got off the ground and looked at her. She was crying and struggling to speak "I-i'm pregnant". Tony's face dropped she looked away from everyone "It's James's". Tony snapped again and went for his neck. Natasha shouted, "Steve get him out of here".
*this chapter contains mention of abuse and rape at the end*
I pinched between my two eyes "Eh Steve, we have company". Wanda was standing awkwardly by the coffee machine trying to pretend nothing happened. Steve closed over the bathroom door and yelled from behind it "I'm sorry!". I giggled "So Wanda, I think it's time I tell you that Steve and I are dating". She placed the cup of coffee on the table next to me "That's okay Mr Strak, I figured it out ages ago when his boxers and jumpers kept ending up in your laundry basket". She looked smug and left the room, but damn she did make a nice cup of coffee.
"I don't hate you, Cap. I really don't" I pulled myself off the floor and onto the seat  next to him, he threw his feet across my lap "I don't hate you either Stark". He pressed both hands to his face "Stark, a cursed name" "What's so bad about it" I laughed but he was being very serious "People hear Stark they think Howard, war and death" "Tony that's not true" I tried to reassure him that his name was mainly associated with good. "It's what I think of when I hear it" his voice was dull and sad. "When I hear Stark I think of a brave, intelligent and caring man". He rolled his eyes "Wow take it easy Rogers, I'm engaged".
It's a three-hour flight from New York to Orlando, I spend the whole three hours going back and forward from business to Steve. Eventually, the jet lands smoothly and I step off.
Thor burst into the room followed by the Racoon, Natasha turned around and wiped away the tears. "Captian Steven, I have come to thank you for fighting so bravely by my side today" he squeezed both my shoulders "And to tell you there is still hope" I gave him a fake smile "Goodnight Thor, and thank you". How could he be so positive, he had literally lost everyone and here he was thanking me. He still had hope, he still believed in our so called 'team'.
We strolled over to pick out something sweet but we only made it halfway down the table. Tony picked up the wiped cream and looked at me with a devilish smile "You up for it?" I couldn't form words so I just nodded and we ran out of the barn back to our hotel room. Tony set his watch "we have half an hour until they cut the cake, I'll be out in five". He disappeared into the bathroom while I got comfortable, and naked, on the bed.
• the next morning •
Pepper jumped up off the bed "So? Who cares about that, no one is going to be surprised Howard had a child". She gave Pepper a real bitch face and turned her attention back to me "That's true, no one will bat an eyelash if the story breaks that Howard had a daughter who he sent to England for Peggy to raise, but I think you know what this means".
I couldn't watch, I squeezed my eyes shut and heard the bang before a white glow hit me in the face. I only had a minute to think about how Steve, Natasha and I were meant to find Tony's stone, without Tony.
After a great speech by General Ross, there was drinks and food in the common area. Sharon wouldn't let go of my arm the whole time. Every time a journalist came over she insisted on talking about our 'relationship'. I didn't want to cause I scene so I just stayed quiet until I figured things out. While Sharon babbled on about our love I spotted Tony guiding Pepper up to his apartment, it did not make me feel good. I knew we had to keep it a secret, but I wasn't okay with leading Sharon on.
I sighed "Damn it, I took Steve's phone when we were sparing". I put it down on the table and went back to my pancakes but Sam was still staring at me "Dude you have Steve's phone, let's have some fun!" "Like what?" "Like send weird ass emails to people" I nodded and put down my fork "That does sound fun".
Just as we got a flow going some jerk tripped me, I fell into Steve but luckily he caught me. The man uttered "Watch yourself faggot". I turned to face him "Excuse you?" It was obvious he hadn't seen who I was dancing with because when he seen Steve he had a hint of regret on his face, but he was determined to stand his ground "what? You break off your engagement with a fine piece of ass like Pepper Potts and you think everyone doesn't know you're a faggot?". A crowd gathered around us at this stage. Steve stood in front of me "I think you should apologise to Mr Stark, and everyone else here for using that language". The man laughed "I'm not scared of you Rogers because you're all talk, and apprently a faggot!".
His body language changed, he mumbled "One night stand". Oh no, I should have known Captian America would be the kind of guy to catch feelings after one night "It's good to see you again Cap, and well, now I've seen a whole lot more of you" I lifted up the sheets and took a look at his naked body, he gave me a small punch "Eyes up here, and it's good to see you again Stark". I fell asleep on his chest soon after but I could hear him. He whispered, "I love you, Tony, I really do".
He crawled under the covers with me, obviously he was tired "I mean it, you have come a really long way with modern sex, well thanks to me, you would probably be having boring straight people sex with Sharon if it wasn't for me, so you're welcome.'". I held him close to my chest, strocking his hair slowly.
While he caught me up on how everyone was doing Clint kocked on the door. Steve left us alone for a minute "What's up bird face", he smiled and smacked his hand off mine "I just wanted to say, I'm so sorry for anything I've ever said about your privileged childhood, I never would have guessed you were..." I gave him a soft look "Don't worry about it Barton, shit happens we have to move on".
There was an unbelievable crowd at this thing, I wasn't even sure what it was for. The man at the entrance took my keys and gave me a slip. All the cameras turned to me, questions being shouted, flashes, and screams. I ignored it all and walked straight up the red carpet. The security guard held the door open for me without even checking for my name.Straight away I spotted the table with my friends at it, and Sharon.
"Tony I grew up when this was literally illegal! But I still came out and I've never felt happier" he turned on his heels sharply "it's not about coming out". The pain in my heart struck me, I headed for the door "Steve" "it's fine Tony, you're ashamed of me" "Friday close the door" the door swung shut "I'm not ashamed of you, I want to protect you!".
I went for a shower and came back to see Steve making sandwiches. He handed me a sandwich without looking up. I smiled because it was my favourite, tuna, "You're getting better at this" he finally looked up "T-tony, did I do that?" I looked at my shoulder where there was an intense bite mark "Cap you have to understand, that's the way I like it!". He joined me on the couch with his sandwich, ham and cheese.
Once the door was closed over I sighed "I know that what happened to all of us, it was hard, and I'm sorry if I've ever been insensitive to any of you, but I think we're stronger now, we know things about each other we probably never would have, but that's okay". Bruce laughed "Yeah like how Steve is in love with you!". Everyone laughed, even Steve, "Yeah, I'll have to have a conversation with him about that, it was probably just the magic of sleeping with me". We were having a laugh when T'challa joined us.
We got to where we were meant to be. A grey room with a chair, a man tied to it with a sack over his head, and a little girl being dragged over by a creppy woman. They were speaking in Russian. The little girl was Natasha, a gun was placed in her hand.
Shots went all over the place, I could barely see what I was doing. Laura's screams stooped, I looked up, she was dead. Clint started crying, but he still couldn't move.
Jane dipped her hand into the bag first, she pulled out a toy bird, Sam smiled and Natasha moved them into the closet. Seven minutes flew by and I opened the door, Jane was blushing and Sam had a smile on his face "Times up". Jane went back and sat next to Thor, who didn't look very impressed.
Sliding up and down on his dick he started to squeeze my ass hard "Cum inside me Steve" he did just that. He didn't stop there. As cum dripped out of my ass Steve's hand wrapped around my shaft and he pumped me.
I had been held up in my workshop for a while when Steve came down on late night number three "Tony why are you still down here?" I pretended not to hear him over my load music, hoping he would just leave me be.
I smiled "you ever tell anyone about this I'll kill you, here I'll give you a boost". She went to place her foot in my locked hands but when I looked up she was gone, just like Barton. I yelled "Steve!". He ran in "what, what happened, where's Natasha?" "Shut it, we don't have time, give me a boost".
Out of the sky, six army helicopters landed around us and a very important looking man stepped out. Wong explained things while I kept an eye on the stones.
• Two weeks later •
I woke up still in Steve's arms, but he was awake and staring at me "So how long have you been watching me sleep?" He glanced over at the clock "About twenty minutes". "That's pretty creepy Steve" he smiled again, those my eyes went straight to his perfect teeth and lips, "How long did you watch me sleep Stark?" "I guess you have a point.
"Sharon you can tell everyone that I'm gay, I don't care, I want to be with him". She giggled "I knew you would, that's not why I came to talk to you, I just needed something to keep you and Pepper together for now". She went over to my desk and started messed up my papers "Then tell me what you have on me". She smiled "Oh not on you Tony, on Howard", she took a seat and crossed her legs "You see, before Peggy died, she told me to look into my family history, and that's what I did, so I spit into one of those tube things and sent it off..." I knew where this was going, I looked away "you're my half-brother, Tony".
A few hours later Friday informed me all our guests were either in bed or gone home. I tip toed barefoot down the hallway, pushing open Steve's door. He put down his book and smiled "Are you okay Tony?" I nodded "Yeah I was just wondering if maybe you'd want to, I don't know, I mean you don't have to but-" his eyes made me soft, I sighed "Could you come sleep in my bed with me... it makes it easier to sleep" he chuckled, turned off his light, stood up and took my hand.
I sat down on a chair and she sat down on my lap, pulling at my lips with hers "Oh Tony, I love you, please, don't leave me". She started to unbutton my shirt, then I remembered, but it was too late "Oh my god! Tony!".
Tony's POV
The door swung open, Natasha and Bucky came crashing in, pulling clothes off each other and kissing. I moved back, Tony whimpered but it was drowned out by Bucky's moan. We both pulled up our trousers and closed out belts, I cleared my throat. Natasha yanked her hand out of his trousers and they both look up "Oh- sorry- em" Bucky scratched his head, I smiled at him "I like your new hair cut Buck" "Thanks punk". I took Tony's hand and pulled him all the way from the room to the dance floor.
I was suited up, with new gear thanks to Stark, and ready to take on whatever was coming. The team of six were motionless, we had no idea what was happening, if they were winning or losing or even dying.
There was no luck in finding the stone, we had searched everywhere. Tony's teenage self got off the bed and took out a bottle of pills he was whispering to himself "I'm sorry mom". He took a large handful and swallowed them. Natasha gasped "Stark, is your heart going to stop beating?", Tony shook his head "no". While the teenager lay down on the bed he closed his eyes but only a second later he threw up. Tony laughed, both the teenager and him said the same thing at the same time "Everyone always takes too many".
"Nat did we not just pass the meeting room?", she smiled "Well Tony we have a surprise". "Where are we going?" she turned around and walked smoothly backwards "If I told you then it wouldn't be a surprise" I raised my hand "I feel unconformable last time I didn't know where I was going I ended up in a cave in the middle east of three months" she turned back around not tolerating my jock "Shut it Stark.".
Once I got inside the presidential suite I opened my suitcase, sitting on top of everything was Steve's jumper and a note "Something for you to cuddle while you're away". I close over the case and pour myself a drink before heading off the first session of board meetings.
The glass was blacked out, something was off. I inputted my pin and walked through the door. I scanned the room, all my workspace was fine, it was a mess, but I could tell everything was where it was meant to be, then I turned to look at the break area.
Steve's POV
"You are meant to be Captian America, you're not meant to believe in losing", I still didn't respond, what was the point of getting into a screaming match with her. I sighed softly "Is he here?" "Why don't you go find out for yourself" I got off the chair and turned around, she was crying. Natasha Roanoff, who apparently had no feeling was crying in front of me.
We took walks in the woods, cuddle by the fire, lay in bed all morning, hiking in the mountains, cooking together, it was perfect. But we had to get back to the reality of being heroes.
"Tony, you know Steve is going to be here" "Yes I'm aware" she gave me a disappointed look "why can't you just make up with him! I'm not asking you to marry him but come on at least talk to him". A man with a headset on shouted: "We need you guys on stage". We lined up behind Thor  "He's happy with Sharon" she sniggered "No he's not, they're not dating, she's manipulating him".
I picked the phone back up and punched in Steve's code, the last four numbers of his dog tags. ,"Oh my God Sam! What did I do!". Sam spit coffee out of his mouth, the screen was some sort of porn, it was of a man, tied up, with a gag in his mouth and a cage around his penis. Sam took the phone off me and got rid of it.
"Hey Friday" I didn't get a response, "Friday?" Nothing,  "Come on, why aren't you talking to me?" Still silence. I got off the ground and pottered down the stairs to my workshop to figure out what was wrong with my AI.
Everyone laughed but I quickly moved them along to go find Rhodes. It took an hour but Thor and Cint managed to find him, he had gone to get coffee and doughnuts to sober up. The small crisis had been diverted, Tony let out a sigh of relief and kissed my lips softly "I'll see you later!".
There was silence and then Tony went to reach for the door "I didn't think you're reputation would ever be true". He opened the door "Me either".
He curled up into the featul position next to me and watched me work. I got board in half an hour and turned to him, he was sketching in his jornal "Whatcha drawing Cap?" The top of his cheeks turned bright pink and he closed over the book "Oh nothing".
"So tell me Tony, what did Sharon have on you?". I threw my head back in a moan "Sh-she's my half sister- fuck - she wanted to take control of -oh god- half everything Howard left me in his will". I came in his fist and with a grunt "But after I did some real research turned out she was Maria's daughter, so she wasn't entitled to what Howard left me". Natsha knocked on the door "That's seven minutes!"I stood up and kissed Steve, I mumbled "So maybe we can be more than just friend, he grabbed my ass and squeezed as I opened the door "I was counting on it".
This was not good.
I open my mouth as wide as I could and took all of him in, his moans were sweet music to my ears "Good Tony, so-o-oo good". With no warning, he shot a load down my throat with a satisfying moan. I looked up at him and he used his finger to wipe a bit of cum from my lip, I grabbed his hand, placing it in my mouth, sucking and swirling my tongue around his fingers.
Thor fell to his kness and shouted as we had to stand there and watch this. Loki was next in line. Just as the gun was pressed in between his eyes an arrow landed right into the back of his big purple head. Thor ran up to the podium to fight Thanos, followed by myslef and Barton.
I dusted off my hands "Are we done here?" No one objected, I signed the documents and put on my sunglasses "I hope you all enjoy the dinner I arranged for you and your family, I won't be joining you, I have someone I need to get home to".
I followed him into the lift and wrapped my arms around his waist tightly hugging him "You play cap?", I brought my head down to his and kissed his ear "I'm just happy, I love you". He placed his two hands over mine "I love you too".
• After mission •
Steve took my hands in his and rested his forehead against mine "I love you, Tony". I titled my head up a little "I love you too" he smiled "you're the best thing that has ever happened to me", I laughed "Well now I just feel sorry for you if I'm the best thing to ever happen to you". His lips got closer to mine "Oh shut up". When he kissed me he wrapped his arms around my waist.
I turned back to the living area, Peter was fast asleep on the sofa, I pulled a blanket over him and placed my hand over his head, my phone pinged, it was May "I'm sorry, I hope he didn't crash date night! He doesn't know about you two, do you want me to come to get him?". I reassured her he was fine.
I took my seat at the table of older people in suits and business skirts. I raised my hand gently to my lip "Does anyone have any objection to me being the active CEO of Stark industries again?". Three people raised their hands, one of the older men mumbled to the man next to him "Howard wouldn't want a faggot running his company".
I stood against the wall as Tony knocked on the door, no answer, he knocked again, no answer. Before knocking a third-time Rhodey's brother showed up with Bruce, both in matching suits to Tony, followed by Clint and Thor. His brother pressed the card into the key and everyone poured into the room, but Rhodey was nowhere to be found.  Spencer ran his hands over his face "This is really bad" Clint commented "Worse then really bad", Bruce tired to Tony "I thought you put him back here last night!" "I did, I swear!". They all started arguing among each other, I got into the middle of them "everyone needs to relax, yes this is a bad situation, but you all need to focus and find Rhodes, we've got to do something". Tong mumbled, "have sex?" I looked at him "what? No, stop suggesting that, this is serious Tony" Clint turned to Tony "Yeah, and we're all here to" Tony rolled his eyes "fine whatever".
Her jaw slipped open "Oh my God, there's something else, what is it?". "It's Sharon" "what about Sharon?". I sighed "Two weeks ago when we came home..."
I threw the stack of paper off the desk "You've got to be fucking kidding me, Rhodey, you just had to have an affair with my best friend! How long?" She was getting quite, not making eye contact "How long have you been sleeping with him?" "I don't know". I took her face in my hands "No more bullshit Pepper, how long?" "Since we were on that break...two years ago".
Bruce, Wong and Thor were totally silent. Natasha was the only one joining in on the fun, Tony sighed "Do you guys really want to know?". Everyone replied, even Bruce, Wong and Thor "Yeah" his shirt fell off and he showed off all the bruises and bite marks. I whistled using my two fingers and Natasha cheered.
We were still kissing when I heard Peter knocking at the door "Hey Mr Stark are you up?". Tony sighed and whispered, "I forgot he was here". I got off the bed and sat down on the chair. Tony scooted across the room, pulling one of my hoodies over himself as he went.
Something about the way she smiled irritated me "And what's your theory?" "You are in love with someone". I finish off my glass of whiskey and open the room door "Great theory go get yourself a noble prize". She rolled her eyes, but didn't get up so I swung the door shut "I think you messed it up and that's why you've been so miserable in the meetings, and why you haven't made up your mind about being CEO".
T O N Y ' S   B E D R O O M
He finally stopped looking at me and turned his attention to Scott, Rhodey, Wong and Rocket "I have something for you boys too, go on out to the ship and suit up and get down to the lab". They thanked him and left, now it was just me, Tony and Pepper. I grabbed my case and made a move for the door "Cap" his voice made my heart skip a beat "Don't forget this" I turned around to see my old shield in his hand "I only made small changes, I know how much it means to you" I took it "Thank you, Mr Stark, I appreciate it".
He took my wrist and pinned them above my head he used the other hand to line himself up. He went all in at once "Holy fu-" his hand wrapped around my mouth. After a minute he took it away and let it travel to my hard dick, looking for attention. He thrust in and out and whispered in my ear "oh Tony, you are the only one that can make me feel this way" "Shut up *pant* and talk dirty to me" his face turned pink and he went quiet but sped up. He stroked me at the same pace causing me to cum over his hand. I turned around to watch him lick his hands clean.
He stepped back onto the floor, pulled out a suit case and began sorting through clothes. "So you finally have the business sorted out, when can we tell everyone about us?". He kept his back to me and stopped for just a second "Em... I don't know... soon".
"I can't believe this Sam! Steve has a boyfriend!" He cocked his head "maybe not a boyfriend, maybe just a fun friend". Steve walked in, I turned off the phone and went back to eating my pancakes "Oh Bucky, I think we mixed up our phone, sorry about that!" "Oh did we? I didn't even notice, here you go". I handed him his phone and took mine off him.
I went up to my room and rooted through the drawers until finally I found it. I only owned one blue suit, but thankfully it would match Steve's. I spend a little bit too much time fixing myself up before going downstairs, Clint's kids were relaxing in the common area with the babysitter, my whistling got their attention, I threw a credit card at them "Go order whatever yous want". "Thank you Mr Stark!". I hoped into the Audi R8, Steve's favourite and drove down the road.
I woke up feeling great, the sun was shining in on us, I studied Steve for a second, his skin was beautiful in the light, a smile came across his lips "Stop staring". He opened his eyes and kissed my lips. He moved his hand down my hips "Well what's little Tony doing up this early?". I rolled my eyes "Dreaming about you". I guided my hand up his thigh and felt his morning wood. I smirked and sat onto his stomach.
Scott's eyes shot up from his coffe cup "You can mute the room!". I was still hung up "Hold on, if it wasn't you two then who was it?". Two sets of foot steps echoed and over came Tony and Steve, sitting down together. Natasha's eyes opened wide with shock but I didn't understand, I raised an eyebrow.
We had just watched Natasha shoot her own father. I couldn't help but wonder if that's how it happened when she was a child. I didn't have time to think though we had to figure out what to do next.
How embarrassing, "Yeah...I mean..." "Holy fuck am I going to hell for this" I laughed but I didn't know how to handle this situation there was nothing in any leadership book about sleeping with your teammate. "I'm really sorry" he took his trousers off the ground "Tony where are you going?" "I'm sure there is another empty bedroom somewhere here"I stood up "Don't go". He turned around and waved a hand in the air "Fucking me is one thing, taking Captian America's virginity, that's a sin" he went to open the door but I slammed it shut with my fist, he turned around and realised he was trapped "You love to sin, Tony,".
He ran his hands through my hair while I bobbed up and down, slowly taking more everytime, until eventually he hit the back of my throat. I resisted the urge to gag, but then I felt his warm and sweet cum slide down my throat. I pulled off him and sat onto the floor. He was putting his trousers back on, while I pulled my own down, I was about to start jerking off, but he got down onto the floor and took my hard into his fist.
Peter and Michelle sat back down, he tried his best to avoid eye contact with me and focused on the game. Steve dipped his hand into the bag and pulled out a car key. He looked at me and I sighed, taking his hand and getting into the closet.
