Oh, you all thought this was going to end with heat sex, guess again! We still have yet to meet the mysterious Moriarty and discover his plans for the Alpha and Omegas.
“Who press-gangs suicide bombers?” The Alpha raises his voice, real Alpha power slipping in, which has Iris lightly whining and Sherlock’s whole body thumbing with energy to protect his young.
“Elegant.” Sherlock says by the back wall. John just barely makes it out and sighs heavily as he repeats the word. He asks it more as a question, but knows the answer already. The detective is enjoying this, more than he should obviously since people can potentially get hurt, which puts a small damper on his ‘Sherlock likes to help people’ theory. Strange contradictory man, wants people in danger for the puzzle and excitement but also clearly wants to help people solve their mysteries and have closure.
“Relax, don’t try to move, everything is fine.” Sherlock pets his hair, running his hands through his dark thick curls. “Iris. I’m sorry pup but you’ve gone into your first heat. That’s why you’re so hot. But I’m here, you’re going to be just fine.” Sherlock smiles, doing his best to reassure his son. Iris’s eyes go wide.
“Hello? — Yes, of course it is. What do you want?” He sounds mildly annoyed and mouths ‘Sorry’ over at them.
.” Sherlock says it so quietly that had he been moving he wouldn’t have heard it. The needy whine to his voice is like music to John ears, letting him know he has the Omega’s full attention. Sherlock might not want the break but the Alpha knows when he needs to be fast and when to be slow, the highs and lows will keep Sherlock on edge and make it even better than if he were to simply fuck him all at once.
On the way back to the flat, sitting beside each other like every other time in a tiny London cab, Sherlock tells John about a suspicious case from when he was a teen. It was the case that got the detective started onto this path, the one that led him to this very moment. A case that he had been unable to solve, due both to his age and the lack of care given to him by the police. John can tell by the way he describes it that the unsolved case still taunts him, is probably the whole reason Sherlock is the way he is. He hasn’t said it, but solving the cases doesn’t seem to be all about escaping boredom, it seems as if he wants a resolution for people, for everyone to walk away from the crime knowing and believing that there is nothing more to find and it’s all been settled. John doesn’t ask if that’s what drives the detective, if he does actually care about the people. It’s not the right moment to ask, what with Sherlock being closed off to him right now.
“Be a good Prince and stay.” John commands and when he lets go the Omega doesn’t budge an inch, afraid if he does that John will change his mind. Determined to be a good boy for the Alpha, willing to do anything to have John be his. To have the Alpha he’s been dreaming about claim him. Sherlock whines when he feels the Alpha’s warm body leave his own, the cock that had been pressed up against his entrance no longer providing him with that slight stimulation.
Together they float in the void as their scents begin to change, their bodies adjusting to the new normal that is their bond. Alpha and Omega together in a bond only they can share, one that will change them both are more levels than they realize.
Birth control pills. Works in real life too. I would know, 11 years and still child free and stuffed with hubby's... cream... (Probably TMI, sorry not sorry.)
Running down sidewalks and dark alleyways, it feels like they are back on their first case again. Sherlock can hear John behind him, the Alpha laughing aloud with glee. The rush of their near death experiences making them giddy, the two of them both perfectly happy to run home when they could easily stop for a cab instead. When Sherlock knows they’re about five minutes from the flat he turns down an alley and in the moment that John can’t see him he stops and turns around.
play with him. Or maybe I’ll make him suck you off while you sit on my knot.” Sherlock moans into the pillow, muffling his own sounds as he bucks back hard onto John’s cock.
John is looking at the bedside table. “Has anyone else been round asking about Alex?” Iris looks at her, observing her face.
“I have been reliably informed that I don’t have one.” He wills himself not to think of Iris in that moment. Moriarty hasn’t mentioned him but the master mind criminal knows he exists, knows what they are. He also knows that Sherlock has let John get close, maybe too close, maybe not close enough.
be. It’s how they got the tetanus into her system. Its paws stink of disinfectant.” John tries to defend all the hard work he just did.
Sherlock goes up to the painting, not quite touching it, but points to a star in the sky. “The Van Buren Supernova, so-called. Exploding star, only appeared in the sky in eighteen fifty-eight.” He holds his phone up for the curator lady to see, then walks away.
Taking the Prince’s hips in his hands he lifts him just a bit further up and onto the table, bending him fully and not letting his feet touch the floor. Sherlock flails his legs, trying to find the floor but he can’t feel anything even with his feet flexed as far as they will go. It’s the final bit of control John can take away from the boy, putting the Omega fully at his mercy.
“Hmmm. Did someone get excited watching their pup get knotted for the first time?” John taunts Sherlock.
When he’s finally satisfied that the new bond mark is sealed John kisses Sherlock’s cheek. “How are you doing Love?” He says, voice a little rough from all the growling he was probably doing without realizing it.
been idle.” Sherlock says to John, hoping into the cab, which John follows him into immediately. Ever following the detective.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment. I hope you enjoyed. I certainly enjoyed writing it.
John has never heard Sherlock beg for anything, but after losing the last hostage he can understand that it might be what’s needed to save this one, even if he’s still unsure if the pleading is because he cares about the captive or if he just wants to solve the case. They don’t even know if a hostage is part of this challenge, as the bomber hasn’t called with a new voice, switching up his tactics. Trying to throw them off the trail.
“I brought you your comforter. Thought you might want it…” Iris holds it out, still not stepping into his room. He has his head down, looking at the floor instead of at John.
“Getting you into crap telly.” He says, making Iris laugh loudly. John smiles at them both, neither of them seeing him. He likes this, this calm atmosphere as the two Omegas he’s smitten with enjoy themselves. The glass may be broken in the window, Sherlock and he might not have resolved their issues yet, but they both smell like him and he smells like them. It just makes his heart sink to think he could lose it. But Sherlock has been acting more normal around him again, he didn’t wash the scarf before putting it back on, letting him be essentially scented again, though not by direct contact, so it seems for the moment like they’ll get back on track. It may take some extra time, but he feels hopeful.
“Oh yes. See, the Omega Mandate has been around for many years now and a lot of people aren’t happy about that.” He says matter of fact. Sherlock stares at him flabbergasted. “So many people who get early testing of their genes, only to find out that one day they’re going to be forced by the government to make little pups. All so we can have Alphas again.” He puts his hand on John’s shoulder and the Alpha bares his teeth, but holds back the snarl Sherlock knows he wants to let out.
Sherlock tries to plan his next move, he’s clearly not playing the game as well as he thought he had been. Moriarty has them in a trap and even if he kills the master criminal, he’ll lose John and most likely be killed himself when the sniper sets off the bomb.
John shifts to bury his face in Sherlock’s scent gland, letting the intoxicating fragrance affect him more, letting it make his knot throb a little larger. He shallows out his thrusts, his knot slipping in and out, slick continuing to coat him as he gets his last final strokes, reveling in how good his soon to be mate feels. He wishes it could last forever, wants to never leave the soft flesh of Sherlock’s body. Wants to feel the two of them connected in the way only Alpha and Omega can be, locked together with their desire, prays they could stay that way for the rest of eternity.
Sherlock slumps into the bed, clearly satisfied with just the quickie. After so much tension and build up John isn’t surprised and he enjoys his little moment as he abuses Sherlock’s hole further. This time, his body is already closed off and John’s new cum dribbles down whenever he pulls out, coating the Omega’s balls.
Sherlock isn’t sure he’ll ever come down from the high he feels when John finally seats himself fully into him, their bodies fitting together as the Alpha’s cock stretches him open. It’s so intensely satisfying that he feels nothing from the rest of his limbs, his whole body warm and floating as his head swims in their scents. At some point he must have wrapped his legs around John’s waist because when the Alpha draws back, he naturally tries to pull him back in, digging his heels into his back, chasing that full feeling he just had, craving more of what he’s just had a small taste of. A whimper escapes his throat before his breath is punched out by the Alpha’s next full thrust, the power of John’s legs evident as he’s pushed up the bed a bit. They both groan together at the satisfaction of their bodies coming together, naturally fitting as if they were made for each other.
The detective blinks slowly and looks down defeated. He thought he was smart enough to take on Moriarty but it appears the man has thought of it all. He’s played John, used the Alpha as a pawn and tried to pit them against each other. He picked the perfect time to implement his plan, because he knew they would have to be separate for a time and he could manipulate the situation to break them.
John keeps the pressure on Sherlock’s gland and laves his tongue over it, making the detective continue to squirm, hips jumping, arms clinging to him as little noises between pleasure and desperation fall from those bowed lips. After teasing him for a while longer, John finally gives the Omega a break and pulls off with a little pop and kisses the now bruised flesh. He hears the detective let out a breathy sigh and the grip on his biceps lessens a bit as Sherlock relaxes into the bed after the all the teasing. The Alpha smirks and then kisses his way back down over alabaster kiss. He wants to mark it all as
“I don’t eat when there is a case on.” Sherlock says but sits in front of the plate, eyeing it with mild interest.
The sight of the naked Omega in front of him spurs John’s cock to its full length, the thick shaft straining against his own trousers. Sherlock is a beautiful sight in front of him, all pale smooth skin and lithe figure, his body just grown enough to have lost the awkward look he had just a short year ago. The boy bites his lips anxiously and looks down hiding his eyes behind brown curls, submitting to the Alpha’s gaze and drawing John’s attention down to the Omega’s pretty cock. The small thing is thin and pale like the boy himself, it stands proud resting against the curl of his hip, the tip blushing a beautiful pink. John wants to touch it, wants to stroke it and feel how smooth it would be in his hand, to see how the teen would react to him if he took it into his mouth. But his darker desire to claim, to
John feels that the case is nowhere closer to being solved, but his understanding of Mycroft and Sherlock’s relationship has sure changed. Mycroft isn’t just a Beta older brother who took care of his younger sibling. He’s an Omega in hiding who wasn’t able to also hide his little brother, who ended up getting hurt. Perhaps it’s not as simple as a sibling rivalry, but something deeper.
“John?” Sherlock says, but his voice seems far away and the Alpha simply keeps rubbing over his stomach. “John!” The Omega says more firmly and John’s hand freezes. He looks up with a slightly embarrassed look on his face.
The Omega below him sighs and grips onto him before starting to rock his own hips to the beat he’s started. It’s gentle and John pulls back to watch Sherlock’s face. He’s never seen the detective enjoy something like this before, only seen him happy about solving cases or finally having something ‘fun’ to be doing involving murder. So, when he sees Sherlock for the first time, he almost feels like crying at how beautiful he looks. His cheeks are flushed red, his mouth hanging open, eyes closed with a look of bliss. John keeps watching, sees the little changes in the Omega’s face as he pushes deeper. He leans over and kisses beside that open mouth and Sherlock chases the feeling, bringing his mouth to John’s, connecting them together once again.
“That painting has been subjected to every test known to science.” The woman says, arms crossed defensively. John looks between her and the painting, though why he bothers trying to find something wrong with it, he isn’t sure. He knows he has no knowledge that would be helpful when it comes to art.
“I thought of it the minute I saw the scratches on her arm, but it’s too random and too clever for the brother.”
They meet up with a Beta woman who was sharing a flat with Alex, the dead security guard. All three of them check out the man’s bedroom, a tiny attic flat with stargazing posters hung up on the walls.
Iris opens the door and looks around, but doesn’t enter. In his hands he holds John’s comforter. He probably could hear John moving around through the floor. The Alpha forgets sometimes that his floor is their ceiling in their bedroom.
“YES!” Sherlock keens beneath him, his back going rigid as he’s knotted for the first time, the pain out weighted by the pleasure as he feels his Alpha’s knot inflating and locking them together. It pushes against his prostate as it grows, sparking hot licks of pleasure down his backside and into his balls. When he feels John start to rock and grind his cock deeper into him, he’s lost, coming again, shooting all over the floor, completely untouched.
a scenting is supposed to be reserved for a potentially mating couple and yet I have recently seen it used as a comforting device by an unlikely pair. Family members in fact, which intrigued me and helped me understand that while certain things are considered “traditional” or “normal”, those very same traditions can be changed or different in certain contexts. For example, I personally used another “traditionally intimate” action of marking to calm two different Omegas, both of whom are still, as of yet, untouched by myself even though I was in the position to do so. But the goal of calming them down was fully achieved and I have not further marked either of them as neither have needed it, nor have I started an intimate enough relationship with either to warrant such action.” John clamps his jaw fully shut, but is proud of himself by the end at how well put together it all sounds and how calm he kept his voice. He continues to look out the window with a now silent Sherlock the whole way to the abandoned car.
Eventually, the knot deflates and John pulls his still stiff cock out of Iris’s warmth and is pleased to see no cum drips out, the teen’s body having closed up to keep a hold of the Alpha’s seed in order to guarantee a pup.
The teen smells and tastes delicious, the slick warm on his tongue, the scent almost enough to make him lose control. But he’s experienced and he keeps his Alpha at bay, even as he rumbles in his chest each time he gets another mouthful of sweet nectar. He sucks and nibbles at the flesh and he can’t see it but Sherlock can feel each time he does it because Iris’s cock twitches. John finishes one side and moves to the other, testing out how his fingers fit as he goes between them. He widens his digits to see if a fourth will fit and gets a little peak inside of Iris’s hole, which he fills with another finger. The other thigh is slowly cleaned of slick, his tongue drawing patterns into flesh.
Back around the front, Sherlock has tightened his grip around Iris’s cock, but has left his pace leisurely. He strokes up and down a few times, then rubs his thumb over the top to catch the precum which is weeping from the teen’s swollen head. He watches Iris’s face for any signs of discomfort but all he sees is bliss, his pup’s mouth hanging open, pink tongue darting out to lick at plush cupid’s bow lips in-between pleased moans. His eyes try to open but the pleasurable sensations from both sides are too strong and he closes them again, biting into his bottom lip with a hiss.
touch him here. The thought makes him rumble in his chest as he lets out a fresh way of musky Alpha scent.
“Who are you?” Sherlock tries. “What’s that noise?” John stays quiet, but he can’t hear anything on the other side of the phone and Sherlock has stopped breathing to listen. After less than a minute, Sherlock lowers the phone, having said nothing more. Just the tenseness of his shoulders says he isn’t happy about what he heard on the other side of the line.
John swivels his hips and grinds himself against Sherlock’s hole, his knot having now grown just a bit too much to slide in an out quickly. The warm soft flesh of the Omega’s rim clenches and tugs at him, begging him to continue his blissful intrusion, to sink himself as deep as he can go. He growls lowly and pulls out before slamming back in, knot getting a taste of the heat it had just been sinking into. Below him Sherlock is sweating and straining, pulling him in each time though his legs are starting to give out. He’s craving the Alpha’s knot just as much as John wants to give it to him.
“Fetch it for me. If you wouldn’t mind.” Sherlock waits until the brother gets up and goes to another room to get the thumb drive. “Distraction over, the game continues.” He whispers to John.
‘Congratulations to Ian Monkford on his relocation to Columbia.’ Sherlock types into the computer. They’d been all around over the last few hours. To the company Janus Cars who rented the car to ‘victim’, then Sherlock to the lab to do some testing, while John went to a local cafe for a quick meal which he inhaled, before giving the final findings to Lestrade at the station. Now finally back at home and the mystery solved, they sit around the table, telling Iris what’s been happening. The little Omega soaking it all in, his attention never wavering.
.” Sherlock chants once he’s finally found his words again, though exactly what he wants is a mystery. John has a good idea of what it is if the fluttering hole in front of him is anything to go by. He’s satisfied with his work so far, the teen’s hole is pink and lightly open, inviting him to come inside. John takes a deep breath loving the new smell of the Omega’s cum mixing into the air with their already overwhelming scents.
“What did he DO?! Tell me! What happened?” He pulls Sherlock away looking into his mate’s face, searching for answers. But the Omega’s eyes only convey sadness as the tears start to stream down his face.
“Wish I’d known what we were doing, would have brought ‘backup’.” John states. To which Sherlock turns around to face him once again, pulling John’s pistol from his coat pocket. The Alpha looks at it for a moment and smiles, though the scarf hides most of it, but Sherlock nods at the acknowledgement of his forward thinking.
John and Sherlock have escaped Moriarty with their lives. As they run back to the flat, Sherlock enacts the plan he had been sitting on since after the explosion.
“J-o-o-ohn-n!” The detective whines when the Alpha does it again, this time swirling his tongue around the head, capturing a new burst of precum.
“There you go. Go find out where he is and pick him up.” Sherlock gives the phone to Lestrade. The detective locks eyes with John, who is standing there with his mouth partially open in complete awe of the Omega’s brilliance. He knows Sherlock told him not to make him a hero in his mind, but he can’t do that, he can’t unhear the detective plead for just a bit more time and can’t unsee the relief he’s trying to hide on his face, that he saved the pup.
“Can’t be as simple as it seems, otherwise the bomber wouldn’t be directing us towards it. Something’s wrong.” John and Iris have started circling the body like a couple of vultures, only they’re looking for clues instead of a meal. Sherlock looks up and down the body as they do this, all of them focusing intently on the dead women. After a minute he gets out his magnifier and starts looking more intently at the wound on her hand, claw marks on her arms and little pin pricks on her face.
Heyo everyone. I want to start off by thanking everyone for their patience for the chapter taking so long. I don't want to get into too many details but holidays are a big sore spot for me. So most of December and the beginning of January kind of slid by as I tried my best to smile and laugh at all the family gatherings and my work only gives Christmas day off, so I had to work new years day. Plus my car broke down, fun fun all around. But that doesn't mean I haven't been working on the story, I refuse give up ever, I have too many other stories that need to be written and I'm not allowed to start them until this one is complete!
John’s head is swimming in wonderful bliss, but that shifts when his knot hits a point in Sherlock that it becomes too much and he can feel a break. A pained hiccup, followed by the Omega’s whole body tensing can be felt as John’s knot breaks a piece of Sherlock that his scent had said was broken long ago.
“Me.” Sherlock says over his shoulder, continuing to walk away. John sighs but follows after. Iris smiles at Lestrade and catches up to John, trying not to get a foot stuck in the mud.
“I’ll be back. John thinks he might have an answer.” He kisses Iris on the top of the head and rushes out, leaving the two alone. Lestrade doesn’t really seem to notice that it’s just them, still staring at the information on the wall.
Sherlock’s insides clamp down on him, pressing on him and forcing a growl from his mouth, his tip gushing out his thick seed, filling up the Omega. John quickly leans over and bites into Sherlock’s offered scent gland, breaking the skin as their bodies are both in total ecstasy. The Omega doesn’t even feel the bite, the overwhelming sensation of being pumped full of cum overriding any discomfort he might otherwise feel.
“Raoul didn’t know about it, they hired him to be a houseboy and Kenny found himself drawn to him. He had a falling out with his sister and she made him the butt of her jokes, week in and week out on her show. A virtual bullying campaign against her former lover.” John keeps his dark eyes locked on the detective’s light ones. “She threatened to disinherit Kenny. Raoul had grown accustomed to a certain lifestyle, so...” Sherlock let’s John fill in the rest as he turns around to head toward the main road.
. She’s been there all this time.” If Sherlock doesn’t care about saving her then he’s been wrong about the Omega this whole time. That he really is heartless and that it’s all a game. That John thinking he was pretending to be cold was actually real and he really does know nothing about who Sherlock is.
Chief minister John sits upon the King's chair in the war room, a giant wooden table laid out in front of him with dozens of maps, wooden carved figurines, and tents showing the placement of the various armies that have spread out across the kingdom’s vast lands. The King and his first-born son Mycroft left two months ago with countless men, to drive the invaders back from where they came. The current assembly of lords in front of him are arguing over who will continue to fight if the King’s men fail in their mission and while he would normally assert himself over the men he knows that the Alphas in front of him haven’t gotten their aggression out in so long that letting them wear themselves out in this argument will benefit him for when he finally speaks.
“You’ll be hearing from me Sherlock.” Moriarty turns about and strolls back around the pool, headed toward the door he first came through. “So if you have what you say you have, I will make you rich. If you don’t, I’ll make you into shoes.” When he reaches the door, he raises his hand and snaps his fingers. Instantly the red lasers of the snipers disappear as well as Moriarty through the door.
When he’s satisfied, John finally removes himself giving a final lick to the pale neck before speaking. “Hmmm…and what
“John?” His name is said in such a breathy whisper that it sparks a hot desire in his gut. He tries to ignore it, just looking at the teenager to see what he needs. His dazzling blue eyes are downcast like he feels shy, even though he’s speaking to someone he’s known more than half his life. He moves his head, so he speaks away from the Alpha’s and the whole thing is so cutely submissive that it’s digging John deeper into arousal. “Can…I sit in your lap?”
“Oh, my baby prince I forgive you, you were just too excited.” John eases his cock up against the Omega’s entrance, positioning himself once again, the tip easily sliding in and making him groan. Below him Sherlock purrs at the sensation and it’s like all is forgotten as John seats himself again fully into his warm body. He peppers kisses across the Omega’s back, soothing him and letting Sherlock’s body relax, letting him come back from the small punishment.
“Alpha?” Iris says, his voice breathy as he tries to look back at John. Sherlock watches the teen sniff at the air, attracted to the Alpha’s pine scent, the comfort that it provides, the possibility of the pain being taken away that it signals. The detective is sad seeing Iris lost to his Omega, the whole thing reminding him of himself when
He makes sure to hang his coat before he goes into the pool area. If he’s pushed in the coat would get weighed down in the water and potentially be the death of him. He moves in through the door to the pool area, silent in his steps though he lets the door close loudly anyways. Sherlock knows the bomber will be here, in fact he’s counting on it. He holds his hands behind him, thumb drive in hand, he twirls in nervously. He’s meeting Moriarty, the only one who could have truly set this all up and the name the curator had told Lestrade and himself was the mastermind behind getting the forged painting authenticated.
The Alpha’s never been able to do something like this, pushing and pulling his knot from his mate, as least not for very long. Usually the urge to lock in too strong, but he’s already filled Sherlock to the brim,  which lets him enjoy the slower unrushed moment. The sinful vision of knotting his mate repeatedly, while fingering Iris, makes his knot swell and he has to back off, his cock red and angry to fulfill its purpose once again. Maybe his mate will let him tie him up sometime and he’ll get to do this again. He leaves his knot out for a bit so it goes down before resting it once again inside Sherlock while he finishes the prep work.
“You’re Grace, please contain yourself.” He says quietly through gritted teeth, his body and mind warring against each other as his mind says to behave and his body says to take what’s
“God, yeah. Mad about it. It’s all he ever did in his spare time.” Her voice gets emotional. Iris’s eyes are jumping wildly around the room and John busies himself bu looking at the guy's books. “He was a nice guy, Alex. I liked him.” John turns back to the telescope, it feels important for some reason, maybe because it takes up such a large amount of room in a tiny space. “He was never much of a one for hoovering.” She tries to smile and John gives her a sad smile in return.
“Yeah. Sure.” John says staring blankly ahead, still contemplating life and all its meaning. The Alpha starts to get up as Sherlock continues the pacing back and forth he had started earlier, but stops when he sees a sniper's red dot on his chest once again. “Oh.”
The Alpha’s hairs stand up on the back of his neck, a sense of danger looming. He’s barely able to thank the doctor before he’s rushing downstairs to tell Sherlock, but bumps into Iris along the way. He stops not wanting to run the little Omega over and that’s when he notices it. Iris never smelled pregnant these past few days, he just smells like flowers.
The Alpha clears his throat, attempting to maybe get the focus off the device but doesn’t bother to see the results instead turning back to the tv to see Kenny Prince. The Beta is standing in the window with the annoying furless cat that John had been so sure was the murder weapon. John notices that Kenny’s face doesn’t seem upset. He wonders if knowing that Raoul had slain his sister made him no longer care about the man, or if he had never truly cared for either of them. As he watches the even worse thought occurs that perhaps he had wanted his sister dead and manipulated Raoul into doing it for him, leaving him free from any blame.
Sherlock stays on the stage, lit periodically by the flashing light of the projector. “Who are you working for this time, Dzundza?” He shouts, hoping to lure in the hired killer. In the background he can hear the audio from the projector, talking about the collapsing of a supernova star. It’s so loud that he doesn’t realize that the large and lumbering Golem has snuck up behind him until a large hand clamps around his mouth, covering a huge portion of his face. The detective tries to yank on the hand as another one clamps around his neck, fingertips digging harshly into his sensitive scent gland.
to touch him, but I didn’t have permission. I apologized to him because I still did more than I should have. I should have left the flat.” John chastises himself.
pretty pup. Fill him up like I’m going to do to you again soon.” John says and Sherlock’s eyes sparkle with delight. “Going to have you both so full, you’ll be giving me pups. Beautiful pups, smart pups.” John snaps his hips forward, knot pulsating at the thought of getting both Omega’s pregnant in the same night. He knows it’s a long shot but fuck does his Alpha crave it.
to try and trap you, he — sob — he was trying to get you to mate Iris.” Sherlock once again tries to push on John, clearly trying to get the Alpha away from where Iris is up in the bedroom, afraid that John’s Alpha will come out and try to get to the young Omega. “You need to leave, we can’t let you smell him anymore, I need to get stuff to break the heat, I didn’t get
John smooths his hands over the boy’s body again, comforting the newly deflowered Omega, keeping him calm since their first mating isn’t quite over yet. He can tell it works when Sherlock is purring away happily in his ear. John runs his fingers over the Omega’s no longer flat stomach, feeling a small bulge of his seed filling the teen. He hugs the Prince in close, licking at the mating mark, enjoying their new slowly combining scents.
“Moriarty — sob — Moriarty laid a TRAP!” John’s blood runs cold and then hot as his Alpha’s anger rages in his chest at the name of that monster.
? We’re one up on him!” Sherlock says it enthusiastically and it makes sense in John’s mind that Sherlock would be trying to think ahead and outsmart the bomber. But the way he says it still makes John grit his teeth before letting Sherlock pass into Lestrade’s office. John pauses and grabs a paper cup of water from the water cooler. His emotions are all over the place, he wants to be happy one minute and angry the next, and it’s getting harder to control with these cases. You would think he would be getting used to it now, it’s just the way Sherlock makes him feel, but it’s so much worse because he won’t open up right now, right when they were getting somewhere.
“You’re so warm Love. Feels amazing.” John says, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck and licking at his scent gland, getting a rush from the way the Omega clenches around him each time he runs his tongue over it.
“You’re brother’s texting me now.” He announces to Sherlock, who’s shuffling papers with a scowl on his face. John’s not that surprised the Beta, Omega maybe…still working on that one, has gotten his number.
Iris the serum, the one — sniff — he told us about. The one that makes an Omega’s body go into its first heat. He gave it to my Iris while we were at the pool. He dosed
“Your father is going to kill me when he finds out we made his first grandchild on his war chair.” John says it off handedly, not really trying to get any sort of reaction out of the Prince, so he doesn’t expect it when Sherlock moans and clenches down around him. “Bloody Hell.” Is all he gets out as he pulls the tiny body on him as close as he can, unexpectedly coming for a second time, nowhere near a full orgasm but enough that the Alpha is panting in surprise. His knot stays wonderfully plugged in wet heat and he leans his forehead into Sherlock’s spine, trying to control himself against the overwhelming urge to immediately begin rutting into the teen.
He has to stop looking, he needs a moment before his usual second orgasm but his mate surprises him by letting go of one of Iris’s cheeks. He snakes his hand down and between their bellies. John isn’t paying much attention, getting his breath back, that is until he feels Sherlock’s hand rubbing against his tip through Iris’s stomach.
“Right.” John pays for the cab as Sherlock finds a way in. A moment later they’re bursting through the doors of a room they can hear audio playing in. The Alpha has his pistol out already and Sherlock shouts into the room. A large shadow can be seen along the back but they are blinded by a light in their faces coming from a projector, which flashes and goes black a second later.
“Since the start. You don’t think I’d give up on a case like this just to spite my brother, do you?” Sherlock gives a half smile and turns walking away.
John waits a moment, he knows he could catch the detective if he wanted to normally, but right now he’s fully erect, bulge tight against the front of his trousers and that is going to make it a little more difficult to run. He takes some calming breathes and rearranges himself so he doesn’t chaff off his dick in the next few minutes. He sniffs the air, picking up on the smell of Sherlock’s scent and takes off after the detective, on the hunt for his soon to be mate.
“YES, so many pups. Please…please breed me, fill me so full I can’t even remember my name.” Sherlock takes his hand off the table and shoves it behind himself, grabbing John’s hair and tugging him down to drape the Alpha across his body. John still has his clothes on, and Sherlock feels a loss at not getting to feel the Alpha’s bare skin but at the same time the power imbalance arouses him further. He bares his neck to the side, exposing his scent gland, submitting to the Alpha and giving him the permission to bond with him.
John watches on as Sherlock explains it all to the inspector, about how the houseboy has been ordering extra Botox for months, getting enough together so he could give Connie a fatal dose. Lestrade directs them to his office but John stops him.
“Alright Baby, it’s okay. We’re going to have you feeling all better.” John focuses back to the task at hand. Normally, he would have killed to have both the Omegas, but with the pup in such a bad state and without his full permission it feels a little off. But if he knows Iris, the Omega will be perfectly okay with what’s about to happen because he knows they did it to take care of him.
Sherlock and Lestrade share a look and Iris does his best to delete the sound of the women’s cry from his head. He wishes he could do it as well as his father seems to. Instead the voice is muffled in his head, like he’s standing outside of a car and she is inside, but the windows are up so he can’t make out exactly what she’s saying. He shakes his head and goes back to the fan sight where a new person has responded to his questions.
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“AH! YES!” Sherlock wails. His curls bouncing as he’s jostled, the smack of skin obscene and wonderful, exactly what the Omega wants.
“JOHN STOP!” Sherlock’s voice is panic stricken and the Alpha pauses because he can see that the detective has tears in his eyes. Sherlock gets right up to him and starts to attempt to push him back down the stairs, hands on his chest trying to turn him around. “You NEED to leave, turn around, you NEED to go, PLEASE!” Sherlock isn’t strong enough to push John around and the Alpha stands firm though confused.
In my head, Iris never even looks at another suitor, he's too wrapped up in Sherlock and John to ever even think to leave. He loves them both, feels cared for by them, and he even begins his own career in forensics, working with Lestrade in order to stay and help them. They become the perfect crime fighting trio and when Iris is in his early twenties, after he's been through college and working, he sits John and Sherlock down and asks to be their mate, officially. Since their first time, they have been regularly having sex together, sometimes just the mates and other times all three, but John and Iris haven't ever been alone, like a silent agreement that because they weren't mated they weren't to be without Sherlock. John and Sherlock both agree immediately that Iris is welcome to be their official mate and they are thrilled that he has finally chosen what he wants. John mates him during his next heat and they form their little pack.
Alpha.”  Sherlock says breathlessly, his breathing already picking up at John’s words. Anticipating the next mating.
Everyone settles down again, but now that Sherlock’s had a taste of the outside world with Lestrade’s appearance he starts up a new experiment and checks his website for potential new cases. Iris puts on some loose clothes and flits through the local paper for his dad, periodically shouting out a case that he thinks might be interesting. Everything feels right as they fall into their usual habits.
John doesn’t remember falling asleep, but waking up warm and surrounded by Omega scent is the best. The only thing better would be to have the Omegas here as well.
Once they get back to the flat, Sherlock becomes a flurry of movement as he lays out new information, gathers old data and sequesters himself away in the kitchen, closing off the stained glass doors which separate the sitting room. John paces a little but eventually has to sit and rest. He fears for the women on the phone but the only sleep he’s gotten since he woke up in the middle of the night to Iris crying, was the nap after breeding at the clinic. A virgin knotting takes considerable time to release and he’d been able to catch a strange sort of relaxed not quiet sleep as he snuggled up against Jeremy. Of course what happened right after probably negated all those good feelings. Hands separating him from Jeremy, John’s fist on fire after colliding with someone’s face. The screams of the Omega begging for his Alpha, ringing loudly in his ears.
“Oh. C’mere.” He pulls Iris in for a big hug, wrapping one arm around his back and bringing the other up to tousle his messy curls. The Omega is stiff at first, not used to having any real contact with Lestrade, but he quickly melts and wraps his arms around his waist, hugging him back. His leather scent is nice, familiar but not even close to overpowering like John’s. “Good lad. You are smart, just like your father and without his bull headedness to boot. Whatever you decide, I’ll stand behind you alright.” He kisses the top of Iris’s head.
“Did you now? Well, your grace, I’m all yours.” John shoves in a little deeper, rocking his hips back and forth, getting the Omega’s virgin walls to slowly open themselves to his intrusion. With each inch he gains his cock becomes coated in slick, letting him slide in deeper, until his hips meet against that pretty little pale ass.
Sherlock hopes John doesn’t draw the same conclusions as he has. That whoever this bomber is, he knows about Iris and knows what they’ve done together and he’s willing to use that, in some, way against them. For the first time since this has all started, he’s scared.
John admired the Omega; he was going to be a strong leader and whoever got to have him as their mate would have a real challenge on their hands. The Alpha that tried to bed that fiery spirit would have to earn the full trust and confidence of that brilliant mind. John doubted a suitor would be found that Sherlock would agree to for some time and even as he looks over toward the beautiful boy his own Alpha inside is thrilled that the Omega would continue to be unbound. He harbored a small but growing infatuation for the youth, he was certainly more interesting than any Omega John had come across and perhaps it is that very reason that Sherlock’s father wanted him on the council, knew anything else would be a waste of the Omega’s bright mind.
Iris blinks his eyes open, confused and feeling hotter than he’s ever felt in his life. He groans and feels various things happening around his body, but he’s too exhausted to move. Once he focuses his eyes he attempts to look around just to find his dad’s face right there staring back at him.
At that, Sherlock bears down on him and John can feel him pulsing in his hand which he keeps gliding along his shaft. John’s chases his own orgasm quickly, driving a few times into his mate, picturing Iris sucking off his father.
want to hear it again. You think it’s cool to hate on things and people that are different from you, but it’s not. It’s really not. It’s
“Thank you.” John says, hugging the teen tight before patting him on the side, to scooch off him. They separate for the night, John leaving his barely touched beer and heading to bed, feeling only slightly guilty that he let Iris scent him, but he lets it slide, knowing they were just comforting each other.
Once John is satisfied that Iris is clean he draws back to see his work. The little Omega’s backside is looking similar to how the Alpha left his neck, little red spots from where he nipped just a bit showing up and looking pretty on pale skin. John checks the Omega’s rim again but he’s not yet ready. The Alpha however feels like he needs to bury himself in something. His cock has been aching, jumping, and leaking this entire time and it’s driving him mad. He looks down and a grin spreads on his face as he sees his mate’s used hole right there for the taking. John sits fully on the bed and tucks his own legs under the Omega’s, so his pelvis is just the right height for his plan.
Iris rubs his head into John’s chest then decides to crawl fully into the Alpha’s lap, pushing himself up so he can rub his face into his neck. He does it all slowly, letting John just lay there, exhausted. The Omega continues pushing the bounds, getting his neck right up against John’s to scent him slowly. It’s not sexual, just like the scenting they did in the bed. It’s comforting and gentle, John lets Iris’s scent wash over him and he can feel the stiffness he had ease out of him. At the same time, Iris’s muscles relax as tension bleeds out of the teen. Stress that John hadn’t realized the Omega had until he goes slack in his arms as they bask for a while in each other's warmth.
The news man continues on saying that the explosion was just a gas leak and that the utilities company has a spokesman out to talk about it. Of course, they all know that it’s a cover up by the police department and that it was really the bomber. He almost wonders at how many times in the past a bomb has been played off as a gas explosion.
going back there even if he desperately needed more, no chance. His thoughts wonder into darker avenues as he realizes he could always take his gun to himself like he originally thought. ‘Sherlock would find that too boring though, should at least make it interesting.’ He tells himself as he scrambles the eggs. He could try to make it look like a staged suicide so Sherlock would have to figure out that it was just John all along. Probably find that boring too. Need to find something good that would keep the detective occupied for a while. Maybe rent a hot air balloon and hang himself from it before crashing it into Buckingham Palace, make it seem like a political statement about military veterans.
Iris is left alone. His dad is still in the room but with him lost in his mind palace he decides to head for a shower and to bed for the night.
Sherlock answers it on speakerphone, letting everyone in the room hear as he holds it out. “The painting is a fake.” He pauses for a moment. “It’s a fake. That’s why Woodbridge and Cairns were killed.” The line stays almost silent, a small amount of breathing can be heard. It makes everyone in the room shift on their feet, uncomfortable. “Oh, come on. Proving it’s just a detail. The painting is a fake. I’ve solved it. I’ve figured it out. It’s a fake! That’s the answer. That’s why they were killed.” When no answer continues to come, the detective takes a deep calming breath. “Okay, I’ll prove it. Give me time. Will you give me time?” He pleads into the phone.
“Shhhh, Love. You’re doing great, just a bit more.” He soothes Sherlock with kisses on his face and he’s stuck between his own pleasure of velvet heat and the pain his knot puts his almost mate in. It doesn’t take much longer for his knot to finally reach its limit and he reflexively pushes deeper and comes, release numbing his body, as he pumps his seed deep into Sherlock’s womb, flooding him in spurts as he shudders and moans out in ecstasy. Through his own stomach pushed tight against Sherlock, he can feel as the Omega’s body start to swell, the start of a nice bump which causes him to twitch inside and fill him with a little extra cum.
As predicted, none of the Alphas notice the fresh pheromones but John watches as Sherlock’s eyes become hooded and filled with lust. Sitting closest the Omega got the full force of John’s scent and like many times in the past, he was drawn to it. Sherlock had amazing control around Alphas, seemed to dislike all of them, especially those who showed off during jousting tournaments and tried dancing with him during balls. But it was different with John, the Omega would follow him and ask for additional lessons or simply to eat by his side. When his heats came, Sherlock had always clung to and begged the Alpha to mate him, never asking for another, always whimpering John’s name whist the man himself stood guard outside the door.
Hey everyone, thanks for continuing onto the next chapter, I've had to break The Blind Banker into two parts in order to keep the chapters roughly the same length, so this is part 1. As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
Instead, John begins grinding the base of his knot into Iris on each thrust, swiveling his hips side to side before thrusting once again. He repeats and motion, watching as each time Iris’s rim stretches a little more, swallowing him little by little. This is always his favorite part, watching himself take an Omega’s rim to it’s limit, knowing that once he slips in for the final time there is no way to get back out. Iris’s rim is getting red and looking abused like his father’s and John rumbles appreciating the erotic sight.
By the time his brain comes back, Iris is relaxed against Sherlock purring, his dad nuzzling at him, the two exchanging little kisses.
fine. You’re overthinking everything.” Iris steps up, crowding into John’s space, reminding the Alpha that the teen is already as tall as him. John doesn’t back up, the instinct to stand his ground always there, but he does freeze unsure what Iris is doing. The teen moves slow, tilting his head making sure they don’t touch at all, barely an inch between their chests as he leans in to press a light kiss to John’s cheek. “Go you bed John. We’ll talk about it soon.” The Omega pulls back, smiling before turning and leaving down the stairs, barely making a sound.
Sherlock looks onto the second deck of the pool, but sees no one else around. “Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present.” He sticks his hand into the air with the thumb drive, showing it off to the cameras he knows must be hidden. “Oh, that’s what it’s all been for, hasn’t it? All your little puzzles; making me dance – all to distract me from
Sherlock stares at the painting, looking at every detail from the brush strokes to the specific colors used. He turns back to his phone searching. “It’s a fake. It
you were focused on the case for me so — I don’t mind.” Sherlock purrs and nuzzles his nose into John’s scent gland, leaving small kisses on his skin. He won’t let John’s amazing control over himself get in the way of making him
While he writes down everything, John finds that he’s very intrigued by Mycroft’s office. It looks exactly like he would expect of the man, but the smell is what is throwing him off. It smells clean, like the clinics, scent neutralizing chemicals were clearly used but it also smelled faintly of scent blockers, like the ones used on A Study in Pink, but not the cheap ones that people buy at the store just too lightly mask it. No this is something completely different, something that is stronger and clearly being used to hide, not just mask. The slight smell of rosemary hits his nose when Mycroft suddenly has pain in his jaw, the root canal Sherlock had been talking about clearly evident, showing how correct the detective was in his deduction.
“Love. Ah. Love please.” John pleads a bit, not worried that Sherlock will see him as less Alpha if he does so.
Lestrade looks between them. “Seven?! Wait and three more?!” He looks a little concerned as he side eyes John, who just shrugs.
“He’s been in the river a long while. The water’s destroyed most of the data.” Sherlock says louder prompting everyone to look at him. “But I’ll tell you one thing: that lost Vermeer painting’s a fake.” He confidently smiles at his deduction.
“You’ll be so pretty sitting there, imagine yourself pregnant with my pups, sitting stuffed full of my knot, the
he’s not the boy’s father!” Iris giggles from the side, clearly being entertained more by his own father’s antics than the show itself.
As the laughing slows down, John rumbles deep in his chest and rubs his scent gland onto Sherlock, starting everything back up after they’d gotten off topic. He pulls back and smirks down at the man under him.
.” John’s scent has wafted on the breeze and he can see in his peripheral vision that others are bowing their heads in response. Except for one whom he assumes is Lestrade, which starts walking over toward him quickly. “We’re all here to do a job, to help people. Not to have a pissing contest about who solves the crimes or how. Got it?” He asks.
Finally outside the cab and wandering into a strange back alley, Sherlock looks to the sky. “Beautiful, isn’t it?” He remarks.
.” The detective under him is shaking and shivering, mewling as his hole tightens rhythmically on John’s length, his body desperate to finish them body. It’s only a few more strokes of John’s hand and Sherlock’s body goes ridged as he finally comes, his small Omega cock pulsing in John’s palm, coating him in hot clear liquid.
They’re lucky the door to the bedroom is open, which John quickly remedies once they’re inside, kicking it shut behind him. He walks over to the bed and tips Sherlock backward, letting the two of them fall sideways into the nest. John gets on his knees caging in the slender Omega underneath him. Sherlock lifts his head with a whine, greedy to capture John’s lips and the Alpha obliges, kissing him roughly, forcing his head back down into the blankets. They both moan as they pick up where they left off in the alleyway, lips locked and tongues twirling together in ravenous passion, this time horizontally. Everything better now that they have the comfortable nest below them, smelling of home and soon to be their combined mating. A scent that will share together for the rest of their lives.
John runs into the semi-darkness, believing the chase is still on, only to almost barrel directly into Sherlock. He stops just in time, chest to chest with the detective, who looks down, a smirk on his face. The Omega wraps his arms around John’s broad shoulders and bends that slightest bit down to give him a full hug. John stays still, only both of their labored breathing can be felt for a moment, before the Alpha wraps his arms around Sherlock’s tiny waist, pulling him as close as he can. Neither of them hesitate once they’re enveloped in each other, both tilting their heads to the side to scent each other roughly, naturally coming together as Alpha and Omega. Their scents swirl around them in the small space as they get more bold, their hands grasping and kneading at flesh still covered by clothing. John growls out a pleased noise, his Alpha having already been breaking out during the run, the chase making him feel
“It’s all over the place. Haven’t you seen the posters? Dutch Old Master, supposed to have been destroyed centuries ago; now it’s turned up. Worth thirty
“Nnnnn — no. So close.” Sherlock pants out with little upset noises, his pretty pink cock bouncing and throbbing on his belly so much that John thinks he might just come untouched.
“We’d been sharing about a year. Just sharing.” She says standing to the side to let the two of them have a look around. John is never sure what exactly he’s looking for but he has Iris, so hopefully they’ll make good progress. He notices a large object covered by a sheet and looks to the Beta.
The pup whines at the loss but groans prettily in embarrassment when he’s gaping open, greedy hole on full display for the Alpha. His hole tries to clench shut but John just forces it open wider, prompting Iris to shove his head into his father’s neck. If he can’t hide his hole he’ll at least hide his face.
Sherlock whines at the loss, but surprises John when he uses his legs to pull himself up and impale himself back onto the Alpha’s cock. John is the one to moan this time, the unexpected move turning him on as his Alpha revels in the desperation of the Omega to be stuffed full of
They manage to flag down a cab and Sherlock directs it to a drop zone, where one of his informants has dropped off the data he needed to finish the case. Beside him, John sits looking out the window dejectedly. His lips are in a frown and his scent is tinged with a hint of burnt wood. Sherlock isn’t usually one to overthink things, he gathers answers quickly and makes decisions within seconds. But this case feels targeted directly at them. It mirrors in a strange way the relationship the three of them have found themselves in, but at the same time is slightly different.  John finds them both attractive and wants to court them, while Raoul was clearly in this for the money. The houseboy doesn’t like Kenny all that much, tolerating him as a way to get into his pockets. Sadly, Connie had to die because of greed.
“Iris gave me back my comforter. I leant it to him. Didn’t have time to wash it. Bit too tired, really.” To be honest, he had intended to shower this morning, but Iris told him to not overthink and he spent so much time this morning overthinking his own potential death that he wanted to keep the scent as long as possible.
“Iris told me that he was making his nest and got overwhelmed by my heat scent and you watching him make the nest.” Sherlock starts.
“Are you okay, John?” Iris asks, concerned. He can see that Iris is lightly sniffing the room, trying not to be obvious about it, and the Alpha has to admit that even he can smell his own anxious scent in the air. It’s likely making Iris anxious as well, a heavy reminder that his scent affects them just as much as they affect him.
John takes another nap and is back up again when he hears Sherlock shouting at the television. He begins typing up the Chinese acrobat case on his laptop while the detective watches some crap reality show. The sitting room is cold tonight, so they’re in their jackets. Iris curled up in John’s usual chair, watching along with a cup of steaming tea.
over, too. We’ve heard nothing from the bomber.” John is hopeful, yet it hasn’t really been that long. The bomber has to know they’re running on very little sleep at this point.
Seated at breakfast, he and Iris order food while Sherlock doesn’t even pay attention to the nice Beta girl who takes their order. John orders him tea, hoping he’ll at least drink it with some cream. They had all been silent up until now, but Iris decides it’s been enough and announces that he’s going to change his major at University. He wants to major now in Forensic science and pursue a similar detective path of his father, though he feels the formal education could allow him more wiggle room than Sherlock usually gets with the police. His statements are met with enthusiasm from both his father and John, causing the younger Omega to stare at his lap shyly.
When the detective puts down the phone, he shakes his head, signaling that he got no answer to his question. They all look back to the television, to see the last bits of the lady and her show, before the news pops up talking about the sudden death of the TV personality.
rather the point.” He smiles as he reaches the other side of the deep end, water no longer between them. Sherlock looks over to John as the red dot quivers.
“I was. But I like what dad does, the science part, not so much the chasing criminals part.” He smiles. “I think working with the police as perhaps an official member that can also be creative like dad, could be good. Or maybe I’ll stick with dad, who knows.”
“Surprised you haven’t had enough, I thought filling two Omega’s this full would put you out of commission. Guess I was wrong.” Sherlock giggles as John keeps slipping in and out, the wet squish and pop of his knot sounding hilarious right now.
“And a Happy New Year!” Lestrade says, but after everyone looks at him weirdly they fall under a strange silence.
, not when he’s made up his mind. Not when he realized how much he needed John, in that moment where the Alpha tried to sacrifice himself by grabbing Moriarty. He had already know before, when John had shot the cabbie but hadn’t been confident enough to act. He’s acting now, he isn’t going to let this man go, he’s going to make sure of that.
John drowns out everything regarding Sherlock for the next few hours. After finishing the papers he gets a small bit of breakfast. Iris follows him around the flat like a lost puppy, clearly wanting to comfort him, but not sure how or what he’s allowed. The teen eats toast with John, cleans up the table from the spilled tea and helps him organize the fridge, which has turned into a wreck over the last few days. It’s busy work but it helps the Alpha, giving him something to do instead of sit here uselessly.
good for me. Going to be good to you.” Sherlock’s body gushes out more delicious slick when John pulls out and the slide is just that much easier, letting the Alpha know his Omega is indeed fully ready for him. John sets a brutal pace then, no longer holding his Alpha back as he growls. “
John feels some pride as he walks out of the stuffy plain brown office, he’s learning to observe more and it feels good.
John gives him another squeeze, trying to reassure the young Prince that he’ll be fine, he will protect him if anything were to happen. The kid for his part breathes out a long breath and leans closer to the Alpha’s space. John knows he shouldn’t do it, but he leans over anyway taking in more of that fresh scent and whispers. “Your grace, are you alright?”
The detective smirks. “Yes, I know.” Sherlock had thought of it, it was exciting at first knowing that the puzzles were for him, but now he worries that the bomber is going to target John and possibly even Iris as well. If they know him well enough that they can see his boredom, then clearly they know that John and he are…well something and potentially they may have found out about his relationship with Iris. It makes his blood run cold to think that his pup could be taken away from him because of what they’re doing and what they’ve already done. That the knowledge could be used against him in this cat and mouse game. But he keeps quiet about his worry. The first mystery had nothing to do with either of the two  besides the boy being a similar age to Iris and second only had the weakest link of ‘the two faced god’, which he had internally for a moment thought of John in that context before getting back to the case.
“JOHN! JOOOHNN” Sherlock shrieks, his voice scared like John’s never heard before. The Alpha’s blood runs cold as he takes off running to his room, Alpha instincts driving him to protect his distressed mate. He doesn’t know what he’ll find but it doesn’t matter, he needs to be there.
“How quaint.” The detective says and this time Iris looks up to look at John, analyzing him with the same look that Sherlock often turns on him, when he needs more information.
“You need to relax Love, no need to be tense.” John says, continuing to lightly kiss and nuzzle into the Omega’s neck. He doesn’t move his hips, doesn’t dare to push further into the heat he’s craving. Just stays as still as possible, feeling Sherlock’s heart beat through their chests pressed together tight, his own heart beat echoing back. John can feel when Sherlock makes the conscious decision to breathe out a long sigh, relaxing his muscles and causing the Alpha to accidentally slide in further with a low groan.
“Taking his time this time.” Sherlock says, staring intently at the pink phone. John looks to the detective first and then to Iris. The teen is also staring at the phone, almost as if mesmerized by the little piece of technology in it’s feminine and unassuming form. John thinks of it like a black hole that has caught Sherlock, drawing him into the unknown darkness that wants only to consume him.
They find the professor dead near the projector’s control board. Too late to stop her murder, they call Lestrade to have a unit sent out to recover her body. They wait and plan their next move and a few hours later with the Alpha inspector in tow, they arrive at the gallery where the painting is being held. The curator is there already letting them into the room where it’s on display, she’s a stuck up looking Beta who looks at them with a sneer on her face as if someone smeared shit right under her nose.
“Dad. Can I lay on you? I don’t want to let go.” Iris pleads, sounding a little scared, his mask of calm slipping.
Sherlock doesn’t even register the words, only feels the flames lick up his spine when John’s cock presses in forcefully, ramming into him, filling him full with each powerful stroke. It’s pure ecstasy as he feels his Omega dance in satisfaction as it gets what it always wanted. A strong confident Alpha fucking into him with abandon, his body used for pleasure, his Alpha giving that same pleasure back to him tenfold.
“I…thought it would help you sleep.” Iris finally looks up and he has a small glint of mischief in his eyes. John almost misses it before the Omega’s eyes have moved away as he turns around to leave.
Heyo everyone and welcome back! I hope everyone's doing well and that you are all keeping safe during these troubling times. I have had some big roller coaster rides over the past few weeks, so thank you everyone for being patient and waiting for this new chapter. I will say that this chapter has not been beta read, I suspect that my beta reader isn't doing as well as I am so I am giving her a break but that meant that I had to edit this chapter multiple times until I was finally happy with it. There is some dialogue I'm not fully satisfied with toward the end, but I don't want to hold it any longer.
He longs to see what John looks like in this moment and attempts to lift his head, but he barely gets it off the bed when John decides to stop licking and instead start sucking the sensitive head of his cock. The Omega hears the obscene wet noise of John’s mouth as it works the tip, pressure from all sides slamming down, his concentration narrowed to that one piece of contact between them. He longs to have more of that sinful mouth on his flesh and he lifts his head again, this time managing to open his eyes to the sight of the Alpha staring up him with a heated gleam in his eyes. He can feel John’s fingers sliding in and out of him, the sensation making him burn higher as he’s pleasured from both sides.
They both let a moment pass waiting for something to go south, but then Sherlock is dropping the weapon and rushing to John tugging at the zipper to the vest he is wearing. “Are you all right?” Sherlock yells.
“Ohhh. What an interesting reaction.” Jim’s voice is high again, faking his enthusiasm, or maybe not. “Oh, Johnny boy didn’t tell you Sherlock, but he had a bit of a run in with one of these Omegas at the clinic. He didn’t take it too well.” Moriarty pouts but then roughly grabs a hold of the collar and spins it around, showing a deep bite mark in the leather. John faces away from them both, head hung in shame. Sherlock’s mouth feels dry, the leather collar must be the same from the clinic, otherwise Jim wouldn’t have placed it around John’s throat. The bite would have been a bonding bite had the collar not been in the way, it crushes his heart to know that John had tried to mate someone else. But at the same time, he had clearly been manipulated into the situation by Moriarty.
“Are you going to be a good boy now, my grace?” The Omega nods his head frantically. It’s a beautiful site to John, his young fertile Omega laying there on the table, overwhelmed and already looking debauched, with just the little he’d done to him. Slick once again coating his thighs, John’s handprint is now bright red on the Prince’s ass, matching the scratches down his back. He knows he didn’t hit him with his full strength, not really wanting to hurt his soon to be bond mate, but just enough to sting.
The question is so strange that John almost laughs, forgetting his surroundings completely, but he somehow manages to hold his tongue. Barely nodding to the Omega, he receives a small half hidden smile and Sherlock slowly gets up from his seat and shuffles over to John, before lightly perching himself on the Alpha’s lap, the curve of his ass settling right against the Minister’s groin. John shivers at the contact as he feels the warmth of the smaller body press up against him. The change in scent is noticeable as the Omega relaxes, tipping his body back to rest it against John as if the Alpha was his own personal high-backed chair, and what John wouldn’t give to be the only thing Sherlock ever sits on again.
“I’m – I’m serious, Sherlock. Listen. I’m cutting you slack here; I’m trusting you.” He looks earnest. “But out there somewhere, some poor bastard’s covered in Semtex and is just waiting for you to solve the puzzle. So just tell me. What are we dealing with?” Sherlock notes how the last of Lestrade’s brown hair has finally gone grey, despite them being roughly the same age, just a few years difference. The caring and worry for people shortening the Alpha’s own life.
, isn’t it?” John knows its inappropriate but he loves when Sherlock gets aggressive with people, it makes his blood run faster. The lady just rolls her eyes and turns to Lestrade.
“It’s okay Baby, I’m right here.” John says lightly making Sherlock’s heart melt at the pet name John calls his pup. The Omega likes that John calls them different things. The way that he called him Love had comforted him and he’s sure Iris will feel the same.
John can tell he slipped up thinking about what happened at the clinic because Iris comes over to him concerned. The young Omega had been in the kitchen reviewing information right beside Sherlock and John had smiled as he watched them and left them to their devices earlier. The Alpha is sure now that the two have at least talked, that Sherlock followed what he said and is now only angry with him, having forgave Iris. Not that he should be forgiving anyone for anything.
John wordlessly agrees, smoothing his fingers along Sherlock’s shaft and applying pressure at just the right time near the base to make the Omega’s hips push up into his hand. He gathers the little spurts of precum as the Sherlock starts leaking again, his insides quivering around the Alpha’s hard cock which plugs him full. John fingers work over his sensitive length, bringing him closer to the edge with each stroke.
Alpha.” Sherlock sobs into John’s ear and John loses himself to the pleasure. He thrusts harder against that sweet slick hole.
“For you to admit that a little knowledge of the solar system and you’d have cleared up the fake painting a lot quicker.” Iris looks round at John, with an ‘oh shit’ kind of look on his face.
to help my pup.” Sherlock’s voice is desperate, the love for Iris outweighing anything else. It makes John’s Alpha calm in his chest to see how much his mate cares for the teen, how anyone could say this man has no heart, is beyond him.
, yes.” Sherlock gasps out, begging just that little bit that has the John’s Alpha howling in delight. He’s never seen the detective beg before, but after this he’s going to get him to do it every time.
“No, shut up. Don’t say anything. It only works if I figure it out.” He turns back to the painting.  John can’t take it and turns around, walking away from the painting. Lestrade watches him go, but doesn’t say anything. They’re both completely useless right now. They’re supposed to be protectors, they’re Alphas but there is nothing they can do.
Iris’s body doesn’t give him much longer and John can smell flowers as a fresh wave of slick leaks down onto the bed. He immediately gets back to work, scooping up the liquid and digging his fingers back into the young Omega, stretching his rim out little by little, as he massages his insides. This time, the Alpha avoids touching his prostate, not wanting to overstimulate him. Since he had the orgasm, Iris isn’t jumping around but laying still as if he’s melted into the bed, relaxed before the heat comes back fully.
Heyo! I hope everyone is staying safe in light of the COVID-19 outbreak. To entertain you if only for a little while, please enjoy the next chapter as we continue on with The Great Game.
They sit for a while, neither saying anything just being together for a moment. Iris curls up next to him and pushes himself up under John’s arm, his head resting on the Alpha’s chest as he slumps back onto the couch.
From behind John takes his chance, he grabs Moriarty but it’s hard to get his arm around in a choke hold due to the explosives on his chest. “Sherlock run!” The Alpha yells, but Sherlock merely backs up a few paces, putting a bit more room between them, pistol still trained on Moriarty.
“Unmarried and living together. She had enough money they could have lived separately.” Sherlock is leading John again, giving him clues to let him travel down the path that will lead to the answer. John would never get there on his own but he has been amazing at following if told the right information.
John opens the coat and that’s when the whole situation flips upside down. Strapped to John is a vest with multiple explosive components, just like the hostages from all the bomber’s tests. Additionally, he can see an Omega’s leather mating collar which is clasped around his neck, which is confusing as that hadn’t been part of the other tests. Sherlock feels both relief and the worst fear of his life as he deduces that John isn’t Moriarty but he
Sherlock pulls his head out of the pillow when John lays back in the middle of the bed. He latches onto the Alpha, throwing both an arm and a leg over him.
When the Alpha gets back to the flat, he’s happy to see that Mrs. Hudson is bringing up a few small sandwiches and tea. Iris grabs one smiling before Sherlock slams his hands down on both sides of his microscope, sending Mrs. Hudson scurrying from the room. John frowns at that, he hadn’t even gotten to say hello. He was really starting to like the elderly Omega, they would watch the television sometimes when the scent of the flat got to be too overwhelming, or one of Sherlock’s experiments became too much for John to stand.
Why aren't you finishing up the Moriarty timeline? He's still out there plotting against our three favorite boys.
John nods. “It’s why you see a lot of families with female Omegas and male Betas. They were likely supposed to be Omegas but didn’t fall into the range. My own sister is the reason why I was born. Once they found out mom could produce Alphas they tried to have as many as they could before she died. Sadly they only got me.” Iris and Sherlock watch him, unsure of what he’s getting at. “Sherlock, you should tell your brother that he needs to be more careful about losing his cool around Alphas.” John raises an eyebrow. Both Omega’s eyes go wide.
He disguised himself as a reporter for a paper and got an interview with Kenny Prince, the Beta brother of dead women, Connie. He used his Alpha voice a little, putting in the dominance that others often like to follow. It got him in.
John eyes her but knows she’s harmless, so he sits back as he once again is useless toward the case. Bored after barely a moment of listening to Lestrade and hoping to escape the leather smell he watches Sherlock through the glass wall of the office. His back is turned but he can see him talking on the phone. Something about the way Sherlock is standing has the hairs on his neck raising. He leaves the room and listens to the detective’s conversation.
“Not any more. So: dead two days. According to one of her staff, Raoul de Santos, she cut her hand on a rusty nail in the garden. Nasty wound. Tetanus bacteria enters the bloodstream… good night Vienna.”
“Good night.” John says, getting up. Sherlock doesn’t acknowledge him, but Iris does in a small voice, as if he’s afraid that he shouldn’t be speaking with the Alpha. It pains John to see him look so put out, as if he’s being monitored for any bad behavior and he could be punished again for stepping out of line. But he’s not Iris’s dad and Sherlock hasn’t talked to him yet, so with a small reassuring smile, he leaves to his room.
“Alright, on your side, careful now.” John says as he picks up Iris and they all maneuver themselves so that John is spooning Iris while he waits for the knot to release. He buries has face into Iris’s neck, smelling fresh flowers and listening as the two Omega’s continue kissing.
“WHAT IN THE BLOODY HELL IS GOING ON!” The other Alpha yells, his eyes bugged out as he looks over the mostly naked party, the smell of mating and sex hasn’t left the apartment and anyone who’s not a Beta will know exactly what’s happened.
“You were attempting to court me.” Sherlock breathes in a big calming breath, filling his nose with the Alpha’s forest scent. The very fragrance that’s been taunting him finally his to fully enjoy for the moment.
“Hey. Wait…Iris.” The Omega freezes for a moment before turning back around slowly, suddenly shy like he thought that would be the end of it all. “Have you talked to your dad? Are you both okay…I mean with each other…that is.” John feels strange asking, but he can’t let it go. Needs to know that the Omegas are fine.
“Alpha, please.” Iris’s voice comes out and it doesn’t sound like his Omega, even if the words seem like it would be. “I want more. Give me more.” He pleads and John isn’t one to deny the Omega’s anything. He grinds faster and harder, as Sherlock puts more pressure onto his tip, rubbing over Iris’s belly.
?” John puts his hands on the top of his chair, gripping the fabric hard. He doesn’t try to hide his anger in this moment, his face trying to turn into a snarl, which he forces into a grimace.
John pulls back and uses his other arm to slide over the flat expanse of the Omega’s belly. It won’t be too long before he’s swollen with seed. He pushes down lightly and can feel his tip through the Omega’s skin, which swells with the additional pressure. He takes it back off, not wanting to accidentally come before he’s knotted him and uses that hand to wrap around Sherlock’s cock instead.
“YES. YES. YES!” Iris shouts, muffled into Sherlock’s shoulder that his face’s still buried into, but John can still hear him. It spurs him on, making him piston his hips into the teen, going a little rougher than he had with mating Sherlock because his own mate is staring him down and giving him bedroom eyes that demand he don’t hold back. His knot starts to grow with that look and he growls in a bit of frustration that he’s not going to get to go as slow as he wanted because his own mate is more of a temptress than he thought.
Iris sits back in John’s chair, getting back to the gossip website.  He feels really happy with his decision to switch careers. He will still always love engineering and it could even come in handy one day for a case. Who knows?
that he knew him. The bomber’s iPhone was in stationery from the Czech Republic. First hostage from Cornwall; the second from London; the third from Yorkshire, judging by her accent. What’s he doing? Working his way round the world? Showing off? ” Sherlock runs his hands through his hair.
I would like to thank my lovely new beta, who I have been working with to make this story the best we can make it. Thank you Bubblegum_taffy! <3
“Love, Love, relax. What’s going on?” He questions, the need to calm his mate taking priority. He reaches out and pulls Sherlock in to scent him, but the Omega is squirming around and still trying to push against him. John just nuzzles his face into Sherlock’s neck, and that’s when he smells it. Flowers? Virgin? He pulls back for a moment and looks at the terror on his mate’s face.
The two Omega’s don’t notice as he sits between their legs and admires the view before running his hands up Iris’s alabaster thighs. They’re covered in slick and with the prep time he still needs for Iris, he has the perfect opportunity to taste. John sinks three fingers back into the teen and hears their kiss break for a moment as he cries out. He goes back to stretching him, moving his fingers in and out of his rim, while he lowers his face to a thigh. He takes a whiff of slick before running his tongue along the pale smooth flesh. The little Omega squirms more and John takes his knee in his hand, steadying his leg as he sucks at the skin, working his way up.
Hey everyone, thanks for continuing onto the next chapter and for waiting so long. I've had to break The Blind Banker into three parts in order to keep the chapters roughly the same length, and even so I ended up with an extra 5K words in this one but I felt like it needed it. As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
“You seem more pleased than I thought you would be.” John comments, then thinks himself stupid for it. He shouldn’t bring up Sherlock’s previous jealously issues after fucking his son.
Food arrives and scarfing it down would be the most satisfying thing about this day, if not for the few sips of tea he sees Sherlock manage to drink. Iris is off to the side, daintily eating his own breakfast of French toast, syrup dripping off each piece. He almost wants to ask if Iris would be content with just drinking the syrup, there’s so much of it.
“That was perfect. We should definitely do those things you were talking about in the future.” The Omega says, his eyes drooping from how tired he is. John holds onto his new mate, pulling him in close. It’s probably the strangest day he will ever have in his life, but he can’t think of a time he was ever happier.
“John, this is doctor Evans.” The familiar voice of the Beta doctor is a surprise to John, he expected one of the desk clerks.
John’s hands roam down Sherlock’s chest to his stomach, pulling his fancy dress shirt out of his trousers to find the heated skin below. He rubs over the smooth skin of his soon to be Omega’s abdomen, feelings how flat it is before he fills him. He knows there will be no pup from a mating run bond, but his Alpha still goes crazy with the idea that Sherlock
. Dad and you will be fine, he wants to talk to you about all of it, he’s just distracted with these cases right now.
“Don’t be silly. Someone else is holding the rifle. I don’t like getting my hands dirty.” Moriarty hasn’t removed his hands from his pockets and it sets Sherlock on edge. “I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock, just a teensy glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world. I’m a specialist, you see...” Moriarty’s face changes through multiple expressions in an instant before it lands on something like surprise, his eyes wide as he stares at Sherlock. “Like you!”
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone.
John stares at Sherlock, really tries to see him in this moment as his thoughts that the detective was actually trying to subtly help people in his own way, that he cared for them in some capacity are shattered. He sniffs, and looks over to Iris, who has come out of his blanket hiding spot and is looking down at his hands. He walks over to the couch as Sherlock continues to type on his phone, clearly not finding what he’s looking for quickly. John puts his hand lightly on the side of Iris’s head and bends down, giving him a small peck on the top of his head. “I’m sorry.” He says lightly before passing the teen by and sitting in front of the newspapers on the coffee table, opening one up before turning a few pages, letting out a sigh as he does.
When the call comes through from Lestrade that a body has been found around the area that Sherlock asked about, they head out there. By now, Iris had dressed in a pair of jeans and a jacket. John isn’t as surprised this time when he’s in the middle of the taxi cab with the two Holmes’s, as this is likely to become a regular occurrence now that Iris has decided to quit this semester of University.
Stomping on the stairs alerts the three that they have a visitor and while Iris and Sherlock don’t react, John does, sitting up suddenly to confront the intruder into his territory, his teeth already bared and scent beginning to spread. When he sees the face of a shocked Detective inspector Lestrade, he backs down, comfortable with Sherlock’s chosen Alpha friend.
would have asked me for, if I had had the answer back then.” Now the detective is really confused, he’s never wanted a crime to be committed for himself.
“Well good news, you don’t have to court me anymore, you already succeeded. You gave me food, protected me from bad guys, and did all the things I asked of you.” The detective lays everything out, like this was a case. “I never thought I would say this before I met you, but I accept your courting, I want to be
His bed feels too large and lonely when he finally lays down. There’s only a sheet left on his bed, as he had left his comforter with Iris after they washed it all. He’s mildly cold without it, but going downstairs to ask for it feels weird. He rolls around in the bed, trying to get more comfortable, but despite how tired he is, he suddenly feels restless. Replaying everything that’s happened in the last 24 hours, questioning if this is the start of the end of his relationship with the Omegas.
This chapter is not beta read due to my beta reader being busy and me not wanting to hold the chapter back any longer. That does mean that the chapter might change a bit as I find more edits, though the main content should remain the same overall.
Sherlock slowly pulls the phone away from his face, staring dead ahead, the dial tone can be heard in the room. Both Alpha’s look away, knowing that it had all gone wrong. Despite how the Omega could almost always hide his feelings, never letting them show with his scent, it was too abrupt and his scent sours , rotting grass instead of lush meadow. John isn’t sure if he wants to know why Sherlock is upset, still mad at the detective for leaving the women stranded for hours, even if he might have had a good reason to do so.
With the King and first-born gone to war, power over the Kingdom has fallen to John’s hands as well as the young second born son, Sherlock who sits silently at his side in John’s normal position beside the King. Despite being an Omega, who would normally never be let into a war room, the teenager is intelligent and has picked up on all topics he will need for when he becomes Chief minister to his older brother. The King was determined that Sherlock would stay in his lands, not allowing his son to be bartered off as a mate for land or political reasons. John had been overseeing the young one’s training, bringing him to every meeting, teaching him everything he could for a few years now.
“You said I needed to break the virgin scent or you would accidentally mate him. You told me that right after our first case.” Sherlock says staring right back at the Alpha, looking into deep blue eyes to find out why John would have said it was the only way.
“Sherlock. You’ve been cross with me for days, we’re just affected by the run. We’ve almost triggered a mating run by accident.” Sherlock this time is the one to smirk and John looks on confused.
“I can prep him in a different way that will help, it shouldn’t be any worse than yours.” John puts his hand on Sherlock’s face, rubbing his thumb tenderly across his mate’s cheekbone. He stares into his light eyes with as much love as possible. “I’m sorry I hurt you. If I had known about you I could have done the same thing, but at least I can do it for
As always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the various behaviors portrayed in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. Please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors and I will change them.
The mysterious bomber continues and Sherlock discovers that it is Moriarty who is pulling the strings.
Sherlock smiles. “Iris never learned to hate Alpha’s like I did. I tried to teach him with Lestrade that not all Alpha’s were bad. I didn’t want him influenced by my experience and so he’s willing to be open and spend time with you. I however kept to myself and hid my feelings from you because I thought you would just hurt me. I was honestly persuaded to share a flat with you because of how much your scent affected me the moment you walk into the lab. I thought I would study it, but I didn’t know Iris was an Omega and that almost made me change my mind.” John looks up concerned. “It was only after you proved yourself, shooting the cabbie for me, that I knew something else was there, but I still hid from you. Iris was open to you and because of that you turned toward him even as you wanted to pursue me. I don’t blame you for that.”
For anyone who wonders why I was gone for so long, please look back at the previous chapter and notice that it has over 2k new words and has been heavily edited to be better than when I originally posted it. I've learned from this past year of writing that putting chapters out each month is just too stressful and I feel like I was putting out chapters too fast. The last chapter felt rushed and a few people commented about it, so I took another look and added on because I agreed with them. That is why I took some extra time to feel better about this final chapter. In the future I'll be putting out full stories, so if you don't see anything from me for awhile, check my twitter to make sure I haven't died.
He looks his new mate in those beautiful blue eyes. “I am sworn to protect you my Prince. I will never let anyone hurt you. You are my Omega. My mate. My soul.”
“My little Omega, your hole fits me so perfectly.” He growls into Sherlock’s ear. “Can you feel how we’re meant to be together, how you’re meant to be under me like this, pleasing
“First test passed, it would seem. Here’s the second.” Sherlock holds out the phone face up and the two Alphas stand up to look down on the new photo. This time instead of a fireplace it’s a car with a clearly identifiable license plate number. “It’s abandoned, wouldn’t you say?”
“Only good?” Sherlock questions, watching John’s reaction. The Alpha smirks darkly and Sherlock leaks a bit of his own slick as a reaction.
John he yanks his eyes away from Sherlock to watch the final strokes, to watch the final moments before he knots Iris’s and takes his virginity away for good. He thrusts hard and the baby Omega whines and clenches.
“Connie and Kenny. Siblings, together…like....” Sherlock raises his eyebrow, knowing that John is implying that they were like him and his son. Together, even though they shouldn’t have been.
try to convince you but ...” He scoffs to himself. “everything I have to say has already crossed your mind!”
“Alpha’s here Baby, you’re doing so well, so good for me.” John doesn’t want to go too hard too fast but with the positive feedback he pulls his fingers out and shoves three back in, rubbing Iris’s insides with vigor. He quickly locates the teen’s prostate and circles around it, occasionally rubbing over the nub but not yet giving it his full attention. He needs to press against Iris’s walls, get them to open up, to lightly break so that it doesn’t hurt as much when John knots his virginity away.
Sherlock is caught between the desire to get John to grind against him, to give him the friction against his bulge he wants even though they’re still clothed, or to wiggle his ass down into the bed, to get pressure against his clenching hole. He grumbles a little frustrated, hands kneading at the Alpha’s broad shoulders. When John wraps his whole mouth around his scent gland, teeth applying pressure without the warning lick, Sherlock’s body decides for him, his hips bucking up as he clutches desperately to John. But the Alpha’s hips are too high up and Sherlock lets out a needy whine when he gets no pleasure for his movements, his body trembling with want, his Omega’s yearning for the Alpha pushing him to submit in any way possible to get the Alpha to mate him.
“Can I have your scarf?” John feels bad asking but the smells are getting to him, his overly sensitive Alpha nose hindering him.
, to let anyone who might see know that the Omega has been claimed thoroughly, but the smell of Sherlock’s slick is drawing him further down, pushing his Alpha to come out faster. To move
much, you have no idea.” Sherlock gives him a kiss on the nose and then one on his sweaty forehead, before hugging him toward him. Iris gives a little chuckle. “What’s so funny?”
“That’s good – that’s a good deduction, yeah.” That strange sarcastic smile is still on John’s face as he points at Sherlock and licks his lips.
“Don’t hide. You’re very pretty.” John grins a little wickedly, enjoying the virgin like behavior that Iris doesn’t even know he’s showing. It’s cute and the Alpha hopes he stays like this, wouldn’t mind switching between the two personalities of Iris and Sherlock sometimes.
The confession takes very little prompting once they get him seated on the couch. Though he says it was just an accident, which at first John doesn’t believe until he describes how he had stolen the memory stick with the missile plans while his future brother in law was drunk. But it had backfired because Westie had confronted him and when the Beta had pushed him, he had fallen down the stairs, breaking his neck on the way down. He sounds sad as he says it all, claiming it was a spur of the moment decision to put Westie’s body on the train.
He’s not there long before Sherlock has moved on from the car and is over to the wife of the potential victim. He’s initially confused by the detective’s sudden lying but then guesses quickly that she’s a suspect, so he acts casual as Sherlock fake cries about how he was a friend of the missing man. The conversation is less than a few sentences and yet the detective walks away with his signature coat twirling flair, clearly happy with the outcome.
“So wait, if you knew this whole time that I was telling the truth. Then, why did you let me leave that night? Why did you let me think you were mad at me?” John gets a little angry, backing up from Sherlock, tugging on the knot as he sits up. “I — I left and got called to the clinic and — bloody Christ, I almost mated someone because I was so upset with how you were treating Iris and I felt useless. If — if you had told me I might not have accepted — I might not have tried to feel helpful somewhere else…” John’s face is cold.
Sherlock looks back around the corner and takes off, John following. They rush down the corridor getting to the end, but as they turn the corner they both witness the Golem getting into a black vehicle which speeds away.
The Alpha tucks his arms under Sherlock’s back, grabbing him by the shoulders to steady him, giving him the perfect grip to shove into the Omega. He’s been day dreaming about how Sherlock would feel wrapped about his shaft, how his tight velvet walls would grip and ripple with pleasure. It’s even better than he imagined as he thrusts in again, harder this time causing Sherlock to moan shamelessly beneath him, no sign of the earlier pain, his body fully taking the Alpha’s oversized cock. The time to go slow is over now, Sherlock’s fully stretched and John can’t hold back any longer.
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you? Joining the...dots.” The old woman’s voice is harsh and frightened. She sobs as she tries to get out the words. “Three hours: boom...boom.” Her sobbing gets louder before the phone cuts out.
“But we must assume that some poor bugger’s primed to explode, yeah?” Lestrade says, letting Iris go. John turns toward the body, his instincts had been a little concerned with another Alpha touching the teen, but Lestrade was acting normal as there’s nothing strange about giving someone you know a little hug. John likes the other Alpha, his own Alpha hums a little, content to know that his Omega’s are protected by another. Well, not his, but the Omega’s are cared for, if he has to leave.
“Is there anything you can do so that the knotting doesn’t hurt as much? I can’t imagine it being more painful than what just happened to me.” Sherlock clenches his own hole reflectively and can feel the residual burn from their mating.
That is until later that evening when John receives a call. He recognizes the number as the breeding clinic. He considers not answering it, but then decides against it as he hadn’t given them an official no to his future services and he could get it out of the way now, or schedule a time to come down and fill out the paperwork.
” He feels the Prince’s insides quiver around him, the walls trying to milk him as he stays seated inside. “You’re so warm around my cock, so perfect I could keep you like this forever, plugged full of my cock in every meeting, keeping you on display for all the other Alphas to look at. Would you like that pretty Omega, would you like to sit on my knot all day?” He grips Sherlock’s hips and pulls out before ramming back in once.
Sherlock kisses his pup’s face, placing little pecks on his forehead and over his high cheek bones. Iris is gripping onto him hard, mewling as he shakes and shudders in both their steady hands. He didn’t mean to, but at some point Sherlock had grown hard as he stroked his little one’s cock. The combination of pleasuring his son and his mate’s heavy scent in the air too much for his body. He aches to touch himself but knows he doesn’t need it, he’s had his fun for the night. All his focus needs to stay on Iris.
Sherlock’s and Iris have stopped kissing, the two Omega’s gripping onto each other now, both panting and moaning as their Alpha pleasures them. John determines Iris is ready when the resistance on his four fingers no longer feel like it’s cutting off his circulation. He pulls out of Sherlock, dripping in his mates slick and positions himself at the teen’s pink entrance. He does that same thing to Iris as he had to Sherlock, smoothing his tip along the rim. His swollen head slips inside easier than it did for Sherlock, the extra prep and the better position already helping. He slides in a few inches, his thicker shaft stretching the pup’s rim wider than his fingers. Iris’s back arches instinct to present himself to the Alpha clearly more prominent than in his father. John pulls out, but rewards this behavior by grasping both cheeks and massaging them with his large hands, digging fingers into soft flesh. He pulls them apart and watches as Iris’s rim gapes a little and a trail of slick dribbles down onto Sherlock below.
“Nice touch, this: the pool where little Carl died. I stopped him.” Sherlock is only a few feet away now from John. The Alpha pauses for a moment, composing himself. “I can stop John Watson too.” John looks down at the red dot. “Stop his heart.” John licks his lips, then swallows.
“Oh. Hmm, that.” Jim gets closer to Sherlock turning his back on John and taking the thumb drive between two fingers. Sherlock tries to get a whiff of Moriarty’s scent, but there’s nothing there. But it’s not like a Beta, Betas still have scent, just mild. No this is different, it’s not a masked scent it’s a complete absence of any unique smell. “The missile plans!” He kisses the thumb drive, then chucks it to the side into the pool. “Boring!” Sherlock watches for just a moment as the plans sink. “
“Mated Alphas are not as heavily affected by the scents of other Omegas even if the Omega is in a full heat.” Sherlock’s voice is steady. John can feel his mate wipe the tears off his face and onto his shoulder. “The Alpha’s body no longer produces the chemical that makes them susceptible to an Omega’s heat unless it’s their own mate because they are no longer searching for a bond.” John smiles into Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezes him in the hug.
“Yes. You realize we’ve hardly stopped for breath since this thing started?” Surprised the bomber let us sleep to be honest.” Iris nods his head.
“D’you mind if I get that?” Moriarty says it like a normal guy, as if they’re all just out to lunch and he thinks they might find it rude of him to answer his phone.
Sherlock doesn’t last long, John’s knot grinding against his prostate and the added hand on his cock have him shooting cum across the floor, his orgasm so hard some of it lands on the tabletop. The velvet walls crash down to ring the Alpha dry, spilling his third load of seed once again into Sherlock’s womb, swelling his belly further and making the Alpha howl in pleasure.
Sherlock watches John as gets his breath back, just for it all to get knocked from his lungs at the sight of the naked Alpha in front of him. John has always kept himself covered under trousers and simple sweaters, hiding the powerful body that now stands before him. Alpha’s stay naturally sculped their whole lives, their nature being that of the protector and provider, their bodies perfectly crafted to do those jobs well. The Omega stares, drinking in the details of John’s abs and then blinks rapidly when he witnesses the Alpha’s engorged cock for the first time. Sherlock lays his head back on the bed in a small panic, suddenly not sure if this is the best idea, he’s not a virgin but he’s also never had something that big either.
John doesn’t move for a while, panting into Iris’s back, gasping for breath. He regrets looking away from Sherlock because when he locks eyes with him, Omega’s bedroom eyes haven’t faded, if anything they’re so incredibly intense he wishes he could jump back on his mate and make those eye close again in extasy.
?” John puts his head back, laying it on the back of the couch, staring at the ceiling. He can partially see the map and pictures on the wall from the cases, the most recent of which hit way too close to home. Sherlock hadn’t said it, but John knew that the Prince case was too familiar to what they had going on here and the bomber was using that to his twisted advantage.
“Tisk, tisk. My baby boy is so messy, look at how much you leaked all over me.” John’s cock throbs, bouncing ever so slightly.
“Seems like I’m not doing a good enough job then.” The Alpha says before drawing back and slamming into the young Omega. It jostles both the Omega’s on the bed and Iris squeals, his rim tightening around John causing the Alpha to growl as his starts thrusting faster into the tightness, seeking his own desires that he’s been denying himself.
In the cab Sherlock gets text after text from Iris and John does his best to add what he saw. He knows it’s probably not as important as what Iris is saying, but he tries, talking about the message left for the dead man on the land line.
As they have a stare down, once again both judging and silently posturing toward one another a song begins to play, echoing off the walls. Sherlock breaks eye contact first, likely not the best thing to do when a killer is staring you down but he can’t help but look around in confusion. At first he thinks that it must be one of the snipers because the song playing is ‘Staying Alive’ and that seems rather fitting. But when he looks back at Moriarty the man has an exasperated look on his face, like he can’t believe their dramatic showdown has been interrupted.
“You ready baby Prince, going to make you all mine.” He twists his hips on each thrust, his knot starting to breach the rim before pulling away again. “Going to fill you full of my pups.” He growls when his knot slips halfway in, knowing it won’t be much longer. The Omega’s body opening wider each time he grinds against him. It drives him wild, causing him to finally release the hold he had on the teen’s hands, grabbing instead both ass cheeks and pulling them open. He watches as the thickest point of his knot gets closer and closer to slipping in, stretching the boy’s rim to its limit.
“Good Samaritan.” Sherlock says over his shoulder, just turning enough to acknowledge that Lestrade is close to him. Then tries to walk forward again. Up close he can smell Lestrade’s annoyed smell, the natural leather smelling burnt almost. He’s never been tempted by the Alpha’s scent, the man is merely a colleague, but the annoyed smell does get to him sometimes, making him want to run away, still skittish around Alphas after all these years. Even this one that he really does trust with his life.
, and mate win him over and he knows he’ll have another time to worship him later, when the Omega is his, when the bite upon his neck tells everyone he’s claimed.
knot you’ll ever need.” He repeats his motion, another single thrust, back into the wet heat, Sherlock’s body pumping out more slick which coats John and runs down onto his balls. “I’m going to have you so full of my cum you’ll still be leaking in a week. Can’t wait to see you filled, you’re going to give me pretty pups, smart pups just like you.”
“Oh, you meant the other thing?” John says, pulling almost all the way out, keeping just his tip inside so he’s lined up. He’s not going to give it to him just yet, his Alpha side is enjoying the teasing a little too much.
fertile and could someday give him a child if they wanted. At least this time, he’ll get to see and feel how swollen with seed he can make the Omega, which is more than enough to have him aching in his trousers. He pulls up a bit, nipping at Sherlock’s plush cupid’s bow, turning the flesh a deeper shade of red from the abuse. John doesn’t want to stop kissing but there are too many clothes in their way, he’s already heating up in the light sweater he has on over his own dress shirt.
John sits up and lightly picks up the deflowered pup, moving him to the side of the bed, tucking him in with the comforter. Sherlock is on him before he can practically turn around, sitting in the Alpha’s lap and kissing him fervently.
“Doing so well baby boy.” Sherlock barely registers the words but feels them in the rumble of the chest that’s pinning him down against the table. He whines in response and tilts his hips up, letting the Alpha slide just that bit more, thick cock dragging against his walls and causing arousal to sizzle down his spine.  “Yessss…present to
They’re all silent in the kitchen for a while, each in their own thoughts until John yawns, reminding everyone that it’s late, the sun having set even before John got home. Iris follows with his own yawn.
“Patience.” He hears from behind him and a moment later he feels something warm dragging up his inner thigh. He wants to look back to see what it is, but when he hears a slurping sound and feels John latch his lips onto that same thigh he doesn’t need to see, knows exactly what the Alpha is doing. His small cock bounces spurting more precum as John begins sucking deep bruises, licking up slick along the way, cleaning the wet skin. Sherlock’s legs shake with each new mark John leaves his body clenching again as his heat reminds him of how empty he is. But John just continues slowly teasing his way up toward the true prize, wanting to take apart his Omega at his own pace.
“Alright.” John says cautiously, not sure what to expect. He remembers then that Moriarty had admitted to drugging the poor Omega teen as a trap to make Sherlock mad at him and turn them against each other. Maybe the doctor had figured it out and was reaching out.
“We haven’t talked.” John states, his blue eyes pinching together, smirk fading, the memories of everything thast happened for the past few days coming back to push his Alpha side down. Memories of Sherlock cross with him, Iris upset and anxious, while he himself was confused and uncertain, trying his best to work it all out while also dealing with Moriarty’s sick games.
“I see. No, I don’t. What am I seeing?” John barely looks over at Donovan talking to an officer as they walk past. But she notices him and turns around.
John stops and turns around eyeing her smiling widely, like she’s won something. The disgusting smirk telling him that she thinks herself superior to himself and Sherlock, as if her being ‘normal’ makes her a better person. He squares his jaw and sharpens his eyes, his scent spiking before walking back toward her. She’s actually just a bit taller than him as he gets up in her space, but as soon as her and the other officer’s noses pick up his overpowering scent their heads bow to the Alpha.
He and Sherlock are out of the taxi at the same time and walking up to the crime scene which the police have already taped off. Lestrade and his team are always getting there faster with the lights and sirens. John actually wonders why Sherlock hates to take the police cars when it would bring him to the crime scenes much faster. Lestrade is off and talking to Sherlock right as they duck under the tape and for some reason detective Donovan has decided to take an interest in him again, just like the first case. She at least waits until Sherlock is preoccupied with the car before she talks.
make people into heroes, John. Heroes don’t exist, and if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.” The two of them stare at each other for a moment, the air still and constricting in their silence.
be enjoying it to make our bond.” He snakes his hand down Sherlock’s chest to the Omega’s cock. He finds that the discomfort had made him soft, so he gathers the precum he finds and rubs it over the head like before, beginning to coax him back to full hardness.
I hope you all enjoy and as always this is all just fantasy and I don't condone this behavior in real life. Please stay safe out there everyone!
lives...” John roars out. The Alpha has never gotten angry like this, he has always been calm and unassuming in his comfy sweaters, but this time he’s been pushed just that bit too far. His scent spikes in the air, dangerous and threatening enough that Iris sinks back into the couch, hiding beneath the blanket.  “Just – just so I know, do you care about that at
The Alpha grabs a nearby pillow, briefly registering that they never turned the correct way on the bed, before shoving it under Sherlock’s hips for support, lifting him up into a better position. As much as taking him from behind would be easier and definitely more comfortable, he wants their first time to be face to face, as corny as it sounds. He wants to see the satisfaction he gives his new mate, wants to see what he looks like when he’s ramming into him.
“YOU BASTARD!” He goes to lunge for John and the Alpha quickly pushes Iris out of the way, but he doesn’t feel the collide of the Alpha that he was expecting. He looks up ready to fight, fists held up to protect his face, only to see Sherlock holding Lestrade back, full on bear hugging him. The Alpha is stronger but it gives John a moment to back up and talk.
“Why are you doing this?” Sherlock says into the phone. Both Iris and John stare intently, wishing they could hear the person on the other end.
“Yours…yours….t-take me. Mate me…Knot me…” With each pound of John’s cock, the Omega’s own erection leaks precum down onto the floor, dribbling out as it bounces around untouched. Sherlock’s not sure he wants it touched, the overwhelming sensations of John inside him already sending him to heaven, unsure where he would end up if the Alpha did more.
“Clostridium botulinum!” Sherlock yells. Clearly it’s important but John just stares at him blankly before looking toward Iris, who is completely still with the finger sandwich halfway to his open mouth. He clearly understood what his dad just yelled and is thinking it over in his own head.
“You… you said you’d give me what I want.” He tries to look over at John, but the Alpha uses the hand still buried in brown curls to hold the teens head, pulling it to the side and passing his lips over the scent gland again. He kisses at it before fixing his mouth around it to suck a bruise into the pale flesh, making the first of many marks he will give his new mate tonight.
Sherlock moans underneath him and the Alpha knows he’s got him. He looks quickly to the sleeping Iris who is snuggled up on the other side. He lower’s himself so he can talk right in Sherlock’s ear.
“Uncle Lestrade.” Iris gets up from John’s chair, which he’s been sitting in whenever he gets a chance, if only to soak up a little of the Alpha’s scent.
Sherlock has never taken Iris along on his adventures besides the night out at the Chinese circus. He participated in plenty of research in cases, searching the web and books, helping with experiments on body parts, when he was younger he would have to stay behind the police lines. But now that he’s expressed interest in taking it further, Sherlock decides to take him along today for at least some of the investigation part.
It's wet and hot, Sherlock’s body perfectly prepared. The sensation of it, the pure rush of finally getting to be inside of this man he’s been chasing, is so much that John’s whole body shakes as he controls and tames his needs. His Alpha wants to take and take, but he wants to give and give, the war of his two brains putting him on edge.
be, yeah. Lucky for you, I’ve been more than a little unemployed.” John looks to the small television that is currently off.
He’s not sure how long they sit there but as the meeting appears to be wrapping up, he’s somehow become lax in his grip and allowed the Omega to have free reign again. Sherlock had taken that as permission to try grinding once more. John grabs at those lean hips even tighter this time and rumbles low in his chest, knowing Sherlock will feel it against his back. “Little Prince, if you stay still and be a good boy for me, I’ll give you what you want.” He whispers right next to Sherlock’s ear and punctuates his point by lightly biting on the soft fleshy lobe.
Sherlock’s open mouth pants harder and he tries to speak what he wants from John. But communication isn’t apparently his strong suit while in heat. But John, lovely Alpha John seems to know exactly what to do as he slips his fingers further into his greedy hole while simultaneously bobbing his head down to take his firm cock further. It’s enough to make the Omega’s head spin, until he’s sure he’s about to burst.
Sherlock only lasts a few minutes before John is gripping the young Prince by his hips as he feels the Omega begin to grind down into him, no doubt seeking friction against his leaking hole. Stilling those sinful motions, John loves the feel of the small frame, but must force the thoughts from his head before he’s tempted to take the boy in front of the other Alphas. Trying to claim such a prize would undoubtedly end in bloodshed as the other’s would attempt to fight for their right to mate the Prince instead.
“Knew you’d get there eventually. West wasn’t killed here; that’s why there was so little blood.” His words annoy John a little. It seems that Sherlock has been testing him without his knowledge. He wonders briefly if he’s been doing well.
Hey everyone, thanks for continuing onto the second chapter. I would like everyone to again take a careful look at the tags, specifically the incest (father/son) tag. If you have anything against the tag, it is time to turn back around, I will not be offended in the slightest. My work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the behavior in it in real life, this is all just fantasy. This story has not been beta read, please feel free to point out inaccuracies and spelling errors.
“I was trying to get back into your good graces.” John tilts his head to let the Omega have more access to his neck.
Jim laughs in delight, causing Sherlock’s eyes to widen as the strange and unexpected behavior. “Good!
Sherlock freezes for a moment. “I.” He swallows. “I love you too.” His voice is tiny, but not unsure. The Alpha nuzzles his face against the Omega’s and Sherlock loosens up nuzzling right back.
was and your virginity wasn’t fully broken.” John tries his best not to grin even as his Alpha is thrilled that Sherlock will forever perfectly fit on
John goes up to the painting as the woman just stares at it. The Alpha can’t help but laugh out a relieved breath. “So how could it have been painted in the sixteen…forties?” He smiles at the painting, so happy that the next challenge has been completed successfully. His phone text alert goes off and it’s Mycroft again. His smile fades as he realizes he didn’t make any progress on the other case that Sherlock refuses to work on. If he solves it he wonders if the detective will be impressed with him or mad that he followed his brother’s orders.
“The thought had occurred.” The detective steeples his hands below his nose, a classic thinking pose for him.
John rushes to Sherlock as he yells out for him, only to find his new mate telling him to turn back.
John sits there, watching as the Prince leaks the Alpha’s cum, a pool of it gathering on the floor as the Omega kneels, his small cock soft and pretty between his legs. John’s knot may have gone down enough to unlock them, but his erection still stands proud and hard in front of Sherlock’s face.
“Tell me what?” Sherlock questions, though he relaxes a little as John kisses him, feeling that the Alpha is truly sorry for whatever just happened.
Sherlock and John have their talk, a murderer is on the lose and John learns more about the clinics...
“Ahhh…Alp….” John slams back in, jolting the Omega and making him rock forward on the table. The greedy hole takes him easily, molding itself to fit his cock perfectly. As John sets his rhythm, slamming into the Omega repeatedly, he can’t help growling and snarling, his Alpha thrilled to finally take what’s
“And you’ve stolen another voice, I presume.” John’s blood runs cold. That can only mean that another hostage like the crying women has been taken. Tied up with explosives and forced to talk to them, but where they likely won’t know until Sherlock solves the puzzle.
The Omegas look at each other and then John with confusion on their faces. Sherlock mutes the telly, clearly intrigued by what John is thinking. “Yes. Omegas are likely to give birth to only one type of offspring, predominantly. It’s likely if I were to have another child, if female she would be an Omega like Iris, though if they were male it would be more typical for them to be a Beta, since Omega males are rare. Though I think the rate of a male being an Omega would be — a 34 percent higher chance overall.”
The pink phone rings and Sherlock, ever drawn to its siren call, answers immediately, putting it on speaker phone.
I could make Omegas stop having heats.” He grins like the Cheshire cat. “A one time dose of this and an Omega will never have another heat the rest of their lives. Rendering them as useless to mating as a common Beta. Or in the case of a male Omega like you, completely sterile.”
Hey everyone, thank you all for waiting patiently for the next chapter. I know it's been a month, Bubblegum_taffy and I have been working back and forth on making a good chapter. I'll admit that the reason this chapter took so long is because I had written the first 3000 words and had her edit it. She basically told me politely that it was terrible and I agreed with her, so I had to rewrite it. But it took me about a week to think about how to change it all, but I think you will all agree it's for the better.
When it finally does go down enough, John lifts Sherlock up, hauling the younger up by his hips and keeping him there, letting all his seed spill out of the Omega and down around his lap, coating his cock and balls, before it drips down onto the chair below. It will smell like their mating for weeks, maybe even months. He can see as Sherlock’s hole flutters, trying to grasp around nothing, aching to be filled again even as it gets its first reprieve.
cock. He keeps himself in the air and let’s Sherlock do it again, the Omega letting himself fall down onto the pillow before he tightens his abs and lifts himself back up, once again getting filled and stretched. John doesn’t let him go back down, instead gripping the Omega in one arm, which easily wraps around his thin hips, suspending him in the air keeping him plugged full.
Underneath him, Sherlock is a mess. A light sheen of sweat covers his limbs and he wishes his covers we’re softer, the fabric sticking to him uncomfortably. He’s panting heavily and he can’t remember a time he’s felt this kind of pleasure, his whole body ready for even more as this wonderful Alpha takes care of him. The scent in the room has become a full mixture of his own light meadow grass and John’s dark pine, it’s musky and earthy and he wants to forever be drenched in it.
Sherlock tries to answer, but his own voice cracks and he has to swallow a few times before he can get anything out. “I’m not sure. A bit overwhelmed to be honest.” He admits quietly, the purring stopping as his Omega side leaves and the detective comes back.
John doesn’t let up for a moment, his pace never faltering as he plunges into Sherlock’s wet hole, sliding his cock in and out of his rim, feeling it flutter against his slowly forming knot. It’s heaven. It’s bliss. It’s the intensely satisfying feeling of pleasing his new mate, that he’s in awe off, as he opens his eyes to the sight that is Sherlock Holmes. If he thought Sherlock was beautiful before, he was vastly unprepared for what the detective looks like when he’s being shoved upward with each powerful thrust, as his body swallows John hungerly.
Sherlock is good at ignoring scents which comes in handy as he keeps his face schooled, even as the scent assaults his senses. “Will caring about them help save them?”
When the Prince starts to circle his hips, seeking out the friction his body so desperately needs, John relents, ready to please his Omega, ready to give Sherlock exactly what he’s been begging for from him for years. With one hand reaching up he grabs the teen’s wrists and holds them tight, while he trails his other down to grip tightly as those sinfully tiny hips, caressing a hip bone with his fingers before pulling his cock out halfway.
John nods before manhandling his mate until he can get him on his belly. The Omega presents himself immediately like Iris had done, his abused hole on display, dripping obscenely onto the bed. John wastes no time, he sinks into his new mate and immediately thrusts hard, setting a brutal pace like he used for the pup. It’s going to be quick for Sherlock, the Omega is already on edge.
in terrible danger. Moriarty had tested them both, the cases each having some connection to them. He had been toying with them, striking at the perfect time when their relationship was vulnerable, right after his heat. In fact, Moriarty would have had to have planned this with Sherlock’s heat in mind, as Connie Prince was killed two days before her test was given to them. He must have known that John would do something that would make Sherlock angry, or at least that they would be on edge from it all.
“Yes, I’d agree.” John says looking back. “There’s quite a bit of bruising around the nose and mouth. More bruises here and here.” He says as he moves around the body.
was young. But when he looks over at John he is reassured that this will be nothing like his first time because the Alpha is lightly stroking Iris’s back, soothing him gently, not aggressive or forceful in the slightest. Just the caring doctor John he’s come to trust.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment. I hope you enjoyed. I enjoyed writing it. <3
Jim from the hospital?” Moriarty continues walking once again, the detective following his movement with the pistol, bringing his other hand up to steady the weapon. It’s heavier than he feels like it should be, so unused to carrying a weapon, never usually needing one. The weight of it clearly more suited to John’s Alpha strength.
“You both mean so much to me. I was scared that after all this, I was going to lose you both.” John confesses.
After the crying woman calls telling them where she is, a simple phone call to Lestrade is all that’s needed from them. The three of them sit back, the excitement over with, for now. They can all tell this ordeal is far from finished, but they will have to wait it out. To John’s surprise and delight, Sherlock practically inhales the other sandwiches, which is more than he’s seen him eat in a week. It helps him relax a bit, lets him breathe a little easier knowing that the detective isn’t going to pass out in the middle of the flat from starvation.
“Yes Baby. Fill you up as full as you want. Whenever you want.” John growls and as Iris moans he tips over the edge, a crack of lighting up his spine and John dumps cum into Iris, thick ropes of it pouring from his aching tip, swelling the teen’s normally flat belly even further.
“How’s it feel pup?” Sherlock whispers in his pup’s ear, nibbling on his lobe as he watches John start to thrust again, his mouth open as he begins to pant, drawing more scent into his fogging Alpha brain. He stares at where his cock enters Iris, drawn in by the virgin’s beautiful pink hole that wraps around him.
The pink phone, which has become a constant object in their life, never more than a foot away from the detective, chimes with a message alert. Sherlock had barely taken his eyes off it since he placed it on the table top, his fingers tapping the table, itching to get the next puzzle. He quickly unlocks the phone and a series of pips can be heard, along with a picture of an old blonde woman who is smiling. Sherlock let’s Iris take a look but then flips the phone around to John.
The Alpha groans and Sherlock’s eye light up in mischief, his teasing payback for what John did to him, stopping and starting again during their mating, making him beg and whine. John gets one good thought in about how both Omegas will fit his knot before Sherlock is talking again.
“But — but what about everything that happened with Iris, you can’t just say yes to me without talking about what
“No. I need you two to find out all you can about the gallery attendant. Lestrade will give you the address.” They both nod and the taxi is on it’s way again as John calls Lestrade. As they ride along, Iris takes John’s hand and holds it but doesn’t say anything. John lets him and even tightens the grip.
They continue down the path until they hit the darkness of the arches, a rough part of town if the graffiti on the walls is anything to go by.
“Why isn’t my scent affecting him? Shouldn’t it be driving him crazy?” Iris questions, though his eyes are fluttering and Sherlock can tell the young Omega is starting to be affected by his heat again.
Sherlock responds by shifting up and nipping at John’s lips like the Alpha had done to him, letting him know that the time for being sappy is over, he hasn’t gotten to come yet after being denied twice and he
“I’m not ignoring it. Putting my best man onto it right now.” This draws a bit of confusion from Iris, but John just smiles and folds his arms happy to have made progress. That is until Sherlock informs him that it’s John himself who is going to meet with Mycroft. The smile fades quickly, but soon enough the Alpha is dressing in his old interviewing suit and catching a cab to Mycroft’s office.
“Yeah.” John nods. Knows this is the moment he needs to pay attention to because Sherlock is guiding him toward the answer.
Sherlock moans loudly, the sound vibrating off the stone walls of the war chamber, likely the first time these walls will have been witness to a mating. Once they are finished the room will smell of their coupling for days, the Alphas will come back in the morning and know exactly what they had missed out on.
“We’ll talk, just not now.” Sherlock rolls his hips and John can feel the beginning of the detective’s arousal against his belly, his own which he had been trying to ignore stirs at the sensual motion.
When the Beta comes home, John grabs his pistol, glad he continued to carry it after last night. He has to pull it on the man when he makes a move to throw his bike at John, but immediately submits at the smell of heavy scent and a weapon he knows he can’t escape.
“Why do you smell like — like a virgin Omega in heat? Wait —” John goes rigid, his whole body in shock as he remembers the smell of flowers, the smell Iris was just starting to put off as his body was beginning to present. But he’s still months away from that happening, the smell barely thre, noticeable only when the teen was in a deep state of arousal and false heat.
“Anything on the Carl Powers case?” John asks. He knows Sherlock and Iris have been digging. Even if his doctorly knowledge says Iris
Satisfied with the answer, he turns to Lestrade with a light smile on his face. “Oh, nothing. Just having a small chat with the detective. Ah. Right, I’ll be off. Case to be solved and all that. Yep.” Lestrade gives him an exasperated look that says he’s a little disappointed in John, but completely understands why he did it. John figures he’s had to deal with her for a lot longer, so he knows.
“It’s not what you think. We can explain.” He raises his hands, palms up to not look threatening. Lestrade’s Alpha isn’t something he’s seen and while he could likely come out okay in a fight, he doesn’t want to test it.
“Alpha’s here, Baby boy.” John says as he stops for a second. From his position he can see Sherlock move his arms, no longer wrapping them around Iris but smoothing them down his pup’s body and over John’s hands until they land on his ass. John almost swallows his own tongue when Sherlock grabs a cheek in each hand and spreads them wide, presenting his son to the Alpha.
“Keep him open for me.” He stares up at Sherlock and the Omega nods before pulling more on Iris’s ass cheeks, opening him wider and letting more of John’s knot breech his son.
They lay together, breathing in sync as they wait for the knot to go down. It’s relaxing and perfect, John would dare say he’s never felt more calm in his entire life. Thinking about the three of them one day being a full pack has him smiling. It’s something that never happens anymore, something that so many people would shame them for because monogamy somehow became the normal over the years. But it doesn’t feel shameful to him, it feels like it would be perfect, like they would be great together. They’ll just have to wait a few years for Iris, John wouldn’t mind doing it right now but he still feels like the teen is too young to make that decision, even if he’s way too smart for his age.
in that moment. I thought I knew everything from a single look, but as I tried to tell you that very next day, sometimes you need a second look at the evidence.” Sherlock smiles and John looks at him in awe.
“Mmmm. Feels nice.” Sherlock hums. John kisses him and he can feel the apology from John as he’s gentle with his lips, kissing him slowly with patient passion.
a little strong right now.” He says, blaming the Alpha when he knows the thrill of getting Iris off also contributed. He can smell that he too has been putting off scent and the three are all mixed into the air, smelling like a warm spring day.
“You have one new message.” The automatic voice says before a series of Greenwich pips, almost identical to the first message, except…
“John, hurts….ah…” The Prince’s face is covered in tears when John finally unlatches his jaw from that long pale neck. He had lost himself for a few minutes as his body and mind became overwhelmed in the sensations of his buried cock and blood-filled mouth. He laves his tongue over the bite, sealing it up with his saliva, the motion of it soothing the Omega and making him go boneless.
The Omega’s eyes blink slowly as he becomes lost to the sensation of his ass grinding into John’s chair, which he begins to do more noticeably. For his part, John stays calm and listens to the Alphas arguing for a few more moments, determined to resolve the issue quickly. He reaches over lightly and puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze to get the teenager to look at him. The Omega comes out of his trance like state, stilling his movements completely, his light blue eyes suddenly wide as he takes in the room. He looks over to John, worry painting his angelic face, quickly realizing the situation he’s found himself in. Surrounded by aggressive Alphas, many of which are set in old ways, that Omegas are for breeding, not fit to do anything but be a hole to fit their cocks.
“What are you doing?” He’s startled out of his weird thoughts when the detective himself walks into the room, blue silk robe hung loosely around his thin frame. John frowns at first, the sight of how skinny his Omega is, his Alpha whimpering that he’s not providing for his mate. John shoves the thoughts away as he looks at the big breakfast he’s made for just that reason.
“Run.” John growls out lowly. If Sherlock doesn’t finish the mating run by finding a ‘safe spot’ to mate, he’s not sure he can resist taking him right now where they stand. While he has this moment of clarity he needs to use it, he doesn’t want his future mate to remember their bond happening anywhere but in his own comfortable nest at home.
“Strip for me.” He growls, picking the Prince up under his thighs, and pushing him onto his legs, which wobble, causing the Omega to have to grab onto the table to steady himself. He composes himself well enough and kicks off his shoes before turning around to face John and leaning his lower back against the table. Those hooded blue eyes shoot John a look of pure want as Sherlock slowly opens his trousers and pants, shimmying them down his thin legs, letting them pool on the floor before kicking them away.
you.” Sherlock looks to John but the Alpha just stares at the madman. “Wait.” He tells the other person on the line.
They both slump back down, panting together, both falling into a light doze, their bodies exhausted from the strain. Sherlock purrs as he relaxes back into John’s warm body, the Alpha keeping his arms locked around the teen’s body, possessive and protecting. They wait together for John’s knot to finally release, a first knot for a new bonding lasting longer than any other they will ever share.
“Don’t get me wrong, Iris’s scent still smells amazing, and I can feel a tug on my sanity from it, we’re are still newly mated but we shouldn’t have to worry about my instincts any longer.” John pulls back and stares at his mate’s face. Sherlock’s cheeks are red and his hair is still wild from their mating, he’s the most gorgeous he’s ever been.
Sherlock snaps out of his daze and follows the order, turning around to face the long table, unsure of what to do with himself, he’s never done this before, thought John would already be inside of him by the time the others left. The Alpha clearly has good control, could think through the heat that has Sherlock’s body buzzing, making his mind a mess.
