"'Absolutely no jorts allowed," Tony christens the sign this week, 'no exceptions' scrawled across the bottom.
--------------------------------------
When they amble away, Steve can’t help but laugh.
“Tony, what’s wrong with you.”
"The sign. Outdoors? It still says 'August specials.'"
“I do.”
Tony's head shifted in his lap, and he ran his hand through his hair again, long fingers slipping through the curls.
"Thanks, Pepper," he moaned, grabbing the coffee with steady hands, and breathing in the taste of it, sharp and warm and perfect.
'You're the only thing I think about when I close my eyes.'
He swung his arms out, a wide gesture, and Steve's breath hitched in his throat again. Fuck.
"I love you," he says, and he's smiling, soft and warm and nothing at all like Tony Stark.
“God no,” Steve says, and Tony chews on a smile, worrying at something lovely in the press of the night, “but what are you going to do when you get tired of the tattoo?”
"Tony Stark, I will strangle you with this snake of a faucet."
“I don’t want it.”
And he's still dizzy, all hands and lungs and heaving chest, but Steve can't do anything but smile.
There's a shadow in the park, figures hunkered busy in the belly of summer, and Steve Rogers thinks love is the perfect thing for a Tuesday.
“Nǐ hǎo.”
Tony just laughs.
“Just go pick something out of the book, kid.”
“Nu-uh, it’s my list. Swipe somebody else’s valuable positions.”
does not find that funny.
“Do you see Polaris?”
'I think I'm going mad.'
Steve blinks.
----------------------------------
He sets the money to the side, pools it into a pile on the counter, and when he bends down, he finds a star.
“Are you telling me my tattoos bullshit?” he laughs, dry and desperate, and then he tugs up his shirt, and there, just above his hip, it sits.
Days pass, shuffling into each other, turning like pages, sinking and drifting into the next. Summer steals into spring, burning up moments and dewy wet earth, and settles on a heat that scorches. Cotton presses tight to skin-soaked bodies, clinging to backs in the July heat.
“You can. You can, you have to, because-”
They have oceans of time for yeses and nos. Spill a little sky in his belly, and Steve could turn rivers into mountains.
Sometimes, there is a glimmer in the way Tony will look at him. A twitch in his jaw, a jump in his throat. There is a heart-thump of a moment where Steve begins to wonder, 'maybe, what if, if only.'
So he keeps a list. 101 things that make Tony Stark tick. It fills up the pages of his brain, endless, useless, miles and miles of pointless Tony Stark trivia.
"All your fault Pepper, honestly, look at me. I've got gray hairs. Now what did I do wrong this time?"
“Both of you?” Ashley asks, and Steve shakes his head.
Steve just doesn’t want this to end.
"You can just hand them to me," Steve laughs, reaching his hand out.
The look that flits through Tony's face makes Steve feel sick.
'You're so beautiful I might be losing my mind.'
For a yes, at least.
It isn't.
Time is a game. Time is a game, and Tony’s all out.
"$3.87," he squeaks, reaching forward to take the twenty.
"I know."
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“The first item on my bucket list was to have a conversation with someone in their own language.”
Tony builds him hope out of paper, cuts edges and creases corners, fits and folds and makes.
“Are you fucking deaf? I just said that.”
"You can't fix me," he whispers, broken and shaky, and Steve wants to hit something.
“Steve, I’m sick.”
There is no universe where Tony Stark ends up with Steve Rogers, but there's got to be one where this love doesn’t flicker and fade. Where knocking elbows and creaking vinyl doesn’t end in heartbreak.
"Yeah. Figured we'd go late, catch something to eat beforehand."
“Okay,” Steve says, quiet, “okay.”
Winter's fallen onto the city with a thud, all snow covered building and icy doorsteps, and Tony shakes the snow from his boots as he steps inside. When he reaches the counter, his hand spills into his pocket, shaking out handfuls of tiny paper stars.
He was a spitfire thing, all shaking fingers and blinding smiles. He was brash, and bold, desperate and wanting, so full of this beautiful thing Steve couldn't seem to reach. He was all firecracker heart and nervous hands, and he seemed to shake, vibrate, rattle and roll to fill lonely silence.
"Really," she says, and she's smiling now, for the first time since they started talking, "who is it?"
He had an inky mop of hair, dark and beautiful, that curled and coiled around his temples. His cheeks were pink, wind whipped, and when he looked up from his cell phone, his eyes were the softest kind of blue Steve had ever seen, bright and lovely, and they seemed to catch on him with a hold that felt like friction.
--------------
'It began with him.'
Steve doesn't tell Tony that he's in love with him.
She looks over, polite tug to the lines of her face, and the smile is all margarine and
"Tell me again why the microwave just insulted me?"
He’s a summer kind of thing, burnt at the edges but bright as smoke, the taste of the wind as it leaves you, and he’s smiling, just for Steve.
“Don’t laugh at me.”
He huffs a laugh, and sets down the paper, walking steady towards the sink.
Steve chuckles, and that thing, that oh so mysterious drift of silence between them is broken. Two boys, laughing on the couch, an easy kind of thing between them. These are the moment, Tony thinks, tilting his chin to the ceiling as he laughs and laughs, that make the ache a little quieter.
And Steve knows it's dumb, but hope sat warm in his chest, and now it's cooling, the longer Tony just sits there, drawn and pale and shaken.
Steve starts to snicker, ruffled in the corner under blue washed light.
Stars spill into his shoes, tumbling off counters and out of jars, and Tony's words are playing in his ears, drowning out his own damn heartbeat. He's reaching into bins and tubs with shaking fingers, plucking them out by the fistfuls and unwrapping them with nervous hands. Hundreds and hundreds of thin white lines of chicken scratch stare back at him.
Yeah, fuck that guy.
-----------------------------------
They are almost, nearly, elastic hearts and empty bellies. Full hands and soft hearts, 'love me maybe and kiss me quick'. They are paper strung skies and origami kisses, folded and lovely and new. They are 'wish on me, wish on us, craft me the sky and I'll build you the moon'. They are two boys, thighs pressed tight in the quiet of a coffee shop, wishing for skies they'll never reach.
'Make a wish.'
"Honestly, Steven, this is no laughing matter. Jorts. Jorts!"
Tony Stark builds miracles in his sleep. He lights up cities and his own damn ribcage, casts shadows on reinvention with two fists, shapes cities like he knows he could break them. Builds walls like he's hoping you'll shake them.
“Who says you’re lost?”
Tony smiles, something soft and warm, and then he says, “I was hoping you could tell me.”
him.”  Steve fumbled for a moment before grabbing his dog tags, running his thumb over the St. Monica medal through his t-shirt.
“See?” Natasha whispered, gesturing to Tony with one hand.  “Not dead.”
“Good night, Steve,” Tony answered.  “Thank you for everything today.”  The words hung in the air, and Tony had the feeling he meant something more, even though he couldn’t quite place what it was.
Tony could hear the note of desperation in Steve’s voice, and it seemed hauntingly familiar, although he couldn’t place it.  Tony rolled onto all fours and scrambled at the release to his helmet, yanking it off and gulping in the fresh air greedily.
“It’s not impossible — Tony did it.  Or will do it, at some point,” Steve corrected himself.  “But while I may be lonely, there’s at least a future for me here.  Tony is here.”  Steve paused and put his hand over hers, gently squeezing her fingers.  “You’re here.”
Tony came around the couch and stood just off to the side, not quite in Steve’s line of sight.  “Did you ever turn that radio on again?” he found himself asking before he’d even consciously thought about it.
It felt like all of the air in Steve's body was pulled out at Bucky’s statement, so calm and matter of fact, and Steve came to stand in the doorway, bracing himself against the frame.  “What did you say?”
“I’m back,” Tony called.  “Is Buck up yet?”
“Enzo, my friend!  I don’t need a suit, but I did bring my cousin Tony.”  Bucky had taken the other man’s hand in a handshake before gesturing to Tony, who also shook his hand.  “Enzo Carbonell, meet Tony Stark.”
While he was facing away, Tony started singing quietly to himself, the mournful hymn he had been belting outside.  “O come, o come, Emmanuel,” he began, the pace a dirge, “and ransom captive Israel.”
Steve was leaning against the concrete wall still looking east, when he heard the roof access door open then clatter shut.  The sun was now overhead, well on its way to its zenith.  Tony came to stand next to him, and Steve could sense his hesitancy.
When Tony apologized, that idea came back to Steve.  Maybe instead of fighting Tony every step of the way, Steve could do something even riskier: he could trust Tony with a piece of himself that he didn’t show to everyone.  He could let down his guard a little.  So Steve tried to explain.  He tried to voice the feeling that he was tired, that it was hard to live in a new century where everything was new and unfamiliar.  “You’re not wrong. I do sometimes cut how much I eat.  It’s a habit, I guess. Just — just let it go, okay?  There’s a lot of stuff about this century I haven’t gotten used to — I don’t understand, and I guess I will eventually. I don’t have much of a choice, do I? But I don’t need it pointed out to me all the time.”
"Well,it's just that if you were a woman I'd marry you in a heartbeat. Actually strike that,we would actually be married by now. I mean look at us, you seem to understand me like no-one has ever gotten me before and with our experience with the team we would make the best parents!"
He has hoped to reassure the teenager but if anything it made the situation worse as the younger man blush deepened and he tried to stammer a reply.
“Don’t mind if I do!”
“And who do you sit beside”
“Who knows with Tony,fancy getting some canapés before they are all gone?”
"Jarvis,are there any reminders for today?any invasions or portals over the city I should know about?"
“Anyone Dr Stark?not even Dr Banner when he needs to talk?”
Doom and Justin exchanged confused looks. "But its Tuesday, that's always your date night, did you upset Steve?" Asked Justin.
Tony hadn't spend such a long time apart from Steve since they defrosted him and he didn't like it. He didn't like it at all.
"Maybe ol' Cap has got himself a girlfriend "joked Clint.
Tony was not okay.
In the Uffizi Gallery Steve was lost in all the beautiful artwork and he had to give Jervis credit as a tour of European galleries was what he needed to get his mind off Tony. Or it should have, if he didn't spend all his time thinking about Tony or stopping himself ringing Tony. He sighed sadly and vowed to spend his time in Florence catching up with his artwork and trying to distract himself from thoughts of Tony. He had realised over the last few days that this was the first opportunity since he was unfrozen that he had time to himself and that he enjoyed walking around in anonymity.
Tony elected to ignore the 'I told you so' looks that Doom and Justin shot each other and dragged Rhodey off for a private talk.
“Cinema and then dinner with Steve”
Everything was going well until the day  Steve realised he was in love with Tony Stark.  It was a normal afternoon and they were discussing team training issues when Tony happened to say "It's such a pity you are not a woman"
Bruce pondered this for a second and then asked"Forget about what people are saying, what do you honestly think of Steve?How does he make you feel?"
“Oh on thurs it’s pizzas night then go to a gallery and then ice cream with Steve”
"With due respect Sir that's the excuse they give, they can hardly say they are attracted to his azure eyes or kind smile and want him to stay with them in their fortress "
" Dr Stark"(dick or not at least Von Doom recognised Tony's numberous PHDs) " how good of you to join us, Justin here was just explaining to me about the exciting progress he is making with robatics"
"It might be the smallest bit about Steve"
"No, he turned him down because Mr Rumlow was rude to the canteen staff at Shield and Captain Rogers didn't like that"
With that Dooms and Justin's expressions went from confused to pitying and Tony realised he had hit a new low when Justin Hammer pitied him.
"But even by doing the right thing people have been hurt. I have to accept that and it's my burden to face. It's just now I realise that in the last few years I've been happy and that happiness comes from Tony. It's been so long since I've had genuine happiness and love in my life that I couldn't recognise it for what it was. I thought Tony was my friend,maybe my best friend but he's not"
. There was a light at the end of the tunnel for him, a chance to do what he wanted instead of what he was told to do. He hadn’t realized how much the inevitability of marrying Ezekiel had worn him down. Now he was making all these plans, practicing all these things he might need to know in the future, taking down notes in case he forgot and had no one to ask, and he was enjoying it. He… he hadn’t enjoyed something, truly, for a very long time.
“Tony?” someone asked, the single word surprisingly hesitant for all that it was filled with cautious excitement.
“Some might… think I was using them,” Tony explained hesitantly, unable to help wringing his hands under the table.
Jan frowned up at her, pondering what she’d been told, before she straightened her shoulders and nodded. She lifted her hand to dry her eyes one last time, and swore it would be the last time she cried for Tony (at least until he was gone and had no chance of seeing it). She would stand behind his decisions. She’d always been allowed to make her own, after all, so it was only fair to back Tony up.
Tony nodded to himself, gripping his hands into fists as he whispered, “Here we go.”
She blinked at him. “Huh?” She saw him fingering the corner of Steve’s letter and jumped a little in her seat. “Oh! Um. Sure. I’ll just… go… somewhere.”
Tony couldn’t help but think of Jan, and how she was supposed to be at his side as his maid of honor, and of Jarvis and Ana, who he’d always imagined would fill in the empty spaces where his parents should have been. The thought of one day being able to invite them to come celebrate their union was nice, even if he had his doubts that it would ever be safe to invite all of them.
“I knew I’d never be able to do it, but of course I was as brash as I always am,” she continued. “And I so wanted a raise. And lo! A foreigner walked into the shop! I thought, here’s my chance—a sucker.”
Victor von Doom was, perhaps, the snobbiest omega on the east coast. Of course, he was also the richest omega on the east coast, and most alphas were willing to look the other way when he committed a faux pas just to be on the receiving end of some of his fortune. If the Van Dynes were considered Old Money, Victor von Doom was considered Oldest Money; his father was higher up in social circles (some people even whispered about Victor being the heir to the Latverian throne) and had sent him to America to find a suitable alpha to wed to open up commerce for his company.
“You only hate it because there’s so many people there that you
Tony set his lap-desk across his legs, nibbling on a cracker carefully. “Mr. Steve Rogers, as terrifying as your letter was, I find your terms acceptable.” He tilted his head and made a face. “Ugh. Mr. Steve Rogers, your desires for a mate are decently—No. Mr. Steve Rogers, I can’t possibly thank you enough for your candor.” He wrinkled his nose and sighed. No. That didn’t sound right either.
The platform was starting to clear. Tony frowned, twisting the letter he’d written in his hands, suddenly feeling self-conscious for having written it. Maybe he should have focused more on how he was going to find Steve, what he was going to say to him. It felt a little late to be trying to come up with something now. He supposed he couldn’t go wrong with a ‘how do you do’ or ‘pleasure to finally meet you,’ but… Steve was going to be his husband, and those words seemed so trite. Perhaps the right words would hit him like a bolt from the blue as soon as they laid eyes on each other, but he was seriously beginning to doubt that. He hoped that Steve wasn’t too disappointed with how he’d arrived—all of his clothes had been a little rumpled, but this was the nicest one he could find in his carpet bags—
“Fold the dough in half toward your body, give it a quarter turn, then use the heels of your hands to push it back out,” Jarvis explained.
Tony smiled at her. “Oh, I will.”
“So is this alpha going in the ‘no’ pile?” Ana teased, because Tony might have, just possibly, complained about Steve’s poor letter ever since he’d received it. Tony squirmed but couldn’t come up with a snarky reply, which she deserved for her teasing.
Tony flushed immediately at the connotation, and then in embarrassment at how obviously smitten he was. Ana laughed a little, then squealed, startled. Tony and Jan stared at her as she flushed and fled the room before whipping around to look at Jarvis.
Steve swallowed thickly, and Tony waited with bated breath to find out if he was disappointed or not. “You’re so much prettier than I imagined,” he finally breathed.
Vernon hovered in the doorway a little longer before turning and handing the carpet bags to one of the maids to take to a guest room. He knew Tony probably wouldn’t sleep in it, but he’d give him the illusion of privacy, if nothing else.
Tony sucked in a wet breath, feeling hollowed out with relief. He hadn’t realized how much he needed to hear that Steve didn’t care about Obadiah or the threat of him coming to get him. “Steve, I…”
To her credit, Ana took a few minutes to think about it. Finally, she said, “Then he will be a bittersweet memory, still romantic, but with a touch of melancholy. But just because you didn’t end up together, it doesn’t mean that it wasn’t romantic.”
He wanted a marriage like that, he thought, organizing the dried envelopes. He paused, wondering… Could he have a marriage like that? Jarvis and Ana had courted in person, but Ana herself had once said that their courtship had been sped up by impending war. Jarvis had said what Obadiah was doing to him was like a war. Could… could his marriage to Steve become a marriage like Ana and Jarvis’s?
Jan waved Ana and Jarvis away before stepping inside and pulling the door shut behind her. While they could be sympathetic to some of the plights that omegas faced, there were definitely things that betas could not totally understand. They could own property, control their money, and while some alphas thought themselves above them, betas could still retain the same legal standing that alphas did. They could wish that Tony and Jan could have that, but they’d never really understand how it felt, being so powerless.
“Thank you. It’s a secret engagement at this point though,” Tony admitted. “So, um–please don’t tell anyone.”
“Well, alright,” Ana huffed. “But only because I need to go to several stores downtown and I hate driving downtown.”
. And I know it’s selfish, but I don’t want him to go off alone. It’s not fair. He shouldn’t have to do everything alone.”
Jan crawled onto the bed behind him, curled up against his back, and pressed her forehead to the back of his neck. “Talk to me, honey,” she whispered, lifting one hand to pet his hair, the other gripping the back of his shirt.
“Thanks, Jan,” Tony said blandly, copying his notes from making bread over into a clean notebook. “I really appreciate that.”
But he had no other choice. Even if his trunk were on top of a pile, he couldn’t get out of it for fear of being seen.
Jan’s face did something supremely unattractive, but no one was foolish enough to point it out. “Reed,” she hissed. “Apologize.”
“A key?” he murmured softly, confused. He tipped the envelope, so the key fell into his hand, running his thumb over the iron blade. It looked like one of the keys to Jan’s trunks. “Huh.” He wrapped his hand around it and then pulled the envelope open again, because it wasn’t like Jan to give him something without an explanation. And, like he expected, there was a small note inside.
Tony trailed his fingers over the drawing lightly, mouth dropped open a little in awe. Steve thought that this was poor quality? Tony almost felt he was looking at a photograph. There were the rolling hills Steve had described, a moon hanging fat and heavy in the sky, stars dotted around it with little gleaming rays. He wondered if Steve had done the sketch by the moonlight. He must have. Tony couldn’t imagine anyone being able to do this from memory alone.
Jan curled her finger a little, pressing it into his palm. “Alright. Step one is finished. I won’t let my guard down until the train pulls away from the station.”
“Jan, no!” Tony howled, falling into laughter again.
“Yeah, it can be a little jarring when big cities are what you’re used to your entire life,” Steve agreed, luckily not taking any offense. He began leading him toward the hotel. “But we’re a stop for people traveling across the country, so we’re big enough for an actual hotel.”
Jarvis poked his head in, expression soft. “Will you be eating breakfast up here, sir, or would you like it in the dining room?”
“What?” Jan asked, brows furrowing together. “What is it?”
Jan clutched the letter to her chest, tears of her own rolling down her cheeks. She’d known that Tony was miserable, but he’d hidden so much from her—his decline down into this shell of a person had been so gradual she hadn’t really noticed its toll on him until he’d called and asked for her help, sounding hopeful and excited for the first time in… heavens. Years. She had no idea what she could have done to help, but she would have gladly helped shoulder the burden in any way she could, if only being a sympathetic ear for him. He would have done the same thing for her, after all. She felt like she’d failed him.
“Throw some butter in the pan and cook small, flat pieces of the dough in it. You can put some olive oil and spices on it or sprinkle it with sugar and nutmeg.” Jarvis shrugged. “I have to do that all the time when Ana cooks.”
Tony wasn’t enthused about Steve’s response, but he hadn’t been crass, and he hadn’t shown any signs of being a bad person, so Tony decided to give him one more chance. One letter alone wasn’t enough to judge a man’s character, and after all, Ana had said that her niece had been able to decide how she felt about her suitors after a few letters. He decided Steve’s next response would be the deciding factor in whether to continue correspondence.
“I could fit weeks’ worth of things in one,” Tony said.
Steve was big, and broad, with shoulders that went on for miles, and his hair was on the longer side, like he was just on the cusp of needing a haircut. His skin was surprisingly pale—he’d thought Steve might be a little tanner, being out on the range so often, or out doing manual labor in the hot, southern sun. He had freckles, though, and they were very cute, spattering across his nose like he’d sneezed over a cinnamon cake. He had a beard, too, which seemed incredibly foreign to Tony; a beard meant you were too poor to afford a razor in New York, so almost every alpha had had clean-shaven faces. Somehow, Tony thought the beard suited him.
Tony swallowed thickly. He wanted to stay in New York. He knew how New York worked, knew its people. But he would never be able to marry anyone but Ezekiel if he stayed, and he knew that too.
Ana shut the door before he
Jan sniffled and turned toward him, eyes full of angry tears. “I can’t help it. You shouldn’t be dealing with this. Your options shouldn’t be ‘marry Ezekiel or become a pauper.’ It’s not fair! It’s not!”
“No, just… I was looking for something and they don’t have it,” Tony admitted. It would have been a cute joke, showing up with the soap Steve’s mother always used to wash his mouth out with. He tapped his finger against his bottom lip thoughtfully. “Hank? Did your mother ever wash your mouth out with soap?”
“I’m going to need to finish the punch,” Tony said after a moment, and punctuated his statement with an almost-too-large swallow.
But he also remembered that Jim had said he’d be good for Steve.
“…He would let you marry an alpha bachelor of ability,” Ana murmured, and then said, louder, “An alpha of ability.”
Tony jerked when he recalled what Jan had said. “Wait. What do you mean, by the end of this trip? Are—are we actually going to Maine?”
Tony shoved down the hurt of remembering his father going over paperwork where Jarvis sat, and his mother reading Shakespeare where Ana sat, as he practiced his letters where he always sat. They were gone, and he missed them, and it hurt, but he wouldn’t let that taint the warm feelings he had for Jarvis and Ana now. Ana and Jarvis weren’t his parents, but they took care of him like their own son even though they technically didn’t have to. He would never forget that.
Tony was quiet as he thought about it. He supposed it made sense; it fit the story without being an outright lie, and without giving too much information away. He might not have been
Tony sobered immediately at the tone, giggles fading under her concerned frown. “Jan?”
“Anthony!” Obadiah barked angrily.
Victor went from looking supremely put out to extremely uncomfortable. “Think nothing of it. I won’t miss it.”
Tony turned to watch her go, stunned, and maybe just a little bit scared. He’d never considered that the Stanes could be worse beyond their treatment of him, but he’d never really had the stomach to think about what happened behind the Stanes’ doors. To know that the servants gossiped to each other, and were afraid for him, that… that was something new. Something that made the prospect of having to marry Ezekiel even
He heard a key being inserted into the lock of his trunk and tried not to flinch as it was wrenched open, frightened squeak muffled behind his hands when someone began pawing through the clothes on top of him. He felt his shirt being tugged on and readied himself to go out swinging—
terrible.
“I was living in Budapest,” Ana began slowly, as if walking through the memory, taking her time. “I worked in this little clothes shop, selling ties. And there was… there was the ugliest tie, that I never could get rid of, and I still can’t believe the owner of the shop had dared put it out for sale. It was
“Tony?” Jarvis asked in concern, frowning.
“Well, I’m sure I had a lot more to enjoy, what with the drawings you sent me,” Tony demurred quickly. “I’m sorry I had nothing as nice as that in my letters back to you.”
Jan looked up at Jarvis and Ana helplessly, burying one hand in Tony’s hair. “I… I don’t know either, honey.”
He waited until he was sure she was gone before he traced his hands over the edges of the envelope, fingering the corners nervously. What if… what if Steve said he had reconsidered? What if he’d found someone with experience in farming or ranching? What… what if he’d found someone with money?
Jarvis looked up at her, frowning. “Ana, what are you talking about?”
“Okay,” Steve answered slowly, still looking a little confused. “I’m glad that he was there to take care of you, in any case. Seems like he did a good job, whatever it was.”
he need one? Surely Timely had anvils!
When Victor had written back, “I like it better here so I’m staying,” his father had only upped his allowance to pay for a place to live permanently and some security with the promise that he come back when he was thirty-five if he weren’t married yet, and the soft order to ‘try and find an alpha with social standing if he could.’
know?”
Bucky took a step back but didn’t let go of Tony’s hand right away.  “I hear you’ve come looking for work all the way from Iowa.  I gotta be honest, there’s not a lot to be found here.”  Tony could hear the undertones, the challenge that was there, if muted from Bucky’s initial assessment.
“Me too.”  Steve sighed, leaning his head against Tony’s.  “This is both easier and harder than I expected.”
The failure of the joke settled Steve a little bit.  Ever since he’d met Tony after being found in the Arctic, the other man had seemed larger than life, unapproachable in a way that Tony had never been during the Depression.  Steve had given it a lot of thought, and it had taken him a long time to realize that, even in the Tower — his own home — he was always putting on some kind of show.  Mostly, it was the Amazing Tony Stark show, the media personality that flashed peace signs and made snarky remarks to the press.  As he became more comfortable, it morphed into the Tony’s Okay show, that Tony could work for days on end in his workshop, alone, barely eating or sleeping, until he staggered up to the penthouse and collapsed.
The day after, Natasha found him in the gym, pounding a heavy bag as hard as he could.  She came around the side of it so he could see her coming towards him.  She rolled out her shoulders, flexing her neck side to side.  He stopped as she approached, breathing heavy and conscious of the sweat running from his scalp down his back, his tank top sticking to his skin.
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked, the question softened by his tone.
“Are —“ Tony had to stop for a moment, unable to get the words out for possibly the first time in his life.  “Are you fixing that sock?”
Slowly lowering him to the ground, the movement making a scraping sound, Steve let go of his jersey once his feet were on the ground.  “It takes a pretty small man to be so worried about what other people do behind closed doors.”
In the middle of the night, Steve was restless, unable to fall asleep, even with Tony was sprawled across Steve and the bed.  Steve disentangled himself, walked back out onto the balcony, and looked out over the Strip, the neon lights chasing themselves around buildings, pools and fountains of every color, water spraying up in front of the casinos.  He shook his head, marveling at how he’d gotten here: from a tenement building in Brooklyn, where he both found and lost Tony, to Camp LeHigh, back to a basement in Brooklyn where he’d become Captain America.  The bond show that took him to every major city in America — including Las Vegas — then the front in Europe.  The Alps, where he lost Bucky.  Back to New York in 2012.  Across the country again, only to find Tony — really find him this time — in Central Park.
And now he had Tony, this Tony, who rubbed him so raw because it was the false hope over and over again of having
“You okay, big guy?” He asked as he leaned against the wall next to Steve, bracing his hands against the ledge.  “It’s not like you to skip a meal.”
“Buddy?” Steve prompted.
Tony there.  The one who understood and actually saw
Tony rubbed a hand over his face, closing his eyes.  “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he muttered to himself.  He opened his eyes and snatched the pile of socks before taking the one in Steve’s hands.  “Jarvis, will you please order the good Captain some more socks? Have them delivered by tomorrow.”
He felt like his trip had been a failure — that
He felt broken into a thousand pieces, shattered across the chair and the floor and the bed, his shards spread over Tony like a blanket.  Before, when he’d broken, Steve had offered Tony his broken pieces and one by one, Tony had put them back together for him again.  The radio.  The arc reactor.  The medal.
Shaking his head, Steve turned his back to Tony.  He struggled to get the last buttons on his shirt undone, head still feeling foggy, still smelling incense where there was none, hearing the words of the mass spoken by a hundred voices instead of silence.  Stealing a glance behind him, he did appreciate that there had been at least one hymn — or part of one.
But when the dust settled, when the debriefings were over and everyone went home, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers struggled to find common ground on which to base a friendship.  Tony had invited the other Avengers to live in the tower after the Battle of New York, and one by one they had trickled in.  Bruce had come first, concerned about his reception but delighted to find his own lab with a small apartment attached — a place for him to finally call home.  Next came Natasha and Clint, a paired set who had found it difficult to settle back into SHIELD, knowing what they did about the decision the World Security Council had made to nuke Manhattan to save the world and their own colleagues who had followed the orders to deploy the bomb.  The other agents at SHIELD were also uncomfortable around Clint, given the role he had played thanks to Loki.  So he and Natasaha moved into the tower.  They had settled on their own floor but spent most of their time in the common area.
A sigh brushed through Steve’s hair, and he looked up to find Tony’s gaze averted, his expression tight.  Steve waited, hands on his thighs.  Tony swallowed, his eyes flickering away.  “My parents,” he said softly, finally meeting Steve’s steady gaze.  “My parents were killed on December 16, 1850.  A business rival decided they were going to take out my father.  He was out riding with my mother, and they shot him off his horse.  My mother —“ Tony faltered and swallowed heavily.
When Tony’s fever broke, Steve cried in relief.  When his eyes fluttered open, clear and coherent if still exhausted, Steve brushed his lips over Tony’s knuckles.  When Tony refused to stay, Steve shook his head but didn’t argue.  He could understand that feeling — Tony needed to figure out where he was, when he was.
“Never had to,” Tony answered.  He sat down next to Steve, who handed him a sock and darning egg.
Steve rolled his eyes but didn’t argue further.  “It’s just as well,” he said.  “There was an ad in the Times looking for comic book artists.  I was going to put some panels together and try to submit them to Timely either this week or next.”
“I didn’t see what happened after Tony hit the ground.”
He tucked the three things back into the packet, which he slipped back into his jacket pocket.  Tony walked back to the apartment, dreading his arrival with each step.  Surely he could do a better job than the doctor had of telling Steve.  Or even than Obie had done for him.
He sweated and shivered with the fever, tossing and turning in the sweaty sheets.   At times, he would wake up, finding himself on an unfamiliar narrow bed with the shittiest mattress he’d laid on in a long time — seriously, how had he gotten
Steve’s eyes were unfocused and half-closed, exhausted from the effort of just crossing the hall from their apartment.  Tony helped him strip, as Steve showed no initiative to do it on his own, and helped him into the tub.
“You can’t promise that,” Steve said, but there was only exhaustion in his voice.
Steve hadn’t helped many people out of their clothes, but he’d done it enough to sense that this was different somehow — infinitely more intimate.  Something had broken within Tony, that much was clear, and the feeling of a sanctuary, of ritual and anticipation washed over Steve again.  He could feel the warmth from Tony’s body in the fabric of his shirt as he carefully unbuttoned it and hung it over his, the faint scent of metal and smoke as he draped his pants over one of the chairs.
“I’ll stay with him.  I wouldn’t want him to wake up alone anyway,” Tony said.
There was an easel in the corner with a sheet partially covering it, protecting it from the bright light from the windows.  Tony walked over, throwing a questioning glance over his shoulder, before he pulled the sheet off.
“I heard enough,” Tony answered.
“We never knew what happened — you just disappeared.  Bucky had just come home and gone in to check on you.  A minute later, he went back in and you were just — gone.  I was glad he was home when it happened, because he would have never believed me if I’d told him that.  He’d’ve thought I was lying to him, that you’d — died — or left,” Steve said, the words tumbling out of him.  He could feel himself starting to tremble, the pent up emotions leaking out of him everywhere, in gulps and words and tears and small movements he couldn’t control.
Natasha startled, a flash of surprise crossing her features before her expression shifted into a more neutral look.  She ran a hand through her wild hair, fluffing it up.  “Steve, you really ought to ask him,” she said after a long pause, settling back into the chair.  She pulled her legs up, wrapping herself tighter into the blanket.
“Can’t say I blame her,” Steve found himself saying.  It was like he was having an out-of-body experience, and he had no control over anything that was happening, least of all his body or anything he thought or did.  How did Howard and Tony Stark fit together?  Did Howard know where Tony had gone?
They finished up their late dinner, and Steve cleaned up the dishes, leaving them in a drying rack by the sink.
Captain America and Iron Man worked well together.  They could make plans in the field and adapt to evolving situations better than anyone else.  It was like they had been fighting together their entire lives.  They could neutralize and contain threats with breathtaking efficiency.  Captain America knew how to take out an enemy’s defenses, allowing Iron Man to swoop in and contain them.  Iron Man was very effective at distracting enemies and luring them away, allowing Cap to get in, get the civilians out, and get the job done.  They had perfect timing.  They even talked in shorthand on the comms, finishing each other’s sentences, putting plans into motion that had barely been verbalized.  Cap called the play, Iron Man worked out the kinks as they went, and New York found itself breathing a little easier with superheroes in the city, despite the public concern after the Battle of New York.
"Why would this have to be about Steve??who said anything about Steve?!Everyone is so obsessed with Steve!!Steve this, Steve that, oblivious Tony this,  in denial that!what is up with everyone right now?!"
"But so does Steve"
"But I thought we could get married now" replied Steve "Oh yeah legally there is no issue with us getting married but unfortunately since we are not gay that's not an option" and with that Tony went back to talking about the team rota.
“Well Friday it’s always the team movie night”
"What.... sorry what?"
"Even super villains try to kidnap Captain Rogers more than any of the rest of the Avengers  ....there is a student in MIT doing a thesis on the subject and it's really fascinating when you review the math"
“I mean it’s Steve,you would have to be blind not to notice how handsome he is. And even then Matt was just asking me a few weeks ago was Steve single. I mean it’s not only his looks but he is kind, he’s always going out of his way to help people , he can speak French,have you ever heard him speak French?!he sounds so good!he literally helps little old ladies Rhodey and then they are flirting with him and he’s so nice to them!”
"No Sir, the only event on your diary is an Avengers team lunch in half an hour and I have checked with Mr Richards and there are no portals or alien armies to worry about"
" Sir, you might not have noticed this but Captain Rogers is a handsome man and there are people who appreciate it"
"The Red Skull is hardly interested in Steve because of his looks!" "You are correct Sir" admitted Jarvis " but what about the last two times Crossbones tried to kidnap the Captain, you even said yourself how strange it was"
Steve did what any heartbroken super soldier would do on finding out that the man he loved didn't love him back.He went to his room, had a (manly) cry and then decided to talk it though with the kindest person he knew.
why would Steve go away without him?why would Steve want to be away from him?
"What is he Captain?" queried Jarvis. "He's, well, he's my Tony. I love him, I've just realised I love him"
"Jarvis, I'm going out, let the rest of the team know"
"Constantly annoyed, he keeps on breaking the equipment I make him"
"No it's Tuesday alright" confirmed Justin.
"Jarvis, super villains are always trying to extract the serum from Steve that's why they are trying to kidnap him!"
"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone you were taking photos of the statue!" said Steve with a smile.
“No, but it was embrassing to see how oblivious Dr Stark was about his feelings and I thought that might help”
Well, he should have been anonymous but he noticed that people had been following him. He was concentrating on sketching a quick drawing of a statue when he heard the telltale sound of a camera phone. He looked around to see a teenage boy lower his phone blushing at being caught.
"Tony,thanks so much for joining us, I know the V.A. really appreciates your support" he then looked around him in confusion " But where's Steve, is he joining us later?"
Before he could start destroying Justin Victor added " But wait, I thought today was Tuesday?I must have got mixed up"
"Bruce, he already has left me"
"I'm saying the Captain is a good man who appreiates kindness in others and has never likes bullies"
Thankfully just as things were really getting painfully awkward Rhodey noticed Tony and came over to talk to him.
“Are you talking about Captain Rogers?” asked Doom interrupting the conversation. “I just heard you talking about someone being nice to old ladies and presumed you are talking about him.Captain Rogers helped my aunt with her shopping one time and every since then she is insisting I should ask him out. I told her he was taken.”
Tony thought back to how a few weeks ago stupid Crossbones ruined one of their lunches by showing up and trying to kidnap Steve. "That guy is really obsessed with Steve"
Tony went over to the overlock machine, and Enzo brought him a stool.  He then demonstrated the machine, which would bunch up the fabric, causing it to get cut inappropriately and tangle the stitching.  Tony took down all of the threads and removed the faceplate to the machine.  There was a large amount of dust inside, and Tony cleaned it out using some fabric Enzo provided him.  He then inspected the tension discs for the thread.  They looked normal, but when he rethreaded and ran the machine, one of them still ran unevenly.   He removed the tension discs to find one of them had a rough edge on the outer edges of the disc, which he was able to sand down.  This time when he ran the machine, the thread didn’t catch, although it still didn’t run completely evenly.  He adjusted the tension discs and finally got it to work correctly.
Steve’s expression twisted.  “No thanks,” he said.  “They just tell you everything’s going to be fine, even when you know it’s not.”
“Trying to get a hold of him?  Why?”  Steve looked at Bucky, and Tony could tell from his widened eyes and the way his breath started to come faster that Steve now had an idea what Tony was trying to tell him.
Steve landed heavily, staggering as he regained his footing, all of his attention on the suit.  As soon as the green light hit it, the suit went slack, limbs relaxed and head lolling.  The repulsers cut out, and the momentum carried it a few inches higher before gravity took over, pulling the suit back down to the ground.  When the suit began to fall, Steve had to scramble out of the way, knowing even he couldn’t catch its dead weight.
Steve felt his heart drop.  “He’s getting cleaned up,” he answered slowly.  “Let me go get him for you.  You can wait in here,” he added as an afterthought, gesturing for the man to go in the kitchen.  He got a sharp nod in return before Steve moved past him into the hall.
Steve joined her in the doorway and felt his breath come out in a sharp gasp.  Tony was curled up in the hospital bed asleep, a light blanket pooled around his waist.  One of his hands was covering the arc reactor, which gleamed faintly through the cotton of his t-shirt.  He had a nasal cannula in his nose, and there was a clear liquid hanging on the IV pole.  The IV pump itself offered up the name of the drug — Zosyn — as well as its dosage and rate.  There was a monitor over the bed, showing his heart rate at a comforting 68 while he slept, his saturations a little low at 93%.  It beeped in time with his heart rate, the pitch sometimes varying up or down as the saturations fluctuated on the monitor.
Steve’s eyes were glazed over with heavy emotions, and his gaze was fixated on Tony’s chest as if he could see the bright blue light through the layers of fabric.  Tony had no idea how long they breathed together, following Bucky’s pattern even though he was no longer counting.  Bucky sat behind Steve, gently rubbing his back and providing a soothing running commentary that no one was listening to.
Tony’s words came back to him —
Tony had never seen Steve in his underclothes, let alone naked, and he felt that, even with everything he knew about Steve Rogers and Captain America, he was unprepared for the sight.  Every knob on his back stood out from the nape of his neck down to his tailbone, and Tony could count every single rib.  His shoulder bones were clearly obvious, shifting under the skin as he rested his arms on the sides of the tub.  His belly dipped in between the sharply defined inverted V of his ribcage and the bowl formed by his hipbones and pubic bone.  Every bone of his arms and legs stood out in sharp relief.
Tony had talked Steve into going to Greenwich Village to try a new coffee shop Pepper had recommended. After finishing their coffee, they strolled along 7th Avenue, enjoying the beautiful summer weather too much to head back to the tower quite yet.  One of the stores had handmade crafts in the window, and Tony stopped to inspect a cross-stitch piece.  “Look,” he said, pointing to the frame.  “I know what I’m getting you for your birthday — it’s even in your colors!”
“He’s up to something,” Natasha agreed.  She took off towards Clint, while Steve doubled back towards the fountain.  He worked his way south towards the raised terrace with the intention to surprise Loki from behind while Tony was distracting him.  Tony’s part of the conversation came through the comms, and Steve knew they were in trouble — that the giant was just a distraction to some larger game — when Loki starting discussing family.
“‘Come to me, all who are weary and heavy-laden, and I will give you rest,’” Steve whispered into the dark, brushing his fingertips over Tony’s lips and onto the arch of his cheekbone.  “Lay down your burdens for a while, Tony, and let me carry them for you — at least for tonight.  That’s why you do this every year, right?  You don’t have to be alone.”
He didn’t wonder anymore.
“I’m very sorry,” Dr. Hudson said again.
“It’ll be fine,” he answered, fingering the edge of his shield, rotating it in his hands.
“Be careful what you tell him,” Enzo leaned over and stage-whispered at Tony.  “He remembers everything.  Despite that, he’s my best customer.”  Enzo then stepped closer to Tony, inspecting his shirt before leaning back to take in his pants as well.  “I see that you’re benefiting from that,” he added.  “They need to be taken in a little though, if you’re going to keep wearing them.  They don’t do you justice.”
he wanted to plead instead.
Tony had to imagine that, when he was only 5 foot 4 and 94 pounds, the effect wasn’t very memorable.  Now, however — well, it left quite the impression.
Tony looked up into Bucky’s gray eyes, seeing only gratitude there.  “He’s a special guy,” Tony said, the first thing that came to his mind.
Tony opened his eyes as Steve slowly stood up and placed the towel with glass onto the table next to the broken bottle.  Standing before him, Steve felt his lips part, drawing in a slow breath.  Pinching out the lantern, he reached out to slide his hand along Tony’s jawline and into his dark hair, running his thumb against his lips.  In the darkness, Steve felt his senses heightened, and Tony’s skin was hot under Steve’s hand, his lips slightly wet, his breath warm as it washed over the pad of his thumb.  Tony gave a small gasp and closed his eyes again, tipping his head ever so slightly into Steve’s hand, nuzzling into the touch.
Natasha threw back her head and laughed.   She linked her arm through Steve.  “I know a little of what that’s like.  She sounds like a wonderful woman.  Too bad Director Carter never had the opportunity to meet her,” she added, her eyes sparkling conspiratorially.
Steve felt Natasha shift, and he looked back over his shoulder to see her shaking her head.  “Steve, Tony was captured in Afghanistan by terrorists during a weapons demonstration there.  They wanted him to build weapons for them.  They tortured him — holding his head underwater in a bucket to get him to cooperate.”
Tony took it off Steve’s finger and inspected it.  “I had no idea what to say to you when that doctor gave me all that stuff.  I was just supposed to drop off a letter.”
Steve didn’t want to answer.  If Howard didn’t know, Steve didn’t want to share Tony with him, as though doing so would force Steve to give away part of his memory of Tony, a piece he could never get back.  “No reason,” Steve forced himself to say.
Susan giggled reluctantly. “I’m—still sorry. Please ask one of the caterers to spruce up your punch, courtesy of Reed of course.”
“So I can have a hangover from hell so that when Ezekiel and Obadiah arrive to take me to a party, I will be indisposed,” Tony admitted.
“Address them with ‘to whom it may concern’ and ask for their names,” Ana answered. “That’s what my niece does.”
Jan—clever,
Tony curled his hands into fists, staring down at his lap. If only he’d known before what was going to happen, he could have requested Jarvis be the guardian of his finances. But Obadiah had been clever, had waited until he had complete control and was personally enmeshed in the business dealings he’d been doing with Tony’s money, to show his true colors. Tony had been a fool.
“Steve has made you happy again,” Jarvis said softly. “And I’m wary, of course I am, but… I think he’ll continue to make you happy, Anthony.”
Jan eventually dragged them over to the perfumes. “Hank, I know you like my lavender perfume, but—”
“Your parents had just very suddenly died, Anthony,” Jarvis cut in sharply. “I think we can all be forgiven for being distraught after their gruesome demises. Of course Obadiah would swoop in while we were hurting, telling us he’d take care of everything. The sneaky son of a—”
dangerous alpha in the vicinity.
Jan frowned at him a little longer before turning it over. Then she let out the longest, loudest groan he’d ever heard. “
a real firecracker, dear,” Ana said, and stood. “I’m going to go look through some of my powders. Surely one of them will go with your skin tone to make you look pallid without it being obviously fake.”
“No I hate that too,” Jan snapped before he could even put one arm through a sleeve, snatching it from his hands and stomping away to throw them both in a basket. She gripped her hands into fists, then gave the basket a kick for good measure, too, knocking it over and sending all of the clothes in it onto the ground.
“Anthony?” Jarvis called, peeking around the door.
But then the door in front of Tony’s trunk was being opened and it was being dragged out. Tony clapped his hands over his mouth to muffle his startled yelp when his head banged against the side of the trunk he was in as they dropped it to the ground. They’d surely find him if they were searching the trunks, but he wasn’t going to make it easy for them. He heard them opening the other trunks one-by-one and hoped he wasn’t shaking so much it was visible, clammy palms clasped tightly over his mouth.
And it wasn’t like Steve was being really unreasonable. Jan and Jarvis were right—he was just scared. Tony was realizing with sort of a sinking feeling that he was afraid he would do too well away from everything he knew, and not because he was afraid he would fail. He’d felt so free and alive when he’d realized he could get out from under Obadiah and Ezekiel, like he could do anything. Maybe he was scared that he’d get to Steve, and do well, and then be dragged back.
Tony’s smile faded in concern and confusion. “You… don’t want to have a wedding?” Everyone in town had seemed so excited to see Steve had found a beau. It didn’t make sense that they wouldn’t want to celebrate with him.
“Ben, get him out of my sight,” she added through gritted teeth.
“Anthony wasn’t thinking it!” Jarvis exclaimed.
“Ugh! It’s so unfair!” Jan exclaimed angrily, then stomped over and whipped the jacket off of him, throwing another one into his arms. “Ew, no, this is all wrong. Here, try this one!”
Tony grabbed the top three boxes Hank had deposited in the entryway and fled, because he loved Jan, and Hank was nice enough, but he didn’t want to see them kissing.
“He’s the one who said your name was ‘Janice!’” Victor exclaimed. “We were dancing, and he pointed at you and said that you were Janice! Or, well,” he added, frowning a little in embarrassment. “I couldn’t hear him quite well over the music because he was trying to be quiet, and I was also focusing on him not stepping on my toes again, so I might have misheard him. But I did ask him very specifically if he’d said ‘Janice’ once the dance was over and—and he didn’t correct me!”
it doesn’t change my mind. And if Obadiah tries to come and take you back, I won’t let him.” He frowned, brows furrowing together in concern. “Were you worried about that? I don’t want to sound flippant, but… don’t be. His opinion means nothing to me. It’s yours I’m worried about, and you’ve expressed that you want to make a life together. So. Let’s do that.”
“I wouldn’t have,” Tony told her sincerely.
“Ana might know a few recipes,” Jarvis said after some more thought. “I know more mutton dishes than beef.”
Jan would probably rescue them. Tony and Jan kept sharing curious looks because Jarvis’s face was red not only with anger, but embarrassment, and Ana kept giggling even as she also put some of the letters she skimmed into the wastebasket as well. They were probably incredibly torrid. Tony wouldn’t respond, but he definitely wanted to read them, and Jan would offer excellent commentary. She always did.
Steve’s smile grew wider with joy even as his shoulders sagged in relief. “Really?”
Ana came over and pushed a glass of sangria into Jan’s hand. “Here, dear.”
He could either suffer being married to Ezekiel and have at least a little access to his parents’ fortune, or he could suffer being without a fortune that was rightfully his but not have to deal with a handsy alpha. Sometimes he wished he hadn’t been born into money—maybe then the decision wouldn’t be so hard.
“How should I address them?” Tony wondered, tapping his bottom lip with his pen. “None of them have names.”
Susan managed a half-hearted smile. “Well, it’s not as if you can’t use it, especially after…
“Oh, God, all those turns to her house in that car,” Tony giggled, then grunted and swallowed thickly. “God. Ana, if I should perish, I want all of my belongings to go to you and Jarvis.”
Tony turned to look up at her, frowning. He reached out to cup her cheek, thumb coming up to brush the tears from her eye. “Don’t cry, Jan.”
“Yes, well,” Tony answered, looking away from him in embarrassment. “Can’t say I much enjoyed it, either, but…” He looked down at his hands in his lap, blushing a little. “It ended up bringing me to you, so.”
Jan bounced where she stood, which also had the unintended consequence of bouncing Tony a little, too. She held him tighter. “You can leave the Stanes behind! Ezekiel won’t have any claim on you anymore!”
“I’m not afraid of Jan,” Ezekiel replied blithely, advancing on him again. He grabbed Tony’s elbow to keep him from backing away. “How about a dance, Tony?”
Victor looked horrified but intrigued. Tony could sympathize. Jan was a terror, but she was a terror who cared.
In the mornings, Bucky would come home from work, and the three of them would eat breakfast together.  Tony would come in and out of the apartment for whatever jobs he’d lined up the day before or could drum up if he didn’t have anything else to do.  Steve would work at his drafting table in the mornings into afternoon when the light was best while Bucky slept.  Bucky would then get up, and they would have dinner together before Bucky went back to work.  Steve and Tony would spend time together before bed.  Steve kept the radio on constantly, filling the apartment with jazz, blues, and swing music.
He could breath easily.
Later, Steve asked around and found out about him.  They’d taken him to Bellevue Hospital and had opened his abdomen and his chest.  They’d given him over 100 units of blood.  He broke every rib in his body and ripped his diaphragm off his chest wall.  He shattered his liver and broke his neck.  But he’d lived.
Tony shook his head under the towel, struggling so badly to breathe between the anxiety and the pneumonia that he couldn’t muster the strength to talk.  “Here,” Steve said, plucking the towel off.  He positioned Tony so that he was in the middle of the tub facing out.  “Put your arms here,” he said, arranging Tony’s arms so they were crossed on the rim of the tub, “and rest your forehead on your arms.”  Tony followed his directions, looking down at the water with enough space to help him breathe a little easier.  Steve draped the towel over his head, shoulders, and arms.  It worked just as well to trap the steam without hanging over his face.
Tony provided him with everything.  A home, food, clothes, electronics — anything the guy might have needed, and a bunch of stuff that he probably didn’t even know he might want.  And if there was something he did want that Tony hadn’t provided, Tony had made it very clear that all Steve had to do was ask.  But instead, it was like Steve was constitutionally incapable of asking for anything, and it drove Tony absolutely crazy.  Steve was also silent and awkward, reluctant to embrace the future and all of the wonders it held.  No matter what Tony did to try to welcome him to the tower, it was always the wrong thing.
Tony found that part very worrisome.
Steve just looked back, his mouth slightly open.  After a moment, he closed it and looked away, his expression closing off.  “You didn’t have to do that,” he said.
Bucky arrived sometime after midnight, his hat off-kilter and his tie loose, his jacket partially off one shoulder, the dress shirt buttoned incorrectly with the tails only half-tucked into his pants.  Steve could tell he was drunk by the slow, deliberate steps Bucky took, trying his best to be quiet and not wake Steve.
The radio was playing music, and Tony could hear the strains as he quietly came in.  He left the food on the table and looked into the sitting room to find Steve had changed into a pair of pajama pants with only an undershirt.  He was curled up in the corner of the couch, facing away from the door leading into the kitchen with a basket at his feet with socks in it.  His head was bent over the things in his lap, and Tony could see the shine of his blond hair from the gas light that was dimly on in the room.  Tony stopped at the sight, feeling his eyes widening as he watched Steve work.
But Steve knew there wasn’t really a chance he would refuse.  Anything was better than the silent apartment, the file he couldn’t open, the world he didn’t understand.  At least it was a direction, something to move towards, and that was better than the nothing he’d woken up to, the empty life he’d been living since then.
“I’m Steve Rogers,” he said, sticking out his hand.  “You gotta name, pal?”
Fortunately — or unfortunately, depending on how you looked at it — it took another few days before the fever followed.  By then, Tony got so short of breath going up and down the stairs he couldn’t even contemplate walking around their neighborhood to make his rounds and see what needed fixing.
“I love him,” he echoed.  “But this version — it’s not the same.  This version is so — closed off and brittle.  Before, he was more open, less —“  Steve trailed off, unable to find the right word.
Steve grabbed it from him, taking a sniff from the mouth of the bottle.  “This is pretty fine stuff,” he said, a little surprised despite himself.  The scent was vaguely familiar, the hint of wood and spice under the burn of the alcohol in his nose.  He held the bottle out and looked at the label, which read Slane Irish Whiskey.
Steve rocked back on his heels at the expression on Tony’s face: shame, and the expectation of being rejected.  Steve studied Tony for a moment, weary and aching for him, for the experiences that had made him expect nothing but dismissal even when he was so clearly hurting.  He could see the pebbling of goosebumps on his back where his skin was visible, the fine tremor of shivering starting in the cold desert air.  Steve could relate to those feelings: knowing he’d failed some critical test, the inevitable abandonment, the self-recrimination for not being enough.  He pulled the blanket off his shoulders and laid it across Tony’s back.
“Life in the future with a superhero boyfriend who flies around in a suit he designed himself based around a piece of hardware that keeps him alive?  Me neither,” Tony answered.  “Of course, my version is a super soldier boyfriend who was born in 1918 that I inexplicably met in 1939 after I’d already met him in 2012.”
Steve peered closer, confused.  The border had flowery embroidery at the top and the bottom in varying shades of red and blue, while the lettering in the middle read “You miss 100% of the Nazis you don’t punch.”  Giving Tony a sidewise glance, the corner of his mouth quirked up in amusement.  “I feel like needlepoint has changed since the Depression.”
Steve smiled at him, the corners of his lids crinkling where there was now a web of wrinkles.  Time, it seemed, was ultimately more powerful than even the serum; Tony could see fine lines on Steve’s face and around his mouth, the traces of thousands of smiles and laughs.  But there were also lines between his eyebrows, reflective of darker emotions.  Those memories came unbidden too: Steve’s head ducked, telling them about how they were Natasha’s family.  The grief and tears on his face when he thought Tony was going to die from his injuries.
As he stood there, Steve realized it could be him.  Maybe by showing Tony a piece of himself — something less than perfect, something vulnerable — maybe that’s what made things less difficult between them.  Before, it had been easier.  Steve was just Steve Rogers, 90 pounds soaking wet without any expectations to live up to.  And Tony had already known him, at least a version of him.
Tony turned back towards Steve and blinked slowly, his dark lashes fanned out over his cheeks when his eyes were closed.  Steve felt it like a punch to the gut — the desire to pull Tony close, to shelter him from whatever it was that he was using the whiskey to avoid.  It took the air from his lungs, and he felt the stillness again, the sanctity of the moment, the anticipation.  The desire felt
Dimly, Steve was aware that Tony was talking to him, although he couldn’t sort out the individual words.  Blood was roaring in his ears.  The shy smile Tony had given him as he’d offered the monitor, coupled with the gesture of trying to comfort Steve, to give him data to help Steve understand that Tony was okay — that was more the Tony Steve had known from before than anything else Steve had seen Tony do in this century.
If so, it was one hell of a resemblance.
When Tony came upon him darning socks in the common living room, Steve was embarrassed.  He hadn’t expected Tony to be up from the workshop, and he certainly hadn’t expected him to ask about what he was doing.  But here, in the middle of the tower surrounded by everything he could possibly ask for, Steve could see how it looked to Tony.  An activity his ma had taught him, that had kept him and Bucky in warm socks through bitter Brooklyn winters when he couldn’t work or really even go outside, something he himself had taught Tony — well, it was old fashioned, wasn’t it?  Out of date.
“That can’t be good,” Tony said, and he made a sharp turn, heading towards the fountain.
“I can’t say I’ve been paying attention,” Bruce said, and the other two nodded in agreement.
His expression twisting, Tony turned away, facing towards the railroad tracks.  “Where’s your Christmas spirit, Sheriff?”  Steve didn’t miss that shift either, and he felt his own eyebrows climb at the contrast between Tony’s joyful singing — albeit forced joy, Steve had to admit — and his otherwise mournful demeanor.
Steve wondered, as he watched the Iron Man suit scream into view.  Tony took a sharp bank turn, assisted by the Tower, and headed upward into the portal.  Steve felt his mouth open as he craned his neck upward to watch Tony become smaller and smaller, only a red speck before he disappeared into the portal.
It all made him feel so terribly alone.
The stare down lasted almost a full minute before Steve turned back to Tony.  “Thank you,” he said, albeit begrudgingly.  “I really appreciate it.  You certainly didn’t have to spend the money.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank god for small favors that the guy who mugged him wasn’t still there,” Bucky said.  “Otherwise I’d have to clean up both of you idiots.”  There was a pause, and then Bucky added, laughter in his voice, “Don’t give me that look.  I’m sure you would have won that one.”  After another moment, Bucky continued, “All right, all right.  He can stay until he gets back on his feet.  Maybe he can fix the radio while he’s here.”
Soft instrumental jazz was playing over the speakers, and Steve was standing by the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over Manhattan.  He was facing east, where the top of the Chrysler building dominated the view.  Tony walked over, a little apprehensive about what to say.  He came up even with Steve, who didn’t turn to face him, but kept some distance between them.  “Look, Steve, I —“
he thought as he looked back at the record player, his gaze falling on the selection of records Tony had picked out for him,
Tony grabbed his wrist, but Steve still clung to Tony’s shoulder, terrified that if he let go, Tony would disappear again.  “It’s okay, Steve,” he heard Tony say from very far away, quiet compared to the alarms ringing over and over and over again, reverberating through his skull until Steve thought he would never hear silence again.  Tony let go of his wrist and looped the clear plastic tube back behind his ears, tucking the cannula into his nostrils.  Tony offered Steve the monitor, which read 83% beside the steady up and down of the blue line, still in time with his heartbeat, which was now up to 107, presumably from being shaken awake by a terrified super soldier.
Steve’s eyes widened, his eyebrows climbing on his forehead.  He looked at Tony hard, considering.  “Tony,” he said, standing up slowly, “when was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”
“You’re going to have to clean it regularly,” Tony told Enzo before he’d replaced the faceplate.  “I think buildup from the thread caused the tension plates to get rough edges, which then screwed up the tension on the threads.”  He walked Enzo through removing each disc, cleaning it, replacing it, and adjusting the tension.  He also showed him how to clean the inside of the machine and the area around the footplate before replacing the faceplate.
feeling the reverberations of the pipe organ in his chest during the recessional.
“Bucky would have been impressed,” Steve said as he leaned against the railing.
“Are you done making assumptions about what I’m trying to tell you?  Are you going to listen to me now?  Because you’re being worse than Clint, and I didn’t know that was even possible!”
Steve’s expression brightened at Tony’s movement, although he tried hard to hide it.  “Enzo’s a good guy,” Steve answered.  They went into the kitchen and divided up the containers of bolognese ragù and cucuzza, Tony trying to sneak more food onto Steve’s plate.  Steve gave him a sour look, making it clear that Tony wasn’t nearly as stealthly as he’d hoped, but didn’t put up a fight.
Everything ground to a stop for Steve when Dr. Erskine asked Mr. Stark if he was ready.
Tony looked over at him, wide-eyed, and Steve felt his own eyes widen in response.  The Tony before him was the one from his bedroom, sick from pneumonia and gaunt from too little food and too much work during the Depression.  Steve could see the familiar hollows at his temples and under his cheekbones, his skin pulled tight over his face.  Tony’s eyes were also a little glassy, his skin sweaty, and Steve knew that if he were to touch Tony’s forehead, he would be burning up from fever.
After the funeral, Steve existed in the house but it would have been a stretch to say he lived.  He drew only in fits and starts and drifted from task to task without being able to settle on or finish any of them.  He didn’t submit anything to Timely or anywhere else for that matter.
His chest tightened again, and Steve couldn’t catch his breath.  He tried for a few moments, humiliated by the gasping noises he made.  Running a hand over his face, Steve tried to hide the flush he could feel creeping up his neck and into his cheeks.  “I thought I would feel better being here,” he choked out, stumbling over all the things he couldn’t say.
— even tangentially related to Captain America.  He would have bought your image and the shield design from the US Government if he could have.  He got in an epic argument with them about it, because he’s the one who designed it, in case you forgot.  Which I never was given the opportunity.”
his mind supplied numbly, the remembered pain of trying to force air in and out of his lungs after Tony had told him his ma was dead washing over him.
The blue of the arc reactor filled his vision as he focused on it, more beautiful than the numbers on the monitor.  Steve wanted to reach out and feel Tony’s chest, feel his warmth underneath his own skin, put his palm over the arc reactor and see the play of the light between his fingers.  He could feel it, the imprint of the metal casing, as though it had been burned into the tips of his fingers like his own fingerprints.  Tony’s own skin had been hot that night, the sweat over his chest gliding under Steve’s fingers, the damp and the salt still on his hand even after he had stopped touching Tony.
!” he shouted back at her.  “What else do you want me to do?  I went on that road trip because I thought I could get my head on straight, and look at me!”  He pointed back to the tenement building, half a block away, and Natasha could tell he was pointing exactly to the window that had been theirs on the fourth floor.  “Back in Brooklyn, looking up at that apartment like I want to go back!  Like that life of perpetual hunger and struggle, of being too cold or too hot, of being one bad cold away from dying just like my ma — like that life was better!  Like I want to go back!”
Tony’s expression flickered from despondent to a wide, fake smile as Tony caught sight of him, his expression easy to see in the bright light of the full moon.  “Ten more days,” he replied, lifting up his bottle in a salute before taking a long drink.
“It helps his heart,” Natasha said.  She reached over and covered his hand with hers, gently squeezing his fingers.  “But it takes up space in his chest — space normally reserved for his lungs.  So he’s a little more at risk for respiratory problems.  I’m sure you’re familiar with the idea.”
Tony’s hands came up and ghosted over Steve’s sides, the heat searing through his undershirt, before they settled on his hips.  At first Tony gripped too tightly, and he pulled Steve closer until Steve was standing between his legs.  He burned his face into Steve’s stomach, and Steve’s arms instinctively wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, one hand cupping the back of his head, his fingers buried in his soft hair.
“I already know Tony and his weak spots,” Steve choked out, unable to face her.  “I met him.  In 1939.  He lived with me and Buck for more than 6 months.”
From there, the mountains gave way to barren desert, and Steve turned first south to see some of the natural wonders of Utah: Arches and Canyonlands then west to Capitol Reef, Bryce Canyon, and Zion.  He found the silence of the desert soothing, and he took the time to draw some of the breathtaking views.  Steve felt Tony there; the reds and yellows echoed the Iron Man armor, and Steve kept seeing things out of the corner of his eye down in the canyons.  Whatever they were, they were always gone by the time he’d turned his head.
“I’m just — happy,” Steve finally settled on after a pause.  “The last time I came here I felt like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders — specifically you, Buck, and Ma.  But now — I feel —“ He trailed off, trying to find the right words.
antibiotics.”
Steve was taking a drink, and he sputtered at her question, spilling water all over himself and the mat.  He coughed, trying to get the water out of his lungs, before he was able to ask, “Why do you think Tony has anything to do with this?”
Breathing heavily, Steve huffed through the pain until it subsided to a dull ache.  He looked up, meeting Tony’s eyes.  There seemed to be understanding there, and something else Steve couldn’t read in the other man’s expression.  “Want that drink now?” Tony asked.  “I think I’m done for the night.”
“The arc reactor?  But he told me it
“I’ve got to get cleaned up for work, but I’ll see how you’re coming along before I leave,” Bucky said.  He disappeared back into the bedroom before coming back out with the same cake of soap and a different towel.  He filled a kettle and placed it on the surface of the boiler to heat up before going out to the bath in the hallway.  Meanwhile, Tony dragged the radio into the kitchen, where he had some more space.
Tony must have fallen asleep, because he became aware of Cap sitting beside him, Tony’s clammy hand clutched between his two surprisingly cool ones.
Apparently the history books hadn’t exaggerated that one.
Steve turned around and spread his arms wide, taking in the whole block.  “I knew the name of everyone who lived here.  The couple who lived above us would get in an argument every Thursday night, when she drank too much because of the baby, and then again every Friday, when he came home late after drinking with his co-workers.  They made up and had sex every Sunday.  The people across the hall always complained about me playing the radio, and I swear to God, they threw a party after it broke.”
“I did,” Steve answered, and he drew a deep breathing before continuing.  “I waited until he was sick.  I don’t know if he heard me.”
There it was.
Considering the ring, Tony nodded slowly.  “From what you and Bucky said, they were probably cut from the same terrifying cloth.  I wish I had gotten to meet her.”
Steve let out a laugh that sounded more like a sob.  “I don’t know, Natasha,” he said, leaning back a little to look at her.  “We fought aliens a few months ago.  Against one Norse god with another on our side.  I was born in 1918.  How is any of this possible?”
The thoughtful expression came back over Steve’s face as he nodded slowly.  “Right,” he said, “well, why don’t you grab somewhere to sit, and I’ll bring the drinks over?”
Steve took a bite of the cucuzza.  “You look enough alike — it’s not a big stretch,” Steve agreed.
“And what of you and your new makeshift family?  I hear that all is not as picturesque as it could be.”  Loki tsk’ed at him and smirked.  “Adoptions are tough — I should know.”
Whether he had died from the pneumonia.
Tony had always been mercurial, and it wasn’t surprising why.  Steve had heard the story as a soldier in the Union army:  the brilliant munitions manufacturer, torn apart by the idea that he’d created weapons that had caused a significant portion of the widespread brutality and suffering Steve had seen during the war.  A man who, once he’d realized what his inventions were capable of, had shut down his factories and moved as far away from that life as he could.  Every soldier had heard the story, and the opinions about that decision among the soldiers had varied from begrudging respect to abject betrayal.  Steve had thought it noble, to take such personal responsibility for what had happened — but he’d definitely been in the minority.
Tony gathered Steve up in his arms and took him back to the bedroom.  Bucky had already changed and was pulling on his work boots while Tony gently laid Steve onto his bed, carefully straightening out his limbs until he looked comfortable.
Sprinting full out, Steve cursed himself as he broke through the foliage onto Terrace Drive.  His mistake became obvious as he ran; Steve had taken too long to reach them by wanting the high ground.  With Tony in the air, the high ground didn’t offer that much of an advantage, and Steve’s doubts increased with every step that he would actually surprise Loki from behind.
He felt something loosen a little in his chest when Tony made it out of the engine turbine and took out the soldier trying to shoot him.
a lie.”
“I’ve got to go to work,” Bucky said, “but I’ll see you back at the apartment in the morning.  If you can fix his machine, I bet he can also refer you to some of his friends who need similar help.”  Enzo nodded at that.  “Thanks again, Enzo!  Tell Luc I said hello.  Good night, Tony!”  With a wave, Bucky went back out the door, which Enzo locked behind him.
Steve closed his eyes, remembering the terrible day when Tony had told him his ma had died.  He imagined Tony’s hand over his, pressing it into the arc reactor as Tony helped him count his breaths.   He found the rhythm within the memory, and when he opened his eyes, his breathing had returned to normal and Tony’s saturations were up to 98%.
He walked through Fort Greene Park on his way back to the apartment, weighed down by the knowledge.  He sat on a bench in the park and opened the small packet he’d been given on his way out.  It held a silver religious medal on a chain, the woman on the front labelled as St. Monica with the inscription “Pray for us” on the back.  There was a slim silver band with a small emerald chip set into it, and a green pin with a white calla lily.
“No, you don’t.”  She moved to get in front of him, preventing him from leaving the gym.  “I don’t think you see at all.”
“C’mon,” Steve said, a little more gruffly than he intended, unsettled by the memories dredged up by Tony’s singing and the smell of the whiskey.  He dragged Tony back towards the courthouse, but Tony came easily enough once he got his feet under him.  Steve could feel the warmth of his body even through the fabric of their shirts, his hand almost hot where it was tucked under Tony’s arm.
Even when he had nothing, he’d had Bucky.  Bucky, who helped him pick up the pieces every time his life was in ruins.  Bucky, who helped him up and cleaned him off when he got his ass kicked in parking lots and alleys, behind diners and movie theaters.
He walked back through the living room and poked his head into the studio, holding up the towel and soap.  “Done,” he said.
Steve leaned his arm on the cool glass and propped his forehead against it, closing his eyes.  He could see New York City in his mind, the one he remembered.  The scaffolding around the Chrysler building and later the Empire State building.  Steve had marveled at the construction of both, the immense effort that first brought the limestone from Indiana and then hoisted it a thousand feet in the air.  He thought of the effort it took to build those skyscrapers, the determination that had taken the buildings from concept to plan to reality.
“I’m sorry, Buck,” Steve said.  Bucky turned suddenly and pulled Steve into a tight hug.  Steve wrapped his arms around Bucky, feeling the trembling in Bucky’s chest and arms.  Bucky’s breath came hot where he’d buried his face into Steve’s shoulder.  Just as suddenly, he released Steve, who faltered from the sudden absence of his friend in his arms.
It was that question — that burning feeling that there was something going on that he didn’t understand — that drove Steve to settle back into his old, pre-Tony routine.  He decided to just have faith in what Tony had said after the fact, even if he hadn’t believed it at the time.  Because, whatever Steve thought about it, Tony had believed it.
Bucky was left in his undershirt, boxers, and socks, his hat discarded onto the table.  He swayed as he reached out with an unsteady hand, sweeping Steve’s blond hair off his forehead.  Bucky’s hot breath stirred his hair, the smell the beer still there, as well as the faint whiff of cologne and sweat now that he’d stripped out of the uniform.
With a shrug, Steve pulled him close.  “I was a scrawny kid who never broke a hundred pounds and missed a lot of school because I was sick.  I mostly knitted and mended our clothes, but I wasn’t above the occasional needlepoint piece if Ma needed me to do it for some reason.  She would do it on her breaks at work — she found it easy to pick up and put down on the ward — and give them away when she was done.  Sometimes she didn’t always have time to finish them before she wanted to give them away, so I would do it.”
the path forward was obvious: either he would find what was left of Bucky’s unit or he wouldn’t.  The consequences of either outcome didn’t really matter — he would never be able to live with himself if he didn’t try.  It was only later, on the march back, that the potential ramifications of his decision really became apparent to him.  He’d defied orders and abandoned his post, even if it was a stupid post.  He was AWOL, and he could be court-martialed for it.  But Bucky was beside him again, and that was enough, especially when he led the cheer for Captain America back at camp.
“Trust me, I had enough of that growing up.”
“I’m surprised there’s anything left to fix,” Bucky answered.  “You’ve done quite the job talking people into letting you fix things.  Maybe not all of them are broken?”
?”  Bucky sat down onto the couch heavily, flipping through the sketchbook.
Tony came suddenly awake, the alarms in the helmet reverberating through his head in a way that made it very clear it had been going on for a long time.  He felt claustrophobic in the helmet in a way he never had, struggling to catch his breath like he’d taken a solid blow to the chest plate.
Steve offered up a running commentary during the game, starting with indignant complaining about the pitcher walking the first batter.  He cheered enthusiastically for each of the runs scored by the Dodgers and howled bitterly when the Phillies scored.  He screamed at the umpires and threw popcorn when he truly disagreed.  Tony bought a couple more rounds of beer, and Steve was pretty drunk by the end of the game.  He continued to cheer as they walked back out of the stadium, elated by the Dodgers’ 8-to-6 victory.
Dr. Hudson had said.
Bucky just shook his head.  “I don’t know, pal,” he said.  “This is the first I heard of it.  But I know when they first said she had to go into quarantine, we gave ‘em that number in case of emergencies.”
“He built the arc reactor in a
Steve wondered.
But the light was gone, the central window in chest plate dark.
“Close it.”
But it had smelled so good, and Steve had been so hungry.
Steve sighed, feeling exhaustion creep over him.  Why was he still here, if he’d done everything he needed to do, everything he could do?  “Not well enough, if you’re here,” Steve replied, the weariness clear in his tone.
Tony grinned at him before going to make his own cup of coffee.  “It’s a skill I learned from my old man.  He could sell ice to a penguin.”
When Steve looked up into his face, Tony’s eyes were downcast, looking at where his hands were open, palms up, almost in supplication.  Steve lifted first one and then the other to his lips, kissing his palms, his breath hot on Tony’s cold skin.
“Spoken as an only child.  Thor still misses his brother, the companion of his childhood.  We
“I’m guessing you’ve visited all of them,” Tony finally replied after a beat, his tone not quite a question.
There were bookshelves lining one of the interior walls, and Steve ran his hand over the spines.  The books were a mix of fiction and non-fiction, classics from all of the decades he missed, plus some about the American space program and other scientific advances he’d missed.  When he looked over from the bookshelves to the corner, he found a record player in the corner next to the fireplace.  Beneath it was a milk crate filled with records, mostly big band music from the 40s and 50s.
But Jesus.  It was like the guy wasn’t even trying.
“I’m Dr. Hudson, one of the doctors here.  I treat the patients in the TB ward.”  He hesitated, taking a deep breath.  “We’ve been trying to track down Mrs. Rogers’s family since last night.  There’s a number to the Navy Yard, but no one was answering there.”
“Wait,” Steve said, cutting off their bickering.  “He’s near the Bethesda Fountain.  Where we sent him back with Thor.”
But Steve knew what that was.  It was simply deflection.  He was painfully aware — often literally — of his own shortcomings, and pointing out the shortcomings of others didn’t change any of that.  So he thought of Bucky and that last night together.  Bucky’s painful admission about Steve reverberated within him, and he was determined to live up to how his best friend saw him.  He knew it was unlikely, but Steve wanted to do everything within his power to get to Europe and protect Bucky the way that Buck= had for him so many times before.
“Look, I know we’re not very close,” Steve said, “but if you don’t mind, I’d rather not talk to the doctor and just stay here.  It’ll make me feel better.  It’s not like I’ll sleep if I go back to my room anyway, knowing you’re here.”
“White supremacist.  Whatever it is ‘you people’ call yourselves these days.”  Tony threw up his hands and turned to Steve.  “I thought they were against political correctness.”
All of the color drained from Steve’s face, and he focused on his whiskey, carefully setting it on the table before his hands went still on either side of the glass.  The silence stretched out long and uncomfortable between the three of them, and Steve sat completely motionless, his chest barely even moving as he took short, shallow breaths.
It was time to go home.
“You don’t have to do this,” Natasha offered.  She stood next to him, her hand cool on his arm even through the sleeve of his t-shirt.  “You can come sleep on my couch.”
He’d expected it to hurt more, honestly.  Silence enveloped him, and everything was completely motionless once the Chitauri collapsed.  All Steve felt was his breath, his chest heaving to pull air in and out through his mouth.  The only sound in his ears was each sharp huff as he exhaled, his mouth dry.
A watercolor of his workshop, the blue screens thrown across the scene, the suggestion of a dark-haired person in the middle, his arms thrown wide.  A technical drawing of the plates that made up the abdominal wall of the Mark XLIII.  A painting of all of the iterations of the arc reactor.  DUM-E with a cloth ball in his claw.  Another watercolor, this time of the schematic Tony had used to show remains of Jarvis’s code after he fought Ultron.  The iron gauntlet with all of the Infinity Stones.
“Since Shield gave me his file, along with all the other ones.”
“I fixed Enzo’s overlock machine,” he said, gesturing to the kitchen.  “He sent me home with some food in return.”
Treasured.
The hospital was a cluster of beautiful red brick buildings on a hill, overlooking Fort Greene Park.  The receptionist at the front desk took the letter but was unable to find anything for Steve from Sarah.  Tony frowned; Bucky had been pretty clear in his instructions that the letters were always at the front desk, usually in an alphabetized stack.  The young woman went through the pile of mail twice, her expression becoming more concerned.  “Let me look into it for you,” she said, stepping away into a back office.
“He said that someday they’d come up with something to fix my heart,” Steve said.  Bucky looked over at him, his expression full of sympathy.  “I told him he was full of shit.”
The parallel was not lost on him.
Steve held onto that feeling as tightly as he could with both hands.  He trusted that all of the things Tony had said were true.  Even if they weren’t, that belief was enough to carry him.
And then she sucker punched him.
The cough followed a few days after the shortness of breath and pleuritic chest pain, accompanied by a fever.  Bruce took one look at him that afternoon and made him go to the medical facility within the Stark Tower for a chest x-ray.  It was no surprise he had pneumonia in his bilateral lower lobes.  The doctor wanted him to stay overnight for nebulizer treatments, breathing exercises to try to re-expand his lungs, IV antibiotics, and supplemental oxygen.  Tony wanted to refuse — he always did — but he knew, at least in this case, the pneumonia would get worse before it got better if he did.  He agreed to one night, the deal they always struck, and settled in.
Steve narrowed his eyes.  “Like life is full of possibilities, and they’re all mine for the taking.”
Steve felt his head swim, and he got up slowly from the couch, his legs unsteady beneath him.  “Tony, when was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”  A million other questions came in and out of his head, but Steve could only focus on that one, unable to ask the questions he really wanted to ask:
“Look, I know you want to help the guy,” Bucky was saying, “but we’re barely making it as it is.  I know you’re hoping to get that commission tomorrow, but there’s no promises.”
The light suddenly clicked on, and Steve looked up, startled, to find Tony staring at him.  Tony gaped back before asking, “What are you doing here?”
Steve ducked his head as the emotions washed over him.  He could close his eyes and still see it happen like it was in front of him.  The Chitauri and the Battle of New York, one of them cutting a corner, its chariot not made for that kind of tight maneuvering.  Steve had turned his head, following the Chitauri, when he realized the trajectory.  His mouth opened but the words never came, already too late before he’d even formed the thought to say something — anything.  The wash from the back of the chariot took out a pedestrian, launching him into the colonnade at the front of a building.  Steve had winced as body met stone with a sickening crunch, one that Steve could hear even from a block away with his enhanced senses.  He had yelled at the police to call for an ambulance and turned away, back to the fight.
Steve shrugged his shoulders and moved out of her reach.  “Maybe,” he said, the skepticism clear in his voice.
The sigh came out of Steve before he could stop it.  “There isn’t anything I can do, so what does it matter?”
Steve glanced at him, their eyes meeting, but didn’t answer.  His gaze dropped to his hands, and he flexed and extended his fingers against the concrete.  “You know, when Dr. Erskine gave me the serum, I had gone through all that training at Camp Lehigh.  I wasn’t very good, but there was this implication that if you made it through — if you were chosen for whatever it was they were doing, for Project Rebirth, that you had been given all the tools to succeed.  To help America win the war.”
The suit crashed to the ground, and Steve was next to it in an instant, rolling it onto its back rearranging the limbs to a more comfortable position.  “Tony?” he cried, fumbling at the face plate.  He couldn’t get it off, couldn’t figure out how to release it, and he didn’t have Hulk to help this time.
Afterwards, the bond show was a pretty bitter pill to swallow, all things considered.  Steve felt tricked by Senator Brandt and abandoned by Colonel Phillips and Agent Carter.  The death of Dr. Erskine was also harder to take than Steve had expected, because he was the only person who had seen the potential in Steve, a potential that he sometimes felt like even Bucky had questioned.
“What did he say?” Bucky asked.
Bucky searched his eyes before nodding once and backing off.  “Good,” was all he said.  He went back to the bedroom, and Tony heard the door click shut behind him.  Tony resisted the urge to sag down and instead flipped the tuning dial back to the station with the swing music.  When he turned around, Bucky was back with a neatly folded pair of pants and a white button down shirt.  “Put this on,” he said.  “It should fit you pretty close.  I’ll take you to the tailor’s like I promised on my way to work.  But you can’t go like that.”
Steve’s thoughts felt cloudy as he stood back up, placing the lamp on the table.  Even though there were still nine days until Christmas, the air seemed thick with anticipation, a feeling he associated with the midnight mass on Christmas Eve.  He hadn’t been since before the war — it was a ritual he associated with home, with Ireland and his parents, and after the war — well, he hadn’t seen much point.  The comfort of the ritual had gone; it was hard to find solace in the birth of the savior after seeing the horrific ways people had come up with to kill each other during the war.
The music played on into the night, long after Dr. Erskine had left.  Steve lay on the bunk, alone in the barracks, thinking about what Dr. Erskine had said about understanding the value of compassion.  The ghosts from his past seemed to surround him.  He thought of his ma, always getting up and defying his father, fiercely beautiful with her hair in disarray and blood on her lip.  He’d always thought of her as Scáthach, blond hair flying and blue fire in her eyes, who had trained Cú Chulainn, the greatest knight of the Red Branch.  She had fought her own war in Ireland, forced to flee after the Easter Rising.  He wondered what she would think of this, of her small, sick son taking this chance.
.  I thought he meant something like mine — something you could
He saw the look in Tony’s eyes, staring at another Steve, one that he could only see.  The person he called Cap, who saved the world and protected those who couldn’t always protect themselves, the one he had total faith in.  He saw the heartbreak in Tony’s eyes when he told Steve the blue disc that had saved his life couldn’t save Steve’s but in the next breath promised that something would come along that would cure him.
“You miss him.”
It shattered his heart.
“I appreciate that.”  He met Tony’s eyes again and looked relieved.  “I think we have her belongings — I’ll make sure that Helen has them at the desk for you.  Take all the time you need in here.  No one will need this room until you leave.”  With that, the doctor left, given Tony’s shoulder a squeeze as he walked out.  Tony sat in the chair and looked out the window, the grass still green on the lawn.  A gentle breeze moved through the room with both the window and door opened.
A man stood alone on the bridge, watching them as they walked across the bridge back towards the parking lot.  He had long dark hair that hung in his face and a leather jacket that was surprisingly warm for the day.  He tailed them, staying a long distance away, ambling slowly and taking time to pull out his phone, snapping pictures of the dam, the river, and their license plates.  After the R8 pulled out, he straddled a motorcycle that was also in the parking lot.  A metal left hand grabbed the handlebar, and he gunned the custom throttle on the left with it before dropping the motorcycle into gear, releasing the clutch.  The motorcycle roared, and the tires caught.  He pulled out onto the access road and followed the R8 back to Las Vegas.
,” he finished up, pointing back to himself with his fork.  He went back to eating his biscuits and gravy with an air of grumpy finality.
“I know it feels that way,” Tony said.  “But that still doesn’t make it true.”
“See?  No problem,” Tony said, offering a smile.  “Do you need some new boxers too?”
He even prayed to Loki, who had caused this whole mess in the first place.
“Don’t take Steve’s jokes,” Bucky said with mock severity.  “They’re not good enough.”
Steve put his glass on the ledge of the balcony and pulled Tony close, burying his face in his neck where it met the shoulder.  “I’m not going to make promises I’m not sure I can keep,” he said, his face still buried, and Tony laughed when Steve’s breath brushed across his skin.
“No,” Steve answered, and he huffed a little.  “I’d never seen anything like it.  He was so clever with his hands, and he could fix anything — he told Bucky there wasn’t a thing in the world he couldn’t fix when they first met.  He never told me, but I knew he had to have made the arc reactor.  A man who could make a thing like that?  Something that beautiful that could be used to save his life?”  Steve trailed off and shrugged.
the sincerity clear in his expression.
When the assemble call came, Steve hadn’t been out of the Tower for three weeks and two days, and he’d only started venturing out of his apartment six days ago to go to the gym and spar with Natasha.  Steve wasn’t surprised when she appeared in his apartment, and he reluctantly got into his uniform under her watchful eye.
Steve laughed quietly as he stood.  He grabbed a towel hanging on the side of the dresser by the washbasin and knelt down by the table to sop up the whiskey.  “Don’t play poker when you’re drunk,” he said instead of answering the question.  He carefully swept the glass shards into the towel and bundled them and the towel up into a ball.  Leaning back onto his heels, he looked up into Tony’s face, where his expression was lost to the shadow thrown by the lantern.
Tony was surprised to find he enjoyed the company the others provided.  Bruce was an intellectual companion he hadn’t realized he’d been craving, while Natasha and Clint provided a level of silliness that helped break up the monotony and seriousness that made up most of his waking hours.  He also appreciated the fact that they didn’t push him for things he wasn’t ready to give up.  If he had a shitty board meeting, he could come home and watch TV with his head in Natasha’s lap or go shoot things at the range with Clint.  They didn’t demand answers or explanations.  In fact, most of the time they took one look at him and suggested a distraction.  They were the source of hot cups of coffee or sandwiches in the lab, movies nights on the common floor, and a stability in his life he hadn’t even known he wanted.
It was only because Steve was already looking at Tony that he caught the flicker of shame and regret that flashed over his face before Tony looked down and away, his expression going blank.  Steve also looked away, putting the roll onto the baking sheet.  He braced his hands again, feeling his shoulders tighten as he hung his head.  He studied his hands, looking at where his knuckles were turning white because of how hard he was pushing them into the countertop, before asking, “Do you track this information on everyone?”
The sob welled up within him and escaped before Steve had even processed that it was coming, and he felt the tears on his face, already cold and drying in the wind.  He buried his face in his hands, ashamed.  He was a soldier for fuck’s sake, a veteran of one of the most horrific wars ever fought by mankind.  It was just one more person, right?  And Tony was right — it wasn’t realistic to think he could save everyone.
“What?” Steve asked.  He had no memory of Tony speaking, no idea of how Tony had come to be sitting at his table, Tony’s expression alternately in light and shadow as the flame of the lantern flickered in its glass.
Tony came to the sudden realization as well what Bucky was implying with his comment about Tony watching Steve.  It was not a benign accusation, especially whenever he was.  It was an accusation that could land him in prison, or castrated, or dead.
“I can’t believe you found that.  I could have just given the pitch to you, you know.  I still have it memorized.”
“Ah,” Tony said, “my relationship with my father wasn’t that simple.  My feelings towards him were complicated.”  He paused, considering, before saying, “I still miss my mom every day, but it’s not as sharp.  It’s more that I can feel the contours of the hole her death left in my life than the intense grief of her death.”
Tony was a little surprised at the vehemence in the statement.  “I don’t think they’re allowed to do that.”
Tony had absolutely no idea how he would tell Steve.
Bucky took another slurp of his coffee before using the mug to gesture to Tony.  “Tell the man thank you.  He came up with it all on his own.”
Tony shrugged, discomfited by the sincerity in Steve’s voice.  “Hey, you only turn twenty-one once, right?  We ought to have some fun while we can.  Who knows what’ll happen?”  He clapped Steve on the back, always surprised by how his shoulder blade poked through, easy to feel through Steve’s thin shirt.
Steve could feel his ghosts gather around him: his ma, Bucky, and Tony, as they travelled with him deeper into the canyon.  They remained close throughout the 14 mile trip, and Steve could feel them crowding around as he pitched his tent at the Bright Angel Campground, with the Colorado River roaring just beyond.
But the other part of his mind knew that was all a bunch of bullshit.  This Steve also took up more space than he should with his small frame.  Tony had seen it the second he’d looked up to see Steve peering down at him in the alley.  This Steve had taken control of the situation, and he had no doubt that, when he walked back into the apartment, Steve would have some kind of plan to get him back on his feet.  This Steve had offered to bring Tony home, to help him and take care of him, even when he had barely enough for himself.
Steve walked back down the street to stand in front of his old building.  The bakery storefront had been split into two different shops: an insurance office and a small coffee shop with a sign out front advertising that they roast their own beans.  Even though he hadn’t been inside, Steve was positive someone had renovated the building, turning the railroad apartments into more conventional layouts.
“You realized you loved him when he refused to give you the arc reactor out of his chest?” she echoed, the skepticism clear in her voice.
Tony shrugged and leaned back, shooting for nonchalance.  “Sure, if you prefer.”
Loki had sent him back to the Great Depression, some time towards the end judging by Steve’s age.  Tony couldn’t fathom why, although he supposed it didn’t really matter.  He did find it hard to believe, however, that it was random chance that Steve had come upon him moments later.  What was it that Loki had said?
Bucky.
The bio form even helpfully named the thing in Tony’s chest as a miniaturized arc reactor.  It included a picture of the metal armor called the Iron Man suit.  Steve spent hours looking at the form, tracing the outlines of the figures in the pictures, unable to open the file.  He knew they were the same person — they had to be.  After seeing the Tesseract rip open the heavens and tear Schmidt away, Steve knew that anything was possible — but time travel?  Steve’s mind rebelled against the concept even as he was aware he hardly knew enough to have an opinion.  It was also hard to maintain his skepticism knowing that he himself had been born in 1918 and had survived being frozen for almost 70 years.
It had never occurred to him that getting what he’d always wanted might be more complicated than he thought.
“God, Tony, you were so sick, I was sure you were going to die.  And then when it happened here—?” Steve choked up, the words caught in his throat.  Tears spilled down his cheeks.  “I couldn’t watch it a second time.  I thought I could — but I —“
“It doesn’t matter what I want,” Steve answered after a long pause.  He could feel the rise and fall of Natasha’s chest beneath his arm, the small shifts she made as she got comfortable.  She settled into his space so definitively without asking, and Steve realized he felt a little more calm with her there.  The weight of having to make at least that one decision — whether she should stay or go — was lifted, and the difference was very noticeable to Steve.
he corrected himself.
“I —“ Tony started, only to realize there was no good answer to that question.  “Look, I just want you to be happy here.  Now.  Whatever.”  He stopped, squeezing his eyes closed for a moment.  He opened them, asking, “Is there something I should be doing to help you more?  Set up your groceries on a schedule so they just come?  Add the stuff we keep down here to your order so you have them in your kitchen too?”
“Uh,” Tony answered, fumbling for an appropriate response.  He settled on a half-truth.  “I have a heart condition.  It keeps me alive.”
Tony gently placed the tags back against Steve’s chest and felt Steve’s fingers brush against his bare skin.  “God, Tony, you were so sick.  I was sure you were going to die.  And then when it happened here —?”  He shook his head, pulling away.  “I couldn’t watch it a second time.  I thought I could — but I—”
Bucky slept heavily on the couch for the rest of the night, curled into Steve.  At dawn, he woke up.  Steve watched in silence as he got ready, carefully washing up and shaving, his eyes darting to watch Steve in the mirror.  Steve pressed his shirt and tie while he was getting ready and helped him dress, a reversal of what they had done the night before.
“She knows it’s hard for you to talk about,” Steve said after a pause.  “She said when she was little, you didn’t like it when she asked you about it.  So she stopped asking.”
Steve shrugged.  “I’m not worried about it.”
When he saw the first advertisement for the Stark Expo, Steve knew that he and Bucky had to go.  The advertisement was a poster stapled to a light post, and Steve ripped it off to take home.  He studied it the whole way, almost running into multiple people and stationary objects as he hurried back.  It was mid-afternoon when Steve got home, and Bucky was still asleep.  He left the poster on the kitchen table and waited in the living room for Bucky to get up, staring at the silent radio.
Which made it all the more painful when Tony wanted to talk about his eating habits in front of everyone.
,” Natasha whispered into his hair.  “He’s still the same man.  He just thinks he has something better to offer you than himself.  Money.  Things.  He thinks those material things he can give you are worth so much more.  But he’s wrong.”
“Last time I listen to you.”  But the walk back to the car was uneventful.  They got in the R8 and pulled away from the parking lot, Tony making the tires kick up gravel while Steve craned around to take one last look at the bridge and the dam.
Steve shrugged, the barest lift of his shoulders.  “The ones who were there a long time.”
Tony’s breathing filled the room in the dark, and Steve tried to ignore it, acutely aware that the other man was struggling to fall asleep.  He wanted nothing more than to crawl into the hospital bed next to Tony and gather him into his chest.  Steve imagined it happening, the images overlaid with the memories of his birthday.  Steve could gently pull off Tony’s t-shirt, somehow untangling it from the IV and the wires from the pulse ox, EKG leads, and blood pressure cuff.  Steve’s arm would be warm against Tony’s side, his fingers resting on the smooth metal casing of the arc reactor, bare skin touching from shoulder to fingertips.  He could bury his nose into Tony’s hair, smelling the hot metal and coconut that always seemed to surround Tony.  Steve could finally relax that way — completely relax in a way he hadn’t in this century.  Even sick, Tony would watch over him, the way he had before.
He shook his head before storming back into the apartment.  The man in the uniform had taken off his hat and tucked it under his arm, the distaste back on his face at Steve’s interruption.  “As I was saying,” he said in a haughty tone, “you’ll get your orders in two weeks.  You have until then to get your affairs in order.  If you don’t present to the draft board at that time, you will be considered AWOL, and the military police will take you in for desertion.  I suggest you show up.”
It was a beautiful clear October day, at odds with the somber affair of laying a loved one to rest.  The crowd at the Evergreens Cemetery was much smaller, and Tony and Bucky maintained their positions on either side of Steve.  He threw in a handful of dirt when prompted and watched them lower the casket into the ground with tears in his eyes.
Too many choices, wrapped up in too many difficult emotions.
“A heart condition?” Steve asked, a little breathless.  “What kind of heart condition?”
He was a fighter, they told him.  He’d survived.
Steve leaned back a little, looking down at Tony, and he cupped Tony’s face in his hands, running his fingers over the scars on his neck and face.  “You are so beautiful to me,” he said, his voice rough, his Brooklyn accent coming out.  “You always were.”
“Did you know, I can remember them building the Chrysler building?” Steve said, cutting him off.  “I was ten years old when they finished it.  It was a race between the Empire State building and the Chrysler building.  I was secretly glad it won, because I thought it was much prettier.  It was the tallest building in the world for almost a year, until they finished the Empire State building.”
Bucky stood transfixed, breathing slowly, as he watched the smoke gather around the engine.  Steve could see he was pale, and he would have bet good money his hands were shaking, which is why Bucky had them shoved in his pockets.  Bucky turned, looking down at Steve, and it was only for a moment that Bucky let Steve see the flash of panic, the fear that had followed him home in the dark hours earlier that morning.  Then it was gone, and Bucky pulled off his hat, wiping a small amount of sweat from his forehead with his jacket sleeve before replacing it.
Steve suddenly realized that Bruce, Natasha, and Clint were still there.  He turned around to look at them, feeling for all the world like Tony was going to sucker punch him while he wasn’t looking.  “Do I?”
“They’re fine — they just need a little touching up,” Steve replied, looking over at them.
“I can go,” Steve offered.  “She is my mother after all.”
“The problem he’s trying to make go away,” Natasha enunciated, “isn’t
“A heart condition,” Steve said, his voice faint.  He rolled over, burying his face into Natasha’s stomach.  “He told me he had a
before he died or disappeared or whatever happened.  Tony had given him hope, that maybe he wouldn’t be alone forever once Bucky married, which of course didn’t happen either.  And with Tony gone and Bucky dead, Steve had crashed the Valkyrie into the Arctic Ocean.
This was harder than he’d expected.
Where had the man Steve had met in Brooklyn come from?
It wasn’t hard to fill in the gaps that Tony didn’t explain: candles lit at Christmas for familial happiness, a father more interested in success than in his child, the retreat into the desert to get away from everything Tony had known before.  Steve may have wanted for a lot as he’d grown up — it was poverty and starvation that had driven his family from Ireland in 1848, when he was only nine years old.  But he’d never felt unloved, never felt the relief at the death of one parent sharply contrasted with grief at the death of the other.  His body may have been wracked by malnutrition and constant illness — but at least he’d never doubted his family’s love and support.
So... I thought this was done, but obviously my brain had other ideas.  But good news!  As of posting, I have 18,428 words written for the next (last?) story!  I'll post it as soon as it's within striking distance of being done.  Thank you all for the love for this story and the series!! I appreciate it so much!!
“Are you
Finally they reached the tailor, who also did laundry, and Bucky banged on the door in a syncopated rhythm hard enough to rattle the bell inside.  It took a couple of minutes, but a tall, slender, dark-haired man about Bucky’s age appeared at the door.  He beamed at Bucky through the glass before unlocking the door and ushering them both in.
His orders had been clear — they were always clear: to return back to San Francisco, to the chair and the tank, so they could put him back in cryostasis once his mission was completed.  But when he’d seen these two at the airport, something had seemed off.  The further he got away from the cryo tank and the chair, from his handlers, from the mission — the more his instincts troubled him.  The two men were — familiar, for lack of a better term — and the soldier wasn’t used to that feeling.   Nothing was supposed to be familiar — the chair made certain of that.  And so he’d broken off and not followed his orders.
The quiet of the cemetery as they sat under that tree and Steve told him about his ma.  Trying to explain why he picked fights and got beaten up in alleys.  Why, thanks to his ma, he didn’t know how to stay down, how to not fight against bullies, how to keep his mouth shut.
“I guess so,” Tony replied.  He sighed and turned to Steve, who still looked out over the city.  “I’m sorry, Steve,” he said.  “I was trying to help — I really was — but I see how it was kind of invasive.”
Glancing up from his phone, Tony paused in his typing.  “You okay there, Spangles?”
Tony realized his mistake and closed his eyes briefly.  “I have metal shards in my chest,” Tony recited slowly, his eyes still closed, “from an explosion.”  He could smell Steve: a mix of sweat and beer, the golden tang of skin warmed by the sun, and the hint of Ivory soap underneath that.  Steve’s breath was coming quicker, and Tony could feel it across the skin around the reactor.  Steve’s fingertips were also still on the metal casing, and their warmth seemed to burn the skin over his left pectoral.  “It keeps the shards from going too far into my heart and killing me.”
The fever dreams, and the last thing Steve had said to him: I love you, and I can’t lose you too.
“Do you want to see?”  The earnest look was back, and Tony felt his heart flip a little in his chest.   Somehow, he’d thought over the years that Steve would have stopped having that effect on him — the ability to surprise Tony with his vivacity, to find the beauty in small things.  Even when he had been out of his mind with grief, when he’d first been found, Steve had always had those moments — finding something to ground himself with, something everyone else had overlooked.  He knew how to slow Tony down, to get him to reengage: a snack when he’d been working too long, a game with DUM-E, a little doodle.
He looked up, elated, only to realize he was alone.  There was no one to celebrate with, no one who had known the struggles that had led up to this moment.  No one who had seen his lows and helped him through them.  No one who had seen the days when he could barely drag himself back up again.  It was just him and the body of the German spy.
Tony gave him a skeptical look in return.  “You know how to —”  He paused, making a gesture with his hand that could have meant anything from ‘make something like that’ to ‘I don’t know how to finish this sentence without accidentally insulting you,’ before continuing with “— do needlepoint?”
“I definitely recognize his type.”
Steve looked up, startled, and Tony was a little startled himself when he leaned closer to see what Steve was doing.  He had a large needle in one hand and a sock, of all things, in the other.  The needle was threaded with heavy navy thread, almost but not quite the same shade as the sock.  Steve had shoved something in the heel of the sock, giving it a rounded shape and accentuating the hole in the heel.  He’d used the thread to cover the hole with a series of parallel stitches, left loose so that the heel of the sock retained its shape, and was now about halfway through weaving stitches running perpendicular to the first set he’d made.
He was darning socks again.  His hands moved quickly, weaving the heavy thread around the weak area of the heel, and he finished a sock in about ten minutes before moving onto the next.  Tony flashed back to Steve’s look when he’d taken the socks away from him at the tower and thrown him away.  Shame washed over him; that activity looked a lot different in the tenement apartment, with two men who clearly were trying as hard as they could to keep it together in what was the worst economic downturn in American history.
“You — you don’t know how to darn socks?” Steve replied, the surprise evident in his voice.
But he hadn’t forgotten.  It stayed with him, even now.  The sounds, the feeling, the knowledge that he was helpless even with the gifts Dr. Erskine had given him.
Tony and Bucky were roughly the same height, and Bucky stared straight into Tony’s eyes.   Tony didn’t move, willing himself to stay relaxed.  They stood that way, neither backing down, even when Steve turned in his chair, making the legs scrape across the tile.  Finally, the corner of Bucky’s mouth moved up, a grin spreading its way across his lips from one side to the other.  “James Buchanan Barnes,” he said, apparently satisfied with what he saw, “but everyone calls me Bucky.”  He extended his hand.
“Maybe don’t gawk at how much money you have next time,” Jim murmured, falling into step beside him. “An omega traveling alone, with a purse full of money? You’re an easy target.”
Tony turned and buried his face in Jarvis’s chest with a quiet sob. “Oh Jarvis-! How can I leave you like this? After all you’ve done for me!”
“My name’s James,” the alpha told him, taking hold of the cart and pushing it with ease. “James Rhodes. My friends call me Jim.”
Reed shrugged uncomfortably. “Listen,” he shouted over the engine, and took a corner perhaps a little too fast. “I know I’m not good at this socializing thing. I only do it for Susan. But I don’t like the Stanes, and I don’t like alphas that harass omegas who want nothing to do with them. And I
Tony could have sworn that his heart did an excited flip in his chest at the thought that Steve was doing the exact same thing he was, reading his letters over and over as he waited impatiently for the next one. “Oh. Me too.”
He might have, unfortunately, punished Steve a little with a fib for his less-than-stellar correspondence.
Susan was as lovely as ever. Reed was… Reed.
Jim looked surprised, then helplessly amused. “I wish
Obadiah hated Reed Richards and the Storm family. Tony had foolishly expected them to turn down the invitation. He should have known better—as soon as Obadiah learned that Tony had accepted the invitation, of course he was going to send Ezekiel to bring him to heel. He’d probably be bullied into going to another of Tiberius’s parties, where he’d be forced to hang on Ezekiel’s arm and pretend to be too dumb and doe-eyed to understand what the alphas were talking about.
“We need wine,” Jan decided. “Mr. Jarvis, I know it’s early—”
Jan leapt on the admission immediately. “Did you find someone?! Are you considering an alpha?!”
“You’re glowing like a rose,” Jarvis said, and Ana politely covered her mouth to try and hide her giggling.
He’d thought it had been a fun joke, not an actual escape from a marriage Tony hadn’t wanted.
Tony couldn’t help going a little teary eyed. He and Hank got along alright, but it was definitely one of those ‘he’s courting my friend’ and ‘he’s the friend of the omega I’m courting’ things. To know that he cared enough to offer this, when Obadiah could do so much to hurt him and his research… Even if he was only doing it because he cared for Jan, it was showing a lot of loyalty. He hoped that Jan hung onto Hank, because even though he was incredibly awkward in formal settings, he was proving how much he’d give for her if only to have the chance to love her.
“Thank you, gentlemen, I do so appreciate this,” another voice said.
sorry for what I said earlier. And I hope you have a plan because I sure as hell didn’t beyond ‘get Tony away from the party.’”
“…So,” Steve tried again, then stopped and closed his eyes to sigh at himself in frustration. “I’m so bad at this.”
Obadiah to take over his finances. It made sense; his parents had had a lot of stocks and bonds, and Obadiah had the business savvy to take care of his interests. Tony would continue living in his parents’ mansion, and Obadiah would take care of his money until he found a suitable spouse. Jarvis, of course, had stayed on to take care of him—Obadiah couldn’t be expected to do
Tony smiled back at him shyly. He thought, in different circumstances, they might have been very good friends. Maybe they still could be, in the future. Maybe once he’d been married to Steve long enough that Obadiah couldn’t contest the marriage, he could chance sending people letters. Maybe Victor wouldn’t mind corresponding with him.
Victor looked back and forth between them, looking so completely out of his depth that it was almost funny, except for the fact that he’d been calling her ‘Janice’ since they’d met. “It’s her name. Why wouldn’t I call her by her name?”
“Really,” Ana replied, smiling. “I flirted. I up sold. I assured him that the olive green went with his skin tone and the salmon pink highlighted his eyes. I used every compliment I knew—and a few I made up on the spot. Edwin kept looking at this silver and blue tie, but I insisted. The green and salmon. The shop owner got tired of watching me, and once he was gone, Edwin told me he’d take the tie, but only if I agreed to go on a date with him. He was charming, and so handsome, and my mother always told me I was much too reckless. So I agreed.
“You really
Tony’s breath hitched, and he allowed himself to hope, drawing himself to sit up straight. “So this isn’t—isn’t something that would make you change your mind?”
Luckily, Greer didn’t look put out by it, with the way she laughed at him. “Alright. But you can definitely take more than one if you want!”
Tony took the other bag from Ana’s shaking hand and allowed them to gently push him toward the door. Reed reached out to take the bags, looking pained, and carried them to his car. Tony turned and gave Jarvis one last kiss and lingering hug before turning to step out the door. He would never be able to come home after this.
“With a wagon that has an anvil in it,” Steve replied, amusement clear in his tone. “You said you could ride in your first letter. It’s much faster riding on a horse than in a wagon.”
“No,” Steve choked out, startled, and Tony couldn’t help a slightly hysterical laugh at the horrified expression on his face.
she answered immediately, cutting through the thick feeling he’d been swimming in.
“You… trust the people who see this chart?” Jarvis asked after a moment. It pained him to distrust Jan, after everything she had done to help Tony, but they couldn’t risk this getting back to Obadiah. Who knew what he would do if he discovered what was happening?
“I’m taking my tea because I
“If only it was you who gets to make that choice,” Tony sniffed, smiling, eyes hot with tears. He swallowed thickly, turning his head to dry his eyes on his sleeve and managing a slightly upbeat, “And who would you let me marry, anyway? You’re even more protective than Father was.”
“You’ve done all you could,” Ana told her gently. “Because it’s all that Anthony would allow you to do. You would have been overstepping if you’d done more. It’s not your fault that Anthony’s stubborn. You threw yourself into this endeavor wholeheartedly and Anthony will always love you for your help. Please don’t feel badly that you didn’t do enough. You’re just a child, too, and an omega one. There was nothing more that could have been done.”
“Oh, thank you,” Tony told him, unable to help a smile before he turned to the man at the counter. “May I have one ticket to Timely, please? In a Pullman car.”
“Very well,” Jarvis acknowledged. “We’ll be waiting in the kitchen for you.”
Tony took a moment to mourn the fact that the lacy negligee wasn’t for him, nor the pretty satin robe and petticoat on her other dress forms. “That’s not what I’m worried about.”
Victor opened his mouth, then shut it again, apparently unable to find fault with her reasoning. “Yes,” he offered reluctantly. “I suppose we do.”
Tony sat down at the table again and picked up his pen, finally sure of what he wanted to say.
“Yes, well, not marrying you before I bring you into my house isn’t really an option,” Steve admitted, shrugging uncomfortably. “No one here would think less of you for it, of course, especially since we’ve only just met in person, but I’d probably always have nightmares of my ma rising from the grave to smack me to death with a wooden spoon for the impropriety.”
“We’ll make your excuses,” Obadiah said, covering his mouth with a handkerchief, and stomped out.
“One of these days she’s going to decide you’re not cute enough to forgive,” Jarvis said mildly. He began to eat again and carefully didn’t wince when he realized his food had gone cold.
Tony thought of Hank, who willingly sat and listened to Jan rant about fashion and fabric; and Reed, who for all his faults looked at Sue like she hung the sun, moon, and stars; and he thought of Steve, of the letters validating Tony’s concerns, his doubts and fears and loss, and praising his bravery despite those things. “Well… not all of them…”
‘I really hope this works,’ he thought, perhaps even prayed, as he put the nib of his pen to his stationery.
“Thanks, Victor,” Tony said sincerely.
Tony figured it was Victor because of the accent and wondered if it were possible to melt, because if there was one thing you could count on Victor for, it was to lose his temper if he even
Tony choked back a sob. “I wouldn’t have done it without you, Jarvis. You and Ana. I’m like this because of you.”
Jan’s eyes filled with new tears even as she whispered, “Thank you, Daddy.” Then she leaned down to press her lips to the crown of Tony’s head as he continued to cry into her lap.
“Maybe they’ll translate,” Tony suggested, but he wasn’t hopeful. The allowance they received from Obadiah wasn’t really enough to be able to experiment. They had to eat what he cooked, and if what he made was inedible, they went hungry that night.
“But Obadiah will be watching the train stations now,” Tony whispered, shaking. “And he’ll have someone waiting outside the gates for the chance to snatch me up anyway now that I’ve shown I was planning to escape. Oh, Jan, I never even got the chance to learn how to make pound cake for Steve,” he moaned around a hitch of breath.
“Thank you, Samantha,” Tony said after a moment. “I do appreciate that.”
The train ride to Chicago was long, long enough that Victor had sprung for Tony to have a spot in the Pullman car. Tony appreciated the foresight, even though he found he couldn’t sleep, only managing fitful little naps that ended with a startled gasp as he imagined Obadiah or the men he had hired finding him. He was almost certain that when he was finally at Steve’s ranch, he’d lie down and not get up for a full twenty-four hours at least. The past few days had been exhausting, and while he’d go on as long as he had to, the tiredness was sinking deep into his bones.
“I suppose,” Jarvis began, looking pained.
“Ezekiel might be there,” Tony replied immediately.
Tony kept the drawing on hand. He couldn’t stop looking at it. It was beautiful, and the scene it depicted was so incredibly charming. He wished he could frame it, but he was afraid someone would notice it and ask about it, and he felt uncomfortable making up a story for it—not when it was given to him with such sweet intentions.
“It’s not funny, Tony!” Jan bellowed as he laughed so hard, he almost dropped his teacup. “Stop laughing!”
“I’m sorry, Miss,” Samantha said contritely, frowning. “But they insist it’s addressed to the right person.”
“Take me home!” Tony answered. “I’ll figure out what to do there!”
“Thank you, Jim,” Tony said again, and wondered if he’d ever know how much he meant it. “I hope yours is pleasant, too.”
“Once you have bread perfected, you can make mostly anything with it,” Jarvis said, cutting through his thoughts, and Tony focused on kneading again. “Pot pie crusts, rolls, soft pretzels… You can make a slurry of cinnamon and sugar and make cinnamon rolls…”
Tony wished he’d gotten to take a sip of his drink, he lamented as he fled out of the room, sprinting past the coatroom because he couldn’t afford to stop. He really needed one.
Tony carefully, casually ducked his hand, letting out a nervous laugh. “Don’t let Jan hear you say that.”
“…Why,” Steve began, then shrugged it off, apparently not concerned. “I’m sure we could always use an anvil. Is that it?” he asked, pointing up the platform to where the porters had put the luggage.
Jarvis cleared his throat loudly. He raised his eyebrows at her, frowning, expectant.
Tony twisted his bracelet around his wrist, frowning. It had been one of his mother’s, a gold bangle with a trio of pink pearls on it. He stared at his bracelet for a long moment before he looked up and said, “I really don’t want to be alone right now.”
“OKAY,” Steve snapped back, spinning toward the stairs. Then he stopped, a breathy, ‘what the hell’ escaping his lips.
“Not as sorry as I,” Edwin answered quietly.
Jan pursed her lips, unwilling to concede. Then she smirked, smug. “
They wisely took the tea without a word.
Jan paused when she heard his breath hitch, then ran a hand up and down his back. “Are you okay, Tony?”
“Tony noooo!” Jan shouted, turning to run, but she was giggling.
get to control things, you get hurt. That’s just life, Anthony. Don’t draw your suffering out.”
“I’ll get a wet cloth,” Jarvis said. “And have Ana bring up some crackers.”
Jarvis paused, thoughtful, then slowly replied, “I could… show you how to make a roast.”
There was a group of younger people tittering nearby, but they scattered when Steve raised an eyebrow at them. It exposed a small farm wagon, but there were no horses attached to it. There was a large bench mounted at the front, and the rear had nothing in it but for a few wooden crates. Steve swung his carpet bags over the side to tuck under the bench with ease, and then turned to return to the platform.
“It’ll be weird if you have three trunks,” Tony insisted for the fifth time.
“I will arm myself with other ammunition,” Ana informed him solemnly.
Tony took her hand. “A pleasure to meet you, Greer. I’m Tony.”
“Sure,” Steve replied with a shrug, unrepentant. “None as engaging as you, though. From the very start, it felt like you wanted to know me personally, not just what I could provide for you. Not that that’s a bad thing, of course, especially if an omega is going to travel to be with me, but you were the first omega who offered to take on a job if I asked it of you.” He turned to flash Tony a smile. “And you kept writing to me even after my first letter. I’m man enough to admit I struggle with putting my feelings to paper, and many omegas were discouraged by it. But you didn’t give up on me.” He paused, then asked, “I’m sure you had other alphas vying for your attention, though.”
He could hear Jan ranting and raving as they opened the doors to pull the trunks from her motorcar, screeching about how she would be late and look here, if she missed her train they’d be hearing from her lawyers. Tony was reluctantly amused by how her voice raised in pitch when one of the cops yelped and dropped something, screeching, “If you damage my dress form, I will murder you where you stand! Daddy!
They watched her go before turning to face each other again, awkward. Hank kept turning his hat in his hands. Tony fidgeted with his jacket.
To Jan and Tony’s surprise, Victor coughed and blushed a little. “Well… Maybe not all of them.”
“Well…” Jarvis hummed, tilting his head. “That’s just how long it takes me. It will probably take you longer since you’re not used to it. You can tell you’re finished kneading when the dough is nice and smooth. And if you’re still unsure, you can always poke it with your finger. If the hole fills in quickly, it’s done; if the dent obviously stays, you need to keep at it.”
Ana shrugged, reaching out to smooth his hair out of his eyes. “Just… if anyone ever asked how you met him, what would you say?”
Obadiah looked livid, but he also knew better than to question Jarvis on what was and was not proper. Jarvis held propriety in high regard. Even Ezekiel didn’t tangle with him, and Ezekiel had little regard for anything but the allowance he got from his father.
He wouldn’t lie and say he wasn’t nervous, because he was, a lot. He’d practiced with Jan and could unscrew the lock from inside by feel so he could get it open, but that was only if his trunk weren’t on the bottom of a pile of luggage. If that happened, he could only count on the two small holes on each end that her father had drilled for air. Jan had called the train station and they’d estimated the trip to Maine would be at least six hours, maybe longer, since she didn’t know which exact stop. He was scared of being locked in a trunk for that long.
Jan smiled smugly. “Of course you do. I’m an artist.”
“No,” Edwin said softly, sounding so defeated.
He felt Jan hesitate before she grabbed one of his hands and gave it a squeeze, whispering back, “I am, too.”
“Oh,” Tony said, perking up at the idea. He hesitated after some thought. All he had were the large bills that Victor had given him, and he didn’t really want to let that information be known. “That’s really alright? I don’t have a lot of money to spare right now, and—”
Jarvis moved around the door immediately, coming over to kneel beside his chair and pull him into his arms. “You’re doing your best.”
“Every lawyer I’ve met with has said I need a beta or alpha to control my money,” Tony murmured, setting his cutlery down as well and folding his hands in his lap. “They said I could have had guardianship written over to you when I was younger, but… now he’s so enmeshed with my finances that he could just say he lost most of it in business dealings. I was stupid not to keep track of my own money,” he spat, curling his hands into fists.
“I’ve ruined everything,” Tony whispered.
Jan wasn’t too bothered. The beta had been sweet, but she’d seen how smitten Tony was with Steve. She’d known that Tony jumped into things wholeheartedly and feet-first and just hoped for the best. As soon as Steve had sent Tony that drawing, Tony’s mind had been made up–he just hadn’t realized it yet.
It was honestly the best interaction he’d had at the entire party.
“Thank you, Janet. I really appreciate it. I appreciate
“Why that slimy, miserable old miser!” Jan seethed, stomping the length of her room and back again. “That stupid old baboon! That—that
tell us stories about your life growing up,” Jan insisted, leaning her chin on her hand. “You sound like you were a real firecracker.”
“Your nubile young body?” Jan suggested.
what you’re focused on when
Tony came at her with both doughy hands. “I’m going to wipe these all over your shirt.”
Jarvis gave him the gentlest of shoves over the threshold and whispered, “Don’t look back, Tony.”
Tony stared up at him, awed. It sounded so much like Steve’s letters—he’d only wanted to be accepted for who he was, swearing and all, and he’d insisted that he’d accept Tony as he was, even as he learned how to live on the range, too. It seemed that Steve was just as sincere in real life.
“Yes, you do that, Janet,” Victor told her. “On the other hand, I can’t believe I’ve been calling you ‘Janice’ for two years and not one single person has corrected me! They all knew I was talking about you but they never said ‘actually her name is Janet!’” He frowned at Tony severely. “Not even
“What if it doesn’t rise again?” Tony asked worriedly. He’d had that problem with the first batch. He hadn’t proofed his yeast properly. He wouldn’t make that mistake again. But what if by some miracle he
He should ask what Steve’s other favorite foods were. He was supposed to cook for him, after all. He’d gotten bread down, and he could roast a chicken, and Jarvis had shown him how to make a chicken spread to put on a slice of toast, but… Steve would definitely get tired of chicken and bread. He was a rancher, after all. He must eat a lot of beef.
“What is your father doing, Ms. Van Dyne?” Tony heard the driver say, voice once again safely muffled by the trunk.
Tony had been hidden in Jan’s room for two days when a telegram arrived.
“And you have no idea how proud that makes us, darling,” Ana replied, tears in her eyes even though she was smiling, as she gently pulled him into a tight hug as well. “We’ve sent word. Janet’s father is expecting you. The Stanes won’t be able to get to you there.”
Tony took a moment to compose himself, then put his hand on the handle of the cart his trunk was on. He’d let the porter go so he could attend to other travelers, because the Chicago train station was bustling with activity and he didn’t want to hold anyone up while he figured out where to go. They all looked so busy, though. Tony frowned nervously. He didn’t want to leave his trunk unattended—he didn’t even know what Jan had put in it, and his heart ached at the thought of someone perhaps snatching it up—but all of the porters looked very busy, arms full of baggage or pushing large carts with trunks on them. But he also wanted to get to the ticket counter quickly, because what if the train that passed through Timely left soon? He didn’t want to miss it and have to wait longer.
“Everything is moving too quickly,” Tony repeated softly. “This is only Steve’s third letter to me and we’re planning our house, and he’s telling me what my day would be like, and what we’d do together, and what life on the ranch will be like for me. I don’t know anything about him, not really. How can I marry someone I don’t know?”
“Edwin,” Ana said gently, sounding so, so sad. “Edwin, he doesn’t have much time.”
One of the maids announced Hank before Tony could say anything else (mostly “Janet, no!”), and Tony was immediately mortified. “Jan! You didn’t tell me you had a date with Hank! I’ll leave—”
Jarvis leaned back to brush a hand through Tony’s hair, frowning. “Do you need to go back to bed, Anthony?”
Tony nodded, pushing it to the back of his mind. He hated to ask Jan for anything, even though he knew she would willingly hand over anything he asked for. It made him feel like he was taking advantage of her, even though he knew that if the roles were reversed, he would give Jan anything she needed as well. He would try this first, without having to depend on her generosity. She’d always said he was stubborn and independent to a fault, so he was really only living up to her expectations by doing this.
“I’m sure,” Tony agreed. He glanced between them for a moment before leaning in and whispering, “I doubt Janet would mind. At all.”
Jan had wanted to give him something bigger, something with meat and cheese to ‘get him through the trip.’ Tony would forever remember the crushed look on her face when he’d told her that he knew hunger and would prefer not to be given anything at all, nerves tying his stomach in knots along with the fear of having to relieve himself and being unable to. The half-full thermos of water and the cucumber sandwich had been a compromise. And Tony would never admit it to Jan, but once some of the terror bled off and hope was fluttering bright and high in his chest, he was starving.
Jan scowled back at him. “Don’t throw this back on me! As if I saw you enough to take you aside and tell you that you had my name wrong! You were always surrounded by alphas trying to catch your eye and I didn’t want to embarrass you in front of them. Omegas need to stick together, after all.”
circumstance would change his mind.”
Ana leaned back and stared at him, stunned silent, then let out a sigh and hid her face again.
Steve raised an eyebrow, still smiling. “Can’t say I mind that much. I’m the one you chose to marry, after all.”
Jan lifted her chin magnanimously. “Reed will live another day.”
Tony nearly sagged to his knees as soon as he read the telegram. He never thought that so few words could fill him with such relief, hope fluttering cautiously in his rib cage. He read it again, just to be sure, then held the telegram to his chest, letting out a shuddering breath that bordered on a sob.
And taking care of the house? He could do that. If he had all day to do it, he could probably even manage to make his work look passable. Steve had said he could entertain, too, so… so maybe if Tony made friends, he could do that. Steve seemed to really want him to like Timely and the people in it, so he would probably make friends to spend time with. Surely someone would be his friend. He hoped he didn’t come off as stuck-up. He’d heard that sometimes city manners didn’t translate well in the west. Hopefully the people of the town were as kind as Steve himself was.
Tony was quiet for a few moments before he hesitantly asked, “What do you mean?”
“I mean… he shouldn’t have, no, but the face he made when Jan asked him to repeat what he said was funny,” Tony admitted. “I thought all the blood just drained from his body.”
Steve wanted him to come. He had somewhere to go where he could be safe. He’d believed Steve would, of course, because they’d been discussing it, but never under these circumstances, never because he was actively fleeing people. He’d worried that Steve would realize just how much baggage he’d be coming with. Steve was smart, after all—Tony had tried to keep his living conditions vague, but what else could someone think when they got an emergency telegram that said ‘had to leave home suddenly’ when he’d admitted he had no money? But that hadn’t stopped Steve at all, had seemed to only firm his resolve, if he was going to be waiting at the train station for him to arrive without any idea of when that would be.
They ate in silence, and it wasn’t awkward, but… it was tense. Tony was mulling over his remaining options (frighteningly few, and most of them dramatic), and Jarvis was cutting his bacon, eggs, and toast into teeny tiny pieces and chewing on them way too long for what he’d cut them down to. Ana let them sit in silence, instead writing a few extra groceries onto her list—honey, first and foremost, because her husband would probably continue to make Tony tea, and Tony would continue to love her husband too much to say anything about it.
Rage and disgust burned heavy and hot in his breast. Tony gulped down a breath to try and calm himself down, but his blood was pounding in his ears in anger. How dare Ezekiel touch him like this in front of all of his friends! How dare Ezekiel presume that Tony was his fiancée, especially without the courtesy of asking him! How dare Ezekiel speak to and treat him like a petulant child who was throwing a tantrum!
Tony picked up the scrap of paper with a splash of yellow paint on it again, humming thoughtfully. Steve liked lemon chiffon yellow.
Ana frowned. Edwin didn’t usually snap about her cutting personal ads out of the paper, nor did he usually turn his back on her when he was obviously upset. She stood up and walked over to gently place her hands on his tense shoulders. “Not good news, then?”
Tony looked back down at the dough he was working, cheeks flushing a rosy pink. His first instinct was to deny it, but… he’d had more hope in the last few months than he had for previous
“Okay.” Tony turned and looked into the mirror of his vanity, at his sharp jaw and cheekbones, and long lashes over dark eyes. He’d taken after Howard a lot. He wished he could have taken after him in orientation, too.
Tony tried to pull away and almost managed it, but then Ezekiel’s fingers bit into his flesh again, and he let out a deep growl. “Get off me!” Tony shouted, startling him into actually letting go, because he’d never done anything but demurely suffer through his attentions before. He threw the drinks into Ezekiel’s face and fled as he screamed, the alcohol burning his eyes.
“Please, I just—need to get this out,” Tony cut in, looking back up at him with all the regret he could muster. He was pretty sure he only had the strength to say it once. He’d never had to, before. Everyone in New York had come to know his circumstances through the grapevine, after all.
