"How old were you when he did that, Sherlock?" John bit back the growl that rumbled in his chest, his nostrils flaring in rage. Seething, glowing rage.
"Sherl, what's wrong?" Janine knelt in front of him, giving the soldiers nearby them an apologetic toothy smile.
Sherlock shivered, the night air chilled as he sat in the sand, holding his knees to his chest, shuddering as the roar of engines filled the sky, nobody dared sleep, and Sherlock watched the stars with intent, searching for those bloody planes, for a reason to fall into the sand and cover his helmet. 4 bloody days on this beach would do that to someone.
"We should go back," Came a concerned voice from the back and Sherlock shook his head, looking towards Moran, his mind flashing with an idea.
"to the bride and groom!"
Sherlock bit his knuckles, eyes closed, pressed into the corner of the washroom, ducked under the washbasin and curled into a ball. Sobs wracked through his body but he couldn't make any noise. He was so fucking weak.
"MINE!"
"You aren't concerned, you're controlling, now get out of my house!"
"6 months," Sherlock whispered, eyes glowing a sweet blue sadness.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Sherlock nodded and sipped at his water. The waitress came with menus, and Sherlock gave John an affirming smile.
"Sherl, what are you doing here?" he mumbled, squinting to see him clearly, in the busy military hospital, crawling with nurses and injured. "Where am I?"
"How fast does it grow?"
Sherlock let out a whispery exhale, the cool plastic bulbs pressing marks into his arms and torso, as daddy circled the strand around him expertly, leaving him trussed and helpless. The glow of the lights shadowed his cheekbones and nose. Daddy tucked his hair behind his ears when he was finished. He wrapped a silky green ribbon around Sherlock’s neck with a flowery bow, just a little bit tighter than necessary, Sherlock's breathing hitched ever so slightly.
It was a waiting game now, and the silence was frightening, teeth on edge, waiting for catastrophe, with the carrier ships looming on the horizon, just out of reach. There was a ship coming into the pier, a smaller hospital vessel, and Sherlock watched silently as a crowd of medics and stretcher carriers made their way through the crowd.
20 September 1939
“Afghanistan or Iraq, sir?” The man next to him looked quite startled as he started the car.
," The Alpha snarled, and Sherlock cursed himself once more. Stupid, stupid little boy, never saying the right things.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft scowled, "I hope someday you will be mature enough to understand that I cannot make exceptions, for any reason, if not especially because he is my brother-in-law."
Mycroft smiled into the empty corridor, Gregory really had ruined him.
Greg swallowed a knot in his throat. This wasn't his first crime scene, not by far. But something about this one...something sent his stomach into a flop like nothing before. The first victim was young, so young, 20 or so at most, and she was mauled horribly, legs and arms covered in viscous crimson gashes, neck snapped to the side, ginger hair plastered with blood to her face, eyes open and wide in frozen fear. Greg closed his eyes for a moment, trying to soothe his nerves before turning to the second and third. A little boy, blonde hair matted with dried blood, left arm snapped backwards, clothes ripped to shreds, his stomach ripped clearly through, guts spilled onto the vibrant spring grass. How such revolting gore could exist in such a beautiful country setting, wildflowers blooming and birds chirping, it was dichotomous and made it even more vile.
"Your brother?" Sherlock nodded.
“No thank you,” John sighed sadly, getting up and walking up to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his middle, planting a kiss on his ear.
"John! John I'm-"
“Come along, buddy, let’s go pick out a tree,” He pulled Sherlock by the hand out of the flat. Sherlock mumbled under his breath, eyes on the floor. “Speak up, love,”
"Out. Help Mrs. H with dinner and don't wait up."
"Not really, Sherlock, now put on your coat. It's cold."
“D-addy, I-” Sherlock stuttered as daddy only shushed him. Why was he being so nice? Sherlock had been horrible, absolutely horrible! He didn’t deserve daddy’s nice touches. Sherlock stepped forward a bit, the loss of contact leaving him cold and empty, but daddy didn’t try to touch him again. He hung his head and kept his hands at his sides, resisting the urge to wipe his tears. He was such a bad boy,
Sherlock nodded and let John guide him away form the morgue, but deep down he knew that he was right.
The corporal didn't speak, he just watched the dark, icy Baltic Sea as it clapped against the metal hull, the groaning ship rocking back and forth. He nodded in a silent agreement before looking back to the closed port door.
“What is it darling?”
“Thought we'd watch a christmas film, love,” daddy whispered and Sherlock beamed. “Any favourites?”
Sherlock leaned his elbows against the bar, head thrown back in boredom. He hated stupid parties like this. He eyed John, who was speaking to a circle of older men, sipping brandy. The absolute only perk to this engagement was John in his full dress uniform. Sherlock bit his lip subconsciously at the thought.
"s'alright, darling, it's so good to hear your voice," Sherlock blushed, adjusting the phone, "you still have that camera I got you?" The alpha whispered conspiratorially and Sherlock furrowed his brows.
"But sir you can't be serious," Anderson looked Sherlock up and down, the omega's cheeks flushing crimson. "Isn't he a bit,
"Oh, God, Jawn," Sherlock whispered, his head thrown back and the voice in the phone sounding more and more distant as he curled his own delicate fingers around his cock, "doesn't feel the same, not at all,"
"Hello, Mr. Watson," John smiled, pressing a kiss to his shoulder and sucking in a lungful of his sweet honeying pheremones. "Are you feeling better, darling?"
"Alright, Sherlock, we're on our way, are you safe?"
Sherlock stopped, his mind whirring and his files fluttering inside.
"Jawn! You're tickling me! Stop it!" Sherlock pushed away John's chin, fingers resting in the scruffy ginger hair, which had grown out evenly and nicely.
“I want to, sir,” Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock grumbled, hiding his head under the covers. The door creaked open anyways, and his brother stepped across the room, not even mentioning the mess of papers and the microscope which sat proudly on his desk. The alpha paused, admiring the little tuft of midnight curls that poked out from beneath the covers, before sitting on the side of the bed, reaching out to pet it, but stopping himself and placing his hand on his thigh.
"Sherlock, why don't you work it out for us," John said softly, rubbing a circle on Sherlock's back, soothingly warm and gentle. Sherlock nodded, sucking in a deep breath.
Their eyes met, and John glowed with pride. Sherlock was marked, claimed, as
"Sorry?" Sherlock looked over his tea, eyes questioning and sweet.
"But-" John growled and tugged on his locks, eyes dark and silencing Sherlock immediately.
Sherlock and Janine walked arm and arm into the brisk night, finding the crowd of dance-goers, only three other girls, near the black metal fence of the barracks, who waved them over. Sherlock felt silly, dressed in his blue button down and tight-fitting tan trousers, with no jacket and his lucky blue ribbon around his neck where a beta or alpha might wear a tie, donning his regulation shoes because he didn't have any others. Janine had brushed his hair out, silky and soft and she'd tugged a bit harder than necessary while ranting about how easy he had it and how male hair was unfairly softer and less greasy.
“Where do you think you’re going, little boy?” Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head.
The vicar cleared his throat and clasped his bible, rambling on in prayer. John couldn't help his alpha, a deep growl humming in his chest at the sight of this pure, virgin omega at his feet, which John knew was barbaric and horribly unfair, but his alpha was bubbling with excitement. Sherlock looked up once more, eyes wide and flickering green, his omega glowing as well, so proud to have made his Alpha happy. His insides were tumbling, his heart palpitating. His alpha?
John slowly walked towards the sitting room, each step sending a shiver through his naked sub. John licked his lips, silently admiring his milky white back, still a bit damp from the shower, his half-dry curls falling in tight ringlets around his ears. He was beautiful like this, no matter how stroppy or rude, Sherlock would always submit. Sherlock was
"I only meant, if, something should go wrong, and he-" Sherlock bit his lip to stop it from quivering. His arms felt chilly, goose flesh all up his skin, his stomach clenched in a knot.
"Right, let's go," Moran nodded and began walking and Sherlock followed, feet seeming to move of their own volition as he stumbled after him onto the street.
“Sherlock, did you hear me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sorry, right, um, when Sherlock's better, I wondered if he could come help us out, the Yard, that is, you know what he's like, he sees what kind of cigarettes you fancy use based on your shoelaces, it's just, no witnesses, omega and her pup killed, it looks like some sort of animal attack, my boss thinks it was an accident, but I just have this wretched feeling about it, I just, thought, well, Sherlock might be able to help,"
"Sherlock! Where are you?!" Mycroft gasped, already swinging on his coat.
"Sherlock, none of that matters! Omega, Alpha, it's not important."
ik ik this is garbage...thanks for any feedback :)
"I thought it was bad luck!"
happens to you too?"
"No, that's my sister," Mr. Carmichael bit back a comment to the colorfulness of the Watson family- with a female alpha
“-yes, he made it, Oh, he’s right there, hello, Ross, I’ll call you back brother” Shuri closed the hologram and gave him a look, “You look...paler than normal. Seen a ghost?” Ross furrowed his brow and pointed to where the portal had closed.
, and only once you'd spoken and made introductions to their alpha. But Greg didn't care about all that. And knowing My, Sherlock was most likely sharp as whip, and it would be better to have him on his side.
"No, Sherlock, god, it's fine, I'll have to tell you anyway, fuck," John growled, and Sherlock's nostrils flared. John was upset, and it was upsetting Sherlock, his knees weak and his heart racing.
"Well, you're lucky. We're getting shipped off to France, I hear,"
good morning! or good evening? I wouldn't know, I'm nocturnal
"Shh Shh, I'm here, Sherlock, nothing will happen to you if I'm here,"
"Sherlock are you insane?! This could kill you!" Sherlock only sobbed brokenly, choking and coughing weakly, barely able to breathe. John immediately helped him, patting his back and keeping his airway open. Sherlock's raven hair was damp with sweat, his skin ashen pale, his eyes dull and glassy.
"Woah there, Sherlock, you're safe, you're alright, you can't move, love, you'll hurt yourself," He soothed, tucking his chin over Sherlock's head.
"Darling, I need to know why you called yourself a whore, that's the most concerning thing," Daddy let go of his wrist despondently, and Sherlock almost whined at the loss of contact. He felt so alone, so suddenly, daddy so far away. "I- I want you to know that, my financial support is in no way tied to your body, Sherlock, I-" Daddy's strong voice cracked, and Sherlock's heart plummeted. Daddy couldn't cry! He couldn't! If daddy cried, then Sherlock...what would Sherlock do?! Daddy cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders, his eyes dark and distant as he calmly looked down at Sherlock.
The other guests- alpha and omega siblings were dreadful as well. The Alpha was dark and a bit smelly, reeking of pheromones, hair slicked back and dribbling oil. He was some sort of banker, or was it investments? Didn't matter, he hadn't spoken a word to Greg as they sat in this stuffy drawing room, Mycroft was being a saint, nodding as Mr. Trevor rambled on about politics, refilling Greg's whiskey every other time Mr. Trevor cried "outrageous!"
"Sherlock I can't come in there, I'm going to open the slot to give you some food. I got you icecream, isn't that lovely,"
“What the
"Three weeks." Sherlock's chin snapped over and he gasped.
did anyone really expect the dinner party to be a success??
The crowd cheered with a few lewd whistles, but Sherlock couldn't hear a thing- the world had faded away from him, all that remained was
The third victim was hardly a year old, a baby, lying on it's front, half covered by a bloody blanket. Greg knelt and watched as his boss asked a few locals questions, a woman shaking her head and crying into his handkercheif. Greg unlocked his eyes and looked back to the child. So young, and killed so brutally. It was the stuff of nightmares.
God in heaven, why was Mycroft here? The horrible noises from the closed door made the young man shiver, closing his eyes and trying not to think of what they were doing to his brother. Best not to know, he thought. Trust these
Sherlock trembled, and his cot creaked as Janine sat beside him, pulling his fingers into her hands and holding them. She was warm, really warm and Sherlock's head fell onto her shoulder a sob escaped his throat.
their room, curls riotous and fluffed up, eyes glowy and soft. His collar still rested on his neck, dark leather contrasting something gorgeous with his milky white skin. He didn’t sleep often, but when he did he went hard. It was 10 or so in the morning, and John smiled at him sweetly.
"In sickness and in health, to love and to obey,"
The alphas shared a smile, before John stood, buttoning his jacket and putting his cigar out. He held out his hand and they shook curtly, "Goodnight, Mr. Holmes."
"The PM gave me this position,"
"Shut up Mycroft." Sherlock grumbled.
"Get out of the linen closet. Now." Sherlock shook his head violently, warm curls flouncing about in the dark of the cupboard.
, try again," Sherlock sputtered, holding his bow midair, his tutor's harsh glare freezing him in place. "What's the key signature, Sherlock?"
"I think Sherlock would rather I abstain." He stated, Gregory's soft tea-coloured hair brushing against his neck. The beta smiled sadly and curled up closer.
"Sherlock?" Mycroft. "Sherlock, Dr. Watson's here," The omega took one look into his own eyes, loathing his tiny frame, strange features, weakness, before turning and exiting into the hall, hands stuffed in the pockets of his trousers, Mycroft giving him a glare- his grey tweed jacket was unbuttoned, he refused to wear a tie, and his hair was an untamed creature of curls that dipped in his eyes.
"It's lovely to meet you, Sherlock," Greg said with a smile, placing his drink down and walking over to the young boy, clapping his hand in a firm shake. Violet gasped and looked away. Mr. Trevor's eyes were saucers. Sherlock was taken aback at first, and didn't appreciate the sudden contact, but eventually smiled and shook it back.
"A- a what?" Sherlock said softly, eyes glowing like a kitten. John grinned.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, his whole body glowing. His alpha was so strong, so good, so kind. He scolded himself for being so docile and shoved John back, crawling off his lap and into the hall, bleary cheeks glowing a soft pink.
please tell me what you think <3
"...in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Those whom God has joined together let not man put asunder. Amen."
"Oh you're just saying that because you can't get any men, Agatha,"
“He’ll be fine. Actually Lestrade, if you’re not busy, you should come over to Baker Street tomorrow, I have a feeling Sherlock will want to apologize by then.” Lestrade cocked his head inquisitively.
“Please, please daddy,
"Mm."
“I love you, Sherlock.” John said seriously, his knot beginning to throb as it deflated.
There was a silence as the Captain wrung his hands, his ring glimmering in the moonlight.
"You're so sweet with your mum," She smiled, lipstick smearing just a tad on her pearly white teeth, "You know they say men who care for their mums make the best boyfriends," Her dimples were garishly obvious, her voice sugary sweet and Sherlock was suddenly feeling sick. His head was spinning and he thought he might pass out when Mrs. H grabbed his elbow.
"Sherlock!" He growled indignantly, retrieving his papers and placing them on his desk. "I'm busy, now go back to the nursery. Clearly this is a hormonal problem, is it that time of the month?"
"I think I'd like that," Sherlock said hopefully, "I think I'd like that very much,"
“Hmm...mince pies?”
, or you'll be getting a smack," The girls giggled, all but one, a mousy brunette in the corner, and Sherlock's skin flushed crimson, feeling horribly patronized, pushing open the door and leaving.
"They all close at 11," John flicked his wrist up and smiled down at his watch. "It's close to midnight now, so it's all ours." Sherlock's mouth sat slightly agape as he took in the decorated room- empty punch bowl and cigarette butts all over the floor, crumpled cocktail napkins lying abandoned and disheveled. It was a strange kind of magic that only the cleaners saw.
"Hello, Holmes Residence?" He panted, ears tuned to Emelia's room, she was still screaming.
John would be so cross, so very cross if he knew what Sherlock had done, where he was going tomorrow. John would hate him forever if he knew the secrets Sherlock had kept from him.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” His voice was harsher than he intended, and Sherlock’s heart sank. “If I was to collar you Sherlock, it would be serious. My other subs have been flings, but you are not like that. You’d be mine, completely and entirely, I could not do this part way. Not with you.” John swallowed, his own heart heavy and solemn. How he had dreamed of this, he would not mess it up.
Sherlock didn't reply.
"How about one for every year?"
Sherlock gasped, eyes wide as he pulled out a dark leather collar, fit for a large dog or a person. The buckle was silver and the leather was worn. Sherlock sniffed the inside, it smelled like women’s perfume, hints of men’s deodorant as well. Not John’s. Someone (someones) else wore this. Sherlock was trembling as he ran his fingers over it, the implications overwhelming. He tentatively put it around his neck, testing it. It fit on the third buckle, but his stomach churned at the idea of putting it on himself. This was John’s collar. Not something to be taken lightly.
"Yes, well, I look more like my father."
Violet stiffened and coughed at his horribly inappropriate language, and Mycroft only drank some more. Sherlock had yet to come down, and Greg hadn't seen him beyond the framed photo of a 6-year-old in a frilly presentation outfit, a mess of wild curls and freckly rosy cheeks. And as he remembered it, him and Mycroft's had accidentally broken the glass of that photo on one occasion, distracted by other activities on his big oak desk...
"I'm Thomas," The Alpha whispered harshly in his ear, pulling him close with a hand low on his back as the music started up again. Sherlock's skin flushed, and Thomas's nose trailed along his neck, breathing in gulps of Sherlock's sweet, fertile smell. "You smell divine, princess, how's a sweet thing like you still not found a mate?" Sherlock gagged at this repulsively old man that was far too close. Far too close.
a lil baby chapter for my lil babies
"Shh, darling, we can talk about this later, just, hold onto me and take a deep breaths, you're almost done, you'll be alright, you're so good, Sherlock, you're mine, and you're alright, you're safe with me, darling, it'll all be alright soon..."
"I- I can help with your hair?" Clara said meekly, giving his wild mess of hair a sideways look, to which Sherlock snorted and fluffed it up even more. "Curls can be tricky," She smiled, and Sherlock returned it. His insides glowed with something he'd almost forgotten. A...friend?
“That one, daddy, please?” Sherlock pointed and John raised his eyebrows.
30 May 1940 8:42
"Don't be all day about it, we've got a plane to catch," Sherlock bit his cheek but turned around anyways, feet seeming to move of their own volition as John sat on their bed, fastening his cuff links. Sherlock seemed to understand what he was implying, and knelt on the hard wooden floor, tugging socks onto John's feet, his heart thumping wildly in his chest, his mind screaming at him.
"I am, I'm a grizzly old man, snatched you out of the craddle," John murmured as he playfully nibbled at the delicate expanse of marble neck. Sherlock whined as his scruffly chin scratched at his skin.
"Mycroft Holmes," He said coolly, calmly, heart still racing in his chest. "Who is this?"
" Sherlock shakily let go, eyes pressed closed, and John pulled his hands out from beneath him, and Sherlock bit his lip. "See love, you're alright, I'm right here," John smiled as Sherlock tensed and wrapped around him again. John frowned and pressed a hand to Sherlock's forehead.
“You look gorgeous, sweetheart,” He took a step towards Sherlock.
- sweet and soft trumpets and trombones flaring and swelling like a sea. The kind of american music Mycroft detested, and the kind of place Greg told him never to go to unless he wanted people to think he was easy.
He groaned and scrubbed at his chin, looking into his cup of coffee. There was shouting and he looked up, Anderson was rushing into the office, helmet still on, right over to the dispatch radio before flicking the channel, turning up the volume.
"No, I can do it," He insisted, and John came up behind him and gave her a grin, his hand resting on the small of Sherlock's back.
Sherlock accepted this and leaned his head on John's shoulder, the rhythmic chuffing of the wheels on the tracks lulled him to sleep (he was still rather weak from last night) and John pet his hair idly, wrapping a single curl around his finger and letting it spring back, falling into a repetition, his mind wandering away from him.
"Your brother-in-law called last night, darling,"
"I don't need this coat," Sherlock mumbled, shrugging it off one shoulder in an offer.
“You don’t mind, sir?” Sherlock was being coy. The dilation of his eyes and the flush in his cheeks-obviously John liked the idea.
"Morstan, Mary Morstan, and no sir, I'm not," She smiled, tucking her clipboard under her arms and turning, blushing furiously.. John shook his head.
"No! No we don't need to talk!" Sherlock shouted quickly before pulling his lip between his teeth, face crumpling into a scowl before he continued down, his omega
His eyes scanned over the rows of green before he settled on a twig in the corner, a teeny little tree that barely reached Sherlock's waist.
John laughed, eyebrows raised and his lips turned into a smile. Sherlock only turned a deeper shade of crimson, tucking his hair behind his ears as John stood, his chair squeaking along the polished floor. Greg and John shook hands before John pulled the detective in for a hug.
"Let go of my sheet!" He yanked at the fabric, trying to maintain his modesty, "Fuck! Let go!" He growled, but the leader seemed to only growl back.
"They ought to have their gas mask drills, and maybe a day on the range,"
"Yeah?"
wanted me to be. Wanted to tame me, saddle me, force me into your broodmare. I have no control over my own body! And I hate it!
"Take thee, Sherlock,"
Suddenly, a warm callused hand found it's place on his neck.
"Roast." Sherlock mumbled, ears crimson, "I'm sorry,"
"No, I'm alright, Jawn, flying makes me sleepy,"
"We've landed, John!"
Mycroft sighed, far too distracted to think about the new defense budget's approval. What was it about Sherlock that made him such a monster?
Sherlock scrunched his nose at his own predictability before the footfalls of an angry Mycroft could be heard down the corridor, and Sherlock hunched back in a vain attempt to not be seen.
“Good lad. Might make a doctor out of you yet,” John smiled. Sherlock wrinkled his nose playfully. John rustled his hair a bit and they drove in quiet for a while. They pulled up to a posh looking restaurant and John tossed the keys at the valet.
"Do you really want to discuss this? I doubt Mr. Holmes would appreciate this, and I'd hate for you to lose your job and that nice little wife of yours to be out on the streets, wouldn't you agree Corporal?"
"Sherlock!"
Sherlock was a whimpering mess, hair dripping with sweat and skin clammy and moist. He panted and gasped but his lungs just couldn't get enough air and each thrust sent big blots of colour in front of his eyes. He groaned and grasped at the fabric of the chair, knuckles white as John hit that certain bunch of nerves inside of him. He keened in a sound that couldn't be recognized as any form of lingual communication and yowled as his own cock searched for release, his hips bucking into the chair. He gasped, coming all over himself, clear bodily fluid that drenched the chair and was dripping down his front.
"But if he hurt you, you should say something, stop him from-"
"I, John Watson," He repeated, looking down at his omega with an aching pride, his lips helplessly turned into a smile.
"I promise."
Drinks were already a nightmare. Greg rubbed his arm and looked at his watch. It had only been 15 minutes- he could've sworn it'd been hours. A terse exchange of "you're Mykie's friend?" "a policeman? Well that's charming." and that was it. Greg was frightfully dull, he decided. He liked lager more than brandy, he smoked cigarettes not cigars, and he'd had to borrow tails from Mycroft- and the shoulders were a smidge too narrow, the middle far to large. Violet hadn't mentioned it, but her appraising up-n-down look had put him in his place the moment he had entered the room. She was scary- for an omega she carried such a lore and respect, everyone was a bit afraid of her.
There was barely room for walking on board HMHS Paris, the floor covered with cots and gurneys, and John's newest patient was very uncooperative, his leg was mangled and broken, drizzling dark blood and staining his torn trousers. The doctor expertly cut up the fabric and pulled it to the sides, getting a better look at an infected mortar wound. The Pole fought and kicked and groaned and John pat his shoulder and gave him a sharp look.
"What do you mean, sunshine?"
"I'm not a child!" Sherlock seethed, turning on his heel, hands clenched into fists, his cheeks flushed with anger. "I love you, you idiot! And I don't love anybody else. Doesn't that matter to you?!" He pressed his palms against John's chest. John glared at him and grabbed his wrists, holding them tight in his dry, callused hands, Sherlock wriggling beneath them, lips pressed together in a pout.
"You are a child, you most certainly act like one. And yeah, of course you bloody well matter to me. I married you! I bonded with you. I love you so, so very much. But I love my country too, Sherlock, and it has to come first. If you weren't so bloody immature you'd understand!"
" He whispered in between retches.
"John wants you to leave London, I think he's right," Sherlock's eyes softened.
"Fucking Christ, Sherlock, I'm the happiest man in the world,"
"You can't order me, Mycroft!" Sherlock spat, sitting up on his elbows and glaring at his brother with furrowed brows.
"Well, I didn't think it'd be that hard!" Sherlock growled, sinking under the water like a hippo, eyes over the water. A single inky curled was plastered to his forehead.
"Of course you were her friend, Sherl, what are you talking about?"
Sherlock gasped, sitting up on his elbows with his mouth open. John's dirty talk was so puerile, and yet, here Sherlock was, tummy in a knot, cock stirring, face flushed and throat dry. Sherlock's entire body glowed with embarrassment and excitement as he slowly crawled down off the bed, some blankets tangling around his ankles.
"No, I can manage, why don't you go say hi to Sherlock, he's a bit knackered from the flight." John looked over his shoulder, smirking at the passed out omega in the taxi. Mrs. Hudson immediately ignored him the second he saw Sherlock, rushing to fuss over her new charge. John smiled and continued up the stairs, lungs full of hearty london air, just the faintest hints of smoke,
"I've got to make a call, study's that way," Victor pointed behind Greg's back and sneered, flashing pearly white canines.
"He's always pale, Mrs. Watson," Greg chuckled, reaching over to bureau and grabbing something or another. Sherlock looked over to the abused omega with an intense fear that seemed to be seeping through his scent, because both Greg and Clara sniffed the air worriedly. Greg grabbed both his hands and gave him another strong smile, one that Sherlock couldn't help but reciprocate. Greg mouthed, "you're okay," before throwing a silk blue ribbon around his shoulders, buttoning the starched collar which choked a bit at his throat. Sherlock grimaced as Greg tied a ribbon around his neck.
They sat in silence for a few moments, Greg burrowed in his paper, Sherlock mindlessly looking out the window, the bustle of London was so mindnumbing and yet still fascinating. Everyone fit, everyone had somewhere to go, and they all seemed bloody pleased with themselves. As if every mother with a pram or businessman with his briefcase mocked him with their pleasant expressions.
"We're on our way, sunshine, just stay calm, stay by the callbox, don't talk to anyone." Greg put down the phone, swinging his coat around his shoulders and grabbing Mycroft's hand, looking into his fearful, pale blue eyes. "He's alright."
"Oh, he likes that, eh Maurice?"
"It's- I-" Sherlock's words fizzled away as he admired it, fingers grazing over the metal. Tears welled in his eyes, hot and scratching at the back of his throat, a sob rising in his chest. "It's perfect, I've never- no one's ever- it's
"Brilliant!" John said under his breath.
, is not at liberty to own property, in fact, he'd need to be in your will as to whom you'd wish to inherit him,"
“Ross! Hurry up, she’ll be here soon!” Shuri grabbed his sleeve and pulled him in. He was barely looked at by most of the guests, who he assumed were Wakandan officials, and he was slightly jealous of how fashionable everyone was. Color, texture, afro-futrism, it was a feast for the eyes and his plain bespoke suit felt quite un-fashionable in comparison. She grabbed his present and tossed it on a pile. There were beautiful floral decorations everywhere, and a spread of the most delicious food Ross had ever seen. “No cake?”
"May I ask, why sir?"
"What did you tell Churchill?" He repeated, his voice rough and yet so very vulnerable, earning him an odd look from the woman on hall duty. Mycroft sighed, loudly, and Sherlock suckled on his lip, shuffling on his feet, the dust crunching beneath his shoes.
"It's alright love, I'm right here," John soothed as Sherlock cried with such intensity, he was choking on his sobs, uncontrollably hiccuping.
"That she would," Vanecia grinned, and Sherlock licked across his scabbed and painful bottom lip.
"S-stop, I don't- I want to go back to the party-"
It took about ten minutes for the knot to fade, and for them to come unscrewed. Sherlock was a sleepy thing, face slopping onto the pillow after John forced grapes and water down his throat. He grumbled and spread out exhausted and John only chuckled, tucking into the bread and petting his milky naked back gently as he slept, it would only be an hour at most before Sherlock was ready again, and John sat satedly against the headboard, watching the swaying of trees out the windows.
"I'm sorry, Master," Sherlock whispered, eyes averted, lip stinging. Not enough, he thought. Clearly it wasn't enough if he never learned his lesson!
"Where are you going?"
"friday?" Sherlock whispered into John's neck.
There was a thick and tense silence until Sherlock sucked in a breath on the other line.
"Experiment. Gone wrong. I'll be upstairs."
, something's wrong! I'm not, I'm not in heat! I'm not! I'm- something-" Sherlock's eyes rolled back as a wave of pain rippled through him. Lestrade sighed and mustered up the strength to leave the room and shut that wretched door. He slowly made his way back down the stairs, meeting a chuffed looking Victor halfway down the hall.
, alright, he's looking at us, dance with me, get him interested,"
“Um, nothing, nothing,” Strange eyed Martin with suspicion but planted a soft kiss on Ross’s cheek.
And there was nothing Sherlock could do.
"It's nice to see fresh faces, especially such beautiful ones,"
"Of course not, darling, tonight is about me and you, just us, we don't need heat for that, do we?" He whispered sweetly, as if speaking to a child. Hell, Sherlock was a child, so insecure and afraid. He had nothing to be afraid of. Sherlock nodded his head and tucked his nose into John's shoulder, sucking up his scent. That intoxicating scent that made him feel...things? God! It was, not like anything before- it was, feelings, sentiment, something else. It made him want to both curl into his husbands lap and cry in a ball at his feet in equal measure. He whimpered and pressed himself further into his Alpha. John raised is eyebrows but kept his arm firm around Sherlock's shoulders, even when he felt warm tears soaking through his shirt. His Alpha was going crazy inside of him, screaming at him. S
"Come on, Sherlock, your friend asked us to leave, don't be rude," Greg pulled his hat back on and tipped it to Esther before clapping a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, giving him a strong look.
, it's nothing to concern you." John growled, baring his teeth, eyes dark. Sherlock whimpered and bowed his head. The old Sherlock wouldn't do this,
"Sherlock, I really don't like this, she's such a cute little thing," Mrs. Hudson cooed and booped the bunny's wriggling nose, speaking in a high pitched baby voice, "I'll go get you a carrot, sweetheart."
“Good lad,” John pulled Sherlock’s hand and guided him outside of the closed coffee shop. Sherlock’s eyes grew wider still when he saw the car. Aston Martin DB5. Dark green.
That did it. Sherlock couldn't hold back his sobs, waves of agony that rolled through him, knuckles turning white, eyes clenched shut, tears running in rivers down his cheeks. He needed to be quiet,
He trembled and shoved the pen down, putting the lid back of the jar and holding his head in his hands, breath tight in his chest.
"I'm Sherlock," He said awkwardly, and the captain chuckled, unfolding his arm and wrapping round his waist, leaving Sherlock only the option to lean on him, the fabric of his uniform just a teensy bit irritating to the skin, but it smelled heavenly to rest his nose near the captain's neck.
"Oh, yes, thank you," He took it into his fingers, the metal cool and the black leather soft and dusty. "I thought I'd lost it," She nodded, the air suddenly awkward and Sherlock set the camera in his lap delicately, tossing his curls to one side and itching at his neck from his fresh haircut.
"I know." He tucked his hand in his pocket and smiled.
"let me help you out a bit there, Blitzen," Daddy smirked, unbuckled his belt and pulled out his cock, sending shivers through Sherlock. It was glowing red and stood hard and at attention. John smirked as Sherlock watched him attentively, doe-eyed and slightly fearful at it's sheer
“Did you see that?” He said tersely, “Who was that?”
14 September 1939
"Good. Now, I need to speak with you about something else, so why don't we clean up those knees and have a cuppa,"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Give me five minutes."
“G’night daddy,” John planted a kiss on his forehead and brushed his curls from his eyes.
John pulled away for a moment, fingers grasping his chin and turning their eyes to meet. In that moment all the thoughts and the hurt and the confetti disappeared, it was only John. The edges of the world melted away and seemingly came into focus all at once. John's hands found their place on Sherlock's cheeks, thumbs brushing his curls from his ears, holding him tight as their lips collided- a sweet soft and innocent first kiss at first, Sherlock quite frazzled and unsure, pressing back just a tiny bit, John's mouth claiming his own, fingers twirling through his hair, a single hand pressing gently to his face. Sherlock's heart raced in his chest, hands shaking as he rest them on top of John's before John pulled away, breathless, the tiny space between them warm and tingly on his skin.
"...It's abominable, I don't understand the appeal, The King, courting a
"No of course it's not bloody true, just a ruddy social climbing beta desperate to keep my sister away from Mycroft. Sherlock's omega issues are not my problem,"
"Mm, you're so
," Sherlock could've melted at the praises as daddy mercilessly fucked his mouth, pounding into the back of his throat, Sherlock having to focus and control his reflexes, to stay calm as he choked.
"What the hell was that?" Sherlock glared over their shoulders. She only gave him a shake of her head.
Sherlock held the letters tight in his fingers, shaking fingers, pulling them to his nose and fighting tears in his eyes at their musky, comforting smell, his heart leaping inside his chest. Mrs. Hudson had sent them all to him, and the thought sent his stomach into knots. The girls were giggling as the post was passed around, lovers sending love notes, families back home. What did Sherlock have?
my "fancy man", I'm not looking for an alpha, so he really shouldn't have wasted his time on
"How's the hangover?" Greg smirked, and John coughed and laughed.
"Nothing to be sorry for," John smiled, breathing in deep gulps of the omega's tantalizingly lovely smell, honey and mint, with hints of sweet ripe blackberries. Sherlock hiccuped, flushing bright red, feeling quite silly being held like this. John's strong, rough hands were delicately carding through Sherlock's hair. "I'm here now, aren't I?"
"Sod this, fine. Don't come. And don't come tomorrow either. Tell Clara she is still definitely invited,"
"I most certainly can. Now, go. to. bed."
"Shame, crying shame. How about you, Sherlock, fancy a holiday?"
"It's not a big deal, Sherlock, there's no need to fret about it," John said quickly, lips turned into a smile that Sherlock knew was fake.
"Sherlock that doesn't look very safe,"
"Holmes, fear makes us do strange things, things we don't want to do, things we would never do otherwise." She said firmly, squeezing his shoulders, "You were afraid. Janine could've done the same thing,"
"Aren't you?" She smiled, and Sherlock returned it.
"Close your eyes!" John cried from the doorway, hands behind his back, grinning with a chuffed smile. Sherlock grumbled but shut his eyes anyways, holding out his hands expentantly. Suddenly John was kissing him and Sherlock opened his eyes immediately.
"Nothing you need to worry about, princess, I'll be home for tea," John's feet echoed through the flat as he descended the staircase, practically marching out onto the pavement. Sherlock stood in the living room, frozen to the ground, feeling like soap in the bath, dissolving bit by bit as he held his breath.
"hurts you?"
"No reason to?" Sherlock scoffed, blinking and watching this ignorant man with disdain, "Would you have taken me seriously if I came in here eight months pregnant and reeking of my husband?"
"He hasn't written in months,"
“Will it make it on time daddy?” It was indeed only 3 days until christmas.
"I can help you with your luggage, sir," She smiled, he swallowed nervously and held his suitcases closer.
"Oh thank God, thank God. What the hell are you doing here, Sherlock?" John whispered, still holding them both tight, hands clenched around Sherlock's air jacket. He didn't expect an answer, and he didn't get one. He smiled and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, soaking wet and- disgusting? he licked his lips at a bitter, acrid, taste and gasped, the ships spotlight still flickering, illuminating them both- his ivory lover's skin blackened by a slick film of oil, which dripped from his curls, mixing with blood on his lips.
"Alright," John chuckled, "that sounds fair,"
"So, Mycroft, are you going to Berlin? I think we've a real good chance at the gold this year,"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not until I say," John growled, sucking monstrous purple marks all along Sherlock's pale freckled shoulders, marble white flesh between his teeth.
Anderson pulled his helmet off and looked to Greg with a paled expression. Greg only gave him a reassuring smile. Phillip was young, he didn't remember. This had all happened before, and England would be just fine. He'd only been a child when his father died, but his mother said he'd been a hero. War turned ordinary men into heroes, their sons into orphans. Hitler better be frightened, that bastard. Greg turned to the small framed photo of Emelia on his desk and swallowed thickly. He would do anything, anything, to keep her safe. He looked around the station, counting how many of them he expected to lose in the draft, how many were reservists, and sighed, scratching the back of his neck and keeping his face stoic and calm. It would be alright.
"P-please! Please! I want it, John, please!" Sherlock sobbed, desperation and soul crushing
"It's bad luck for me to see you!"
friend.
things," John paused, "I'm quite smitten with
*muah* thank you for your support, there's more on the way!
"Mrs. Hudson! I need a rabbit!"
"Yes, John, I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered, anger bubbling in his tummy. Just another reminder why he never wanted to be married in the first place- all alphas were the same. John pressed a kiss to his forehead, chaste and firm and he gave Sherlock's thigh a pat.
"John! Why aren't you more excited?!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"t-two sugars, sir," Sherlock softly spoke, eyes still downcast, watching the deep amber liquid with false fascination. Why only two? There were four of them.
"Do p-pledge myself onto thee, John, to be yours"
"Hang on, Mycroft, wait, we haven't even discussed this!" Greg didn't mean to shout, pinching the bridge of his nose.
"I cheated on you, Sherlock," John whispered, his heart racing and it was silent again, and he watched intently the expression on his lover's face, it was almost childish, soft and innocent and anguished it was gut-wrenching.
John shook his head, "No, love, not yet, I might be getting old, but I don't know if I'm ready to be a father."
"But that's what I am! I
"Mr. Lestrade?" Mycroft looked up. Using a fake name was compulsory, and just why he'd chosen that one, he kept firmly to himself. He nodded and looked to Sherlock, who looked at the door with fear. He swallowed and shakily stood, pain flooding between his legs, shivering and taking the Nurses outstretched hand as she led him to the exam room. He dared one look behind his shoulder at Mycroft.
"Am I dying, Mycroft?" Sherlock mumbled between facefuls of mint chocolate chip, tears drying a bit at the lovely taste.
"Letter for you, Sherlock," Mycroft said smoothly, almost guileful as he flicked through his paper. Gregory sat beside him, tucking in to a plateful of breakfast, giving Sherlock
"Darling, he broke the skin here," The delicate pad of an index finger brushed against a stinging part of his ear. "Let me clean it, alright?" Sherlock was dumbstruck, his eyes not leaving the slight turn at the corner of this man's lips, a sweet little smirky smile that sent Sherlock's tummy on a rollercoaster. Not that he'd ever been on one. Or seen one in person, in fact. Sherlock nodded dumbly, the army captain only grinning and pulling Sherlock's hand to sit down on a bench, kneeling in front of him and patting his thigh before striding off to find supplies.
“Thank you sir,” Sherlock smiled, John laughed.
3. Tell John.
The baby had stopped crying, which was good news. Greg held one arm under her bum and a hand on her back, delicately grazing over her bandages, and he bounced, finally enjoying some peace and quiet ever since the little firecracker had woken up. The Sergeant smiled when he heard a soft snoring from his shoulder, he pulled into his arms properly, seeing her lapping tongue and offering the bottle he'd requisitioned from the evidence locker, now filled with formula. She suckled happily, dozing off and on as Greg admired her sweet apple cheeks and tiny little fingers that grasped out for her bottle. She was perfect.
"Sir?" Sherlock said, and all three heads turned his way. "I can drive,"
"What, why?" Greg cocked his head and set a squirming Em down, who crawled around his feet, hitting his trouser-clad calves with open little palms.
Sherlock sliced his pen across the words, his hand shaking. He looked out the window, it was dark, the first traces of daylight just beginning to sprinkle through the thick darkened clouds. A new day peeking over the horizon of chimneys and rooftops. He let the pen drop onto the desk, pulling the letter into his hands and crumpling it into a ball before shoving it onto the floor. He pulled out a second sheet and rubbed at his itchy, now horribly short head of hair.
"The plane is
"Jawn!" Sherlock breathed, "I-I want Jawn." The hand on the other side immediately let go, as if by magnetic repulsion.
"Sir, please, just lie back, I need to take a look at your leg,"
Sherlock's lips turned slightly down, looking back to Janine and swallowing thickly, before three wretched words fell from his mouth.
"They started it!" He paused, pushing a rather rambunctious Monty off of his face, "...Ma'am," Sherlock groaned as the dogs showered him with love and made no move to cover himself in front of his Queen. She was unimpressed to say the least.
<3 <3 <3
A slick wet tongue found it's way along Sherlock's earlobe and he froze, a solid statue even as everyone else moved rhythmically to the fox trot crackling from the phonograph. Thomas' awful breath fogged at his skin, the hairs on the back of his neck standing straight. This was too close. He was too close. Touching him. Someone was touching him. Sherlock whimpered as Thomas bit down on his ear, and Thomas only chuckled- gripping Sherlock's hand like a vice, hand at the small of his back leading him off the dance floor. Sherlock didn't want to go with him. He shouted at his feet to stop! Stop! But he was far to high and far too drunk to be in control of his transport. Thomas pulled him out of the main room and into the corridor, pressing him against the wall, hands on either side of his face, devouring his neck. Mummy would
"Good morning, sunshine," Greg beamed as Sherlock came into the dining room, pulling his jumper over his head, inky curls plopping out the top. He shook out his shoulders and fluffed his hair, slouching into his chair, leaning his chin on his arms, looking intently at the empty tea cup in front of his eyes. "Sleep alright?"
John was typing away at his blog when Sherlock emerged from
"You could be a film star, you know, or a model, you're so frightfully gorgeous, darling," John smirked and watched Sherlock intently as he went back into the bedroom.
"The nursery," Sherlock said softly, eyes locked on the foggy window as the train began to huff away. John furrowed his brow and squeezed the top of Sherlock's thigh.
"I don't need help! I don't need you! I'm not helpless, I'm not meek, and I don't want to help you with any murders, please leave me alone," Greg's mouth hung open and Sherlock angrily pinned up some socks, teeth grit and stomach churning.
John groaned as he stood up, leaning heavily on the walking stick in his right hand his leg aching, rolling his good shoulder and hissing at the pain in his left. A week left of convalesce, but he doubted he would ever fully recover from it. He looked to his bedside table, pulling out a piece of paper and the tub of ink, using the tabletop to write. He unscrew his pen, dipping it into the black and sucking up the thick splotchy liquid, his hand trembling. Oil, black oil, dripping from Sherlock's eyelashes, like soot on his pale skin and acid on his lips.
“Did you finish your letter, baby boy?” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled and he nodded, setting his mug down carefully on the coffee table and  fetching the piece of paper from the floor by the tree, scooping up his crayons into his fist and plopping them carefully back into their box. He crawled into daddy’s lap and folded the list up into quarters neatly. “What does it say, Sherlock?”
.. (I)
"Yes, hi, hello, sorry," He stood and shook the man's hand. He was small and thin and he seemed to puff up when they stood breast to breast. John's military stance and calm strength often left less powerful alphas feeling competetive.
It was too much suddenly as John's cock thrust into his prostate, it was all far too much and Sherlock's cock spurted out his watery spunk, his orgasm wrenching through his body with a scream.
, a completely useless defense against a line of German tanks, and it was appalling the damage being done. Warsaw still fought back, but it wouldn't last long, the only unoccupied city in Poland, with the Germans to the west and the Soviets to the east...
"Alright, Sherlock, can you tell me what street you're on, love?" Sherlock squinted through the panes of glass.
"Sherlock. This is
"No, mummy," Mycroft smiled sadly, looking with a slight mourning to his mother, pressing a kiss to her cheek as he left the drawing room, "He's my responsibility now, I'll see to him."
"Yes, well, Janine would probably pester me until I said it,"
"It's romantic," Greg added, blushing the slightest, and Mycroft rolled his eyes.
Twap!
Sherlock didn't feel like he was a use to anyone. But he nodded.
, and that is exactly why we need to retreat. Gather our men and save the fight. Hitler may have won his empire on land, but the channel will always be his greatest obstacle." Mycroft rubbed his temples in aggravation.
"Goodnight, John," He whispered before reaching up and kissing his solider on the lips, shy and innocent and so unsure. He felt dangerous, kissing an alpha in the hall
Alpha? Fuck! Fucking hell, what was he thinking? He sounded like some pathetic
also, i wanted to say, that the flashbacks of John's childhood were supposed to be highlights of his empathy, even as an alpha, of abuse and of Sherlock. I'm sorry if you hated them, I just wanted to give more characterization bc this is the first story I've written that isn't just a PWP or hurt/comfort.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because of the bite?" John said with a sad smile, fingers grazing his lover's neck, and Sherlock cried out, frantically searching the horizon for something- anything.
"Seventeen," Alan shook his head with a incredulous smile, "And people call me a genius. I just can't understand the concealment,"
Sherlock scolded himself. Of course John was leaving, and good riddance! Finally alone and free, with John miles away he'd be free at last.
"Good omega, so good," John growled, Sherlock's voice catching with a high-pitched whimper, knees spread further still.
"Cabbage, and her name is Bluebell. but it's not important."
"Christ!" John shouted, looking both ways before pumping his legs desperately, still grasping a sputtering and coughing Sherlock. "Sherlock we've got to get out of here before-" There was the unmistakable roar of bullets in the air and John cried out in agony, his entire body throbbing with pain, radiating from his shoulder like electric current. Then he smelt it- fire, and he shoved Sherlock below the water before the oil was set alight above them.
“With some peppermint?” He asked shyly, biting his lip some more. John set him gently on the sofa, wrapping a blanket around his shoulders before heading to the kitchen and flicking on the kettle. Sherlock watched his back intently before turning back to Pine Cone (he was adamant that was this tree’s name, even though he was a Fir tree) and watching the fairy lights twinkle off and on, lighting up the whole room. A fire crackled in the fireplace. Sherlock bit his lip and picked up the presents that were in the corner, carrying the stack carefully to rest beneath Pine Cone. They barely all fit, he hoped Father Christmas wouldn’t mind that there wasn’t much space for gifts. John returned with a mug of cocoa for Sherlock and a glass of whiskey for daddy. Sherlock beamed and took his mug in his fingers, his whole body filling with warmth and shivering at the lovely sensation of heat, steam condensing on his forehead and fridge. He wiped his brow with his arm and went to take a gulp before John tutted.
"Good, well, I- uh, I have some things to work on, I'll be at my desk, if you need me," John said awkwardly, feeling quite gratuitous. Sherlock made a hum in response, and the moment John was in the sitting room, Sherlock turned and climbed the stairs to the extra rooms, a door slamming behind him.
"Mycroft's gone soft on you hasn't he?" She tutted, eyeing him up and down, canines glimmering from beneath her garish red lipstick. "third position, Sherlock, and I really don't suggest you disobey me again." Miss Adler's voice was low and calm, but her pheromones were reeking through Sherlock- weakening his resolve, his mind fuzzy. He dropped down on bruised knees, eyes shut tight, tears burning the back of his throat. It took all his strength and focus to fall onto his hands, pressing his forehead to the floor, knees apart, arse held high in the air. Third position was the forgiveness position- humiliatingly exposed and degrading. Mycroft had never hit him. Sherlock had a feeling Miss Adler would not be so merciful. Irene bit her lip in sympathy, Mycroft had let him run wild, and now he was in for a rude awakening.
Mycroft hated social gatherings, as a general rule. He looked down at his glass of champagne and sighed, watching each little bubble as it ventured to the surface with a teeny little
"I keep thinking, maybe I was too harsh with him, when I left," He paused, kicking the rails with a ringing clang, "Maybe if I'd just, maybe if I could've done something different, or maybe if I hadn't been so forceful, God, I practically coerced him to marry me."
Greg sighed, throwing back another glass of something or another as Mycroft's panic intensified, the flat stale with smoke, the party quite over and Sherlock still missing.
"Sherlock, dearie, wake up," Mrs. Hudson shook the curly haired boy awake, and he jumped, icy blue eyes wide and searching, and Mrs. H gasped, "I'm Mrs. Hudson, dear, come on inside and lets get you a cuppa,"
He straightened his shoulders, tightening his jaw in a firm stare before marching to follow them into the corridor.
in the way.
"Spoilsport!" John cried as he stood waist deep, and Sherlock's heart raced at the sight of his alpha, glowing in the sun, bristly flaxen hair carpeting the golden skin of his chest. He looked like a greek god, radiant and strong, chiseled jaw and biceps that flexed with a silent strength. John turned and dove into the clear aquamarine, powerful legs propelling him. Sherlock smiled and ran across the beach to the steps of the painted white dock which moaned and creaked in the water, and his bare feet tapped along the planks of wood as he raced out past the rows of motorboats. He passed a few people, but his eyes were fixed on the golden alpha in the water. John saw him and swam to the end of the boat dock. Sherlock grinned and plopped down at the end, feet dipped into the lapping sea, watching as John came to the edge, treading water and smiling up at him, flipping his blonde hair out of his eyes and clearing his nose.
Now that was interesting. He breathed in a gulp of
"I'd like to enlist," He said nervously, his face flush and his tongue heavy in his mouth. The woman only smirked and looked him up and down.
Sherlock's breaths were steady and shallow as he rode out the high.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, Sherlock, I’ll, I’ll think about it,” The idea of collaring his flatmate and best friend was still uneasy on his stomach. Sherlock was so desperate, vulnerable, it shook John to the core. That such a beautiful and enigmatic creature would wish to submit to him, it was strange and dreamlike. John continued to pet Sherlock’s hair, fingers grazing against his nape. “Why don’t you make us some tea, alright Sherlock?” The taller man nodded furiously and scampered to the kitchen. John sighed and scrubbed his face. Not that it wasn’t unwanted. Hell, Sherlock was more than
"Do you?"
He approached the building with shaking footsteps and Mrs. Hudson followed dutifully, her purse tucked on her elbow. A grumbling army green van pulled up to the big black gate, and the driver gave him a whistle. He approached a man standing by a door with a clipboard, eyes avoiding him, cheeks flaring with blood. The Alpha smirked, eyes raking over Sherlock before he set his feet open and licked his lips. Sherlock's stomach retched.
A thundering growl vibrated through Sherlock as John's knot pressed through him, even more pain rippling through him. John came with a shot, into the condom and bit down on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, freezing him in place as they were intertwined. Sherlock shuddered, his limps atrophied as John hit that paralyzing spot.
"Whatever you've been working on for last few hours?"
"I'm sorry?"
"Sherlock?"
"7 years can do that to a person, yes." Sherlock poured the brandy into the glass and sucked the whole of it down.
"I'll die Mycroft. If he dies, I die, I know it. I-" Sherlock trailed off, his voice wobbly, "I wouldn't be able to live without him," He conceded in a broken whisper, and something that might in other people be referred to as a heart cracked inside of Mycroft Holmes.
"A murder!" Sherlock squealed and John rolled his eyes, pressing a kiss to his cheek and clambering out of their four-post bed.
Sherlock really didn’t know how to take care of himself.
"There must be. There must be something you can do." Sherlock gestured to his papers, indicating his high position in government. "When you go to London tomorrow, take me with you, we'll go see the doctor, she can fix me." Sherlock smiled hopefully, his plan made perfect sense! Sherlock's smile faltered as his brother simply looked back down at his papers, ignoring him entirely. Not a flinch. Sherlock balled his fists, his cheeks flushed with frustration. Anger bubbled in his tummy, it wasn't right. People shouldn't get to do that, to hurt anybody else. He burst into raging tears, leaping across the room to shove a stack of papers to the floor. Mycroft stood tall and angry, glaring down at him.
"You look beautiful, Sherlock. You'll understand when you're older." Oh, if only that were true.
much easier in heat, when his pain receptors were weakened and he was dripping with lubricant.
“Shh...that’s alright, sweet boy, daddy’s right here,” Sherlock bit back a teeny sob.
"No, sporting events aren't my natural milieu."
“Yes, baby, you like it?” John opened Sherlock’s door for him and Sherlock slid into the soft cream leather seat.
”What are you doing here?” Sherlock growled, still standing, glaring down at Mycroft. The Alpha flashed his teeth in a smile that sent shivers down Sherlock’s back.
"But, if I am, I want it, I want this, because," Sherlock furrowed his brows, unsure of what to say, the words tripping up inside of his chest. He sucked in a breath and collapsed his head into John's shoulder. "because you want it, and I love you."
He nestled into the covers of the bed, unsure how he got here, John’s tanned arms tight around him.
"Um, actually, I probably should talk to you first," John furrowed his brows and hmmed.
"Mind if I join you?" Sherlock's head snapped up to see Gregory, holding a thermos of tea. Sherlock nodded and looked back to the rising sun. "Brought something a bit stronger than tea," Greg held up a cigarette, which Sherlock greedily put between his lips, letting the older man light for him before sucking in the hot smoke into his lungs, the gravely burn smoothing out on a wave of nicotine.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Whenever I have bad dreams, I make my nan's chocolate biscuits, also, if I'm not mistaken, your time is coming up, so it's a double batch this morning," She smiled and Sherlock bit his lip. He hadn't even thought about his heat. His eyes wandered to the calendar over her shoulder. Let's see, if his last heat was on the 11th, one month, two months, fuck! He grumbled and threw his head down in a dramatic sigh, curls brushing on the bench.
Something horrible and dark and heavy rested in his chest, and Sherlock sputtered as he lifted a shirt to the washing line, fingers trembling around the pins.
"Does this count as a birthday present?" Sherlock whispered as he nuzzled into John's neck, arousal dampening beneath him as he breathed in the musky goodness of an alpha beginning his rut. It was a bit of a source of pride to be able to get John there out of heat.
"I saw you put something in his drink!" Greg cried, looking to Mycroft desperately. "he's lyin', I swear!"
"Wait! I forgot something!" Sherlock cried, rushing back into the door, not even chancing a look behind him to hear what John had to say. He pummeled straight into Greg, falling backwards, barely in time for him to grab his wrists and pull him up.
"Mm, more John" Sherlock's hips wiggled as he tightened his legs around John's hips, feeling John's thick cock through the thin material of his uniform trousers. "I- wanna help, John, help omegas,"
“Sherlock! You’re bloody freezing, get off!” John gasped and shoved the frozen boy off him, Sherlock erupting in giggles. John sat up quickly, eyes hazy with sleep, silvery hair whisked up on his head. He was instantly more concerned than annoyed with his icy morning snuggle,  “Why’re y’so cold, love?” He opened his eyes fully to see a blustery-cheeked Sherlock, hair flecked with snowflakes.
“he’s not bad, he’s wonderful. I love him. I just, I needed to do this.”
"Time to meet your uncle John, Emelia," Sherlock nodded at John who held his arms out, Emelia fussing at the new smell, letting out a little squeak.
, you should be glad I'm an anti-monarchist," John breathed as he pressed his hand onto Sherlock's hip, wrapping his fingers around their cocks, just the slightest tip of his fingernails scratching across Sherlock's shaft, leaving the paler man a trembling mess, his legs twitching beneath John's denim-clad thighs.
Sherlock was shaking, violent tremors filling him as he stood in the washroom of the nursery. He double checked the lock. Secure. His fingers clenched tightly around the pair of scissors, the metal handles rubbing a bit of rust on his palms. His shorts, braces, socks and pants were abandoned in a heap by his feet, and he was clad only in his button down, watching himself in the mirror. He flipped another page in the book that lay open on the sink.
Sherlock's breath caught as he held the paper tight in his fingers, eyes wide as he watched himself in the reflective shop windows, leaving the Territorial Service office and going back to Baker Street for his last night. His stomach fluttered like a thousand butterflies inside of him, and he looked at the Sherlock staring back from the window, in his smart looking khaki shorts and uniformed shirt and blazer. He grimaced and looked down at his bare knees, shuffling a bit in the heavy standard issue fabric. He looked silly, but when he'd asked for trousers they'd laughed in his face. He read his orders over and over, growing antsier and antsier as he made his way home. He received some amused looks as he went, and he ignored them, feeling rather important as he stepped down the street.
"BARK! BARK bark bark bark bark!"
". Sherlock had never been shopping in his life. Things just sort of, happened.
“I think we need to talk, baby,” John murmured, pulling Sherlock out of bed, “go wash up and get dressed, your clothes are clean and folded in the washroom.” Sherlock nodded and headed to the bathroom, washing his face and brushing his teeth with the brand new bamboo toothbrush. He dressed quickly, feeling strange in his dressy outfit from the restaurant. He unbuttoned his shirt and pulled daddy's t-shirt back on, breathing in the calming scent. He quickly exited to the sitting room, smelling something yummy.
"the Prime Minister is an idiot, now do as I say, we need to start evacuating
"I drove the car into a ditch." he mumbled.
"Yes, exactly like that," Mycroft paused again, turning towards the door, doing his damn hardest not to salivate at the sweet sugary scent of a fertile omega. "This is wonderful news Sherlock, I promise," Mycroft fought the tears that welled in his eyes. "I promise."
"Why did you save me, John, why did you come back for me?!" Sherlock cried, eyes blurry with tears, "Why did you fucking get shot?!"
"No, of course it's okay, where's Emelia?" Sherlock bubbled excitedly and Greg itched his head awkwardly.
"Shh, shh, he's alright, isn't he? Is he safe?"
John obliged, wrapping strong arms around him, Sherlock's shiny nose stuffed into his chest, his shoulders shivering and shuddering.
"Mummy, I'm sleepy," William whimpered, burrowing his face into her skirt.
"Christ, Sherlock, what's going on?!" John shouted, and Sherlock only caved in on himself, tears slipping out from his eyes and down his cheeks. John growled, anger bubbling inside of him, and he reached out and grabbed Sherlock by the arm and pulled him up, and Sherlock whined as his back muscles spasmed. The Doctor in John was now
"Oh, please, more, Jawn, please," The omega sobbed, his eyes full of tears, teeth pressing on his bottom lip. John growled and obliged, stretching and scissoring his fingers before adding a third, just to be on the safe side, working the already fluttering hole open.
at Sherlock, his eyes evaluating Sherlock in that horrible way he was used to. Sherlock was so tired of proving his own worth. The Alpha stood abrubtly, his chair squeaking on the concrete floor as he huffed over to a desk in the corner of the room, retrieving something. He set down the paper on a desk with a pencil and tapped the wood, inviting Sherlock to take a seat.
Sherlock squeaked, cursing his bloody omega for his stupidity, and slowly made his way across the tiled floor, clicking open the lock and crawling back to his spot. John pushed open the door, almost gagging at the scent of an omega in distress- fear and anxiety that seeped into his skin. He felt like the worst man in the world. Sherlock refused to look at him, so John sat, back against the claw foot tub, hands clasped in front of his knees.
"Roast sounds good,"
"Holmes, y'alright? Take a deep breath, that's an order," Sherlock sucked in a wobbly breath and blinked, his vision focusing. "There you are, sweetheart, you gave me a fright,"
"What?" He whispered, and Mycroft nodded, eyes brimming with liquid. Not tears. Couldn't be.
"Hi," The soft looking Scottish man approached him and shook his hand, "I'm John," Sherlock nodded, taking his hand and shaking it.
"I'm rubbish at dancing," Sherlock said glumly, tummy tied in knots.
"I'm concerned Sherlock!"
"Alright! I'm going!" The detective growled, shoving his hands in his pockets and leaving through the gate. Sherlock refused to watch him go, eyes fixed on something in the distance, heart heavy and eyes welling with tears he refused to let fall.
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" John's stable, concerned voice cut through him and he dragged his eyes away from his friend, tears welling in his eyes, lip pulled between his teeth, skin pale and ghostly.
"You be good for Uncle Sherlock, Emmy," Greg whispered, pressing a kiss to her head before rushing out of the morgue. Sherlock looked down at her himself, offering her a finger, which she grabbed tight into her first, opening her mouth and trying to eat it. Sherlock laughed, sweet and small and really more sad than happy, and John stood catatonic, watching his husband go completely under into his omega, natural care taking instincts buzzing. He smelled delicious, like ripe summer berries and honey and clover and John growled, coming foward to press a kiss to his mop of chocolate. Sherlock scrunched up his nose but smiled.
"Sod your expiriments, and Mrs. Hudson, it's my bloody birthday and I'll bugger my husband if I jolly well want to," John growled before launching forward and devouring Sherlock's mouth, teeth clacking and tongue exploring as he pulled him to the ground. Sherlock turned his head and grumbled.
Sherlock stood frozen for a moment before melting into the touch.
"Sherlock,"
10 August 1939
"No!" Sherlock said quickly, looking up at John with wide, desperate eyes, "Don't change it at all, I love it," John smirked and stepped forward, eyes swirling and dark. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle and planted a kiss to the side of his neck, lips ghosting the pale pink mark there.
Also, ~foreshadowing~
"Get some sleep now, darling, and I'll see you tomorrow, I'll be the one standing at the front."
“S-sir?”
Sherlock nodded, pearly blue eyes averted, watching the carpark intently. John leaned in closer, palm against Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock dark navy shorts as well, if not a bit shorter and tighter, with a silky long sleeved blouse, with sunglasses tucked up over his hair scarf. John leaned in and pressed a kiss just above Sherlock's ear, twirling a finger through a single ringlet of ebony.
"Wait, Mycroft," Sherlock breathed, "did you say this, because Lestrade told you to?" The older alpha paused, breath caught in his throat. He contemplated telling the truth, but changed his mind.
“No, It was your father’s car-rich father, summer holidays in the country? You come from money. Family estate.” John’s mouth was slightly agape and Sherlock’s face flushed. God, he was such a clot. Once he started smarting off, nobody wanted to be around him. But John only smiled. He chuckled.
Sherlock smiled under his breath, looking up with wide almost-tearful eyes, tucking his hands in his pockets. Something warm was tugging in his heart and he sniffled, rubbing his eyes and laughing. And for once he didn't feel weak for letting a few tears out.
and stood idly for a moment, taking in the sights before a warm hand found it's place on it's back, working around to his waist and Sherlock gasped as he was suddenly being danced with, his hand locked in a firm dry grasp. He looked up, cheeks a deep scarlet and blinked. Captain Moran.
“I can do that, Sherlock, I would be honoured to keep you,” Sherlock let out the breath he was holding and matched John’s kind smile. John adjusted the collar in his hands. “You don’t have to wear this, Sherlock,”
Sherlock blinked, once. Twice. He shook his head. He knew this was happening, everyone knew this was happening. But fuck. It was happening, right now. He was frozen, frozen solid. He was going to die, John was going to die. And if John died, Sherlock would die. A broken sob fell from his lips as he closed his eyes tight. He loved John. He loved him more than anything because he had never loved before. Never. Not mummy, not Mycroft, not even Lestrade.
“Sherlock, just give it a look, think of poor Scotland Yard,” Sherlock laughed and bit his lip harder. He really did not want to go out, he was feeling so vulnerable, so sensitive, he didn’t want anyone but John.
"Is something wrong?"
"Holiday?" Sherlock slurred, attempting to grasp a rouge piece of salad that evaded his fork.
"Go on, you loon, get to it," He nodded, turning, before he raced back around and gave her a kiss. She laughed and nudged him away. He gave Lestrade a tiny wave before he passed through the open gate, his whole body glowing. He quickly made his way down a path and into the directed building, climbing the staircase and finding a dark haired woman in a uniform like his loitering outside of the room labeled 9.
"Amen, Mrs. H," John smiled, leaning on the top of the refrigerator. She cooed and planted a kiss on his cheek.
"Yes, I'm well aware of that, don't be stupid. Precautions will need to be made. My secretary will brief you tomorrow,"
“‘Excuse me?”
"John's enjoying himself I guess,"
"No, John," He whimpered, eyes shut tight as his scalp burned.
good” John chuckled.
"Martin, why am I dressed so funny?" Sherlock gaped at the valet with intense curiosity, gesturing to his quite girlish frilly outfit. "I look like I'm getting christened again." Martin bit his lip and pushed a golden ring onto Sherlock's finger, but it slipped off, bouncing off the floor and rolling under the bed. "I'll get it!" Sherlock dropped to his tummy and began to crawl before Martin could stop him.
"Sherlock," Daddy snarled as he pushed closer, pumping into Sherlock roughly, tugging at his hair and devouring the sweet whines and whimpers beneath him. The bells on his collar jingled luridly with each thrust, "that's good, Sherlock, that's
"I'm glad you like it, love,"
Christmas.
"Or maybe," John leaned forward, twiddling the tag of Sherlock's collar in his fingers. "Maybe you don't deserve to wear this."
"Hey handsome," His head snapped up to see Gregory, looking rather smart in his tails, sitting next to him on the bench in the corridor. "It's almost time for speeches." He smiled, budging over, closer, their legs touching, and Mycroft gave a small smile before placing his hand on his husband's thigh, giving it a bit of a squeeze.
"broken?"
Martin had told him exactly what to do when he got to the front of the abbey, but he was so nervous, he could barely remember. All eyes were turned to him as he made his way to the altar, the Vicar and Mycroft watching him with looks he couldn't understand. A mixture of pity and disappointment. Sherlock swallowed thickly, tears brimming in his eyes as he felt a hundred eyes blaring down him. He made a few shy steps before he made eye contact with his favourite uncle Rudy, who was watching him with genuine fear and concern. Sherlock burst into tears, falling to the floor and wrapping himself into a ball. His Mother scoffed and Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose. The chapel filled with coos and
"No, I-" Sherlock paused, "I'm engaged."
"Oh no of course not, they really ought to change the names of these things, it's horribly prejudiced, but all omegas and f-betas are technically allowed to join." She grinned, toodling off to fetch a pamphlet from a bench nearby, handing it to Sherlock.
"I will always come back, darling, I promise."
(See the end of the chapter for
"There's lots of work to do, sometimes I don't notice," Gregory nodded, rolling the glass in a circle, the last drops of scotch spread evenly, his heart aching.
"Just a minute daddy!" Sherlock quickly popped open the tin and rubbed a finger of the red makeup on his nose. He giggled at his reflection, wiggled his tail a bit before dashing out the door and into the hall, standing quite literally like a deer in headlights, daddy sitting powerfully before him in his armchair, sipping his drink, clad in his white dress shirt, dinner jacket and bow-tie quite forgotten. Something soft and Christmas-y was on the record player and the fireplace crackled. Daddy's eyes raked over him, licking his lips and widening his eyes.
"John, me and Myc adore you. You're a good man, a wise man, and while I can't say being married to a Holmes' boy is easy," His eyes sparkled to Mycroft, who was leaning on his umbrella in the corner, "It is most definitely worth it. Best thing in the world, I say. Really, John, believe me when I say that this one, is the kindest, sweetest, bravest omega I know, and it's no small feat to be able to say that you've earned his love. Treat him well, John," There was something close to warning beneath his tone, but he could only grin, overcome with pride, deep brown eyes full of emotion, "Respect him, spoil him, try not to shout, and love him, as much as you can, because he deserves it." Greg choked, laughing at himself for being misty-eyed, "He really truly deserves it.
"Je t'ai apporté le petit déjeuner," (I brought breakfast for you) She handed him a tray, and he politely nodded.
Sherlock Holmes was not the kind of omega who blushed. He wasn't. He
"This project, what I am building here, is quite possibly more important than you are capable of understanding, I'm terribly sorry, son, I don't hire on recommendation, whether it's an order or not"
be alive, answer me, damnit!" He shook his head, lulling forward and finding himself on a very wet shoulder. "Cough it out, Sherlock," He gasped as there was a slap to his back and he did cough, horribly, and snot and blood dribbled out of his nose and his eyes burned from the salt.
At first it tingled, but soon he was floating. He was numb, he couldn't feel
"Ta, Mycroft,"
"No, no, don't attempt to placate me- I have held my tongue for long enough, Sherlock. You have only ever brought shame on us- the way you carry on- disgusting attempt to hide the facts of life- the fact that you are not in control. You are under me, you will respect me. you think life will be easy for you? Do you have any idea what will happen if you aren't settled soon?!"
"God, you're lucky, we have to keep our hair up above the collar, and we're not allowed ribbons,"
“Why would I do that? You’re not rotten, darling,” Sherlock was so upset the change in John’s voice went over his head, but John was feeling terribly guilty. He hadn’t really thought this through- of course Sherlock was scared! Some drunken officer flirting with him, what was John thinking leaving him alone? John cursed himself for getting angry, for letting Sherlock believe that he might hurt him, or leave him. What kind of daddy was he? He bent down and planted a kiss on his baby boy's curly mop. “You’re not rotten at all.”
. John H. Watson who liked strawberry jam and hated sugar in his tea. John H. Watson who wore a kilt at his wedding and hated every damn minute of it. John H. Watson who kissed him like he was a treasure and was generous and kind and gentle, even if he could break every bone in your body.
"You saved my life you idiot! Now let me save yours!"
"Erm," Sherlock paused, shivering, "Hackney, I think, I'm in a call box. I got l-lost, I'm cold." Sherlock shuddered, looking round the rainy streets.
"Oh that's a brilliant comeback John, really," the omega rolled his eyes but his smile gave him away.
"But- I-"
"Really Jawn?"
All his. Jesus, he was perfect.
Sherlock, sweet perfect Sherlock- touching his hand, his back, he was kissing his ear! Jesus Christ! John growled, clenching his fist by his side.
obey me." John grunted, patting soft across Sherlock's burning buttocks. He let a blubbering Sherlock up, who barely rose beforehe took one look in his eyes and took off running, grabbing clothes and rushing into the bath, closing and locking the door.
"We aren't winning,"
He looked down to his hands, and the silver ring that stared up at him. How such a small little piece of silver could mean so much- a bonded omega was, in some sense, freer than an unbonded one, he could travel alone, go to work, go to the shops, all without supervision, as long as John had given his approval. But yet, he was still
"Mycroft, was a lot like your friends," John grumbled.
"Sherlock you've got to let go of me," The doctor whispered, reaching with his good hand to wipe the petrol from Sherlock's beautiful cheekbones, and to let his fingers touch his petal skin once more. Sherlock's eyes were a brilliant pale ice as he panted, leg muscles quivering at the exertion.
N-nobody should get to do that anybody else." Sherlock said softly, "Nobody should get to hurt anybody else."
"Entscheidungs problem, you proved it,"
"Oh," Sherlock breathed, looking over to John, with his scruffy almost-beard and Indigo eyes, lips turned into a sad little smile. John had the most beautiful smile in the world, Sherlock decided. Yes, he ought to be in a record book somewhere. Sherlock swallowed and returned it shyly. "So, you don't want-?"
"I want to go see Emelia, maybe the weekend. Or tomorrow," Mycroft whispered, and the Detective groggily flipped onto his back, eyes soft and wide and chocolate brown, the twilight resting on his tanned skin like silver dust.
"Now, somewhere, up in the ranks, somebody has specifically mentioned you. Not only as a promotion to officer for your bravery, but as a recruit for something rather hush hush I'm sure you'll want."
"Besides, who'd want an omega like me?" Sherlock added, swallowing nervously and putting out the butt of the cigarette.
"Inherit him?"
thing," Sherlock let out his breath and looked away, fingers fidgeting at his side.
"Arthur Smith."
"Um, who sir?"
“No. Sherlock. That was very bad, I don’t want you up there by yourself again, ever. Do you understand?” John was shouting and Sherlock’s lip quivered in shame. Angry daddy was
"No. He's not. I just want to be alone!"
"Paris?! Oh John, are we going to see it?"
"Good. Over the coffee table, boy," Sherlock looked up, eyes wide and pleading. John glared, "now. I will not ask again." Sherlock quickly, but hesitantly, crawled to the coffee table, kneeling, unsure what to do. John huffed, grabbing one of the D-rings of his collar and dragging him over the top, pushing his shoulders down onto the tabletop. He wrapped a firm hand around each wrist, placing each hand on a corner of the table. Sherlock's arse was perfectly exposed as he bent forward, knees digging into the carpet. His ears and neck were glowing scarlet with blush at the humiliatingly exposed position. He whined as Master slapped the inside of his thighs, forcing him to open his knees even further. John growled dangerously.
"Good because I don't wanna hear another noise from you unless it's your safe word, are we clear?" John tutted and circled Sherlock again, the submissive bowing his head back down, eyes locked on the patterns of the rug. He nodded solemnly.
hope you enjoyed this chapter lovely people <3
Sherlock's stomach turned, guilt churning inside of him.
"I doubt I'll see him again. Not for a long while."
"I like your brother quite a lot."
John snarled, teeth embedded in Sherlock's flesh, hips still bucking, the knot quite sealed. He let go and began to painstakingly clean the nasty mark, lapping at the drops of blood at the purpling bite.
"And who's gonna make me, blondie?" He laughed, sniffing her as well.
"This is not a toy gun, Mr. Holmes, nor is it another medal for you to pin on your uniform. The privileges you enjoy outside of this room have nothing to with you inside of it, am I clear?"
"He's got nothing to do with it. I'm not my father."
“Yes, sir, just thinking,” John smiled. Sherlock took one more bite before pushing his plate away. “I’m not very hungry, daddy,” John furrowed his eyebrow but took his plate. Sherlock fiddled with his fingers nervously before John picked him up, hands under his armpits, setting him on his hip, hand firm under his bum. He carried him to the living room, setting him down gently before reclining his armchair. He looked at Sherlock sweetly and patted his thigh. Sherlock bit his lip and crawled into his daddy’s lap, legs in between John’s legs, hands folded in front of him delicately. John took Sherlock’s hand in his own, tracing over his long fingers and sharp knuckles. “I thought we’d write them down together, does that sound okay, sweetheart?” Sherlock nodded, suddenly shy. John chuckled and pulled out a pen and pad. “Here, you already know this one,” John wrote at the top,
"Fuck off." Harry groaned, her anger soothing at the lack of competing alpha scent. "You're right. You do look ridiculous."
"You're bloody serious," John sat back on his heels and shook his head in disbelief, "You git, do you know what you do to me?"
"Oh, now see, you're a whole different person about him," Greg's eyes  glowed with sadness. "I know that you love him, but I don't think he does,"
"I can do it, love, no need to worry," John said sweetly, quickly taking the tea pot in his hands, strong, callused hands that looked rather in-congruent with the fine china, pouring out two cups of tea. "how do you take it?"
Sherlock swallowed nervously, leaning forward, duffel held tight in his hand as they approached the big red brick building.
Apparently, that was enough of a consolation speech. He barely listened to her instructions, his mind floating away from him, bobbing up agianst the water he so stubbornly excaped from. They shouldn't have gone below, if Sherlock wasn't so stupid he would've known. He should've
11 March, 1929
Mrs. Hudson hummed as she washed the dishes, feet shuffling about, hips swaying. Sherlock was quiet, silent, as he sat at her table, nose buried in a book. She grinned and scrubbed intently, tune jolly and bright. The sun was out, and it shone through her curtains in lovely rays that warmed the dark lower floor. Sherlock had taken to spending a few hours in her flat in the mornings, sipping at tea and barely nibbling at the scrummy breakfasts she cooked.
"Up you get, I have to brush
She was flirting with him. His mind was practically running off it's tracks. A woman, an omega, was flirting with him.
Sun filtered in through the small kitchen window and Sherlock couldn't shake his fear. He was helpless, he was needy, he was nothing without John. He clenched his eyes shut and pulled his shaking fingers into fists on his thighs as Hudders milled about the upstairs kitchen. Sherlock shuddered as his mind flashed with terror, he fought it, he pushed it through his mind palace, trying to find a safe place to store this monster, snarling, sizzling, oily monster.
"Your feelings for me are trivial,
"Bloody arrogant git," John mumbled under his breath, and could almost hear Sherlock's smirk.
“Mummy and Mycroft have decided that I have to
"Darling, stop that now," He watched Sherlock intently, soaking in every detail of his bleary cheeks and trembling eyelashes, "love, we need to have a chat about what happened tonight, you gave me a bit of a scare," Sherlock looked up innocently, lip quivering.
"Y-yes, John,"
"What?" Sherlock looked over, oblivious, he looked nervous, his curls stuck to his forehead with sweat.
"Y-yes Jawn," Sherlock croaked, and John clenched his hands into fists.
"MYCROFT! MUMMY! PLEASE! SOMEBODY HELP ME!" He pound weakly against the door, screaming at the top of his tiny lungs, tears pouring down his face at the sheer
"Yes, I'd like to know the address of Mrs. Esther Smith, in Sherinford"
His shaking hand.
"You can come, darling," John whispered gravely as he pummeled into him, hips bucking as he reached his climax as well. Sherlock came in a ribbon of clear fluid, and John roared, a deep grumble that shook through Sherlock as his knot began to swell- pushing at the sensitive ring of muscle
thank you for reading! <3
"I had a surprise for you, but, maybe it's too late now," Sherlock mumbled and John tutted.
The omega paused, lip bit, his eyes wide.
"God, you're a marvel, Sherlock," John said softly, "What ever did I do to deserve you," and Sherlock was almost warm for a moment, before he was once again present enough to feel the chills seeping in through the floor. Radiator must've gone out again. He'd learn later it was power cuts. He pulled down one of Hudder's knit blankets she insisted on drowning him in from the bed and wrapped himself up. He felt a wave of courage and he furrowed his brow in determination.
"Kent." Sherlock said sweetly, "drink this," He put a glass of water to John's lips and the doctor did as he was told, sipping until the glass was taken, his mouth still dribbling. His left arm rose, but spasmed and burned his shoulder, so he begrudgingly wiped it away with his right hand. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, and John budged up, pressing is back against the metal bed frame.
"Thank you, Jawn, it's- I love it, Jawn,"
"I don't want to be married, sir," Sherlock said softly, dolefully, "I don't want children either."
The diagram that stared back at him was deceptively brightly coloured. Cheerful little notes pointing the various tubes and organs of the Male Omega, happy little facts about fertility rates, heat cycles, knots. It made him want to puke.
"Jawn! Put me down!" Sherlock whined, kicking his feet a bit before slumping his head against John's back, curls falling down over his eyes. "Jawn!" He only mumbled as John pulled him down the hall. "John we haven't even had dinner," John grinned as he flopped Sherlock down on the bed, his husband's eyes looking rather more annoyed than incensed. John stepped back and gave Sherlock a nod.
"well fuck you too," Sherlock snarled, tugging with all his might, so alarmed that he was currently being outperformed by midget lapdogs. Suddenly, a horrible, terrible ripping noise echoed through the grand room and Sherlock yelped as he tumbled backwards, his sheet now being ripped to shreds by viscous canine teeth. "I'm telling your mother about this, young man, and don't you forget it," Sherlock wagged his finger at the largest dog who only shook his head vigorously, shredding the 400 thread count Egyptian cotton. Speaking of mummy...
in University before that?"
John scrubbed his face and leaned on his knees. He was the Alpha, it was his right to punish Sherlock for this. Keeping the wife and pups in line was an Alpha's job. Right?
"Mare Street? I'm scared, Greg, I'm not, I let myself-" Sherlock let out a broken sob before biting it back. "Please come get me, I'm really cold."
"You stop that talk this instant. Nothing you do can bring her back, so you need to buck up and deal with it. You're no use to your country like this. Do you understand?"
"Careful what you wish for, little brother," Mycroft tapped his umberalla into the gravel and gave Sherlock a look, pointing to the house, "Now go back inside and do something about your face." Sherlock pushed past Mycroft, huffing back to the house. The elder Holmes shook his head and continued on to speak with Brooks.
, and it felt so squishy, his own flesh was foreign to him as he pinched at his thighs. He swallowed, checked his breathing. He was alright. Dizzy, sleepy, but alright. He could breathe. He'd be alright. The door creaked open and Sherlock froze, eyes still pressed shut. There was rustling, and a shift in the weight of the bed, before John's scent grew stronger and stronger.
"It's to do with sex," Mycroft leered and Sherlock's skin flared a bit pink, his hair doing that lovely curly sides thing and John could only watch with silent delight, trying his damn best not to smile at Sherlock's embarrassment, seeing that dominatrix stuff.
"Mr. Turing"
30 May 1939
"Sherlock, love, can you reach this for me?"
"John's not here, is he?" Sherlock snapped and sucked in another drag and closed his eyes. The elderly woman paused and crossed her arms, still watching with a sly smile.
"Brilliant, Sherlock." He smiled, eyebrows raised, and Sherlock glowed with pride.
"Hey! We're in church," Gregory jokingly scolded, wrapping his arm around his shoulders. "But we all know where you snuck off to,"
,” John whispered as he let go of Sherlock’s neck, his knot still inflated inside of his mate. “God, you’re beautiful Sherlock,” John whispered, hands rubbing lovingly along Sherlock’s shivering chest, peppering kisses along the back of his shoulders.
"J-Jawn," He keened before he collapsed into panting, crawling to the side of the bed and leaning his head back against the covers. "How did you-"
He shook his head and watched daddy’s hands intently. Kind, strong hands that made tea like it was breathing.
“He alright?” He nodded towards Sherlock, who swiftly made his way outside, wrapped up tight in his coat.
“You poor little thing, we’ll have to start with the classics, hm?” John clicked through Netflix and settled on The Grinch. Sherlock sighed and rolled over in daddy’s lap, staring up at his bearded chin longingly.
"No, just to some people, you're lucky you know," Sherlock keened, the cooling effects of Mycroft's scent and the icecream fading as his heat continued to ravage his tiny body.
dot dash dash dash(J), dash dash dash (O), dot dot dot dot (H), dash dot (N), he tapped it out on his knee with his finger, smiling sadly before tapping on his bondbite,
so very festive...
"Sherlock, hello, I'm Dr. Morgan," An alpha male entered the room, and his scent only made Sherlock worse, tears in his eyes as his whole body fought to escape, to get away. Dr. Morgan snapped on rubber gloves, wheeling over between Sherlock's legs, adjusting the restraints so that his knees hung right below his shoulders. The doctor sighed, examining the outer damage. "Made a bit of a mess of yourself, Sherlock," The doctor smiled kindly- a botched abortion seemed the likely culprit. The man who scheduled Sherlock had been hesitant to say anything, and his smell was all over Sherlock. Dr. Morgan thought for a moment- perhaps Sherlock hadn't done this to himself at all. The omega whined pitifully as the doctor pushed a finger inside him, stretching a bit and looking at the awful cuts. He gave Sherlock a pat on the inside of his thigh. "Can you tell me what was used here?"
"So, you're an omega, huh?" She leaned up on her side and beamed at him, and Sherlock nodded shyly, pulling his knees to his chest. "Pity, you're rather handsome." Sherlock's lips quirked into a smile and he laid back, looking up at the ceiling.
"A-tention," Sherlock sucked in a breath through his nose and turned, finding his place in the row and looking ahead, his eyes glassy. The commander gave them all a rough nod before placing her hands behind her back. "I know you probably didn't expect to lose sisters in combat, and I doubt anyone can be prepared for it, but you have to move on."
Mycroft Holmes hadn't been home in a solid week. Things were too busy, he couldn't rest even for a moment, he had to be on call. Greg understood, he really did, he knew what they were up against, he read the papers. Germany was waiting to get Italy in line before they attacked Poland, which could be any day now. Emelia, did not know any of that, and was very upset to not have her papa nearby.
“I-I uh,” Sherlock’s voice was soft, choked with emotion, and it made John uneasy to see him like this. “I want this, sir, I want to be yours.” John’s eyebrows raised and he took the collar from Sherlock, skimming over the leather, jingling on the tag. It still had his last subs name engraved on it, his contact info on the back.
"How are you, love?" John smiled, fondly looking at the newly framed photograph of Sherlock- he'd made quite a stern face for his picture, but he was beautiful even in black and white.
"Darling, darling, you need to let it come out, it's the womb lining and," He paused, throat dry and craggly, tongue heavy in his mouth, "and the baby, you just need to bear it, love, it'll be over soon, be strong for me, darling,"
"Sherlock, don't be an idiot. We'll all have to do our share- and for you, that will be accepting that John very well may die."
Thomas, who in 12 years of service had never risen above Corporal. It didn't take a genius to figure out why. Bastard was an absolute prick. And he was
He slammed his fist to the worktop and keened, shoving his notes and papers to the ground. Why did John have to be such an idiot?! He could be home, he could be safe, but for some godforsaken reason he wasn't. He was out there and he could die when he had every reason not to.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Sherlock whimpered, eyes screwed shut, tears running down his bleary cheeks, still flushed in after glow.
going to visit you John." He said sternly, chaneling his inner-Mycroft. "And you are going to like it or lump it."
"Oh come on, don't be a spoilsport, you know what they're like, begging for it, I'd be doing the lad a favour- besides, he's as good as mine anyways."
"He had lots of money, and when I- when I did, the bad things," Sherlock pulled back to show daddy his arms as evidence, John nodded in understanding, "He, left me there, in the bad places, he said-" Sherlock paused, taking a shaky breath to continue, "said, said I wasn't worth the effort of fixing, cut me off from mummy, an- and I lived on the street for a while after that, then i got the job at the cafe and I, I did good on my exams, and they let me into university, a-and then I m-met y-you, d-addy," Sherlock's lips pressed closed, his eyes squeezing shut at the bad memories that filled him to the brim, sloshing over the edges and spilling down his cheeks.
"John, I can't swim, I'll drown," He said quickly, clinging around him even more desperately, looking back to the shore with worry.
Sherlock hurriedly pushed open the latch, the window swinging open, before poking his head up.
"No, you're coming, you'll feel better with a drink and some nice music, now get undressed and put these on," She tossed him his clothes and Sherlock grumbled as she set about doing her hair.
"Follow this, half a mile north and we should find it,"
Sherlock felt more tears down his face as John pulled away, eyes deep and glowing with a colbalt blue. He smiled, golden and warm like Mediterranean sunshine and pressed a final kiss to the crown of Sherlock's curls, lips brushing against the fabric of his silk scarf.
we froth milk, okay?”
"You're in the army now, love," John said fondly, reaching and grazing the little ringlets, the omega biting his lip, eyes wide and full of guilt.
"You can't say that, Gregory, you're frightened yourself! The apperature of your pupils, the tremor in your hand, besides the fact you've looked at the phone three times in the last minute. You're nervous. You think he's in trouble." Mycroft snapped, voice harsh and dominating, clearly needing to express his own fear. Greg didn't mind, wrapping his arms around
am I supposed to do with this?"
"Be careful, love, just in case there's two of you," John mumbled, not even thinking about it, his face flushing when he realized what he'd slipped. The air filled with tension, and Sherlock got up, dressing gown swinging around him as he stomped into his room. John pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, feeling horrible inside.
"Who, Mycroft?" The constable smirked. Who else would he be talking about?
"Fucking horrible." He rubbed his temple a bit and sighed.
Sherlock glared and turned, checking the clock for himself. It was indeed 5:30. When did that happen? He looked to the windows, which were indeed billowing with dusty warm light. Shit, John hadn't come home? At 5:30 in the morning? The syringe hid the frown that fought at the corners of his mouth. He shook his head and pulled the plunger syringe up in his urine sample, before finding a suitable patch in her ivory fur, estimating the muscle structure beneath and injecting quickly and cleanly, ignoring the little wriggle beneath his hand. Mrs. H put a hand over her mouth and gasped and Sherlock gave Bluebell a pat.
" Esther looked him in the eyes through the mirror, placing hands on either of his shoulders and giving him a meaningful little smile.
"Come over, Mycroft, you'll love this."
“You were...” Sherlock whispered, taken aback, “scared?”
Suddenly, the blanket stirred, a soft whining filling the country air. Greg immediately pulled it back, and gasped, leaning down and checking the baby's heartbeat.
"I'll leave you, then," She said, giving Sherlock's shoulder a pat and leaving, the door clicking shut behind her as the large blond circled the desk and slumped into the chair, looking at the tiny omega across from him.
2. Hide his service from John completely. That would be rather arduous, and excluding and unplanned incidents or information being exchanged, he had three people he needed to be in on the lie: Mrs. Hudson (possible), Lestrade (also possible) and Mycroft (impossible). Again, not a viable option.
Christ Sherlock," John growled, and Sherlock quickened his paces, swirling his tongue through the thick ginger hair and using his hands to cup his bullocks and give a light squeeze. John yanked on Sherlock's hair before he went still, cock sputtering and pouring spunk down Sherlock's throat before he pulled away, letting the last few squirts land across Sherlock's pure, reddening mouth. The omega licked his lips and sat back on his heels, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and looking expectantly up to his alpha, reaching out to touch his calves delicately as John zipped himself up. They shared a look and Sherlock fell into giggles. John put his hands on his hips and watched as Sherlock pulled himself up.
Sherlock's eyes widened, and Mycroft seemed to enjoy his discomfort. John smiled into his teacup, licking his lips and taking a hearty sip, feeling rather pleased with himself.
John's hips stilled, his head thrown forward in a growl, fingers digging into the pale flesh of his husband's bony hips. He clenched his teeth around Sherlock's neck, paralyzing the poor weakened lad. His cock throbbed as each wave of his orgasm poured into Sherlock, gushing and filling him to the brim, the milky thick substance drizzling around Johns' knot he was so full. The omega sobbed with relief, curls sticking to his forehead and cheeks a dark crimson flush, his chest and neck rosy and pink.
"Fine, fine. But I can only negotiate that if you promise that you'll accept an alpha. You can choose, but you deserve happiness, stability."
"I'm strong."
“Sherlock, why don’t you just help Lestrade figure out who did it, alright?” John’s level and encouraging voice offered, somewhat confused as to Sherlock’s glare.
He rubbed his hand along it, suddenly his heart racing. He wasn't sure. He wouldn't be sure for weeks, and only then, he'd need a doctor to examine his...he shuddered, crossing his legs and adjusting the lenses.
thank you for reading cuties, forgive me and my horrible attempts at smut <3
"Why're you telling me this?" Sherlock glared.
"Au revoir, Marie!" Sherlock echoed, and John smirked to himself.
“I want it to be,” He whispered.
"No Sherlock. Do
“Your haircut and the way you stand says military, but you’re a doctor, so army-doctor, and you still have a tan, but not above your wrists or neck, so somewhere sunny, so Afghanistan or Iraq.” Sherlock bit his lip nervously, looking out the window.
He picked up the pace to a punishing speed, his Alpha completely at the wheel as he rut, pummeling the weak and trembling omega. Each thrust sent Sherlock's head backwards, drunk and bleary with his needs.
God, if Sherlock had the option to be such an arsehole like that, he would.
The solicitors office was dark and musty, books lining the shelves and the air heavy with smoke. John grimaced, his left hand spasming like mad as he sat in the waiting room, memories of pipe tobacco and smoke and-
"Is something the matter?"
.” He sighed as a few eyes found him after that comment.
“I just wanted to play-”
"Sherlock?" Master's voice was dripping with concern, running fingers through Sherlock's curls as Sherlock keened. "Colour, Sherlock,
His trousers, pants and bandages were removed, and he almost fainted at the blood still gushing from the gauzy pads. She proceded to strap down his kicking legs, and his anxiety skyrocketed. She left. Sherlock wriggled and writhed in his bonds, heart beating out of his chest. This wasn't real. This wasn't real.
"Alright," He said softly and he could hear John sigh on the other end.
"Sherlock, this is not your fault, not in any sense of the word."
"f-fine," He said softly after a moment, swallowing thickly and trying not to tremble. John smelled so good, so safe and warm and powerful and his omega wanted to curl into his arms, to be protected.
"No, this shirt with these trousers. What did you think I meant, genius?" Sherlock grumbled.
"Well, you've left me burnt offerings," John growled, pulling Sherlock to his feet, and Sherlock gave him a glare.
I'm ever so sorry this chapter is so short, I haven't slept a wink last night writing it and now the sun is up and I must go to bed. I promise promise promise the next chapter will be big!! *cough* wedding *cough*
"You look, pale," Offered the dark skinned omega in the corner, who twiddled her fingers nervously, twitching as Greg pat Sherlock. Her skin tone did little to hide the dark bruises that covered half her face. She seemed insecure under Sherlock's gaze so he looked down at his wrist as Greg buttoned his cuff links. Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but it snapped shut.
8 September 1939
“That was amazing, Sherlock, quite extraordinary.” Sherlock smiled.
"And now, and now I could be
He cried out, sharp and begging and needy as he came, the clear stuff only adding to the puddle on the floor, his hole still dripping and exposed to the cold air.
2) It may get even more ~heated~ in the French Riviera next chapter...;)
"Sherlock? Are you awake?"
"No, Martin, I've got loads of work to do, give my apologies to the Dowager," Mycroft sighed, buttoning his tweed jacket and sighing, looking up the stairs. "Sherlock's not getting any dinner tonight," He gave the older man a nod and turned back to his study. Why couldn't Sherlock just, get with the programme? Money was tight- and a successful marriage would procure the assets to keep the estate together, to give Sherlock the lifestyle he deserved. His early presentation should have given them ample time to prepare him, to mold him, but yet- Sherlock acted as if he was the heroine of a Jane Austen novel. Mycroft had gone to extreme lengths to try and fix his troublesome brother- painting lessons, violin, manners. None of it had worked. Sherlock was seemingly unfixable.
John huffed as he pounded up the stairs, arms laden with shopping. He stopped in his tracks at the sight in the sitting room. His flatmate was kneeling, head pointed down, curly fringe brushing against his eyes, clenching a black leather collar in his fists. He didn’t look up when John came in, his eyes fixed on the floor, shoulders held back, posture perfect. John’s cock stirred and he swallowed, setting the shopping down and putting his hands on his hips. Sherlock holding his collar, knelt perfectly at his feet was a stimulating thing to come home to.
Jawn I think I need you- need you to-" Sherlock keened through his nose, a wave of heat and pain rippling through every muscle in his body, each nerve ending burning with fire, his skin glowing with sweat. He lay on his back, knees bent and spread open. John took his place between his legs, breathing deep gulps of ripe and intoxicating omega heat. His chest thundered with growls, and he brought his nose between Sherlock's thighs, nuzzling at his small little cock through the fabric. Sherlock bucked his hips up and moaned, but John sat up and tapped his thigh.
24 May 1940
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Sweet, innocent, weepy blue eyes found his instantly, and John could see something was wrong. Sherlock looked, defeated, not excited, not his shy sweet self, but a broken creature. John leaned in inquisitively and scented his neck before crawling off of him immediately, gagging at the acrid, sickening smell.
"Sir, I don't speak polish, please, just lie down,"
Pale moonlight shone across his skin, every mark and tiny scar glowing with a heavenly colour of gold. His chest rose and fell solidly, steadily, that's what John was. Steady. Strong. Constant. Home. Sherlock's eyes flickered over him, memorizing him. This was
"His name is Sherlock," The solicitor's mouth hung open just the slightest bit and John tried to hide the gloat on his face. Male omegas were rare, and coveted among alphas- being exceptionally fertile and legendary bed mates. "I need to be sure he'll be my sole heir, and free to stay in my house." Mr. Carmichael looked at him quizzically, as if he had three eyes, before clearing his throat.
"Jaawwn!" Sherlock groaned, writhing on the bed, feeling the beginnings of slick between his legs. He caught his breath, tears running down his face, "Jawn I- I- I don't, I've never-" Sherlock whispered, shaking his head, sweaty curls slapping against his skin.
Sherlock moaned as John pressed him against the wall of the supply closet, some silver candlesticks clattering to the floor. Sherlock's curls flopped back against his neck as he let out a breathy cry, John's hands roaming his naked body with medical precision, delicate and firm and callused and soft and- oh! He twisted Sherlock's left nipple with a punishing snap, and Sherlock keened.
strong Alphas,"
"I'll do it myself then!" Sherlock said quickly, not even knowing what he was saying.
Something was wrong, he could feel it. He felt as if his skin were being shred from his body in strips, and he let out a shaky breath through his nose, his curls drenched in seawater and sweat. This wasn't heat, it wasn't- this was an attack, his body suddenly overwhelmed with waves of emotion and panic- a familiar smell barely filtering into his nostrils. But it couldn't be, it couldn't.
"I didn't know you spoke french, darling,"
"It's a camera!" Sherlock beamed, holding it and looking down in to the viewfinder, "Look, there's you!" He smiled at the little reflection of John, sitting in their room with his uniform on.
"Yes, Jawn,"
"I'm sorry, we don't speak french, ma'am," John scrunched his eyebrows and Sherlock cut in.
Sherlock's fingers twitched, his throat filled with bile as he approached the gates, his heart skipping a few beats inside his chest. He could do this. He was ready. The seventeen year old swallowed thickly before pushing them open, stepping across the path to the garage. He bit his tongue at the memories that seemed to haunt each step he took. Her eyes, her hands, grasping him, pulling him. He shook his head to shake it away fruitlessly, pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes.
Captain John Watson makes his introductions
"I'm afraid there's nothing to be done about that," Mycroft dismissed him, pulling out a file and returning to his work. Sherlock growled and stomped once more, the older ginger alpha eyeing him from above his spectacles.
“Ah, praise-kink huh?” John chuckled and Sherlock looked down embarrassedly. “No shame in that, darling, it’s all fine.” John took a deep breath, stabilizing himself to continue. “Is that what you want Sherlock, to be
"I- uh, thank you," Sherlock bit his scabbing lip.
“Y’gotta go to work daddy?” Sherlock mumbled as John covered his eyes to rinse his hair.
him to submit to the rush of endorphins that obedience would give him. Sherlock grit his teeth, he would endure this. He would not be broken. Miss Adler quirked a dark smile, squinting at her unruly omega charge.
"No, Mycroft. No way, in hell." Sherlock seethed, the telephone handle grasped so tightly in his fist, he was sure any more pressure and the vessel might snap in two, it's wiry and mechanical innards spilt across the floor.
I'll forget what I saw instead of arresting you."
“Good boy, Sherlock,” Daddy praised and pulled Sherlock back into his lap, pushing his laptop closed as Sherlock straddled him, arms resting on his shoulders. Sherlock blushed feverishly as daddy began to kiss his neck, sucking a dark mark on his clavicle. He bit down hard and Sherlock whined, secretly enjoying that it might bruise- a mark to prove that he was John’s. John tapped his arse and Sherlock scurried off, he had some wrapping to do.
“Good lad, now let’s go,”
again, I'm sorry if you feel like I let you down
"Alright, yes, I'll see you later Greg,"
"Get out of here...but you wanted to dance?" Sherlock asked softly, looking more and more like a lost kitten by the minute. John smiled warmly, wrapping Sherlock's arm around his, leading him down the corridor and out into the night, enjoying the innocent and incredulous eyes that watched him intently.
"Hold on, I'm sorry,
"Jesus Christ! Have you taken something?!" John growled, eyebrows furrowed. Sherlock nodded meekly and began to cry some more.
"I'm Sherlock," He choked, lungs dry and weak as he coughed a bit into his sleeve before looking up worriedly.
today
thank you for all of your feedback!! I hope you enjoyed this chapter even if it is quite short. The next few will be significantly longer and more, *ahem* well, you know
"Are you saying we're going to war, Mycroft?"
*whispers* i promise he's gonna be okay
There was a knock on the door.
"just a guess," He mumbled. Daddy chuckled and placed a warm, firm hand right on top of Sherlock's thigh, brushing the hem of his silky pants, fingers ghosting his hips beneath them.
"Thank you, Greggory, his heat room is just upstairs, down the hall and to the left, can't miss it." Greg nodded and lugged the delirious omega down the hall towards the stairs.
*sigh* is this awful?? I'm in such a slump, I've outlined the next like ten chapters, I promise it all comes together, I promise it makes sense
"Oh, please," Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed at her plebian gossip-y nature, "Last thing I want is a mate."
"The man who I bought it from said it was a good one, but if he's wrong we can get a different one," Sherlock pulled the steel microscope out and examined it- it probably cost a fortune. Inside was a set of lenses and slides, as well as some things to clean it with.
"Oh, you would if you were married to her. Jesus Christ, she's horrible. I don't see why you're doing this, it's
"He," She paused, "Well, he's dead now, best not to dwell on the past, if you stay there, it'll eat you up, that's what I say,"
“Did you get all your stuff?” Ross nodded, blushing furiously from the kiss, setting Martin down. Marty sat and licked in between the toes of his paws. “You know, Everett, I uh, I want you to know that, that I do not take your care lightly, it’s in my bones to love and protect you, I don’t want this to be forced or awkward or unwanted,” Strange looked down at his boots, scuffing an imaginary spot on the floor. Everett reached and pulled his chin up to look at him, indigo eyes cavernous and blue.
"I-" Sherlock paused, a knot of something nervous and mournful in his throat, "I need to think," John smiled, wide and warm and glowing, filling Sherlock with light, brushing his thumb across his knee once more, squeezing a bit before returning to his cup and saucer.
aww silly Sherlock...thanks for reading cuties! <3 comments and suggestions always appreciated
." John smiled and Sherlock scampered behind him towards their room. He slipped a large t-shirt over Sherlock's bony frame before he held open his arms. Sherlock crawled into them happily, nuzzling into John's neck content, folding into him, a gangly little spoon, that would normally have been quite awkward, but Sherlock didn't mind. He paused, biting down on his injured lip before immediately stopping, the pain a sharp reminder of his mistakes.
"Sherlock! Oh dear, is it starting?" Mrs. Hudson knelt down next to him and he shook his head, getting up onto his knees.
"The bites, look," He pointed to a clear pattern of teeth marks, Molly leaning forward to inspect, "Clearly canine, but clean, not a rabid animal, no signs of infection around the bite, and the saliva isn't frothed. The jaw is too wide for a terrier, but too narrow for a mastiff, and here," Sherlock pulled a single hair between his yellow gloved fingers."Brown, black and white. Dog of that size and colouring, could be a bloodhound, but on balance, Fox Hound is the most likely. Large size pack going by the number of individual sized jaws,
"Wouldn't want to disobey
"So what is it?"
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open as he awoke, popping his head from out beneath his duvet, his hive of tangled curls flopping about as he sat up. Squares of winter sunlights cast over his room, plumes of dust set alight. Esther was pulling open the blinds, setting out his clothes. Martin had died a few years ago, and now the upstairs housemaids looked after him. Sherlock liked her- now that Nanny had been dismissed, she treated him like a grownup- besides the fact she dressed him like a paper doll. Sherlock slipped out of bed and pulled on his dressing gown, stre-e-etching his arms before collapsing back on top of the rumpled bed covers. Esther gave him a pat.
“You don’t have a fever, what are you feeling?” Sherlock gripped his tummy.
thank you for reading! I'd really appreciate suggestions of where to go from here! <3 *kisses*
"Good God, you really believe it don't you," Alan shook his head, "The lie that Alpha's can't help themselves, that it's your fault. It's not your fault for existing, Sherlock. I will personally assure that you are safe, you have to believe me, please stay, I'm sorry i was-"
"Don't we? Isn't that what you're purchasing? The rare male omega and his fabled fertility. Have you and Mycroft discussed breeding positions yet? Must be sure to have as many alphas as possible, right? King and Country and all that."
He leaned his forehead against the window of the Rols, watching the people that blurred together in lines of color and skin and hair along the buildings and pavement. The car slowed to a stop at a traffic light and Sherlock watched with intense fascination as a group of schoolboys walked by, laughing and clapping shoulders and kicking a football beneath their feet. Sherlock crumpled in on himself, a deep horrific jealousy filling him to the brim, threatening to make him cry some more.
Hugh grumbled, looking down at Alan with a snarl, before thinking better of ripping off his colleague's head and nodding, giving Sherlock's shoulder a second stomach churning squeeze and whispering conspiratorially, "All bark, no bite,"
“Alright, good, that’s good. Wouldn’t want my puppy to get lost, hmm?” Sherlock was very suddenly and horribly aroused at the thought. To be owned, cherished, kept. Sherlock nodded and bit his lip. “I’ll have to get a new tag,” John unclipped the previous sub’s name and examined the collar. “Come here, boy,” John patted the inside of his thigh and Sherlock fell to his knees between John’s legs, hands on his knees, pale neck exposed, mop of curls brushing on his bleary cheeks. “This collar shows that you are
“Anything you wanna add, baby?” John murmured as Sherlock read over the list intently. He nodded and took the pen, writing in loopy cursive,
"You know exactly what, Sherlock. High time you were settled, or at least had
"No, no thank you," Sherlock mumbled, fumbling with his fingers shyly. John only smiled and pulled up a chair, legs wide as he sat, petting Sherlock's neck soothingly. Sherlock's delicious, sweet and minty smell had gone sour, and John couldn't help but comfort him. Biology, but something else as well, he supposed.
omega, you obey
"J-Jawn, I-"
He stood there for a while, and when he finally turned and burried his face into the crook of the old woman's neck, she cooed and pet his hair.
"I want you to stay, Jawn," He paused, "I wouldn't survive John, I
(See the end of the chapter for
"There was a murder in the park, I thought you might like to come take a look," Greg smiled, taking a singular step closer.
"Darling, we're in France, it's 1939, what did you expect?" John sighed and examined them himself. "Safety precaution, I imagine. Come on, let's go to the house and settle in," Sherlock nodded, eyes doleful as he tucked his ear to John's shoulder.
"Goodnight Jawn,"
"Shut up. I love you, but shut up," Sherlock growled, attempting to pull them towards the shore, he could barely see anything in the dark, "why are you smiling?!"
"You aright there, princess?" John rubbed his hand up and down along Sherlock's bare back, and Sherlock nodded mutely. The afternoon sun glimmered in the water and John grinned, pulling Sherlock along, who stopped at the edge, eyes transfixed by the water, which crawled up the sand, barely gracing each toe before retreating. There weren't many people out, just the family and a few stragglers in beach chairs.
the time.
Bletchley was pretty. Tall shading trees that swayed in the breeze, sun kissing Sherlock's skin. It was a lot like Sherinford, almost too much for comfort. The manor was large, the grounds were nice, it was strange to see military personnel and equipment everywhere. Sherlock clutched his papers nervously. He'd taken two of his pills today, sprayed himself generously, and he felt horrible. Whatever industrial strength chemicals Mycroft had elected to pump him full of were ghastly, his skin dry and itchy, his eyes hidden by dark circles, and he coughed dryly. He looked sickly and pathetic and he was sure everyone could see right through him.
"I want to learn everything, your routines, what products you use, do you wear makeup? Do you curl your hair? Do you prefer to bathe at night or in the morning, I must know every little thing about you. I find it all so very fascinating." John whispered into his ear, Sherlock's lips turned into a shy smile, meeting his dark blue eyes in the mirror.
"No, you're alright," Sherlock said softly, looking down at Esther meaningfully, "so how'd you get here?" Sherlock looked up and gestured to the room, trying not to hide his jealousy. She grinned and pointed to a button on the breast of her emerald jumper.
"Thanks, mate, and I promise, just a look round and straight home,"
"You told me to complete it in ten minutes sir," Alan's mouth sat slightly agape, taking the paper from Sherlock harshly and looking it over. He glared at the paper and then looked up at the nervous looking boy in front of him. Holy hell, five minutes? He solved it in
any thoughts my loves? <3
"I'm trying John, it
"My, I love you, but you can't seriously think that. He's
Mycroft Holmes was neck deep in work. So much to be done and so little money to pay for it. The American State Department had practically laughed in their faces when they asked for money, and now he sat defeated, shoulders hunched and wrinkles forming as he sipped back his sherry, shuffling papers about uselessly. He clenched his hand into a fist and his eyes snapped over to the photos on his desk. A newly framed portrait of Greg and Emelia at her christening, him and Gregory's wedding (a simple but honourable affair at the registrar's office), and a freckle faced Sherlock, swimming in his presentation gown, innocent and sweet, holding onto Mycroft like his life depended on it. That may have been the last day that his baby brother truly loved him.
John mmed, pressing a kiss to his forehead, their bodies still locked together in a warm embrace. John reached to pull the blanket over them, cacooning them together in a little hiding place.
"Alright, alright, calm down, darling, but if I can't treat you, we
John could die.
"Happy birthday, sweetheart," He sneered, giving Greg a sideways territorial glare. Greg only rolled his eyes. Typical Alphas. "dance with me." Sherlock opened his mouth to say no, but Greg raised an eyebrow, as if to say
Once free of John's vice like grip, the omega's life preserver tugged him upwards, and he punched the surface of the water, slapping at the film of ink and creating a pocket, lifting his head above only to scream, his skin shrieking at the heat, blaring, blistering heat, all around him, the air so thick with smoke he could barely get oxygen, and he dove back under, his body filled with otherworldly strength, both him and John pumping their legs to find a place to get above.
"When have you ever given a hoot what that ghastly man says?" Mrs. Hudson gave Anthea a sour glare.
“Of course, Ross, the King’s wedding is an important day, and you are one of his close friends.” She nodded towards Strange. “So I see they hired a wizard for my party?” He smirked and shook his head.
"It's not as easy as that sir, it's not,
"And now, we wait," Sherlock said softly, excited to have a real experiment to run, but quite apprehensive to the results. He snapped off his gloves and held the shivering thing close to his chest, feeling quite nurturing. "I think we'll have that cabbage now,"
It was his birthday, and Sherlock Holmes wanted nothing to do with it. He knew absolutely none of these people that Mycroft had invited to this hateful party. Well, if he did know them he must've deleted it. He stretched out further, sprawled on the big leather arm chair in the study, his first glass of champagne already settled in his tummy and leaving him a bit floaty. Oh, that and the opium. But who needed to know about that little secret. Sherlock didn't even flinch when the large oak door burst open, a peeved looking Mycroft glaring at him.
"I said, you don't have to be scared,"
"No! Nothing is 'the matter' now please go, Lestrade," Greg sighed and stepped closer.
concerned. He pulled open Sherlock's lidded eyes and examined his pupils, which were flared to all hell. He pressed two fingers to Sherlock's neck to feel a pulse and for a moment panicked, it was almost too weak to feel, but it was there, barely. Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed again drowsily. John's heart raced as he held the delicate omega upright.
"Don't touch me, John, don't ever touch me again!" He hissed, his eyes welling with tears, his cheeks flushing with crimson. John's teeth grit in frustration but he obligingly put his hands back down, sitting up and glowering at his mate- who was now sniffling with pathetic tears.
," He grasped his fingers on John's ears and pressed himself forward, devouring his alpha's lips with lithe elegance, sucking on the chapped and broken skin like it was his lifeline. John hummed beneath him, fingers carding through Sherlock's curls, grasping as if he might lose him again.
“Oh, Ross, please, it's common knowlege I'm engaged” She smiled at him warmly, sharing a look, “I hope you will be able to attend.”
Sherlock turned around, the distance between them feeling like a million miles instead of a metre. His eyes were lined with fresh tears, and John's heart sank. Sherlock bit his lip before crawling across the floor on wobbly hands and knees and falling into John's shoulder, the Alpha instantly wrapping arms around his shivering form.
"You can't hold both of us, and I can't swim, I've been shot, you've got to let me go, find a boat and go home, Sherlock, you'll be alright without me," John whispered and Sherlock panicked, his eyes darting about, trying to solve this. If he could only think, if he could just
"Yeah,"
Sherlock nodded, eyes still locked on Alan. Alpha, clearly, but not acting like one. Only child, public school, Cambridge. No, wait,
"Thanks," Sherlock mumbled around the cigarette, still looking away, letting out puff of smoke into the chilly morning air, watching it fade into the fog.
hiya! hope this fic finds you well <3
"Love, I'll have pups to look after, I don't know if I'd have the energy, let alone the time, to look after you," She chuckled, his wet hair now slightly combed. Sherlock's lips parted, his face desperate.
He shoved into the bottom of John's bag and quickly sat back in his chair to look innocent.
John didn't sleep heavily, and Sherlock's rustling about had awoken him. He smiled and wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock's pale milky waist, palms rubbing a circle along his flank, his back pressed to John's chest.
"...In sickness and in health"
“Yes, Master, thank you Master,” And with that he scampered away, pulling on his dressing gown and snapping on gloves and goggles before sitting at his microscope. John couldn’t help from staring. Sherlock’s whole manner had changed seemingly overnight- this part of Sherlock had been locked away for a long time and had broken free and was relishing his freedom. The thought of it made John sad- Sherlock believed himself a freak, unloved, a sociopath. That's why he never let himself be vulnerable. But those were all lies. And he would do his best to show him that. Sherlock’s trust was his greatest gift, one that John was quite proud to have been given. Sherlock worked quietly, and John let the time slip away, turning to read his paper after a while. Sherlock’s mobile pinged and when he didn’t look up, John opened it for him.
orders, private" John sighed as he nodded off,
"And Sherlock," The omega looked up, "be good. Oh, and the middle name is Andrew, if you were looking for baby names."
"Shh, it only stings a bit, darling," Sherlock shuddered at the delicate touch of John's fingers around his knee, thumb rubbing a soothing circle there. He wanted to cry at all the things he was feeling.
- not a piece of expensive living furniture or a womb with legs. He was Sherlock Holmes, ATS Volunteer O/011895. No, leaving was not a viable option.
“That’s alright, darling, I asked if you could go flip the record for me,” Sherlock beamed and nodded enthusiastically. “Go on, then,” daddy tapped on his hip and Sherlock slithered down to the floor, bare feet cold on the hardwood. He went to the record player and very delicately lifted the needle and flipped the record. Daddy had given him a proper lesson in how to do this- how the needle was very sharp and he needed to be careful and that he shouldn’t bump it or push it while it was turning.
"Bloody hell," Moran whispered under his breath, his scent strong of distress and it sent shivers through Sherlock. "We'd just need someone to drive us there, we could get the train back going,"
"Shame," John smirked, sucking onto Sherlock's bond bite, "One more year until I'm
He rolled his head back and let out his breath before stepping up and rushing down the hallway into his room, riffling through John's drawers and pulling out his prize, clinking open his old cigarette case and putting one between his lips and desperately lighting a match. He sucked in that gravely relief and sighed.
"You and Lestrade have a domestic?" Sherlock smiled, and Mycroft grimaced, reaching to grab Sherlock by the ear before he dodged away slyly and raced up the stairs, "Night night, brother dear,"
"You weren't safe, Sherlock, and I didn't approve,"
Sherlock was lost at sea.
"France? I want to go, please John, I've never been, I don't care about stupid politics, please can't we go?" Sherlock sounded so young, hell he was
Dr. John Watson had never seen anyone as beautiful as Sherlock Holmes. He had been sitting on that lounge for a the better part of an hour, smoking those damn cigarettes. Cpt. Watson wasn't a square, he smoked a bit, but chain smoking like that could do serious damage to delicate omega lungs and tissue. Sherlock Holmes was a different kind of beautiful, angelic and ethereal with a halo of chocolate curls. He was graceful and elegant, even though he was barely a teenager. Quite different from the meek timid sweet things he tended to meet at parties like this. His catlike eyes watched all with a quiet and knowing disdain, an aloof poshness covering up a crippling shyness that was endearing to a scrappy city boy like John Watson.
"Oh come on Sherlock, don't be like that,"
"You know I can't do that, My, I have work," Greg furrowed his brow, pulling a sliding Emelia back up. She hiccuped and sniffled into his shirt.
"Hush," John snarled, biting at Sherlock's ear and pressing gently at the base of his throat as he finally got all the way in. "Put some work in, darling, it's my birthday after all," Sherlock swallowed and pushed himself up with trembling thighs before falling back down, impaled. He wasn't going fast enough, John's pheremones were weakening him, and he honestly felt quite dizzy.
Once aboard, they were shuffled into a crowd, thick and hot and pulled into a door and down below decks, where the air was warm with breath and tea and the smell of jam and kind voices and Sherlock could almost smile.The steps were clanging metal, and Sherlock let his feet fall, someone slung a white lifejacket over his shoulders, and he followed Janine, but suddenly Sherlock was dizzy, his head spinning, his bond bite sharply aching, like a pulsating icy hot that stung through his neck. He was reeling, his vision blurry and he stumbled, grasping the rail and barely making it to the last step.
Sherlock placed it gently on top of the bed, looking into the box. Matching leather cuffs, a Scottish tawse, a riding crop, lengths of rope. Sherlock bit his lip. This was a sexual thing. He really should have deduced this hobby by now, but the idea of John sexually was one he had hidden deep down in his mind palace, locked behind a steel door to keep it from escaping. A subject to be avoided at all cost, risk he make a mistake and ruin everything. He was always ruining things.
"Gregory, this isn't up for negotiation."
"sweet dreams, Sherlock," Sherlock blushed and rolled over, leaning up and kissing daddy's cheek softly.
"Master?" Sherlock paused, swallowing nervousness.
“What was that, Sherlock?”
"It's important, Mrs. Hudson," He said numbly.
Sherlock bit his lip. He nestled his nose in the fabric of his clothing, the cologne thick and manly and calming because it smelled like John. Mycroft, for once in his pathetic paperweight existence, was right. Nobody would take an uneducated omega seriously, this was what he always wanted, to be serious, to be someone else.
"Alan, shut up," Hugh growled, and Sherlock swallowed thickly, waiting for the other Alpha to growl back. But he didn't. He just kept working, his eyes locked with focus. "Sorry 'bout that, we do in fact need more help," Sherlock looked between them, the room tense and quietly watching. "I'm sure you know what we're doing here, and how important it is."
John sighed, resting his hand against the bench and straightening the phone in his hand and rubbing his forehead.
“But I am sir! I can be! I can be anything, sir, please,” Sherlock cried and John tutted.
recommended tunes:
"Jawn!"
"What?"
"Horrible." Sherlock gasped, but John chuckled, "You've ruined me. I can barely sleep a wink thinking about you." Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and swallowed nervously, tucking his hair behind his ears.
more on the way I promise!! <3
"Mycroft?" Sherlock squeaked out between agonized moans, convulsing on the plush carpet floor, hands between his legs, ashamedly finding relief for himself. "Mykie! Please, help me, Mycroft!" The elder holmes bit his cheek, looking to the empty hall and sighing.
fun. Not fun at all. “I said, do you understand, Sherlock?” John snarled.
"Oh yes, and poor Sherlock, hormonal little bitch, happiness is just a ring on your finger and a pram full of pups, my mistake. I'd trade you in a heartbeat, Lestrade, don't be jealous."
"I've invited your
"Fuck off, I'm
"You really ought to keep him punctual, Myc, if I don't have a firm hand, Louise is always running late- fixing her hair or what not." Louise at the same moment sat gingerly back down on the chaise, handing her brother his drink, wincing as she settled into the seat. Greg wanted to vomit at the implications being made.
"Please, let me prove I can do this, sir, I really can, I need to do this." Sherlock begged, his entire being throbbing from the sheer placation of begging. But some things were worth it. Alan paused, setting down his pencil and really
"Mykie, I've called the station- they're doing what they can, why don't you just sleep and let me handle this, honey?" Greg soothed, rubbing across Mycroft's back as he paced the hall. "We'll find him,"
Sherlock swallowed nervously, fixing his hair a bit, stomach churning as he held close the letter, signed by Mycroft and John, that said he was allowed to be here, standing in a musty wooden building in Lower Clapton, queued along with a dozen omega women, chattering amongst themselves. Most of them were complaining about the course, about their alphas who forced them to take it so they'd be better mothers, help with kiddies with their schoolwork.  Sherlock was jittery, his whole body glowing with excitement.
Mycroft scowled, the abbey breaking out into whispers. Alphas didn't wear wedding rings.
“One last touch, princess.” Daddy smiled and wrapped a big red ribbon around his eyes, tying a big bow in the back. Sherlock gasped as he was plunged into a deep maroon darkness. He took a shaky breath- he couldn’t see, he couldn’t move! He squirmed in his bonds, the lights pressing into his skin harshly. “Shh, that’s alright, little one, you look absolutely perfect,” John’s breath was hot in his ear and Sherlock calmed at his voice. His helplessness became rather pleasant, completely at daddy’s mercy, feeling like a lovely gift under the tree. “Colour, Sherlock?” Sherlock took a deep breath and shuddered.
Where, indeed.
"Nothing like that, Louise," Sebastian grinned, "just a trial by fire,"
"Not- don't feel so good-" Greg gasped as Sherlock fell against his shoulder. He'd never seen an omega faint, and the wafting smell of hormones and arousal made every nose at the table sniff. Victor smirked, Mycroft sighed and closed his eyes in embarrassment. Louise only looked sad.
"Got any offers yet?" Sherlock huffed, pulling his cigarette from his lips in a cloud of smoke. Greg only shook his head, amused, sighing and nursing his scotch. He was interrupted by a tall, ginger alpha, with freckled cheeks and sharp green eyes that devoured Sherlock. He couldn't be younger than 40. Sherlock was 16.
He smiled.
John chuckled again, Sherlock filing away the sensation in his hardrive- the deep vibrations of warmth that filled him before his daddy said softly, “I love you too, Sherlock.”
"Jawn, this is-" The omega's chest heaved as he was aroused, he'd have to double his dosage tomorrow, fuck.
"Every German message is run through it. In goes the locating of every ship and U-boat in the Atlantic, out goes gibberish. The only way to know the code is to know the settings, but they change settings every-"
"God, I haven't been this happy in-" John realized suddenly that he'd never been as happy as he was, right now, in the middle of a fucking war, "a long while,"
. John’s life as a dom and his life with Sherlock were separate, and mixing them felt foreign. Sherlock’s sheer level of trust was intoxicating. Soon Sherlock returned, kneeling at John’s feet with a mug of tea, holding it out like it was worth more than him. John sighed sadly and took the tea.
"John, I don't understand why you're upset!" John only shook his head, hands on his hips, lip pulled between his teeth. His pheromones were raging and were sending waves of fear through Sherlock as John stewed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course I was bloody scared, Sherlock,” He laughed and shook his head. Sherlock watched the bath water intently. John rubbed a soapy flannel across his back, “you’re
his positions. Degrading, inhuman, horrific. The idea he'd ever have to execute them in reality was rarely out of the dusty corner of his mind. In fact, he rarely thought about
"Why's that?" John's brows furrowed, sipping his brandy. The party was over, Sherlock and Gregory had since gone up to bed, and the alphas were still smoking.
"I don't know."
"I imagine he wants to speak to you,"
John groaned, blinking once, twice, meeting a large white light, and a silver fixture. He attempted to sit up, pushing himself up from a creaky bed, his shoulder screaming in pain and he rubbed his right hand across it, looking down to find himself with a nasty scar that bloomed like a mangled and powderburned meteorite crater.
talk like this, of course you matter. You matter," John paused, anger bubbling in his chest, trying to cool himself off as to not frighten his omega, "you matter a great deal, Sherlock. Things are changing, hell, they should've changed a hundred years ago. Trust me, love, please trust me,"
"Oh, thank you, thank you so much, dear chap, here," John went gave the man some money, who shook his head and tipped his hat as he pulled Sherlock and their picnic out of the car. The car pulled away and Marie came waddling out of the door. She smelled them halfway there.
"In sickness and in health,"
“Such a good boy, Sherlock, so good for me, my sweet little kitten,” Sherlock collapsed into daddy’s arms, letting him pull him onto his lap, rocking him back and forth. “That’s it, sweetheart.” Sherlock slowly came down from headspace, breathing deep into daddy’s scent. “Feeling alright, baby?” Sherlock nodded dizzily.
"Your brother's very busy, Sherlock, why would you need to go to into town, didn't you just go on thursday?"
"Yeah, I'm sure he did, sweetheart," Anderson sneered, and Greg sighed as he approached.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a shaky breath. He had never wanted this before, but at this moment his whole body was thrumming with deep and soul-penetrating
Whatever nose escaped him was in no way articulate of human language.
"I don't make the laws, sir, I only study them, and even if Sherlock isn't to be your heir, you ought to see that things are organized for him after your passing. Are you the Alphus Patronus of your family?"
It was warm and sweet and sickeningly perfect. Sherlock hummed beneath the alpha's lips, eliciting a deep growl that sent shivers down his entire body, a tingly glow that settled beneath his legs as John's arms traced his back. John pulled Sherlock's plush bottom lip between his teeth, claiming it, claiming his whole mouth. Sherlock was weak in the knees, barely standing,
"I can't promise you that, Sherlock, but I would never let him force you into anything." Sherlock nodded, not letting himself get his hopes up.
"I want to know
"Sherlock," John said seriously, "I think we ought to be getting back,"
"I wasn't br-"
"Mm, detective and a scientist," Sherlock mumbled, rubbing his nose and chin across John's pectorals. "Did'y'know that there's no such thing as omega birth control, Jawn?"
"I could tell," John smiled, fluffing his hair and Sherlock found his place on his shoulder, sighing satedly.
The room filled with silence that felt like ice on Mycroft's skin. Silly man, an unprecedented anti cyclone, along with frigid temperatures. That's why it was so cold.
Sherlock's eyes widened to saucers as the cab pulled up to the airfield. He looked over to John, who looked horribly neutral, how could he be so placid when there was an
HAPPY CHRISTMAAAAS!!!!
"My mother only let me do this to meet men," She looked sad, "My ex was a real bastard, and to think I almost married him!" She huffed and Sherlock swallowed nervously, looking down at his ring and clenching his hand.
“For Christmas, Sherlock,” The younger boy’s mouth quirked and he dramatically sighed. “Pick up your school things, kitten, we’re going to pick out a tree.” Sherlock snapped his book closed.
"I'll bring us some tea," She gave him a pat before rushing off and leaving the Holmes’ alone.
"He said no, mate, best be off now," A low, calm voice spoke, but Sherlock kept his eyes firmly closed. He wasn't here. This wasn't real. He pleaded outside of his mind palace for entry, but he was far too frightened to think clearly at all.
"Sorry, I'm busy, please go away," Greg's smile faded and he scratched his neck, feeling rather awkward as Sherlock hung up more washing.
"So the King is dead, that's new," Sherlock said absently, sipping his tea. Mycroft sighed and Mummy laughed.
"I imagine you're quite nervous," Mycroft offered, eyes glued to the wall. Sherlock flipped back the blankets and poked his eyes up to the surface, flickering over Mycroft with a razor sharp gaze. "You don't need to be."
"John's told me all about you, love, there was that month he wouldn't talk about anything else," Mrs. Hudson muttered as she set out three mugs for builders. "He called you the prettiest omega in the world. And here I thought he was exaggerating!" She smiled, and Sherlock only nodded, feeling awfully fussed after. A few minutes passed and kettle whistled, and soon a warm mug was in Sherlock's fingers, and a kiss on his forehead. She smelled like warm biscuits and vintage perfume, and her scent lingered inside of him.
"Where did you even find her?"
29 May 1940
He gasped for air around daddy's girth, the lack of oxygen sending his mind into a fuzzy calm, the sweet animalistic smells of sex filling his nostrils dizzily.
Omega Sherlock was an idiot.
"He wouldn't be in any danger, I just want him to take a look, I'll have him back in one piece, I promise, John,"
"What did she say?"
"No, no, I think it's g-going to skip, n-no J-John, but it's punishing me first," He barely choked out before his bondbite screamed like it was on fire. He keened and leaned forward, crashing his nose into Mrs. Hudson shoulder and grasping her tight. She only cooed and rubbed his back, carding through his hair and rocking them. Soon it began to fade, and Sherlock whimpered, tear tracks drying on his cheeks. Mrs. Hudson only soothed him and pat his shoulder. "I'm sorry I made a mess," Sherlock whispered and she only chuckled.
"I don't know if a party is appropriate the day after the death of a sovereign, mummy." Mycroft raised his eyebrows between bites, and Sherlock groaned. Dinner parties were
"I don't want to go back to him." Sherlock looked up, eyes wide and glistening with tears.
hope you enjoyed this chapter! please tell me what you think my loves <3
"Good luck," Mycroft whispered, and Greg smiled wide before standing up, straightening his tie and brushing down the front of his morning coat, giving his husband a wink.
"How come I have to wear this? How come I have to have this stupid party? I look like a
“Sher- Sherlock, you didn’t fill the water!” John fell to his knees, leaning over and starting the bath, shaking his head, “baby boy, were you just sitting here this whole time? It's been three quarters of an hour!” Sherlock nodded, shivering. John sighed and rubbed his eyes frustratedly. “I’m sorry, baby, I should’ve helped you, I shouldn’t have gotten so cross,” John poured in the bubble bath and sudsed up a mountain of bubbles, Sherlock’s eyes fluttering closed at the sweet warmth and smell. “But you can’t do things like that, kitten, what if you had fallen? Or got hypothermia?” Sherlock sniffled. “I’m not going to punish you, love, I just want you to understand how scary that was for me,”
also, some tunes for this chapter:
Eating? Sleeping? Pedestrian and boring and if he was honest, he sometimes just forgot. John always remembered. Sherlock’s stomach turned as he lay on the sofa, his mind racing, heart thumping in his chest. Moriarty had called John his pet.
" Mummy whispered, hand still raised to her face in silent shock. The doctors had all said,
He wondered if John's ring had
please tell me what you think bc I really did not enjoy writing this chapter, and I've proof read it like four times and I'm still not happy with it bleh
British Government, leaning his head on his shoulder, shock of chestnut hair brushing against his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
not like that idea. Honestly, why was he trying to know? Even if he did, it would be very hard to convince himself to go through with it if he was indeed...he shivered...
"And here I was thinking you had a lorry full of them, lining their pockets taxpayer money and whatnot," He deadpanned and she raised her eyebrows before swatting at him with her handbag.
“P-please! Please Master, please,” Sherlock whined, his voice cracked and ragged.
"Yes, Jawn."
going to hospital," John tugged off Sherlock's trousers and pants, which were soaked with blood, "Sherlock let's get to the toilet," He guided the blubbering boy into the loo and pulled to the toilet, his legs now dripping with crimson rivulets. It sent John's tummy lurching, he could smell Sherlock's fear, as well as the putrid smell of an omega's blood. Sherlock cried out, gripping for John.
Sherlock didn't move, he only watched John's chest, in and out, in and out, his face calm and weathered and beautiful. He should've felt pride to have saved John. But he couldn't really feel anything at all.
"Ah, indeed," Sherlock mumbled, swirling around his final product. John only grumbled, not wanting to push things with his stroppy husband.
"If you do that, I will sell you to any one of the countless suitors whom I have denied. Pretty penny for a thing like you, I say." Mycroft growled, kneeling and grabbing Sherlock by the ear, "And I doubt any of them will care in the slightest about you."
"What do you want?" Sherlock said quite seriously, kneeling to look them in the eyes, and the lead one barked a reponse before jumping into the closet and licking his face. Sherlock blushed and smiled, petting him between the ears and struggling to pull his black button down over his shoulders, buttoning them with a peeved expression as his ears continued getting kisses. He looked up at John and rolled his eyes, as if he were embarrassed by the puppers attention.
"I think you both need to sleep, Esther," Sherlock said softly, holding his arms out, the baby reaching out and curling into him, Greg lurking behind him, taking in the sight of Sherlock holding a child and rocking back and forth to soothe her. "What's your name?" He said softly, adjusting her cap as she began to calm.
"No no, Brooks, no need for inane flattery," Brooks opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock nudged him ever-so-discretly, still watching Mycroft in a sort of challenge. "Sherlock, go inside and get changed. Now, before I have to ask you again."
"Shh, sweetheart, it's alright, it's your uncle Greg and we're gonna get you looked after, princess," He lulled, but she only cried and cried, she wanted mummy! Greg rocked as best he could, shouting over her shoulder "I said call an ambulance! Now!"
"I'm alright," Sherlock rubbed his eyes and stepped onto the pavement, but the sweet woman ignored him, gripping him arm in arm and pulling him along. He let her guide him into the downstairs flat, sitting him into wooden dining chair and flicking on the hob to put the kettle on.
“2 tours in Afghanistan, how’d you know that?”
"Really?"
thank you for reading!! all comments and suggestions are appreciated!
"No, I read it some of my brother's school work, I used to steal it when I was a child,"
"Sherlock, what have you done?"
"Mm, compulsive cheat,"
“Are you still cross with me Jawn?” Sherlock whispered, eyes welled with tears. John only shushed him with a stroke across his flank as he adjusted them so that Sherlock was in his lap again, head thrown back over his shoulder.
The elder Holmes steepled his fingers, leaning on his desk and looking down at his distressed brother
"He's going to die, Mrs. Hudson, I know it. I can feel it," He whispered, suddenly aware that the elderly woman had grasped his hand tight in hers and was sitting next to him. She scowled and shook her head, patting his hand.
”No, darling,” John lulled, lapping at his bondbite (an instinctual need once knotted), “of course I’m not cross, you just need to remember your place sometimes,”
"Darling, I've got to get my things," John whispered into his curls, breathing deep that minty honey-sweet smell of his lover. Sherlock nodded and pulled away, eyes glassy as he turned to his dressing table and pulled his scarf into his brushed out silky hair. He stared down his reflection and John could almost coo at his adorable feat of strength, squaring his shoulder and sucking in his breath. The Captain adjusted his things in his pack and smiled. "Wait here a moment, Sherlock, I have a surprise for you," Sherlock nodded but slyly pulled the blue envelope scrawled in his loopy cursive
“Sleep, Sherlock.” John ordered, placing a hand on Sherlock’s chest, right over his heart. Sherlock reached out and held that hand like a life preserver, falling asleep almost instantly.
Sherlock looked down to the floor, bound wrists held in front of his stomach. His eyes flicked up to look once at Mycroft, who smirked horribly, and once to John, who met his eyes and smiled, mouthing "I love you,"
house,"
to tea next week, as he's already completed the first step of courtship, and I believe that it's the fourteenth of February, an arduous holiday in my opinion."
But, wasn’t it the other way around? The woman, she had been closer.
"You have to relax, love, just let go and trust me, I won't let you drown," John soothed into his ear as he tread water, holding the both of them upright in the water.
"You're an omega," Alan gasped suddenly, his head tilted to the side, as if he couldn't see this clearly. Sherlock swallowed and clenched his hands into fists, his cheeks pounding with blood and his eyes wide. "I can just barely catch it, how can this be?"
Yes, he rather liked that idea.
Greg's feet were solid ice as he sat in the presinct, hands folded on his desk, head drooping on is neck. What kind of father was he? What kind of parents were him and Mycroft? Sending Emmy away, when they should've been
"I am not having make-up sex on the floor,"
"This is
Their lips found each other as Sherlock desperately kissed him, hands reaching out around his shoulders and pulling him close, sucking in his strong, gunpowdery scent. John kissed back, firm but delicate as he held Sherlock's face in his powerful hands, thumbs brushing his cheekbones. He moved to pull away but Sherlock pressed further before dropping his head to his shoulder and whispering in a cracked and broken voice.
"Well doesn't somebody look smart?!" Came the familiar voice down the street and Sherlock gasped, eyes wide and caught as he watched a very familiar Sargent approaching.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You have no idea what you've signed up for, Sherlock. I may be a gentleman, but my colleges are not," He bit his lip, giving Sherlock a final glare before turning and descending the stairs. Sherlock panted, breathing deep gulps of relief that Mycroft was gone before he felt regret.
"I accept." Sherlock whispered, shaking slightly in elation.
"I knew what he was doing, Jawn, but I couldn't- I didn't try hard enough- and now she's gone, and it's
"Sherlock, Arthur wants me at home." Sherlock's stomach dropped and he clenched his hands into fists in his lap, fingernails pressing into his palms.
He dropped to the floor, crawling along the wall before he reached the second window, peeking over into the dark alley behind the house were the bins were. A certain army captain stood, a handful of pebbles in one hand, left arm pulled back before he let go and-
"Yes sir, I've been good," Sherlock nodded and eyed daddy, sneaking a small giggle and looking back down at the floor.
“Yes, daddy, feels really good,” He mumbled, still high from endorphins, “
“Sherlock, why don’t you sit in your chair and let’s talk this through, can you do that for me please?” John was being so gentle with him, his natural instinct was to care for a submissive, to keep them safe in their subspace, which was clearly where Sherlock was floating now. Sherlock slowly sat in his leather chair, leaning on the edge of it, fidgeting with his fingers. “That’s a good boy, Sherlock.” Sherlock’s face flushed and his stomach tumbled at the praise. A warmth began to spread through his body, a glowing shining pride in being
eyes seemed to stare back at him, his hands felt so disgusting and dirty and unworthy to touch, he let go immediately, and Sherlock backed up, eyes wide, tripping on the metal steps, and John belatedly realized
“Mm, my little kitten,” John murmured gravelly as he led Sherlock into the hall, his fingernails pressed into John’s back, grasping with all his might. “Brilliant, precious little thing,
"It's all gonna be alright, Sherlock, we're all safe," John's open hand traced across Sherlock's hips, coming to rest on the flat of his concave stomach, "All of us," Sherlock breathed out a chuckle, wiping his teary cheeks with his forearm.
"He does. And that's alright. As long as he's okay, but he wasn't, he wasn't okay."
"Sherlock was drugged," Greg panted, leaning on his elbows. "Heat Inducers, seen 'em before at the Met. Mr. Trevor here was going to force a bond with him." Violet gasped, and Mycroft's eyebrows hunched together.
"I'll be leaving next week, Sherlock, so we'll have lots of time to be ready," Esther said sweetly as she handed him the soap in the bath. He huffed and ignored the offering, pushing himself lower into the tub, a mountain of bubbles on top of him. Esther sighed as she set out towells and knelt to scrub the mud out of his hair. "Sherlock, did you hear me?" Sherlock didn't respond, only crossing his arms and sulked like a child. "You really don't have to be so upset, I'm not dying," She smiled and lathered up some shampoo.
"He's John's family now."
"Please, help me, I need - need my brother, I'm, sweaty," The Beta female's eyes widened to saucers, gripping him tight by the hand, dragging him through the house silently, putting a finger to her lips. Sherlock obeyed, his mind fuzzy as she pulled him down the hall, his sluggish feet tripping and falling behind. She scooped him into her arms, rushing up flights of stairs, tucking his head of sweaty curls into her neck, speaking in hushed tones to one of the footmen, carrying Sherlock to a room he'd never seen before. His eyelashes fluttered drowsily as she pulled open the bolt of the strong metal door, carrying Sherlock into a sparsely decorated room, just a bed and table, an en suite attached as well as the cool stream of air conditioning.
"Hey. If I had to, you have to." His sister laughed, pouring the last drops of whiskey down her throat before throwing her head back in the leather armchair. "Tradition is tradition."
"I don't sing,"
Sherlock's eyes widened, breath beginning to return to normal, pale blue eyes flickering over John. He looked, so strong, so safe. Maybe...maybe he could trust him?
"Right," John paused, glass still mid-air, "Well, I'd rather we settled things sooner, rather than later."
"N-no- s-stop, please, stop," Thomas smiled and put a knee between Sherlock's legs, holding him in place, even firmer against the wall.
"Sherlock," He said, standing, buttoning his suit jacket, taking a delicate hand in his own, kissing the knuckles softly while finding those icy slate blue eyes. Sherlock's cheeks and neck glowed crimson before he pulled his hand away, holding it close to his chest, looking to Greg for help. Ah, shy boy huh?
"What is it, what's the matter?" A timid beta woman looked at him, frantically switching her gaze between the Dowager Omega and the new Alpha Patriarch.
"Sherlock, I swear to God, you better
The air was cool on Sherlock's cheeks as they walked, the constant clacking of the captains shoes a steady rhythm to his heart, the haze of the opium and champagne beginning to clear as he stared at the stars. Their arms remained intertwined, but Sherlock resisted the urge to lean his cheek onto his shoulder, and settled for pretending to be fascinated by their surroundings. Sherlock had never been in this part of town, and there were a few other couples going up and down the pavement, and Sherlock received a couple of catcalling whistles. The captain's scent only grew stronger, safer, and Sherlock drifted closer and closer as they walked.
"Sod this, I can't- I can't deal with any of this," John growled, teeth snarling as he put on his hat and gave the solicitor a withering glare. "Good day, sir,"
John held tightly to his hand, wrapping their arms around each other, guiding him down the aisle in the blur of movement and sounds and colours. Sherlock was in a daze as they exited the church into a fountain of rice.
“How old are you really, kitten?”
"Let's see," She scuffled to the refrigerator and picked up the list she'd placed atop it. "Produce, fishmongers, and the fabric shop because you need new shirts,"
"Sherlock?" Greg paused, knocking on the door, and swinging it open "John's outside, is everything alright?"
"I don't think I approved of that." John gave him raised eyebrows, and the omega bit his cheek.
"Just one moment more, John, just one more,"
"You're a policeman, arrest him!"
sorry (not sorry) for the cliff hanger
"Darling, I don't take your meaning, why am I doing what exactly?"
"I'm cross with you, John, don't forget it," Sherlock grumbled, tucking his forehead against John's shoulder, beads of water dripping off of his sopping curls as they floated close. John only chuckled and pushed his arms back, eliciting a squeak from Sherlock as he swam further out on his back.
"Too far," John breathed as he continued to kiss along Sherlock's chin, down his throat and resting on his clavicle as he unbuttoned his shirt. "Arm chair?" Sherlock only grumbled and John smiled, grasping him by the waist and attacking his lips, sucking and biting and tugging on the soft pink skin as he flopped down into the chair. Sherlock straddled him, and John grinned as Sherlock began to kiss back, gentle and sweet and innocent, plush little arse wiggling on John's lap as Sherlock began to get wet, dribbling onto John's trouser legs.
"Right, not that one, what about his friend?"
"I don't think you're broken. You're different, you're just a bit of an odd duck, but really, you're a lovely omega Sherlock."
"I wasn't trying to," He said defeatedly, cheeks flushed in embarrassment. John looked up to the kitchen to see a blacken pan of something on the bench. He strode over and found the oven and hob off, and bit back a chuckle at his husband's vain efforts at homemaking.
"What if I'm a hindrance? What if I'm-" He sputtered, and pulled tight his trembling hands his fists, "useless?" Mrs. Hudson knit her brows and shook her head at this doleful boy in her house, his eyes glowing with self-hatred.
"Spanish American War?"
"Not particularly, they know what they're doing, and we won't be crossing any mountain ranges."
Mycroft to fire her, to let him have just one more chance, he could be good, please God no, not an alpha. His brother had waved him away, ignoring his pleas, even as she grew harsher and harsher, verbally and physically. Breaking him in, so to speak.
ah sorry this shouldn't even count as a chapter it's so short...i promise more next time
"You did very good, little brother, very good indeed," Something deep and ingrained in Sherlock's tummy bubbled at the praise from his Alpha, an instinct he would soon learn to detest. But for now, the bashful omega smiled, feeling quite special as his family applauded him.
"Oh, right. My tutor was an imbecile, I learned it in weeks, but he continued to drill me with irregular verbs for months, it's not something I'm liable to forget." John only growled, nibbling on the edges of his ear.
"Ah, hello, I'm John Watson," He set down a case and held out his hand which she took and shook with glee.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Now, we need milk, but it's rather far, so we'll get your fabric first, alright?" She interlocked their elbows and pulled Sherlock along, who groaned but obeyed as they strode down the pavement. "You know, my governess taught us to sew, me and my sister, knitting too. Still have her old button box. Mrs. Turner next door keeps her buttons in a tin. A
"John, why are you covering your eyes?"
Sherlock clenched his fist, his fingers shaking horribly. It had been a week since the incident, but her face still haunted him every time he closed his eyes. She was hurting, she was alone. If only Sherlock wasn't so, whatever he was, if he wasn't broken, he could help. If he was an alpha, he could help. But he wasn't was he? He'd never be anything but this- weak and powerless creature that stared back at him as he stood in front of the washroom mirror, reminded of a certain time years ago and a pair of scissors. There was a knock.
"John," He said softly, "How'd you know I'd be here?"
“We don’t really do birthday cake,
He gasped, clamping a hand over his mouth, trying to calm his hitched breathing. There were footsteps in the hall, the light at the bottom of the door flickering. There was a knock, Sherlock only curling further in on himself. The knob turned and Sherlock desperately reached out to keep it closed. There was a struggle, the hand on the other end quite stronger.
"I'd like to marry him."
The clenching, twisting, scratching pain in his gut was...unexpected and unappreciated. This was good. He was finally good, now,
"Yes, I suppose I did. Silly thing to say. Get dressed."
"S'not safe for you to travel alone." Sherlock growled, forehead resting on the foggy glass, ignoring his terribly overprotective brother-in-law. "Here, why don't you help me with this."
thank you for reading! i love any comments kudos or suggestions!! *kisses*
Sherlock stirred, eyes fluttering open as he awoke, coming to inside a cocoon of warm bronzed skin. He poked his head up, curls flopping about as he looked down at his Alpha, who was quite asleep, dark circles beneath his eyes and a weary stubble on his chin.
“23,” He stammered and John almost laughed.
"I don't mind." Sherlock whispered, and John pressed a line of kisses along his neck, crawling up to his chin and stopping on the corner of his lips.
"We can take him below decks," A younger boy in civilian kit knelt next to him and Sherlock shook his head vigorously. The boy turned to his grandfather and furrowed his brows as Sherlock unbuttoned John's shirt, finding his pulsing wound and putting pressure, tying a tourniquet with a torn piece of shirt, his fingers stained with ruby blood.
"Sassy now, I like it," John mumbled with a delirious smile, and Sherlock realized he was losing blood, gasping and pressing fingers into his shoulder, his husband hissing at the pressure.
"Let me walk with you, stay here while I tell your friends where you've gone off to, alright?" Sherlock bit his lip and nodded.
"You don't drive!"
"Shut up! All of you, shut up! You don't know anything about it, alright?" Sherlock growled, her hand flinching back as if he were made of acid. He swallowed, feeling a second wave of guilt and emotion coming on the horizon, so he bit his lip. Hard. Hard enough to bleed. He sucked his lip between his teeth and sucked at the coppery liquid, lapping at it, pressing at it. He wanted more. He wanted to vacate every vein and capillary in his body.
"Hospital ship, HMHS Paris,"
"ma'am? I think this is important," He passed her his message, watching as her eyes flickered over it before settling with seriousness as well.
“I feel like I’m inside out.” He hated these stupid human feelings that were pouring in, too many too fast. He needed something simple. Submission was simple, straightforward. He looked up at his Master, who was eyeing him carefully. “Like my nerves are on the outside sir,” He shook his head at how idiotic it sounded. But John didn’t laugh at him or sigh or glare. He ran fingers through the hair on the back of his head, twirling a curl in his fingers.
AHH christmas spirit is pumping through my veins
Sherlock's brows furrowed and he popped back out to look up at his brother, "What do you mean, something happening to John?"
love you all so very much! please tell me what you think! <3
"Do you want this? Do you really, truly want this, Sherlock?"
"I don't want you to go, John," Sherlock whispered, throat itching and voice teetering to the breaking point.
"I won't mince words, Holmes. You, are the smartest person I have ever met." Sherlock gaped, looking above his cup with confusion.
The sweet whispers of the morning fog had began to dissipate, a slight mist still resting on Sherlock's cheeks, his hair beginning to frizzle at the moisture. The curving green hills of the estate went on for miles in every direction, and from his spot on the iron swing, he could see the little brook where he used to play. The tall Lebanon Cedar trees that swayed in the early winds, memories of attempts to climb them, and the skinned knees and elbows as a result. Sherlock Holmes would not cry. It was only transport. He wouldn't be some blubbering omega, who snapped at the slightest wind.
