«Oh God, I’m nearly there, I’m-… I-» Just as Dean voice breaks Castiel’s arms reach around him, bringing him as close as possible. He keeps up with his pace until Dean comes in the small space between their bodies. The way his orgasm rocks through his body, tensing up his muscles, has Castiel following straight after, digging his nails into Dean’s back, a breathless, single syllable unfolding out of his mouth.
«Can’t blame your asshole, it hasn’t seen any use in years and after all this time the first thing to go through it is some dick. No surprise it’s confused as fuck.» Dean jokes, rubbing the soap bar over his own body.
He pulls it out almost all the way, only to start pressing with his middle finger too. It takes a bit of fiddling for it to get inside, and when it does Castiel lets out a strangled sound.
«Yes, it is definitely lighter.» Dean reassures him and the angel sighs in relief.
Castiel groans, but if anything his nerves seem to have loosened into mild annoyance, which Dean takes as a victory.
«Come get it, Dean.» Cass says, inviting Dean on his lap. The hunter promptly straddles him, his knees by the sides of Cass’s hips.
They laugh, a lot.
He rocks back into Dean, and the hunter matches the movement with another stroke.
But he has stopped undressing over that point, so any other accessory of clothing is still on his person.
Dean sees him.
There’s a different pace to Dean’s movements compared to the angel’s forceful snaps, more of a shallow roll of his hips and closer to a canter. He is gentler, more controlled, and pleasure floods Castiel in waves, gradually building up. He can feel the curve of Dean’s cock inside, rubbing against him, touching him within and filling him at each of the hunter’s thrusts.
«I… I’ve never read much if not for a hunt, but there’s this novel I like a lot. It’s called On The Road, by Kerouac. It’s about two guys driving all over the US in the late 40s, and how their relationship grows and changes through the years. It’s bleak at times but also very poetic. At least that’s what I think of it. I can lend it to you if you want.»
The angel’s hands reach for his waist to get him closer. Dean complies without hesitation so that he’s up on his knees while Cass sits right under him, his back against the headboard and his mouth barely inches away from his erection.
«For real though… It was intense for me as well. I thought I’d be able to keep my cool, but you had me completely floored. There’s something about you that just makes me weak no matter what.» The hunter says.
The angel is easily stronger, and he has taken advantage of it many times before in bed. But Dean’s frame is broader than his own, and his muscles more pronounced. And now, something primitive in Castel's mind makes his insides churn at the idea of being handled by those toned arms and big hands.
«I’m glad that’s how you feel, but I really want you to explain it to me.» He clarifies.
He still has some hang ups every now and then, and Dean always leaves him complete agency over how undressed he gets. It often translates to his shirt staying on during sex, but he likes Dean’s fingers wandering under it or undoing the first three or four bottoms well enough.
«I wouldn’t like it if you were to be as rough as I am, that much I know. But I’d like to appear naked before you, and be touched, and explored, and kissed gently. Be held together by you. All of this, it doesn’t feel as natural to me compared to how I handle you, but I really long to try it.»
«It’s not about your vessel, Cass. It’s you, the way you move, act, the way you are. It’s always you. You are beautiful.» He repeats, swallowing down and praying to God he hasn’t just made a mess.
Dean listens attentively, pondering Castiel’s words in his head. «How exactly would you want me to take charge?» He questions.
«Yes, deeper. Not perfect. The Nature of all things is a truth only God fully understands and commands. To be in the presence of God is to witness that truth as well, but some are able to see it intuitively, even recognize it’s faint outlines under the right circumstances. But it’s beyond anyone to decipher it. It can only be admired. That Nature, it is what we call the Word of God. And it’s a word that has no translation in any language, not even Enochian. I know the Word, I could pronounce it on my tongue, and so could you, actually. But it wouldn’t mean anything to any of us both. It wouldn’t hold any power, simply because we can’t comprehend it’s complexity. Isn’t it incredible?»
«Dean, get me to bed.»
The notion eases the lump that’s been in the hunter’s throat this whole time, though the meticulous way in which Cass is now rolling up the joint still has him feeling a bit squeamish.
And I use They/Them pronouns to talk about God, yes, sue me (God-Chuck, you are now NB).
«But it is. It’s captivating how you humans describe the universe. Some of your intuitions are very elegant, even if they aren’t always accurate, and I doubt you’ll ever get to understand what the fragments of reality are really made of. It’s a concept not even us angels can grasp.»
So, Dean walks to the bathroom and gets on with the post-fuck routine, but it all feels funny around him. He laughs at his own clumsiness and Castiel laughs with him, and it takes way longer than what it should to get it done, but there’s something genuinely heartening about how he feels so comfortable fooling around with the angel like this.
All the essentials to roll up a joint are neatly laid out in front of Cass. As with anything else, the angel has done his fair share of scrupulous research, watching tutorial videos and reading half a dozen articles on how to do it properly.
He now knows that even if his vessel was once Jimmy’s, Dean only recognizes Castiel in it. He doesn’t see any random man in his naked body.
The hunter rubs against the small lump hidden there, gently pressing it with the pad of his fingers, making the angel squirm under him. There’s almost no resistance from Castiel’s muscles now, and Dean parts his fingers inside, moving them in and out of it, further stretching him.
The angel’s climax builds up, trapped in the space in between strokes and thrusts, overtaking him whole.
Wild crave stirs deep in their bellies, their cocks squeezed between them and sliding on their skin, smearing precum all over.
When Dean realized what Cass was up to, his eyes shot wide-open, his breath coming short and his jaw hanging slack, amazed. Just moments later, he came with a ragged moan, not a hand on his cock.
Then Castiel breaths out and the smoke flows into Dean. It’s not as strong or pungent and Dean gets it down into his lungs without trouble. They part just enough so that Dean can exhales it in the little space between their faces.
And sure enough, the angel can’t help biting his lips at the sight, because it doesn’t matter how many times he has seen his naked body, it always manages to awe him.
Once adjusted to the new position, he stills a moment to check on Castiel.
«Wait, let me get me out of this stuff.» Dean mutters, clothes feeling unnecessary on him right now. Castiel backs off and watches him slide out of his shirt and jeans.
Usually, Dean isn’t keen on being touched there. It’s weird and it makes him self-conscious; but weed seems to take away some of his restraints. He moans when Castiel softly nibbles at it.
famous. I’m just…doing this for my brother,’ Castiel said, shifting uncomfortably. ‘I don’t… I don’t have the same…presence as Gabriel.’
‘I never had to sign a nondisclosure with
‘I’m not,’ Gabriel swore. ‘Besides, I just need proof for myself. Fuck the audience. Fuck the
‘It’s just kissing,’ Castiel said in confusion. ‘You’ve seen me jerk off, and
Michael thinned his lips as he stared the wooden mermaid. ‘And just
Castiel blinked in confusion. He looked up at Dean for an answer, but was just met by a smug grin. So he looked to Gabriel and finally received a response.
Gabriel growled in frustration as he jabbed at the phone's buttons. 'Cas has been getting advice from questionable sources,' he explained.
‘C’mon, Gabey,’ Balthazar said with open arms. ‘I’m here to help.’
‘Crowley recorded you jerking off. He was giving you instructions.’
‘You don’t know what a dolphin is?’ Castiel asked flatly.
Castiel shook his head. ‘Everything’s fine,’ he insisted.
Gabriel thinned his lips as he stared up at Castiel. ‘I…I wasn’t gonna show you this until later, but…’ He reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded photograph.
Castiel nodded eagerly as he jotted down the measurement. ‘Did you happen to sex it? Or can you at least make a guess?’
Sam had absolutely no recollection of his birthday party, just a name: Trixie. Dean had said he had
Dean didn’t trust the smile that Crowley was giving him. ‘Why should I believe you?’
Gabriel glanced up and gave Sam a small smile. ‘I hope so. Doing crap like that is
Castiel awoke to strong arms wrapped around him and fingers laced through his feathers. He sighed happily. He was so comfortable. He breathed deeply, taking in Dean’s scent. His nose wrinkled. Dean needed a shower. He was beginning to smell stale.
‘You’re not that old,’ Sam replied.
‘You think that’s where they’d keep him?’
‘You’d think someone would have said something by now, or...or documented it, or even an arti— Oh.’ Castiel sat up straight and stared ahead for a minute before falling back against Dean’s chest. ‘There
‘Don’t worry,’ Dean said. ‘I’ve got a few secrets of my own.’
Crowley tilted his chin up. ‘I run a successful…business and give the occasional interview,’ he replied. ‘I’m assuming you can read…’
'Sam?' Dean limped forward, coughing and brushing off dust and bits of plaster. 'You all right?'
to me?!’
They returned to the rest of the group, and Anna approached Crowley. ‘They’re expecting us,’ she said. ‘We found one of Lucifer’s angels, Uriel, in electrical. He was…half-smote.’
Castiel shrugged. ‘We find each other useful,’ he replied.
'Not really,' Sam replied, grabbing his duffel and tossing the other to Dean. 'One of the hunters that died during the Rising of the Witnesses...apparently, he left everything to Bobby. He wants us to help sift through everything.'
‘Wait, so is that bad? Being a, uh, Scotsman?’ Dean asked. ‘Is it…contagious?’ he added as an afterthought. He sighed as the rest of the table erupted in laughter and rolled his eyes. ‘So that answers
‘He has control issues. Nothing I did was ever good enough. He’d always harp on about how I needed to learn to focus my power more and contribute to the fight,’ Gabriel said as he helped himself to another serving of potatoes. ‘He kept harassing Mom about me. Said she was a shitty parent for raising me around demons.’
‘Spread your wings. Show them to me,’ Dean said huskily, lightly stroking Castiel’s spine.
‘Bad news, you lost a shirt…’ He looked over to the other bed and the pile of equipment. ‘Good news…uh…you won’t have to worry about your love triangle because you’ll be dead.’
Sam pulled Gabriel on top of himself and kissed him lightly. ‘Not sayin’ that at all. Although, I hope you weren’t planning on wearing them tomorrow…’
of right and wrong. I just don’t really care,’ he eventually said. ‘It’s the same with angels. You must have noticed.’
He realized he was truly abandoned and alone. The broken toy. Thrown out to never be loved again.
Dean recounts the story with a melancholic smile on his lips. When he’s done with it, he takes a long swing at his beer, closing his eyes to the taste of hops.
They have their hands buried deep in each other’s hair, and there’s laughter on their lips as they yank and haul their bodies against one another on every wall.
Dean starts off with shallow circular movements, getting ever so slightly deeper at each turn of his fingers. He takes a deep breath, holds Castiel tightly, and twists his wrist to reach for the prostate.
«You are a creature of habit despite how hectic your life is.» Castiel notes plainly, without inflection in his voice, but his eyes lift from the volume to look up at the hunter tenderly. However, Dean notices some agitation behind them as well.
So, Dean tries his hardest not to flinch when Castiel drinks, which isn’t often, or when he enjoys the drag of a cigarette around twice a month.
He notices, not without a fair measure of surprise, that he is not afraid.
With lots of patience that was nothing short of angelic, Castiel always managed to find the right words to mend his irritation. With time, Dean has learned not to mind.
The hot water fills the bathroom with thick steam and runs down along his thighs and into the drain, leaving his skin feeling refreshed.
The hunter holds it up between his thumb and pointer. He takes his first hit since what feels like a whole lifetime and the smoke burns through and down him. Much like the first time, he coughs it up ungraciously.
«You can always smoke it through me, I’ve read it’s milder that way.» The angel suggests, and Dean is intrigued. «What, like passing it to me in a kiss?» He asks, recalling the high school couple doing just that.
Castiel softly moans at the mental image, Dean’s voice hot in his ear, and his hole gives way for the tip of Dean’s finger. There’s a fleeting sensation, a flash of light behind Castiel’s closed eyelids, like his body got spooked by the intrusion. But it lasts less than a second. After that, it still feels a little odd and alien, but in a way that sparks his curiosity, that makes him sigh at the thought of more and deeper.
Dean's lips are barely curved upwards, but his eyes are clearly smiling, appreciating the view with such a gentle gaze that makes Castiel feel treasured. The hunter nods to him, instantly silencing away all his reservations.
«Oh, sure.» Dean's casual openness has Castiel completely dumfounded. «Sure?» He repeats mechanically.
«Thank you, Dean.» When he finally takes it, his voice is so faint the hunter fears he’s going to break down sobbing right there and then. Which is really to say something, considering he has seen the angel cry only once before.
«Yeah… It didn’t take long at all for him to notice that I was baked like a cake. And God, he got so pissed. He hauled a lamp at me, screaming about how that shit makes people slow, how that’s a death sentence for a hunter. That I was a selfish asshole because I needed to be always on call for Sammy. He reeked of alcohol himself. While he was still howling at me, I got so overwhelmed with everything that I started crying, and…» Dean stops to take a sharp breath. His heart has picked up its pace, and it beats loud and fast in his ears. «And he beat me for it until I stopped sobbing. That’s… that’s what put me off it.». When he finishes speaking, Dean shrugs out a nervous chuckle, and downs his beer in one go.
Finally, they can stumble back together on the bed, and it’s all so chill and quiet and Dean’s nestled, snug, into the curve of Castiel’s body, held in place by the angel’s arm.
Cas’ pulse was constant under Dean’s fingers. Cas looked down and Dean followed his gaze. Immediately he let go and he took a step back too because Cas’ wrist was angry red, the skin raised like a bad blistering burn. It calmed once Dean had let go and Dean watched as Cas examined his own wrist and as the mark disappeared entirely.
“You’re changing the subject, but fine. Work is great,” Sam said.
The thing about spending time with Cas was that it was the easiest thing in the world. It was easier than any of the time he’d spent dating Lisa and better than spending time with Sam who, as a little brother, just tended to get annoying after a while. With Cas, Dean lost track of time. He forgot about everything else and lived in the moment they were sharing even when Cas brought the conversation back to the bakery and all the work that he still needed to do and Dean had to talk him down into relaxing.
Dean found a stool at the island and he watched as Cas moved around throwing even more things into the sink.
Dean should have known better than to tell Sam about Castiel, but he was just so used to telling Sam everything that it had spilled out. He could feel Sam’s judgement.
When Cas’ fingers made contact with his wing the feathers shone. It was a light so blinding that Dean had the afterthought to hope that his brother had shielded his eyes. The rest of him relished the touch.
“I’m not great with that type of thing,” Cas admitted.
“He wants to meet you too,” Dean said.
If you liked it please like/reblog on
Dean didn’t really talk about his feelings much. He didn’t talk about his fears or his insecurities or just how overwhelming it really was to be an adult. Dean had grown up fast after his dad died. After Cassie, he’d spent so much time there on that spot trying to figure out why he hadn’t been enough. It wasn’t until years later that Dean came to realize that he and Cassie had both loved each other but not enough for either of them to fully open up or fully be what the other needed. He hadn’t shared his spot with her or many other things and maybe it had been their downfall.
“Oh,” Cas said. “Sorry. Lisa never said that. I might have—” Cas trailed off.
Then, the substance started to form shapes. Humanlike shapes that like soldiers stepped into place around Dean and simultaneously they moved forward and as they moved they became more corporeal.
“Yes. Definitely. I don’t bake pie for just anyone.”
Cas’ eyes fluttered a few times and then they were back on Dean’s, just as piercing as ever. A blue that was all Cas and that Dean had thought he was never going to see again. And yet there it was.
Dean turned and it literally hurt to look away from Cas, but he did it.
Jack showed them around and from the way that Cas reacted, Dean could tell that things were different. Things in heaven had changed. Dean hung back and watched it all. The man — angel — he loved and his son who was God and technically just a few years old. And maybe Cas belonged at Jack’s side in heaven helping with all the changes and making sure that Jack was making the right decisions.
“But you want him to be,” Sam said.
Cas’ sad gaze told him that Cas knew what he was thinking. It shamed Dean.
Not that Dean wouldn’t have minded if it turned into more, but for the moment he and Castiel were just friends.
“Sam said you were the last one that saw him,” Claire had said. “What happened?”
Dean was left all alone.
Cas stared at him for a long moment. Dean heard Sam and Eileen returning, but he didn’t turn to see them because Cas gripped his hand tight.
Castiel walked over to stand by the island, right in front of Dean. “I wanted to. It’s what I always wanted to do. It’s just hard and the whole prospect of opening up a new business and putting my all and then having it fail...it’s easier to just dream about it and come home and bake something that I know someone will enjoy.”
Cas had what could only be called, a sprawling garden. There were plants everywhere. Most were growing out of the ground, but quite a few were in pots. Stone steps created paths around the plants to the center of the garden where Cas had a small patio. He had chairs and a table there and Dean could picture Cas there with a mug of tea, something fresh out of his oven on a plate and maybe some music playing. It was peaceful. Relaxing.
Dean was at fault there too. For one thing, he’d denied it for so long even to himself to the point that Dean hadn’t known — allowed himself to know — until it was too late. And by the time that Dean had realized why it was that Cas affected him so much and why he had nearly drowned himself in anger and alcohol after the night of Jack’s birth. And Cas for all his talk about profound bonds was an angel and as human as he could be at times, Dean had never expected Cas to feel anything for him in that way.
It was nearing 4am, and Jack just appeared in the bunker’s library. Dean was doing research. A few empty beer bottles sat on the table next to him. His notebook had gained very little in notes.
A couple of hours later they arrived at Claire’s hotel.
Castiel kept him company out in the yard. He busied himself with the garden, but wandered over to see how Dean was doing every once in a while, offering to get Dean anything he might need. It was nice.
“He was,” Dean said.
Dean remembered the day when they had driven to meet up with Jody and the girls. How Dean had left it to Sam to break it to Claire that Cas was gone. She had taken off as soon as the words had been said, only to return later and point at Dean and demand that he talk to her.
“Oh,” Cas said and his smile was so bright when he looked at Dean again. “You’re my best friend too.”
His voice was that deep gravely warm that Dean had missed desperately. Dean wanted to wrap himself in it.
“I know. I wanted to.”
“Leave it alone, Sam! He’s gone. That’s it. Leave it alone! We are never going to see him again and that’s that! He’s gone just like mom and like dad and Bobby and...and even Jack.”
“I saw you once,” Cas said, speaking for the first time. “You and Lisa were out in her yard and I saw you. You looked happy.”
What he was now, the grace that existed within him could easily tell Dean how often he’d said those words in his adult life and how often he hadn’t meant it or been convinced that he did when he didn’t. And the few times it had been real, none of them felt at all like the full encompassing love that he felt for Cas.
“And now Jack is God,” Cas said and there was just a smidge of disbelief. “And he made you an angel.”
“Coming to check on you, honestly,” Dean said as they set the box down on a counter. “How’s it going here?”
It was kinda awkward because they were on the hood of his car and so it was more like Cas was lying on him and just holding on, but Dean wrapped his arms around Cas back and Cas’ head was somehow tucked into the crook of his neck. It was as if they had been made to fit together.
Cas, as Dean had come to learn, was brilliant if a bit behind on pop culture. There were few movies that Cas had actually seen and fewer tv shows. Things went over his head all the time and Dean had started — albeit slowly — giving Castiel a sort of education. He’d all but demanded that Cas have a movie night with him a few weeks earlier entirely so that Dean could put on A New Hope and transform Castiel into a Star Wars fan. He was pleased when Cas actually did enjoy the movie.
“Yes, Dean?”
What Sam definitely didn’t know was Cas’ last words before he was taken or the exact reason why The Empty had come for Cas in that moment and Dean didn’t want him to know them.
(See the end of the chapter for
In many ways, it was nice to hear that. It was nice to have someone else confirm what Dean already knew. And a part of him had to wonder what might have happened if he or Lisa met someone else back when they were together. What if Dean had actually met Castiel? Because he couldn’t deny his attraction. Or that he wanted to know more about Cas. He wanted to know everything about him.
Cas looked away. “I heard plenty from Lisa. But, and I guess it’s alright to say now, I didn’t feel like she was all that invested ”
Dean knew that Sam kept track of Chuck just in case, but neither of them had ever wanted to see him again. Certainly not so soon.
“Like what?”
“They were beautiful. A reflection of you,” Cas said. “And they’re not fully gone yet. I can still feel them and see them sometimes. I give it a couple more days.”
He had never seen anything like that. He had never seen that many bees at once in one space.
Dean just shot Sam a text and Cas seemed to think it was a good time to touch Dean’s wings again. He was careful and his touches felt amazing.
Dean didn’t know much about bees or beekeeping, but Castiel got excited when he talked about it and the way he explained everything made it easy for Dean to follow and even when he didn’t, he just liked to hear Cas talk.
(See the end of the chapter for
They had walked to the front of the car and Dean motioned for him to get on the hood. They sat side by side up there.
Dean could admit that it definitely would have made for a good location.
His coffee had sloshed in his hand and the hot liquid ran down over his fingers and to the floor before Dean just slammed it down on the nearest table and it spilled even more.
Sam greeted him with a hug. Eileen hugged him next. Neither of them asked about his trip, instead they started showing him information about a new case. Dean had expected his return to be met with more arguments with Sam or for him to want to push about finding a way to bring Cas back, so when they didn’t come Dean just jumped into the new case. Dean supposed that it could have been Eileen’s influence, but for once Sam just left it alone. So, Dean did his research when Sam wasn’t around and he prayed every day.
Dean continued to shake them off. His focus remained on Cas and holding on when it occurred to him that he already had Cas in his hold.
Thank you to anyone that read this. :)
So, a week after meeting Castiel for the first time, Dean was once more back at his house, but this time instead of getting out of the car and knocking on his door, it was Cas that gave his car a gentle rap. Dean unlocked the door at once and Cas got in.
“Cas,” Dean breathed.
“I don’t know why you bother,” Castiel said after they had watched a few birds flutter about near the trees.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Jack said. “He will not leave you. You’ve made your choice Dean, but you have to know that he made his too. His grace is almost gone. He’s been falling slowly for so long and it’s all because of you.”
It was the right choice. He felt it in his bones. Looking at Cas, who had moved on to looking at other flowers and plants, it was easy to imagine him remaining in heaven and being in The Garden.
Castiel jumped into the topic, telling Dean all about how he thought he might get to harvest some honey in the next week or so since a few of the frames looked like they were getting quite full.
“I don’t want to talk about it, Sam. Cas is gone. He’s gone and he isn’t coming back.”
“You really like bees, huh?” Dean said.
Dean stepped closer and he grabbed Cas’ wrist. “I am not the kind of person that does anything without fully wanting to do it. Do you realize, Cas, that you’re sort of my best friend? That I love spending time with you and that I like to help you?”
The front came together slower, but just a few months after the remodel started it was all complete. The last thing to go up was the sign outside that read Angel Bakes complete with a halo floating over the A.
“It’s nice out here,” Cas said when he got out of the car.
Sam stepped forward, cautiously. “Is that Cas?”
Dean was suddenly reminded that they hardly knew each other and yet he felt such a need to comfort and uplift this man who was beautiful and who Dean couldn’t help but admire because Dean had never met someone that would just bake a whole day away only to give it all away.
“But—“ Sam began.
“I figured that wasn’t something she should hear over the phone,” Sam said.
“You hid it well this time,” Sam muttered and there was hurt laced through his words.
“It was about damn time that I pay you back for pulling me out of hell. Damn it, Cas, do you have any idea what you did to me? What it did to have you gone after—”
“So do it,” Dean said and maybe he said it a bit gruffer and harder than he should have.
Something about his will to leave and the way that his wings were being weighed down by the soldiers and realizing that it was really Cas in his hold, it brought his grace forward and in a flash all the soldiers were torn apart, falling in black thick rain drops as Dean finally and properly flew out of The Empty gripping Cas tight.
The spark stopped, floated and waited until Dean was in front of it and instinct told him to grasp it. It fell into his hand without a fight. It felt pleasantly warm and then Dean knew exactly what he needed to do.
“It won’t hurt to have this type of mojo on hunts, will it?” Dean asked. “I know Chuck is gone and things in heaven and hell are well in hand, but the monsters we hunt are still out there. I don’t know.”
“Dean, I have two weeks until opening day. I can’t afford to just take off like this—”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean met him halfway, hands reaching for Cas’ jaw and the scruff was surprisinglyand then his lips were pressing against Cas’ for the first time. One of Cas’ hands had climbed up to rest on Dean’s neck and jaw, but his other hand was at first on Dean’s shoulder and then on his wings again and between the kissing and the touch on his feathers, Dean couldn’t help a low moan.
Thank you to anyone reading this.
“So you harvest your own honey,” Dean said.
“Jack couldn’t go get you. So he made it so that I could,” Dean said.
“That’s…you feel like you need that?”
The wood planks were not in a horrible state. Dean figured that eventually they would need to be replaced, but they weren’t there yet. So, instead he made work of getting all of Cas’ steps to have better attachments to the supports. It was quick work, but he kept getting distracted by watching Cas.
“You told me he was gone,” Claire said accusingly at Dean. Her eyes flickered towards Sam too, but they settled on Dean.
Castiel was so busy getting the bakery ready for the grand opening once the remodel was done, that Dean barely saw him over the next few weeks unless it was to help him around Angel Bakes. Cas had even stopped baking on Fridays even if that meant that he wasn’t taking anything over to the soup kitchen and shelter. Cas also still had his job to go to in the meanwhile. Every time that Dean saw him, the dark circles under his eyes grew and grew and he looked so stressed that Dean thought he’d even started to lose weight.
“Okay. If you love it so much, why don’t you own a bakery already. I mean, I’ve eaten a lot of pies and cakes and cookies and yours are by far the best things I’ve ever tasted.”
Dean grinned. “Not just your pie. Your cookies. Your banana bread. Your muffins.”
It did take them a few trips before they found the right place. Dean didn’t tell Cas right away that Singer Auto was only a few blocks away, but he was glad for the fact. It was on a corner and only a couple of blocks away from Singer Auto. It had been formerly a dog grooming place, and before that a pizza restaurant, and before that a dry cleaner, but none of those businesses had taken off.
They walked on the stone steps and Dean admired some of the plans. He could recognize some. White daisies and yellow honeysuckle next to a beautiful dark purple flower that seemed to shoot out from between two floppy long leaves. There were lilies, and a row where lavender grew next to rosemary and thyme and rue. Cas had flowers of every color all mixed throughout. Dean spotted sunflowers, yellow beauties that stood almost as tall as he was.
“You’re a fan, then?”
“They’re not what they used to be. Nothing like yours are.” Cas’ smile was wistful. “My grace hasn’t been what it was.”
“I don’t care what you are or what I am,” Dean found himself saying, “not when the parts that matter stay. Most caring man in the world, huh?”
Sam thought it was hilarious and Dean thought he saw Eileen smiling too.
“I’ve tried,” Jack said. “I’ve tried everything I could think of and I don’t know how.”
Jack couldn’t stay long, so all of it was immediate.
“Yeah?”
“We’ll meet you there,” Sam said. “Wait for us.”
“In heaven wrangling some angels,” Dean said and then he filled him in.
“Heaven is a lot more work than I thought,” Jack said. “I couldn’t leave without dire consequences and even now...well, things are a big stabler now but there are so few angels left. And so many prayers.”
Castiel stared at him for a long time. He barely even blinked.
They met some of the angels and they gave Dean odd glances which Dean figured had to do with him technically being one of them now. Cas received shocked looks and more than one glare. Jack took them to The Garden. Dean had been there once before and the whole experience still felt more like a dream than anything. It didn’t look the same as it had back then. Now it was wild and huge. It just kept going and going and he imagined that it contained any and all plants. It was beautiful. He saw Cas stop at a flower he couldn’t identify, leaning in to give it a sniff and then he kept leaning there and Dean spotted a few bees that had caught his attention.
Cas used his metal took again and then with his bare hands he reached in and withdrew one of the wooden frames. Bees were everywhere on it. Some crawled right onto Cas’ hands but he didn’t seem to mind them when they did. Dean didn’t know what he had expected, but what he saw was amazing. And Cas being careful of squishing them and the way that he moved with such precision and care was hotter than anything Dean had ever seen. It was such a distraction, that whatever Cas had been telling him about the hive didn’t fully register.
Castiel was at a loss for words, but his cheeks had gone that lovely pink again. Dean wanted nothing more than to lean over and kiss him. He just didn’t know if it was something that Cas would want. His blush said a lot, but there was also just so much else on Cas’ shoulders and Dean didn’t want to add to that.
When Dean was growing up, like most teenagers he hadn’t looked eye to eye on much with his parents. He’d hated the way that his mother pushed the idea that he had to go to college to amount to anything, or how his father had resigned himself to be disappointed in Dean. They thought that Dean didn’t take anything too seriously, that he spent too much time chasing tail, and that he was a bad influence on Sam.
Bone and sinew ripped and it must have been the worst of it, because he was sure that he blacked out for some of it. When he became aware again, it was on his knees, doubled over on the hardwood floor and feeling like something heavy had settled on his back and wasn’t letting him up.
“Don’t think about it today just for a few hours, Cas. How are your bees?”
“Cas,” Dean said and his grip tightened on Cas’ wrist. The hand on Cas’ cheek swept over the space under Cas’ eye.
“Dean! What are you doing here?”
Their foreheads were pressed together and their breath mingled between them. There was still a lot that needed to be discussed. Cas needed to be filled in on more than just the bullet points that Dean had given him. Jack would need to return and see his father or maybe Cas would need to go to Jack. Dean could probably even go with him if he wanted to. The first thing was talking to Sam.
Castiel smiled a little.
“Man, I’m sure Jack can fix that.”
“This is amazing,” Dean said.
“Oh. I figured you were here to pick it up,” Lisa said with a frown. “You can’t bully him into being your personal baker. I know he’s a nice guy, but don’t take advantage of my neighbor.”
“She baked sometimes, but the only thing she could really nail was pie and to be honest it was store bought crust. But it was amazing. Best pie I ever ate before yours.”
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said.
His ribs had been bruised up from the last case he and Sam had gone on and a knife had slashed into the meat of his thigh. He’d burned his hand cooking breakfast that morning and there had been a big bruise on his left forearm. All of that was gone. Somehow, it just made the Castiel shaped hole in his heart that much sharper.
Cas sat on the edge of the table. His hands gripped the edge so tight that his knuckles had gone white, but he pushed off of it, falling into step and taking the remaining one to make it to where Dean stood. He looked wild, hair standing in every direction, and behind him the wings that Dean had never before been allowed to actually see. They were limp and with hardly any feathers left and yet they twitched up and curved towards Dean.
“Sammy.”
“Sam, we’re friends now. Cas is a cool guy. You’d like him.”
“Things are different now,” Jack said carefully. “The Empty is different. I think that is the problem. If I could — if I could go in there I would…” he trailed off. “I could barely make the time to come here and, Dean, I can’t stay long before I’m needed.”
To be entirely honest, Dean hadn’t really given bees much thought. He’d heard about the need to protect them and their importance, but not enough to do more than just not get in their way or bother them. None of that meant that he didn’t admire Castiel for his clear devotion.
Dean had known power before. He had had the mark of Cain on him, he had been a demon, and when Michael had used him as a vessel, Dean had been aware enough to know what that power felt like. What Jack had made him, it was different and greater than all of that. But more than that, it came with knowing.
Dean laughed. “Did I rave about your pie nonstop to anyone that would listen? Yes, Cas, I did. And not just that…you’re an impressive guy. I am amazed by you.”
No day could end without Dean telling Cas about his day. Even when he stopped praying to Jack nightly, he would still pray to Cas.
“Me.”
He turned to Cas, eyes wide. “What did you say food tasted like to you?”
He could still taste. It just wasn’t the same as it was before. For one thing, hunger wasn’t a thing so eating something didn’t quench any real desire. It wasn’t satisfactory like it had once been. Saltier and sweeter things had a better taste but Dean could also now name every single ingredient that had gone into something and sometimes he didn’t taste the whole component but each separate flavor. And then there was the molecule thing that Cas had been going on about because that was a thing and it wasn’t pleasant.
Dean kept a steady stream of conversation. He told Cas about working with Bobby and how he’d come to half own Singer Auto and a little bit about him and Lisa. How he met her at a bar and how quickly Dean had found himself dating her.
“Anything. Whatever you want to tell me.”
“This isn’t your fault, Jack,” Dean said.
One thing that remained from his time as an angel was some of what he already knew. One of those things was that Cas was his and he was Cas’ and their bond — their profound bond — it meant that there was nothing that could stop them from loving each other.
“And as your best friend, I think it’s time for a break.”
The thing about Castiel was that for all the time that Dean spent with him, he couldn’t figure out if Cas did want their friendship to be more. Sometimes, it felt like he did. Other times, it felt like Cas saw him as a friend and nothing more and Dean didn’t want to push it. So, he tried to flirt a little and he spent so much time with Castiel, that Sam began to feel a bit neglected, and yet Castiel never indicated that he felt anything more for Dean outside of how his cheeks would get pink whenever Dean flirted with him.
Dean had to physically reach over and and grab Castiel’s wrist which was when Cas finally looked directly at him and to Dean it was obvious that Cas had really worked himself up. It was strange to see that when Castiel had seemed so at peace and so calm from the moment Dean met him.
“Was she very religious?” Dean asked.
Jack’s shoulders slumped and he looked so young in that moment.
Cas brought the pie out and set it atop a cutting board. It smelled divine, the warm apple and cinnamon scent filling up the kitchen even more now that the pie was actually out of the oven. Dean’s mouth watered.
“You befriended Lisa’s baker neighbor because you missed his pies and then somehow you’re fixing up things around this guy’s house and you’re taking him out to look at possible locations for a bakery this weekend.”
Cas beckoned him down the stairs. A couple of the wooden planks were wobbly when he stepped on them. Nothing adding a nail or switching out the plank wouldn’t fix.
He felt Cas’ fingers. It was gentle and almost not there and yet it was pleasant like someone running fingers through his hair but somehow even better and Cas’ fingers dug deep into his feathers.
As he followed Cas into his house, Dean was immediately hit with the scent of baking. It smelled divine, but somehow more divine was watching Cas walk ahead of him. He was wearing jeans and they fit him perfectly, giving Dean plenty to ogle at.
Dean had to lean over and physically put a hand over Cas’ mouth.
Cas was taken.
They spent the morning right into the afternoon together. Cas was never far and if they weren’t touching in some way, they were within reach of each other. Dean’s wings seemed to lean towards Cas, wrapping behind Cas or just pointing at him but always aware of where Cas was. Cas never seemed to stop himself from glancing at them or touching them.
Dean had been smelling it for a while. The buttery, warm cinnamon and apple permeating every inch of the kitchen. It smelled like home. Like when he would get home from school and know the moment he opened the door that his mom was baking pie.
“I love you,” Dean said.
“I can’t go and the remaining angels can’t go, Dean. But you can. You can bring him back. Just not while you’re human.”
“Jack,” Dean said.
Dean imagined that looking for a place to open a bakery shouldn’t have been fun. Somehow, it was. They looked at places up for rent and a few that were for sale. Cas didn’t like most of them and Dean found issues with others. There was not one that either of them actually liked.
“And why didn’t you ask for help?” Dean asked. “I told you I’d be happy to.”
Jack’s face fell from animated to forlorn.
Dean had fully expected the first hurdle to be getting the financials in place. But Cas already had the money. It made everything easier.
“Castiel wouldn’t have wanted to let you hurt,” Jack said. “At least the physical pains.”
Past the patio, they continued on until they were approaching what looked like six wooden boxes. They sat a few feet apart from each other and Cas approached the closest one.
Not that Dean had really minded. Bones had come with Dean out to the spot a few times. For all that Dean had complained when they first took the dog in, he’d become a companion for a time.
He was right. Of course he was right because it hadn’t all even been about Dean. Everything had been at stake and Cas had had to make that decision. Really, it went back to Cas’ decision to make that deal with The Empty in the first place. And not just that, but his decision to keep the deal to himself. It had been such a blindsight, but worse on looking at it now, Dean had to imagine that Cas had been avoiding finding true happiness ever since. Dean had probably made that easy for him with how much he pushed Cas away. How much he lay the blame on Cas.
“Like the Adam’s Family?” Dean asked.
“What about Cas, Jack?” Dean asked after listening to Jack describe just a few of the things that had kept him busy.
“Get that out of your system?”
He told Cas about his mom too.
Please like/reblog
“Thank you,” Castiel said.
“Want to get lunch after this?”
His voice was different, it had taken on a strange crispness and with it authority. When Dean looked at him he was still Jack, but he glowed as if a stagelight was pointing at him. It didn’t last long before it disappeared and there was just Jack left.
It seemed like that was a part of the whole thing that Cas still needed to wrap his mind around. Dean could tell when Cas’ eyes would go to his wings, how they would get caught up looking at them with something almost wistful.
Dean groaned.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Time passed strangely, but Dean was aware that it was passing and that he wouldn’t have much time.
“Different but the same,” Dean said. “I just understand things and I see more.” He reached behind Cas and gently touched Cas’ wing.
(See the end of the chapter for
And they were back there down in that room that Dean hadn’t been able to step foot in. Dean couldn’t go any longer holding anything in or letting Cas think that he felt nothing. This time, there was no putting it off and telling himself that it was for the better. It wouldn’t be.
His hands were still in the substance and it started to move, flicking up and at him from below, above, and all sides. His wings lifted up as protection and none of it touched him even while around him it was becoming more and more volatile and through it all, Dean held onto Cas.
Cas shuddered and Dean pulled his hand away.
“Because the grooming place was by appointment only and expensive as all hell. Because the owners of the pizza place were laundering money and serving what amounted to baked frozen pizza. Because the dry cleaner wasn’t very good. Trust me, Cas, one taste of anything you bake and you’ll have customers for life.”
Cas didn’t seem sure, but he nodded.
“How’s work?” Dean asked.
Dean couldn’t believe that at one point in his life he had been annoyed by how close Cas got to him. Now, he wanted Cas as close as possible. Always within his reach.
Sam had a lot of questions about Dean being an angel and Dean did his best to answer until Eileen asked what Cas had asked earlier.
“Well, my grandfather did well for himself and when he passed and he left me all that money, I knew what I would do with it,” Castiel said. “And when it didn’t work out when Balt and I were — well, I just never touched it.”
“Cas,” Dean said, a little more than a whisper.
Thanks for reading.
Cas returned to Dean’s side after a moment, smiling. “Figure everything out?” he asked.
Dean kept back. He watched Cas take the top part off and then he used some sort of tool to open up the box. Cas motioned him closer and there they were. Some flew out, but most stayed put walking over the wood and over each other.
‘I get to be on TV?’ Dean said, smiling.
‘Better,’ Castiel slowly answered.
'Cas, are you okay?' Gabriel called out.
Castiel glanced around the hotel restaurant. ‘Not here,’ he said slowly.
Crowley nodded solemnly as he turned away. ‘Anna, replace the devil’s traps along the perimeter,’ he ordered. ‘Meg, you set about placing wards against angels. And don’t lock Anna out.’
He walked over to the desk and began opening drawers, rummaging through them. He pulled out an old journal and flipped through it. From the entries, he gathered it belonged to John Winchester. A throat cleared, and he looked up, not at all embarrassed at being caught. ‘Yes?’ he said as he went back to reading the journal.
‘You know how I feel about those movies,’ Castiel replied, a touch more forlornly than he’d meant.
anything! I met him before that! And he wasn’t on that boat when
Tightly clutching the side of the door, he poked his head out into the fresh air and bright sun. He cursed as he was forced to shut his eyes against the light, hoping that no one was out there waiting for him. He blinked rapidly as his eyes teared up. There was no sign of Sam. That was good, right?
Castiel shrugged and looked away. ‘That night
Castiel looked down and shuffled his feet. He was well aware that he was on the boring side. It was why he'd asked for advice in the first place. Gabriel seemed to think he was testing the cuff's bond. He didn't really want Gabriel to know the truth, but it was too late now.
Castiel stared ahead as all eyes went to him. He had gone right through his breakdown only to end up in a world that was more insane than anything he could have imagined. There really was some sort of mermaid conspiracy. Everyone was turning out to be a mermaid or know about them. At least he found out before his brother. And that was another thing…
‘The soap that went missing?’ Sam asked with a grimace.
Castiel swallowed and carefully made his way closer. He was about five feet away when the tail gave a quick beat and was once again out of sight. He swam as fast as he could, but every time he caught sight of the green and violet tail, it would dart behind another rock or disappear in a cloud of fish. He was getting frustrated. Not once did he see the thing’s head.
The knowing smirk never left Crowley’s face. ‘Why don’t you ask your angel?’
Ms. Skrims nodded and excused herself, setting her sights on the next pretty, young thing that crossed her path.
'“Signs,”' Gabriel echoed in an incredulous tone. 'Well, Miss Cleo, if you can lie when he asks you a question, that's a good sign. Ignoring orders... Just...stuff you shouldn't be able to get away with.'
Castiel met Balthazar’s eyes. ‘It’s nothing. Just…college hijinks I thought I had managed to leave behind.’
Balthazar dodged Gabriel’s hands and quickly reached into his bag. After scrounging around for a moment, he pulled out a nondescript CD case. ‘Here. Take it! Go watch it and see just how innocent your baby brother is. Never knew he was that kinky.’
‘What sort of pictures?’
‘Well, seeing is believing, right?’ Gabriel said. Sam was the straight up traditional image of a mermaid. Half human, half fish… No gills or extra fishy bits on his upper body. After he and Castiel were mentally back on track, he’d have to quiz his brother on just how it was possible.
‘Eventful can be fun,’ Dean replied. ‘Or sucky and full of shark attacks…’
?! There’s more than one?’
He hunched over, burying his face in his hands. ‘No one knew about me… No one had any idea about my reputation in college. Do you have any idea how
An hour in, and what had originally seemed like a good idea had Dean bored out of his mind. Yes, having his mate’s hands roaming all over him was enjoyable to a certain degree, but Castiel was very methodical about his exploration of Dean’s body.
Cas bit his lip. ‘G-gimme a sec…’ He muted his phone and turned to Dean. ‘Um… There’s a uh…sex tape, I guess, of me masturbating, and to get it back…I have to go on a date with my ex. I still…kinda like him. I don’t know how things will turn out.’
‘Good. Now, wake up.’
Castiel lifted his head at Dean’s amusement. ‘Peacock?’
knew how he was back, but he couldn't say a single word of it. He had to act like he was interested, too.
Dean stared at the hand incredulously. ‘Work for a demon? Why the fuck would I work for a
Castiel held his breath. They hadn’t spoken about Dean’s death nor what he had seen. Castiel dreaded the topic. He had seen Dean staring at photographs of his mother, whispering to them with sad, wistful smiles. He swallowed as Dean’s eyes shimmered with unshed tears.
Castiel pointed to the horror section and followed Dean. ‘So, I picked a good one?’ he asked.
‘Yes! God, yes!!’
Sam’s face screwed up in confusion. ‘Is it…his middle name?’ he asked. He still didn’t have the best understanding of why humans had so many names. Given names, family names, middle names,
‘Pearls? You’re an oyster, now?’ Gabriel said with a helpless tone. He hung his head and groaned miserably as Sam kissed his fingers.
copy?’
‘Everything!’ Castiel whined helplessly, throwing his arms in the air. ‘Nothing!’ he said as flicker of pain ran through his left wrist. ‘I don’t know!! I can’t talk about it!’
Dean moved so that he was kneeling in front of Castiel. ‘Not to change your mind, but uh… I’m not much to look at where I come from,’ Dean said as he looked away. ‘I’m kinda bottom of the barrel. Just…thought you should know that before you answered.’
‘It doesn’t concern you.’
Gabriel slowly opened his eyes at the sounds coming from the bathroom. He lifted his head and looked to the other bed. He saw Dean blissfully asleep and tightly clutching a pillow. Through his sleep-addled mind, Gabriel took stock. Cas was wrapped around him, and Dean was on the other bed. Someone was missing. Someone was starting the shower. Sam!
Castiel’s face scrunched in confusion. ‘I told you, I’m not—augh!!’ He doubled over in pain and fell to his knees. Pain laced up his arm. He had never felt anything like it. Even when his wing had been broken, the pain was nothing compared to what he was feeling at that moment. ‘I-I won’t—rrggh! No!!’ he screeched as he writhed on the ground in agony.
‘I never
The afternoon was spent with Sam showing Gabriel some of his favorite spots. Small waterfalls, some secluded ponds, and a few of the natural alcoves along the coastline. He ended the tour behind the hotel.
a m—’
‘I’m fine,’ Castiel insisted. He refused to believe that his brother was right, and that he was about to freak out over the turn his life had taken. He was just a little stressed. He could deal with it. So what if he had lost his job and was stuck on some joke of a show halfway around the world? So what if mythological creatures were real and he was currently sleeping with one? So what if…
‘Two nights in a row? What? Wait.’ Balthazar shook his head and laughed. ‘Okay. You got me. So what
Castiel nodded. ‘I have no intention of leaving.’
Even Gabriel had a set of wings tattooed onto the small of his back. Sam grimaced at the thought that Gabriel and Castiel were probably no more than property to the agency.
Castiel gasped and slumped back against the counter. He stared ahead, focusing on the knife embedded in Sam’s chest. He blinked when Sam crumpled to the floor, revealing Gabriel standing stock still in the doorway.
His breath caught when he felt Dean’s hand softly touch his wing and slowly run down its length. He could feel Dean’s want and uncertainty as well as a soft tenderness through the cuff’s connection. He cautiously uncovered his head and glanced up at Dean.
Castiel sighed and pulled his hand away from the door. ‘I’m sorry, Dean.’
Gabriel threw her a half-hearted glare. ‘I wanted one, but Alfie kept me from getting it.’
‘Reading.’
!’ Castiel said defensively.
Dean nodded and chewed on his lip. ‘I uh…got some pretty bad scars, myself.’
,’ he whined miserably. ‘
Sam frowned and looked up at Gabriel. ‘Oh! Sorry!’
.-.-.-.-.
Sam shook his head and frowned in confusion as Gabriel held his beer like a shield.
Castiel made a distressed tone, and his wings fluttered. ‘L-like
wanted to do on a date. But, given Dean’s scars…
Sam blushed as he stammered a reply. 'Dude, no!'
Dean watched the pair as they disappeared deeper into the forest. He turned his attention to Castiel and stared expectantly.
‘I have no idea what you’re saying, but, by all means, keep going,’ Gabriel finally said. He crossed his arms over his chest and tilted his head as he stared at Sam with wide eyes. ‘Because that is hot.’
Bobby stared over Sam’s shoulder in silence. 'Wasn’t there… Well, shit.'
‘Right, so… You wanna get a bite tonight?’ Balthazar eventually said. ‘See where it leads?’
? Sam slid to the floor in silence and watched Gabriel cry. What should he do? Castiel was an obvious threat. He ran a hand over his face.
Castiel smiled with his brother. ‘I don’t know…soon.’
‘No, it’s not…settled. Dean…’
‘N-no…’ Castiel placed his hand on the cuff and glared. ‘I couldn’t if I wanted. And I don’t want to.’
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel averted his eyes and hurriedly walked up to Dean. He hesitantly linked his arm through Dean’s before raising his eyes to meet Anna’s. ‘Please stop,’ he said softly.
Gabriel gave Castiel a quick once over. ‘You two square?’
Sam’s eyes widened at the winged emblem poking out from behind Gabriel’s fingers. It was the same design that was on the cufflink Dean had shown him. Anger boiled up inside him, and he stalked up to Gabriel.
Charlie’s face lit up. ‘Freckles! If I were into the whole mating scene, I’d go for him. But…not exactly my type.’ She paused and her face fell, remembering the story Sam was currently telling. ‘Freckles is…dead?’
‘I was
‘I hate the artist. Whoever they hired is an idiot. Have you ever read the commentary he sends?’ Anna said as she dropped into a chair. She pulled at her shirt and made a face as it clung to her chest. ‘I’d rather go back to sound design than read more about his fantasy world.’
‘So…’ Balthazar looked between Dean and Castiel. ‘My advice worked, huh?’
Castiel bit his lip and looked away. His eyes fell on the discarded cuff, and his stomach dropped. ‘It doesn’t matter. The cuff doesn’t work. You have no protection from me,’ he stated matter-of-factly.
. Neither of us can do our jobs correctly,’ he explained. ‘I’m going to be reassigned. Someone else will be keeping an eye on you from now on.’
‘I don’t think that’s a good idea,’ Charlie said as she made her way to Castiel. ‘C’mon, Cas. Let’s get you inside. Gabriel’s worried about you.’
‘You know my reason. Now, get going,’ Sam said as he gave Gabriel’s butt a light smack.
‘Change your mind?’
‘Fix it!’
Dean’s fins rose around him as he stared longingly at Castiel. He quickly looked away and got himself under control. ‘It’s just dropping down,’ he said. ‘Pretty sure I can handle that.’ He grinned at Castiel and wasn’t sure how he should feel about the lost look he received. ‘I’ll be right back,’ he promised.
Castiel nodded. ‘Yesterday was not a good day for me, and this…this was the last straw.’
‘The situation is rather contradictory…’
,’ Gabriel replied.
Sam’s nervousness increased the further they got away from the island. He could still change his mind. Instead of going for a swim, they could just make out on the boat then head back. Gabriel would probably be up for that.
‘So… I’m the first human you nearly drowned with coming out?’ Gabriel said. He was going for a teasing tone, but he didn’t quite manage it.
‘I’m not
‘Do you want me to touch your wings right now?’ Dean asked.
Castiel ducked his head and nodded, blushing lightly as he poked at his food.
sound like that!’ Crowley hissed.
Dean nodded in amusement before looking at the screen. There he saw a picture of a human dressed up as the cartoon mermaid, but she was nowhere near as plain. She had long, red hair accented with pearls and shells, dramatic makeup, sparkling violet shells on her chest, and the most uncomfortable pair of boots that Dean had ever seen. He wondered how she managed to keep her balance in the spiked green shoes. But out of everything, the skirt caught Dean’s attention. It was a shimmering green with hints of purple. It trailed after the human for a good five feet in waves of light ruffles. To Dean, it was as if someone had translated a mermaid’s tail into human clothing. It was short in front and revealed long legs that looked as if they had scales painted on them.
‘It’s
‘Stop calling me that!’ Castiel shouted as he pulled the trigger.
Gabriel suddenly turned to Dean. 'You can release him! You don't need him. You have me,' he said desperately. 'Hell, most Hunter families only have one angel, if any! You guys already have two. Please, you don't—' He stopped when he felt a familiar hand rest on his arm. He looked to see Castiel's intense stare focused on him. 'Castiel...'
At Castiel’s shocked muttering, both Hunters looked at the TV. It was just as Gabriel had promised: pirates and pretty girls. However, he had conveniently forgotten to mention just how horny said pirates and girls were.
‘Why?!’ Dean shouted at the same time.
‘What? We’ve been through this already. Flaunting one potential mate in front of the other is
He grinned. Yes, Castiel would be perfect. Shy, unsure, inexperienced, a little clueless. He would pull the angel close, and Castiel would go stiff, not sure what to do. Dean would reassure him that it was just to get warm. Castiel would relax, maybe lean in a little. Dean would bring up how romantic the setting was. Place a soft kiss on the top of Castiel’s head. Thank him for being there when he needed the angel most.
‘Nothing says it has to be,’ Dean replied without looking up.
He lightly stroked the base of a wing and followed the bottom edge, completely mesmerized by how the feathers sprang back into position after he passed over. With both hands, he started at the center of Castiel’s back and slowly moved along the ridge of each wing, dragging his fingers and displacing feathers as he went. By the time Dean reached the tips, Castiel was hunched slightly and his breathing was ragged. Dean gave a gentle tug, and Castiel let out a muffled moan.
Gabriel raised his chin as he assessed Castiel. ‘Really?’ he said, letting the doubt in his voice show. ‘Coulda fooled me earlier.’
Gabriel frowned at Charlie and slumped back in his seat. ‘She’s not a sea monster. She’s a sea
For the most part, Benny was able to be honest in his answers. When he saw the familiar spikes of Dean’s dorsal fin, he stopped the boat and faced Castiel. ‘Here. This is about the area where I caught it,’ he said with wave of his hand. ‘Don’t know if it’s still around, but, uh… Best of luck to you.’
Sam looked down at Gabriel, who had begun shuffling his feet.
.-.-.-.-.
'Dean, stop being a jerk,' Sam said as he brought in the rest of the bags.
‘Oh! You project emotion,’ Karen exclaimed delightfully. ‘I slice.’
Castiel sighed and shrugged. ‘I don’t know… This’d be so much easier in college.’
to see him.
‘I am happy.’
Anna crossed her arms and looked away, glaring at the wall.
‘There’s a
‘Castiel. Crowley. Alone in the Caribbean. Shit ton of booze. Footage that should be uploaded to a porn site. Ring any bells?’ Balthazar said flatly.
Dean shrugged. ‘Can’t anymore… I never got to thank you,’ Dean said, breaking off in a ragged cough.
Dean couldn’t tell who was more irritated: him or Castiel. He hadn’t realized how tightly he was holding Castiel until the angel patted his hand. ‘Oh, er… Sorry.’
Dean warily eyed the water that surrounded them as he followed Castiel along the wooden walkway. They had passed several small buildings that Castiel had called ‘bungalows.’ They reached the end where the pathway split into a circle and headed to the bungalow on the opposite side. Dean stared at everything around him. Nothing could have prepared him for grandeur of the hotel proper, nor the concentrated number of small homes. Apparently, humans needed a lot to survive.
‘It’s a little…’ Gabriel huffed in frustration and stood. ‘Look, my brother sends me dick pics. Not the normal kind. Whales, snakes…some weird spikey thing that gave me nightmares for a month… If he wants me to leave him alone for a while—
just dyed the water supply and thought everyone wanted to talk to their food.’
‘I know exactly who my father is.’
Gabriel blinked in confusion at the dismissal. He frowned as he watched Sam take a seat at the card table and begin to read. At first, he wondered why Sam had chosen to ignore him. Then he realized, Sam was giving him a choice. Probably trusting or hoping that he would make the ‘right’ one.
‘That’s…good. Isn’t it?’ Sam asked.
‘Sane?’ Dean replied. ‘Yeah, I guess so… Tired as fuck. And hungry.’
‘You’re one to talk!’ Castiel shouted back, hitting Gabriel with the pillow.
A payphone rang as Sam passed it. He sighed and made his way to the ringing phone. He took a breath before answering it. ‘Hello, Gabriel.’
He thrust his hands in his pockets. He groaned as he felt the cold metal of his lighter in his coat pocket. He was an idiot. He pulled out his lighter, and lit a fire in the fireplace. Satisfied, he sat back to admire his work.
Dean could feel an uneasiness washing over him, and immediately pinpointed Castiel as the source. He stepped back and wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders. He saw Balthazar raise a brow at Castiel and felt a jolt of smug triumph that wasn’t his. He would have to remember to ask Castiel about what was going on later.
Lucifer frowned as he traced Castiel’s wings with his fingers. ‘Castiel…show me their true color.’
They were not fine.
'This is how our Father made me. I do not know how else to be,' Castiel replied.
'Upscale camping,' Gabriel offered helpfully.
‘I didn’t want you to worry…,’ Castiel whispered as he hugged himself.
The corner of Alastair’s mouth twitched up into a half-grin. ‘Oh, then by all means. Have him. He’s yours,’ he said as he stepped back, keeping an eye on Jimmy. When Jimmy began to circle Dean, Alastair matched him, keeping Dean between them. Once the door was to his back, he raised his hands in a placating gesture. ‘Since you have no need of me, I’ll be leaving.’
Castiel adjusted his grip on Dean. ‘I think a month would be enough time for him to regain a minimal amount of energy. He should be able to tap into Heaven by then,’ he replied.
The morning went relatively well for Castiel. He was reading a book in the panic room as he waited for Dean to finish working on the binding cuff. He sighed heavily when Anna came to retrieve him for training. He followed her outside, absently rubbing on his left wrist. He flinched when Anna placed a hand over his.
Dean nodded as he turned the shoes over in his hands. ‘And these all look good?’ he asked distractedly. His whole tail itched, and he could swear that his scales where shrinking and burning.
,’ Dean quietly admitted. ‘
‘Says the guy that got caught in a net!’ Charlie said with a laugh. She flicked her tail and splashed water onto Dean and Castiel.
Grace still intact? Was he the special one, or her?
Dean felt conflicted. On one hand, Castiel hadn’t seen him strip. On the other…Castiel hadn’t seen him strip. ‘Huh.’
‘This summer looks like it’s gonna be a busy one, and I still need to confirm some dates with a few of our regulars,’ Sam replied with a shrug. ‘So…about an hour or so?’
Sam tried not to let his irritation show. He had found that the best way to get Gabriel to stop anything was to not show a reaction. He wondered if Gabriel had been ignored as a child. The angel thrived on attention of any sort. Attention that Sam just couldn't give until he found his brother.
‘You don’t understand,’ Gabriel said. ‘It’s like ten times better when a command’s involved! It makes everything so fucking
'You'll have to come with us, you know,' Dean said quietly. They couldn't just leave the angel there. Who knew what sort of the trouble he would get up to if released. He might lash out, and Dean couldn't let that happen. And if Dean was right, he would have done the same as Gabriel to protect Sam. The angel had to be protecting family.
‘Uh… A little. You get used to it,’ Dean replied. ‘When I dry off completely, you’ll be able to watch.’
Gabriel perked up and vanished. The scraping of heavy metal against concrete could be heard, followed by more banging and crashing along with some cursing. Finally, the door to the panic room open inward, showing Gabriel. He wore a white tank top and red silk boxers. He rubbed his hands together as he cautiously stepped out of the room. He glanced up at Michael and quickly averted his eyes, going straight to Sam and immediately clinging onto his arm. ‘I-is my…is my dad really still alive?’
Castiel nodded. ‘I’m prone to having accidents with those who are evil or wish me to suffer,’ he said. He looked to Dean and gave a shy, uncertain smile. ‘Remember? I explained it…albeit not very well…’
Castiel pulled his hand away and clutched his left wrist, shaking his head. ‘No! It’s fine like this! Don’t feel the need to waste any of the blanks.’ He flinched when Dean cupped his cheek.
‘Gabriel might be uncomfortable watching you strip, but everyone else is gonna eat it right up,’ Balthazar said as he propped the camera on his shoulder. ‘Ready when you are.’
‘Cas…’
‘Mmm… Oh! Six
Sam frowned at Dean. ‘Bobby and Karen deserve to know,’ he said as he crossed his arms.
He had landed in the middle of a forest, far from civilization and away from any supernatural creatures. He kicked at a nearby tree before leaning against it. He wondered how long Castiel would wait before giving up.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a small shadow moving towards Benny’s boat. He swam a little closer, not recognizing its shape as anything he knew. It took a moment for him to realize it was human. The movements were much more precise than the other humans he had observed swimming.
‘So… You and Dean, huh?’ Balthazar grinned at the light blush forming on Castiel’s cheeks. ‘Do anything fun yet?’
‘Lucifer,’ Crowley replied. ‘He found a way to make Castiel bend to his will.’
Sam held his breath as Gabriel finally stood and turned toward the door. His fins pressed tight against him, and he looked away. He looked back up and watched as Gabriel closed the bathroom door. His heart was pounding in his chest as Gabriel sat on the floor in front of him.
‘No, it’ll be worse,’ Balthazar put in with a grin.
‘Awesome. I need it so I can get some things.’
Gabriel gave Sam a small smile. He grabbed Castiel’s shoes and keys before showing himself out.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. ‘Nowhere in the contract does it say that Sam and Dean can’t know about us.’
Gabriel shook his head. ‘I took a picture and showed him. He says he’ll be fine with a butterfly bandage,’ he explained. ‘I would ask Samandriel for our own stash, but I really don’t want anyone knowing that we broke something until morning. Or a week from now. Or ever.’
The pair forced casual smiles as Castiel settled on the shore, the water up to his chest and his notebook resting on a rock. He waved them over before he opened his notebook and began making a table.
‘Would you…like me to get you something?’ Castiel offered.
Castiel turned to look at Dean in confusion. ‘The computer?’
‘More like I dug my grave,’ Dean mumbled miserably.
‘Like a human,’ Benny replied, earning the brightest smile he had seen since Dean had first been given the small television.
‘I drink water,’ Castiel replied. After waking up with a mystery tattoo, he wasn’t too keen on the idea of getting drunk again.
Lucifer was thrown against the wall and knocked unconscious as everything around Castiel broke. Glass shattered, and the wood of furniture split in deafening pops. Cracks ran up the walls, and plaster from the ceiling sifted down.
erman and the marine biologist.’
'I think it's where she's buried,' Gabriel said as he looked up and down the hall. He shook his head. 'She's somewhere underneath us. That's about all I can really say.'
The three groups slowly made their way to each floor. Crowley, Michael, and Anna took care of one side, freeing up half the floor above so that Bobby and his group could release the rest of the floor below them from the warding’s spells. As the floors’s spells were lifted, Sam, Dean, and Gabriel would pick off as many of Lucifer’s men as they could without being noticed and take out the few lingering dampening spells they came across.
‘Good example: I want to kill Sam and Dean for taking my boys. Slowly torture them, make them beg for death. I want to slice that fat gut of yours and watch your intestines spill to the floor because you’re housing those two,’ Crowley said, ignoring Bobby’s indignant squawk. ‘The only thing that’s stopping me is that I’d rather have you on my side.’
Sam stared at the young man before leaning back. Then he saw them. Three pairs of bright, gold wings. He opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out.
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel glanced at the clock on the wall. ‘Dean, it’s four in the morning.’
'Got a hunt for us?' Dean asked, perking up. He desperately wanted to kill something. Kill something or fuck something. He wasn't exactly picky at the moment.
Castiel looked away at Gabriel’s disapproving stare. ‘He is my responsibility. I needed to see for myself,’ he replied.
‘You are the strongest person I know.’ and Castiel recognizes the long sigh that follows his own scornful grumble. He should prepare, so he holds his breath. ‘Even after all the things you’ve been through, the pains you’ve suffered, Cas, I don’t know a person that would still find a million reasons to smile everyday. And you do, and you
‘Cas…’ Dean whispers his name in quiet worship, savoring the moment with a patience Castiel could never find in himself to have. His eyes, that tell stories of a thousand forests, close softly when their foreheads touch. When their noses bump. When their lips meet. And they kiss and kiss and kiss for an eternity. Breathing each other in, tasting the love in different ways. Through different rhythms. Through different sounds. They kiss, and when their lips are finally apart, Castiel has completely forgotten the pain that had tainted his afternoon. Losing himself in the sweetness of Dean’s “I love you, too”, said in a hushed tone with soft passion right against his lips, before he was immediately kissed again.
It was weird, he admitted, to think that after all those years of taking hunt on top of hunt, working without stop to even consider how strained he felt, Sam would suggest them to take a break. Dean titters, amused at the memory of his brother’s almost hesitant request. How he seemed nervous, maybe even a little fearful, in light of his suggestion. As if Dean would laugh at his face, or try to convince him of how stupid it was. That he would say they didn’t have
The butter-knife sails up and down on the sea of wheat-bread they had baked just the other day, leaving behind the tasty flavor of enriched nut and fruit. He does that on both sides of the large slices of homemade bread, before clashing them together on the plate of green flowery designs. Whistles the wind, whistles the wind – the cattle calls for his attention. He extinguishes the sound by turning off the stove with one hand, while the other reaches for the dried peppermint leaves. He makes his tea, adding a teaspoon full of dandelion honey – spoon dancing clockwise once, twice, three times. Dancing and dancing until the honey is dissolved in magical protection. He smiles with satisfaction, taking his place at the table they share.
Castiel indulges Dean in his clumsy efforts to have something more without hesitation. Longing to have that something else that would change their dynamics, their
He finishes the bread and washes the plate and knife, taking the still warm refreshing tea back to his favorite spot. The wind whispers, through the opened window, tales of late-autumn cold, brought by darkened heavy clouds that soon would be spilling their pour throughout the city of stone. He wonders if their dark-blue umbrella still sat in the umbrella stand by the door. He can’t see it from where he is sitting, and he has no will to get out of his comfortable cocoon to find out. What would it matter, anyway?
It tastes of sweet strawberry jam. It tastes of honeyed tea. It tastes of the scent brought up by recent mowed lawn. It tastes of sunshine through the rain. It tastes of arms that hold him and hold him, tight and tight and even tighter. It tastes of laughter. It tastes of Dean.
Dean stay. They walk for a while just like that, hands brushing against one another almost casually – too frequent to be so, though. They keep walking. Wind, water, the smell of the sea, and sand under their bare feet.
to simply let go. Even if for just a few days.
A wave that grows and grows and consumes every single shell that rests on the seashore – gathering all of them in its gentle core. A wave that is warmhearted and ferventand so loving, Castiel can only think of summer days basking on the beach under intense sunlight. Of coconut water and sand under and over his feet. Of laughter and joy and love.
Castiel had learned to love and cherish each one of them, through the lens of green-colored eyes. It seemed to himit all had happened along time ago, even though in reality it had been in less than two years. And how had his life changed in such a short period of his existence. From days of empty silence to days of constant laughter. From solitude and isolation to community and sense of belonging. Where his family had – mostly – failed him, he finally found solace in the serendipitous presence of the intriguing engineer and his touches of calloused yet warm hands.
years it had been like that. Apocalypse after apocalypse on top of apocalypse. They had never found time to
And the hours keep on ticking by with flow, the coffee long cold is just another confirmation of that. Not that, again, Castiel minds. He has his own reasons. It’s not the coffee’s fault that he found himself so absorbed by his studies of
Dean awaits with a candid smile upon his lips, trying to ignore the contentment he feels burning inside his heart when the angel stops way closer to him than he should. Almost as if Dean himself were the sun he revolves around. A current that always pulls him in. He wants to laugh at the absurdity of his thoughts, fighting against the flush that was rising up his neck to glow under the freckles on his cheeks and burn on the tips of his ears.
With surprised eyes of summer sky ridden of clouds, he watches the clock on the table indicate it is three-thirty in the afternoon. That would explain why the twists and turnsin his stomach had been so persistent. They had surreptitiously surprised him about ten minutes ago, and insistently roared and roared, until the emptiness in his insides was too much of a sign that he should, at once, stop everything else and pay attention to the claims of his mortal body.
to. He knows what he would see. He knows he wouldn’t be surprised or anything of the sort. He knows he would see smiling eyes and tender expression, facing him with something Dean liked to call “adoration” for lack of a better word. When he takes Castiel’s hand, he knows all of that. That is who Castiel is. And he loves him.
‘How can you tolerate the mess I am?’ he asks in a weak voice that was always the voice that echoed the tarnished whispers of his past. Dean, loving sweet Dean, laughs at his ears, the heart-warming sound meant to cheer him and that would always bring a smile to his lips – even if a small and disheartened one. And it sure fulfilled its purpose once again.
‘Dean?’, he hears his name coming out slightly surprised in the gruff softness of his best friend’s voice. His lips curl up without his permission and he doesn’t mind. Today he doesn’t mind.
He sighs delicately, in a tremulous exhale of breathtaking confessions. They had known all along, of course, but the taste of it, Castiel notices, could be addictive. He wanted to taste more already.
Sam’s stupefied complexion wasn’t unjustified. He had never brought up again the idea of a vacation, of allowing themselves something other than destruction. He had given up on it, to be honest. Judging himself unworthy of it. So yeah, it had stung a little bit, but he
‘C’mon!’, he calls again, a bit louder so Castiel could hear him over the sound of messy crashing waves and wind. He’s urging him with his hand, and he was sure Cas understood his calling, even though he wasn’t moving. ‘What?’, he asks, wondering for the very first time if that had been a good idea. Was he missing out on something only the angel could perceive? It wouldn’t be the first time.
‘Hu, actually, Eileen was the one who suggested it.’, he had shrugged, dismissive at Dean’s mocking smile.
‘I’m home.’ the familiar husky voice echoes gently through the archway, making Castiel’s hands, shaky as they were, shield his wet eyes saddened by realization. ‘Oh, hey, sweetheart.’ thomp, thomp – his steps of socked feet were coming in his direction, and he knew, surely, what would come after. Cozy arms of strong hold would take him his, would bring warmth to his cool heart, and lips of sugary roses would lay kisses repeatedly on his hair, and temples, and stained cheeks. ‘I’m here.’ he reassures him with honey to his voice, letting him know of things he had always known: if he ever wanted to share the aches of his profound wounds, he would listen. As many times as he needed, for as long as he wanted.
That’s how he finds himself at a beach house in a quaint little town somewhere on the coast. Sam and Eileen still very much asleep under the dawning sky. He looks up at it in silent reverence, enjoying the melting shades of pink and purple into orange and yellow, until he can see the first tip of the sun rising up in the horizon of blue waters and white foaming waves. The crashing sound lulling his insides, keeping at bay the worries of his everyday life.
he did. He remembers the surprise, shock even, on his brother’s face. As if Dean thinking about taking a break, about pressing pause to their busy lives, were outrageous. Unthinkable. Well, if he were being frank for many,
. He looks at him and all he sees, really, is love. And he wants to kiss him stupid.
He keeps reading, once again being consumed by the concept of reality versus fiction. He adores it. He worships it. And he thinks to himself about how truthful the words imprinted on pages had always seemed to him. And how they had always soothed the suffering that tears apart his own being – softening the blow of a poor reality he would much rather ignore. He still does. Even though, he thinks, he finds himself grown and more mature, some harrowing mistakes and traumas from the past would always feel a little too raw for him to give them the attention they needed, so he could heal the wounds caused by those savage hands. He wouldn’t. He couldn’t.
So, when Sam’s suggestion comes and Dean acquiesces without much of a thought, the astonishment in his eyes is genuine. Dean understands, of course, yet it had bothered him a little. It had bothered him because he
‘Because, sweetheart, the messes we are fit together like puzzle pieces.’ he murmurs in confidence, nosing at Castiel’s dark tousled hair. ‘No one is free of scars, you know that. I happen to like you not
Castiel can’t say he minds it, though. He enjoys the quiet days like this one. Days in which he perches himself up on their divan, with a cup of strong, hot coffee laying on top of the side table – the daffodils balancing their – yes,
. ‘You’re not alone.’
‘I love you.’
They would figure it out later.
He, Dean,
life, had they? Not fully. Not truly.
Elizabethan sonnets that he forgot the existence of a real world outside of those rhythms and rhymes. He supposes it’s his own fault, really, for not setting an alarm to warn him it was time for him to stop. He had other needs, didn’t he? Hunger being the one need that woke him up from his stupor. How could he have forgotten to placate the painful jabs at his stomach? Well, had it really been the first time? He knew well enough it hadn’t. And it wouldn’t, certainly, be the last.
. Sam wasn’t judging his haste decision, his immediate acceptance, he was
The time being the middle of the afternoon makes him feel enough laziness that he ends up convincing himself a full meal won’t be necessary. He
