Cas smiled at that. As if he would forget him, those lips, that spark in his eyes when he looked at Cas, that laugh that sounded so carefree in a way Cas wished he could be himself. He only paused for a moment before he tapped on the number to add it to his contacts. Spinning in the chair idly, he typed out a reply.
What an idiot Cas was, thinking he’d gotten his husband back just because Dean hadn’t pushed him away when they’d woken up twined together. That wasn’t his husband, that was just good old fashioned horny Dean. Always ready and willing to have a quick roll in the hay if he had an enthusiastic partner, and Cas had been enthusiastic, not Dean’s fault he’d thought it meant something else. Well, somewhat Dean’s fault for not saying anything, because of course if you sleep with someone who’s told you they’re your husband, that person is going to think it means something. But Dean probably hadn’t considered that, given he hadn’t been thinking with his upstairs brain.
“I couldn’t say it, Cas. You told me that the Empty would come for you if you experienced a moment of true happiness. I didn’t want to make you happy. I didn’t want to tell you I loved you when it might end you. I thought maybe if I didn’t say it, the Empty wouldn’t take you. But you were happy anyway, just telling me you loved me and expecting nothing in return," Dean said, tears running down his face. "But I do love you. I love you so much.”
“You’re so beautiful, Dean, and your body always feels so good. I love—ungh—I love fucking you. Jesus!” Cas’s words were getting more and more breathless.
The angel was sitting in the exact same place on the loveseat. They stared at each other for a bit, Cas mournfully and Dean just at a loss for what else to do.
“A couple of hours?” he said, looking a little put out. Cas the contradiction. Normally, had the patience to sit or stand still for hours. Who knew, maybe he’d even stood still for years when he’d been an angel stationed on earth watching over humanity. Dean wouldn’t put it past him. But sometimes he was like a little kid on a road trip, getting all cranky about being stuck in the car. Dean didn’t think they had any place better to be than in Baby listening to Zep, but he understood that regular human travel might seem slow to an angel who could teleport anywhere in an instant.
Dean jolted awake, head throbbing but mind clear. He looked around him, assessing the situation, ready to fight if need be. He was in a cabin, not the bunker or a motel. At first glance, it was a small, rather masculine space, all wood and functionality, but on closer inspection there were a few froufrou little touches here and there. It had those little frilly curtains for one thing, and a cosy knitted blanket on the back of the love seat- the green colour of the wool clashed rather badly with the orange-based plaid of the couch. On the rickety little Formica table in the kitchenette, there was a small vase with a big daisy in it. It all seemed rather homey in a slightly haphazard kind of way.
Savage slashes of black paint were scrawled over what, at first glance, looked like a beige background. On closer inspection, the background was covered in soft washes of of pale blue, pink and orange, with seemingly random patterns of pixels dotted throughout the canvas.
“He was anatomically correct too.” Cas’s eyes flicked briefly to Dean’s crotch. “I feel that gives him one up on Ken.”
“Some of my work gets pretty dark, but this might be the darkest thing I’ve ever drawn. It was one of my earlier tattoos, during a time when I was thinking a lot about life and death. If I was the kind of artist that they had in museums, it would be called my Morbid-as-Fuck period.”
It was the oldest reason in the book, getting a tattoo because he knew it would piss off his father. Tattoos were one of the many, many, many things forbidden in the Bible, so, naturally, his father disapproved of them. Not that his father always followed the rules that he claimed to uphold. But he was very against a man lying with another man. And he hated tattoos.
“Different kind of wildcat, sweetheart,” Dean said, flashing him a grin. “They’re a baseball team. We’ll be at the stadium in a couple of hours.”
“That’s quite alright. It was entirely our fault for just standing here. I apologise,” Cas said politely.
?” Dean glanced down at the guy’s crotch meaningfully, as if to say ‘I could feel what you wanted with me, you perv’.
“You are so beautiful,” he told Cas, cupping one cheek with his hand and leaning in to kiss the other.
Maybe he was driving Cas to distraction after all. Dean was momentarily disappointed not to be touching Cas too, but as soon as his fingers brushed against him through his boxer shorts, he found he was happy to lie back and let Cas have his way with him. Cas finished undressing him and then sat next to him fully clothed on the bed as he stared down at Dean’s naked body for a long time, taking it all in. An entirely unintentional little thrust of Dean’s hips drew Cas’s attention to his neglected cock. He was already panting and so desperate for any touch that he was pressing up into the empty air hoping for Cas’s hand to come down and meet him halfway. Cas reached down hesitantly and placed his hand flat on top of Dean’s cock, still for a moment as Dean thrust up against his palm. Just the slight pressure of his hand felt so good, even motionless as it was. Then he started moving and his light, cautious touches completely undid Dean. Somehow, a tentative handjob from Cas felt like a fucking revelation.
Cas joined him in the shouting, probably also aware that it was useless. He had one arm wrapped around Dean’s shoulder to support him on his bad leg. They were holding onto each other, more importantly. Holding on as if it was the only humanity they had left.
Dean eventually arrived at the docks, which were bustling with natives and tourists alike, and began the search for a helicopter. He pushed his way through the sweaty crowd, all gathered around food stands and trinket tables. Sure, the weather was still a bit foggy, but that wasn’t going to stop paying tourists from getting the entire Bahamas experience.
Dean walked over and placed his gun down on the wooden dresser. He had a feeling he was going to be there for a while.
“Are you going to come in or just stand there like some creepy statue?” Dean’s eyes didn’t even leave his computer screen.
“I’m sorry,” Cas kept his head low, refusing to meet Dean’s eyes through the fire. He fiddled with his dirt-caked hands in his lap. “I’m sorry,” He repeated.
About halfway into their flight, Dean could hear Cas muttering into the headset, making comments about things Dean didn’t understand.
“Ah,” Dean nodded his head. He had his fair share of bad dreams; it was just part of the business. If there was a hunter out there who had never once gotten a nightmare Dean would pay a hundred bucks just to meet ‘em. With the kind of shit they saw on a day-to-day basis nightmares were practically guaranteed.
“You’ve got nothing to worry about,” Castiel smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “I’m a great pilot.”
Cas continued as if he hadn’t heard anything Dean had just said. “You were right, you know. I should have known better. I knew the risks that the storm would bring, I thought it was worth it. I thought I calculated everything right, I thought we could avoid the worst of it.”
He didn’t hear anything at first, nothing besides the lapping ocean waves or the rustling of the trees in the breeze. Just as he was going to respond, he heard it. It was so faint at first that Dean could have easily mistaken it for something else at first, or maybe just not even heard it at all.
“Many commercial jumbo jets have crashed as a result of microbursts. We’re just lucky there was an island out here.”
He hadn’t gone very far when he found a small hole in the hillside. It was just wide enough for a person to get through, but when Dean peaked his head in he could see it opened into a large cave. He could hear water trickling down the rocks inside the cave and he realized that it would be the perfect spot to take shelter from the rain. It would be a tight fit for both of them, but it would have to do.
“Nothing to worry about. I just thought I had timed this right so we could avoid this storm,” Cas murmured. “We should be able to go around it and stay out of the real heavy parts, but I’d recommend putting your seatbelt on just in case things get a bit bumpy.”
Cas laid down his newspaper and smiled at Dean, who was taking a seat on the edge of the bed. Dean smiled back and placed his hands nervously on his knees. Dean was the one to ask what he was sure they were both thinking.
Dean tensed up and swallowed the little saliva he had in his mouth. “Cas, I… I wish you were around more often.”
“I managed to get the coconuts open,” Cas said, standing next to Dean. He had rolled up his pants as well as stripped himself of his suit jacket and tie. He was left in nothing but his black pants and white shirt, which seemed almost translucent in the bright sun.
Taking another glance back at Cas, Dean waved goodbye and began to walk into the jungle. It was hard to navigate and Dean was constantly getting the toe of his shoe caught between roots. He could see that the island sloped upward and even formed a bit of a mountain on the opposite side from where they had set up camp. Dean figured that it was best to head in that direction in search of shelter.
Jo greeted him with a simple hello before tossing down her pen in defeat and looking back up at Dean. “Flights are grounded for a reason. No one in their right mind would go flying in this weather.”
“Cas?” Dean called out, hoping to hear something in return. They had mutually agreed that if one of them had to take a leak that they had to do so within shouting distance in case something happened. If Cas was within shouting distance, then why wasn’t he responding?
There was a deafening sound and soon red and orange flames consumed the helicopter, sending thick clouds of black smoke into the dark sky above them. They turned tail and left, backing away from the helicopter as far as they could before another section of it decided to blow up.
Dean approached their basecamp and saw Cas crouched over the pile of wood, attempting to start a fire with the stick in between his hands.
“I don’t know if I want to go back to my normal life,” Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper. He did want to go back to his normal life but what he was trying to say is that he didn’t want to go back to before he knew Cas. He wasn’t ready to give that up. Not just yet.
Dean saw a large plant with folded leaves, the leaves acting as cups that held the recent rainwater. It must have rained here recently, too. He dipped the end of his shirt into the water before envisioning Cas’s scenario in his head. He could picture it- the water shooting out from the faucet tap and bouncing off the plates stacked in the sink. It made him think of home.
Cas didn’t say a word. He looked at Dean with a sort of longing in his eyes and the faintest hint of a smile on his lips.
It had been two hours since the bunker lost power. There was a raging snowstorm outside, complete with howling winds and fog so thick you couldn’t see through it, which was no undoubtedly the cause of the sudden power outage. Living in a fancy bunker had its perks, one of which was a fully equipped back up generator.
Dean felt like he had run out of small talk topics, so he tried to busy himself on his phone again. Not that there was much you could do at 20,000 feet, but any distraction is good enough for him. At some point, Dean had completely tuned out the thudding of the blades keeping the helicopter aloft. He didn’t think it was possible, but without Castiel’s banter, the cabin felt quiet. Dean asked a few questions here and there, but for the most part, he kept his head buried.
Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t regret everything that just came tumbling out of his mouth. He felt like he had said too much, too quickly. Deep down he knew that he could ramble on about Castiel for days, but his admiration wasn’t exactly something he wanted out in the open. Well, Dean knew it was more than admiration. Hopefully, Cas didn’t.
Dean forced open his eyes and saw Cas sitting next to him with a panicked expression on his face. He propped himself up on his elbow and stifled a yawn.
It wasn’t until the breeze picked up and the watch on Dean’s wrist told him night was just around the corner did he finally talk to Cas again. As he came roaming into camp, his shoulder clipped with the pilot’s and Dean realized he couldn’t take it anymore.
Cas pulled his hand away, now sticky with red, to reveal a large crack on the side of his temple. Thick blood oozed down the side of his face and Cas’s head bobbed up and down. His mouth hung open and his eyes fluttered. Before Dean could even get out an “Oh shit”, Cas’s knees buckled and his body collapsed into the sand.
“Cas, wait,” Dean instructed when Cas continued down towards the beach. “What the hell is going on with you, man?”
The ride itself wasn’t very memorable. Just bits and pieces, everyone moving so quickly and carefully. Dean sat close to Cas as they both of them were being handed water after water. The people on the helicopter must have mentioned where they were going, but Dean was too distracted to remember what they said.
“He said the earliest he can take off will be in about two hours.” She sounded rather defeated, as if she had lost a bet. “There’s a landing pad down by the docks, he said you can meet ‘em there and talk finance.”
“Mr. Winchester,” She smiled warmly, placing a hand on Dean’s arm while her other hand held onto a clipboard. “What are you doing up?”
Dean stared at the ceiling and could feel Cas’s eyes on him, but he didn’t say anything. Some things were just better left unsaid.
The taste of food on his tongue somehow made him even hungrier. Dean knew that food and water were going to become an issue very quickly, and he knew Cas knew it too, but for now, he chose not to mention it. Some things just were just better left unsaid. Just like how Dean wasn’t going to mention how Cas kept zoning out or how his head kept tilting to the side. He wasn’t going to mention how Cas kept whispering things to himself, things that didn’t make sense. Castiel wasn’t okay, to put it lightly. He should be in a hospital somewhere.
“Cas- c’mon, man. I only said that shit because I was frustrated. Of course, this mess isn’t your fault. It’s just a sucky situation and- it’s not your fault,” He needed someone to blame it on. Dean was angry and frustrated and he needed to blame someone for it because it was easier than accepting reality. Unfortunately Cas was the only other person around, so the blame went to him.
“‘m fine,” Cas grumbled, barely loud enough for Dean to hear. His head was hanging low, with his chin digging into his chest.
“Hmm?” Dean hummed, closing his eyes and focusing on savoring the taste Cas had left behind on his lips.
He slipped his phone into his pocket and walked down the steps at the front of the resort, briskly making his way down the road. He was going to miss a lot of things about Great Abaco. The bright sun, the clear water and the salty breeze that accompanied it. The warm sand that stayed stuck between his toes no matter how many times he washed his feet. Soon enough he was going to be crammed into a shitty helicopter and sent on his way back home to the dreary city of Lebanon, Kansas.
“Are you sure everything is okay?” Dean spoke slow, dissecting each word and letting it hang in the air.
Cas tried to focus on Dean's energy and for just a second, just barely a second, there was another emotion mixed in with the starvation. Loneliness. “You’re touch starved,” Castiel said when it finally dawned on him.
Dean and Cas leaned against a tree, shoulders pressed together, as they watched the fire dance in front of them. They didn’t talk, but instead of the nail biting awkwardness that usually followed silence, Dean found comfort in the quiet.
“Damnit, Cas,” Dean murmured. He picked his bag up from behind one of the trees and flipped it open, digging around for his lighter. He pulled it out and held it in his hand for just a moment before holding it to Cas. “Take the lighter.”
“We’re going home!” Cas cheered as he threw his arms around Dean’s neck, yanking him into an embrace.
“I will find a way,” Cas muttured, “I’m the damn pilot. I’ll find us a way off this island. I said I would get you home and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
“I think it was a microburst,” Cas grunted. He pushed himself up against the trunk of a tree and let out a sigh. “They’re impossible to predict. You can’t figure what’s going until it’s too late.”
Castiel's newly human heart breaks. "Okay," he says, tears sting his eyes. He'll pack, he'll leave, he won't put the man he loves through this.
Dean thought back on the past year, how he was so sure the email exchange was going to be a waste of time. He had no idea how he'd gotten so lucky. He tightened his arms around Cas and hoped this would be the first of many holidays that they would spend together.
Speaking of barriers. “Cas,” he panted, and the angel in question trailed a line of kisses down his neck, “clothes.”
“Cas, what the hell?” He looked at Cas, ready to chew him out for being so reckless and using energy he couldn’t afford to spare, only to realize that he was unconscious again. “Alright, yeah great timing. You just rest, Big Bird.” And he stood to haul his naked best friend onto his bed.
Unable to sustain his battle against the darkness edging in around him, Castiel followed the thought into unconsciousness.
“Mr. Dean, how do you spell pecan pie?” one of his students asked, using a red crayon to scribble out “peekan”.
Dean recognized her from the lockscreen on Sam’s phone. He pulled over to the curb and barely had a chance to put his baby in park before Sam leapt out of the car.
“Of course. But your instructions were very thorough, I don’t think I have anything to worry about.”
In the next breath they were no longer in the small forest clearing-- they were in Dean’s bedroom at the bunker. Cas’ wing twitched out and knocked over his end table.
Sam went camping with Eileen, Donna retreated to a spa for a long weekend, and Cas’ emails didn’t stop.
"What you said," he starts, "before. When... well, you know." He reaches out to touch Cas' shoulder, then slides his hand up until his fingers brush the hair at the base of his neck. Cas' eyes close when he gently brings their foreheads together. "You've already got me, you have for a long time."
A yawn caught him off guard and he lifted a hand to muffle the sound, then glanced at his watch and was surprised to find that it was almost three o’clock in the morning. A perfect opportunity for some coffee.
He twisted the cap off another beer and directed his gaze upward as the first fireworks lit the sky. It may have been one beer too many, because Dean found his thoughts drifting to Cas again for the first time in… well, hours. It made no sense how much he missed him. They’d never even met- not really.
Dean rolled his eyes and brought his brother’s bags out to the Impala. By the time he closed the trunk Sam was sliding into the passenger seat. Dean joined him behind the wheel with a heavy heart. The two weeks Sam spent with him over his winter break had flown by, and he wasn’t coming home for spring break because he had planned a trip with his girlfriend Eileen. This was the last they would see of each other until summer. Dean supposed he should be happy Sam hadn’t decided to partake in any of the study abroad opportunities.
Dean yells himself hoarse, he tears the fake bunker apart, he hopes he’s giving Michael one hell of a migraine.
Dean tried not to make a big deal out of it. He deliberately tried not to read into why Cas had stopped emailing him, without much success.
Dean sat on a folding chair a little ways away from his group as the sky turned black. Sam and Eileen were cozied up on a blanket near the fire escape, not far from where Donna was entertaining middle school P. E. teacher Jody Mills’ daughter, Alex. Dean watched with amusement as the toddler took a few stumbling steps before Donna lifted her into a spin.
Dean fully intended to fill out that feedback form. He could only hope that it would be anonymous so he could really give them a piece of his mind. As if teachers weren’t busy enough doing their actual jobs.
Tomorrow was the first Friday in December, he realized. Of course the town was gearing up for the tree lighting ceremony. Donna always dragged him out to the square to watch the festivities even though Dean argued they could see the lights just fine from the comfort of his living room.
Some of the tension melts out of Cas' posture, but Dean can tell it's not enough. He pushes past his fear. He has stared down lowly demons and all powerful gods, he has no reason to be afraid of Cas.
Dean drove Sam to the airport a week before his classes started. He snapped a photo of the terminal he’d just watched Sam walk through and sent it to Cas.
"I love you, too," Dean says, and his touch turns to a caress. His hand sweeps up Castiel's arm to hold his face. "You gotta know that."
Dean skimmed the email as it went on to refer to their school district’s strategic plan and how they wanted to initiate more change and collaboration in the future. The end of the email included a link to the survey where he could give his feedback on the experience. There was a note of finality to the whole message that grated on Dean’s nerves.
Then Charlie looked past him to the door and he heard the bell jingle. Expecting to see Benny had returned, Dean looked over his shoulder.
“I don’t know how we’re going to get you home like this, man,” Dean said. Home would be safe, without the moon shining on his inky black wings and his bare skin that made Dean think of the bright grace that had filled the forest when Cas’ true form had shifted in and out of view. Home, where there were clothes and walls and distance and not Cas’ warm body and soft electric feathers that filled Dean’s senses and made it so hard for him to ignore what he wanted.
Eventually, Dean got them to focus on their turkeys again. There were only twenty minutes left in the day and he wanted his kids to bring them home completed.
He heard Cas yawn and imagined him cozy on that gray couch he’d glimpsed during their video call. Maybe he was wrapped in a blanket, or in a soft sweater like Dean was.
When Dean opened his mouth to respond, that was naturally the moment his phone began to ring. As he dug it out of his pocket, Castiel closed his eyes again not at all surprised at the timing.
Dean looked at the email again, feeling skeptical. Why admin thought it would be a good idea to “foster a sense of unity” by putting teachers in contact with someone from the other schools in the district was beyond him. Dean was on good terms with many of the teachers at his elementary school; he and Donna were practically inseparable and had been since college, and hell he’d go so far as to call Garth a friend even if they rarely saw each other outside of work. But why should he have to play nice with anyone from the middle or high school? It wasn’t like their paths would ever cross professionally.
“Dean, I’m not going to apologize for pushing you out of the way of that spell. You would be dead. I could take it, I’m fine.”
“Cas!” Dean took half a step back and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. His surprisingly clothed shoulder. “Are you-? They got the witch.” He grabbed Cas’ face, turned his head from side to side, and ignored the way Cas rolled his eyes.
Cas interrupted him mid-monologue with an elbow to the gut. It was all the distraction Dean needed to end the shifter with a bullet between the eyes.
“Yeah, c'mon, I- wait, twelve years? You mean…” He stared at Cas with wide eyes, before suddenly capturing his mouth in a fierce kiss.
Dean had what he wanted; he had Cas back. They lay collapsed on the dungeon floor, heaving for breath after the narrow escape from the Empty.
Sam hugs him, and Castiel’s broken heart takes that small comfort and fools him into believing there’s hope.
A completely drenched man came through the door and battled the wind and the rain to close it behind him. His dark hair was plastered against his forehead, and he was dripping all over the place.
Sure, not exchanging emails with Cas for the past month was an adjustment, but he’d get over it. Eventually. He hoped.
Cas continued to text him observations and predictions for the next hour, seemingly unaware of the havoc he had wrought on Dean’s mind with their first video call.
“Get the fuck out,” Dean says, and he slices his hand open with Michael’s blade and draws his banishment in blood.
"Stop apologizing, Cas, I'm the one who should be sorry." Dean takes in a deep, shuddering breath. "It's just... It's been a lot to take in, you know? And then, when I thought you were gone again, for good, I couldn't..." He reaches out to touch Castiel's arm like he's reassuring himself that he's real.
Dean was in the kitchen, stirring the chili that simmered on the stove, when he saw some commotion in the town square from his window.
playing on one of the stations. "I was thinkin' next year, maybe we could visit Sammy at Stanford. Make a road trip out of it," Dean said, and only realized after the words left his mouth that they implied he expected they would still be together next year.
Dean deepened the kiss, allowing himself to take everything Cas was willing to give. When they finally parted, it was reluctantly, each of them kissing whatever part of the other they could reach in between gasping breaths.
Dean left to find a blanket and when he came back Cas was still dead to the world. He tucked the blanket around him as best he could without squashing his wings, and his eyes caught on the enochian sigils inked across his ribs. He mentally shook himself and tugged the blanket over the tattoo before he did something stupid, and then Dean noticed clumps of grass and dirt clinging to Cas’ wing tips. He reached out and gently brushed them clean which somehow turned into his hand sliding deeper into the feathers to feel that strange energy course through his skin.
After a minute of hesitation he attached the image to an email and sent it to Castiel with the caption: “The glorious life of a kindergarten teacher.”
Soon, he thought. He stole some of Donna's snack while she was busy looking at her phone in an attempt to distract himself. It didn't work.
Right now they still had some time to kill, so Dean pulled into a diner halfway to the airport and insisted on sharing one last meal.
Dean took a step back and considered the black fur and bright blue eyes as the wolf thrashed out of the tattered remains of his clothes. He shook his head.
Only when Dean’s hands paused and he heard him take a shuddering breath did he crack open one eye to look at Dean. “You don’t have to do that,” he rasped.
“You seem to know a lot about us.” Dean smirked. Avert one little apocalyspe, and people will gossip about it forever.
"Cas!" he yelled, and caught a flash of tan as he rounded a corner. Dean followed and then stopped dead in his tracks.
Dean grinned, already plotting the route in his mind. They would take his car, of course. He didn't trust that Cas' gold monstrosity could make the journey.
There was still an email from Cas in his inbox that he hadn’t had time to respond to that morning before class. He had intended to reply after class let out, but now he thought better of it.
Cas pressed a thigh between his and Dean cried out. He tugged desperately at Cas’ wings, pulling him in impossibly closer.
“C'mon, Cas, we’ll make popcorn, grab a couple beers. It’s gonna be great.” Dean walks past him and claps a hand on his shoulder. The touch lingers all the way down his arm until Dean’s fingers curl around his and pull, and Castiel follows.
Dean stood staring at the hooks in the hallway, pondering his coats. He did like to layer his clothing, but was layering a leather jacket over another leather jacket, even a sleeveless one, a bit absurd? It was cold outside though and Dean wasn't normally one to suffer for fashion.
“Yes, yes...” he murmured in approval when he felt Cas’s hands go to his fly. Cas was driving him wild and he was so, so ready for more. His own hands reached to undo Cas’s pants too and he was surprised when Cas batted them away. And a little concerned that Cas wasn’t craving Dean’s touch the way he was craving his, that Dean wasn’t making him just as crazy as he was.
She went over to the desk in the corner to sketch. Cas checked over the ink bottles on the table next to him as he got ready to start tattooing. Nobody said anything for a while until the music changed to a song by The Muslims.
Whatever they were doing, they were doing it exclusively. Dean thought that was a good sign. They’d had a talk about it shortly before Dean had flown out. Cas had casually said that he wasn’t sleeping with anyone else at the moment and suggested that they stop using condoms if Dean wanted to and they were both clean. Cas had shown him the results of his last STD panel from a month before they’d met, and Dean had shown him his own results. They were from several months earlier, but Dean hadn’t slept with anyone else in that time. He’d offered to get another test, though. ‘It’s okay, I trust you,’ Cas had said. That had to mean something, right?
So they sit together for a while, kissing gently but thoroughly, letting their wills rebuild some of the resolve they need to finish this conversation.
Castiel brought home a ghost. A sickly, pale and vacant memory of who Gabe had first known, it had been hard for him too see any of the man Gabe had met that night years ago.
“Dean,” Cas scolds gently, “sometimes you need this, you even want it. You have to know by now that I'd never deny what you need. Ever.”
Cas stays quiet and supportive, though this is hard he knows that Dean wants build back up his ability to engage with these types of emotional conversations, these moments he’d run from for so long. Happiness, still such new territory for him.
Cas sighs, losing patience for the weekly token protests, and grumbling. He knows eventually Dean will get on board, he just needs time to wake up fully.
“Yeah, thanks,” he’d settled some and was pliant enough for Cas to do a quick internal exam. He slipped his finger inside each passage and reassured himself that all was well before guiding Dean back up and into the shower stall.
Benny looked grim, "It's not an emergency. It's just that recently, Dean's been struggling to eat. Up until this morning, we were able to manage, just barely, by nutritionally enriching the plain foods and liquid shakes he could still consume. But now, he just can't bear the flavor or keep it down. He's begun refusing to eat. We inserted a nasogastric feeding tube, but even with it, he's unlikely to sustain his weight. Never mind that he hates it."
“For suggesting I do that exercise today with Gabe. For knowing that I was struggling but pushing me to overcome it. For believing in me enough that I’m learning to believe in myself, and others...well Gabe anyway. For being you.” Dean wasn’t fixed yet or even close, but he felt he was learning.
“Good. I think he’s getting married. He didn’t want to come out and say it yet. But they’ve been together for ages now. It’s probably time.” Both Sam and Jess were betas and if they wanted to conceive, they’d probably have to start trying soon. Unlike omegas, betas had a harder time falling pregnant, well normal Omegas anyway, for once Dean was glad he didn’t have to worry about that, even if it was still a sore spot he didn't like to think about too often.
“It is! You know I want this. I just..” Dean huffs, annoyed with himself, “It’s just hard to get going sometimes.” Cas kisses the back of his neck commiseratingly.
“Almost done now. Just got to check it’s positioned properly. Then we can get you fed,” He smiled encouragingly, like that was a reward or something. He got the PH testing kit out, aspirated and checked it, obviously satisfied.
It was with bitter humour at that irony, for first time he had laughed again. With a gallows humour he’d told Sam ‘
He can tell it was the right decision when he turns and Dean catches his eye, determined and fighting for it. His fingers are white where they hold onto the bed frame, he’s far from ready to be left alone but he’s coping, watching Cas with conviction.
They spent the next hour or so, going over the rest of what Sam knew of Dean’s background, which wasn’t all that much.  As Dean had mostly refused to speak about his past, the House had paid private investigators to dig up all the information they could find on him and assemble it into some kind of timeline of his past.
The room is warm enough, Cas always makes sure of it, but Dean can't help but shiver slightly in remembered cold. It’s like his body forgot the world around it and focused inward, on memories he’d rather forget, sending unwanted tremors outward, displaying his weakness to the whole world.
Charlie caught him looking around in amazement, “Yeah,” she smiled proudly, “we take care of our own in Caladh House. Dean’s rooms are that way. But the team offices are over here,” She said pointing down a short corridor with another set of double doors at the end.
“Come on!” he practically whines hating the sound of his won voice but wanting it too badly to care, “You can talk later. I’m waiting here!”
Then he grabbed me. Fist full of my hair, dragged me to the Impala and shoved me in the passenger seat. He was blind drunk and angry. Could barely get the key in the ignition but when I tried to get out, tried to talk him down, he slammed my head into the dash. By the time I figured out what was happening, we were driving on some middle of nowhere street.
“No wonder, you always did have a sweet tooth,” Sam smiles, seeing his brother taking such joy in something always feels new and somehow unexpected.
The memory of Dean pale and unconscious in the hospital haunts him still, the Heat having ravaged his body to the point that inducing a coma was better than finishing the heat. He remembers an awful day, months earlier than even that, Dean coming hard off the suppressants and Sam so desperately afraid. Having to make the agonizing decision to report them to the OSP (Omega Support Program).
“Yeah, they finally settled down a bit, eventually, spaced themselves out normally. Though you’re the last person I need to explain to how awful they still are for him, his body just never properly recovered from it all. With the infertility from suppressant toxicity and the way it still affects his hormone function and brain chemistry, they say he’s just never going to be...” Sam sighs, muttering under his breath something Cas can’t quite catch.
“Not really. We mostly just wanted to catch up with you both. I mentioned I had some news. Well, now is a good a time as any,” Sam casts a look over to Jess who returns it with a smile, “We’ve decided it’s time to start thinking about the long term and we both want to have children soon. So, we’re going to get married.”
But Cas wants more than enough. He wants to give Dean everything, all that they’ve been working towards for months.
Castiel takes a breath, thinks it over for a moment and realises, yet again, that now is not the time. He holds himself back from correcting Sam, but only just.
“I’m sorry.” he sounded a little broken himself, denying Dean this was just as hard on him, “If we start now, your body won’t be able to handle it. We have to put it off as long as possible.”
Cas does too. The irritability, the attitude bordering on outright disobedience. The emotional wreck that Dean became. He’d vowed not to tell that happen ever again and had added a supply of sleeping pills to his everyday kit just in case.
Dean can’t respond, not yet but nods, tucking his face into Jess’s neck, hiding himself from the emotional onslaught.
He retrieved two of the cans from the fridge and poured the first into a glass before handing it over. Cas guided Dean over to the sofa and pulled him down, bodies close. He took the glass from Dean’s shaking hand and held it up to his mouth for him, tipping it gently but insistently against his lips.
He pulled on a shirt but left his feet bare. Cas had insisted he not wear scrubs for this as he wanted to keep it as informal as possible. He felt a little weird without shoes but was willing to go with it.
’ of the Head of Caladh House publicly returned (under extremely mysterious circumstances), it was inevitable that people would talk and gossip. Knowing this, Gabriel had prudently recounted a sympathetic and heavily romanticised version of Dean’s story to a couple of known gossips. Delighted by the tale, talk and gossip they did, endlessly.
Last thing he said was too slurred to hear properly, but I’m pretty sure he wasn’t even talking to me. He was muttering ‘Mary’ over and over and ignoring me. I begged him to stop, begged him to slow down. But he wouldn’t.
“Of course. You’ve dealt with the process admirably, consistently gained back the weight you lost and above all that, I know how much you enjoy sharing food with your brother. I see no reason to deny you.”
“Jess,” Dean soon had her in his arms as well, although a lot more hesitantly. He really did like her and thought she was perfect for Sam, he just had a hard time showing her the affection he felt.
The truth was that Gabe had actually met him first, at one of the OSP’s fundraising events. Dean had agreed to auction off one of his works.....
Cas doesn’t comment, just curls around Dean tighter than usual, pressed his weight down onto him and grasped his wrist with a spare hand. Offering what little support he could.
Dean laughs, bitter but affectionate towards the fury in Castiel's voice. It breaks the moment, releasing the tension. Cas knows, if he could go back in time John wouldn’t last long enough to hurt Dean this way, but the past is done. And now he has this beautiful man here with him, dragging himself through hell to share his pain, willingly laying open his soul. Bearing the wounds up and trusting Castiel not to carve them deeper. He can barely comprehend the courage it must take, an act braver than any he himself has ever committed.
Castiel felt a pang of sympathy for Sam. Nothing in this situation was of his own making. He was a decent man who seemed to genuinely want to see his brother happy and healthy.
The problem with Dominants, Castiel learned, is that they always want to believe they’re in control.
He’d renovated his home clinic, where he occasionally saw private patients, stocked up his medical supplies, purchased the necessary equipment and less than a month later brought Dean home.
“Yeah, well I couldn’t keep up and it was worse than before. Everything came back. He could see I was different. He hated me even more. It was like he just came back to torment me.” He said the last with a brokenness Cas had never heard, an acceptance that almost shattered Cas’s resolve. That bastard of a father didn’t know what he had.
But he started in on Dean. He convinced himself that if Dean was tougher, wasn’t a weak Omega, hid who he was, that maybe he’d be better off. Be able to protect himself. He taught Dean to shoot, to fight, would go at him over the littlest things, like how he wore his clothes, brushed his hair, how he talked. Everything was too weak, to Omega. Even then I knew it was wrong but I didn’t know how to fix it.” the regret colouring his voice, the guilt. Sam, Castiel couldn’t help thinking, probably didn’t even realize how much it had hurt him too, watching your brother suffer and being powerless to stop it, and he truly thought he was the undamaged one. He wondered how Jess dealt with it. He should probably bring it up with her on the weekend, another painful conversation to have, he thought bitterly, so many dark places yet to explore.
Castiel's fingers are unrelenting in their movements, never giving Dean a chance to calm down, "We'll work on that,". With his other hand he turns Dean's face, running his fingers along his cheeks below the blindfold, "that's alright right isn't it darling? You can give me three more?"
Warnings: Suicide (John Winchester), psychological and physical abuse, drug usage,  General fuckedupedness that is John Winchester in this fic.
“Ok, lean over,” Cas drags the harness up over his head. This one isn’t nearly as restrictive, although much more functional. It’s very similar to a full-body rock climbing harness as it features a large belt around the waist with straps over the shoulder and around each thigh. It was designed for suspension and flexibility. Additional fittings could be added as needed. It came with simple wrist and ankle cuffs as well which Cas attached.
They refused to tell him anything more about Dean until he arrived on site, where they promised full transparency and access to all records and information. He was frustrated but understood that as well. They were going against hundreds of years of customs and explicit Society rules by even allowing him onto their lands, let alone allowing him to treat one of their own. The Societies had their own doctors and hospitals, some of the best facilities in the world were open only to society members, and it was unheard of for an outsider to be employed, even temporarily. The Societies looked after their own.
Gabe ran his hands through his hair and grimaced. He’d really rather not interrupt them while they were tied, but there was nothing for it though, he had to or risk worse
Filled with a new determination he flings himself into the task, meeting Cas thrust for thrust, movement for movement till the man is groaning and driving into him with an almost animal ferocity. His eyes shadowed with pleasure.
Castiel grimaces, he’s quite familiar with the failures of the foster care system. Many of his patients had told him similar stories of neglect. The result of chronic underfunding. “I’m glad to hear that you were able to resolve that concern quickly. Vaccinations are incredibly important.” Castiel offers, hoping to provide some measure of reassurance.
“Everyday you amaze me how strong you are.” Cas says, pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips, trying desperately to communicate, “Everyday I get to come home to the kindest and finest man I know, despite you father, despite everything.”
But then Sam stilled and fell quiet, refusing to meet Castiel’s eyes as he added, “and declared him ‘legally incompetent and irrational’.”
A CRP frame is a padded metal structure which is designed to partially encase the patient’s body and prevent most types of movement. Each frame was custom made for the individual to fit the exact contours of their body. Some patients called it a ‘cage’, but Castiel didn’t think that term quite fit as the frame itself was completely open on the front and only encased the back and sides of the patient. This was to allow the patient to breathe freely and for other necessary minor shifts in the body. It was the multitude of thick straps that actually held the patient into the frame, rather than the frame itself that restricted them. Each individual part of the body was gently but firmly restrained into the frame, right down to the individual limbs, fingers, toes, etc. The head had slightly more movement, where due to the lack of metal under the chin the head could be nodded slightly, but that could be remedied, if desired, by the addition of a chin strap. The whole frame was mounted on a device which could be lowered almost to the floor or raised to waist height. It could also be rotated into several different angles and even completely upright into a standing position, should that be required, but mostly it left to make slight shifts automatically to prevent the development of pressure points. It was often paired with a weighted blanket and sensory limitation devices such as blindfolds and earplugs.
They shower and get ready slowly, for now putting off the inevitable conversation. But it can't last and Castiel isn't about to have Dean obsess and fret over it all day till he breaks. It’s time.
The morning at work ran smoothly enough, the only sore spot being the obviously pitying looks his students gave him as they spotted the NG tube. He tried his best to ignore them and luckily none of them were rude enough to comment. It was common enough (although not universal by any means) to see an Omega wearing a visible reminder of their Alpha, such as neck or wristbands, some even chose to wear cuffs or GPS devices, in fact it was encouraged as it helped many of them them feel grounded and cared for.
Sam steps back and takes a good look at his brother. His eyes linger on the tube for a moment too long, causing Dean to drop his head slightly in embarrassment but he doesn’t comment. Instead he turns to Cas and holds out his hand in greeting.
Sam picked up his phone and had a short conversation with someone on the other end. Barely a minute later, there was a knock at the door and fiery-haired woman entered.
Then Gabe gently pushed him forward till he lay resting encircled in Castiel’s arms. His knees were still bent forward underneath him, exposing his passages. Gabe breathed out relieved to see nothing more than warm pink skin, slightly swollen but otherwise healthy. Gently he slid in the dildo, working the pump slowly to inflate the knot. Dean moaned low and needy, but Cas shushed him. The knot would hold off the next wave of need, at least for a few hours.
And he knew, really knew, right down to his bones that Cas was good for him, good to him, that he needed him in some essential, necessary way. Even if that scared him a little, at this point he couldn't imagine life without him.
Cas’s breath catches in horror. That is the absolute last drug Dean should ever be prescribed, with his history and medical needs it might have killed him. He can’t help the groan of disgust that escapes his lips, he’d known Dean had had unprotected sex, actually guessed he’d probably spent a heat outside the centre. But for anyone to give him Verindox was not only illegal but immoral.
The response was immediate as well as the groan of obvious pleasure passing Dean's lips. Castiel checked carefully, the liquid's was a very pale yellow, perfectly hydrated, just as he should be.
"Soon, he's holding it together, but it won't be for long," Cas's warm, breath brushing past Dean's ear as he spoke.
The only piece of equipment that was new to Gabe was actually the most important. It took up most of the middle of the room, was designed to Cas’s exacting standards, and like most of Cas’s equipment, custom made.
he tried to communicate even when words didn’t come because he truly was. For the first time  that he can remember he is okay, with Cas he has the Alpha/Omega bond between them but this time, all he has is trust. Trust that Gabe is going to be professional, isn’t going to take this any further than Dean wants it to go, that right now Dean is the one in control.
“That’s fine,” Sam assured Charlie, “Dad told me they’d had a rough morning, I assumed we would need to raincheck it. I was hoping to visit with Dean later today though, did he say if they would be allowing visitors this evening?”
“Hey Cas!” he yelled over the screech of welding equipment and power tools. He dropped the drill, happy for the break.
“Uhh!” He hears the animal like sound thrust out of him before the rest of it even hits. It feels like every muscle in his body has gone tense, gripping against the overwhelming rush of it. Better than before, not like a heat, better, purer. He can feel his release push out between the fingers holding the head of his cock, the inner muscles of his body working themselves against Cas’s fingers as they push back in against them, each time another and another slamming wave of pleasure.
“Some man was talking to him. You should have seen him, it was like he saw a ghost. I’ve never seen him so pale.”
Soon he’d have to rouse him, get him cleaned off and ready for bed. But not yet, not in this quiet moment.
On one side of the bedroom door, there was a hand basin and shelf with hand towels, which Benny walked over to and began scrubbing his hands. There was a window between the living area and the bedroom, large enough that both Benny and he could stand side-by-side looking inside.
He felt Dean purposefully matching his breathing, a technique taught by the OSP to calm himself. And he could feel him just as purposefully loosening his muscles.It worked, for a time, over and over, he’d wake and sleep and wake again.
“We can finish now if you want,” Dean suggests, wanting to get it done with now that the worst is over.
“Well ok then! Let’s do this thing.” The earnestness in his voice settling Dean’s nerves more than any drug could ever hope to.
Cas leaves for a moment, rummaging around in a storage cupboard at the back of the room. Dean tries to see what he’s doing but the forehead strap holds him in place securely. All he can hear is boxes being opened and searched through.
“Hmmm....” Cas pretends to think it over but he’d already known this would be coming, Dean always had a problem showing any weakness to Sam, “I tell you what. You pass the physical tomorrow morning, a weigh-in on Sunday and if it all looks good, you can have it out then.”
“Thank you Charlie. Thank you for being there for him.” he sounds so genuine, suddenly so upset about it all. Dean can’t hear Charlie’s reply or even if she gave one, but he can hear the steps she takes closer to Castel, the gentle brush of their clothes as she pulls him into a hug.
Benny thought quietly for a moment, “No, I think it's the leash. He's scared of being tied to someone else and having to trust them to look after him. I think he's had some bad experiences in the past when he's had to trust others and rely on them not to take advantage. I worry he's not been treated very well."
Benny, was a larger man with friendly, intelligent features. He lifted his head and his expression spoke of an obvious friendly familiarity with her. He’d been reading something on his tablet, but as she entered, he smiled at her momentarily and walked over.
Dean was out of the bath by the time they arrived at the house. His skin still pink from the water, hair still wet, and he looked jittery, like electricity was pulsing under his skin. Gabe supposed that in a way it was.
Three days later, Caladh House had sent their private jet to retrieve him. Three days was all the time they gave him to pack up his life, say goodbye to his family and friends. Three days have his lawyer go over the employment contract and sign the NDA. It wasn’t enough time, but at least now he knew why they were so desperate. He understood.  For a Pure Submissive in distress, even that much time without treatment was likely agonising. They’d assured him that Dean wasn’t in immediate danger of crashing. He wasn’t stable either, but at least he hadn’t progressed into the acute stages yet. Castiel could take his three days.
“Soon.” He promised, consciousness slipping away again to the feel of Cas’s strong arms around him, keeping the world away for a little while longer.
“Dean! Dean, breathe for me. Calm down, I'm right here.” Cas guided a little brokenly, while Gabe wrestled back control control of the struggling man.
He hadn’t needed to use it for such a long time, he’d almost forgotten its usefulness in situations like this. It looked like any other decorative but sturdy chair, positioned between the bookcase and the window, perfect for reading in the afternoon light. He’d actually bought it second hand from an antique dealer and had it customised subtly with hidden catches for straps and restraints.  It was made from hardwood throughout but comfortably cushioned on the seat, back and each armrest. It had an unusually high back that allowed for additional immobilization of the head and neck if necessary.
“I’m not mad. We weren’t together then and you were trying to connect with your father, it’s understandable.”
“Yeah, you probably don’t want the reminder. Sorry! I just, I just wanted you to know I’m glad you’re doing good, not doing that to yourself anymore.” he does sound sincere, not that it helps much. “What went down with you convinced me not to go back, It wasn't right... it was….yeah” he realizes he should really stop talking now. Clumsily halting but obviously wanting to say more, unsure what to do now, but not wanting to leave it be.
This thing was, like most closed societies, the Harbour could be a very small place and when the famously ‘
Dean led the way, settling better this time into the familiar process of the feeding. Castiel didn’t even have to prompt him as he prepared the bag and connected up the tubing. Dean had other things on his mind, he wanted to show Castiel the new sketches he’s drawn and the final mockups of the fountain’s base.
“No one blamed Dad for killing the guy. He was just protecting his family. But with Mary gone and the blood practically still wet on his hands, he packed us up and fled. My earliest memories are sleeping in the car with Dean, curled up in the backseat as we moved from town to town, Dad getting what little work he could till the alcohol and his vicious nature cost him the job, over and over.
“I’m not sure ‘raised’ is a good term for that happened to him. Dean refuses to talk about his past, so what we have is from our own research. We know they went by many different aliases and moved around constantly. We think she fell in with some shady people and possibly resorted to prostitution, lots vulnerable submissives get manipulated and abused when they are as isolated as she was. We know that she died just after Dean’s tenth birthday and that the death certificate lists it is an overdose. I’m pretty sure not even Dean knew her real surname, so when she died, his true identity got lost. The social worker chose ‘Smith’ as his surname and joked that at least it was better than ‘Doe’.” Castiel grimaced, she wasn’t wrong, but it was a pretty ruthless way to name a kid.
“Yeah.” Sam actually laughs, obviously recalling the day in question, “He was pretty unimpressed with that. Said he felt like a pin cushion. But we haven’t been able to get any of his dental work done yet. Dr Palmer, our on-site dentist, did a quick examination a couple of days after he arrived, but he responded really, really badly and refused to go back. After that, with everything else that’s gone on with him, it just never seemed worth the inevitable fight. I’d really appreciate it if you could add that to your list though, I know our dentist has been very concerned about it.”
“You’re not. And you never were! You raised a kind and confident brother in Sam, you kept yourself together through years and years of his abuse and you came out the other side still the brilliant man I love. Don’t you ever call yourself weak!” Cas’s voice a study in harnessed rage.
He cleared his throat. “So, go ahead and drain some of the water out of that sauce and give it a taste.”
“It’s not a coincidence that you stumbled into a werewolf’s diner, is it?” Dean asked when he set their finished omelettes on the counter.
The accompanying image showed one little white firework and a handful of red streaks crossing behind it.
"Whoa, hey," he says and Cas reaches out to steady himself against Dean's arm. He quickly pulls back and Dean hesitates before moving past him.
“We’ll close up an hour early tonight,” Dean said to him, and Charlie gave him a thumbs up from the counter. “No one’s going out in this weather, and you should get home before the streets start to flood.”
He wants to protect Sammy, he wants to see his mother’s smile, he wants to drive the Impala far too fast down an abandoned road. And he wants Cas.
He spends the first few days wandering around the bunker, trailing his fingers over the things he saw Dean touch last. The mug he’d used for coffee, the chair he’d sat in for supper, the neon sign he’d put on the wall of his rec room.
Cas grinned and it knocked the breath out of Dean to see it. To see Cas, real and in front of him and without any screens between them.
Two weeks passed. Eventually Donna cornered him in the teacher’s lounge and demanded that he come to her place for drinks and tv, and more importantly to tell her why he’d been walking around with a stick up his butt.
"Cas, where’d you go?" Dean skidded to a halt outside of the counselor's office. There was no sign of either of them. "Listen, it wasn't-"
He passes a book to Cas and they fall into an uncomfortable silence. Or at least it's uncomfortable on Dean's part. Cas has been nothing but calm and collected since Dean ripped a hole through the Empty and dragged him out. Every day he wishes Dean a good morning and a good night, and he eats the meals that Dean makes and always says thank you, and it's driving Dean up the wall every time they talk and neither of them
Oh, right. Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, suddenly feeling self-conscious. “So… I got time to walk you through the tire change if you’re ready?”
There was a good turn out for the Fourth of July that year. The weather was perfect for grilling burgers and enjoying an ice cold beer or four.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, Cas. All of it.” He tried to keep his voice light when he said, “I’m not going anywhere.”
He grinned at one of his cards that read: “Happy Valtine Day Mr. Dean!!” There was a drawing of a cheeseburger and a big heart around it, and the whole thing was drenched in glitter glue. Always happy for the opportunity to show off how cool his kids were, he took a photo of it and attached that to his response to Castiel.
“It’s late. If you’re tired you can sleep here,” he says, like a coward. They both know Cas’ room is just down the hall, and that he’s been making that walk twice a night for the past month. Dean leans in to press a line of kisses up his neck, gratified when Cas tilts his head to make space for him. Eyes closed in the darkness like he’s hiding from the words, he murmurs “Stay?” into Cas’ ear.
The next few weeks passed quickly and hardly a day went by that Dean and Cas didn’t exchange emails.
He had Cas back, but maybe… that wasn’t all he wanted. He’d been silent for too long, had let Cas go without telling him, without saying-
She tapped at the screen for a minute and then said, “Hm, no photo. He teaches World History at the high school. There’s not a lot on his profile… I wonder if he’s new.”
“My pack was not so… lenient. And yesterday I found myself in need of a new arrangement.” He pulled the photo from his wallet. “My cousin, Jimmy, died.”
I’ve gone to visit the coast, he wants to say, it’s beautiful I wish I could show it to you. I wish you were here with me.
Cas responded with a Christmas tree emoji and a smiley. Dean rolled his eyes fondly, and watched as outside it began to snow.
Though his words were harsh, his arms were gentle where they pulled Cas closer against his chest, like if he held on tight enough he could absorb the effects of the spell himself and Cas would be fine.
The grand finale illuminated the sky, but Dean didn’t look up from where he was tapping out a reply to Cas.
It didn’t seem like nearly enough. He typed out and deleted his cell number a dozen times. He didn’t want to make it awkward or make Cas feel like he had an obligation to keep talking to him outside of school.
“No, not like that!” Dean rolled his eyes. He joined Cas at the counter and ignored his protests when he took the knife from his hand.
“Yum, I love pie too,” he told her, and spelled the word slowly so she had time to write out each letter.
Tomorrow was the last day of school, and he needed to say bye to Cas. They’d been emailing less the last couple of weeks, but Dean couldn’t stand to just let their conversation fizzle without any kind of closure. He read over what little he’d managed to write:
Castiel has always been drawn to the water- peaceful streams, raging rivers, still lakes- but when he feels lost he goes to the sea. Where the Santa Lucia mountains rise from the Pacific ocean he can often be found watching the waves crash against the cliffs. They’re relentless, eroding the land over millenia, shaping the world to their will. The sea salt spray fills the cool air, he breathes deeply and feels a sense of calm settle over him.
“You know you’re welcome to visit me at Stanford, right?” Sam asked. This conversation was familiar ground for them. “You haven’t been out since you helped me move in before freshman orientation last year.”
The bright light of his grace seemed to pour out from his very skin, and Dean shouted at him, trying desperately to help him keep his focus. “Fight this, Cas. You can fight this!”
His mind is a constant loop of Dean leaving that night with Michael shining behind his eyes. And Castiel had let him go, had barely protested, because in the end it was Dean’s choice.
Six days later found Dean ready to make tacos instead of the traditional turkey dinner. He sent Sam a picture of the pumpkin pie fresh out of the oven, though.
“My flight gets in at two thirty on the ninth,” Sam said. After a long pause he asked, “Dean, are you listening?”
He’d made the mistake of mentioning Castiel more than once to Sam, who had suggested that they try to meet up in person since they got along well enough via email. Dean wasn’t sure it was a good idea. It was a school mandated assignment, after all. Castiel was just doing his job by trading emails with Dean. He didn’t want to cross any lines.
Sam sighed. “Three.” His phone beeped. “Oh, she just got through baggage claim! Should be perfect timing.” The excitement was clear in his voice.
Nope, this is the only turkey I made this year. It’s taco Thursday, but I’m not complaining. Hey, as long as the turkey tastes alright you did fine.
The beep sounded again and Dean looked around for his phone. He found it under the coffee table, and by some miracle it was still clinging to fifteen percent battery life.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean reaches for his pocket knife. "Hey, he says, "you should, uh." Dean taps the knife against his own initials.
Dean’s face flashed open and hopeful, and Castiel could plainly see how he was trying to close off the expression. Before he could, Castiel continued: “I would really prefer that you didn’t stop.”
Coward, Dean cursed himself as he backtracked out of his offer to meet Cas at the high school to help him.
Dean shrugged. "Any food is tasty if you cook it right." He flipped through a few channels until he found
"It's okay, Cas, you can call it ugly." Dean laughed. "That's always been part of its charm. Besides, the real attraction is the food. Wanna grab a pretzel?"
Halloween was on a Sunday this year, so Dean had his students dress up for a party on Friday. He wore the same costume from last year, and Donna got Garth (who was dressed as the Wolfman) to take a photo of them in the decorated hallway after lunch.
Dean huffed a laugh against his neck. “Love the enthusiasm, but maybe we should take this to a bed first.” Just the thought set his heart pounding.
Cas sighed against his lips. His hands grabbed at Dean’s sides, trying to pull him closer. Dean went happily, moving one leg over Cas’ to settle on his lap, right there on the floor. Cas hummed and wrapped his arms around Dean.
“Not in the kitchen, you don’t. This ain’t like slicing and dicing a demon.” He guided the knife they held to the onion to make a clean slice. “There, see?”
Thankfully the wings weren’t as heavy as he expected them to be, so he was able to lift him more or less successfully. He laid Cas out on his stomach so his wings could drape down along either side of the bed, and then realized he had dropped him on top of the covers.
Dean nodded despite the fact that Cas couldn’t see him. “Stick with me, Cas, and I’ll have you eating right and understanding pop culture by New Year’s.”
“I didn’t,” he said. He rubbed at the back of his neck. “It was on the day, and he’s been ignoring me ever since.”
“You’re in luck,” came a voice from behind him. “It just so happens that I have an extra pair of mittens.”
“Yeah, man,” Dean said, “you better get that timing belt replaced asap. Those suckers can do a lot of damage if they snap.”
Still, he smiled to see the large stack of Valentines on his desk, and even a few pieces of candy. He popped a heart shaped peanut butter cup into his mouth and finished wiping down the tables and chairs.
Any moment now he was going to move, to pull away and rest his friend gently in the grass, call Sam, hunt down that witch. Any moment now, he would let go.
Dean set the charred burger patties on the table and turned to see what had Sam so amused only to find Cas peeling an onion and delicately cutting each layer into even slices.
Castiel followed him to the counter and Dean gestured for him to grab a stool and have a seat. And then he started an extra strong pot of coffee.
He hit send without really thinking, and only realized after the message was gone that he’d suggested the exact thing he had been so carefully avoiding.
Dean sent her a thumbs up, and then before he lost his nerve or had a chance to overthink it he texted Cas.
Cas couldn’t cook for shit. Dean learned that on a Sunday afternoon in the middle of September when he sent Dean a picture of meat sauce in a pan.
Dean raises the hand that's not holding three books and waves his phone a couple times. "Sam called. He and Eileen got it wrong, it's not a rugaru."
Dean latched onto that. It was a perfectly reasonable and impersonal question. He took out his phone as well and tapped out an email.
When he got his hands back on the wings Cas moaned and clutched at his hips. Dean wasn’t faring much better himself, he felt like he was on the verge of sensory overload and he never wanted it to stop. Everything in that moment was Cas- and he’d wanted this for so long, to hold Cas in his arms. To really feel like Cas was there with him, all barriers stripped away.
It's the most he's said to Cas in days and it... well, somehow it came out sounding like some kind of half-assed proposal. He gathers up their empty plates and retreats to the kitchen before he ruins everything.
Charlie reached his side just as the wolf finished his transition and crouched defensively where he had backed up against the door.
“I love you,” Dean said again. He leaned forward to rest their foreheads together, gently, gently. He closed his eyes tight and tried not to overthink the words he needed to say. “You gotta know… I want you to know how much you mean to me.”
It had been a mistake last year, too, but he didn’t have the heart to say no when they asked for it. He snapped a photo of the carnage and sent it to Sam, who immediately responded with a laughing emoji. Looking for sympathy, he sent it to the teacher group chat instead and laughed when half of them responded with similar photos.
Dean didn’t buy it for one second. “Yeah? Then why are these still out?” He reached forward to pat his hand against one silky black wing.
As Dean sat around the apartment that week he toyed with the idea of asking Cas to meet in person, but he couldn’t seem to work up the nerve. There was something about crossing the line from virtual to real life that set off alarms in his head. Things were going well as they were. Besides, Cas never mentioned wanting to meet up either.
The man paused and tilted his head in a way very similar to how he had done so in his wolf form. “I’m… sorry?”
. It was easier with Sam here acting as a sort of buffer, but he's been gone with Eileen for two days. Dean's not sure how much more he can take.
He wanted to say it was the best idea they’d ever had. An idea he’d carried around with him for years and never dared hope he’d be lucky enough to have. But he figured Cas might have already known that. So he simply said, “I’m in, if you are.”
“Alright,” Dean said, tucking the phone between his ear and shoulder so he could flip his grilled cheese without it completely falling apart. “You’re gonna add two more cloves and half a teaspoon of red pepper flakes. You got those?”
“Aw, c’mon Sammy. You should invite her for the Fourth of July. You know they always put on a show in the square.”
Before Dean left at the end of the day he took a photo of his example turkey, but left it on the whiteboard.
Dean’s hands were so gentle as they worked on his wings. His soft touch lulled Castiel into a deep rest just on the edge of unconsciousness. He floated there gratefully for a while to allow his mind and his grace draw comfort from each caress and the warm scent on the pillow beneath his face.
Sam gave him a look. “When’s the last time you had a conversation with someone who wasn’t five years old?”
"Cas, I--" Dean clears his throat "I'm no good at speeches, but you gotta know that I, uh, me too y'know?"
They settled in for a marathon that ended with Dean crashing on her couch and feeling very thankful that it was the weekend.
Dean turned it toward him. “The school is giving us all a New Year’s resolution whether we wanted one or not.”
Dean stared at the blank screen on his phone for a long moment before he remembered that he was supposed to be watching Dr. Sexy.
Dean tensed, waiting to see if he would fall into another fit, but the moment passed and Dean allowed himself to hope that the worst of the spell was behind them, that Cas just needed a little more time to rest and recover before he would be good as new.
"We can be more than your imagination," Cas said. "We can be real. If that's something you want, too."
Charlie came back down the stairs and said, “Sam says Eileen won’t let him drive out in this weather because it can wait till morning.”
Dean stared at the janitor, who didn't react to the silver Dean had just pressed to his skin. If it wasn't the janitor...
Dean watches as Cas methodically carves a C into a space just a couple of inches from his own. But then Cas stops, closes the knife, offers it to him.
Dean shrugged and poured him some coffee. “So, Cas, mind filling me in on why you ended up wolfed out in my diner?”
As promised, his assignment was waiting for him in his inbox. He skimmed it quickly, like that would somehow save him from needing to participate.
Cas turns to seal their lips together, stealing Dean’s breath again like it’s the first time. He kicks off the jeans that were halfway up his legs and maneuvers Dean back to the pillows, mouth always coming back to find Dean’s after every break. They settle, then, Dean content to hold Cas in his arms like he’s always wanted to.
After he finished setting out the craft for their letter of the week, “L”, he went to his desk to indulge in some inspiration of his own and listened to Led Zeppelin while he checked his email.
"I promise." Cas stretched up to kiss him briefly and then turned to face the television, snuggling closer to Dean's side.
He settled in front of his computer with his cell in hand until he thought better of it and grabbed the landline instead.
He turned to find that Cas had dropped to the ground, his face twisted in pain and his hands clutching his head as he screamed. Dean rushed to his side and hit his knees, reaching to grab Cas’ shoulders and tried to anchor him from whatever invisible pain was wreaking havoc on him.
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise, Dean thought bitterly, a reminder that he should start distancing himself.
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling a little dazed, “that’s no big deal, just drain out the excess liquid and it should firm up after a couple more minutes…” He trailed off when the video shifted suddenly, and the pixels cleared to reveal Cas.
Dean didn’t want to make things weird between them and he was failing spectacularly. After almost a year of talking through email, text, and phone calls, he was less sure than ever that meeting in person was a good idea. Not when he’d started to want more than just Cas’ friendship. He was probably reading too much into their banter, misconstruing it as flirting when Cas was just trying to be friendly.
"You alright?" he asked, fingers skimming the wound under Cas' eye where he'd clearly been pistol-whipped.
The t-shirt Castiel wears puts them in direct skin-to-skin contact that Castiel finds much preferable to the barriers of his shirt, jacket, and trenchcoat. He can't help the way he shivers.
Sam wasn’t coming home for Thanksgiving. Neither of them were surprised, Sam’s internship was very demanding, but Dean still felt his heart sink at the confirmation.
It was a slow night at the diner. Storms tended to keep away the customers and there was a real howler tearing up the town tonight.
“The hell?” Dean ran toward him and was shocked to see furred limbs bursting through a tattered trench coat.
He was antsy all through the ceremony and waved off Donna's concern and her offer to join her and Jody at the other booths. He had somewhere important to be.
Cas called him, clearly grumpy at being awake so early on a Saturday, but he talked to Dean the whole way home.
Dean seared his sirloin tip and sent the same photo to Donna. He didn’t expect to hear back anytime soon since she was driving cross state to have dinner with her parents and extended family. He had no doubt that she’d find time to respond eventually, once the Hanscum family drama began and she was looking for an escape.
Dean ignored Sam’s raised eyebrows, Cas’ low “thank you, Dean,” and the blush creeping up his neck. He grabbed the butter and olive oil from the pantry and let Cas add his sliced onion to the large skillet to caramelize.
Dean chuckled. “Don’t worry, you didn’t burn anything, it’s gonna be easy to salvage. Did you add the garlic?”
“You know,” Cas continued, “there are only three more weeks until winter break.” Dean had no idea where he was going with this. “Maybe we could find the time to… hang out,” he said the words slowly, like he did when he was sharing something one of his students had said that he didn’t understand.
“I don’t understand,” Cas said. “Why did they think it was a good idea to hide upstairs instead of simply leaving the house?”
“No,” Dean said quickly, hating the way Cas sounded so hurt. “No, that’d be… that’d be good. We should do that. Sometime.”
Afraid that he would disappear again, Dean ran after him. He called for him to stop dammit!, and then he couldn’t say anything at all as he watched in amazement as Cas’ body lifted high into the air and a brilliant shock of light lit up the forest around them.
The morning dawned hazy and damp after the long storm, and Dean was pulled from his light doze by a rustling sound.
“Which terminal?” he asked instead of responding to Sam’s needling. He turned onto the road that would lead them in a loop around the airport.
Castiel must not have travelled very far because when his feet hit solid ground again he could still hear Dean calling for him. Desperate to take flight again as gracelight poured from his very skin, he braced himself. Castiel’s grace twisted and tore at itself and try as he might, he couldn’t get it to submit to his will, he cried out as his vessel ripped apart to manifest the pair of wings that sprouted from his shoulder blades.
He spends the fourth and fifth day lying on Dean’s bed. The pillow still smells of Dean’s shampoo, and he breathes it in slow and deep, wishing the scent could ease the weight crushing his chest.
Now that they had the apartment to themselves Dean joined Cas on the couch and was happy when Cas immediately leaned in close. Dean wrapped one arm around him and pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
Dean tried to laugh it off, but that was cut short when Cas took another step into his personal space.
Distantly he realized the power surge from his grace had burned away his clothes. The wings weighed him down, and he collapsed back against something. No, not something-- someone. He was barely aware of Dean’s voice and was only able to process parts of what he said as Castiel fought to remain conscious.
The first thing Dean noticed was his piercing blue eyes. Dean blinked twice, words caught in his throat. There was too much to process: the arrow straight nose, full lips, five o’clock shadow, and what Dean’s frazzled brain could only describe as sex hair.
“I’m just saying, it might be nice. Whoever you get paired up with… you’ll both be teachers so that’s already something in common. Could be fun.”
The shifter snarled. "You're not the first hunters to come after me, did you think I was stupid? I'll take care of you the same way I took-"
Cas leaned against the counter. “That’s alright, I’ll wait with you.” He smiled, and Dean couldn’t help but do the same, but he would blame his flushed cheeks on the heat from the stove if anyone had asked.
“Cas?” he said, ignoring the panic that was beginning to choke him. “Cas! Stay with me, man.” He wedged a hand beneath Cas’ wrist to touch his face and cursed at the ice cold skin he found there.
Dean had wanted to text him countless times. Yesterday at the store he saw a back-to-school display- outrageous for July 2nd- and snapped a photo. He only sent it to Donna, though.
He corners him in the hallway off the library. "Cas, you gotta let me in, man. I don't know what you're thinking."
He went to work and pasted on a smile for his kids as he helped them trace their hands and cut out colorful paper feathers to glue on their Thankful Turkeys.
"He found Castiel and he asked him to come back to earth with him, because if Castiel let go of the last of his angel grace the Empty couldn't keep him there any longer."
Dean rubs a hand over his mouth like that might loosen the words trapped there. The knife in his other hand is the very same one Cas used that day when the Empty took him, when Cas... when he...
. The thought, or maybe the feathers that brushed against his sides, sent a spike of arousal through him and he gasped.
“Please don’t leave.” The words are soft, barely a whisper. As if Dean doesn’t want Cas to hear them, which is the opposite of the truth.
Cas took one deep shuddering breath and reached a trembling hand back to touch the side of Dean’s face.
Dean considered his options. “You’re welcome to stay the night, but we’ve got a spare room upstairs that’s probably a lot warmer.”
The waitress came to take their order, eggs for Sam and a loaded bacon waffle for Dean. Sam leveled him with an unimpressed look.
Happy Thanksgiving, Dean. Did you roast a turkey for dinner? I would show you the one Gabriel and I made but I think it may horrify you.
Dean kisses him, and it's not an answer he ever expected. He never dared to hope for this, but Castiel is happier than he's ever been or ever imagined he could be. He kisses Dean back, holds him close; there’s no threat hidden here, just love.
Thankfully, Cas pauses at the edge of the bed where he has started to pull on his jeans. “What?” He turns to squint at Dean in the dark room.
“If you’re tired,” he said gruffly, “we can finish watching it another time. It is pretty late and we’ve got school tomorrow.”
The scene changed as Cas left the kitchen and sat on a light gray couch. Dean looked curiously at what he could see in the small frame, but there wasn’t much to look at except for a white wall that was blank except for a thermostat. That was alright, though, since Dean would much rather study Cas’ face. There was a cleft in his chin. He wished he had a better phone so he could see more clearly. He wondered what details he was missing out on.
And then, just as suddenly as it had started, the light faded and Cas was Cas again. He stood unsteadily in the grass, completely buck naked. Dean blinked at the two enormous black wings that sprouted from Cas’ shoulder blades. As he watched, Cas stumbled and fell to his knees, and that spurred Dean forward.
They reached the booth that was selling the spiced and candied nuts, and Dean's heart stuttered when he caught a flash of dark, messy hair. But then the man turned to greet them and take their order and Dean tried to ignore his disappointment when it wasn't who he wanted it to be.
Dean found himself smiling. He wouldn’t trade his messy and energetic kindergartners for anything, and especially not for teenagers. He logged off without answering and headed home to his empty apartment.
But Castiel’s hope has been stretched too thin for so long that he can’t be sure of that anymore. He says nothing.
There was a shout from down the hall, and it echoed through Dean's cell. He took off in the direction of the sound when the call cut out.
“Yeah, and I’d like to have those burgers for lunch not dinner.” Dean stacked the layers back together. “You don’t have to do them one at a time.” He put the knife back in Cas’ hand, but didn’t let go. “Use your other hand to hold the layers in place, and tuck in your fingertips so you don’t lose one.” He put his hand over Cas’ on the onion, and hooked his chin over his shoulder to see better.
"Dean," Sam says on the other end, "I was wrong, it's not a rugaru. Eileen's emailing you the details now, you might need to check the archives. We must be missing something in the lore. But hurry, tonight's our last shot at this for another month."
Dean lifted a hand to push it through Cas’ hair, and told himself that he was looking for any sign of injury. The soft hair whispered against his fingers and his heart clenched.
“I can think of a few ways you can make it up to me,” Cas said. His hands were suggestively low on Dean’s hips.
Dean lasts through another hour of silence before he pushes his chair away from the table and stands.
"I don't... why would I bring you back just to get rid of you again?" he asks, ashamed when anger bleeds into his voice.
He dropped to his knees under the new weight. And then just as suddenly as it began the pain was gone.
“No,” Dean interrupted, pulling back to meet his eyes, “I really do. You said this was something you could never have, and that’s on me.”
"How often have you imagined me?" Cas asked, and his voice rumbled so deeply that Dean could swear he felt it reverberate in his chest.
him, and moaned when he felt the slide of Cas’ tongue against his. And the only part that was strange were the wings.
Dean looks up from the table where he is drumming his fingers on a closed laptop. His grin settles against Castiel’s heart like a crashing wave, battering against his walls and defenses, widening the cracks and slipping through to reshape his very heart.
He hugs Sam. They're both a little teary-eyed though this isn’t their first unlikely reunion (and with their luck it’s not their last, either).
“The Winchesters have a habit of taking in strays,” Castiel said like he was quoting something. “Human and wolf alike.”
"Alright sit tight, I'll see what I can find." Dean quickly throws the ground beef and beers into the fridge and hurries to gather what he needs.
"Oh yay, spiced nuts," Donna said. She pushed him in the direction she wanted to go, using his body to part the crowd.
They were close now, each leaning in until their white wisps of breath mingled in the air between them.
“Cas!” he answered, frantically trying to direct the conversation anywhere but that feather. “I hope you’re not calling to say you accidentally burned down your brother’s house.”
Dean loaded the last plate into the dishwasher and leaned against the counter with a sigh. There was nothing more satisfying or exhausting than preparing a holiday meal. He congratulated himself on a job well done when he saw Sam, Eileen, and Cas sprawled on the couch and clearly on their way to a collective food coma.
Dean sat there and stared at the little blinking line until his alarm went off and reminded him that it was time to unlock the classroom door and welcome back his students.
Best to get this over with, he thought. If he sent an email now maybe he could get away with shirking the obligation for a while.
“You try to… get some sleep,” he said. “I’ve got to go and, uh, get them some info from the archives.”
“Of course,” Cas said. Dean thought he could hear the smile in his voice. “I find the second season unexpectedly compelling.”
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, you're alright." He leaned in to kiss the pout off Cas' mouth. "Let's finish up here and then get you cleaned up."
Something of Dean’s rage must have caught his attention, because suddenly the scene around him disappears and he’s left in the dark.
Suddenly he had his phone in hand and Cas’ contact profile open on the screen. The photo was blank, just a generic blue “C”, but the number was there exactly as it had been since April.
to. He presses those same words against Cas’ mouth and onto his jaw and in a line down his neck until they’re both breathless and grinning like a pair of lovesick fools.
A moment later Dean’s phone buzzed as a request to accept a video call popped up on the screen. His heart raced as he pressed “answer”.
He didn’t bother to look up “Castiel Novak” on the school portal, just clicked on his email address and tried to type out a quick, simple email.
They had no set plan; no day or time or location. He wasn't sure he could stand the suspense for another two weeks or more.
Dean wouldn’t say he rushed back to his room to check on Cas, but he definitely turned the corner fast enough that he couldn’t avoid crashing straight into Cas in the doorway.
Dean is angry. Absolutely furious to be stuck here with everything he’s ever wanted: a fully stocked kitchen and his family safe and happy around the dinner table, a comfortable couch and Dr. Sexy on the tv and Cas sat next to him with no space in between.
The week of Halloween was eventful. Cas called him in a panic that Tuesday morning when his car was making a horrible grinding noise.
Dean thought he had sent him a beginner friendly recipe, but he should have known better. Cas mostly lived off take out and frozen pizzas, so maybe this required some hand-holding.
They broke apart to catch their breath and Dean was struck by the grin on Cas’ face. He was certain he’d never seen him smile like that. Then Cas’ eyes darted down to his lips and he pushed forward into Dean’s until Dean’s back hit the wall. He was entirely surrounded by Cas when his wings fell forward to cocoon the both of them, so Dean moved his hands to Cas’ face. He considered the scratch of stubble on his fingers and decided he liked it, and would probably like it even more against other parts of his body. His neck, for sure. Rubbed against his thigh? Oh,
“No such thing, trust me.” Dean watched his grilled cheese sizzle and enjoyed the scent of bacon that wafted throughout the kitchen. “Now, do what I said and let it simmer another five minutes before you give it another taste.”
Dean thought it was obvious. He thought he was letting his actions speak for him. After all he was never very good with words, but for Cas he could try.
He began the long process of cleaning up. The kids had helped with the worst of it, just like they always did when they sang their clean up song together, but they’d only had so much time left at the end of the day and there was still so much to do.
“Great, I’ll grab some food. And don’t let the raw meat fool you, I actually make the best burgers in the state of Kansas.”
In the driver’s side window he could just barely make out the reflection of a man with dark hair wearing a white collared shirt. Curiosity got the better of him and he tried to zoom in without any luck. The image became too pixelated to make out any details.
He was there early, a habit that helped preserve his sanity. He used the quiet time to prep for the day and make sure that every time segment was planned down to the minute. Naturally, the plan would go straight to hell the moment the busses unloaded but it was good to be prepared anyway.
Dean stared at the number- Cas’ personal cell number- that followed his brief message. His stomach did a familiar somersault, and continued the performance throughout the day until he found himself in an empty classroom once more.
“Are you making dinner, too?” Cas asked, cocking his head like that would help him see more of Dean’s kitchen.
“Um, kind of?” Dena grabbed his plate and went to settle in front of the television. “I used to spend a lot of time in the kitchen with my mom when I was a kid. Guess it stuck.” He shrugged, aiming for nonchalant and missing it by a mile.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas repeats, but he doesn't stop there. "I'm happy to be an honorary Winchester."
Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face without loosening his hold on Cas. In a moment it would become awkward, but Cas felt solid and warm in his arms and it only felt right. There was no tension in his body pressed against Dean, and he was pliant when Dean tugged him around so settle them more closely together. Close enough that Dean could feel the beat of his heart against his own.
Dean grinned, happy that Sam was happy, and excited to finally meet Eileen. He carefully navigated through the swarm of ubers and cabs until Sam waved enthusiastically through the open window.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice sounded distant but Castiel could still feel his hands, one digging into his shoulder, the other warm against his cheek. “Cas! Stay with me, man.”
"Okay," Cas said, but he held Dean close for another long moment before releasing him. "Back to work."
Later, much later, Cas put away his wings. But he walked out of Dean’s room wearing soft worn jeans and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, so Dean was willing to take the compromise.
Dean poked at a wing more boldly. “I don’t know… some half-assed spell that tried to turn you into a bird?”
Dean checked the time, but thankfully he still had a few minutes before it was time to open the door, so he replied immediately.
"Yeah," he says, and he steps closer, dropping the knife onto the counter as he goes. He's deep into Cas' personal space but there aren't any alarm bells going off in his head warning him to leave room between them, to be careful. "I don't think I've been so sure of anything before." He breathes deep and repeats on the exhale, "I love you."
"I want you to have my name because I love you," Dean says, and he closes his eyes against the consequences of his words. Who knows what fresh hell he's unleashed.
Castiel watched him toss his phone onto the table. Dean wouldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes when he told him that Sam and Jack were going to take care of the witch.
Dean tried not to read too much into that, but then his phone buzzed with another text and he completely forgot about the first. It was a selfie, taken at an awkward angle to show off a purple headband that held two cat ears to the top of Cas' head. Dean grinned at the image, but especially at the perplexed look on Cas’ face.
Castiel tried to find the strength to reach out and reassure Dena that he would be fine, because Dean should never sound so worried. Not about him-- whose job it was to protect and worry about Dean, not the other way around. It seemed Castiel was forever destined to be a burden.
"Got anything over there?" Dean asks, and then sighs when Cas shakes his head. It's the first either of them has spoken for the better part of an hour. The tension in the room is nearly enough to suffocate Dean.
Monday morning came quickly and Dean was glad to get back to work. He had a good group of kids this year.
"PB and J, eat up." He intends to say more but Cas looks up at him and smiles. He clears his throat and gets back to work.
Dean leaned in slowly and brushed their lips together. One of his hands swept through Cas’ hair and then down to hold his neck. Dean’s thumb brushed against his racing pulse.
Dean used a magnet to attach his completed turkey to the whiteboard for all the kids to see, and then wandered from table to table to help them all finish up.
“I love you,” he repeated. He never wanted to stop saying those words. He felt Cas shiver, they were so close now, breathing the same air.
“Yeah, yeah good,” Dean said. He suddenly remembered his grilled cheese and quickly took it off the heat. The bread was somewhat burned, but still edible.
“Bed,” Cas growled, and Dean felt the vibration of that one word against his neck and all the way down to where his toes curled.
The moment their mouths met, any doubt Dean felt melted away. He couldn’t remember anything that had ever felt like this. His heart raced but it wasn’t the adrenaline rush he knew so well, it was just happiness and relief and every carnal thought he’d repressed for the past ten years. Dean kissed his best friend, really
Cas tilts his head slightly to one side. "You what?" But then his eyes widen. "No, Dean, you don't have to--"
“You said to slice the onion for the burgers.” Cas held up one of the four slices he managed to cut.
"I dunno," Dean said. "Probably." He looked down into Cas' blue eyes and grinned. "But you gotta promise me that you won't go falling in love with whoever you get next."
Dean could admit to himself that he wanted to know these things. Maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad thing after all to ask Cas to hang out in person.
None of that was out of the ordinary, but Dean let his fingers linger on Cas’ when he took the coffee which made Cas smile... and that meant that Dean had to lean in to kiss him because he could do that now. And he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to kiss him every chance he got.
Dean realizes he's been staring. He quickly looks away from studying the cuffs of Cas' sweater and focuses on the page he's been trying to read for the last ten minutes.
That didn’t keep Dean from lighting up every time he got an email notification, though. The guy was fun to talk to, he admitted somewhat reluctantly.
Now that Cas was home and more or less safe, Dean’s initial twinge of fear was eclipsed by exhaustion. He couldn’t have dozed for more than an hour before Cas had accidentally woke him up. His eyelids grew heavy as he watched Cas sleep. It was unnerving to see his face smoothed into a peaceful rest where Dean was used to seeing creased brows and a hard clenched jaw.
Sam made a noise like he was considering it and Dean knew he had him. He grinned, but it fell away almost immediately when his phone beeped to notify him of a new email. He ignored it.
Castiel finds the strength. If he doesn’t do everything in his power to help Dean, how can he live with himself?
Sam and Jack get along very well, and Castiel is distantly glad. He can’t bring himself to speak much to either of them, not yet.
With a shuddering breath, Cas grabs at the front of Dean's flannel and pulls him in to seal their lips together.
Hesitantly, Cas takes the knife. He makes no move to begin carving. "I'm not sure I belong," he says without meeting Dean's eyes.
Dean woke to the sound of a familiar beeping notification on his phone. He slowly rearranged his sore limbs from the way he’d contorted them on the couch during the night. He and Donna sure weren’t college students anymore, and that was a grim reality. He turned slightly to crack his back.
“You certainly would have if I hadn’t pushed you out of the way,” Cas retorted. His voice rasped like sandpaper in Dean’s ears.
Castiel ate like he hadn’t seen food in weeks, and then his head dropped closer and closer to the floor as he struggled to stay awake.
Sam emerged from the bathroom with a scowl. “It’s Sam. And we have plenty of time, the way you drive.”
Dean rolled his eyes at the formality. In the month they’d been trading emails, it took Castiel three weeks to drop his last name from his signature.
After the Fourth it was like Dean had opened the floodgates; they hardly went a day without texting now.
And maybe after a couple weeks had passed in silence Dean had realized he was kind of being an idiot. Cas had told him to keep in touch, knowing full well he’d given Dean his number.
"Ah, that's right. So you see, when Castiel told Dean he would come with him to fight Death, he had a plan up his sleeve."
“Peachy,” Dean said. He picked up his phone and took his brother off speaker. “You bringin’ Eileen home with you? I keep expecting her to show up and ask for my blessing.”
There was a blinding flash of lightning that made the guy jump and then suddenly he fell to the ground and began to spasm.
“Every werewolf knows about Sam and Dean Winchester. And,” Castiel continued gravely, “I hear you serve the best burgers in the Midwest.”
There was a small chorus of wow’s and one kid called out that he went to California last year. Then of course the classroom erupted into chaos as every single student shouted where they traveled to last year and if they had ever gone to California.
Not wanting to disturb him, Castiel tried to shift quietly. But as tired and uncoordinated as he was feeling he couldn’t avoid how the tip of one wing brushed against Dean’s leg and woke him with a start.
Cas must not hear his return, because he looks lost in thought, fingers brushing over some of the carvings in the table.
Cas pressed his hand to Dean's cheek, and Dean cursed the fabric that kept him from feeling the warmth of his skin.
So he ran after Dean when he disappeared into the woods in pursuit of the witch they had been tracking all week though he longed to fly. To appear before the witch and rid them of this problem before Dean even took another step toward danger.
He put it out of his mind and tried to enjoy his breakfast. And then, just to brighten his day, he teased Sam about his girlfriend all the way to the airport.
Dean got out to open the trunk and waited for them to disengage from what looked like a rib cracking hug. He ignored the stink eye he was getting from one of the security officers for being parked in a loading zone and leaned against the Impala to wait.
Dean kisses the top of Cas’ head, but remains silent. He’s learning. He’s got faith that Cas will stay with him as he figures it out.
“Just text him,” Sam said from where he sat next to Dean in the Impala. “I don’t get why you’re making such a big deal out of it.”
Cas nodded. He leaned forward to peck Dean on the lips. “Just tired.” His face scrunched like he was fighting a yawn, which of course caused Dean to copy him.
Dean's just finished scrubbing the plates with more force than necessary after a couple of sandwiches when Cas walks through the doorway.
He couldn’t help but laugh at the frustrated expression on Cas’ face. Dean reached out to brush his thumb across his cheekbone and Cas’ eyes fluttered shut. “Nap first?”
Dean really couldn’t blame him; it had been a long night. He waited for an uneasy feeling to appear and the doubt to creep in, but he only felt relaxed. It wasn’t long before he followed Cas into sleep.
It was barely controlled chaos as kids threw slushy snowballs and half the crowd sang along to the Christmas carols blasting from the speakers.
Castiel watched him for a few minutes, taking in his crossed arms and bowed head, and he thought of all the times he had kept a similar nighttime vigil over Dean’s bedside. He couldn’t think of those as simpler times but he still looked back on them fondly. He would much rather watch over Dean than have to be looked after himself.
When the photo reached his inbox a few moments later, Dean opened it and was surprised to see a shiny gold Cadillac and not the eco-friendly compact he’d imagined. It was bad form to insult a man’s car so he focused instead on the spare tire, pleased to see that it looked straight and secure. He sent the all clear to Cas before something in the photo caught his eye.
“What’s got you so chipper at this hour?” she asked before she spotted the phone in his hand. “Ah. Heard from a special someone, hm?”
Castiel caught sight of a line of blood dripping from the witch’s hand. He’s stalling, Castiel realized. He barely had a moment to push Dean out of the way of the witch’s aim.
Dean ate his tacos without tasting them and began to clean up the mess in the kitchen. When his phone rang he jumped and nearly dropped a plate. It was probably just Sam. Maybe Donna.
He imagined, just for a second, their movie nights spent together in Dean’s apartment. Maybe after cooking something together for dinner. It was an appealing thought, even if it was kind of hard to imagine. He didn’t even know the exact shade of Cas’ eyes, or the sound of his laugh without the buzz of a phone connection between them.
“Ooh, thanks. It’s cold out there,” she said, cradling the thermos in her gloved hands. “You’re going to need more than that coat.”
He could feel his grace coil within him ready to burst, doing its best to tear him in half. Through the pain he stretched his wings and launched himself away from Dean and into the air.
Nice was an understatement. Dean dug his fingers deeper into the soft downy feathers, they were pleasantly cool to the touch and the energy coursing through them set his nerves on fire. He looked up from his lips to find Cas’ gaze fixed on him like a challenge.
Dean wanted to be angry. Anger made things easy, simple in a way that things rarely were when it came to Cas. It didn’t leave any room for soft touches, quiet words, or that terrible feeling in his gut that screamed for him to grab Cas and never let go.
Dean grinned. “Flattery will get you everywhere.” He came around the counter to grab a stool. “Will you be staying in the area with your little cousin?”
He shrugged off her concern, too nervous about meeting Cas for the first time to care much about anything else.
Dean grinned. "It's not the only thing I imagined." His eyes fell to Cas' mouth and tracked the movement of his tongue when it darted out to wet his lips.
Castiel feels guilt settle heavy in his stomach. He waits until Sam is off on another date with Eileen before he tries to fix what he broke.
He continued to run his fingers over the wing Cas had stretched out to him, grateful for the distraction and the soft electric feeling that assured him Cas was alive.
Because here they were, and in some other universe or some other context Dean’s heart would be full of something other than paralyzing fear.
Dean turned quickly and nearly lost his footing on the thin layer of snow that covered the ground. “Cas!”
Cas’ wingspan draped listlessly to either side. Dean had a clear view of the powerful joints sprouting from his shoulder blades, crushed as they were between their two bodies. The feathers were silky to the touch and the tips of Dean’s fingers tingled as he brushed a blade of grass from the tip one one dark feather.
He grits his teeth. He could have had this. He’d had almost all of it already, but this was the missing piece that has always been just out of reach.
Cas glanced to the side and Dean was suddenly aware of how close he was standing, how warm his chest was where it pressed against Cas’ back, how his jaw smelled like Dean’s aftershave.
Instead of answering, Cas settled into bed half on top of him and draped one wing over Dean like a blanket. Then he tugged Dean’s arm across his waist and seemed content because he promptly closed his eyes and Dean heard his breath even out as he fell asleep.
Dean followed him into the kitchen, intent on scrambling eggs while Cas started a fresh pot of coffee and poured a mug for himself and then one for Dean.
"Dean." Castiel interrupts and pulls out a chair to sit opposite him. "I'm sorry." Dean tries to speak but Castiel gestures for him to let him finish. "I never meant to make you uncomfortable when I..." he trails off, starts again, "I don't expect anything from you, I don't want things to change between us. You don't... I don't expect you to love me back." Dean flinches. "I'm so lucky to have your friendship, so we can leave it at that. We don't have to speak of it again." He stands, fully intending to give Dean some space, hoping that they can put this behind them and enjoy each other's company again.
Today was a holiday, though, he reasoned. Even people who only speak once or twice a year find it acceptable to reach out on a holiday.
So Dean heads back to the kitchen and makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and then another with strawberry jelly for Cas, the heathen. He grabs two beers that have just barely chilled from the fridge and carries it all back to the library.
Cas sighed into the phone. “My pasta boiled over. I’m not sure cooking is worth the mess, it’s going to take at least an hour to clean all of this up.”
“Cas,” Dean said and his voice broke over the word, “stay with me. It’s going to be… you gotta stay with me. I won’t lose you, not again.” He wrapped his arms tighter across Cas’ bare chest. Cas’ head lolled back against Dean’s shoulder when he passed out, and Dean tucked his face into his neck and tried to breathe.
Dean pauses to look at him, more closely thank he's done in the week since they got him back from the Empty. He takes in his tired eyes and hair still half damp from this morning's shower, and his blue jeans (Dean's) and sweater (Walmart's), and he can feel his throat start to close.
The floor seemed to drop out from under him. Dean leaned against the counter when it seemed his legs no longer wanted to support him.
Sam would need to know. As their pack leader it was going to be Sam’s problem if one of theirs accidentally turned a human… or if another pack was moving into their territory. And Sam’s problems were Dean’s problems.
Dean dropped onto her couch and grumbled, “Is it weird to wish your colleague a happy Valentine’s Day?” He felt his cheeks flush.
His phone buzzes in his pocket. It’s Dean, he knows. Even with his depleted grace he can still feel Dean’s soul reach out to him in prayer, even when Dean doesn’t consciously realize that’s what he’s doing.
Instead, Castiel narrowly dodged a fallen tree and almost collided with Dean who had the witch held at gunpoint.
Suddenly Cas didn’t look like Cas anymore, or rather he looked much more like himself than Dean had ever seen him before. He seemed to explode all at once into feathers and what appeared to be… three heads. Dean couldn’t move, he just stood there trying to make sense of what he was seeing. He wasn’t sure if Cas got bigger or if he only felt smaller from having seen him.
He spoke of Castiel's love and sacrifice, and Dean's broken heart. He spoke of the Winchester brothers' empty triumph and an ending that was only happy on the surface.
“Okay, good.” This, Dean could do. He knew cars like he knew the alphabet, there wasn’t any reason to be nervous. He kept up a steady stream of instructions, listening for each of Cas’ quiet acknowledgements as they went along.
Dean leaned in to close the space between them. When their lips met all of the apprehension he had been clinging to for months melted away, replaced with joy and a new sense of contentment. This was good, he thought with sudden confidence, this was right.
“So, how many finals you got left?” he asked, thankful for the distraction as Sam went on and on about his criminal justice course.
Dean’s heart stopped for a horrible moment, but then he caught sight of him thirty yards ahead in a small clearing.
"Dean," he says, when he finds him at the kitchen table with two disassembled shotguns in front of him.
Later, after he finished herding students to their designated busses, Dean found himself back at his desk to wrap up the day and check on his itinerary for tomorrow. Just as he was about to head home he got a new email notification. A quick glance at his computer told him it was from Castiel Novak, high school history teacher and Dean’s new obligation buddy.
