I've upped the rating a bit because of the violent parts in this chapter and added some tags to hopefully let you know what you're in for. I don't want to blindside anyone.
There. It was done. His eyes were itching, burning, and he couldn’t stand for John to see him for one more second.
“Ok, good chat. See you later,” John called, closing the door.
“Come on, your house has to be brilliant. A wizarding mansion, almost as old as Hogwarts? What’s not to love?”
“Yeah. He probably has been,” John said, a little surprised. “And I will.” And I will also get the hell out of here before I get asked any more insane questions and end up punching somebody, he added in his head.
You think you could come down here a bit and take a look at this, see what he thinks? GL
Except he had, entirely by accident, let John closer, and look where that had gotten him. John was avoiding him in preference to spending more time at the Yard with Lestrade, and Sherlock was sulking alone at home with his chemicals.
“She, not they, John,” Sherlock said. “And your scar? You got it that year,” he continued, a flicker or something utterly unreadable in his eyes.
It was time for his beauty ritual.
This time, he swiped the rosin across the bow in a series of quick jerks, no patience for preparation. He needed this now and if the sound was a little ragged, if the bow ground and slid against the strings more roughly than he usually liked, well, maybe he needed that a little right now too. Needed the ugliness, the scratch as the slightly gritty bow first touched the strings.
indeed, he thought. He might actually do that.
”Don’t you start on that with me too,” John warned. “He’s not my boyfriend.”
“I didn’t mean to hurt you, John,” Sherlock blurted out in a quivering voice. “That thing I said about Mary––I didn’t––I never––”
“You remember Brian, don’t you?” Sherlock asked, flicking off imaginary lint from his purple shirt.
“Are you serious?” John was very cold, and held out his hand for the envelope. Mike returned it and John carefully slipped the card back inside, then stowed both in the inner pocket of his jacket.
I freeze. It’s been a while since I thought about Mary. All of the thoughts that one could have, I’ve had; I’ve followed all of the trails of logic and conversation down to all of the possible outcomes in my head but they all seem to lead to the same reality that I am living in now, which is: divorced after an embarrassingly short marriage after a short engagement.
I know you sent it to him too you always do GL
Sherlock’s laser-focused attention settled again on John. “I will if you’ll show it to me,” he said.
At this, Mycroft had gathered what little remained of his dignity snatched his wand off the table, and turned and left.
As the end of John’s shift approached, Sherlock grumbled and put his violin down. His fingertips were raw and aching and he hadn’t made any sounds that could honestly be described as “music” in over an hour.
Oh, brilliant deduction, I think. Well, he’s clearly not going to let me leave until I give him something, so come on Watson, think of something. Give him some detail he hasn’t already noticed so you can get out of here. (That won’t be too hard--Lestrade doesn’t notice much.) Think Watson, think. What’s here, or what’s not here, what would he be thinking.
Here's chapter 10! I know a lot of people hate to read works in progress, as we've all been disappointed by that one amazing fic that was never finished, so I really appreciate everyone who has been reading along with me or who is starting to read along now! I have one more chapter after this one already written and beta read by the wonderful Unpopcultural, and I'm starting to plan out where I want the rest of this fic to go. As always I welcome your comments and suggestions, and thank you for reading!
John sent the petal closer and it bumped into the Hufflepuff boy’s nose.
People were giving him odd looks in the hallway. A Ravenclaw sixth year whose name he didn’t know (but who he remembered had batted a bludger straight at his neck in their last Quidditch match) gave him an earnest thumbs-up as they passed each other on a staircase. A trio of seventh year Slytherins stared at him, open-mouthed and silent, as they walked by him in the hallway, and when he finally arrived at Arithmancy, Mike Stamford actually stood up from his seat to give him a high five. This rather put a damper on John’s intention to sneak into class, as he was already five minutes late.
This was his justification to himself, though he knew his excuses were shoddy at best. Sherlock found it difficult to care. It was all fine for John- he could just go find someone to date in a pub, or at work, or literally walking down the street because apparently all of London was attracted to John Watson. It wasn’t that simple for him. Finding someone who could withstand his prickly disposition long enough to even be friends was nigh impossible (proof of concept: his only friend, John Watson), and letting someone closer…well, after Serbia that was impossible, wasn’t it?
John sank into the seat with a grimace at the pain shooting up his leg and leaned his cane against the back of his chair.
“You UTTER COCK! Do you have any idea what you did to him, hm?” John was aware that he was yelling at this point, but did not care in the slightest. “Going on about how Slytherin was the only house worth being in, and him getting sorted into Hufflepuff-I was there, the hat didn’t even touch his head, with a sorting that sure you must have had some idea beforehand how it would go--” John paused, sucking in a long breath. “He cried for months first year but I guess you wouldn’t know that, and he’s still ashamed of being a Hufflepuff THREE YEARS ON and that’s on you, you bloody git. THA’S ON YOU.”
“Dark curses that old never fully heal.” Sherlock’s voice was barely audible now.
But once she’d said the words out loud it was like flipping a switch in my brain and Sherlock fucking Holmes was the only name, the only thing on my mind. One day while I was at work I suppose Mary was busy, because I came home to find my stuff neatly boxed up and sitting on the doorstep, and the locks changed on the door. (And window. I’m not ashamed to admit that I checked.) Well, after that there was only one place that I knew I could go, no questions asked (for a couple days at least, until Mrs. Hudson’s curiosity overcame her), so I went there, and that’s why I’m here at 221B Baker Street shaving (poorly) with shaking hands and a limp.
“John!” came Sherlock’s tremulous moan. John smiled as he trailed kisses down Sherlock’s body and removed the rest of the younger man’s clothes.
, John reminded himself sternly.
Most ingredients he didn’t measure. He had a bloodhound’s nose and a chemist’s intuition, and the pair of those senses had never let him down in the kitchen. Spices were added in pinches, each followed by a waft and a sniff of the mixture’s current aroma, then another pinch of two of spices to adjust...he stirred and melted and whisked and fluffed, and his fingertips began to be stained with cinnamon, clove, and nutmeg.
This message could not be delivered.
“It’s not what you think.”
Thank you for reading <3
Several officers snickered.
“Sherlock….”
“Let’s check these guys out,” one of the stalagmites echoed him in a singsong voice. . “Welcome, Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson! I must say I’m glad you came alone. It makes this next part so much easier for me.” A squat, balding man emerged from behind the newspaper pile and John groaned.
“Like
I don’t know what else to put here. I was going to tell you about my experiments but Mummy said not to be morbid, that you probably saw lots of dead things there and didn’t want to hear about the rate of decay of a pigeon that I found in the woods behind the house the other day. But if you want to hear about it you can write me back and ask.
“Holmes--” John began, then gently pried Sherlock’s (sopping wet, when had that happened?) hands from his face. “I don’t care. I really don’t. And it’s not your fault. Come on, you were eight years old! You weren’t even there. But I’m here now, and I’m coming back with you. You shouldn’t have to do that alone.”
This message could not be delivered.
So much for three days of work, during which he subsisted on bagged blood provided by Mycroft (in both the immediate and original sense, he suspected) and delivered by Anthea, and worked around the clock until his third batch was ready. At least by that point he had the synthesis and compounding process down to an art, and had doubled the amount of pills he made in that round. After three nearly sleepless days holed up in Molly’s lab, he had a year’s worth of pure blood-substitute pills. He had carefully cleaned his glassware, packed everything away into foam-lined cases, and hied himself back to Baker Street with the fruits of his labors.
Fighting the urge to cry near Sherlock’s chair, John quietly rushed to the bathroom.
Decision made, John crossed the rest of the way to the sofa and peeled back the edge of the duvet, careful not to touch the patch of bare shoulder where Sherlock’s dressing gown and frayed tee were stretched back.
“We know,” Gred chimed in. “But you have to admit, that Captain August does look a lot like you.”
“Aren’t ye flammable? Like more than um…regular people?” John asked. For a moment his face lit up with inspiration. “Oh! Are you doing this cause ye’re cold? I can help with that,” he said, and sauntered over to the kitchen table.
“I thought about you too,” John admitted. “I wondered if you still lived in England, what you had grown up to be like. If your house was as warm and cosy on the inside as it looked from the picture.”
“We will play for a little while,” the man continued, lingering on the word “play” as if he were savouring it, “and then we’ll see how you feel. You might want some relief, might you not?“ He traced the knife along Sherlock’s collarbone as he spoke, barely applying any pressure, but the skin split and angry, biting pain swarmed through Sherlock’s brain. He fought it down, imagining his higher reasoning shoving the pain aside and forcing it below the surface of a lake. He wasn't sure if he managed not to cry out.
“Awake then?” John asked. “I made you tea. I—I was worried. Is it normal to be so sleepy after…um, after?”
Sherlock nodded. His eyes were very wide, and he held perfectly still as John raised his wrist to Sherlock’s lips. Their eyes met right as John’s wrist touched Sherlock’s lips, and he read an expression of utter terror in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I learned from the best.”
His phone buzzed, and he rolled over on the floor of the little fishing boat and reached for it. Texts from John? Ah, he must have worked it out then, Sherlock thought, smiling to himself. He put the phone in his pocket, and looked up just in time to see the small missile splinter through the deck of his boat.
“Er, yes ma’am,” John said, trying to regain composure.
“Sorry, what?” I look up from pouring tea. “I didn’t--” My phone buzzes and I turn it over: an emergency at the surgery. Seems someone has come in with what is probably scarlet fever, from the way Sarah is describing it.
Unacceptable.
Got a really weird one this time GL
“Hang on--could you get someone to bring a ladder?” I really want to look inside those light fixtures. All but two all gone out at the same time? In a busy tube station in central London? On a weekday? And just left that way? Probably not, right? Someone would have fixed it. All five of them going out, on their own like that, at the same time?
John smiled as his hand touched the letter. It had taken Sherlock two and a half summers, not one, but he had eventually perfected a potion (“Not polyjuice, John. Holmes curses can’t be fooled by something so simplistic,” Sherlock had scorned John’s early suggestions. “Of course they can’t be,” John had answered fondly) that had allowed John Watson, the first of his name, to set foot on the hallowed Holmes land.
Sherlock shuffled the blanket around his shoulders and leaned back into the sofa. “I think—I’m going to go back to sleep if. If that’s—”
” Donovan snickered.
“Coming out how?” Sherlock asked.
“I haven’t opened that one yet?” Sherlock offered.
“Blood,” he clarified. “They replace blood. I synthesized an imitation of the relevant components of human blood, put them into pill form. It means I don’t have to…” He trailed off. “Don’t have to drink it,” he finished.
“Captain Watson! Letter for you, sir!” The hand that John extended, palm up, shook with exhaustion. After five surgeries in as many hours he was dead on his feet, and he prayed that the triage line had not grown after the last round of shelling that had just rocked the field hospital.
“I love these, by the way,” he said, touching one of the bee pins. “They’re absolutely adorable.”
It was nothing like that in Afghanistan. There was dust, blood, and for good measure, chunks of mixed dust and congealed blood that dried cement-like onto his boots, uniform, and any tools he couldn’t get sterilised fast enough.
When he saw the card, he was glad that he had: the picture on the front was exactly the sort of classic British Christmas that he was missing. A country estate house, complete with trimmed hedges and decorated pines, nestled amid a comfortable drift of snow. The photo looked professionally done, but when he opened the card he saw that it was more personal than that.
“You, John Watson, have no right to-“ the man had hissed, “if you cause harm to Sherlock Holmes through your association with him, do not be deluded: I will crush you with the level of vengeance only a wronged Slytherin can muster. ”
At some point he realized he was about to pass out, and his last thought was a wave of gratitude for the impending unconsciousness.
“Your terms are acceptable,” Sherlock replied.
“Mmmph,” Sherlock mumbled, toeing off his shoes as his knees hit the bed and he flopped face-first into the duvet.
“We’re supposed to write a Christmas card to a British soldier for school. They gave us cards at school but they are the most inane thing you can imagine, and I don’t think you would want that. This is a picture of my house from last Christmas eve that Mummy had printed on cards for this year. We didn’t get this much snow this year, but you get the general idea. Cosy, festive, et cetera. That is Latin for ‘and so forth’ if you didn’t know.
Well I know you sent it to him, what does he say? GL
Sherlock didn’t bother mumbling a reply; he knew John wasn’t looking for one. He closed his eyes, feeling the warmth (John, John, John) spreading through his bones, and gave a few more halfhearted licks at John’s wrist.
John stifled a giggle, then flipped the card over to look at the address: somewhere in Sussex.
“No, that’s right out, we’re going straight to the hospital! I’m surprised you aren’t in shock. Your temperature is way too low,” John said.
“A date?” John echoed back.
“Right.” John unbuttoned the cuff of his shirt, then rolled it up above his elbow. Sherlock rolled onto his other side and buried his face in John’s elbow.
John was examining a body. With Lestrade, and without him, Sherlock. This was certainly the end, though no matter how Sherlock arranged and rearranged his memories of their more recent interactions with the DI he couldn’t find any angle from which it made sense. But clearly John had decided to end their…whatever it was, and now preferred to go on cases with Lestrade.
The same message I’m used to seeing is divided into two little blue bubbles on the screen, dated several hours ago, from just after my phone died I guess.  There’s a vague, fuzzy thought, like maybe that signifies something--seems important--but before I can work out exactly what I’m asleep again.
Does Molly know Sherlock is using the Bart's pathology lab at 4 am? Probably not!
“I’ll get there, love,” John promised, picking up a pillow to place it under Sherlock’s lovely bum. With John’s mouth dangerously close to his leaking cock, Sherlock curled his toes, anticipating his first ever blow job. But John, surprising as ever, ignored Sherlock’s cock and went farther down to graze his lips against Sherlock’s fluttering hole.
On a date with another woman he met at a pub, then, Sherlock thought glumly. Figures. He draped the duvet over his shoulders and settled into the sofa.
Partly formed plans for escape bloomed before him, and Sherlock grinned.
“I…I wanted to,” Sherlock whispered. “I know you said—and I haven’t ever— I didn’t—but—and I wanted to so I did.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Good,” John replied. At some point he had unbuttoned his cuffs, or maybe he had never refastened them after last night, Sherlock couldn’t be sure, and then John’s wrist was pressed against his lips and John, John, John was the only thought he could keep in his head.
“Sherlock. It’s fine,” John said. “I’m surprised you wanted to actually, after…”
My hands are shaking and I try to set my phone down on the desk but end up dropping it in the waste basket. I fish it out (again: why hands shaking? It’s an error in the app’s code or something. It’s nothing) and hit the little blob at the bottom of the non-conversation that brings up the keyboard, which suddenly seems too small for my hands and I keep hitting wrong keys and having to go back and delete--
John was quiet for a long moment, thinking.
You would have liked it, though. Would have said patient was suffering from paranoid delusions. JW
Sherlock held the offending calendar out to Donovan, pinching only the corner of it between two fingers. “I don’t want this,” he repeated.
“I think you will once you see what it is,” Donovan sang. “It’s sort of a present for John too, really...”
John’s breathing hitched and Sherlock turned away.
Sherlock shook his head. “Not cold.”
“Did you, ah,” John always paused, as if he had run out of air unexpectedly in the middle of the sentence, “did you take your pills yet?”
This mess
“Sherlock Holmes, you are welcome to bleed on me any day of the year,” John said. “No, sorry, that didn’t come out quite right. What I mean is--“
“Sherlock, dear, is John back yet?” Mrs. Hudson called as she deposited a plate of biscuits on the kitchen table.
And I hear “Goodbye, John” in the exact same tone
it’s just like last time
John hauled a protesting Sherlock to his feet, and together they made their way back to the cab.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, his hands gripping the doctor’s arms. “I know we just had our first kiss but––w-would you––would you think it improper if I asked you to take me to bed right now?”
When Sherlock opened his eyes again he glanced immediately from left to right, dread heavy in his stomach, scanning the crooks of his elbows for the mark. A small red puncture, perfectly positioned over the vein. Sherlock moaned, trying to sit up. The clotted blood over the wounds he had sustained (blood clotted, nose feeling sort of...stretched, and a bit itchy--several hours must have elapsed between the previous time of consciousness and now) cracked in places as he moved, and it was with effort that he hauled himself upright.
“Mmm,” Sherlock mumbled drowsily, settling back against the sofa cushions.
S O D  O F F  SH
His phone buzzes, and he fishes it out of his pocket with the hand that isn’t supporting Sherlock.
John squared his shoulders and gave a brief nod. “Fine.”
“Fine. I think the murderer sent that numbers station look-alike message to the Yarders to lure them out to his little murder nest. He’s probably expecting us,” Sherlock said.
“You’re cold again, yeah?” John asked, touching the back of his hand to Sherlock’s forehead, which was glacially cold. “And the pills will help?”
‘What’s all this then?“ John asked, sniffing the air. “You’re baking? Since when do you bake?”
A fierce look came over Sherlock’s face, and he drew out his own wand, muttered an incantation that John
“Are you crying?“
“Okay,” John replied. “Do you want to—”
Sherlock read. “I don’t want this.”
John took a long drink and was silent for a moment.
Sherlock froze. How had he not noticed that John was still in the room? His eyes being shut for most of the time he had been awake seemed a paltry excuse.
“Still think we could have come during the day, when this place was open, rather than breaking in though,” John added.
Sherlock gasped in surprise, a surge of lust shooting up his belly when he realized how easily John had picked him up off the floor. His John. His strong, wonderful John who was about to take him to bed. Sherlock shivered at the thought.
“Definitely,” John said. “This is amazing. I can’t believe you made this when you were 19.”
Then John was kneeling beside the sofa, a hand on his shoulder, and—“Fuck! You’re freezing!”
This message could not be delivered.
“It was, it was really great,” John said with relief, accepting the card back.
“Oh, paying attention again are you?” Lestrade asked. “Either you two are coming down here and giving statements before noon or you are banned from cases indefinitely. You know that chief inspector is still on my arse about you consulting.”
He has ignored me for longer than I can attribute to one of his sulks. MH
“S’alright,” John said, smoothing the fabric of the dressing gown flat against Sherlock’s shoulder. “I was out late but I’m back now. You didn’t take your pills, did you?” He tried to prevent himself from sounding hopeful, from making what they were doing into something that it was clearly not, for Sherlock anyway.
“I can read, Sherlock. Ye’ve got stron-strontium hydride on the counter and—fuck! Does that one have mercury in it?” John pointed at the offending vial.
This message could not be delivered.
Mike laughed. “Like what?”
“Well––he seems like a nice guy,” the doctor mused, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Okay, okay,” John sighed, raising his hands in defeat. “Just––just be careful, alright?”
“It’s almost as if you’re one of my vital organs now, John. It’s inconvenient, really. I used to think I was better off alone but now, when I try to imagine life without you, I find the thought so unbearable that––mmmpphhh!!!”
Sherlock knew this from experience, of course. When he has first realized the truth of what had been done to him—that it was not merely a drug-induced hallucination but a grim, physical reality—he had tested his body’s new limits in every way he could think of. He knew exactly how long he could go between pills, and exactly how much extra time taking more than his usual dose (two) pills would give him.
“I swear it’s not drugged.” Greg shook his head and handed the wine glass to John. “You really should try it, though.”
Almost there.
“How nice that you’re working together again,“ Mrs. Hudson says, setting a flowered teapot on the table and pulling out a chair for herself.
“I know where you were when you lost consciousness originally, in your boat,” Mycroft said. “If I can deduce where he would have taken you from that location, well--” Mycroft waved at the board, at Molly and Lestrade. “Then all of this is unnecessary.“
“It’s deeper than I thought,” John said as he finished with the iodine. “I’d feel better about this if you let me put a few stitches – eight at the most. It’s not long but it’s deep. ”
Lestrade eyed him suspiciously, as though John were trying to pull one over on him, but John didn’t crack a smile and eventually Lestrade had to believe him.
It hasn’t happened again since then. I don’t know what he was trying to say with that message, but I’m listening now, Sherlock.
“Since apparently two saturdays before christmas is a busy weekend and there aren’t many cabs free, and I don’t want that,” Sherlock said, a note of irritation entering his voice.
The sharp prick of the needle on the skin of his inner arm was his signal to return his awareness to his body. Sherlock had been inside his mind palace before while high, and it was not an experience he cared to repeat if at all possible.
Seasonal Fucking Cheer 2016 Ficathon Day 9: "Fruitcake and other things that separate us."
Sherlock paused in the doorway, turned and faced John as he tied his scarf. “Yes,” he lied.
I've updated the tags with this one; I'm not sure if what I thought I was hinting at in a certain scene of this chapter will come across to you all or not but I thought I should tag just to be safe. Please let me know if you think it worked/didn't work. This fic is a bit more daring than the kind of thing I usually write.
“Don’t be an idiot, John.”
“Cmon, let me in! I just want to talk about this,” John yelled, hitting the door so hard that it rattled on the hinges.
“Do you...do you want to go for a cuppa?” John asked, when the sounds of Mike’s footsteps had faded.
The man was never inventive. If he had a knife, he cut or gouged with it. If he had a pack of cigarettes, he burned with them. That visit had been particularly difficult for Sherlock. It never even occurred to the man to use his lighter for something other than lighting the cigarettes with which to burn Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced from the pills to the first aid kit, then back to John.
“I might do, yeah, if I thought you would actually answer them,” John said. “But I fancy I know you pretty well, Sherlock Holmes. So you are going to have a drink, and then we’re both going to have a cuppa, and then we’re going to go give our statements at the Yard.”
This letter, then, the first of many that Sherlock had written to him, John had kept under his pillow for four years, until…
“Right. I’ll go.”
“I am endeavoring to explain to you that whatever change you have observed, or think you have observed in my brother happened when he was….beyond my reach, and that I can give you no more information than you already possess. It is rather more likely that you know more than I,” he finished.
“A person whom I happen to be dating, officially now,” Greg said, grinning. “Side benefit of that, I find out all kinds of delightful things about a certain chemist’s past.”
“Oh,” he breathed as he figured it out. John looked confused. He should explain. He really should. He shouldn’t tease him about it, as the rest of the school undoubtedly has been doing all day long, judging from the tense set of John’s shoulders. John clearly hadn’t done it on purpose. And remarkably, John somehow did not know that he had done it at all.
was scrawled in sullen, messy handwriting, and the bit of anxiety that had started to grow in his stomach lessened. Okay. It wasn’t somehow bad news about Harry, then. Good. Good.
John thumbs the safety back on his gun, then sticks it in the back of his waistband.
A few minutes later, John thought he heard sniffles, but turned and walked to the front door in a daze.
“Uh, well, do you know where you saw it last?” John was honestly trying to help. How perfectly John-like of him. Sherlock stifled a giggle.
This message could not be delivered.
Time passed.
(thank you for reading!)
Or would be, if Sherlock felt capable of executing any higher-level brain functions at all at the moment. Stumbling along aside John as they made a relatively slow escape from this (apparently) underground bunker brought into crystal focus just how much the past few weeks had taken out of him.
You are coming back right you better be. JW
August.”
Greg glanced at John, who up to this point had been silent. “Wait, what?”
I wish you,
“Geometrical magic, as you all know, has a long and storied history, ” Professor Vector began. Professor Vector’s voice never failed to put John to sleep, and today was no exception.
John had shifted in his chair uncomfortably. “Do I-do I know you?” He had asked.
“I think they probably know already,” John said, trying to lighten the mood. “Don’t your types put sorting announcements in the Daily Prophet?”
First and foremost: if you read this and think that there are other tags/warnings that would be appropriate that I have not added already, PLEASE TELL ME ASAP. I don't want to blindside anyone with something they don't want to see. I've added the non-con tag because there is a small amount of non-con contact in this chapter. If that is not something you want to read, let's part here as friends. (See you over in This Message Could Not Be Delivered later on this week!)
“John?” Sherlock’s craned his neck to peer over his shoulder at John. From where he stood in the doorway, John could see that his flatmate’s shoulders were shaking.
“They would be pleased to hear that, I think,” Sherlock replied. He stuck his wand back in his pocket, then plucked the now tear-sodden petal from the air. “Besides, you’ve met one of them already. And by all accounts, you weren’t terrified.”
John didn’t want to, but he couldn’t think of any good reason to refuse to hand him the envelope when he had already let him handle the card.
Probably. JW
The hiss of the tea kettle from the kitchen drew Sherlock out of his reverie. Who--? Ah. Mrs. Hudson, most likely, judging from the plate of her cinnamon-sugar biscuits that had appeared beside it. A mug with a finger of milk in it sat beside the plate of biscuits, and Sherlock felt a stab of guilt that his playing had caused her to be concerned, but...he was grateful for the hot water. Sherlock poured it into the mug and dropped in a bag of tea from John’s stash, his bruised fingers fumbling a little with the lid of the tea tin. He closed his eyes, listening to the boiled water in the kettle settle now that it was unplugged, then after a few moments, took a sip of tea.
Well, I do not care in the slightest about Lestrade’s weird breakthrough.  I have a potential scarlet fever (oh I hope not) case to see to. I put on a mask and go out to the exam room.
“Heard you’ve been away, in Afghanistan getting shot at,” Mike said. “What happened?”
John took his time in preparing Sherlock, soothing him with kisses and hushed praises.
Sherlock blinked. “Are—are you sure? It’s…I mean, I’m told it can be—a lot. I’ve never…” He fiddled with the edge of the duvet.
It was a very, very sharp knife, Sherlock deduced dully, because the man was hardly applying any pressure this time either, and yet the (he forced down the word, not allowing himself to think it) was almost more than he could take. Why were there so many damn nerve endings on the skin of his nose anyway? Must remember to ask John at the first opportunity.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock said. “Do look at what you are wearing.”
“Of bloody well course I do,” John growled. “That’s not the point.”
“I don’t see that we do,” Sherlock said, blowing on his tea to cool it.
The man’s’--no,
John got out of bed, took off his clothes and wrapped a towel around his waist. He then made his way down the stairs. When he reached the living room, Sherlock was nowhere to be found. Considering the long day they had, John presumed that his friend was already sleeping.
I don’t know. I don’t know what all he knows about me, about when I was in the army or before. “Three Continents Watson”: he knows about the nickname, at least. I suspect he doesn’t know what it means. I suspect: that my flatmate, my Sherlock, is asexual. I’m not going to be that guy who’s convinced that he can turn the asexual gay. I’m not the prowling, sexually greedy bi man you see on the telly. I’ve too much respect for Sherlock to try to do that to him.
"You have no idea what you're doing at all, do you love?" Johns voice was fond.
“I’ll—I’ll understand if you don’t want to,” John replied hastily. “I just—I like it, and I like that it makes you not cold.”
He didn’t feel the slightest twinge of guilt at the relief that showed on John’s face.
Sherlock tried to roll away, felt the biting pain again as some loose gravel on the cold concrete flood gritted into the wound on his back, but he tried to ignore it and put more space between himself and the man, because he could not, could not let him--
“Sherlock?”
“Piss. Off.” John says. Cosplay Moriarty leers at them. Or more probably, at Sherlock.
And it had taken him some time, longer than he cared to admit, but Sherlock had eventually worked out that Doctor John “Not Gay” “Three Continents” Watson was bisexual. Of this Sherlock was certain. All available evidence indicated that John was not interested in Sherlock.
Well. It hardly mattered, on his end of the situation. Whether or not John knew he was coming he still had another week at sea at least, until he could reach the eastern coast of Scotland and swap his guide as a hobby fisher for a rucksack and rambling gear and make his way to his outpost bolthole. He glances down at the foot--still purple, larger than the other. Probably infected. Still broken, healing at a substandard rate. He resolves to keep an eye on it (to what end: no doctor on board this boat, if all goes according to plan, no contact with other humans until he’s far inland in Scotland), catalogue the damage.
With that pronouncement, John turned abruptly and headed for the door. If he was slightly too tipsy to catch the muttered “damn goldfish” that followed after him, well, that was probably for the better.
“I can’t today, I’m, er...out of town,” John finishes lamely.
“Sherlock. It’s fine. I think I—I think I get what you’re saying,” John said, tracing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “You ah. You had a bit of a crush?”
The tall beauty slipped into his blue robe and rushed downstairs to meet his awaited guest.
“You’re three years older than me, but only two years ahead of me here at school. Care to remind me why that is?” Sherlock kept his tone light, but a degree of tension unlike anything John had seen before had crept into his eyes.
"Um. Well. Theoretically––" Sherlock trailed off a bit.
John thought.
“I am fine. You are fine. Go to sleep, yeah?” John tucked the afghan back around Sherlock’s shoulders as he stood and pushed him gently back down into the sofa. “I’m going to stay and keep an eye on you, for a bit.”
“Speck of shaving cream below your left ear, classic giveaway that you live alone,” Sherlock replied impatiently. “Who. Is. The Letter. From.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Chapter 1: Adagio
3:14 AM
“What?”
He paused, chuckling to himself at the irony of him walking up to Sherlock, insensible and exposing his neck, and the sound of a familiar voice was finally enough to wake the detective.
“Come here,” John said, and Sherlock turned to look up at John, but didn’t move.
John looked as though he was about to say something, but Sherlock’s phone rang. He answered it to a tirade from Lestrade, who had clearly worked himself up into a fury before calling.
Sherlock Holmes scratched his head and then burrowed deeper into the duvet.
“Fine, I’m texting you some pictures but only if you promise to send them to him right away,” Lestrade pleads. “We’re really out of our depth here.”
“I’m glad we went,” Sherlock said eventually.
Well well well brother mine, sentiment? How like you. MH
“John, come on.” Sherlock had looped his hand through John’s elbow and was steering him towards Hufflepuff tower.
John blinked in surprise. He didn’t even realize there was another person in the room. John turned around and saw a good-looking man in the corner, sitting behind an easel. For some reason, something hot and unpleasant surged up inside John’s chest. Still, he forced a smile as the other man gave him a greeting nod.
me here,” John finished.
Three of the not-coast guards have pulled out guns.
“I’m no more flammable than you are and I’m not cold,” Sherlock insisted.
“He sounds nice,” John said absently, straightening his spine as they approached the morgue doors.
“I’m not going to touch it,” he said, aware as the words left his mouth that he sounded like a petulant child who refused to eat his dinner.
“Oh. I. Oh,” Sherlock blushed and looked away as he figured it out.
“Everyone’s phone will ring at once, and when we answer them, there’s nobody on the other end, just weird music and a recorded message,” Lestrade said. “It’s freaked quite a few people out and they’ve stopped answering.”
“Are you serious?” John asked.
“Seeing some of these gifts, I am beyond glad we didn’t agree to be part of the Yard’s secret santa exchange,” John muttered to Sherlock. “This is painful to watch.”
John, John.
“Tha’s literally lye.”
Getting shot changed everything, except that it changed nothing. Instead of looking down into the eyes of a terrified and bleeding soldier while he fished bullets out of them as gently as he could, John was looking up into the terrified eyes of another unit’s surgeon while blood dripped from a shallow cut on the woman’s forehead as she tried to remove shrapnel from his shoulder as gently as she could.
“What’s that you’ve got?” Sherlock replied.
“Always so dramatic, John.”
They said in silence, then for a long time. The sun began to set and eventually Sherlock sniffled and spoke.
And yet, when the man stopped, apparently regarding the fourteen ragged dots along Sherlock’s right shoulder as sufficient, and drew a vial and syringe out of his suit jacket’s pocket (Westwood again, and a different one every day. Sherlock was beginning to wonder if this design house gave a discount to sadistic lunatics), Sherlock knew what had to come next, what the man would expect if he were truly the addict—
“I bled on you,” Sherlock said guiltily.
No time, at the surgery. JW
“Er. We’re dealing with some sort of copycat, I think. Seems to admire Moriarty, dresses like him anyway, sometimes mimics things he said on TV when he was--before Bart’s. Think he was playing ‘discredit the detective’ his own way, or trying to. Stupid though. Didn’t calculate his doses right. Didn’t give me anywhere near as much as I was taking, back when-- when. He never gave me enough to, you know. I’m not addicted.” Sherlock said all of this very quickly. John was moving, and weirdly. Swaying back and forth a little, like he was trying to dance but didn’t quite know how.
John stiffened.
“It’s fine. It’s all fine. Come on, Lestrade is expecting us,” John said.
Everything was not, in fact, fine. Lestrade swore and cradled his bleeding arm, while John ducked, narrowly avoiding the fist of the man who had followed him first out of the surgery and then around the corner a few blocks until John had turned into an alleyway and confronted him.
“Sherlock?” John called out.
“Come on, budge over,” John said, leaning closer to Sherlock and laying his wrist (warm, Jawn, John, Sherlock’s sleepy brain supplied helpfully) across Sherlock’s mouth. “A nightcap, shall we say?”
By the time they got into a cab, Sherlock was deep in his mind palace. John was talking, of course, he could tell from the tone of voice that he was asking questions, but it wasn’t important. Predicting what they would find at the flat was important. The old numbers station had stopped broadcasting in the early 90’s; it was unlikely that the equipment would have been abandoned there. Not too many vacant lots in that neighborhood, no, the property would have been sold, possibly more than once, and whoever the new owners were….well, balance of probabilities their murderer was not using his own home as a murder base, so that meant he either had the owners’ permission (unlikely) or he was using the property (or part of it, basement most likely) without their knowledge. Add in the phone messages to the Yarders’ phones, mimicking an old numbers station, it was almost as if…
Sherlock fiddled with the strap of his watch, eyeing the second hand as it moved past the six. Nine fifty seven and thirty two seconds precisely. John never stayed at work that late. Had he finally asked out the new receptionist? Sherlock admitted to himself that while distasteful, it was a possibility. Especially since they weren’t—well, since they weren’t. It was something that John might have done.
“Fine.” Sherlock said, not taking his eyes off the almost-boiling water.
John and Sherlock get pulled into the secret santa drama at the NSY Christmas party.
It wasn’t the morgue: he had spent plenty of time in medical school working on dissections late at night, a scalpel in one hand and a sandwich in the other. Had spend plenty of time in
“What? I know that Oh. Tell me,” John commanded.
“We’re busy, Lestrade,” Sherlock replied when his phone quieted down.
This message could not be delivered.
The locker room’s not so well lit (bet he’d have a thing or two to say about that-“perfect setting for a murder-the killer could be hiding practically anywhere and you wouldn’t see him with your eyes glued to your phone screen”) and I need to do some paperwork anyway, so I head down the hall to my (“Dull!” he would say) office where I’ve got a desk lamp that has a pretty strong light.
Sherlock was dying. He was sure of it. The hot, delicious drag of John’s cock sliding in and out of his body was maddening. He never imagined it could be this incredible. He could feel John’s heart beating so close to his own. It almost felt like they had become one person. There was nothing but John. Everything was John. It was all too much but not enough at the same time. He wanted to crawl inside John’s skin and never leave. He wanted more. So much more. And he was frightened by how much he wanted. Oh, how he wanted.
In John’s experience, a rescue operation that seems to be going well is always about to go completely to shit.
Dear readers,
“Lube,” John rasped out, finally taking off his towel. With great effort, Sherlock lifted his head to watch John strip himself. Now that he had a much better view than earlier in the bathroom, Sherlock’s mouth watered at the sight of John’s larger-than-average cock. It was much thicker than he had deduced.
Some hours later, when Sherlock became aware again, he took inventory of his person. Bruises: surprisingly few, sustained when trying to avoid the first injection. Cuts: several, some deep, but many superficial. Possibly intentional; the man may intend to “play” with him for an extended period of time. Punctures: two. He swallowed. Dehydration level: mild. Floor: concrete. Chair: missing. Clothes: as intact as could be expected. Sherlock shifted so that his hands were, while still handcuffed, at least in front of him, and laid back to count the minutes until withdrawal hit in order to better estimate how long he had been unconscious.
'How do people usually react?'
Despite all this John hadn’t felt the same gut wrenching, soul destroying loss he had when Sherlock had 'died’; he thought less of himself because of it but he had to admit the truth, if only to himself, Sherlock had… Sherlock does mean more to John than Mary ever could have. The decision to move back to Baker Street hadn’t worried him at all, it felt like the most natural choice; sure they’d have to change to accommodate John’s single father status but he never questioned the move.
Except for the doors, which were locked, bolted, boarded, and chained. Unlike the entrances of so many of the other ransacked buildings, this portal seemed to have held against the undead intruders. The posters around it and along the walls were blood-splattered and torn at the edges, but it was still as clear to John that
HOW DO PEOPLE UPDATE ON A REGULAR BASIS?!?! what is a schedule???
) had transformed into astonishment when John’s last semi-conscious action was to smile at S and murmur, “Absolutely fantastic.”
He tugged Labcoat’s sleeve and gestured to the fire escape hanging down the far wall. High ground.
not finished.”
She looked taken aback, but S saw a spark of something in her eyes before John’s yelling caught his attention.
Happy reading!
In his solitary existence, he tried not to think about the horrid things. But with John around, S found himself thinking a lot more, and now he cursed his willing ignorance.
No matter what he said, John was not safe outside the Citadel. Particularly not with all these corpses walking around. John made a point to stare as one of them passed by a couple of feet away and then turned back to the dark-coated corpse who has dragged him here and raised his eyebrows. “Uh-huh.” He did his best to convey his skepticism in those two syllables without alerting the other corpses to his still-alive-thank-you-very-much status.
Greg Lestrade, former Lieutenant of Her Majesty’s Royal Marines, straightened his back and smirked. A little flirting could go a long way.
Okay, you guys have been ULTRA sweet with your comments, and I love them, and I am coming around to reply to them soon, and THANK YOUUUU for being patient with me!!!
S sighed. He might not have full control of his voice yet, but that sigh communicated every bit of frustration and disdain he felt John was inflicting upon him. “It helps.” He said finally.
Mycroft drew in a quick breath. Lestrade’s anger was intriguing. “Your loyalty is charming,
, he thought with a grim smile.
And now he’d lost them both in a single mission. A mission loosely rationalized as contributing to development of countermeasures but solidly based on his desire to search St. Bart’s for his long lost brother.
But when the thing had straddled him and just...looked, John had to take notice.
“No idea.” S whirled away to inspect the edges of the room, ducking and leaning and all-in-all looking as ridiculous as John supposed a talking, texting, high-level-thought-thinking zombie ought to.
It took him less than four minutes to find the right corpse.
had been premiering before the crisis as it was that no one would be performing it tonight.
John shook his head. “No, not even any accidental deaths. It was early days. I actually treated one of the wounded. All of them needed antipsychotics and superficial care, but no one died or was...turned.” He looked around the room. “I never even saw the place.”
Did that mean S had begun occupying this place immediately after he’d been ‘turned’ or was there a period of time between his turning and his consciousness? How long?
Mary paled. “John.” She grabbed his shoulder before he could slide through the door to retrieve Stamford. “What did he tell you?”
“Fantastic,” he said, but now that the thought of what S had been like as a living, breathing human had intruded, he couldn’t get it out of his head.
feel free to hit me up on my
human. All the rhetoric of the damn crisis had gotten him to the point where even he had started treating them like animals, like objects.  This corpse had once lived a life, once been a man with impulses and desires.
To that purpose, John and Mike Stamford had been tasked with acquiring synergistic pharmaceuticals to strengthen the living population. The means by which Minister Holmes planned to introduce these new measures was above both their pay grades.
The dark woman ran through the door, aiming a few last shots behind her, and wedged it shut behind her. “More coming. We’ll have to take the fire escape.” She gestured with her weapon.
But then John had
He removed his hand and leaned in, inhaling deeply against his neck. No amount of rotten blood would erase his delectable scent, but he had done a great deal to mask it.
S opened his mouth to reply, but before he could say a word, a tearing shriek interrupted the strangely intimate moment. Their heads snapped toward the sound, and at the sight that greeted them filled John with horror.
“Counting.”
The voice practically shouted, and he realized in his dithering that he had allowed the gap between him and relatively certain death to close. These weren’t friendly coat-wearing genius zombies, and he would do well to remember that.
They’d found him at Bart’s, blood on his face, no signs of intelligence behind his eyes. He’d tried to bite Mycroft’s agents, showed no recognition of Anthea or his own brother. Any trace of the criminal he’d been chasing long gone or locked away, inaccessible, in Sherlock’s ruined brain.
Holding hands with a corpse, walking down the street like they were headed for a Sunday afternoon picnic, surrounded by other corpses who could not seem to care less.
S tilted his head to rest on the back of the chair and brought his hands up in their steepled, prayer-like pose again. “Safe. Known. Close.”
John clenched and unclenched his fists on the other side of the door before setting off for the labs to find Stamford. Mycroft had mentioned that Mary had become important to the establishment early on. John assumed it had something to do with her arms training, a skill she had (thankfully) learned from her father before he’d been struck down in the crisis. It was no surprise to him that those skills made her valuable to Mycroft. It was a surprise, however, to learn that she had become so important so quickly.
“S,” he asked, choosing his words carefully, “do you remember anything about who you used to be, you know…before?”
S groaned (a far more normal sound for a corpse, in John’s opinion) and pointed at him. “You...ssoldier.” He stopped and waited.
He smiled and turned to John, who was staring at their still-joined hands. “Jjjjjjohhn,” he forced out. He was not used to speaking. Labcoat had never required it, and honestly, he could not ever remember being too fond of it (or people) in the first place. But needs must.
“Wh--” S stepped back and cleared his throat, eyebrows crinkled. “Wha-at?”
In all the strangeness, he’d let it drift from his mind, and God, he wished it had stayed that way. Things had been a little forced between them, sure. Secrets kept from each other, pasts better left untold. He didn’t even remember the last time they’d slept in the same bed, with all her night watch shifts. He hadn’t even gotten to say goodbye, to fix things.
She shrieked, still squeezing rounds into the wall and ceiling as she fell. He scoffed inside. The fool was lucky she hadn’t killed the rest of her group. Poor control. She would be no loss to the living.
, that moment and gestured for them to follow silently. They were approaching the labs.
They stepped inside a dance studio intended for The Royal Ballet. Other than the storage room they’d slept in (well,
John gaped as S swung the laden coat in a wide circle around himself, knocking corpses to the floor and giving them space to maneuver.
He turned from his position nearly out the window, thinking quickly. Not quickly enough. If the man had lost his will to live, he might as well be dead anyway. At least then he’d be safe--
Perhaps that was for the best. Besides, he hadn’t confirmed his deductions. What if he’d made a critical mistake?
There were brains in his pocket. John was not likely to enjoy that--but then, he wasn’t likely to enjoy anything about this plan.
Mycroft stared as the door clicked shut, nonplussed.
John had been particularly vocal in his praise of S’s deductive skills. Even S’s own recovering mind knew that it was not normal for a corpse to function this way. He deduced he had already been rather a genius before he died (although the details of that life were still frustratingly elusive), so it should not have been any surprise to hear it confirmed by a living human. But it was a human whose opinion he cared about. A man he...cared about. And that man seemed...quite chuffed to be in his company.
“Mary?” His voice was little more than a whisper, eyes flashing dark fire across the room, but ‘John’ was too far away to do anything, and more dead had heard the chaos and were converging on the building. Knowing he could do nothing for her, he turned and continued to competently dispatch the others.
Maybe being around a living human being was having an effect on his appetite.
“About me.”
He cut off the protest with a hand over his mouth and shushed him once more. Now, to try for some actual communication. “Fffff-ffrrriennd.” He pointed at himself.
S raised an eyebrow and nodded at him, as if following his thought process. He held up the phone with a mere two words on the dimmed screen.
He unsteepled his hands and sat up, touching his face.
S forcefully pulled himself from the memory, spitting out his mouthful of grey matter with horror and disgust. Was that what John had just seen? No wonder he’d fainted.
John nodded. Yes, he supposed they had better. From what he could remember--
If he could catch John’s scent, then so could the others. Around him, he noticed more dead starting to gain interest, staggering away from him toward the enticing scent. Feeling rather animalistic, he raised his head and inhaled deeply, getting a lungful of the unique scent. Taking another long breath, he began to follow the trail as well. He had to get to John first. Faster.
S held his gaze, waiting.
of fear. Of the risk. The unknown. He hadn’t felt this kind of calm exhilaration in the face of death since he was on the frontlines. Was that really something he wanted to experience again?
” he took a breath, “I had a hidden agenda.” This time, he returned Mycroft’s gaze, his dark eyes flashing.
John could see the safe part, definitely, and it made sense that the posh man S had clearly been would know the theatre fairly well, but close? “Close to what?”
He cleared his throat uncomfortably. “So, what made you decide to live in the theatre?”
John was rifling through a stack of clothes laid upon a chair in the corner. The man was bound and determined to find something of use in this theater. His first priority seemed to be food, but so far, they’d looked in several storerooms and dressing rooms and found nothing.
“Don’t coddle the murder-babies, Lestrade,” she murmured right back.
Anyway, enjoy and know that I love you all so much for reading and making me feel like this is actually worth reading. Stay safe and lovely, my friends! <3
Yep, either dead or crazy.
It had never occurred to S to question where he came from. He’d wondered who he was before, what he’d done, who had known him, how he’d died, but all of that was before his death. After his death, he remembered everything; he’d just never bothered to make the connection between the two.
S kept going, still stroking doors. “The first...thing I...remember,” he paused at another door then went into the room, “is here.”
“Shhhh…” he shushed the living man, mimicking his absent companion. “Shhhh…”
The dead man finally released him from his gaze as he appeared to be thinking quite hard. His hand rose in a prayer-like position under his chin, and his mouth pursed into several different shapes, but no sound emerged. Finally, he opened his eyes again and looked at him. “Jjj...”
At that pace, they quickly outstripped the horde of dead and found themselves in a quiet car park. He placed John gently on the tarmac. The man barely stirred, likely exhausted from the ordeal, but he still smelled
“Don’t bother,” Mary cut in before Billy could accept the offer. “He needs to pick up that great bloody knife and remember how to use it to actually protect himself.” She nudged the piece on the ground before a silver-haired man grabbed it and helped him up, taking care not to jostle his arm.
It was an activity John took no pleasure in. As a doctor, he was constantly haunted by the knowledge that all of these supposed creatures were once (and likely still) human. They deserved respect and healing. Even the soldier in him winced at the desecration of the bodies post-mortem, although the practice certainly was not uncommon in war zones, even Before.
Ah, yes. John handed the phone back to the man. “You should just keep this. You’re clearly going to get more use out of it than I can.”
When they’d stopped after less than five minutes, John had to wonder if the whole bloody (
His stomach gurgled at the thought. When was the last time he had eaten? He’d stayed up late last night working on Minister Holmes’ recent orders, skipping dinner. He hadn’t had breakfast this morning because he’d been arguing with Mary about--
“Whuh?” He’d no idea what time it was, but he wasn’t ready to regain consciousness quite yet.
Thankfully, beating corpses in a foot race was still as easy as ever. Without rebar, they were forced to rely on the lock, but John did not plan on sticking around to find out how well it held.
“So you’re not going to eat me. I don’t really see why that’s funny.” His voice sounded a little strained even to his own ears. “So what are you planning to do with me, Mr. Zombie?”
John watched in amazement as S played with his phone. It was stupid, but now that he knew the dead man was not planning on eating him, he was starting to feel a kinship with him. It was possibly the most basic premise for a friendship that had ever existed, but that didn’t make it any less real.
Sherlock had been consumed by one of his mysteries at the time, chasing a shadow, a puppetmaster. Mycroft had been aware of it but could not afford to redirect his attention from international affairs. Sherlock was reckless, to be sure, but Mycroft had never imagined that he would lose himself so quickly.
S cut him off. “Bullet hole,” he said shortly. John suppressed his annoyance at the interruption; the man had only just starting talking again, but John had the feeling his days of being able to finish a sentence were numbered.
“What
Anderson shrugged. “Tried to warn you lot at Bart’s, but they came on so quick, it was all I could do to get back here alive.” Sally whirled away and walked ahead, seething.
First blood.
John thought he’d made a decent point, so he was surprised when S just grinned and reached into his pocket for his phone.
He shook his head at her, and she clearly became frustrated. “E-eat!” She nearly yelled it this time.
Labcoat was still backing away from the grey-haired man when he heard, “Greg! Everyone, sound off! Where’s Mary?”
S’s fingers rested against his lips once more.
“Llll...lab,” she uttered beside him. He nodded. Food was always prevalent in the lab because...because…
his hunger could ever be sated.
“Idiot!”
S dashed into the melee without a second thought, passing through the wall of dead with relative ease. There was a small space surrounding the booth, and as S watched, the closed shutters of the box’s window cracked open and revealed a sliver of sandy hair.
S smiled at John’s disbelief. Even the daintiest ballerina had her vices, and S knew well that the men and women who danced upon this stage were anything but fragile.
He growled slightly under his breath, somehow more aware than ever of the need to remain still and silent, even as his mind struggled weakly in the enforced stasis.
John’s eyes widened above his pale hand, shaking his head and causing more blood to smear across his face.
John reached down and massaged Sherlock’s balls as he sucked, rolling them in his palm; he released Sherlock’s dick to mouth at his balls. He took Sherlock in hand as he pulled first one then the other into his mouth.
‘Yes John, please! Please fuck me, I need you’ Sherlock straightened his arms and tried to push his ass closer to John. The doctor laughed once, a harsh pleased sound and pressed the tip of his cock against Sherlock. He pushed steadily until at once the head was inside, surrounded by tight glorious heat. John gasped as Sherlock whined clutching at the ties which bound him. He pushed forward slowly, retreating almost to the tip before going deeper with each push. Once he was fully engulfed by Sherlock’s body he took the man’s legs again, bending him almost in two he ground into the tight channel. He lent up to kiss the man, both groaning deep as John sat within him.
With a whine Sherlock felt John pull back before thrusting fully into him in one motion. He angled his hips until he found the small bundle inside Sherlock that made him cry out with pleasure and his prick jump; John had found his aim.
He was gorgeous, all smooth pale skin and sharp angular features; even his cupid’s bow was high and pronounced. God John wanted to see those lips stretched around his cock. Tall too, at least a head taller than himself, and dressed in a red robe and loose fitting trousers. He was noticeably younger than John's own 42 years, perhaps in his early twenties. His eyes were an amazing mixture of blues and greens and had taken in every inch of Johns physic before he had time to introduce himself. Already John felt himself start to stiffen, a dull throb low in his stomach.
‘You keep calling me… and no one’s ever…’ Sherlock said haltingly. John wasn’t surprised that Sherlock was a virgin, but still felt bad that no one had shown him any affection; he held the detective close to his chest and  started to rectify that injustice immediately.
'On your knees' John let go of his hair and Sherlock sank readily before him. He went to start unlacing John but the older man took both Sherlock’s hands and kissed the palms 'I want you to put your hands behind your back while you do it, just wait.' John looked into Sherlock’s eyes and undressed himself fully. He was glorious, tanned and muscular the only mark on his otherwise perfect body a large raised scar on his left shoulder, Sherlock found it fascinating until John removed his trousers, then Sherlock was distracted by a different part of him. John stepped back in front of Sherlock who tried to keep his eyes on John's face but failed to hide his lust for the surprisingly big hard cock which couldn't be more than a tongues length away.
He knocked softly on Mrs Hudson’s door aware Rosie could be asleep and not wanting to wake her, when Mrs  Hudson answered the door with Rosie on her hip he held his arms out and embrace his daughter 'Hello Rosie, were you a good girl for Mrs Hudson?’
‘Are you ready Sherlock? You already look debauched’ John stared lovingly down at the younger man.
Sherlock cried out and bucked against his leg 'yes John, oh god John yes, please. PLEASE I want you to!' John reached up and dragged Sherlock down by his curls, kissing him deeply he again pinched hard on the left. Dragging his lips away he looked deeply into Sherlock’s eyes and held up his right palm, ‘Lick.’ With his wet hand he pushed his way into Sherlock’s loose trousers and around the hard weeping cock. Sherlock’s head dropped back against the wall and John kissed and sucked the long pale neck as he stroked the length twisting over the head and rubbing a thumb through Sherlock’s fluids, it made his hand slicker still and he quickened the pace harder and faster, biting his neck and twisting his nipple until Sherlock moaned long and loud and his body convulsed, his release spilling into Johns hand and against the inside of his own trousers. It went on forever and his body felt like light itself. It was the most incredible moment for John who had kept stroking Sherlock through his pleasure and now supported him as he relaxed and slowly came back to his senses.
He wanted to make this the best John had ever had, he wasn't the most experienced but he was desperate to make it good. He kissed the head and took just the tip into his mouth sucking lightly; he used his tongue along the rim and John's hands tightened in his hair as he groaned with pleasure. A slight pushing on his head and he was taking more of John in. When he was almost half way it hit his throat, John pulled out to the tip and pushed back into his mouth, Sherlock tried to relax his throat and breathe through his nose and after a few tries he took John slightly deeper.
'First I want you on your knees. I want to see you suck me and I want to bury my hands in your gorgeous curls as I take my pleasure' Sherlock felt weak in the knees, almost as if he would fall then and do just as the doctor wanted 'You'd look so pretty I would want to finish right there and see you swallow all I'd give you but you're far too delicious to stop so soon. You're right, I want so badly to bring you pleasure too, I would undress you slowly.'
'Call me John, Sherlock, I want to hear you.' John plucked again at his chest and moved his hand across to the other side for the same torment 'I would torture you Sherlock, tie you down and bite and suck here until you were raw from it.'
By the time they got back to Baker Street John was disappointed he hadn’t thought to prolong the evening, he hesitated briefly before digging around in his pocket for the keys. Sherlock was waiting at the bottom of the steps 'I enjoyed tonight John’ he said shyly, looking more at his shoes than at John himself.
Sherlock’s hand gripped harder at the thought of John taking all his autonomy, all the choices and control he didn't want right then and taking care of him. He wanted to do exactly what John asked of him and he knew he wouldn't regret giving control over to this dangerous, fascinating army doctor.
'First I want to thank you, Rosie and I are really happy to be back at baker street, back with you’ he paused trying to gather his courage for this next part 'I’ve always felt at home with you, but lately I’ve been feeling  something new, something quite different’
'Just filing away the results of the pollen experiment’ Sherlock passed the milk to John and went searching for the biscuits, he fished some out and gave one to Rosie then leaned on the counter as he started munching.
‘Oh so lovely Sherlock’ He looked up at the younger man who was blushing above him ‘I want to make you feel so good baby, would you like that?’ John smirked as Sherlock’s weeping cock jumped slightly in his hand.
‘I’m not going anywhere love,’ John reassured the younger man. Sherlock was close to tears again; no one had ever treated him as well as John was. The way John was holding him like he was so precious, gently cupping Sherlock’s face while placing sweet kisses on his lips; it was too much for Sherlock to process.
‘Answer me properly when I ask you a question Sherlock.’ John gently smoothed his hand over the stinging skin ‘You don’t mind this?’
'Would you like it if it kissed you here?' John's finger brushed around Sherlock’s right areola, the younger man flinched and whined reaching down to stroke his aching cock but John caught his hand quickly and, taking the other wrist too, pushed it gently behind Sherlock’s back and held them tight with one hand. He backed Sherlock up against the wall and pinned him between it and his relentless hands.
John liked this man, here was someone who interested him in every way not just physically. 'Captain John Watson, doctor served in Wynberg and Pretoria. I don't know how you knew so much Sherlock but that was utterly brilliant.'
'Stamford warned me you could see everything a man wished to keep hidden, I had thought you merely researched but I booked under a pseudonym ' John took in the room as he spoke. Walls and furnishings in reds and purples gave a warm intimate feeling and the immense four poster bed in the centre left no confusion as to the room’s purpose.
John was again hit by a wave of sentimentality that forced him to look away lest Sherlock notice, he pushed a mug in the detective’s direction before taking a sip of his own tea; he regarded Sherlock over the rim of his mug as the younger man told him about his latest experiment. Something about the different types of pollen found in the city centre and how knowing the exact amounts in a given area one could tell exactly where someone had been, John tried to listened but found himself more interested in the way Sherlock fussed over Rosie and her soggy biscuit. Rosie wasn’t as impressed and chose that moment to start crying, putting down his mug John took his child  'Probably needs a change I’ll be right down’, he made his way upstairs to the room he and his daughter now shared. ………………………………………………………………………… Sherlock watched as John took Rosie up, unsure what the expression he had seen the doctor try to mask earlier had been, he put the milk back in the fridge and took his mug and biscuits into the lounge as he pondered. John had been doing this a lot more recently, hiding his true emotions when he thought Sherlock might notice; he needn’t have bothered, where John was concerned Sherlock had never been able to put his own emotions to the side enough to get an accurate reading of the doctor.
He'd searched all the brothels in London; hopefully this wasn't yet another wasted visit. The young man was, for all the trouble it took to find him and for want of a better word, cheap. Certainly not in appearance if the brothel mistress was to be believed and she told John he'd be well worth more if only he wasn't such a disagreeable youth. In fact John had been warned that he would not receive a refund even if he chose not to fulfil his business with Sherlock and that in fact he almost certainly wouldn't, but that if he did it would be well worth his spending more on a second visit.
John came in carrying a freshly changed happy baby; he put her in her play pen and sat in his chair to read the newspaper. Sherlock observed him for a moment, they had become closer than ever and Sherlock was happier  than he had been for a long time.
‘So smart’ a kiss to his cheek
Sherlock had never had so much pleasure without an orgasm before, John had played and pushed his body passed what he thought he could bare and now he was looking at Sherlock’s most intimate place as if he was just getting started. He should be embarrassed but John would never hurt him in a way they wouldn’t both enjoy. As John kissed his cheeks and licked his way between them Sherlock let himself be moved and used in any way John wanted, his head dropped back onto the pillows and he stopped trying to hold back the long satisfied groans.
‘God Sherlock, you’re so gorgeous, I want you so bad love’ John’s head fell back against the sofa as he pulled Sherlock’s ass down to rub along his almost painfully hard cock. Sherlock sat upright on John’s lap, one hand  went to steady himself on John’s shoulder while the other pinched and pulled at his sensitive nipples.
‘I love you, I always have’ Sherlock confessed.
‘Oh Sherlock, its ok.’ John noticed the tears rolling down Sherlock’s cheek; he pulled the detective into his arms ‘What’s wrong love?’
He resumed his position between Sherlock’s legs and kissed him while he held the young man’s hands in place. ‘Don’t move Sherlock, I want you just like this.’
Sherlock tried to circle his hips and control his own pleasure but John gave a series of smacks to his legs and arse which, while reclaiming control also made Sherlock moan and bask in the combined pain and pleasure. With hand and mouth on his cock and balls he brought Sherlock several times to the brink of ecstasy only to pull away and deny him release. Sherlock writhed and cried and begged for mercy and when John thought Sherlock could take no more he moved his hands to the back of his thighs and pushed them up to the young man’s chest, his second goal now bared fully for his enjoyment.
'Boer war obviously, come in Doctor' Sherlock stepped back and John passed in confidently.
'Lesser men perhaps. The most obvious detail should, of course, be the reason I'm here. You're correct in all your deductions. I was injured in combat and I did have a short marriage that was unfulfilling for both parties, I want company however I am unfortunately not easily impressed; somehow I don't think that will be an issue with you.' John may have been short in stature but he commanded a presence that even Sherlock with all his haughtiness could not resist, the doctor had advanced and now he stood mere inches in front of Sherlock who had fought all his instincts and stayed in his previous position. John smirked 'I want you to tell me what I want; I find it very arousing to see you deduce all, so tell me what I'm here for'
'Yep in the tin…tea?’ John asked already reaching for another mug 'new case or just reorganising?’ he asked filling both mugs
Sherlock gasped and nodded, he was painfully aroused by Johns attentions, his skin felt tight and ebullient where the doctor touched.
Sherlock got two glasses down from the cupboard, he heard Mrs Hudson’s door close and could feel his heart flutter as John ascended the stairs to their flat. The door opened and closed and he could hear John removing his jacket. Sherlock turned towards the door as John entered the kitchen; they stood for a moment unsure how to proceed. …………………………………………………………………………….
Their breathing was harsh and fast in the now quiet room; John lent up and kissed Sherlock as he slowly removed himself from his new favourite place. ‘You are the most amazing man I’ve ever met. And as soon as I can feel my limbs I’m going to carry you to that bath and worship you properly’
He remembered the fall, his hand faltered slightly at the memory before putting the tin away; sometimes he wished he didn’t remember the years he grieved for Sherlock, the pain of losing him had forced John into a marriage he thought would complete his life.
John circled Sherlock’s hole with his tongue, licking across it broadly and then pointing and teasing his way into the younger body. Sherlock tried to tilt his hips to find more pleasure but John pushed down firmly on his thighs and pinned him to the bed. He didn’t stop until he had his lips were flush to Sherlock’s skin, the rim loose and wet from his attentions and Sherlock shaking like a leaf.
Mutual pleasure
'Beautiful. So sensitive. I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you, waiting until our next meeting is almost too much.' John removed his hand and wiped it on his handkerchief 'That is if you're willing for me to come again?' John smiled up at Sherlock and stepped back slightly now the younger man could support himself again.
'Did you get any of those chocolate biscuits I like?’ Sherlock’s deep baritone voice asked as he entered, Rosie quietly clinging to his shirt
Sherlock drew in a shuddering breath as John took another half step closer
He wet his fingers and rolled the nipple roughly between them slotting his thigh between Sherlock’s legs and pushing it gently against the young man’s hard cock. 'Then when you could take no more I'd move lower....’
‘I’m want to taste you Sherlock’ He ran his hand down the detective’s chest and cupped his erection, ‘will you let me, love?’ he looked back into Sherlock’s eyes and gently kissed his lips. Sherlock nodded, John pulled off the young man’s trousers and pants in one; he took off both Sherlock’s socks and stood to remove his own clothing. When he returned to Sherlock the press of naked flesh finally meeting made them both groan in long anticipated pleasure.
Looking up at Sherlock he noticed the young man had his head thrown back and was pinching his own nipples, John brought a hand up to his mouth and wetted two fingers. As John took Sherlock’s cock back into his mouth he reached down with one hand to circle Sherlock’s virgin hole, and up with the other to bat one of Sherlock’s hands away and take over pinching; John slid just the tip of one finger into Sherlock’s tight hole as he pinched and rolled his nipple.  Sherlock let out a scream of delight as he came down John’s throat; John continued pinching and sucking until Sherlock was oversensitive.
John should, he'd been told, think of this first brief meeting as more of an interview than a one-time interaction and that if he and Sherlock took to each other he would be the only man that had ever wanted to return.
This brothel was one of the very few that actually took care of its staff and it was said that since Sherlock had arrived this reputation had been proved increasingly often; a well-connected benefactor or some such had apparently paid for more security staff, from the look of them it was no wonder guests complied with the rules. No guest was permitted to injure their chosen girl, or man if you went to the secret back rooms, and if any girl was hurt the repercussions would be swift and not quickly forgotten. As such most that chose to visit Sherlock ended up merely leaving before the allotted time swearing and in a blind rage.
'Oh she was wonderful dear, is Sherlock with you?’  'He’s already gone up, I know it’s a bit cheeky but would you be willing to watch Rosie tonight?’ He looked at her hopefully and saw a wide smile split her face 'Of course John dear I’d be more than happy to’ She took Rosie  back 'I’ve got enough nappies and formula so don’t worry about a thing’ Mrs Hudson assured John as she closed  the door 'Have fun dears’. ………………………………………………………………………………. Sherlock tried to calm himself as he took off his shoes and coat, John and he had been out for dinner together before, so why had tonight felt so different? Perhaps it was the wine but Sherlock couldn’t stop thinking about  the way Johns arm had been brushing against his as they walked home, it had taken all his will power not to take hold of John’s hand.
‘What about Rosie, do you think Mrs Hudson would mind looking after her for a little longer?’ Sherlock slowly made his way to the front door and took the keys from John’s hand, touching John was almost like getting a static shock, he could tell the doctor had felt it too; John’s pupils had diluted so much his eyes looked almost black. The detective turned, opened the door and walked to the bottom of the stairs before John could think to follow him.
Chapter 8:
“How--”
“N-no,” Sherlock sobbed, tears falling down his pretty face. “‘I’m n-not going to latht, John. N-need you in me––in me, now.”
“What a sad, little man you are, John Watson,” said the imagined voice of Sherlock in John’s alcohol-addled mind. “Always put upon. Always left behind. Tsk-tsk,” the mocking voice continued. “What did I say about sentiment? Hm?”
“Good. Now, let’s talk about the types of medicinal herbs you’ll need in field medicine...” John bit back another giggle and resolved to explain the joke to Mike (who looked thoroughly baffled at John’s sudden inability to breathe properly) later.
‘Tie me John, please’ Sherlock writhed with the thought of being completely in the doctor’s control.
John was amazed by how incredible it felt and pushed Sherlock’s legs onto his shoulders as he sped up, both of them panting and moaning as the thrusts got harder and more desperate. Sherlock looked beautiful like this and John stroked his body clumsily, not willing to slow down now he had felt heaven. Faster and harder John hammered into Sherlock, praising his body and caressing each part of him. He reached up and pinched one nipple causing Sherlock to cry out. The young man’s prick wept constantly and as John could feel his own end building he used his other hand to stroke Sherlock in time with his thrusts. The feelings together of John both inside him and surrounding him fully pushed Sherlock over the edge with a scream; his body would have bucked uncontrollably had John not taken his hips and started to pull him down into the hard thrusts. John fucked him through his orgasm feeling his insides ripple and squeeze until with a roar he emptied his load into the sated Sherlock.
Sherlock coloured slightly and seemed taken aback, brilliant? 'Really? Not the standard response'
With a kiss to the base of Sherlock’s cock he raised himself up, ‘You have something for lubricant?’
'I've no need of your name to know all; I can clearly see in your appearance every detail that led you to this room tonight. Your time in the military and the injury to your left shoulder, the failed marriage to a woman who could never understand your wants and needs; even the unsuccessful search you've gone through to find someone who can give you the thrill you haven't felt since being discharged.' His eyes swept back up Johns body to his face 'If given enough time I could even tell you your own name, but it would be simpler if you introduced yourself.'
The noises Sherlock was making had John harder than he could ever remember being, his hands went to Sherlock’s hips as he lifted off the sofa and rubbed his clothed erection over Sherlock’s plump arse.  Sherlock let out a shrill cry that sounded very similar to John’s name, the doctor lowered his hips to the sofa and unbuttoned the rest of Sherlock’s shirt; as Sherlock divested himself of the clothing John lifted both his jumper  and vest over his head.
'I’ll just go check, you go see if you can find some glasses’ He watched as a smiling Sherlock went upstairs, John could hardly believe what was happening, what he thought was happening anyway.
John pulled off Sherlock and got to his knees and took himself in hand, he stroked himself hard and fast remembering the way Sherlock had looked and sounded as he came, and the way his hole had fluttered against  John’s finger as his hot cum had flooded John’s mouth. With a strained groan John came over Sherlock’s stomach and crotch, when the aftershock had stopped he lowered himself down to lie next to Sherlock.
As John put away the shopping he found he couldn’t quite remember when these feelings had started, he remembered the first night when he tried to ascertain the sexuality of his new flatmate and the slight disappointment at finding out Sherlock was ‘married to his work’.
He relaxed fully, just sucking and watching Johns face, and trusted that John wouldn't let him get hurt. As soon as he'd let go John slid fully into him and almost wailed with pleasure 'Oh yes Sherlock just like that baby' He pulled out and thrust back in all the way, his balls hit Sherlock’s chin he was so deep. Every move John made pushed fully into his throat now and he loved giving himself fully into John’s control.
‘And beautiful’ the other cheek
John took in his flushed face and poorly concealed arousal and smirking stalked into the room and shutting the door behind him. 'Well this is quite a welcome' He flicked the lock closed and turned back to face his prey. 'I'd have come earlier if I knew you would start without me. Still I couldn't possibly be upset given the astoundingly beautiful picture you make'. He had reached Sherlock now and his hand lifted and wound into the soft black curls using them to direct their lips together. The kiss started gently but soon John deepened it, using his tongue he teased Sherlock, always dominating the young man but never harshly or in a way Sherlock didn't long for. John broke the kiss suddenly leaving Sherlock dazed. 'What were you thinking about Sherlock? Were you thinking about yesterday or about what we would do tonight?' He pushed the robe off Sherlock’s shoulders and his hands skimmed over his chest and across his hard nipples as John kissed him softly, kicking the robe away.
'Sherlock…'John couldn’t stop looking from the detectives amazing blue-green eyes to his slightly parted pink lips and back 'I want to tell you something, it may change everything for us but I’m hoping it’ll be a good change.’ He looked into Sherlock’s eyes and saw hope and fear, as if Sherlock wasn’t sure what was happening.
He had to admit Mary had been amazing, apart from all the lying of course, and for those years when Sherlock was ‘dead’ she had helped John through the pain and loss. When Sherlock returned she had helped bring the friends back together, always suggesting they spend time on cases, and even after Rosie was born she had seen John was getting restless. John missed his wife, he was afraid Rosie missed her mother, he had no idea what he’d tell his daughter about her when Rosie grew up.
John made sure to keep the first kiss gentle, not sure how experienced Sherlock was at this, he didn’t want the younger man to get overwhelmed. They pulled back slightly, John watched with awe as Sherlock opened his eyes and with a slight gasp of wonder gave him the biggest smile possible. Before either of them could speak, Sherlock’s hands, which had been hanging onto the kitchen counter for dear life, came up to the front of John’s shirt and yanked him back up for another deeper kiss, Sherlock may have lacked finesse but his enthusiasm  more than made up for it.
The doctor wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s middle; John pulled back for breath and looked at the panting, wide eyed man in front of him ‘sofa?’ he asked, moving back and taking Sherlock’s hands in his they made their way into the lounge.
The detective couldn’t stop all these feelings, John had always been important to him,  Sherlock couldn’t imagine life without the doctor at this point, in fact even thinking about it made his stomach hurt; just the way John had looked at him earlier had made his chest ache.
'Ok, I’ll pop down later to see if she’d be willing to have Rosie for a few hours.'
'I found some clean glasses’ Sherlock smiled, John felt like his chest was going to burst at the shy look the detective gave him, unable to contain himself any longer John allowed his love for Sherlock to show in his expression as he took the few steps to stand in front of the younger man. He could see the shock and hope pass over Sherlock’s face, if he were honest with himself Sherlock’s face perfectly summed up how the doctor felt.
Sherlock lifted his head slowly and in a drawling voice directed him to the sideboard.
'As tempting as you are I doubt I could stop if I saw you kneeling before me, and I'm painfully aware we have only a limited interview today. I'll be back tomorrow and we will have all the time we could want, I'll not stop you then' John reached up and kissed Sherlock deeply his tongue teasing Sherlock as the younger man clung to his desperately. John pulled back and after several quick kisses took his leave. Sherlock had never thought he would find someone he would want and respect like this, no other man would come close to Dr John Watson in his esteem, and he flopped onto the bed as he committed every detail of the evening to memory, he would need an entire new wing of his mind palace for his John.
‘There’s just so many emotions’ Sherlock mumbled into John’s slightly damp shirt.
'Yes…or we could leave her with Mrs Hudson? I’m sure she wouldn’t mind and it’ll be pleasant just the two of us.’
‘John…JAWN…please John please’ Sherlock begged, John had never seen anything as lovely as this brilliant man frotting against his still clothed prick. He let go of Sherlock’s hips and undid the front of their trousers, John  carefully released Sherlock’s weeping cock; long and thin with a nest of near black curls at the base.
John knocked on the red wooden door and immediately the door was thrown open.
Having finished packing away the shopping John moved to make a cup of tea, the perfect antidote to a troubled mind. From the lounge he could hear Rosie beginning to stir, looking round into the lounge he could see Sherlock moving Rosie further up his chest as he stood to make his way into the kitchen.
This one, though—there was a glimmer of intelligence. And it had completely ignored the option of eating John. It was all very odd. He’d never seen a corpse behave so…human.
The bright afternoon sunlight did little to spur that memory, but S’s newfound reasoning had been growing and fighting to take initiative. If he wanted to rescue John from the corpses, he would need to find a boney--to
,” he mimicked Mycroft’s informal address, though Mycroft noted he had not resorted to the blatant defiance of using a superior’s given name. “I’m still not sure what you want me to say that I haven’t already. The hospital seemed deserted, but we were ambushed in the labs. Sally, Mike, and I managed to escape.” He paused and corrected himself, “And apparently Anderson, as well.” Mycroft waved him on, fingers steepled beneath his chin. “We followed a few corpses out the window down the fire escape.”
John turned and looked where S was pointing. Along the wall, partially obscured by a shelf that was near bursting with what appeared to be accordion parts were a series of small scratches.
The dead man narrowed his eyes and tilted his head, considering.
He heard the other man let out a breath but ignored it, sinking into one of the last things that made him feel alive. He only stopped when he heard John shifting in his chair. He turned to see the man looking right at him, his pupils expanded to take in as much light as possible.
He made to get up, but immediately encountered a body in his way. His gaze trailed up the dark coat and found the same face, the same bloody
The man shrugged, but finally averted his eyes. “Fo-ood.” He got up and shuffled toward him.
Stamford was panting. “John,” he muttered, crossbow pointed at the ground, “since when did going to hospital become more painful than being there?” He chuckled weakly to himself.
, John mourned, looking at the waning stripes of light from the door--and his fists were an inconvenient and temporary fix.
Greg squinted. “Anderson?”
He played until John’s transport gave out and he finally fell asleep, then played a bit more to accompany him into his dreams.
--and slamming against a nearby corpse’s skull to devastating effect.
John was jolted out of his thoughts by the feeling of cold metal against his palm. For one bright, shining moment, he thought it was his gun, but the moment passed as he firmed his grip on the can of beans S was pressing upon him.
Lestrade’s eyes widened minutely, but he recovered with admirable speed. “Well,
He tapped his fingers against the threadbare sofa. John was sleeping. The deep sleep of a man whose adrenaline levels had been through the roof mere hours before. John would not be a source of entertainment to him until he awoke, as interesting as his last sleepy proclamations had been. And food was no longer going to be providing him with those lovely (and not so lovely), diverting memories to pass the time.
That, combined with the chill in the air which he knew S couldn’t feel, had him feeling just the tiniest bit envious of the dead.
What had happened here? Why was this the place he came from?
As far as he could tell, it was muscle memory. These must have been things he had been accustomed to doing when he was alive, but put together, the diverse array of behaviors made for a rather strange portrait of whom he’d once been. The fact that he did not find himself writing things without thinking about it would seem to indicate it was not on the short list of everyday activities in his past life. Besides, he preferred to text.
John scratched his head. “Well, I’m not quite sure what I’m meant to ask about.” The whole situation felt very much like the awkward first half of a first date. Which was ridiculous. If this were a date, he’d been through too much with S for it to be their first.
It was strange in many ways. John hadn’t ever heard a corpse laugh--or speak, for that matter--and this laugh was a deep, hoarse thing filled with halting breaths and shudders. He appeared quite tickled.
, it whispered.
Her brow furrowed. “Y-our… ff-fooood?”
John just hoped S was not a murderer. He’d said he wouldn’t eat him, but that didn’t mean he didn’t plan to kill him as he acted out the behaviors of his past life. Playing violin, texting, killing people, all in a day’s work for your average psychopathic genius.
Ex-Marine Lieutenant Gregory Lestrade stood in the doorway of his office, back ramrod straight and face grimly official.
Amidst his contemplation, John’s ears pricked to the rising noise outside. Grunts and groans and thumps against the wall and shutters. Standard fare for a raid. Only this time he didn’t have a raiding party. Or a gun. He’d be cursing the loss of his gun for the rest of his life, it seemed.
to go back into the theatre. He ceased his ridiculous oscillation on the pavement and sprang into a full-on sprint.
“Is that significant? What does it mean?”
A dozen or so corpses shambled amidst the debris on the next floor. The moment S and John emerged onto the floor, all eyes were on them.
The door opened, admitting...others. Not dead. Food. They smelled so good. He was so hungry.
It was an absurd thought in the midst of all this, but honestly, this was a corpse who talked, played violin, and kidnapped people before eating them; was it really so odd that he cared enough about his appearance to find a flannel and wipe off occasionally? He himself had discreetly used the blanket to scrub his face, but he still felt grimy and uncomfortable.
The Royal Opera House was familiar to him, though with no memories of his own to connect it to, it was anyone’s guess how he knew it. It only mattered that he did. He was comfortable here. This was his home.
John stared right back as the full situation continued to bombard him. Bright side: he’d not been killed and eaten in the night. Of course, he was still trapped with a corpse inside a theatre surrounded by more corpses and--
It wasn’t the cleverest he thought he might do, but…he smirked absently and grunted, “Trrr...rrrap.”
“Sherman?”
He felt a tug on his hand and jolted back to real time. He was still holding John’s hand.
Not that they were all that fast, of course. Dead muscle was not quick muscle. Still, he nudged Lestrade. “Keep an eye on Mike, will you, Greg?”
She looked back at him, back at
“You asked to see me, minister?”
That word, John noted sourly, seemed to come out clear as a bell.
He barely had an idea of what he would do if he found him. Restrain him? Kill him? Have Watson (or rather Stamford, now) run tests on him?
Said audience took a sharp right turn, backtracking a bit to trail along the very edge of the building. After a moment, John followed, still trying to step haltingly and achieve the same listless posture he saw in the corpses around them.
John swallowed a hysterical giggle.
S snickered and followed him to the next room over. He knew this place better than any other, but John appeared to be having a good time pioneering their journey, so he lagged behind, a dim, dead shadow of John’s bright determination.
His eyes met John’s before reluctantly following the sound to its source. A hellscape of darkness and skeletons greeted him through the shattered glass of the lobby doors. No sturdy carpark doors this time. No rebar or cans of beans. There would be no cheating death and giggling in the aftermath.
He looked at John again, eyes screwed up in consideration. No, he decided. If his deductions had been correct--and they usually were--John was an extraordinary man, but he was striving to live an ordinary life. Ordinary men did not get engaged to assassins, no matter how fucked up the world had become. John likely knew nothing of his fiancee's past.
He ran from the window and dove upon the man, who cried out in fear in spite of himself but still would not fight back, his eyes tightly closed.
John hurriedly stood and stepped away from his chair, prepared to fight for his life--and then just watched as the corpse kept walking past him to a door he hadn’t seen in the back of the room.
The door burst open, admitting the second wave of dead. More yelling. This time, ‘John’ was participating in the noise as well, shouting orders and foisting the bag of medical supplies on the overweight member of their group. “Mary!” He turned, fending off a corpse. It appeared one of Labcoat’s meals had already arisen in her absence. “Goddammit, they got Billy!”
Despite his general roundness and pleasant demeanor, Dr. Mike Stamford had an uncanny knack with a crossbow. To think such skills would have remained undiscovered without the crisis. He heaved the weapon over his shoulder and followed behind Mary, John, and a promising recruit, Henry. Billy Wiggins covered his back, followed by Soo Lin, Lestrade, and two guards from the wall, Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson. Minister Holmes was certainly right in that a capable group had been assembled.
S threw himself onto the couch and stared at John as he slept. It had happened just after he’d finished his meal. A scarce 37 seconds, by S’s count. His horrified fascination at the man’s ability to drop into slumber with such abruptness (
S shook his head at him as he typed, murmuring, “Y-ours,” and immediately gave it back.
“And yourself, you arsehole!” Sally snarled, stepping forward. “What happened to you?”
But he shouldn’t jump to conclusions about whether John knew. After all, Mary had displayed many of her deadly skills in the lab right in front of John’s nose.  For all he knew, they were an ex-assassin, crime-fighting duo.
He nodded, then remembered his earlier determination to practice speaking. “Y-es.” Good, but more. He needed to push himself. “Three y-ears.”
“—a dagger...you see...before you?” He flipped the blade in his hand so that it faced John hilt-first and raised his eyebrows.
He edged in closer to the opening and was forced to duck when a small, strong arm lashed out, the end of a broken beer bottle clenched in its hand, then withdrew just as quickly. He smiled.
“Shhh…” she hissed at him and then pointed at John. “Ee-eeat.”
He turned back to the door and started pounding on it again, shouting, “Oy, Cheekbones! What did you do to my friends?”
Lestrade complied, detailing their arrival at the hospital and subsequent loss of his lead doctor and most skilled agent--Agent Morstan bitten and Dr. Watson left behind and presumed dead--as well as several of their most promising recruits. Mycroft winced at his mental phrasing. Perhaps things were getting a bit martial around here.
“I’m well aware of your arguments, Miss Morstan, as you are of mine,” Holmes interrupted. John detected a hint of a sigh in his voice. “However much you seek to protect your fiancee, it cannot take precedence over the survival of the city. Doctors Watson and Stamford will be under your personal protection during this outing, and I expect they and their expertise to return to the Citadel intact, do I make myself clear?”
. Holmes had admitted as much, which was strange in and of itself.
“Ah, I am pleased to see we’ve managed to assemble a semi-competent group here, Morstan.” The face on the screen looked anything but pleased. In all the years he’d known him, John had never seen Mycroft Holmes smile.
S walked to the opposite side of the room, where a small door led to a corner closet. Since most professional dancers were ruthlessly pushed to keep a strict diet and workout regimen, they might hide snacks nearby to tide them over before or after performances. This small closet might hold the key to John’s future happiness.
John had to admit, he was a bit disappointed to find their destination was a college.
He found the door he needed and opened it, but John was still standing in the middle of the stage, staring around at the faded splendor of the derelict theatre.
John couldn’t help it. He collapsed into a fit of giggles. He was holding a can of beans, leaning against a door that was the only thing between him and a horde of corpses. Beside him was a friendly zombie who was hauling at least four cans of beans in his pockets and had used them to defeat said horde. It was absurd.
She nodded, dodging the knife again.
John jerked his arm away. “Only that you’ve had a larger role in this ‘government’ than I was aware of. Maybe some secrets should stay secret,
He shook his head slowly at the dead man.
John’s gaze sharpened. “Three? How do you know?”
He opened up the messenger app and began to type, the action as natural to him as breathing had once been. Time to test those deductions.
Other than Stamford’s crossbow and Billy’s knife, the rest of the party were carrying silenced weapons. A significant amount of training at the Citadel was devoted to learning stealth and stealth weaponry. Inability to stay quiet on a mission could mean death (or undeath).
, he reminded himself grimly, turning back toward the theatre.
about this?” She spoke through gritted teeth. “You didn’t think to tell me?”
S’s fingers paused in their tapping. Hmm, mark two more traits: inquisitiveness and a sense of justice. Although the latter might be John rubbing off on him. Still, it seemed prudent to become more introspective. It stood to reason that all of the information he needed to rediscover himself was still inside his mind.
S stood by him, and appearing almost flushed in the fading light as they caught their breaths. He removed his hand from their grasp, leaving John’s oddly cold, to put his coat back on.
For a panicky moment, he thought John was referring to Mary’s “leftovers” but John had not seen that. The living man was talking about
And the last thing he wanted to do was hurt John Watson.
He whirled around and walked out of the room without another word, smirking as he heard John’s “Oi!” and the sounds of the other man scrambling to keep up as he followed his hectic thoughts down the hall.
He shuddered. No, there would definitely
--and looked at John questioningly.
More head shaking.
) and he and humanity were probably doomed (
Mary arched a brow at him. “We’ve been through this, John. I have more experience in these areas. The Citadel has few enough doctors as it is, we can’t afford to lose you, too.” She brushed a hand along his waist and leaned in to peck him on the cheek. “I’ll just pop off and grab some supplies with the kiddies here and be back before you know it.”
He finished his beer, setting it carefully beside the chair for later--who knew when a broken bottle might come in handy, especially when his only company was Mr. All-I-Remember-Is-Murder--and got up to investigate.
He began to get up, but remembered there was still a perfectly good brain lying on the floor.
They walked past what he now recognized as Covent Garden. He tried not to gawk (the dead did not care about sightseeing), but it had been years since he had gotten to appreciate London's unique attractions. Most of it was eerily untouched, as if waiting to be occupied once more.
“S!” John had abandoned their stealth strategy and was now slugging nearby corpses. “Have you got a plan?”
He swallowed. “Be careful.”
. That had to mean
“Not...good enough,” S’s voice sounded impatient.
that I had been a soldier?” He crossed his arms and waited.
John blew out a sigh. “Look, I’m not exactly the foremost expert on baby names, and even if I was, I’ve no idea how old you are. You look about twelve, to be honest.” The corpse frowned at him. “How about I just call you ‘S’?”
John swallowed a grin. Honestly, if Minister Holmes had known he wanted to send medical staff on this raid, he should have informed them sooner. Mike had barely had time to grab a weapon, much less train for the level of athleticism required to evade the corpses.
He’d never seen this specimen before (thank God). He suffered a moment of rare relief that it had not been his Labcoated companion he’d found scratching at her face in the corner of the atrium. He supposed the humane (did he qualify for that anymore?) thing to do would be to dispatch the vulnerable corpse before the unfortunate transformation was complete, but John had little enough time as it was.
please continue to expect new chapters--I may have cooled down on BBC Sherlock a bit, but I'm still very into this story and would not have posted it in the first place if I intended to leave it unfinished. my schedule is loaded tf up, so updates'll be just as sporadic as ever (although hopefully never to quite this extreme again!!!).
deserved to be referred to as such.
S shook his head. “Nnot knowww. D-deduced.”
John opened his eyes and stared. “Wha--”
He reached a set of metal double doors and rapped on them three times. Pause. Once. Pause Twice. He was greeted shortly by a plump face full of concern. “John? Are they back already?”
Surprise! You get a chapter, and I'm totally still alive! Happy late 2017, ya crazies! (And happy early Valentine's Day for those of you who know for certain that you're not in love with a zombie.)
“John?”
“Mary, wait!”
a boney--and surely not
It was clearly a rhetorical question, but he shrugged anyway. John sipped his beer with a considering expression. “So you remember nothing about your past life? You’ve been living here...since the crisis started? A few years?”
S looked down at the hand John held out. They’d held hands numerous times in the hours (
fast. Well, except the skeletons--those terrifying creatures could outrun any human.
John huffed out a laugh, remembering S’s first challenge. “That won’t work on me every time, you know, you ponce. It was my idea anyway!” He licked his lips, trying to remember why it was such a bad idea to indulge his adrenaline addiction.
“D’you think something’s in there?” John’s voice came from directly behind him as he grasped the doorknob.
The fact that this was the word he remembered from his old life had always been a puzzle to him. He’d been walking around in a fog, unable to discern what was important and what was useless. No new information, just the one word, floating slowly but unhelpfully beyond his mental grasp.
John’s eyes squinted open to see a pale face looming over his chair. Again. How he’d already gotten used to being awoken this way was beyond him. He sighed and rubbed his eyes, shooing away the undead pest. “Time is’t?”
, and suddenly S saw a web of evidence instead of mere irrelevant facts.
S’s eyebrows furrowed. “Ask me questions.”
Taking advantage of his distraction, the blonde drew a knife from inside her vest and planted it in his abdomen. It did nothing, of course. Idiot. But the deductions continued to flow, faster than ever. A serial liar as well. Perhaps cheating? No, bigger. Secret tattoo, likely the name of a previous admirer. Unimportant. The locket she wore was clearly more so, maybe at the center of her lies. The initials, A.G.R.A. engraved upon its silver surface.
“Eat.” S urged.
Had to be. There was simply no other explanation for the surreal situation in which he found himself.
John’s breath hitched. This was it. The corpse had chilled him overnight and was planning to eat him come morning. He looked wildly around the room for possible weapons, but it was all props, purposely intended not to hurt people.
John waited for S to recover from his dramatic spin before taking his hand and running toward the door. The coat had cleared a path, but it wouldn’t last long. They had to hurry.
Its eyes had seemed...inquisitive. And after these years of battle and treatment, he
John seemed gratified by this answer but sincerely confused. “I won’t ask why because I’m betting I’ll get another shrug, but that makes sense. All of the specimens we denied nourishment or fed with alternate food sources went catatonic. The ones that maintained their…normal diets…well, they weren’t like you, that’s for sure.” He propped his chin on his hand and gazed at him. “What is it that makes you different, S?”
Shoving the other man backstage would not endear him to John, but it had been necessary. The man had put up with being taken captive, but he suspected having to watch his late fiancee’s brain being eaten in front of him would be the last straw. Last night had been one thing, but leaving the man alone during daylight hours was asking for trouble.
He needed an aspirin.
Meanwhile, John seemed more interested in
“Just ‘murder’? No other clues?” Another head shake.
“John.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “‘Followed a few corpses’, Gregory?” He didn’t know why he continued to use the man’s first name, but the familiarity suited his purposes for the moment.
It was a mission of paltry difficulty, made no more challenging by his general lack of appetite for what John and most humans considered to be edible. After all, he knew what food looked like--it just no longer held any interest to him. Still, it was something to do, and if John needed space, he would do well to give it to him. Besides, he could use the time to satisfy the last vestiges of his own hunger as well.
John watched disbelievingly out of the corner of his eye as S began to take off his coat. It was far too late for S to worry about sartorial maintenance--though John had noticed that, as soiled and unkempt as the rest of the dead man’s clothes were, the greatcoat was oddly well-kept. It would seem indicate a level of sentiment for the article of clothing.
“Sounds awfully military to me, sir,” Lestrade quipped as he turned to leave. Just as he reached the door, he turned, catching Mycroft’s eye once more. “Next time you need some of my ‘free time’ to ask dodgy questions, no need to break the chain of command, Mycroft.” He grinned at his own impertinence. “You can come find me yourself.” Then he winked and was gone.
I wanted to tell you. I was sworn to secrecy, just as I’m sure you are on any number of issues,
“Well then. Fine. Good.” He cleared his throat and heard S do the same. “Nice to meet you, S. I’m John. John Watson.”
Had any of the others made it back? He’d seen Greg and Sally out the window. Even Mike had made it, bless his lab-confined soul. But what about the others?
All he had before John was that one word.
Well, that wasn’t promising. “I’m not sure…” he trailed off, trying to decide how to interpret that. “You mean you were a murderer? Or were you killed, maybe? Or…” He searched for other meanings, but S just shrugged at him again.
He still needed to find dinner. It was a matter of minutes to dart into a few of the restaurants on the block. The third one yielded a few tins of beans. S smirked and slid the rations into his capacious pockets.
Lestrade grinned at him even as Mary’s frown deepened.
Grabbing the beer bottle from its spot beside the armchair, he peeked out the door to ascertain that S had indeed gone, then made his way out of the theater.
John had no intention of letting S control his life. He’d already been forced to march out here, in the middle of the dead zone of the city, to spend his time with a corpse--a fascinating corpse who showed extraordinary capabilities in music and deductive thought and who texted faster than John himself could type, but still a corpse. A dead man. It was time for the living to get going.
“Murder.” He whispered to himself. A key to his past and, more importantly, a word John knew was important. “Muuuurderrrr…”
John, recently wounded from Afghanistan and spoiling for a fight, was not.
John cleared his throat, reminding him that he did have an audience and that it was indeed alive. The man squinted around the room, clearly looking for somewhere to rest. He still stood stiffly around him, but it was clear in the bags under his eyes and the slump of his shoulders that he was exhausted. It probably did not help that his newest companion was more dead than alive, but he could hardly help that.
Instead, the erstwhile doctor had collected several articles of clothing, citing his own soiled shirt and jacket as the reason for his ‘shopping’. S looked down at his own filthy button down and trousers and shrugged.
He wanted answers, but that thunderous pounding was growing louder by the second.
“Johhhnnn,” he moaned, trying not to stand out or draw any more attention to himself than he already had. He was surprised to find that he had to deliberately make himself sound stilted and guttural. Apparently John had helped him. Too bad he was unlikely to get an opportunity to thank him.
This fic is my beloved (only) child, and I will NOT abandon it, fear not! It is receiving constant attention, but my ability to manage a school schedule and applying to jobs and also add to this in significant ways is, uh, well, it's better than it was, but still not great. I might turn it into monthly updates just so I don't put anyone under any illusions and disappoint anyone (myself included).
His last thought as his teeth met John’s skin was simple.
But he was on the cusp of a discovery, he knew it. Even if this epiphany was that he’d been an awful villain of a man, wielding wealth and intelligence like a blade against his enemies, he wanted to know about it. He could...enact justice, make amends, redeem himself, do
There was no response. John had not fallen asleep yet, but he did not appear to be in the mood to talk either. Which was fine. He did not remember the last actual conversation he had participated in. Grunts and labored one-word exchanges with Labcoat didn’t count.
In John’s studies, he had observed and discovered a number of things, but there had been no way to determine when a corpse had “turned”. Normal aging was effectively stopped, blood flow was stymied, any damage sustained by the body was considered superficial unless it destroyed the brain.
“What?” He snapped irritably. The two of them stood just inside the heavily damaged main doors where they’d started. S got no further in his questioning as an unearthly shrieking split the air between them.
John began to see the merit of S’s request to be interrogated earlier. Hoping to startle more information out of him, he asked, “Which one?” He’d bet it was one of the biggies. Cambridge. Oxford. King’s.
“Oh god, no.”
He jerked his hand away, his chest doing the odd pulsating thing again, but recovered enough to shrug and resume opening the closet.
He sneered. Way too poetic. A man who had forgotten his own name had no business creating verse. It wasn’t as if he had an audience even if he did begin waxing lyrical. And for reasons long unremembered, he longed for an audience. Someone to--
They wound through the halls in silence and finally emerged onto the street behind the hospital. He would need to communicate with John again, but even having gotten him out of the lab unscathed felt like a huge success. He was on fire! Thinking so clearly, and he’d barely had any of the brain! He could kiss John, honestly, although his newfound clarity alerted him that this would be deeply unwelcome, and not just because he was dead. But bigger problems lay ahead.
He put out an arm to protect John, lamenting that he’d wiped off his boney disguise to avoid giving John a coronary when he awoke. With all their running and panic, John’s scent was stronger and more alluring than ever. There was no trickery that would get them out of this.
Before he could even take a guess at where S was going, the man himself popped his head back into the doorway. “Bring the knife.”
“Then go!” John shouted back. “I’ll be right behind you!” He shot another of the others and muttered, “Right after I find her.”
Thus, John had been removed from the equation. Temporarily, of course.
He flexed his fingers and shrugged, then continued playing.
The faster he ran, the more attention he attracted. Even if none of the others could catch him, every step of his sprint was making John (and him) a target. Why was John outside?
Something changed, just slightly, in John’s demeanor. The man still had no idea what was going on, but his posture straightened, his fists clenched, his face hardened.
S had finished adjusting his clothing--
John mouthed.
If Tall Dark And Creepy was going to keep him here, for whatever reason, he was going to need to find some food.
The light had faded even more during his cleaning frenzy. He was not worried John would try to escape while he slept because he did not sleep. Corpses were incapable of sleep, as far as he knew, and he barely even needed to rest. He could (and likely would) stand in the doorway all night watching his puzzling new acquisition.
“Oy!” Billy yelled, no longer grasping the knife and instead cradling his wrist. “I didn’t mean nothin’, I swear!”
“Muuuurderrrr…”
. There were numerous scratches around the charging port. Otherwise, still decently maintained. When he pushed the button, it lit up. Still kept charged. For music perhaps? A quick search showed no audio files. Sentimental then. No signal, no bars. So far so obvious.
He nearly brained himself on the edge of the grate when S pulled him down to climb into the tunnel beneath the stage.
He shook his head and shrugged. He’d worn this ensemble for years and it hadn’t mattered in the slightest. Besides, he knew for certain that anyone who tried to take this coat from him would have a fight on their hands. It was as much a part of him as his inoperational heart and his sluggish brain.
Instead, he offered his hand again and grunted a simple instruction: “Beee deaaddd.”
kidnapped
He was dead.
He helped John grab a few of the bottles, taking care not to drop any on the way back to the storage room, and then John opened a beer and took a long swig.
. John did not seem to be a loquacious sort, yet he’d spoken more today than he himself had in years.
He’d barely had a bite before Labcoat bumped into him, her face smeared with blood, as she fought off the grey-haired man from their group. “Shhhh,” she hissed as she noticed him behind her. “Shhhh—”
Clearly, Mary was a far more interesting person than he had initially judged.
It had been necessary. He’d spent the next year applying the information he’d rescued to gather surviving experts, establish a stronghold, install a new survivalist government, and revive less technology-dependant forms of communication. It was during that arduous process that he’d run into Mary Morstan, ex-CIA agent and part-time assassin. His previous combat hires had been military men like Lestrade and Sholto, but the chance to have an intelligence agent--particularly one he could manipulate--was an opportunity he could not pass up.
“It was...bite-ish.”
Bart’s had opened its doors to the first sufferers, hoping a quick response would be the key to defeating whatever had so irrevocably changed these people. Instead, many of London’s finest physicians and surgeons fell to the first wave of corpses, adding themselves to the number of afflicted and making the crisis stronger and more terrible for it. This was the blood of hope being subdued.
S recovered from his surprise and stepped forward again, his mouth doing something complicated that might have been an attempt at a smile. After a moment, he pointed at the phone again.
John shook himself. This was not his home. Technically, he didn’t have a home. The Citadel certainly didn’t count. The place had all the sterile utilitarianism of a military compound, and it hardly helped that it had once been a prison. It was a place to live, but it was not home. Yet somehow during his few days here--in an abandoned theatre in the middle of zombie-infested Old London--he had felt more at home than anywhere else in the last decade.
Anderson seemed to be thinking along the same lines, but before he ran off to try to make amends, he turned to Greg once more. “The minister wants to see you, mate. Sounded important.” Then he was gone, leaving Greg with a sour taste in his mouth.
“Deduced?” S nodded. John eyed him suspiciously. “Let’s assume I believe that. How exactly did you
John decked another corpse and shook his hand out, wincing. They should have run while they had the chance. Now they were running out of space--
S’s next actions directly contradicted that notion.
--perspective.
He slammed the doors shut and relocked them. Good God, there were a lot of corpses out there. The quick glance he’d gotten was...discouraging. Thirty, maybe forty of them, gathered around his little refuge.
He reeled for a moment, then gripped the shorter man’s arms, holding them down and away from his face in case another punch was coming. John’s eyes widened as he struggled against the hold but was unable to break free.
His nostrils flared. There was a hint of...something...on the wind. Around him, corpses continued to shamble about, unconcerned by his presence. He was, after all, still dead. For all his medical training and research, John could do nothing to change that.
He put a hand to his stomach, an aborted attempt to stifle the sound. “No--I mean, yes, of course, but--”
) frame. Sharp cheekbones in an already long, angular face now stretched in an expression to which it was clearly not accustomed.
He nearly stepped forward, but some small spark in his brain denied him.
“It’s only a sprain. I’m a damn good doctor. He’ll be fine. I’ll even wrap it if you’re that worried about it.”
) mind about eating you.
S nodded and pointed to the screen again. John dutifully looked again and actually read the text.
He raised one shoulder, trying to think. Trying...trying...and failing. Food. He did not want to feel the hunger, but that did not make it any less real.
“John!”
Meanwhile, John had continued into the next room. Open cabinets and doors told S he had found nothing edible and certainly nothing (in S’s elevated opinion) wearable. John, however, had apparently not been of the same opinion, as he was now toting a few pairs of trousers and a particularly hideous jumper, looking pleased at his new acquisitions as he walked out of the room.
) and his friends were probably dead (
“No. Uni.” He grunted, then looked surprised, as if this was news to him as well.
“So someone shot through this window,” John said flatly. He was less than impressed. When S frowned at him, he continued, “We’re in a zombie apocalypse, mate.” He hurried on, trying to forget the weird taste of ‘mate’ in reference to the undead genius. “Bullets have been flying everywhere for the last five years. How do you know this isn’t just a stray shot?”
Startled, John looked and shot S a questioning look where he stood by a window.
Where before there were a few faint deductions floating in the overall emptiness of his mind, now thoughts darted like silver fish, faster than he could ever remember. He still could not catch hold of them for more than a moment, but Lord, did it feel good to
And now here he was fighting death again.
As far as the chapter itself goes, it's up! Not exactly painstakingly edited, so I'll probably be making some minor changes later this week. Lmk if you see anything unforgivable and I'll fix it right up.
That seemed to sway him. The newly-dubbed S nodded.
It was an odd thing to notice in the middle of a tense situation.
anyway, thanks for sticking with it, whoever is still here reading! <3
“Thank you for your service, Lestrade,” he remarked, with just a touch of irony. “If you could just give me a few more details, I will allow you to get back to your life. Have a seat.” He gestured to the chair across from his desk.
He knew down to the very day how long ago he’d “woken up” (which was the best description he had for it at present), and he knew where it had occurred. It didn’t seem to matter at the time, or during any of the nearly three years that had passed since because all he really thought about those days was how hungry he was.
) process had been strictly necessary, but he kept silent as he watched S pick one of the  two identical buildings and head to the door. The dead man seemed deep in thought, and John wondered if this had been an important place to him when he was alive.
He jerked out of the memory, panting as if he’d been in a fight himself. John still slept soundly, slumped beneath the quilt, unaware that his late fiancee’s secrets were spilling into the head of a man he hardly knew.
The fact that it had been in response to John’s fears about his sanity and doomed fate only made it more so, and the frightfully strong grip on his shoulders had not eased a bit. John stood and waited apprehensively as the dead man recovered.
Thoughts flashed through his head faster and faster, small observations becoming larger connections.
For being so very quiet before, it seemed that every member of this particular group of the living was shouting now, warning their friends, yelling out their adrenaline...except the short one. The man remained deucedly silent, focused on each individual shot, quickly but carefully aimed at critical areas: knees, eyes, throat, head.
All in one motion, the man jerked toward the entrance, raised his silenced weapon, and shot the corpse between the eyes.
Other dead were coming, staggering through the open door. He snorted. They’d never make it to the labs. Too obvious.
The corpse stopped occasionally to rub more of its fetid blood on John’s arms, and while horrifying, it seemed to keep the other corpses from bothering him (them?). John had thought surely he was dead when it had approached him at Bart’s. He’d barely cared, what with Mary’s lifeless body splayed on the floor beside him.
John grinned and grabbed the weapon, ready to follow the mad zombie into battle.
A screeching sound further distracted him. Corpses. More. More dangerous and deader.
He shook away the vaguely upsetting thought and held the door open wider, clearing his throat to try coherent speech. So far, his attempts had been sub-par at best, and he
And he did eventually, finally sparing a glance at John and his utter lack of amusement. “N-not eeat.” He removed one of his hands from John’s arm and pointed to his mouth, making a biting motion that would have been comical in any other situation and then shaking his head.
Moving as quickly as possible, he turned and slammed the shutter doors closed, pulling the latch closed just as corpses began to claw at its hinges. The door creaked and shuddered with each push and tug, but it was holding. For now.
“Is that a--”
The concession stand in the atrium would be the best option if the huge glass panes that had once made up the walls of the atrium had not been shattered some years ago. The stand could still contain nonperishable food, but it was out in the open, exposed to wanderers, living and dead alike. Dangerous for them both, but especially for John.
Just as he suspected Mary had found herself a new line of work in the beginning of the crisis, John had quickly set himself to the task of aiding and protecting what was left of the medical workforce of London. But as he’d studied corpses, bandaged wounds, and dispatched threats, Mary had apparently been...what?
Never the heart. Even he knew that. The dead do not need their hearts.
S grinned and reached into one of his capacious pockets to withdraw an elaborately decorated knife.
--what was that?
S suspected he was the only corpse who’d been asked an actual question in years, and in his rush to find answers, the fog had started to dissipate. He had more words now, more information. He’d been an intelligent, well-educated man. He could...see things other people couldn’t. His clothing, violin-playing, and familiarity with the opera house indicated he’d been well-off, likely high society, with a well-developed sense of drama. He preferred to text. Murder was important to him somehow. And now this: boredom.
had slept in), this was the place in which S spent the most time. By some miracle, the mirrored walls remained intact; the fingerprints streaking the glass belonged to either London’s finest ballerinas or himself.
S gnashed his teeth, trying to think of something he could do to communicate with the man without causing him to reveal himself. Boneys and corpses rarely talked. Until John, neither had he. He’d had little to say and no one to listen. But now, he was thinking and observing and remembering things like…
Oh yes, the hunger. That was right.
John grinned and tossed the blade in the dirt in front of his face. “So you’re good on melee weapons.”
The pounding interrupted his thoughts yet again. “I know you can hear me, you dead bastard!” More pounding. He was really going to hurt his hand.
Mycroft looked up sharply. “That will be all, Lestrade. Enjoy your free time. You are dismissed.”
John ran a hand along the wall as their little band trudged down one of the main halls. Blood spattered it in places, much like every other building in London, but as always, there was more to the story.
It was not a yes or no question, and this was not something he wanted to try to speak nor put into text. Instead, he let John’s question hang there between them until the other man picked it up again, his brow wrinkled in thought. “So...you
“You okay, there, S?” John asked tentatively as he extricated his hand.  “You kinda zoned out there for a sec.”
John grabbed it breathlessly. The man might be dead, but those long legs of his made him
Post-mission files weren’t usually this depressing. People were killed, of course. Outside the walls, the odds were quite stacked against them. But half the party? Mycroft shook his head and straightened the folders so Anthea could--
The two men fell into the seat together Sherlock clinging to John as if he were afraid the doctor would leave him.
John's hands combed through his curls again before he tightened his hold slightly. 'Remember, keep your hands behind your back or I'll have to tie them.' God yes, Sherlock pulled against Johns grip eager to please the doctor and so aroused by the thought of the man tying his hands back.
The doctor circled his hole with one finger and resting it in the centre looked up at the young man ‘Look at me Sherlock.’ As soon as their eyes met he slid his finger slowly inside, they both moaned at the feeling. With care and precision he opened Sherlock, working from one finger up to three; when he thought the man ready he removed them and put more slick onto his own cock.
Still something didn’t seem right, John was happy to be back in Baker Street, that much Sherlock knew, but he seemed to close off whenever he thought he was showing too much emotion.
Mrs Hudson was pleased to have some time with Rosie 'Don’t worry boys we’ll be fine, you have a lovely dinner’. They walked to the restaurant and were shown to the same table they had sat at that first night .
He untied Sherlock’s wrists and rubbed them to check he was ok, and then he flopped down next to Sherlock and pulled him to lie against his side.
‘I couldn’t imagine anyone else I’d rather be with’ John kissed Sherlock pulling his bottom lip into his mouth and biting slightly until the detective moaned in pleasure. …………………………………………………………………………….. Sherlock moved to straddle Johns legs as the doctor’s hands stroked down his neck and rested on the top button of his shirt; John pulled back from the kiss and looked into his eyes, silently asking for permission; Sherlock nodded and unbuttoned his cuffs.
Angelo brought over the wine and poured two glasses then put the bottle on the table, they ordered  their food and were talking about their latest case when it arrived. …………………………………………………………….
'Incredible. You seem flushed Sherlock, would you like me to tell you exactly what I'm going to do to you when I come back' John's eyes had travelled from his lips to his eyes and Sherlock found for the first time he couldn't speak, he nodded dumbly.
There was a knock on the door and Sherlock almost tripped in his haste to open it, quickly remembering his robe he took a breath and opened the door calmly, even if he actually wanted to rip it off its hinges with impatience.
‘Yes… yes please John it feels so good’ Sherlock whined.
'Both' Sherlock gasped 'I've relived last night over countless times since you left but I started to think about how I could make you happy tonight' Sherlock let John pull his head down again and devour him before pulling back slightly. 'I want to suck your cock' he whispered, a hairs breadth between them he could see as John's jaw flexed and his pupils dilated entirely 'please John?’
Sherlock had never felt anything as amazing as having John suck his cock, every time he took Sherlock in he went slightly deeper until he almost gagged, pulling back slightly the doctor bobbed his head up and down, pulling off to pay extra attention to the head occasionally.
The doctor pulled Sherlock up slightly ‘What’s that love?’
He wanted company and had yet to find anyone who could interest him, his friend Stamford had suggested he try to win the consent of the newest member of Ms Adler’s staff as Stamford had met the youth himself and, while he was unsuccessful, had thought John would enjoy the chase.
The doctor kissed his way down Sherlock’s neck and body, biting occasionally when he couldn’t help himself as on Sherlock’s nipples and hip bones, until he reached his first goal. He looked up to see the younger man staring down at him, arms tight and hands clamped onto the frame. John opened his mouth and, without breaking eye contact, blew gently across the head of Sherlock’s prick.
If he saw the expressions John made to him directed to anyone else he would say John looked fondly at them, perhaps even longingly; but could that just be wishful thinking? No one had ever looked at him that way before; they saw him as a freak, the weirdo virgin. The first night Sherlock had met John he was sure the doctor had been asking him out, it was fear of rejection and memories of being tormented in university that had Sherlock blurting out ‘married to my work’. John didn’t seem to bring the subject up again, despite how close they grew  those first few months.
So he’d taken up arms again, fought corpses and disease and anarchy, all the time thinking that the battle would only end when he was dead, half-hoping for rest on that inevitable day.
John stared at him for a moment then shrugged. “Yeah, alright. Here.” He reached into the pocket of his scuffed bomber jacket and pulled out an equally scuffed mobile. “Doesn’t do much of anything, but knock yourself out.”
“Wait,” John stopped as he processed what S had said, “what do you mean ‘woke up’?”
“Look, it’s something, alright? And with only a letter to go on, at least we’ll know we’re not wrong.”
He’d barely been able to look at him. Months passed without any change from hunger and hostility. Treatments administered and failed. Mycroft had begun to consider putting him out of his misery--
They’d set to work on a cure, but ironically, if anyone had the ability to reverse this horrid condition, it would have been Sherlock himself. Brilliant chemist, successful detective, musical prodigy, endlessly observant. All vanished. Replaced by some...creature Mycroft did not recognize.
The idea had come to him far too slowly really. He had disguised John as a corpse to protect him when they first met. The same strategy would (
Then John had shown up. Had asked
, S thought grimly as he moved between John and an oncoming corpse. His coat swung and bumped his thighs at the quick movement.
. He’d all but screamed it at the entire city when--
(See the end of the chapter for
eat humans?” He said carefully. S nodded. “Just not me?”
He shrugged to himself. Aging was such an ephemeral concept. The living struggled against it, and the dead no longer experienced it. He was the same as he had ever been and ever would be, as far as he knew.
He raised his head to the wind and breathed in, long and deep.
“Were you a student here?” He asked as they walked down the eerily empty halls.
“Indeed.” S smiled, nodding at the hand still holding the beans. John bent to return them to his pocket, and when he straightened, he found himself quite...close. S made no move to put any distance between them, and John felt his cheeks heat. This...man. This ridiculous man who had just saved his life for the third time in as many days. For some reason, S had given up his habits, his diet, his very lifestyle for John. “Why me?” He whispered, his breath close enough to ruffle the other man’s dark curls.
Now S found himself pressed up against the booth, rancid blood and skin on his face and a crowd of dead scrambling in front of him. He snarled and growled and did his level best to convince them he was an unusually aggressive boney mid-transformation to forbid them coming any closer, but he knew it was up to the scent to mask his true intent. Besides, the smell of live, human John inside the booth was an enticement few corpses could pass up--even S struggled occasionally to resist its allure. Whether or not his plans worked, he would not be able to keep them off for long.
It wasn’t a bad plan. But he knew the way down would not be as abandoned as it had been when he and Labcoat had come up. Of course, the way would be safe for them no matter how full of corpses it became: they were dead.
He didn’t. He’d been in the middle of creating one when Labcoat had caught his eye. Perhaps he’d gotten through to her, perhaps not, but a quick scan of the area showed she was nowhere to be found, and they still had a dozen dead to deal with.
“C-allllmmm dowwwn.”
Well, when people were dying, personal agendas could go screw themselves. If the minister was hiding something, he was duty-bound to discover what it was and make sure no one else died because of it. How he chose to do it, however, was entirely up to him.
, he realized belatedly. He hadn’t understood at the time why S had smeared blood and God-knows-what all over his face, but now he marveled at the dead man’s forethought. It shook him to know that S had been protecting him since the moment they met.
He straightened, faith in his own abilities bolstered for now. He was a soldier. He had always been prepared to die fighting. The broken bottle clenched firmly in his fist, he moved to open the shutters again.
So consumed was he with his portrayal that he nearly ran into the dead man, who was now crouched beside a low wall and fiddling with a grate embedded into the pavement. Before John could ask what he was doing (which would have been Not Good, considering the various corpses within hearing distance), he had curled his fingers underneath the edge of the grate and lifted it.
The dead man gestured to the door. “A-afterrr y-you.”
Such spectacles were rare these days. The dead were too hungry to appreciate it, and the living were busy with survival.
“Take my hand,” S ordered as they entered the stairwell. He turned to wedge a metal bar in the door and then held out his hand.
if you want the long version of the last 7 gd months or if you just want to bug me--I love talking to people!
S did not disappoint. Beckoning for the phone once more, he took it and quickly began typing more on the small, dusty screen.
The blonde woman nearly through the gates turned back, flashing a quick smile and readjusting her grip on her pistol. She stroked it lovingly as she waited to hear what he had to say.
He and Labcoat burst from the closet none too quietly, but the alive ones were distracted by the wave of dead at the door.
He snarled and grabbed the human from the shed and buried his face in that fragrant throat, rubbing his soiled cheek against the skin there.
The other man nodded and dropped back in line behind Stamford.
Shaken, S turned his face to the sky. A rare flash of sense-memory reminded him that he had once blown smoke into the sky over the city just like this, mulling over his problems, his place in it all. The flash of remembrance quickly faded, but he smiled nonetheless. He may be dead now, but he was doing the same sorts of things he’d done when he was alive. And apparently he’d managed to kick his smoking habit.
It was having mixed success, but suddenly S was in his mind, reviewing the deductions he’d made at the lab. He had a last name now: Watson. It was probably embossed on the tags around his neck--if they
He opened the door to an irate John, whose still-raised fist flew straight toward his face, glancing off one of the cheekbones John had made his name.
They were good at waiting. He had never much liked to do it, but that didn’t matter now. It was necessary. He gazed, nearly unseeing, at the far door, across rows of lab tables and broken microscopes.
Why had he thought this was a good a idea? In hindsight, one slightly eccentric corpse with inscrutable intentions was a vast improvement over the gathering horde which definitely meant to kill him. However, without opening the shutters again, he had no way of counting corpses and calculating his odds.
Greg Lestrade was in
John gaped after him, wondering just what in the world that meant. He’d only asked one question, for God’s sake!
They’d ventured out of the theatre, John necessarily wearing a fresh coat of distinctly-not-fresh blood harvested from S’s arm. He’d winced when S had beckoned for the dagger and sliced his own arm open. John reminded himself that he was a doctor and S was a corpse, which meant none of this should bother him. He’d instinctively gone to bandage up the wound but stopped when he saw the nearly stagnant flow of blood.
The shattered skull beckoned. The hunger did not demand it—he could leave her brain intact and she’d rise again with the rest of them. But this woman had been of little use to the living and would be of even less use to the dead;
His assistant had gone Missing in Action months ago. Silly mistake. He really was slipping.
He’d stepped back through the shattered glass of the restaurant’s door, ready to return home, when the wind brought him a hint of the smell from before. It was human and...oddly familiar.
John Watson had been through his fair share of scrapes. As a small, proud little boy with a querulous and overtly queer sibling, he’d been fighting, fighting, fighting since birth, it seemed. Medical school had been a fight against disease and exhaustion. The army, a true fight of violence and terror.
boneys conveniently transformed at night. All he needed was a dark corner and a candidate for transformation.
Admittedly, there wasn’t all that much to smile about, apocalypse and plague and downfall of civilization and all. The blank face turned toward him. “Doctor Watson, there’s been a change of plans. I want you and Doctor Stamford going with the group.”
“Not without Mary,” the shorter man returned, approaching them from across the room.
But then the Crisis started, and the true lesson John learned was that there was always more fighting to do. It was the lot of a soldier, he supposed, to fight all the way to the grave.
John wouldn’t let down his guard, but it didn’t take a genius to see he needed sleep. Maybe he was cold?
He reached between them and dug into the small cavity, coming back with grubby, blood-smeared fingers.
He waited like a madman for that little voice in his head to pipe up, but it remained silent, and John again wondered if he was going insane. Pursued by zombies, hearing voices, befriending corpses, and here he was standing on the bloody sidewalk trying to decide if he liked it or not.
“Ugh.” S’s voice came from behind him. John panicked for a moment when he felt two large hands grasp his shoulders and jerk him off balance, only to find himself collapsing onto a soft, familiar surface. It was the chair he’d slept in the last few nights. Had they reached the storage room already?
“So you’re saying what? That someone
S nodded and tried to collect his thoughts. I prefer to text. He looked at John searchingly. “Ph-one?”
John removed his hand.
While John was still running on the assumption that the crisis was caused by some sort of plague and was therefore curable by chemical means, Minister Holmes had insisted upon concentrating his efforts on the living; ensuring the survival of those that remained was far more important to the official than trying to save what he saw as unsaveable.
He clenched the glass bottle so hard he half-feared it might shatter--and then where would he be? Bloody, lacerated hands were unlikely to improve this situation--and dove through the open receiving window.
S stared at John as they wandered through the theater.
The hits just kept coming.
Before he could draw any conclusions, there was a scream. More dead streamed into the lab, drawn by the same scent that had brought him here. He heard the
Sunlight streamed across ceiling full force, informing him that he’d slept late for once. A strip of light painted half of that angular the face, creating an eerie effect as it lit up one eye but failed to shrink the pupil. The pale face, now blessedly free of blood, remained expressionless as he stared.
Even before the crisis, Mycroft Holmes had been a powerful man. The fact that his was not a household name made no difference--no one could ever see the puppetmaster, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t holding all the strings and suffering none of the consequences. John would begrudge him his ambition were it not so clear that he took no pleasure in it. He sincerely seemed to want the Citadel (and the human race) to be safe, secure, and (failing happy) at least content, without thinking once of his own needs.
S shook his head. He opened his mouth, but then seemed to think better of it and gestured for the phone again.
John sighed in exasperation at the unhelpful response before deciding to find out for himself. He reached a hand across himself into one of S’s pockets and found-- “Beans?”
The other dead had thinned out, leaving a bloody trail and a room less alive than it had been minutes ago. He spared a mournful thought for ‘John’, the short man who had caught his interest earlier. So little did these days. He treasured the times when he could deduce without having to consume someone else’s brain and memories, and the man had been a conductor of his own lost brilliance. Otherwise, everything was so
He was quite a sight, John. Any man would be dwarfed by the high halls and vast empty expanse of the stage, but his short stature did not make him less. Even in his awe of the place, he stood ramrod straight, hands tucked neatly behind his back, mouth pressed into a committed line of non-expression, even as those dark eyes conveyed his appreciation. This man had seen combat, he was sure. Perhaps it was responsible for every fold and line on his face and every silver strand amongst the blonde on his head. Or maybe it was just age.
Billy had carefully wiped the large blade on his trousers and nudged the head away with his foot, then turned and took no more notice of the thing as they reached their destination.
John’s legs may not have been as long as His-Dead-Nibs, but he was no slouch when it came to speed. His body still remembered hauling heavy packs and injured soldiers, triaging on the run. Thrilling zombie chases were just a warm-up.
” His eyes met S’s as he said this, deep blue boring into icy grey.
S was too consumed by his line of thought to register the unfamiliar voice, the memories, but even so, he could answer the question immediately:
S shook himself and patted his pocket, roughly half the brain still left for later. It was now quite clear that John hadn’t known about his fiancee’s activities. And now he had a name,
The dead man gave a one-shouldered shrug but looked relieved at finally being understood. “Okay, Shaun?”
So, armed to the teeth and with experienced doctors and lifelong Londoners leading the way, the team marched into the breach.
John raised his eyebrows incredulously and straightened. “Right. ‘Course.” He unclenched his fists and walked through the door--and then was promptly left in darkness as it slammed closed behind him.
AN: I'm still plotting the end of this, and I think I may need to create a literal timeline. This end-of-the-world business is just the pits to schedule! ;)
John noticed what he was looking at and shuddered. “Lord, those clothes haven’t seen a washer in years. You’ve got all kinds of things to wear in here.” He held up a brocade tunic that looked to be roughly S’s size. S winced at the awful garment, eliciting another low chuckle from John. ”You’re telling me you’ve never bothered to try any of them?”
He froze when she turned and caught his eye. Her brown eyes seemed sharper than the last time he’d seen her, but maybe that was his own changing perceptions. Regardless, he could not help but notice those eyes flicking between his protective stance and the prey he was trying to protect.
“Yes, I--wait, hang on, how did you know that?”
Even as he grabbed at her head, avoiding the ineffectual swings of her empty gun, he felt stirring of deductive thought clamoring to weigh in. Clearly proficient in a variety of weapons. The hair, from a bottle, meant to impress. A ridiculous vanity, even without having to worry about basic survival on a daily basis. The ring, recently engaged.
An unsettling realization, but no more so than the hoarse shrieks of incoming boneys slamming themselves against the doors of the parking garage. The rotten grey flesh of their faces smeared against the glass, and S knew it would not take them long to gain entry. He grabbed a convenient piece of metal rebar and gripped it tightly. Just because John did not belong to him didn’t mean he wouldn’t protect him however he could. He eyed the unconscious man.
He didn’t need to survive, of course, but live music might have made his death more palatable. Though the store of symphony-ready instruments behind the stage went a long way toward appeasing that distaste.
“Ease up, Mary,” he muttered.
Honestly, Greg couldn’t blame them. Normal missions lasted a few hours; their salvage group had been gone for two days. The fact that any of them were still alive at all was a bloody miracle, and clearly it stretched belief that they would be completely healthy and uninfected upon their return.
“Hmm, very enlightening. I’m afraid I must make a few Proclamations of Loss. If you note any other absences, do note them in your written report. Thank you, Lestrade.” He gestured at the door tiredly.
What did it mean?
John did not calm down. He thrashed even more, yelling some nonsense about how he was an idiot (
Mary whipped her head toward John. “You
. He started chuckling.
He had theories. Of course he had theories. But he was following a trail long gone cold, and the consequences of following it to its end could be...unpleasant. He wrinkled his nose in distaste at the inadequate description. Disheartening. Hurtful.
A minute of quicksilver typing later, John was staring at a rather eloquently degrading paragraph of text detailing every way in which he was wrong. He hadn’t even finished reading the screen before S withdrew the phone, smug grin firmly in place.
He pulled the dazed man against the wall and let go of his hand, instead raising them palms out in what he remembered as a universal sign of goodwill.
When he handed it back, John was amazed at the sheer number of words he had managed to enter on the screen. For a man who couldn’t seem to string more than a few words together without running out of breath, S typed unbelievably fast. When John actually read the words, however…
S looked at him sharply. “Murder?”
He really should’ve been expecting the shrug he got in response.
He’d seen this before. The living had an odd tendency to thrive on the companionship of other living. The dead were not nearly so sentimental, he mused. Even Labcoat, the closest thing he could call ‘friend’ had left, and he did not begrudge her for it. But here was this enigma of a man, willing to let his life slip away for some
He could hear just fine though. Disturbing scrabbling and scratching sounds echoed around the city. Small, inhuman grunts and a truly haunting shrieks seemed to come from just behind him, and the sounds of quickening footsteps grew ever closer. S was still determinedly running, tugging John behind him, occasionally jerking him sideways to dart down some unseen side alley or throughway. He, apparently, could see just fine, for which John was extremely thankful.
His brother was in the city somewhere. He just had to keep looking.
A minute or so passed as the corpse’s eyes darted about the room. He really was a curious specimen. John found himself warming to the concept of an independent study. Why did this corpse talk? Why hadn’t he eaten John?
The short blonde woman was yelling curses, holding off the others. Her position covering the group near the back of the lab meant she was unprotected. An easy target.
The object in his hand was an innocent tin of beans, and even amidst the chaos and chasing and attacks, John found himself tackled by two rather unexpected sensations. The first was easy to diagnose: hunger. Beans sounded fantastic right now. The second, however, was some sort of shivering? Shuddering? He opened his mouth to gasp and what emerged was the smallest giggle.
It was the longest sentence John had heard him utter. He even looked rather pleased with himself. But for a seemingly simple answer, it brought up some worrisome concerns. The crisis had started nearly five years ago, so S had been a survivor then. The tallies clearly marked days passed, hundreds of them.
S took the device and flipped it around in his hands, his mind whirling. It was an old model but still new enough to have smartphone capabilities.The engraving on the back read,
Behind the stage, a maze of narrow halls led to a variety of dressing rooms, prep rooms, rec rooms, storage rooms, and even what appeared to be a gymnasium of some sort. He prodded John into one of the storage rooms and shut the door behind him.
“Naame i-is Shhh…” he emphasized and then looked pleadingly at John.
They gritted their teeth through the retinal scans and blood drawing, and after about an hour of tense waiting outside the gates, they were cleared. As they were finally waved through, a tall guard approached them and put up his visor. “Bloody hell, how did you survive?”
John’s scent was stronger than ever though, and he was beginning to smell of fear.
When the yelling tapered off without John having gotten anywhere--he was stronger than he looked--he caught the short man’s gaze with his own. “F-ffinisshed?”
S pointed to a far wall. “Counting.”
The silver-haired man sighed and held his hands up in surrender as the Citadel guards swarmed around their party. Behind him, Sally protested loudly and Mike gave a ghost of a smile. Despite their familiarity around the damn place, they were still being treated as a threat.
in this situation if it weren’t for S.
“Bit warm, but who’s complaining?” He took another sip. “I haven’t had a beer in ages.” He settled back in the plush red chair that S had already come to think of as his, then belatedly offered the bottle to him. “Sorry, did you want one?”
The pounding on the stage door jolted him back to awareness. “Oy, Cheekbones! What did you do to my friends?”
Raising his nose to the wind, he allowed the scents of the city, overrun with gunpowder, death, and decay, to permeate his senses. His city had fallen, but whatever her fate, S would always belong in London.
. Corpses were
Honestly, it was terrifying.
He thought as he glimpsed the corpses all around him, blurred and inconstant, like a half-remembered dream. There couldn’t possibly be anything left to fight for now. Death would be so easy. Why did he have to fight it?
, and for some reason, that
“Why?” John’s hands had finished their exploration of his neck. The skin remained unbroken, but he’d have a nasty bruise soon.
He wondered absently.
Mary scowled. “Now who’s not taking this seriously?” She griped. “There’s no need to show off, John. If he’s got a broken wrist, he’ll be of no use in the city.” Billy whimpered at her feet.
