Yet it stung, that blame.
But not as badly as your hatred of me. Not as badly as having Mary come between us to broker a resolution.
“Would you like to measure my ear with your mouth?”
“I’m getting on my own room?”
“John? Are you okay?” I was inching over behind him and working out how I could slip my arms around him without disturbing him.
“Oh bugger!” He has twenty minutes to get to Kensington to speak with his bank about closing a joint account. “I have to go. So – see you all Saturday week, except you” –and he taps Sherlock’s shoulder gently – “I’ll see you at home, then.”
“No.” Sherlock is pouring tea, stretching the brew as he fills the cup. “You proved last time that you are useless at weddings so I’ve decided that all you have to do is take a shower and show up. And sign the certificate, obviously.”
“No thanks.  Are you the father?”
They had missed one another so sorely, but when John came back to Baker Street, neither he nor Sherlock fooled themselves: it could never go back to what it had been. Their time apart had been fraught, to say the least.
“I’ll get him some Brylcreem.” John kept stroking. “Actually, all that fluffy hair will fall out shortly, and he’ll start growing his real hair. He might have curls.”
"I really think she'd be happier there. I can always go and visit her if I have to."
It was important to me that Albion was well dressed, and I hoped that I could get him into the habit of staying well dressed. Clothing sends out very specific messages to people about how you perceive yourself and gives them clues about how they should treat you.  Being clean and groomed tells people you have self esteem. Wearing clothes that fit, in flattering colours, tells people you have self respect and are in control. People treat you differently if you can project those signals.
What's different? Why are you inviting me?
For John Watson is domesticated.
When we got home, I was able to feed him, burp him, change him and rock him to sleep with out any major incident.
She meant Albion. “Yes. This is Albion.” I wanted to ask her if she still had my lighter, but thought the better of it. John Watson does not approve of smoking.
John is more reserved, His hands in tucked deep in his jacket pockets and although he looks calm, he's not sure what he's actually doing. His mind is entirely alert and his body's pain free.
“Well, that should have been fun for the Prince.”
Sherlock sits back, puzzled and determined. “John, I don’t know exactly what happened. I am surmising that if Julia is responsible – and yes, I think she is – that she dropped her boss at the airport, drove to Mrs Best’s flat here for what ever reason, and saw the child, and then, for whatever reason, took her and killed her. She was seen at work as normal, so she has had to have disposed of the child very quickly. To my mind, it would be quicker to do so at the Wridges office. To have tried to kill and dispose of a child in the early morning traffic on Easter Thursday would have been onerous. And obvious.”
Sherlock doesn’t look up, and speaks through his tears. “How?”
I looked out at the black water that never stills, never stops travelling, always circulating around London in a perpetual rush.
“Did you ever fantasize about me?”
“Yes, but the Prince wasn’t particularly skilled in the area. The internet hadn’t been invented then so the Prince didn’t have the opportunity to work out what he should be doing. It was all a miserable failure, and the Prince left University and went to live in London, where he stayed with his big brother.”
"Did you steal that bird?"
That’s the thing about drugs. Adrienne wouldn’t even notice me if we sat opposite each other on the tube, but a few puffs of heroin and here we are, apparently about to have a baby.
Sherlock winks back.
That they managed to intercept Social Services was a happy co-incidence.
"Well you've checked. Now get back to work." Lestrade ends the call and throws his phone on the desk noisily. Why can't everyone just be nice? He sighs heavily and go backs to the start of the brief to try and work out all those mobiles again.
Albion was asleep now, no doubt because he was reassured that John Watson was coming home.  I reduced my voice to a whisper as I carefully lay him on his little blankets.
Thus the fatal wound was not a badly executed angry reaction, but the result of a festering grudge.
Dr Watson had no love for Social Services. His tone and determination to disagree illustrated he’d been harbouring a lot of hostility for quite some time.
And on the left hand side, where one would write their greeting, each one had exactly the same text:
I actually felt all right. I’m not one to dwell on how good or bad something might have been. This afternoon had been traumatic, but we were safe, and Albion was unharmed and sleeping soundly. In any case I had other things I wanted to discuss with John.
He made his way to the couch and sat with us. Albion stopped crying momentarily to see if John might do something interesting.
Soon we will walk in the sparkling air, down the scrappy little paths towards the minor cliffs where the colours change every minute. They will hold hands or link arms and complain that I that I can’t keep up because I had no breakfast – you should have taken more!
This was obviously a minefield. I had no doubt my brother had been working on this for months.
under cars
“Are we having normal sex?”
I made a mental note to put some roast beef in the blender.
For he can smooth sheets.
Her brothers visited her daily in those first months,  and Sherlock brought her gifts of chocolate, drawing paper, flowers he picked along the way and, before he left, three writing pads. (To be fair, it should be recorded Mr Holmes paid for most of these gifts.)
Sherlock watches as John, with a surgeon’s careful hands, makes each toe a pretty little jewel.
Lestrade is about to say, "I'll see what I can do," but knows it not good enough. "I'll send you a copy as soon as I get them. But tell me. What do you think? A sadist? Another junkie? What?"
Molly has agreed to take the autopsy as a priority, even though she now supervises two new forensic pathologists who are capable of doing the job.
"They're playing scrabble!" The brothers smile affectionately in the texting woman's direction for a second and then its back to business.
This could not be more ridiculous, Sherlock decides. “Oh, do you.”
"When you played Rugby."
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was stuck under tons of wet rags, shivering in his mind at his cold, unromantic heart.
Sherlock softly blows on his hot drink as he counts John’s fading footsteps.
"Close!" and she wriggles a little bit. "I'm Shona!"
My John has a shower to thaw. Hot water
“So he got married? That must have been hard for you.”
The interview goes around in circles for a few pages, and then another detective starts asking questions about the child’s relationship with her mother.
"Wrong. Serial killers escalate. They improve and enhance their technique. They start with one or two acts, sometimes not resulting in an actual death, and as they keep killing, each act gets more depraved, provided they're not disturbed. These killings are identical - they're brought to an abandoned house with virtually no sign of a struggle, they're stabbed twice in an identical way, they bleed and ultimately die in almost an identical way, and only the part of the bottle used to kill them is found. Where are the other broken pieces?"
“Yes.”
On the day of their six-month anniversary, Billy Kinkaid, who had exhausted the elasticity of the British legal system and was facing a thirty year stretch, blagged his way into the prison infirmary.
From the first moment I saw my son, I couldn’t stop looking at him. It was if my eyes had been programmed to follow his every move. It was unnerving. I followed the nurse and midwife around as they bathed him and weighed him;  all the time he was roaring at all them to keep their filthy hands to themselves, and then they invited me to cut his umbilical cord, which I though was a nice touch. He hated that too. Then, as I hovered still,  they tried to get Adrienne to hold him and she waved her hands at him and swore at them rather gratuitously and complained that she wanted to sleep.
John Watson cupped the silky little neck and drew Albion close so he could kiss his fuzzy head. Albion was losing his crest, and the very fine down that was coming up underneath was apparently wavy.
"Ooooooh! Here's one that might be perfect for you!" She taps a few more keys and a printer near her desk whirrs into life. While she leans over to grab the paper, John watches the small creases that form in her tight jumper as it catches and gathers around her thick belly. It would be bouncy, that belly, soft and warm. He wishes she'd get rid of the lipstick because that belly is an inviting possibility.
The Detective Inspector had also briefed John about Albion, which saved me going through the whole tedious story about his conception again.
She was heavily pregnant.
“Well, they talked to the postman, and one of the police reports said the neighbours didn’t see anything.” John is flicking back and forth through the yellowed pages, looking for anything that might help them now. “We need to talk to the mother. How do you find these people anyway?” John thinks they should go to the original address, at 17 Beecher St in Enfield.
“So now he’s living with you again.”
Sherlock interrupts his conclusion when he remembers something important. “Does the press know about this?”
Sherlock puffs up to his full height and lowers his eyelids slightly, standing at the stove with a teapot in his hand. “I’ll have you know that when I organised your first wedding, I was asked repeatedly what kind of food we were serving and who was being invited. Everyone wanted a good meal and to see an argument between possible adversaries or better still, someone objecting to the vows. People expect a show, John, which is why I’ve asked Mycroft to pay someone to organise a good one.”
For he is Pi.
She hears only the correct statement, puts her other bags on the floor and crouches down next to them. "Here, get out the way, both of you, let me have a go."
He also tried to build a cellar but it was a disaster. The temperature could not be controlled, and what looked good in design was actually cumbersome in practice.  He rented better storage in a nearby warehouse and the cellar stayed empty.
“His legs are fine. No nappy rash?”
Might as well get that nothingness underway.
John is still for a moment. His admiration is hard to express. "Let's get my boxes."
We were John’s family. That’s how he described us, and that was what had changed. John, the guarding angel, with both his wings unfolded and wrapped right around us.
Molly put my blood in the same bag as Albion’s. I took a photo on my phone of our blood side by side and have made it my wallpaper.
“I was captured by a group of henchmen who worked for a large criminal enterprise in Serbia. They beat me with chains and pipes to find out why I was trying to infiltrate them.”
This starts a general discussion about the way cats and Sherlock misbehave when they’re bored.
“I’m looking forward to the day when we can bring him down here and watch him run to the swings,” John said as we walked through the park.
Mycroft makes his own deductions as he and Rosie walk pass the woman in the doorway: Thirty-five. Neatly dressed, mid-price British clothing , on her way home from work. Left work early to come here, so the matter has been bothering her for some time. Charcoal grey jacket, skirt maybe two shades lighter – mid level management. Accountant, or maybe in-house counsel.  Other clothes are still in the drycleaners, so she hasn’t had time to collect them - possible holiday or spends too much time at work. But that heavy curly hair is not untidy, so her job doesn’t take up so much time that she can’t keep up hairdresser’s appointments. Uses expensive hair products, earning a good wage. Large-ish hand bag, leather, local designer – decorative more than practical, so no children.
“I want the yellow one,” John said as he put my tea on the coffee table near by.
Lestrade looks over at John and back to Sherlock. "He's a doctor?"
“Yes, clearly. Now, Dr Watson is your partner?”
“Throw it in the bin.”
“Am I?”
“You were born with your eyes open, watching everything. See how happy Sherlock is when you looked at him?”
Is a miracle for our times.
doing so because you've obviously followed some prosaic and not very useful advice."
Albion and I sat at her kitchen table. This calmed him down a little. Mrs Hudson leaned over him and stared very carefully, so I moved his blanket to enable her see his perfect face clearly.
I could be blindfolded at night in
“What’s the problem?” the father says warily as he approaches.
“So lovely. So smooth and warm and lovely.”
The judge looked at his both like we were crazy people. I made up my mind then to come back with Albion when he was reading Moliere in a couple of years’ time and illustrate the value of my plan.
They had left a very detailed indecipherable email trail, all in code and written in a complicated hybrid of French, English and Welsh. I can speak all three, so once I’d worked out how they were using the different languages, deducing what they were saying wasn’t very difficult.
At night I’d lie in the dark and wonder why I loved John Watson. I still hadn’t worked it out.
Sherlock and John sit in their chairs. John scrolls through requests on his phone, and Sherlock reads Le Monde on his. Occasionally one or the other will look over to Mycroft and Rosie. John has come to realise that Mycroft would have made a wonderful parent, while Sherlock has come to realise that Mycroft truly regrets what happened to Eurus.
Before long I was there with them, travelling through this sad case where they found the gift of one another. Small parts of it were familiar, mostly the little dog who growled while I sat on Sherlock’s lap. I wasn’t frightened, for there was nothing to be frightened of.
I do.
He turned off the light and closed the curtains so I could see the phosphorescent stars he had adhered to the ceiling. Thus Doctor Watson had made Albion’s nursery a visual lesson in night and day.
One of the more humourless visiting psychiatrists, a tall greasy man from Quantico, concluded that Eurus was not a sociopath at all – in fact, quite the opposite: her feelings were not only as imprecise and intense as most people, but commensurate with her superlative gift of reason and comprehension.
I was able to work out why one generic person might love another generic person. I was able to work out why I loved my insufferable brother, my parents, Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard, my landlady and my friend Molly at St Bart’s lab where I steal test tubes and Petri dishes.
The group stands and watches the chastened boys and the dad walk away as quickly as they can.
“You’re a strong little bloke, aren’t you? I’m just going to have a quick feel here, under your chin.”  He took Albion’s pulse and nodded as he carefully ran his fingers over the unblemished surface of his arms.
"Well, there's lots of variables."
“And who is he?”
“Do you know what you should do when you want to join in but you think others won’t let you?”
"Hello Mummy!" His excitement is almost impossible to contain. His mother has never visited him anywhere. "Papa!"
"I don't want to spy on you."
But, of course, it is Sherlock who observes them as one might watch an abcess rupture, before he moves forward to defend his blog’s number one reader.
“Not necessarily. But they can be as nice as that one.”
"Each killing is identical."
The judge stared at me for a few moments. She had a toothache and her husband worked as a carpenter.
John, resplendent in his tattered clothes, could hear the emotion in my voice, which was a bit disconcerting for both of us.
It was fitting that Albion’s first ever excursion would be to St Bart’s, where I spend a lot of time using the forensics lab and, more importantly, where I first met John Watson.
"Exactly."
“That was a long time ago, and if I’d had a better understanding of the situation – if someone had been thoughtful enough to keep me advised – I wouldn’t have said it.”
The curtain swings back and it's the nurse, pushing a trolley filled with an assortment of gauzes, tapes, canulas and fearsome steel implements. John gives her a bright smile. "Thanks for that!"
“Next time we’re in a drain I’ll find you a rat nest and you’ll change your mind.”
Sherlock has carefully slipped his tongue into the delectable little gaps between John’s buttons and left a tiny print on the warm flesh that turns cold as soon as the air hits it. He pokes at the pleasing hard tum as he turns his face to continue.
I stared at Adrienne when I opened the door because all her symptoms of pregnancy were rushing at me and I wanted to catalogue them as quickly as I could. I don’t get to speak with women at nearly full term very often and there are many important clues that I wanted to note. For example: did you know the lining in a woman’s nose has increased sensitivity to scent during pregnancy AND that this sensitivity is carried over to the first few weeks post partum?  The flesh around Adrienne’s nose was a little puffy.
His skin is the colour of a sparrow’s beak.
Then there's the small drawstring bag filled with the a diaspora of objects left over from the Army: a couple of maps (folded and dirty), a couple of lists of all medical personnel (three of whom are now dead) from different camps John worked in, a couple of identity cards he'd been issued at different times, a small length of carefully woven coloured cord that was once a bracelet but has been cut near the knot that fastened it, a plastic hospital identity bracelet he'd worn after he was flown out of the field and admitted to an army hospital in Belgium before they flew him home and - he picks them up with fondness and a little reverence - his dog tags, the small flat discs with his name, his number, his birthday, his blood group and his religion, all the information about him worth knowing reduced to a tiny shiny surface that had sat flat against his chest for nearly seven years.
“Yes. Not with a boat mind, but he worked out that he was able to pillage all the information he wanted from behind the counter. He watched people who came into the shop and took notes about everything. He opened every brand of cigarette and taught himself the difference between the different types of ashes.
“I don’t think he’s too sure himself. But don’t let that worry you. If it’s any consolation, I loved it. Albion will too one day.”
“What are we going to do with Eurus?” Uncle Rudy asks the room.
Sherlock breathes audibly through his nose. “A straight boy. And no, he didn’t do it on purpose and yes of course I realise that it is something I have to rectify, not him. Outside of those salient details, you are entitled to know no more. Now change the subject. Tell me about Bosomy Rose. Did you see the scars?”
“I was high the whole time. I didn’t even know how long I’d been there when they arrested me.”
“Arterial blood spurts at a very sharp angle,” John reminded me. “The person closest to the victim at the time of impact would have been drenched, and on the upper body, if they were both standing. If the victim was sitting, that table would be covered with blood, but there’s only a few drops.”
“Hallo!” John is happy to see his best friend. “Did you get your feathers?”
Standing in the boat is Eurus, pointing her own plastic cutlass to the horizon, and yelling various threats at Mycroft as he drags the boat.
John Watson made a soft little scowl in response to the suggestion of a big bowl of spicy noodles.
John looks up and smiles. "Can you talk while I'm doing this? I need to get this patient stitched quickly."
He has brought a file with scraps of a brief supporting the investigation of the Broken Beer Bottle Killer. It provides some information about an especially unlikable person who stabs people in the throat with a broken beer bottle in abandoned houses. Each of the four victims has bled to death slowly and in horrible choking pain.
Sherlock reads the cards carefully. Captain. Doctor. Blood group A. Roman Catholic. 15 May 1972. He feels the small leather wallets they're kept in, runs his thumb over the stitching, smells the smooth worn backs.
“I thought women weren’t you’re area.”
John stares at the little bird for some long seconds before turning his sad gaze to Rhonda.
And so the big cat conversation starts. Everyone wants to know about the cat and the employment opportunity for the cat. Have you got a picture? How old is it? What's her name? Who calls a cat Rhonda? Isn't she pretty! I used to have a cat like that when I was a kid but it was black and we called him Sausage. Why can't you keep her? Are you allergic? My Uncle Mick is allergic to cats. What nursing home is your nana in? How did the therapy cat die? What's a therapy cat?
“Kurt Vonnegut,” John said absently.
“Because I want to. I might like it. Why do you want to date to date a woman with obviously enhanced breasts?”
“I’m telling you now. Shut up. The Prince made up some ludicrous hypothesis about studying the properties of saponification with a view to creating synthetic fats that would produce very concentrated commercial soaps and at the same time followed Victor around, hoping he might notice him.”
Angelo’s wife, Marina, his kitchen staff and the wait staff all gathered around us. Albion studied them all and assessed whose hair he would like to pull most.
“There’s no need for that,” Lestrade said in a surprisingly calm, reasonable voice. “Just put the weapons down.”
“We’ll have to chase all the other less entitled children away first.”
“I’m going to buy him some things. What have you got so far?”
The lesson is an easy one and a thrilling appetizer.
“Probably. She’s East German, and was in the secret police.”
She  is  wrapping her  legs  around  him but it doesn't feel  sincere.  There  is  no  desire  or tenderness; it is acts she has read about or seen in films and the lack of depth of her feelings for him mean they are actions only and not the heartfelt responses he craves. Her unwashed skin smells of artificial musk and a close reproduction of white flowers; her breasts are squashy and feel shapeless under his hands. She is thrusting at him with a lewd, gasping sort of laugh and he jams his eyes closed and aims at the slippery warm wetness that must, he hopes, offer some kind of payoff for this charade. For a few seconds he thinks it might but his heart's not in it and his mind races for an image or memory of anyone he might actually desire.
John lifts his chin and accepts the challenge, stretching his hand to Sherlock and walking with him to his bedroom.
“Actually, the internet was invented in 1969.”
softly shaped brunette with a delectable smiling mouth who is transfixed by her mobile phone, thumbs working at a blistering speed as she leans against the car.
Jenny passed Mycroft on the stairs as she left. She couldn’t look at Rosie.
Sherlock swallows heavily. “Very well.” They stand looking at one another until Sherlock gets impatient. “What are you waiting for?”
John sits up a little straighter. "Really?"
“Yeah.”
No one would be taking Albion away now that Doctor Watson was here.
“Just so I’m certain. You love me?”
“Of course he looks like me. Who do you think a baby I made is going to look like? Noddy Holder?”
The receptionist shrugs. “Apparently.”
Carbohydrates and the excitement of nearly being stabbed to death eventually take their toll. Sherlock grows drowsy and thinks it's possible he might sleep a couple of hours. He closes his eyes to check.
"Yes. Don't worry. He won't use violence. He just wants to pay you to spy on me."
“I have renewed the milk, “ Anya said as she reached for her handbag. “I hope you all have a beneficial walk and will be seeing you in the morning. Good night, Mr Albion.”
“Doctor Watson! How wonderful to see you!”
Sure.
“Okay.” I pulled him a little closer and kissed his hair. “So after the pretty lady was arrested, the Prince, who she shot again, went to hospital and the Woodsman gave up on everything and walked around the world. The Prince was heartbroken. He rushed out, still with his stitches in, looking for drugs and apparently had sex with a strange kind of fairy who ended up having a baby, which she didn’t want and who the Prince adored. But he was only able to adore the baby because the Woodsman had taught him where his heart was, and how much love it could hold.”
cane. "So you're hoping for a career in medicine?"
"He's gone," she's says airily. "He does that, just takes off without telling anyone. "
Today I marry brave.
“Aghh!” John grimaced but only for a second, and then broke out laughing, his most genuine, delighted laugh.  “You win!” he said to her, really pleased, and the love slopped out and rushed right through me.
“You have taken off your beard,” Anya observed correctly.
It was relatively straightforward case. I thought weeks of attending a small noisy person with no teeth and an indifference to personal hygiene might have scrambled my brain, but to my surprise  I had no trouble gathering the information and making deductions, and was able to sustain a mental image of Albion at the same time, so I was certain I was ready to resume work.
“I know darling, but just in case. Okay?”
Sherlock takes a deep breath but doesn’t look up. “Can you make it go away?”
John is stroking the fine cheekbones and watching Sherlock’s mental activity blaze in his exquisite eyes. “What are you thinking?”
"I'm not a cheap date. Now I need you to take a walk and get my brother over and done with."
Nothing is happening. His whole life is a loop of tedious commitments and tribulations that mean absolutely nothing. He is losing a grip on everything.
“Aren’t they great?” Annette says without a hint of shyness. “Cost me six thousand quid.”
“Ah. Chemist in the Highgate Village. Masked assailant stormed in with a sawn off shot gun and made all kinds of threats.”
John was unbuckling his seatbelt. “This is us, Sherlock.”
Thank you.
John and Shona crept clumsily through her dark house, past the shut door of her flat mate's room, past the half opened door of her other flat mate who must have stayed somewhere else tonight, into Shona's room where, when she switched on the light, John wished he was anywhere but.
John, pouring a cup of tea before he leaves for work, gives him a shy smile. “Well, no one’s ever written poems for me before. I want to keep them safe.”
So far Sherlock hates this day and, at this stage in proceedings, is not especially enchanted by the case: some boring inbred bint who has managed to have herself photographed by a sex worker while on the receiving end of a riding crop is not the kind of enthrallment he believes he has prepared himself for. When he is fully dressed he sits elegantly, behaves with great deference and courtesy as he has bred to do but even as he makes his way to Belgravia is thinking that it should only take a couple of minutes and then he can go back to pacing his flat and wait for a real case.
John reads slowly, softly biting his lower lip. Oh, he says in a whisper. This one is slightly more personal and very new, for he and Sherlock never comment on their personal appearance in any romantic sense. John admires Sherlock physically and he likes to think that he in turn is admired, but they never say as much, not yet, not in these early stages.
I had my latest notebook on hand too, because there were many aspects of tummy time that I wanted to record for future reference.
John smiles. “It’s also different when the person likes you.”
“They were going to extradite her to the States. At least eleven counts of murder, all over the world. Probably more. If she ever gets out over there, she’ll go straight to prison somewhere else.”
“Tell me how you both came to the decision to have a baby.”
I was delighted. He had deduced that he was in an element different from air, and he sought to discover what the element tasted like. I was convinced he was a genius, but only because until that point he couldn’t do anything unaided at all, except stare at wallpaper.
“What, is this private property?”
I rang the hospital twice that night. I wanted to know my son was alright. They said he was, but I could hear a lot of screaming in the back ground.  I deduced they were all the other less composed babies.
After she's gone they get to work on the scones. They're very good.
“SHERLOCK”, everyone says again except Molly, who despite her best efforts, bursts into girlish sniggers that she tries to conceal behind Lestrade’s shoulder.
“How is that going?”
Be there in 20 minutes.
They’re both very relieved when Mrs Hudson shows Detective Inspector Lestrade in into the flat. She stops short when she sees the flashes of dark blue.
For there is no room for anyone else.
Rudy stares into the fireplace. He wonders how on earth this pair even managed reproducing.
“The person who has grabbed her hasn’t thrown the shoe,” Sherlock says. “ It would have landed at an angle, further up here. No. The shoe has slipped from the child’s foot as she kicked.”
Sherlock nods. “Follow me.”
And then Charlie opens the door and John sees the wide window that looks out on to trees and a small patch of grass and other houses, everything in colour even against this grey Saturday morning and he says, even before he sees the lone squirrel staring off in to the distance in the largest tree outside, oh this will do nicely. Yes, this is very nice. I'd love to live here.
She is vivacious and funny and so smart she make people's eyes water. Her cleverness comes with no conditions and no apologies.
Not surprisingly, Albion was a very important factor in the kind of couple John and I were to become.
John has half decided that he simply can't live with a warlock and a cat who clearly has behavioural problems, but the walk to the room is a long one - especially so on a cane - and does seem to provide some separation from the rest of the house. He is certain he could have nightmares here in peace.
“Oh, you know,” she said, although none of us actually did, “I can’t complain. “ She then turned her attention to Pudding Bowl Lady. “Anya, was it?” I’m Martha Hudson. Nice to meet you.”
All his indicators sink and wallow like seaweed
John burst out laughing and after a second or two, Sherlock laughs with him.
“Did you choose the colour, or did a woman in boots help you?”
“This is not a very uplifting story.”
“Papa said I kissed you so many times that you were in danger of dissolving!”
“Is that for my benefit or for his?” I asked as I drew my knees up and rested Albion against them. He had calmed down now we were home and was looking at me, smiling and cooing.
“Will you miss me?” she asks, before Sherlock and Mycroft and Papa leave for the airport.
I think you have my bird. I saw your sign on the pole. Do you still have it
The men set about finding the boxes they want. Sherlock stacks them in the van. Before they leave, John staples a copy of his email to the log book, and Greg signs for the receipt of the files.
“Mr Albion might enjoy to have a dummy to use up all his saliva,” Anya suggested.
"Oh! Yes, Mike, of course. Good to see you." John extends his hand and Stamford shakes it enthusiastically. "Are you working here?"
"I have an excellent pain threshold."
Their bodies still slightly slippery from the oils. John rubs their cocks together and they come fast, breathing thick breath into one another's mouth, heavy eyed and overwhelmed at how close they feel. It doesn't seem right, Sherlock thinks, it seems impossible that one person can make you feel so much.
”Of course you do! Let’s hear it.”
"Is she lucid?" Sherlock asks.
"A lot of blood. But the same amount of blood that I've seen at the other three scenes."
When he slept I talked to him about gravity mostly because it is fascinating and also so he’d have a head start on all the other kids at school.
"That will be four hundred and forty pounds."
For he has made his home in me.
"No ambulanth," he says.
Sherlock dutifully files that in the mind palace.
"Okay. I'll see you later."
4. John hadn’t acted on Sherlock because Sherlock gave him no indication to do so.
“I worked at Superdrug for a bit in Lewisham. Had a job in a carwash for a bit, and worked at a factory where we packed biscuits. Then I was unemployed for a long time.”
“So. Jeremy. Why are you robbing chemists?”
He wants to tell him more, something that mirrors the vast impact the poems have on him, but his feelings have no shape or order yet so he declares his intention to get dressed quickly, lest he is late for work.
“All the things you’ve said and done, your personal preferences for food, drink and clothing, your favourite books and films and your sock index. And stop making sad cow eyes about being uninteresting. I meant that it’s uninteresting to you. It is endlessly fascinating for me.”
John only has room in his life for me.
“What did you do with the diary pages from the filofax?”
She'll then be debriefed and redeployed to another top secret military facility."
“What business are we discussing, my dear brother?” (I was in phenomenal mood, or at least would be for another two minutes, until Mycroft ruined it.) “Be quick, Anya will be here any moment.”
“Yes. You’re aware though, that from an evolutionary standpoint, he resembles you so you won’t eat him.”
Thank you for protecting me from the ninja of the unwanted.
They have been standing in the same place for nearly four hours. Sherlock had promised John it would take no longer than forty-five minutes but it is just so interesting.
The dealer grunts like a boar. "Whaddya want."
There are a whole lot of other factors that hindered us, dull things we kept doing wrong – John dating a string of colourless women, both of us playing chicken with criminals every week, me declaring my sociopathy as a warning, my fake suicide, John marrying a psychopathic assassin – and these are precisely the reasons that I thought it was high time John Watson and I threw caution to the wind and rushed into one another’s arms. All the bad things that could possibly happen have happened to us, along with some impossible bad things that no one could imagine. We’ve endured it all and still we’re friends.
Both children are eventually carried inside by Papa and Mycroft.
“You must have been in agony,” I said quietly.
Rudy is right, of course. A few weeks later, when the arrangements are in place, he gathers the three Holmes siblings, and they sit before him on one of the large velvet couches in the main drawing room.
“You’re good,” I whispered back.
“I really should be nicer to Gawain.”
Ademar has been tomming for four years so is nonplussed that a client has appeared so early in the day. He assesses Sherlock with calm eyes. “You must be Sherlock,” he says eventually.
“Oh,” Molly squeaks.
And so on.
"Too easy." And Sherlock explains the cat clues.
"Of course. Good to see you, Stamford."
This was discovered after she was tracked down by Interpol, who sought her arrest for twenty four murders on behalf of three separate governments.
“It’s for the best,” Mycroft tells his little brother. “Eurus is far more clever than you and I and even Mummy and Papa combined and multiplied by a thousand. She needs to have very clever people helping her learn even more things, and there aren’t any people clever enough in all of England to help her.”
Down on the shore, Victor and Sherlock have largely exhausted their game. They’ve chased each other over and over, duelled twice with plastic cutlasses and scanned the horizon with a makeshift telescope (constructed from a cardboard tube and cellophane) for cargo ships they might plunder. Victor is thinking he might go home, and Sherlock is desperately searching for other things to keep him interested when they hear a shrill little voice in the distance. They turn around to see a barefoot Mycroft in long shorts, an open shirt topped with Papa’s vest, and a bandanna tied around his head. He is pulling a rope over his shoulder, and it’s attached to the old row boat that has sat rotting in the stables for more than a decade.
“Yes. Albion likes stories about animals – particularly boars - and he likes stories with morals. Sometimes I incorporate him into the story, but only as a bystander or as a hero. Never with a gun or sword though.”
“Of course. It was beautiful. “ John is carefully wringing out a tea bag, smiling to himself. Sherlock can’t take his eyes from him. “I love listening to orchestras. It really sounds different, hearing them live – you can hear how much they love playing.”
John stops mid-swab and steps back slightly. "Sorry?"
“Hmphh. I went to school and did A levels. I read novels when I had to.”
“How is the baby?”
The tiny whiskers and dew drop of a nose make him smile a little.
“He’s informing on his wife. And I expect on all the people she took payment from.”
"You look smart in your new collar." John turns to Matron. "Did someone make this?"
“I already told you yes in New York,” Adrienne said, a touch irritated.
By the time they’re back at Baker St, Sherlock has already read two. Both are missing boys – one aged nine, the other 11. The first went missing in 1966 after visiting a shoe store, the other was last seen wearing old plimsolls in 1971.
Massage oil, Sherlock decides. Bath Sex! He puts his large beak aside to get things rolling.
John doesn’t agree or disagree, but gets into a cab with Sherlock and stares at his hands as the cab moves into the traffic.
For his chest is hard and furry.
Molly
“Fucking suits,” John says as he gathers up three pairs of beautifully tailored trousers from the floor of Sherlock’s room. “Fucking overpriced silk and cotton shirts hand finished by some fucking poncey tailor in Shoreditch. Fucking expensive suits made from the finest fucking wool from the nicest fucking sheep,” he continues. “Fucking business card, falling on my clean floor,” and as he bends to pick it up, his rage swells and pops like a blister.
If there is any one thing more dull than undergoing surgery, it is recovering from surgery. People are supposed to REST when they have had surgery. It makes sense in theory but I find I actually get worse when I REST.
“No. I’m with him at all times, or he’s with the nanny.”
I could feel John smiling. “Then what happened?”
The Dead Zone ends here.
For he watches Rugby with Lestrade.
The shadows of skin in the tiny creases near his ear
Left home yesterday without his wallet and phone, looking to end it all. So he's left things behind at the Warlock's house. Military man wouldn't leave a mess. He's packed already. Not that he has much anyway. Eight years away, last year in spiralling depression - hardly going to be accumulating anything. Besides a cat. Can he bring his cat here? Cats are interesting. Could experiment on a cat. To an extent. Could John come here and be in my home? He has a gun and is
John Watson was standing in the doorway in his pyjama pants and a robe, which meant I could see tantalizing glimpses of his honey coloured belly, juxtaposed against the glimpses of his surprisingly neat toes.
Mycroft beams. “Very good! And what do we do when a client calls?”
"Explain the entire case, and how you calling him now will progress the investigation."
Sherlock laughs. "Actually, he was a steroids fiend."
“You’ll do no such thing. He’s assured a place at Pimlico because of Father, and I’ll get him on the list for Eaton House when I get back to the office. I’m on good terms with the a couple of the Governors so he should get a place confirmed in a couple of days. Also, he’ll need a nanny while you’re doing cases.”
Molly called and texted, Mrs Hudson would pop in.
"We'll follow you in a cab."
Anderson calls, seemingly about some insignificant administrative issue. Lestrade waits wearily for the inevitable question.
“Sherlock, we’ve made you a little supper and a warm drink. Anya’s got a feed ready for Albion too. Isn’t it awful, Mr Holmes? Poor Sherlock! It’s just not safe anywhere anymore.”
John Watson was famous amongst his friends and acquaintances for his large collection of jumpers. They don’t make many good jumpers for very little babies, but I was able to get some very good soft knitted cardigans.
“I want a big bag of hot chips and to sit with you somewhere quiet for a few hours.”
Blowing a raspberry on a wriggling pink tummy is not as simple as it sounds. It took me three attempts to get it right.
"He then calls the dealers on their own phones to set up delivery." "Yes. Think of it as a kind of mobile phone switchboard."
My John’s foreskin has a nap like nubuck
I hated to ask the next question but I had no choice. “Can they take him off me?”
“All of my babies had dummies and they have developed to be normal humans,” Anya added.
“John, this has been agonizing. You know how I hate surprises. Just let me read it and I promise I won’t change a syllable. Unless it’s wrong.”
The former client, Doctor Ludwig Bails, will study them carefully, and read Rudy’s letter twice. The drawings bring him a nauseating mixture of  fear and hope, tempered with a liberal dash of scientific curiousity.
He studied all the customers’ clothes and the way the way the handed over the money and how they spoke to each other and he got very good at deducing.”
Decades of all the mundane and interesting things
The first time Mycroft saved me I had just turned two. We were visiting some terminally dull relatives in Greece and who owned an unnecessarily big house outfitted with a tennis court, orange trees and a pool. I still can’t fathom what they needed those things for. They lived on a part of the the coast that looked over an impossibly beautiful expanse of ocean. That should have been enough.
She didn’t even leave a note.
John’s face is unreadable but Billy can see it in his eyes - the caution, the protectiveness.
Not that it mattered. Fiona was monumentally boring. She wasn’t interested in criminals or shooting things or hearing about Afghanistan or how brilliant John’s flatmate was. She was interested in running marathons, cooking elaborate cakes and the re-introduction of capital punishment. She made John lonely for Sherlock.
“She fooled us all. John caught her in the prosthesis. It was very messy. The situation, I mean. He left her and she’s now in South Africa, I believe.”
“I did,” Mycroft called from the kitchen, “But not in a nasty way. You just looked so soft and chewy.”
John uses his best bedside manner. “Have you seen a doctor?”
The walk is not helping. John’s leg hurts more and his rage is barely contained. His problems and concerns seem less manageable in the endless streets of London: John decides he needs to assess them in the confines of his room.
“Have you dropped by to gape at me or can I help you with something?”
One does. The other has interesting lesions in the throat, nasal and aural canals.
There's a huge brass knocker cast in the shape of a lion flush in the middle of the door and small black door bell to the right.
The envelope was filled with 108 postcards from cities in Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Morocco, Zambia, Tanzania, Victoria Falls, South Africa, Reunion, Madagascar, Beijing, Japan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, The Philippines, Indonesia, New Zealand, Australia, the Antarctic, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Mexico, Canada and the United States.
After she leaves, Ademar talks to him about his burgeoning sexuality, and explains to him the intricacies of topping and bottoming.
“Well, he didn’t get to actually handle any bees, which was disappointing, but the lab was across the road from a Magistrate’s Court so when it was quiet, the Prince used to go and sit in on the criminal court listings. Because he was good at deducing, he became very good at working out if a person was guilty or not.”
“I think you’ve slept more in the last 48 hours than you did in the entire time I lived here before.”
"The question is why."
"I don't have a cat." And then he remembers Rhonda and grimaces a bit.
“Well, he’s in,” John said.
"You'll be very happy here but Sherlock will drive you mad. When he does, you just pop down and see me. The kettle's always on! "
“Mycroft’s up to something,” I said after a while.
“I can’t. I think that’s painfully obvious. But it’s for you, not the New York Times, so I thought I could…you know, be honest. Sent-i-mental. And I hoped you wouldn’t mind that it’s not very accomplished.”
John Watson was most interested in Adrienne. I could feel his curiosity growing as he sorted through all the questions he wanted to ask. He settled on a gentle one to start.  “So what kind of work are you doing?”
Kill yourself. Kill you. John inches through this carefully, spreading the words apart, joining them back together. Killing myself. Me. He means me.
“Just changing his pants,” John told him.
I had wandered off from whatever dreary gathering was being conducted and made my way to the pool, where I was certain there would be frogs. Obviously I was an idiot infant because I had yet to take into account the use of commercial chlorine and the effect of chlorine on frogs.
Sherlock looks at both his hands and wrinkles his nose slightly.
Uncle Rudy turns back to watch Sherlock and Victor play. Sherlock is the odd one, wedged between the precise, highly strung Mycroft and the extraordinary, tightly bound Eurus. Sherlock has the open heart, the most desire to smile and enjoy. He is, Rudy worries, the one most likely to end up the mortally wounded in this haphazard household of well meaning but essentially clueless parents.
I liked John from the moment I met him. He is as you find him – honest, devoted, a man of great moral fortitude – and he doesn’t utilise any kind of artifice. That’s a rare thing. Most people employ a bit (or a lot) of artifice in their every day life and their personality is a cocktail of the faces they use in public and the person they are in private. John Watson is pure, unblended flavours. He is always polite because he believes that is the best way to treat another person. He is never willingly cruel. But he’s not garrulous either. He can be quite curt, prickly even. He will not court you with mindless small talk if he doesn’t want to speak with you.
My John can feed himself but
For a minute the bitter cold of a Serbian winter fills the room.
Sherlock collected small fetishes for a while and silently adds shirts to the long neglected list.
“Sounds fine,” John says as he pulls the phones from his ears and lets the instrument hang around his neck. “Anything else?”
He had dark hair, my ears and my mouth, perfect sample–size reproductions of them. His fingers were long and his toes were red. He was as soft and silky as clotted cream when you dunk your hands into a vat of it, which I have done on three separate occasions.
“Do you want me to?”
I left soon after. Lestrade was satisfied with my deductions and Lewisham is a long way from home. In any case, I had to get home to start preparing for tummy time.
"It's quicker if I do it" -
Soon the warm box smells of chips, beer, hamburgers and cooked sausage. Everyone talks and laughs except Sherlock, who likes to concentrate on chips when he has them. He starts in the centre where the chips are heaped, eats until he reached the surface of the bowl, then works his way around the remaining circle of chips in a counter clockwise direction. (Other times he likes to lay them all out side-by-side, salt them individually before consuming them one by one, but that requires the chips to be extremely hot, as well as a large clean table.)
“Unequivocally.”
“I see. What do you do?”
For he makes a fine cup of tea.
“I suppose. Look, I have to – hang on, does his nappy match the wallpaper?”
Office after office - it’s a depressing dead end. The interior offers no clues, or any kind of indication, as to how or where a child’s body might be concealed.
Sherlock looks at him hopefully, expecting the penny drop any moment.
“New memo from the Chief says we now have to include cold cases in our monthly figures so I need to close as many live cases as I can.”
Donavan and Lestrade look at each other excitedly. The money? That is exactly the missing link the police are looking for.
“What about you?”
John brings a seat over, just in case.
“What is that peculiar smell?” Mycroft said by way of greeting. Before I could answer, he started a bit then stood very still. “Who is that?”
Again, on cue, my son opened his bleary eyes and looked at me with mild interest.
“John, how much drool can a nineteen week old infant produce in a thirty second period?”
“Do you think Albion likes them?”
"Yeth." Sherlock closes his eye as the dull glint of the suture needle passes close by.
The Detective Inspector came striding in, looking around in case there was a clue, any clue, that might be useful in any of the countless criminal investigations his team were currently failing to solve. He takes that approach everywhere. He’s always looking for clues and so rarely finding any.
There were a lot of things to celebrate – John Watson’s return, Social Services not removing my baby, Albion’s first toy – so we ended up having a little tea party as we all set about trying to assemble Molly’s generous gift. Seasoned fathers and purveyor of toys, Lestrade and Dr Watson, led the charge while Molly unpacked the frame. I looked closely at all the components, Anya read the instruction manual and Albion watched from Mycroft’s lap.
John is silent and Sherlock finally understands everything that he did wrong, all the things he hadn’t planned for.
John draws a breath.
“Who’s that?”
Sherlock grumbles, but doesn’t disagree.
Someone then jumped in to save both of us, because Mycroft was not a particularly good swimmer. He did get my head above water, though.
My father remembered it differently. “Actually it was. You had a great big red ring on your cheek for days.”
On my way to speak with an old orthonologist friend. Researching psittacosis. Need some more feathers.  SH
Sherlock is in a wonderful mood when he gets home. Ademar not only gave him some much-needed relief but also provided all kinds of helpful advice. There’s no shame, he told him. John is a wonderful person, it is no surprise you fell in love with him. Don’t be ashamed of yourself. Continue to love John, but concentrate on channeling that love into your friendship. Keep reminding yourself how important the friendship is to you. Focus on making your friendship stronger everyday. We’ll exorcise your physical yearnings for John here and soon they’ll start to fade. As your yearnings for John decrease, you’ll be able to start looking for a partner, a man with whom you can have a wholly fulfilling relationship. Come and see me whenever you want.
Sally Donovan is hanging around Lestrade's office door while he is still trying to work out how the Broken Beer Bottle Killer used all those mobile phones. It's doing his head in.
"He isn't bringing anyone to the scene. He's accompanied by a doctor - a very good doctor from what I've seen - who actually helps him with the cases."
“Yeah.” John looked at me with sadly. “Remember when you said ‘you chose her?’”
"Why?"
YOU ARE WHOLLY MAGNIFICENT.  SH
Sherlock, who right about now would be flinging himself off the top of St Barts if John walked through the park two years ago, has been responsible for a lot of things happening to John.
Sherlock was nonchalant.
John carefully adjusted my clean baby in my arms. “Here. Hold this while I get his bottle and make us tea.”
She rubs her head against his hand and closes her bright lime eyes for a second. It's nice to see old friends. She watches as they go, and John turns around briefly for one last look. Bye Captain! Thanks for dropping by! Bye Lenny! Look after the Captain!
“Do we get an opportunity to discuss this?” John asked.
“That sounds like the perfect date,” is the best he can manage with his pasted on smile. “I hope you both have a wonderful evening.”
Ademar Silver is a pleasant chap. He has sandy hair that flops neatly across his square head and inoffensive blue eyes. His smile is shy and his thinking is considered. On first meeting, people wonder if he is thick or perhaps managing a learning disability. Neither is true – Ademar just likes to take his time when he thinks things through.
And then he surprises everyone by actually speaking unprompted, and not about work either.
“John, rest assured that there is always a room for you here. Consider yourself my flatmate starting now.”
“He’s my best friend who is walking around the world. He is a soldier and a doctor. I’m in love with him.”
“I have no idea. If it weren’t for the fact I have a son, I wouldn’t believe that I actually did it. I certainly didn’t go there to have sex. I just wanted to smoke heroin.”
Eurus arrives with Papa and Mummy to find Sherlock sitting down on the shore, sobbing. Mycroft explains to his parents what has transpired.
“They were poets. The two are mutually exclusive.”
It transpired she was a originally a Canadian citizen who held dual citizenship with the United States. Her father was a police officer. She had joined the CIA after college – in some clerical capacity, John thought  -  and turned out to have an aptitude for target practice. She was trained as an agent on the basis of this skill and left after fifteen years to freelance as an assassin. Not surprisingly, killing people for a fee turned out to be hazardous and made her a target amongst some very undesirable people in the United States. She and her family sought refuge here, and she had targeted John as the perfect disguise.
"Ooooooh, I think you're going to love it." She tosses the paper over to him, misses and it floats softly to the floor. "You read about it and I'll book you in for an interview. Can you go now?"
A dentist? For a moment I couldn’t understand why she wouldn’t disclose Albion was with his father. Then I remembered to eighty thousand pounds.
From a distance this kind of rot always appeared to Sherlock to be useless, the perfunctory responses of animals who knew no better. Close up, here now in the epicenter of John’s adoration and attentions, being called darling,  it’s so intense and so unlikely as to be sacred.
“Oh.” Fiction was of little interest to Sherlock. He waited with as much patience as he can muster in bed, tapping his fingers in a gentle rhythm on John’s chest.  John is learning not to be swayed by Sherlock’s demands and finished his story before he closed the book and laid it on his bedside table.
“Of course,” says Greasy. “But you didn’t bond properly, did you? And with this little girl, who from all accounts was recognising letters and numbers when she was two months old, it is fair to say she had a heightened awareness of her mother’s neglect.”
This morning they walk through the park to St Barts, where Sherlock plans to use the superior microscope and check some fibre analysis with the lab.
I would know him in the dark.
"Molly. Why do you have new petrie dishes?"
“Huh?”
“You’ve seen her?”
“I called him George, after the bloke who lived next door.”
“No,” I said, “A thousand times no. You are never that person. She might have thought she saw that, but I think we’d both agree her vision is pretty limited. She took advantage of the damage I caused you. That she underestimated the man you are is entirely her shortcoming.”
shadow of his lips barely touching his face for a second. "Now sit still and if you must wail, do it quietly."
“Yes. Completely. But I have to go.”
"You're their boss. Tell them to STOP taking photos of me."
He hands the can to Sherlock. "Need a drink?"
“It got me away from it all. From the whole Mary mess.”
Things I would like in a friend
Blush of my John’s foreskin
He watches over her shoulder. Eurus can feel his stare and worry.
“Really?” I had no idea.
I stared at Mycroft until he looked at me. “You were in New York? You said you were going to Washington.”
“Relentlessly. But right now I want you to have to have a bath.”
“Do you like it?”
John texts Sherlock when he arrives home to the silent flat.
John is closing the second stitch. "Does it matter?"
“It’s an insignificant thing,” the Doctor told Social Services. “Sherlock’s a scientist, so of course he’s not going to consider toys important.”
What kind of plant is John Watson?
“What? What did I do at Bart’s that is keeping you away? Tell me what it is and I’ll stop it or if I can’t stop will at least modify my-"
He can’t finish. Sherlock cuts in quickly.
John Watson has a special smile he uses when he is about to maim or kill you. It looks like an ordinary closed lipped smile, and can be mistaken as quite friendly until you see his eyes, which will be filled with mayhem and lethal conviction.
“Ludwig has said he can take her. He has been working on actually building empathy and sympathy in those that appear to be born with out them, just like an orthopaedic surgeon might build a leg for child born with that kind of deformity. He thinks that he might be able to save her.”
“Fiona!”
Sherlock’s endures yet another stab to the heart. He loves orchestral performances. He adores dancing. He looks much better in red than this cheesy blonde.
John was excited. I could feel it. “But hang on,” he said, “ Wouldn’t I have to sign as the person  - you know, the new parent?”
"Where are you working at the moment?"
He was wearing that smile when he looked at both the Social Services ladies.
“Of course.” I would have, at that moment, given John Watson my liver with unfettered compliance.
He takes a good breath and focuses.
John makes his happy, high-pitched giggle. “I love this relationship so much already!” He combs some of Sherlock’s curls behind his ear and tenderly fits his mouth over the entire ear.
“They weren’t discernible until recently. In any case, you’re a doctor. You should have been checking.”
Albion slept in the lounge room, and I slept when he did, right next to him, on the couch. He wasn’t much interested in sleeping regularly or for any length of time, just like me.
"It's not good for team morale when I do that. In any case I have to keep my powder dry for when I really need them to stop doing something stupid."
John wonders how his patient could know his plans. He's embarrassed and stammers slightly, but no words are available to him. He's about to explain that he wouldn't know what to do but he doesn't have to, Sherlock's already there.
When it happened the second time, Sherlock was genuinely annoyed. He had two mummified corpses with perfect teeth and the remnants of some excellent stab wounds. There was still talc-like residue in the veins, a bleached red powder reminiscent of desert sand.
let me angle the spoon and the softening
"I find degenerative brain diseases endlessly absorbing. Some hospitals are actually working with Alzheimer's patients to create surroundings that are familiar to them - that is, entering their world instead of struggling to keep them in ours. Interesting how easy it was talk to poor Ida when I entered her world."
"I'm taking you to the hospital tomorrow. You'll have a real job and lots of friends. They're all to old to have sex so you won't have to worry about that. They'll all like you and you can sleep on their beds all day." He reaches out and strokes her soft coat.
“Sherlock?” John said quietly. “You okay?”
Sherlock recognises the that John is palpating his spleen and turns a little, making it easier. Do people do that, he is about to ask, should I be doing that to you but is diverted when he catches sight of the dog tags dangling over John's fine chest and then the mangled whorl of scar tissue on John's left shoulder.
John has just threaded the final suture. He stops for a minute, closes his lips tight and turns his face slightly. He doesn't know what to say so Sherlock keeps talking.
The news that Mariah had been found resonated with the British public. Many people remembered the child’s disappearance, and many more empathised with Mrs Best. The funeral was small, but the little church was filled with bouquets and teddy bears.
Billy makes another rope-pulling gesture with wild enthusiastic eyes. Sherlock half-smiles, half-winces.
Sherlock actually shudders. "No wonder you're depressed. Come with me. It can't be any worse. You can always attend to your - issues - afterwards."
“Can’t you both be the same rank?” I’d asked Captain Watson privately a few nights earlier.
"I've had them rushed through. The electronics boffin compiling them said he have the first two victims completed by tomorrow."
The staring contests had stopped. The militia at 221 Baker Street had now started arguing – circular, pointless arguments with no chance of a truce.
“Yes. That is why I have Anthea here.”
“I had no idea. I didn’t think I’d fit in with you both. I thought you’d prefer to have Albion to yourself.”
John raises his eyebrows. “I didn’t know you cared for squirrels.”
“How old is Tom?”
“I’m going to have another baby.” She said this like she might announce when the next bus was due.
John stretched awkwardly. It was clear his shoulder was starting to hurt. In any case, the light was fading and he, like all good English men, would be wanting supper soon.
"No, no, no, please no," and John watches with slumped shoulders as the mouse slips in under some invisible gap between the board and floor into a warm dark spacious shelter where it can live in abysmal contentment.
I let her come inside. I had a box of cereal and some bread, so I was able to make her cereal and toast, all of which she ate in a few shuddering gulps.
Mycroft leaned over to take him but stopped himself short when he saw John extend his hands.
For I will consider my John Watson.
And at her feet, a large champagne cat in a red floral collar with a pretty gold tag stands up and yowls at John. Captain! So good to see you! Look at you! You've got better! You'd love it here. There's meat and gravy every night and we watch movies with the heater on and I can sleep any where I like. This week I'm with Ida but she's out of her tree and keeps calling me Margot. I love it here but I miss you!
When he gets to work at 9am, Lestrade reads the emails and reopens the file on Mariah Best. He then puts a call through to Police Liaison, and asks that they contact the child’s mother now, and tell her police will a visit this afternoon.
There are so many things you want to teach your children, but so many things you can’t. It is awful to realise that some things they have to learn will come with grief or discomfort or pain. John and I have known so much of these things and it hurts us both to know that no matter how desperately we love Albion and Bonnie, there are no happily ever afters as popular culture will have you believe.
"No. I'm won't. Now if you don't mind, I'm hungry and would like to get some food." Which is not strictly true, but it allows for a dignified exit.
“Sorry?” John is gently weaving his fingers through Sherlock’s incorrigible curls.
Perhaps Sherlock studied Ancient History for his A levels, because the first verse of that poem draws heavily from Thucydides (The History of the Peloponnesian War).
John wonders if perhaps knows a bit more about ghosts than he lets on.
"Yeah. It's bizarre, isn't it? What do you reckon?"
“Well, you’ve never had a filofax or any kind of paper diary in the time I’ve known you, so I had to eliminate the unlikely to work out where you’d leave it.” Sherlock takes John through the myriad of possibilities available to him in the disposal of loose diary pages.
John has no idea who he is. He smiles in his benign way, hoping for clues.
left shoulder, a wad of ruined skin.
If I would consent to sharing with him
Mrs Hudson let me keep the post card. It was, until I got back to my flat at least, the only thing I had of him and it made me want to dance and run back to the crack house at the same time.
"You still haven't written anything, have you?"
Nothing at the moment. I'll be in contact when something comes in.
Papa tries to persuade the little boy to come inside but Sherlock won’t leave. Eurus won’t either – she sits besides her brother, puts her arm around his hunched shoulders and rests her head on his shoulder.
John slowly lifts himself to his feet, Sherlock bids the police a cursory farewell.
John pulls him closer to kiss him. Chateau de Chambord indeed.
“Poor Redbeard,” she said again. “And poor Sherlock.”
Everything was wrong because now, with the coast clear and both of them at very relaxed stages of their life, John chose – once more – to date another woman. Not Sherlock.
My son. When first you say that, and it is true, you start to see your whole life in an entirely different light.
“Remember to write to me and tell me how many favours you get in prison when the other inmates learn you where bluffed by an empty Coke bottle.”
He thought about it for a few moments, and then, as if by magic, lifted himself slightly, supported himself on his left elbow and tipped his perfect face up so he could see the fish more clearly.
Greg bites his lips, and then says, “Well, the homicide guys will bring the cadaver dog, and the heat detecting things. If she has buried a body, there’s a good chance we’ll find it.”
Lestrade watches patiently with folded arms. "Anything?"
John rolled his eyes. “Why do you do that? Why can’t you call him Greg?”
“So. The husband. What happens to him?”
“Shhh. Mentioning his name is like whistling the wind.  I doubt it, he generally texts when he’s around.”
And I say yes, yes, yes,
“Why”, he giggled when we had both bought each other great satisfaction, “are we doing this in the shower?”
“We’re trying to,” says Greg, who knows better than most how to diffuse public interest. “These cases can be difficult, but we’ll let you know if anything comes up.”
It takes the Homicide crew another twenty minutes to break the locks. When the flat metal door is prised open, cold dank air rushes out and the dog strains at its leash, barking furiously.
“He hates it.”
o	Die
Sherlock is dumbstruck for a couple of seconds, and stares at John with face full of shock, opened mouth and wide eyes. “What? Don’t be ridiculous. What’s in your speech?”
For John Watson is a man.
They walk down a series of wide, quiet corridors. A few patients are up and about, walking slowly on frames or being pushed in wheelchairs. Others are in rooms sitting around a television or staring at the world they once knew slipping away through slightly streaked windows.
He kisses him again, and Sherlock, a little more focused now, concentrates on all the clues and surprises in the Doctor's mouth. Sherlock has theories about mouths and their flavours, having tasted so many people who have for one reason or another turned out to be very bad ideas indeed. There have been men with sour mouths whose genitals tasted of cheese, women with bitter mouths who tasted of slightly over ripe fruit, men and women who tasted metallic and set his teeth on edge. No one tasted right but John does. He tastes warm and his flavour fills Sherlock, the same way chlorophyll saturates your palette when you snap a sapling.
“Where?”
John smiles to himself. Our relationship is becoming a poem.
To make that happen, Sherlock had no choice but to risk everything again and take a different terrifying leap. It would sacrifice all his dignity and quite possibly their friendship, but it would set John free. That, Sherlock knew, was the best he could do for his best friend.
Rhonda, who was born in a car park and rescued by a council worker before being adopted through an ad placed in a vet's window, had all her cat dreams come true when John eventually carried her to the kitchen and placed before her an entire roast chicken.
Sherlock wants to explain that he has the perfect substitute for lube but when he opens his mouth, John is tenderly kissing the awkward little spaces around his Adam’s apple and no words come. He’s never had his throat kissed, nor had any reason to stop and imagine how wonderful it would be.
Sherlock is well aware that Billy has had a number of special friends of his own over the years. That Billy might make that assumption is not unexpected.
And John remembers something important.
“STOP. No. Go nowhere. Stay here.” This was more begging than I ever displayed to John Watson. “Albion would be devastated if you left.”
“See ya”, she says loudly as she stamps back down the stars in her spindly heels.
"Well, lots of things. You've got tertiary qualifications, you're bright, you've been a soldier and have lots of life experience. You could work in - I don't know, medical administration maybe, maybe health policy."
“Mycoff!” Rosie says from her table, where she clutches her buttered bread.
“How’s Twinkles?”
“Just relax. Don’t speak.”
“It’s a delicate process,” Greg says. “Like Sherlock says, we can’t just go to the house and even if we could, the chances of finding any information are non-existent. The police seemed to have looked the place over anyway. I know you think they didn’t do a great job, but trust me, if the mother hurt that little girl, they would have found something.”
Sherlock is not placated. His mind races over and over, and without realising, he starts to recreate the crime scene. John can feel the activity, and knows something is brewing. He decides to make sure Rosie has her dinner early.
“He didn’t realise he was lonely. He didn’t have a heart. He thought everyone was born without a heart and that they experienced things the same way he did. He couldn’t work out why they all went to parties and regattas and balls.”
John shrugs. “Can I open it?”
“Well,” my brother asked with just a touch of impatience that only I could deduce, “Are you angry? Terrified? Agitated because taking a six month old infant to a crime scene was frankly a moronic idea?”
John steps carefully, noiselessly through one of the main areas and comes to a wide corridor that leads to the back of the building, which apparently faces onto a car park. The lights out there enable to John to see his target.
I shepherd the squirrels for John.
When the glazier finishes and grunts the bill, Sherlock uses one of Mycroft's credit cards to pay for his new windows. He wasn't certain if he had insurance.
This was of no interest to him at all and he went back to sleep.  Everything bored him.
“His health, Mr Holmes. I need to hold him for a minute so we can check he doesn’t have any bruises or marks.”
“I want to be certain that she is healthy and aware of her rights as Albion’s mother.”
"What are you doing after this?"
John, now mindful of the solid ground on which he stands, moves his face back slightly. “Well,” he says with an endearing awkwardness.
Mycroft ignored him and continued to address me. “I recall telling you not long after Albion’s birth that you’d have to be extremely careful about the kinds of cases you chose in the future. I didn‘t warn you not to take the baby with you to a crime scene because frankly I thought you’d have more sense.”
“I’m serious, John. There’s a reason why a man my age is still single.”
She runs behind them until she’s breathless.
“What kind of work do you do?”
“Not forever, and not alone. Eurus is not being exiled. We will accompany her to Ludwig’s clinic. He is prepared to manage Eurus’s education. She will live there with two nurses, another doctor and she can see a range of visiting psychiatrists. She will have her intellectual curiousity satisfied continuously. She will be fed good meals, will enjoy regular play and exercise, and for intents and purposes, will have a healthy childhood. You and her brothers can visit whenever you wish. Sherlock and Mycroft can write and call. She will have all the support from, and contact with,  you that she needs.”
“I’m expanding my mind palace to include a place for you.”
Tomorrow. Friday. The weekend.
“Oh for Christ’s sake.” I would have complained more but John was now clean-shaven and it was distracting. I stared a little too long.
John carefully adjusts the curtains so no one can see in.
A few,” says Sherlock, without vanity or irony. “Some are clearly family abductions – child taken after school by a divorced parent, that kind of thing. A couple are very serious, and there’s maybe three where I would say the child has wondered off and probably died in rugged terrain.”
Sherlock looks Jeremy over carefully and sees it for what it is. “Straight Boy Pain,” he concludes, and for the first time Jeremy looks up.
“Is that the one I heard before?”
No leftovers in the fridge tonight.
John and Sherlock are standing in freezing winds at a large factory down near Hastings. It’s 10.12pm. They hired a car because Sherlock insisted they had to get there tonight so he could count the security guards and make some odd calculations that he is certain will help him solve the mystery of the four armed robberies he read about in the paper.
Sherlock slides up the warm strong body, watching as John takes both hands and examines each palm.
“Excellent idea! A short sharp shock would do these three a world of good, although of course, it might be too late for them, depending on how stupid they are. In my experience, intervention can be enormously beneficial up to about the age of twenty one. After that  - well, look at the rate of recidivism in our current prison population. Oh look, there’s a couple of constables just over there! Lestrade, do you know them? Call them over and we can get these boys arrested.” He turns to the terrified boys with a kind face. “It’s for your own good. You’ll thank me one day.”
Mycroft eyed my hero coolly. “Oh, Doctor Watson. You surely are a bad arsed motherfucker.”
“Lie him on his tummy, Sherlock,” our doctor advised. “That way he has to reach up and actually grab at the toys.”
(In John's office every morning, there is a little ritual: Shona drops by everyone and reads their horoscope from the local paper. When asked for his birthday John, who is far too damaged for soothsaying or any esoteric promise of a better life, lied and said he was born in June. He's about to tell the same lie when he realises that he may very well have to provide some kind of documentation to Charlotte about his work or banking details.)
The hostile shape of Sherlock shifts a little.
She was impervious to his steely gaze.
(All except for one from Buenos Aires, which included a small note that read, “You’d be surprised how much penguins remind me of you.”)
“Ah, of course. Fiona. Have a nice night,” was all he said.
“Was there a person who took money from you, or from Mr Holmes, to organise the pregnancy?”
My John appears as a neutral palette but for me
For he is made not only of sugar and spice
Our views were not dissimilar. I wanted Albion to try as broad a range of foods of possible, and was certain that if I could puree it, Albion could eat it. My spreadsheet reflected this.
The entry point is a delicate splash just below John’s shoulder; the exit is a messy blast that surgery was only able to correct slightly. Sherlock passes his fingertips over the weft of skin, imagining the scorched passage through the muscle and the miniscule dent on the artery.
“John, five minutes. Probably not even that. You can hit me when I’ve finished. Just – please. It’s important. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t.”
Today, I look around the bright living room and see the crumpled waste of Christmas wrapping paper and the pleasure we took last week in gifts we could see.
They had in residence together for ten days weeks when it was time for the stitches to come
Because he understands crimes like these so clearly, thinks John. Because he can see the reason and the cause of everything, because he has perfect 20-20 vision of all the plain and terrible things that the rest of the world never notices.
“What were you going to call me?” Sherlock wonders. They’re playing now, John tickling his ears, Sherlock tenderly smearing soft kisses on John’s belly as he watches him.
John Watson examined his hands.
“I think he’s too young to smile, Sherlock.” She was being nice – Mrs Hudson is never anything less than nice, and quite frequently more – and a little annoyed at being disturbed while she was watching Steel Magnolias.
“Sherlock!” she said in her strangely uninvolved way. “Look at you in hospital! You look like you’ve been eating!”
Later that morning, John and Albion were reading the postcards he had sent. I had them in a pile on my desk.
Molly
“Fractured skull,” he says. “Depressed fracture, probably.”
“Nothing.”
Sherlock's eyes are wild. He cannot fathom how the most obvious things appear as clouds to the rest of the world.
“I’m Sherlock’s poof,” he says happily. “Now take your kid in hand, tell their parents to do the same and keep away from Ryan.”
He flinched whenever John touched his back, which, oddly, was often.
“And you don’t eat and you don’t sleep. And you’re wound up like a ball of electrical wire. And you’re still recovering from your  - the hiatus.”
"I actually like my pizza lukewarm," John tells him as they sit in the tangle of bed clothes a little while later.
Sherlock savours this for a few seconds. Amazing. He likes amazing John. He likes John telling him he's amazing. No one else does. He wants to amaze him for the rest of his life.
“It’s very becoming,” Detective Inspector Lestrade says, not at all surprised. “So. You got time for an aggravated robbery?”
Sally has a truly beautiful smile, all the more lovely for its rare appearances. She shared it with me now, clapped my shoulder and walked away.
"There it is, then."
John talks over Rosie’s head. “Don’t know.  She says hears a child singing and then has a dream about a child calling her because it’s lost it’s shoe. Not much to go on.”
Sherlock thinks he heart will break.
So the case is solved quite quickly. Charges are not preferred. Jeremy’s mother commits to repaying all the chemists, Lestrade confiscates the faux gun, the youth worker stays to check that Jeremy will get support with this new stage of his life and John is agog in the taxi home. He hardly knows where to start, bouncing back from one fact to another.
Another person whose name John can't remember comes to remind him of the meeting.
“Well, he’s a baby. That’s his job. Don’t worry. He’ll stop in about five years’ time.”
He says his hellos, concentrating on being relaxed, friendly, but all the while noticing the way the light shines from Molly’s hair and the length of her pretty fingers.
“Shut up and stop changing the subject. Drama at a wedding is very important.”
I turned around to face a tall, unwashed man carrying a baseball bat in one hand and a sawn off shotgun in the other. He looked vaguely familiar.
“She’s not witnessing much,” I said to Mycroft as I signed.
Uncle Myc took a couple of steps towards me, opened his mouth and left it hanging, unable to say anything.
“He’s a great friend,” Ademar says.
“You know he’s laughing at us,” I told John.
“Are there dead things in the fridge that haven’t come from the morgue?”
We chatted about the case in the taxi. It was unusual, three gangs forming a conglomerate to execute a profitable crime like this.
John was home not long before midnight. There were tiny squeaks in the hall, the old floorboards releasing and contracting as he looked around for Sherlock.
For he is a king tide.
“Not a bad copy,” John says, handling the gun carefully and looking at the careful casting. “Where did you get the cast?”
“Oh! That would be great!” Molly beams at him.
“Oh! Come in Mycroft.” John indicated the closed toilet lid. “Have a seat!”
(Aunty Patty is my father’s twin. She is famous in my family for having twinsets in every conceivable colour and being insufferable. I have never heard her and Father speak with or about one another fondly. Nor have I seen her grandchildren although it is without query that Albion is infinitely more attractive.)
“I’ll have to take your word for that because I wasn’t born,” says Sherlock from the back. He is watching John in the wing mirror, and when he catches his eye, John winks at him.
Sherlock never lies so well as when he caught on the hop. “No – it turns out I don’t need them! Professor Cowan said I have all the residue and necessary bacteria I need with the feathers I’ve got. Did I show you my feathers?”
“Now you’re just mocking me.”
“If you want.”
“I don’t want to hear that part,” John said quietly.
John Watson smiled at me across the table and when Angelo poured the wine, we clinked glasses across the table.
Eddie disagreed entirely that I was high functioning sociopath and insisted that all I had to do was work out how to love people and I’d be fine. Relatively.
“Oooh! Was it just! Why haven’t I heard about Victor?”
Before the night sets in, John walks to the local Boots to buy some gauze and antiseptic cream. Then it occurs to him that if he's going to go out on cases with a man who has no concern for his own safety, he should have a proper kit.
“A beautician who is a friend of the prostitute I’ve been seeing.”
“And do you mind if I see the papers?”
“Stop frightening him and make yourself useful while I get his bottle ready.”
Eurus nods.
That’s why every parent is convinced their child is a prodigy.
When he starts to wake he is the colour of the dawn sky
“John, it will take a few minutes. And after that I promise I will never ask you again. It’s just – please. I am utterly desperate.”
“Why do you need so much money?”
The old gauze lifts easily to reveal the stitches, their little black tails of thread bent in different directions. John carefully presses the wound with his fingertip; it comes away dry and the skin appear to be fusing nicely.
“So far,” although I wasn’t sure what a good sleeper was. “He wakes about every four hours.”
"Hoo roo," he says sharply with synthetic warmth.
“And?”
For he filled every room in my mind.
“He doesn’t look at it,” I explained. “He likes to look at the wallpaper, and sometimes we look out the window to see if the weather is changing” -
I could feel John straightening in my arms, his chest expanding, his shoulders straightening.
"I came when I heard you were in danger." He seems a little offended that Sherlock would question this.
“I see.” John’s unconcerned. It happens a lot. Prison is boring and for some inmates, a trip to infirmary can be the most interesting thing that happens all year.  “Can I listen to your chest, just to be certain?”
“We’re not students. I’m a consulting detective, and I want to talk to you about the disappearance of Mariah Best.”
“He listens to the stories?”
"Yes, if you wouldn't mind."
“I think it might be.” John almost adds my love, my darling, some epithet that illustrates more clearly what Sherlock is to him, but bites his lip at the last second.
“So an order is preferable. But wouldn’t Adrienne have to agree to that?”
John doesn't feel very welcome.
Bonnie is a delight to us all. She likes stories, smearing her face with jam, hearing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star on the violin and stomping all over whatever her big brother is doing. She’s cheerful and outgoing, a happy, content little girl who has, with her tiny hands and little squeals of laugher, smoothed all the jagged scars on John’s heart.  He hasn’t had a nightmare since she was born.
Sherlock gives him a knowing little smile. "Oh, I wouldn't say that, Detective Inspector."
“What did Michel the heartless brother think of this?”
When he gets downstairs, he texts Ademar Silver. Ademar answers quickly:
"Keep stitching. What you do is your own business. But if you are, wait a few hours and come with me while I catch a murderer. It'll be interesting." And something important occurs to him so he elaborates. "Dangerous and interesting."
Chapter 1.5
“No.”
“Sherlock,” John says quietly.
My brother had been busy patronizing security personnel in Washington for three days and was due home in the next twelve hours.
“I am. Did Billy warn you?”
"I want a good reason to keep my mouth shut."
The next day, when John wakes up in their bed, he finds a wide smooth place where Sherlock has slept and a poem pinned to the pillow:
Lady beetles are tiny.
“Oh, there, there,” his uncle soothed. “No one’s going to starve you.”
They continued their bantering and haphazard cuddling, punctuated by Sherlock stealing tiny tastes of John skin when he could. As far as John was concerned, nothing significant happened.
"Who are the Ford family?" John wonders.
This courtesy zaps through Sherlock's head and brings him a tiny bright bulb of realisation .
“How much have you robbed so far?” Sherlock asks. Something about Jeremy is very familiar and making him apprehensive.
“Why?”
I knew how this was going to finish. Mycroft would be stern and cautious, and then would melt and become like Olympia Dukakis in that film I saw once by accident but deleted straight after.
"It's not my cat."
Sherlock's face grows instantly aggrieved. "It's just for a second, " John whispers. "They'll hook you up for an ECG and as soon as they see there's no problem they'll drop you way down the list and leave you. Anyway, it'll take them at least an hour to find an the cardiology registrar this time on a Saturday night. I'll be in five minutes."
He looks at the filofax, checks his watch and quickly pulls the book out for a quick hit.
Since moving to London, she has worked as a nanny. She likes the lack of paperwork.
“No, no one told me. I just knew.” She hugs her daughter a little closer, and they watch some footage filmed the next day - Mummy in the beautiful Georgian bed in the parent’s room with tiny Eurus in her arms, and Sherlock lounging next her, talking to Eurus.
Sadly, our opportunities to interfere with each other were limited, because most of our time was consumed with Albion yelling. He wasn’t yelling about anything specific. It was exhausting for all of us. I was starting to recycle my stories for him, and had run out of ways to make the periodic chart sound more interesting.
"Well, good luck with her," he says finally. "Thanks for the lift, Michelle, I guess I'll see you on Monday."
“I’ve already told Anya to wait a half an hour.”
I looked from one to the other. “What?”
“He could have been conscious for up to twenty minutes,” John says.
"Why did we sleep on the floor?"
For he wall-papered those rooms.
"How's the blog going?"
“Your cat.”
His progress, however, has been seriously hindered by his misplaced phone which is still cheeping to itself under his fridge.
They both sleep deeply that night. Sherlock dreams that he has a flock of owls on strings that he carries around like balloons; John dreams that he is swimming in a sea as warm as bathwater.
He follows John to the bedroom and snarls about Scotland Yard while John dresses.
I would have thought congratulations would have been in order at this point, but like I said – stupidity. Hourly.
John talks softly against the neat conch of Sherlock's ear. Sit up for me, lean back, he suggests and Sherlock moves back, his shirt unbuttoned now, opened wide so John can see the small dark tufts of his armpits and the tight belly button. He flexes against John's careful touch, trying so hard to control himself but knows that he is unravelling by the second.
“Mr Holmes is right, “ Greg says. “We have to talk to her first, but before we do, we have to call her. We can’t just turn up. She needs to be prepared. I can get one of our victim liaison officers to call her. They’re great at reducing any expectation. And we can’t let on that someone had a dream about a kid that might be her daughter. We just have to say we’re re-examining the case.”
"I turned up at a match with two balls. So each team had a ball, so there was no basis for competition. You should have seen the look on everyone faces." Sherlock chuckles. "I just thought someone would have the sense to toss one of the balls out. Instead both teams just stood there, each with a ball, as if the game was over."
“Not yet,” Ms Powers answered. “We’d like you to take us through the flat, room by room, to show us how you live. Is this the living room?”
It is built on a concrete slab, which strikes him as odd. It’s a wooden structure, designed to accommodate maybe a small tea party, or more likely some pot plants. It doesn’t need a concrete base. He checks the plans again and notices, for the first time, tiny letters next to drawing. He calls to Sherlock, and borrows his magnifying glass to read the little letters.
Mycroft was pacing around my flat burping Albion, who was peering at me reproachfully over his uncle’s shoulder. I was sterilising bottles in the kitchen, which is an extremely satisfying thing to do. I’ve planned a number of uses for the sterilising contraption when Albion’s need for bottles has expired.
“So the Woodsman killed the boar and cut out its heart which would have involved a sternectomy – you know, when you actually saw open the breastbone – and then he would have had to cut though the arteries to release the heart. It would have taken him fifteen minutes, at least. Twenty if it was dark.
“Does it hurt?”
For his smile is bright and warming.
Amarita smiles. "Did you pass?"
“I deleted them. I do remember someone called Little Nell and someone else called The Savage.”
Corinne Best lives alone in a small flat in Hastings. She is 68, and walks with a heavy limp, because a small scratch on her leg was not addressed, and is now a weeping, ulcerated mess.  It took ages to see a doctor, so a local nurse visits every day to change the dressing.
He was very handsome for his first outing.
"Well, do one! I need to get this patient some penicillin. Can you see it on the trolley?"
To this day he remembers that awful week as a mess of violence and misery that culminated in having to sit quietly in the funeral for forty minutes, when all he wanted was to scream and break things, to see his friend again.
It was a very exciting night for us. Anya had agreed to watch Albion while I took John to dinner.
"No need to justify it. It makes perfect sense. What else could you have done? You've followed pretty standard advice and it's made you more ill than you were because the therapist prescribed the wrong treatment for you."
Rhonda is still mauling the chicken. It has exceeded her expectations of everything in this life.
“I think you just tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because it helps you deal with any disappointment or dislike you think your actions make them feel.”
In any case, we’re British men. We have no skills for deeply felt, heart wrenching declarations. Our heritage has failed us miserably in ascertaining what is actually happening between us.)
and ready to ride, my John
“No, seriously, Sherlock. We’ve evolved to eat our young and kill of any competitors. If you were an ape and Albion didn’t look familiar to you,  you’d kill him and possibly eat him.”
Sherlock quickly assesses her shoes and deduces she can only mean her breasts.
For he is fair always.
For nearly two weeks they are polite, friendly but unable to traverse the gulf that’s there between them.
John is weary and determined. “Just roll over for me.”
“These cats were looking for a house keeper, because obviously cats don’t do house work. They advertised on-line and in the local paper, and ended up interviewing a fair young maiden called Lupina, who didn’t get on with her mother or her sister because they were idiots.
Then I learnt how to change a nappy. The nappy, made largely from paper fiber and covered with blue teddy bears (why?) was approximately seventy per cent bigger than him.  His legs seemed to be made of plasticine and shaped like the mathematical symbols for greater and lesser.
“I had too! John has never asked me for anything, except to not be dead, but obviously I wasn’t able to do that at the time because I had to save his life. But to be his best man – there is no way I would have refused him. I  - he was very hurt when I faked my death. More hurt than I ever imagined. I didn’t realise that until I saw him again. I had to make it up to him. He was furious. I was terrified I would never see him again.” Sherlock stops, baulks at how much he is sharing, but when he tries reign himself in realises how much better he feels. It’s miraculous, so he continues. “I can’t accept a life where John Watson isn’t my friend, so I did what ever I could to show him that. I wanted his wedding to be perfect. I wanted him to know that what made him happy made me happy.”
Molly handed me the huge box. It was a baby trapeze thingy, a sort of plastic pyramid that you lay the baby under so they can grab little toys that are dangling from the frame.
I have known Mycroft for thirty seven years and in that time, despite strenuous effort, I have never been able to render him speechless. Albion did so while he was asleep. There was little doubt that my baby was exceptional.
John crinkles his nose in a way that makes Sherlock a little unsteady. “A bit not gay.”
John was more physical with his approach – he'd lay Albion over his shoulder, pat his little bottom and pace the floor, all the while repeating soft, kind things in a gentle way. It actually put me to sleep on a couple of occasions.
Mummy stayed in Zurich and visited every day, and also under went endless interviews and quizzes while Eurus zipped through lessons, learning music, talking with various psychiatrists and, last thing before bed, writing to her brothers.
“So. John. I’ve driven you to sentimental tears. Does that make me romantic?”
"It doesn't. I was just walking. How are you coping?"
“Death penalty?” I asked this with a pained face but John was quite detatched.
“Hmmm.”
The calls are getting more urgent and a little louder. He looks amongst the people around him, half interested, but there are no familiar faces.
“On the ground!” I heard the Captain roar again. Mr Stinky dropped his bat first, then his rifle, and slowly got to his knees. It wasn’t fast enough for John, who planted his foot into the criminal’s back and sent him face first into the concrete floor.
In a couple of moments John is being watched by five children, all with identical cautious brown eyes. The youngest he guesses to be three, the oldest is probably ten or 11.
“Kill them,” Eurus answers as she colours a blood puddle.
Canulas? What would he want with canulas? John lets it through to the keeper. "What about the patients?"
He was unconcerned. “Just an army thing. You always do it when you meet a soldier from another country, particularly if there’s been hostility between the countries in the past. We were just letting each other know that we couldn’t be bullied.”
In the interim, I got her some absorbent things not unlike the nappies I saw last night and some more bread, in case she wanted toast again. I had to guess the right kind of absorbent things – all the websites I read gave me conflicting advice. I figured I could always use them for experiments if I got the wrong type.
And people wonder why I get angry.
Sherlock thought about this. “Were there any owls?”
John thought that the cat was just spooked because there was a warlock in the room but wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
I had a completely different life. I had Albion, and we had John, smiling down at us, waiting with a bottle to ward off any threats.
“No,” she gasps though the mask. “I don’t want to be examined by any students.”
It brings another dimension to their coupling. Sherlock responds effusively to the care, the promise of protection, while John taps into his other secrets that Sherlock can’t quite see yet, those overwhelming desires to possess and adore.
I just wanted to tell someone.
That evening, Sherlock and John cook a special dinner. No reason, they tell each other, just because.
The boys continue hurling childish, hellish insults at Ryan and the group in general. The boys have no fear, no embarrassment.
We plan, when Albion and Bonnie are older, to go back to cases full time. If we feel like it.
John didn’t even hear Sherlock leave the flat.
“So what happened?” I asked. I thought that Snow White and the Prince were about to be trampled by dinosaurs, which happens with alarming regularity in the stories Albion tells.
“Well, I know humans who wouldn’t go to that much trouble. Hey! Stop that!”
No one slept well that night.
The two Social Services ladies made strained, polite faces while Molly manoeuvered a path through the political debate.
“Who were they playing?”
And when you do, you effectively proclaim yourselves as an sovereign country. You rule your love together. No one can disrupt it. I thought I would roar at the top of my lungs as he encouraged me, sucking me so strongly I had to lift my pelvis to keep up with him and when he freed me quite suddenly I gasped in bitter disappointment only to feel his strong hand take my hips and turn me over so I was caging him, taking sobs of breath as he whispered I want to see you come, and I want you to see me too, then guiding my hand to grasp his cock, easing me down against him so we were rubbing off against one another, our hands linked as we pulled each other to the brink, helplessly watching each other desperate for nothing more than the touch of each other and I bowed before it, pushed over the edge by the intensity of the feeling as much as his magnificent touch and while I was helpless I could see him stumbling over the same line, his mouth open, his tongue soft on his lips, his eyes heavy and adoring. I could see it. I could feel it. It was all there, in those perfect blue eyes.
"Well, she's bled out, one - no, two - wounds, one to her jugular, one to the carotid artery." John gingerly turns the still face to look at the wounds more closely. "Jugular and carotid," he confirms. "Very deep." He can feel her skin cooling under his fingers and her limbs are loose. "She's only been dead for a couple of hours, rigor mortis hasn't set in yet."
He pokes his head back in the door. "Where are those phone transcripts?"
The glare at one another for a couple of seconds. It's not a stand off, but a little competition to see who breaks first.
“I understand,” she says. She speaks with resignation, the voice of a woman who has held on to hope until it crumbled in her hands.
Everything I see around me suggests two lines of inquiry which I shall not fail to pursue when I see my way more clearly.
“Delirious.”
“Absolutely. You’re my best friend.” Sherlock added that descriptor with particular satisfaction. He loved saying it. He had never had a friend before, let alone a best one, and stating it plainly brought him immense joy. “It would be a privilege to have you back.”
“But did you like it?”
John doesn’t have to think. “Rosie”.
"I want you to remember me fondly," he says.
John and I had some sex, but perhaps not as much I think we should have been having. It was nice, gentle sex, not the kind of athletic sex I’ve seen on the internet or in movies I’ve deleted. John hadn’t complained about the sex, and I didn’t want to look like an idiot who embarrassed him by asking if we had normal sex.
Talks with me
Lestrade said, “I’m not sure if this is too soon or if you two are even taking cases, but I’ve got a strange one and haven’t got a clue where to start.”
Lestrade, bless his heart, had delivered five boxes of cold cases. All unsolved murders! One of his diligent and entirely misguided office juniors had drawn up a spread chart that detailed each case and an estimated time of completion. I threw it in the bin.
"I do. I'm glad she's being looked after."
“Because the computer fell in love with the pretty lady and wrote her poetry. It’s nice to think that a machine could fall in love with a woman and try to woo her.”
“I didn’t. I didn’t know about the pregnancy until the day before. His mother came to my home and told me it was mine.”
“It’s clear Albion has given you full permission to parent him. He never lets me make those noises on his stomach. And in case you’re still insecure, I think Albion is the luckiest baby in London to be getting constant care from his doctor. Do you do that for all your patients?”
For he lay carpet in my rooms.
“You’d know better than anyone that sociopaths have no capacity to fall in love,” Eddie said gently.
“I always want sex.”
This arrangement worked very nicely except for a brief squalling moment when Albion though I was taking his half-finished bottle from him forever.
"That's pretty impressive!"
Once the door was shut gently, Sherlock went back to his sad calculations.
"I don't. I really won't enjoy it if I even think you might be in discomfort. Come here."
"Easy. You had a few light cat hairs on your trousers. I saw them while we were in the cab, going to the hospital."
“Okay?”
She went in for the kill. “Hasn’t he got any?”
"Hello Mrs Fenelly," he says in his kindest voice.
There is an ominous shuffling sound from the end of the hall. It grows louder step by step, and both men look up expectantly at an ancient bowed figure clutching a glossy black phone in his left hand.
"He said it was a practice with some gangs in the US, if a foot soldier didn't call in to their dealer or the boss regularly, they'd take them and get the number they had to call tattooed on their arm. It was a partly humiliation thing, but sometimes a gang initiation thing."
Sherlock nods as he considers this. He likes the sound of consulting. It sounds imperative, but not necessarily emotionally involved. It has class.
But it’s irrelevant, now that he’s walking around the world and I’m out in the cold, waiting to come back to life.
“Sherlock,” she asked one evening when she bought up some scones, “Your toes are lovely. You’ll have to give me the name of your beautician.”
in an outgoing tide if he doesn’t eat.
Anya was a East German born citizen who boasted a PhD in aeronautical engineering and had, for a time, been a member of the Stasi.
“Is it Molly? Does she disturb you? I can vandalize all the vending machines and send her out for crisps when we need the morgue.”
Hs is more beautiful with lust. John is a enthusiastic lover whose responses are very honest and heartfelt. I could feel his love with every touch. His hot mouth  rolling over my chest, biting softly at my abdomen and taking me by surprise when he quickly pushed my pants out of the way and pushed his face against my cock, reaching up to hold my hand as he gave me the most intimate of kisses.
John’s breast pocket is now stretched to capacity. He buys a filofax from Ryman’s and files Sherlock poems in chronological order.
Ultimately he deduced that Doctor Watson was a carer, and that Sherlock was certainly a man who needed some heavy duty care in some aspects of his life. People have needs. They seek to
"Yes."
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
But my fears and sociopathy (or lack thereof) weren’t my most pressing problem at that time.
He sucks my fingertips when I’m difficult.
The ugly tormenting shapes Sherlock had carried around in his heart, those mean shadows always one quick step behind him, never disappeared, although they faded and disarmed as John continued his nightly rubs and quiet reassurances.
My father interrupted, and explained the ghost who visited Jennifer Bannister every night, and woke her at precisely 2.57am. Sherlock doesn’t like the supernatural, but he and my father explained that it was probably the time Mariah died in that cold black place.
Hugging people, I think, can be awkward. I never know exactly what to do when someone hugs me. Then there is the minefield of when to end the hug. I find I am always first, and end up holding myself very still still until the other person has finished.
“Yes?” Why?”
“No, we’re fine. I’ve made reservations at Angelo’s for 8pm, so we should get going.”
And that’s my story.
John bites his lip absently. "They don't pay you, do they?"
He opens his mouth to regain a little dignity for his chosen profession but decides there's no point. "Yes." He has seen this woman before, and in fact is certain he was introduced to her on the first day. She is perhaps thirty two or thirty four, has serious red hair and a fondness for animal prints skirts. Today it is a snow leopard print. It's tight and looks a little uncomfortable. John finds himself surprisingly attracted to her in her snow leopard skirt. He lifts his chin a little and smiles. "I'm sorry, you're ... Susan?"
Sherlock can feel the curiousity zapping from John’s skin. “An acquaintance of mine told me about it.”
It all turned out to be moot because she went into labour in the waiting room.
She cut me off sharply. “You should move that. It’s not appropriate for babies to exposed to body parts.”
"Sure is.” Billy’s smile is wide as he cuffs Sherlock on the arm with true affection. “So good to see you! I heard you died."
Rhonda watches from the floor and mews in an excited pitch. It's good eating, Captain! Still warm!
Molly, who is now blushing, is infinitely relieved to see that Doctor Watson is not a woman.
“Amazed that I had sex?”
“Because I can – actually, why?”
John hurriedly flicks through the file for a photo of the child, and instead is blessed with a small plastic evidence bag that contains 16 black and white photographs of the house where Mariah lived, and the scene where she was apparently abducted.
John bites his lip. It’s strangling him, this ropey snarl of fears and doubts, and at its beating heart gasps his conviction that Sherlock is his. He wants to tell him and he can’t bear to tell him because it could mean rejection and that, John believes, would be fatal.
“Not yet. I told him that if he was lucky, you might teach him one day.”
“Did you stay?”
“Mycroft,” John said with a hint of his murdering smile.
“On account of Mr Albion not owning his teeth yet, he should have pureed foods and custard.”
Then John, apparently a simple man but in truth full of surprises and common sense, takes one of the beers and cracks it open sharply before taking a good swig.
"I was able to prove that Renzo's brother Angelo wasn't responsible for a car jacking because he was in fact robbing a house a few miles away. With Renzo."
“I can promise you that won’t happen. I keep telling GREG and Mycroft that she just wasn’t interested. She wouldn’t even hold him when he was born. She never fed him. She just wasn’t interested at all. She knows he’s here, and she hasn’t been near the place.”
Mycroft took another breath. “She already has.”
“Not the chips, Sherlock, I meant us. Living together. With Albion. I think it’s turning out well.”
Sherlock sits sadly in his arm chair, arm extended in the best representation of a gun he can make, shooting imaginary bullets at the wall. He blames the custard coloured M16 agent for this entirely unsatisfactory imitation of shooting up the wall that is actually exacerbating his boredom.
Sherlock holds Rosie while John fetches his kit from the car.
“Is that the end?”
John smiles as Sherlock prattles on about the difficulty encountered by urban birds in harvesting good quality mud. Once again he is reminded of the endless facets of Sherlock’s remarkable mind, and the thousands of colours that shine from it with his every thought.
“And I might have more children.”
“But the child is missing, and the Dream Lady’s claims actually fit some aspects of the child’s disappearance,” Sherlock answers as he taps a boiled egg with a spoon.
“No more fake suicides.”
John rocks him slightly, confident that the short circuit has been avoided.
Sherlock takes a moment to needlessly arrange the feathers one last time before trudging up to John’s room. Ordinarily he would use this opportunity to paw through all of John’s belongings and secrets, but such an activity held no charm anymore. Instead he opened John’s sock drawer and stared with great misery at the fourteen pairs of socks, each one rolled into a neat ball with its brother. One by one Sherlock takes a pair, unfolds it, holds each sock to his face before rolling the pair together again and laying it gently in the drawer. He recites all the colours of the socks in his head and, as he holds each pair, recalls each outfit that John wears with specific socks.
“Every night?”
“Billy Kinkaid,” John continues. “He asked me to tell you that he hopes you’re feeling better.”
While I catalogued the Watson colour spectrum, he raised his hand so that my chin fitted perfectly in the cup of his palm. He used his thumb to still my lips and then leaned in to kiss me.
For he turned on all the lights.
Also, he was fascinating. I couldn’t stop staring at him, which I imagine is some kind of evolutionary trick to ensure that if he got mixed up with a whole lot of other babies, I could pick him out immediately.
"S'all right. Sorry."
I couldn’t see why. “How so?”
“Investments? What, are they going to pin money to our suits?”
"He's with me.”
“My intention here is to ensure that you don’t lose our darling Albion. If we just pretend she’s disappeared, we could be creating dreadful problems. Far better to sort it out now, rather than have her turn up in a few months’ time and cause all kinds of heartbreak and confusion.”
Some people say you can fall in love with another at first sight but that has never happened to me, so I can’t confirm it as a definite. I didn’t fall in love with John Watson immediately; it was a slow process, like fermentation.
“Jesus! He’s brand new! What’s he doing here?”
There is nothing wrong with the job. Everyone treats him with kindness and interest, everyone has made it their personal, unspoken responsibility to assist a real live war hero to make the adjustment to civilian life. John feels their trust and awe and it makes him feel like the worst kind of fraud. The pains in his leg grow worse, his hand is never still and his sleep is a muesli of terrifying dreams and horrendous sweats that leave him slack and dehydrated.
John peers down into the black and see a long, sturdy ladder leading from the entrance., He does not wait for permission, and eases himself onto the steps, torch clenched between his teeth. Sherlock follows immediately. Lestrade is on his way down when John, already standing on the floor, shines the beam at the ceiling, and reveals a room almost fifteen feet high. The white light shows, bit by bit, a perfectly round cellar, lined in concrete and covered with wine racks, which Mr Wridge decided, in 1970, was far too cold a place to store wine.
"On their own personal phones."
"Indeed. And on that topic - I'm pretty sure you've thought of this, but have you got the powder burns off your hands? Not that I think you'd be in danger of conviction, but it would preferable if there was no trial."
are the colours of milky tea.
He sleeps soundly too.
“Is he handsome?”
"Perfectly."
Getting Albion to stop crying for thirty minutes at a stretch was one of the less complicated aspects of our life.
Two of the suspects’ statements claimed the victim had been sitting down when he was attacked. John and I were able to prove that, based on the spatter patterns, all four men would have had to have been standing. This meant the fight was not sudden and therefore the topic of the fight was not a minor point; the accused would have had an emotional investment in the argument.
John is no mood for any kind of niceness and walks straight past Ademar. “Sherlock!” he says loudly.
The first was Detective Inspector Lestrade, who came to se John and I when we had a full house.
"Who exactly are you?"
“I hope not,” I answered. “Not that I care. I love him desperately. Everything about him, every whine, every little fart, every last thing is perfect.”
Sherlock hails a taxi down on Archway Road. "We're going to the Porchester," he tells the driver.
"Sorry?"
Lestrade takes a deep breath. He’s come prepared and left the best until last. “Well, I don’t know if it’s fascinating, but I for one am intrigued that it is the fourth robbery of its kind in less than a week, that the assailant wore a coat and tails and a Hello Kitty mask AND that each victim – all of whom I might add are very unsettled – describe the assailant as being about fifteen years old.”
Rudy observes the faces of each child – Sherlock is red eyed but trying hard to be supportive, Eurus is thrilled, and Mycroft is politely bored. The good uncle, who has thus helped avoid more disasters than anyone could imagine, is satisfied. He smiles at the children. “I understand they have a marvellous gift store that provides all their products.”
Late that afternoon Sherlock takes a taxi to John’s clinic and waits out the front, watching people come in and out. He stares with frank curiousity at an old man hobbling along on two walking sticks (why no walking frame? Stubborn, or another physiological reason?) then deduces the greasy hangover of a bad migraine on a businessman (electronics imports business, surely) and ovarian cysts on a young woman who appears to be reading English at university (because Sherlock refused to concede anyone would Graham Greene on purpose).
I'm going about this the wrong way, he tells his phone. I need to walk backwards through this.
She rushed over to us and waited while I tried to get him to do it again. He stared at me with his special you’re-an-idiot look then started to cry because I was unable to keep a secret.
"Where were you going tonight?"
"Electronic boffin's sick. But hang on - tell me. What's it?"
"Now what? Turn around. I've got another thirty six to pluck." When John doesn't move, Sherlock gets impatient. "What?"
“Sherlock, I’m starving.”
Sherlock thinks about this. A therapy pet. "Aren't all pets a form of therapy? Wouldn't it just be a pet?"
For he came to me when I had given up.
Mycroft leaned over to tap Albion’s chin. “Oh, look at you, Detective Albion, all calm and carefree after your first hostage incident.”
I silently thanked my stars that I had not been to seen Molly for a while and that there were no intestines in the fridge.
Charlotte and her Warlock shift their eyes from John, to Sherlock and back to John again. John smiles a little.
Sherlock has no time. "Tell me about the number immediately."
I sat on my couch for a long time, thinking. When I woke up the light had gone and there were shadows all around the room.
I wasn’t too worried. I thought I could look after him in this very early stage and she might be inclined to mother him when he started talking and engaging with his surroundings.
one's sibling?"
"I'll need a copy as soon as possible."
I took John to an excellent chip shop I know of down near University College and ordered the largest serving of hot chips the owner was prepared to make.
Nearby, Albion was tucked up soundly in his visiting basket, perfectly peaceful with his exquisite little fists folded on either side of his face and his mouth delicately closed as he slept and gathered his strength to keep John and I awake all night. The love in my heart flooded over the top.
“We have. Caroline, might I get you something to drink? We’re not stocked for guests but I could rustle up some whiskey or maybe”–
"Abtholutely not."
“Why are you cooking dinner? And where did that pot come from?”
I wasn’t, not at all. Ms Powers was becoming quite insistent. “Social Services,” was all I could say.
"What," he said in a dull voice, hardly turning his face.
“Are you a justice of the peace?” I often wondered exactly what she was.
"Wait. Let me get this. He has phones for each of them, and those phones correspond with the numbers on their arms.”
"Oh, sure. Thanks. I'd like to come."
Which expands perfectly to allow
The other big change is Mycroft, who has, surprisingly, become the cool uncle. Since Eurus died (willed her own death, poor creature) Sherlock and Mycroft have found a peace in their relationship that they could never have while she lived. Sherlock now accepts and sometimes even seeks Mycroft’s advice, and Mycroft is supportive of, and (on a least two occasions) impressed by Sherlock’s work.
The MI6 agent is not interested in Sherlock's bed sheet or Sherlock all that much. Sherlock is now alphabetising all the small details about the MI6 agent and the seven corgis who likely make his life miserable and files them in the Mycroft archive.
“Constellation. It’s the latest Chanel. Limited edition. You have to get on a waiting list.”
When the kiss eases he lets his lips linger a millimeter from John’s, helpless as the breathtaking landscape of their proposed intimacy starts to open to him.
"Oh, and this is my boyfriend, Colin!"
"I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard There have been some disturbing international developments since you've been away. Doctor Watson is now required by Interpol to undertake a number of top secret investigations in Belgium. He has to leave immediately."
And John is nowhere to be seen.
“Albion.”
Sherlock lays his book on the night table and does what he’s told.
“I never used to have my quotidian details, assorted flaws and shoe size advertised on your blog either.”
“This baby is in perfect health,” John said, his eyes fixed on my son.
What kind of land creature is John Watson?
~~fin~~
I was still shopping on line when Adrienne called me the next morning to see if I had the money. I’d forgotten all about it, which isn’t like me.
There is some general discussion amongst them all – well, that was quick, how much do we owe you, can I pay when I see you - and Sherlock still doesn’t look up.  “No need. I have a friend who owes me a favour.”
John had, he told me,  flown back from the New York yesterday and made immediate contact with Lestrade, who provided a bed for him last night. Lestrade delivered him to my door today to ensure that there was no blood shed between us.
They both know it will fall into place, piece by small piece. They make plans for the future privately and end up sharing them because they work best like that. John will cut back his hours and eventually leave the clinic so he can work full time with Sherlock who in turn is still half mad, half brilliant, always dazzling John with his fabulous mind. There will be soda bread and tantrums and laughter but there will be no doubt for either of them that each is loved and esteemed as he always hoped he might be.
John, who was thinking about the dead person, looked like he got off a train at the wrong station. “What? Why do I want balloons?”
I had Albion, sweet smelling and quite content, tucked in under my chin. He was making tiny little noises for his own entertainment. A wave of anguish came over me, that someone might take him away, even for a few hours until I could get Mycroft to pull out all stops.
A thin vapour of Coty's Emaurade winds into the kitchen.
The tea was somewhat satisfactory but it made him slightly full. He spent a few interesting minutes pressing his intestines, chasing small lines of bubbles and liquid through the soft tract. Then he sat down to a read A Book of Luminous Things. It was a promising title; Sherlock is very partial to luminous things. He found the book wanting. Granted, a few of the poems were definitely conductors of light but there was little luminosity. He did another two lines and plucked aimlessly at the violin for a while then another two lines which kept him awake the rest of the night, trying to recall the contents of the Luminous book in the order that he had read it. When he managed that he tried to do it backwards. He closed his eyes to sleep at the first signs of light of the third caseless day.
"Good point, but irrespective, a lot of them do, especially if they use a gun. This one doesn't.
“Mrs Hudson!” I called at her door.
“Yes, precisely. A Woodsman, like the man who took Snow White out into the woods but let her free, and killed a boar to fool the wicked stepmother. A loyal man, a kind man, an intensely good man.” I drew John a little closer. “The Woodsman came in and looked around, and the Prince suddenly felt this strange knocking in his chest, which he ignored because he was an idiot. He deduced that the Woodsman was looking for a flat, so the Prince asked him if he wanted to share his. And he did.”
He can fit through windows
I was overcome with gratitude that this man was here to teach Albion the important things that I don’t even remember or have deleted. More importantly, I realised that all the things he had no doubt planned to do for Ollie, and was forced to discard, he had resurrected and was now willing to hand over to Albion.
For John Watson is every rare thing scientists covet.
Bravery
“Of course! He loves them. I’ve told him stories since he was a few days old. I hope, by the time I introduce him to books in a few months time, that he will be familiar enough with the narrative to associate them with the pictures, and this should help him with recognizing words. “
“JUST TELL ME.”
"Police men and women," Lestrade corrects. "Okay. I'm not agreeing to it but I'm able to be persuaded. Explain to me exactly what has gone on, and then I'll decide if you can call him."
He has spent the last couple of weeks trawling internet sites, looking for a place where he might live in relative contentment with people he doesn't want to kill.
It was clear that Mrs Hudson and Anya had been sharing a number of secrets because they both smirked when they met in our lounge room. Mycroft was setting Albion in his pram, John was being ridiculous with his staring and Lestrade looked like he had been locked in a monkey’s cage.
After ten days of silently slapping paint on the wall upstairs and driving me out of mind in his painting clothes, John Watson called me upstairs to see the new nursery.
John, who hates treating attempted suicides more than any other ailment, has made up his mind to blow off the back of his head and now finds everything much easier.
Pineapples are too big for one person
He's not exactly certain where he is. He's not sure what to do.
Sherlock is restless as John catches his breath. After what he deems is a decent interval, he leans in to John ear. “ Is it time to frot?”
He sits down on the side of the bed and looks over to the desk drawer where he keeps his gun.
“Have you got a baby in here?” Lestrade asked. He looked hopeful.
"It's all fine. Where are we going?"
Married. Two children, one toddling, the other tiny and still squalling. Lives in a flat, rides a motor cycle to work, hung over. Front loading washing machine.
But it wasn’t as if Sherlock was entirely recovered either. It’s just that it took John a little longer to see it.
“Did you name him George, or was he already called George?”
"I'm on probation. They might decide not to keep me after my first day."
John is endlessly grateful to Sherlock everything that happens to them every day - for his unrelenting pursuit of danger, his phenomenal mind, his ferocious intelligence and the delectable little streaks of tenderness that make themselves known when John least expects it.
“Why don’t we go down to the hospital and get you checked out?” I said nicely. I felt like some fresh air anyway.
For on straightening my collar he will touch my cheek with his thumb.
The sit together on the floor, facing one another, with a map of London between them on one side, and the plans of the house of the other.
“Mr Albion should have his own room soon. You have a spare room up the stairs and he would be happy in there with his privacy.“
Thank you. I'll pick them up later today.
The offenders are arrested in the early afternoon.
“Don’t be painful, Sherlock,” Mycroft scowled. “Would you like me to finish feeding Albion while you have your breakfast?”
“So…do something adolescent to me.”
“I don’t. I have a Sherlock fetish. And since it would be wrong to brand your arse with my initials, I thought this might be a very nice substitute.”
Uncle Rudy is sorting through her wardrobe. There’s a row of play dresses, lovely soft frocks made from liberty cottons or viyella, a few small Ballantyne cardigans in pastel cashmeres, some white frilly Cacharel blouses Auntie Chloe sent from Paris, stout Clarks shoes in a neat row on the floor, and two pairs of dark trousers for the cold weather, folded on a small shelf to the right.
“Of course.”
“Are you telling this story? No you are not. Shut up. One night masked men held up the shop while the Prince was in the store by himself. The owner found the Prince the next morning, still tied up and quite cranky. The owner called the police and a Detective Gilroy Lestrade was the investigating officer.”
“Do you people think I can cause immaculate conception? Ask intelligent questions or leave now.”
“No. Not a one.”
"Yes. I'm also certain that you're thinking of doing yourself great harm."
"Oh, look at you, all comfy and sweet in your lounging clothes."
He puts it back down on the bed to see if it's okay but it just sits there, staring into space.
And for John, Sherlock feels right. He's all bones and long clasping fingers and jutting edges, a heavy head of hair that smells like sweet powder and oil, skin light like buttermilk as John unbuttons his shirt and feels the secret warmth in there, the shell like ridge of his ribs, the soft expanse of his abdomen and the thin trail of hair, everything lean and tense and underfed. John rolls his fingers under the hard cage of Sherlock's left rib.
Instead she talks to a police liaison officer who advises Police are re-examining Mariah’s disappearance. When the call is finished, Corinne is still, staring into that cold, empty space where the sound of her daughter singing a hymn is the only disturbance.
For he is the supernova.
Ademar tips his handsome head slightly to the left and Sherlock sees a small whisper of pity in his eyes. “No, not completely. But I can I help you work with it, and I can help you manage it so you don’t risk ruining your friendship with your flatmate. Do you feel comfortable telling me his name?”
“I know what I said.” John rolled over to face me. “Is that what’s bothering you?”
It is
"So?"
“Why?”
“Yes. True. And Doctor Watson, do you have input to Albion’s care?”
John is just about to get on the tube when he gets his first text poem. It starts with a single line, then each couplet sent is sent separately at precise sixty second intervals:
They all sat down around the dining room table. Sherlock starts.
John tips the egg timer and watches the sand start its little journey. “Any that you think might fit this case?”
Eventually the midwife stormed off and the nurse sort of sauntered out, only to return in a few minutes with a bottle.
“Alright. You need to put the microscope away and go have a lie down. I’ll see you at home.”
We had nearly run out of interesting things to talk about when she grabbed her purse, as if an exciting thing had occurred to her. Which it had.
They walk side by side through sharp cold air. Sherlock's explaining the best way to serve parmesan cheese and the importance of pepper grinders, John's asking interested questions, both are enjoying each other's company immensely, unaware that they are starting the pattern that will be theirs alone for many, many years.
“Well, I thought morning suits might be appropriate, but we did, of course, wear those last time. So I’ve taken the liberty of ordering you a Kiton suit which will be identical to the Kiton suit I’ve ordered for myself.”
Lestrade checks with Donovan. “No,” she says. “We don’t issue our alerts until we’re certain the coverage won’t hinder the investigation. Why?”
John folds his arms around his knees and rests his face on the muscly forearms.
Lestrade was rounding us up. “Yeah, alright, I’m a firm advocate of the modern nuclear family but we’ve got ninety minutes before the security firm turns up to lock this place down.” He ushered inside the enormous warehouse and I calculated we were facing about one hundred and forty containers that formed twelve unevenly stacked rows. Instructions were written in thick marker on some of the containers using the same code I had seen earlier that day.
Sherlock’s poem in this chapter is inspired by For I Will Consider My Cat Jeoffry, which is part of the Jubilate Agno, written by Christopher Smart in the 18th Century. Jeoffry shared the poet’s cell in an asylum and was his only company for many years. Christopher Smart studied at Pembroke College, Cambridge, as did Douglas Adams, who (in his Hitchhiker’s Trilogy) famously declared the meaning of life to be 42.
And my brother strolled off, tapping his umbrella delicately on the pavement in time with his steps, no doubt smiling as he plotted the downfall of some despotic Government in a third world country.
“Is that the same one?” she asked, pointing.
“What was that all about?” I asked the now smooth doctor when she had gone.
"Good shot. I didn't realise you'd been a sniper. Thank you"
There is only a cup in the sink so John opts for laundry.
“And then the whole family was murdered. At a wedding! Can you believe it? I went mental.”
John, with both strong arms wrapped firmly around my son, gave me his beautiful smile . “Thank you. It’s so good to be back.”
He spent the first caseless day lying on the couch with his feet planted flat against the wall, his head hanging of the edge, his curls tumbling towards the floor, blood pooling in the top of his brain. He was trying to render himself unconscious. It didn't work because it couldn't sustain his interest long enough. He gave up after a couple of hours, drank some hot water, counted all the fleur de lys designs in the wallpaper (there 267 but if you count each piece at the edge of the paper and combine them into whole pieces there are 274) and the re-read treasured passages from The Italian Journey:
For Sherlock’s second round of therapy, Ademar gives him a refresher course on the intricacies and delights of frottage, as well as some handy tips on substitutes for lubricant. It is even more beneficial than the first round.
John shrugs his shoulders. It seems unlikely that there's anything; he is hoping there isn't. That's his preference, not to feel anything again, not to be alive, not to be anything but a small blur in a photo.
“Hmmm. I’ve never been a team player. Do you like working with people from other hospitals?”
"I must be the only man in the world who is literally bored to death by living a normal life."
Then I took a good breath and put my dignity on the line. “Or you can sleep in my room with me and Albion.”
“Yeah. Okay.”
“What did you dream?”
"And the police ask you to help them?"
He looks back quickly, eyes lit with interest, but all he says is, “Oh.”.
The judge looked back to Adrienne and continued. “You’ve had police warnings for drug use.”
John Watson is short and blond and smiles mildly when he’s about to break your jaw. He looks like a man who got lost in British Homes Stores while looking for the sleepwear section  but he is, in fact,  an incredibly passionate man with a continual rage on a low heat at all times and carrying a loaded gun. Fire him up and he bursts into flames.
She didn’t say anything about my blog, but again I bit my tongue.
Dogs don’t live long enough.
The old lady is laying in her bed with a halo of bright white hair and a soft old nightie covered with little springs of pink blossoms. She just smiles at the nurse, doesn't seem to notice John but is immediately taken with Sherlock.
So John cuts his last tie with his life and walks out to the large gate, dry eyed now and quite
“What was it?”
“He’s great, Sherlock.” John was stroking Albion’s unmanageable hair. “He looks so much like you.”
“Only you would have a kid that matches the décor. But look, I’ve got to talk to you about social services.”
“We’ve known each other for years. I am absolutely willing if you are.”
So I wasn’t very hopeful when I was sent off to be rehabilitated again, although I am partial to swimming and looked forward to an occasional dip.
"I play the violin," Sherlock says without looking up from his pizza. "It helps me think.
C U then
His beautiful sex from the world
“Yeah, I know, but is he smart like you?”
"Elderly patients in a care facility? I doubt they'd notice or, even if they did, do you think they'd remember?"
“I didn’t think of all the sentiment things. I only planned for the operational things and I know now that was a mistake. When I did it, I did it for you. Moriarty was going to hurt you. He told me he would burn the heart out of me and the stupid thing was, he knew exactly where my heart was before I did. I know you’ve heard me say sorry, but I want you to know that when I say sorry now – here, tonight -  I mean that I’m sorry for the hurt I caused you, and I’m sorry for the huge gap between us. I’ve missed having you close. I miss it everyday. I’m sorry- truly sorry – that I did that to what must be one of the greatest friendships available to anyone.”
"Seven, eight years. I saw a lot of trouble, yes."
The Triage nurse is at the end of his shift. The bleeding man with chest pains will probably be his last patient tonight.
Then his whispers became explicit. “Open you legs for me, like that, yes, like that.” It was intoxicating; I’d never known him like this. That’s when I understood his rage, which once might have been subdued by crushing that skull with a coke bottle, was tonight channeled into dominating me and my fear. My perplexity, in turn was channeled into submitting to him. John and I were equals in all things – leading and following no longer played a part in our relationship - but we could indulge in private, and ease the anxieties that we’d both experienced.
"You're very calm."
"No you didn't."
For he brought vases that he filled with blossoms.
The things that I thought would be most difficult were actually the most simple, and the things that popular culture would suggest are the easiest actually required some effort.
And a beautiful yellow light shines over the whole problem. He gives his now gleaming phone a wild smile and punches a rapid text to Lestrade.
“No. An acquaintance of a friend of his painted my toenails.”
Rudy remains calm, but even as he speaks is promising himself a very large glass of brandy and ginger ale when this is over. “Well, maybe you could all travel as a family as Eurus settles in. Sherlock especially has become very attached to her in the last few weeks, and I think it will assist Eurus to see him missing her.”
"Well, if the boss wasn't a user, I'd say they were working together and doing some serious skimming, you know, like in the hundreds or even thousands, depending on how much they were selling."
“A parental order means that with any important decision – like a passport, or vaccinations, or medical treatment - John can make that decision without you here. He becomes Albion’s legal parent. If you let this slip, Albion will have one parent. John will be, in common law, a guardian, but that status could be challenged in court. So if anything should happen to you – God forbid – Albion could be taken as a ward of the state, and stay that way until John’s role was defined by the court.”
Ryan is sitting in front of Sherlock. Interesting, Sherlock thinks as he dips a chip in the sauce. (He hates sauce poured over the chips, preferring to dip one side and one side only of the chip before eating it whole.) He once overheard Mike explain to Molly that Ryan had been the target of school bullies. Sherlock had no advice and no great interest, but he empathised privately, for he too had been bullied mercilessly at Ryan’s age.  Problem is, there is no cure unless you relocate the boy to another school and that, Sherlock knew personally, doesn’t always work. He observes the boy munching doggedly on a hamburger, and feels sadness for him.
Sherlock is sitting elegantly in his black chair.
“One of your teachers told us you’re best friends with a lad called Tom.”
John considered this. It seemed implausible, but, he decided, bound to happen sometimes. “Right. See you in the morning.”
A little later Sherlock is seated before the large microscope while John is leaning against the bench, facing out. Mike Stamford stands nearby and he and John chat; Molly has just returned from the other lab with a series of test results she wants to double check.
“She’s pretty formidable. I wouldn’t fight her either. She’s had military training, hasn’t she?”
“Thank you.” John shrugged. “Doesn’t matter now. It’s all in the past. Ollie would have forgotten me completely. If any one ever tells her about me when she’s an adult, she’ll have to take their word for it because won’t remember me.”
Both John and I sparked as out metaphorical ignitions were started.
Mycroft dragged a chair over and sat in front of us, as if he was observing an especially interesting zoo exhibition.
Sherlock was good on his promise. He wrote to his sister from the airport, again from the plane, as soon as he got home and from the shore of the beach where they played, so Eurus got four letters in her first week.
Peeling back for me like forbidden fruit.
Sometimes it worked, sometimes it made him angrier. It’s possible Albion is a climate change denier.
o      Call in sick
"I did at school, for a time. We all had to."
“Nope. Are they alive?”
They were on the table somewhere. “Take them. Actually, take them, make me a couple of copies and bring them back.”
"Blessings." Colin maintained an inappropriate eye contact which, coupled with the inane greeting, made John want to hit him with his cane.
For he is sound.
“Toby!” Sherlock calls to the cat. “Get off the curtains or John Watson will shoot you.”
head. Sherlock watches carefully as John is hunted in his sleep and when it gets too gruesome to watch, says out loud, "I think there's going to be rain in Sussex tomorrow."
“I’ll tell you the others when you wake up again.”
On this sombre morning, Sherlock knew also that it would be would be disastrous for heterosexual John to have any clue that Sherlock was in pain. A silent getaway was needed.
Sherlock is still for a brief second. It's exhausting, conversing with an idiot (albeit one of whom he is very fond) and trying to wrangle a phone from such an awkward place with a coat hanger at the same time.
John and Sherlock have been hired by a credit union to try and find investors’ money that a financier insists has been lost in the share market.
"What happened to Rhonda?" Charlotte asks.
John laughs bitterly. "No, she told me I had trust issues. The army told me that I couldn't practise. They were right. I have tremors in my right hand and ..." his voice trails off a bit. He doesn't want to discuss his flaws with this interesting stranger who might be forming a good opinion of him.
John looks casually over the file rack but there are no patient notes for Sherlock yet. One either side of him there are rows of cubicles, each shielded by a heavy, hospital-blue curtain. He has to take a good guess.
It's possible he'd forgive them if they kept their fecundity to the bedroom but they seem to be singularly without any boundaries. John has, to his squirming embarrassment, walked on them so many times in the kitchen or lounge room or hallway that he is starting to think they mate with the hope that he will interrupt them.
“A bit, yes. There were a lot of things that could go wrong.”
“That’s pretty weird,” the Doctor said with a slightly concerned face.
“Did Uncle Rudy film this?”
And by the end of the month, John Watson had been interviewed for the role of Clinical Lecturer (Level 3, Part Time, position Number Kx77493022).
She's grateful for an ally and saddened by John's inability to catch his own food, so occasionally will bring him presents. Today it is a little wood mouse with a victim complex.
“I had a dog. We used to go pirating together.”
“Are you asking any adversaries to our wedding, then?”
"Will do," says Bob, who still lives at home with his parents. "Before you go, can I help you with any medicinal needs? I have some excellent hashish oil from a lovely little place down near the equator. I can give you a" -
“Inspector,” Ms Powers said quickly.  “Sue Powers, Social Services.” Her arms were outstretched and she nearly had my baby.
“Will you come, Sherlock?” Mike asks.
“Now I need to ask about Albion’s physical health. May I hold him for a moment, please?”
The Detective Inspector is too harassed to press Sherlock any further and hands John a disposable suit. "I can give you five minutes."
I knew he would be sorry immediately. Mycroft is intolerable in many ways but he is not malevolent.
Mrs Hudson is delivering a few groceries she has kindly picked up for her entirely irresponsible tenant. "I'll leave these on the table for you, Sherlock. Don't forget to put the milk and butter in the fridge."
Long hair or short hair? I have a Rastafarian.
The game is called Godzilla, and the purpose is to build towers with blocks and have Godzilla walk right through them and knock them down.
“Oh, you lovely thing. If only everyone realised that. John, I’m going to my gardening club down at the park, and its such a lovely day, I thought Rosie might like to come.”
Sherlock blots the uneven surface of the scar with heavy lips, savouring the scent and the awkward texture and sends his finger tips over the strap muscles, around to the exit wound at the back. The muscles are hard; Sherlock imagines how fibrous they'd feel under dissection.
“Who are you?” she says sharply, suddenly. Her eyes are cloudy and bitter, her voice delivered in between tortuous breaths from behind the oxygen mask.
“Once upon a time there was a handsome Prince who was quite smart but in essence an absolute idiot. He was born with a big brain but no one could find his heart.”
“I haven’t forgotten.”
"Hmm. So you're an army doctor?" Sherlock watches John closely when he asks this.
My nightmares, he realises, have all come true.
I would have gone looking for her but babies straight off the production line are incredibly time consuming. Apart from actually having to operate his body for him, I wanted to tell Albion as much as I possibly could about everything.  Most of the early childhood specialists agree that we take the most information, that which will form half of what we learn in a lifetime, by the age of two.
“I think everyone knows,” Sherlock says doubtfully.
When he gets back to the living room. Sherlock is ordering some takeaway food, and the kettle is whistling in the background.
Sherlock agrees. “They look after their tails. That’s another thing I like about them. They’re clean and neat. Actually I like that about you too. I’ve never seen you looking untidy.”
"Where's yours?"
And off she went in the black car.
It comes to this, he decides.
He tries to conjure up some positive thoughts. Maybe I could fall in love with someone else. Another man might like me.
Uncle Rudy is calm and fair. “Well. You don’t know it’s stupid unless you’ve tried it.”
Sherlock crouches down a second time to look at the blood more closely.
Sherlock doesn’t listen. Everything he needs to know comes in a continuous wave of words and symbols as he studies the victim.
“I hate to say this, but we should ask Mycroft, and get Greg here too. Mycroft can access the electoral roles, and NHS numbers if need be, to help find someone. Greg can maybe talk to the police who worked on the case, if any are still alive.”
It’s actually run by a builder. Best cup of tea in London, outside our kitchen.“
“You keep me right, John,” Sherlock pants as he humps still, exhausted but unable to stop, grimacing at the friction now. He shifts to cradle John’s head with his right arm.
“It doesn’t matter whether or not I’m a high functioning sociopath, or why. I’m in love with John Watson.”
“He likes the wallpaper. It was one of the first things that he noticed.”
My lack of action made him more angry. He yelled and kicked things for ten minutes or so, and then stood in front me, disoriented, as if he’d finally got to the end of a very long road that he’d been travelling in blinkers.
I gave them the expurgated version – the shots of his feet, hands, his perfect rosy mouth and a couple of photos of him smiling.
Sally came around to stand by my side. Albion, who was strapped against my chest, peeped out from behind his fist.
"You know,” he says after a bit,  “I think you should meet my friend Ademar Silver."
“Well, I’ll be the pussycat but I’m not wearing a bow. And I’m actually a jaguar.”
“Is Albion a good sleeper?” Mummy wanted to know.
For he is electricity.
John smiles to himself as Sherlock sweeps into the lab where he had worked as a student and a registrar.
“She figured that no one looking for her would have suspected her to be a nurse, married to a doctor, living in suburban London,” he explained.
“Is there a water crisis?”
John and Sherlock are folded together on their couch, watching a documentary about birds. John is quite taken with the bowerbird and the odd collection of blue things the creature has gathered for a potential mate.
For he is strong.
“I hope she never asks us how we got together,” John remarks. He lays on his side, one leg hooked artlessly over Sherlock, smiling into his face.
Mrs Best has to be told.  Early the next morning Greg Lestrade goes himself, and Sherlock accompanies him.
He is all these things in a checked shirt,
That statement, coming from my father, is akin to any emotionally healthy person writing you a sonnet.
“So,” Sherlock drawled, warm and comfortable on the sturdy Watson chest, “Was it about owls and public school children at a wizard school? Tell me about it.”
When the exhausted nurse finally kicked me out of the hospital, I went home and read everything I could to find out what I needed. Which turned out to be a lot.
On the way home, Sherlock explains in forensic detail the pathology of John’s sexuality. Lestrade shoots sympathetic glances to John in the rear view mirror.
“Well, as a rough translation – they’re indicating weights of whatever is inside and the amount of packages the container contains.” I studied the words more closely. “This container holds shipment of bags – suitcases, actually – and the packages are all in the lining.”
I'll be there this afternoon with a colleague.
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock says proudly. “And I his. I was his best man. He asked me to be his best man because I was, he said, his best friend.”
“John! What’s up?”
We pored over dozens of images of slash wounds, all of which Molly had catalogued with precise details, including the circumstances of each cut.
"It's annoying. Shut up."
"Wait here for a moment."
“You can assume that I believe in solving difficult cases. And this is most definitely difficult.”
Sherlock answers with a full mouth too. "No, this is the first time. It's also the first time I've had a guest stay overnight. Obviously she made these just to get a look at you."
John nodded mildly.
And then he produces a bottle of Butter nail varnish in a very deep purple, a noble sparkling colour that has an opalescent effect under the light.
Sherlock, gently scraping small pieces of gum from a tile of glass, hears this and listens more closely despite himself.
They didn’t define danger.
Sherlock doesn't look up from his paper. "That was my stylist."
I could feel John’s intense curiosity about the whole crack house affair rising in him like a tide. I didn’t want it to take on any artificial importance.
“Well, when I say a friend, I mean a brother who is a lifetime member of the English Rugby Union. But don’t worry. He has to destabilise the government in some crumbling third world country and won’t be able to make it. In any case he’s not invited.”
Rosie, meanwhile, has other news.
He goes on and on, reeling of facts based on the most tiny of observations, nothing overlooked, nothing implausible, everything sustained by things that were available to any naked eye, if only they could be bothered to observe.
“What’s that?” he says to the her.
John ushered us both straight into the bath as soon as we got home. Mrs Hudson and Anya appeared from nowhere and there were small noises in the kitchen. Tea, I suspect, and maybe a light meal.
And to think I couldn’t work out why I love John Watson.
"He doesn't sound very friendly," John says when the call is disconnected.
“How is Anya faring?”
“No, it’s too small, and there’s no corresponding breaks on any other bones. Being dropped into the cellar would have caused a wider impact, and many more fractures or breaks. This is a relatively short crack, as if she has hit her head against something hard and dense.”
For he is the blood of my everyday.
I chose his name while I was buying very small blankets. Later that morning I called Mycroft and asked if I could have eighty thousand pounds from my bank account.
"What does the head weigh with wet hair?" John hears himself asking.
Lestrade and John look at one another. Sherlock just came out, they both tell each other without saying a word.
the lights of his eyes click down to low.
It aged well -  tasted drier and the fruit was a little more tart.
Excellent. Can I take portions if they prove interesting?
"Definitely. He'd know that he was badly injured, he wouldn't be able to make any noise because his trachea is crushed, and his blood pressure would be dropping very rapidly because the blood is spurting out."
“Oh. Here are your grandparents. They’re going to want to poke you and tell you lies about me. We’re just going to have to put up with it.”
I am a fraud, John says to himself with no evident concern as he ticks the first item off his list with a swift stroke. I am a fraud.
A miracle would be nice, Sherlock thinks. A very big miracle. Not nearly enough miracles these days.
“Sherlock,” he started, but was distracted by how adequately I managed to feed my son. “Sorry, but that is seriously doing my head in, you feeding a baby.”
The one thing that bought occasional relief was fairytales. If we were lucky, he would stop long enough to hear if he heard them before, or if they featured any boars.
“Well, if any of you have ever wondered if I’m circumcised, you’ll find out in the next fifteen seconds when I get out of the bath.”
“I was alone for two years, John. There were times when I had to make food or I would have died of malnutrition. I googled something like easy food and oddly enough found it could be quite interesting to prepare simple meals.” He popped a small portion of buttered soda bread into his mouth. “Except things with tomatoes.”
"This one - is he Peter Turton?"
Ms Powers was now leaning in to take Albion from me.
On his thirty third day, he had been grizzling, not dramatically like he sometimes does but just enough to keep me on my toes,  while I cleaned him up.
We waited in the A&E room for three hours. I had to explain repeatedly to the idiots who worked there that Adrienne had not seen a doctor once in her pregnancy and that she needed to be assessed in order to book her in somewhere to have a baby.
“And no more assassins.”
“Does Albion like her?”
The best tea in all of Britain.
“Different.”
“Well, cats are. They’ve got no patience for fools. Of course they wanted a good housekeeper. Cats make a lot of mess. And they had kittens in the house that obviously needed special care. What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
Sherlock thinks about this. “You called me a machine once.”
“Shouldn’t you maybe ask him if wants to come?” Molly asks gently. Greg looks at her neat slim ankles folded under her chair. So feminine.
“What’s her real name?”
his beautiful face will
“It’s so heavy! I daren’t think what you might have inside it. What are you up to now?”
“So where are we up to?” he asks brightly, rubbing his hands together.
It had been an arduous day for both men. John had worked ten hours at the clinic and was now reading in bed; Sherlock had solved the disappearance of two children (who, it transpired, were hiding in the house of the grandmother who reported them missing) and now pads out from the bathroom to slip under the sheets.
It was 8.15 in the morning. John and Anya were staring each other down as Albion was being prepared for a walk to the park.
They are travelling home in a taxi, recreating the room where they have spoken to the financier, the man they suspect of embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds. Sherlock can’t work out where the money has been hidden or spent so he’s creating a mental inventory of the room in which they spoke to the suspect, trying to ascertain what is out of place. So far, all the suspect’s possessions and home have failed to suggest any newly found wealth.
John Watson asks me
There’s more giggles and small sighs. “My foreskin loves you too. Especially your tongue.”
“No. You’ll hear it tomorrow and hopefully be pleasantly surprised.”
“That’s our pot. I bought it today from Selfridges.”
It was no less nonsensical than a lot of their clients, and more plausible than some. The matter might have been shelved indefinitely had two brothers not executed a daring raid on a Bond Street Jeweller, and if Detective Lestrade had decided not to take an extra sick day as he recovered from a bad cold, and if Scotland Yard had not employed an exceptional archivist who filed their cold cases with commendable accuracy.
Sherlock nods, half standing to move to the victim’s feet, where he examines the dead man’s shoes and the concrete floor where he stood before he died.
“John, what time did you say you had to be at the bank?”
He is all these things in a jumper
"Do private clients pay you?"
“Poets can be idiots. We had one who came to our school when I was fourteen and he was a complete idiot. Kept reading us poetry.”
Easy for him to say.
Why do people keep records of phone numbers?
He didn’t explicitly say he was sick of me too, but since he said “sick of everything”, and didn’t specifically eliminate me, I had to assume he was sick of me too. Which was intensely painful.
"So is Holmes just allowed to bring anyone to crime scenes now?"
His mother, meanwhile, was sound asleep. The nurse checked her pulse, shrugged his shoulders and left me to it.
"A lot of trauma, handled a lot of medical emergencies."
And then I heard the voice, John’s real voice, laced with fury and so, so reassuring on the cold black air of that warehouse as he stood behind this hideous man.
“Go easy on Gavin,” John whispers, and winks at Sherlock before he flies down the stairs.
“Of course! Why? Don’t you like it?”
“No, I’ve already told you, he was an idiot. He still hadn’t entirely given up on being a pirate. Anyway, he worked in the labs for a couple of years and then he met another chemist on whom who he developed a very bad crush, and it was like the Victor situation except worse, because the Chemist was married and led the Prince on in a very unacceptable way.”
“Do you like me?”
“That’s a cute name,” John says.
"See? It frigging hurts."
Pouring hot water and milk for our tea.
Albion roared louder at me for making a spectacle of him.
“Mrs Best,” Sherlock asks, out of the blue, “I don’t mean to pry, but you have no photos of Mariah  here? “
“Thank you, Billy.”
“They’re not going to hurt you anymore,” he tells Sherlock quietly. “You’re safe now. If anyone tries to hurt you again, I’m going to shoot them.”
“Right. Ah. Good. So who painted your toenails?”
Ms Briggs was taking furious notes. I could only make out every third word. Her penmanship was poor.
John returns, the dog growls, and Rosie sits up a little.
“England and France.”
Every time he plucks, John says, "Ow."
For he straightens my collar sometimes.
I was aware of some of those details about Mrs Watson a few months before and told John the bare essentials; he in turn cut all contact with me until that night, when he stormed out of the marital home and charged over to my home, blaming me for the whole crumbling mess. (I had nothing to do with it, for a change. John was upset and, as I’ve described, he can get fired up.)
Bob is drinking peppermint tea and being very circumspect in his responses to Sherlock's careful questions.
My brother called me back later that morning. “Are you buying nursery furniture from department stores? I’ve had an alert on your credit card.”
“Great idea putting the baby upstairs,” Lestrade said to me with his casual grin. “Be perfect when he’s a teenager.”
After a while, Eurus said, “We should have a funeral of our own.”
Sherlock, who has never had a friend in his life, is walking with John in tow towards a long tail of police crime scene tape suspended across the street .
Nothing came and John closed it all down.
“He quiet possibly is consulted by academics and other medical professionals.” Mycroft is bored with all of this. He doesn’t care for Switzerland despite the glut of good chocolate available to him, and he doesn’t like mixing with other people.
There's the murderer, grabbing a thick handful of Sherlock's hair at the top of his crown and fixing him still.
He is the maelstrom of Corryvreken and will consume you in seconds.
“What, you’re telling me she isn’t using?”
The flinching annoyed John. The thought of being restrained from touching Sherlock’s back made him touch it more.
“Every one did, especially the idiot Prince. The evil Prince heard the knocking in the idiot Prince’s chest and worked out what it was.”
"So," Sherlock starts. "Are you okay?"
“Jem, tell them how you made it. NOW.”
Sherlock’s eyes grow dreamy as he imagines the skin on one buttock sizzling under a hot poker.
"Of course." And John remembers his manners. "I'm sorry, I didn't introduce myself. I'm John Watson. I work with Sherlock on his cases."
It is a complete contrast to the mouse, who John too now hears rustling inside walls every night as he lays in bed, waiting for the nightmares to start. The bird looks around the room with detached curiosity and has no objections to John getting any closer.
"Cold?" he asks his patient.
"Fine. Have the tweezers." He whacks them into John's open hand.
“No. He has an excellent appetite and seems very amenable to try new foods. I hesitate to give him commercial foods because I’m not sure what’s in them. I’ll analyze them first and if I’m satisfied that there are no colours or synthetic flavours, then he can eat those occasionally.”
“Well, you are eminently qualified to analyze baby food. So what is his routine in the evening?”
I wasn’t sure what she meant. “He’s my son,” was the best I could do.
It’s possible I sound like a cheap date, luring John Watson back into my bed before he’s unpacked his luggage.
“Wasn’t that wonderful?” John said to him.
“You can sleep in your old room,” I said with no satisfaction at all.
In the late afternoon he tidied his desk and left his computer on so his spreadsheets could be accessed. Tomorrow he planned to call in sick. He left the office that night with a sort of thickness in his heart but not sorry and not regretful. Shona, as always, didn't look up as he walked past her desk and for a second he almost stopped and asked her out for a drink, thinking he might be able to rectify her displeasure with him. But what the hell. What difference does it make.
I’d read something about it but at that moment was distracted by John’s large and complex scar. It was the first time I got to look it closely and at leisure.
John pretends to ignore him as he unlocks their door but once inside he walks Sherlock down the hall, loosening his coat and smiling. “I’m Sherlock’s poof,” he says lustily.
“I don’t think I could be any happier than I am now. Except for one thing.”
“It’s lovely to meet you, Anya,” I told her over Albion’s head. “I won’t be requiring your services at all.”
Sherlock had smirked at his brother. "He likes me best.")
"I wasn't here."
“The flat isn’t big enough for two babies.”
I watched as John tried to smooth Albion’s hair down.
Sherlock tips his face a little to the side. The scar has almost disappeared and his eyes change colour like opals.
“There’s no marks on him, and he seems perfectly happy,” John assured me.
Might as well be now, they each decided privately.
"No. So what, is he his friend? Is someone paying him to stay there?"
Four is satisfactory. I'll be in late this afternoon.
There is silence for a few seconds, and then Mummy speaks softly.
The kettle’s on. Dad remarks on the crusts of ice in their haphazard Sussex garden and Sherlock complains about sentiment as he boils the eggs. Both urge food on me, and make stern faces because I only have coffee for breakfast and Dad insists its not enough.
“Look, can we give him a jigsaw puzzle or something and GO?” Sherlock, rolling his eyes and pacing, is impatient for hot chips.
John had thought they would have good seats. He wasn’t expecting that they would have a corporate box. There is great appreciation as everyone admires the comfort, the privacy and the excellent view of the pitch.
But that could describe hundreds of thousands of people.
“No, I’m a chemist.”
His voice is strained with misery and discomfort. Sherlock hears it immediately and remembers that John has to eat regularly or he starts to flag.
“He’s very beautiful, Sherlock,” Molly said as she carefully handed my son back. Albion had calmed down now and still had his dreamy little eyes open, waiting patiently for me to do something else that would make him cry.
Who does?
He catches John's eye and smiles. "We should get going," John tells him.
I flopped over to lie on my stomach as I unwound and he lay close, still whispering. His rage had gone, and the room filled with the sibilance of his tender words while the heat of his body kept me warm.
Sherlock takes another deep breath and texts Molly to take the box to the roof. He can feel the anger radiating from John in hot waves.
I wasn’t really sure what to do with her. I think Molly needs therapy more than I do but none of my doctors were there when she visited. I decided that I should change the subject.
"That's my assistant." Mycroft says sharply. "Now what is your relationship to my brother?"
"Who's your brother?" John's genuinely curious.
"None whatsoever. I didn't mind Rugby though. I was a bit sad when they kicked me off the team."
“I’m not going anywhere,” John assured me as he sorted through the chips for the crunchy bits. “And leave my socks alone.”
To meet both.
Sherlock, though, has just about used up his reserve of refinement.
As we got to know each other, my boy and I settled into our own routine.
“Everything! We have breakfast together, and we have a walk every day, we watch the weather changing out the window, I explain weather patterns to him, we look at the wall paper, we talk about wild boars, London transport and non-renewable fossil fuels, I tell him stories…” and then I remembered something. “The blue ducks! He’s got some plastic ducks! I’m keeping them for when he’s old enough to use a scalpel, so he can practice!”
time a cat catches you."
Mike Stamford – who I have deduced to be admiring of Molly from a far for many years – was sitting at the bench. I have known Mike for years too. We’re not friends but I love him dearly because he introduced me to two medical degrees Watson. They had been students together and more recently were known to go to the pub together to watch Rugby games.
“There’s an excellent chance. Did you have any good patients today?”
"She can interpret morse code used in intelligence gathering, so yes. Doctor Watson trained her."
In the cab home they spend their time making eyes at each other and talking in almost slapstick innuendo.
until he clicked into place.
John's face is perfectly still for a second or two.
"It's so hard to find the right kind of cat for a place like this," the Head of Therapy says over the yowling. "Young cats are too skittish, old cats need too much care."
John was openly confused. “Is there abnormal sex?”
“Shut up. Of course you do. Anyway, the Prince’s tedious parents both went mental and came to see the Prince and cried and asked what they had done wrong and why was he such a rubbish son and why couldn’t he be like his brother and that went on for days until the Prince discharged himself and got a job in a bottle shop.”
"How's your face?" is the first thing John says as he sits up. His muscles are tight and a little compressed; he feels them ease gradually as blood chugs back into them.
Rosie, on the other hand, is not fond of the unfamiliar. She holds on to John tightly, and rests her head against his chest in case she needs to hide her face.
“I’ve been dreaming about this for twelve months!”
The numbers might be.
“What?”
The stranger reaches into his coat with a halting movements and produces a large bandana.
“No, you two don’t want me hanging around like the proverbial gooseberry. Lovely to meet you Annette, and I hope you have a memorable night.”
“Not so much to annoy you as to provoke a reaction from you.” John licks his lips and makes his confession. “My cunning plan was to have you react badly, then we could have a fight and hopefully I would have then been able to take you my arms and kiss you.”
"Is this about those kids getting killed with beer bottles?"
“Was Mariah there? Did Julia see her?”  Sherlock leans forward, keen and intense.
Sherlock walks around the victim while he snaps latex gloves over his hands, stopping at the victim’s head to carefully lift it from a heavy pool of congealed blood. John crouches down next to him.
She yowls loudly. No! Don't leave me here! Come back! There better not be any bloody warlocks here, Captain! Come back!
“Anya’s been on my back to give him his own room. I can’t fight both of you.”
This is going to be brilliant.
He straightens and smiles proudly. It’s nice to be complimented. “No, I had a pedicure.”
“Have you heard from John?”
“A Woodsman?”
“Thank you,” he says to Sherlock over and over.
“No. I thought Albion John Watson would be better.”
When I was certain there was no one around who would yell at me, I unwrapped his little feet and stroked the soles. His feet folded perfectly, indicating that the clutch reflex was present, so he could grip a branch if necessary. He would lose that shortly, so I made a mental note to get a curtain rod and test it properly soon.
“Congestion I can deal with,  the key performance indicators I can’t.”
“Well, perhaps you tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because you’re actually an extremely emotional man, and terrified of displaying what you perceive as a vulnerability or even weakness when you’re affected by a person’s love.”
