“Ha!” Dean stared back in awe and afterwards, he laughed from the older man’s returned reference. “Your lover, huh? Plan on showing me what’s underneath your clothes later? You know, since we’re so damn attracted to each other and all?”
With his hands hanging down his sides, Castiel glanced at the Prince and wished he could pay to discover his innermost thoughts. The reasons why Dean was biting his tongue during their journey through the castle. He was always so talkative but the absence of a conversation between them was like standing inside a blizzard.
effect on you,” he leaned back into the chair and slowly sipped his whiskey and he was going at drinking like it was possibly on its way to being considered as illegal tomorrow. “Anyone giving you problems, you let me know. Still doesn’t answer my question though. But the boss doesn’t have to know everything, right?”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean’s voice was so husky as he broke the kiss barely enough to gaze into blue eyes. “You’re driving me crazy.” He grinded their hips together and managed to pull a gasp out of the other man.
"Dean's a wonderful brother," Sam pressed on. "I kind of got myself into a fix with a reporter about two years ago. And whilst I thought it was love, it couldn't last because she turned out to be just trouble." Sam didn't notice Castiel's change in demeanor. "Dean was the one who advised against the match because of her background. She was bad news for me."
"First of all," Dean's cheeks turned crimson, "Benny isn't gay. He had a wife and kids."
"Isn't it obvious?" the Prince said softly as the instrumental music in the background continued. "I like you. Maybe too much."
"Well, I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment to you," Castiel's voice hoarsened and dipped a little as his shoulders drooped. "Maybe you should find a best friend who is easily able to divulge everything there is to know, instead of feeling like they're bombarding you with their tragedies, which you are too special to be burdened with. But I'm wrong. I'm always wrong."
The essence of love between him and Castiel was nothing like he ever experienced in his life. Their conversations contained so much depth, leaving him thirsting for more, as well as their mutual interests that seemed to be boundless. Books, music, a desperate need to be loved in an old-fashioned sort of way that didn’t entail parties and wild hangouts but mostly gained from the beauty of being surrounded by nature.
"You taste like watermelon," Dean said hoarsely, their lips still touching and chests heaving. He rested their foreheads together and stared into pools of blue. "And sugar. Why the hell do you taste like a Harry Styles song, Cas?"
Could you ascertain that he had flirted with me? Or was it just a display of the whole act that could be conducted on someone else? I don’t know! Don’t ask me, okay? I don’t know when a guy flirts with another guy, what it’s supposed to entail. But one thing was certainly obvious; like I mentioned before, if I was a woman, this entire thing would be different.
His hands were nervy. His fingers trembling when he tucked the small red envelope under his thigh and continued to unwrap his gift from Cas. And it wasn't his first gift. Not really. For five Christmases prior, Cas had always given him something valuable. Last year, there was a back scratcher. The year before, Cas had actually found a chakra beads band supposed to keep the wearer calm and after some debate on whether to wear it, Dean had complied. Afterwards, it really helped him so much that he never took the damn thing off. Not even when he showered. And just as much as those gifts were precious, so were the comfy denim jacket, the white Snoopy teddy bear and the portable charging dock to keep his phone juiced on the road.
Gradually, the music pumped up and the prom turned into quite the enjoyable night for those students who would be leaving Windsor High soon enough along with their dates. Castiel included, was experiencing something that was so intoxicating, the evening felt too euphoric. Everything felt so perfect that his toes curled whilst remaining by Dean’s side and as friends came to talk to the senior and left, there were no bad words delivered after the little episode involving Clarke and Lisa. In fact, the sour group retreated outside and was never seen for the rest of the evening.
“You’re not joining me?” Castiel inquired, his voice clear enough to be heard.
Barely registering that his best friend was dressed in a black suit, white shirt and no tie, Dean surrendered to observing everything else in detail except the older man. And because his attention diverted from the table to the contents of the room, Castiel’s keen attention to Dean’s behavior instantly ignited suspicion. Thankfully, John’s piqued interest in the other man’s most recent client being no other than Ellen fueled the conversation. But those blue eyes still rested on green ones constantly and he was quite aware of the scrutiny.
"And…Ben?" Dean's voice cracked. He couldn't believe it. He really couldn't believe that Cas had been keeping tabs on two people who had been part of Dean's past. A woman who he had been in love with, maybe during the same time that Cas had been in love with him too. And through it all, to know that Cas had to accept that Dean had wanted to live a life with someone else. To share a home with a woman who wasn't him…
He also never believed that another man could overwhelm his so much that his body ached to be touched in every single place, his pores screamed out for attention and as Castiel’s lips lingered at the nape of his neck, Dean couldn’t survive the torture anymore. It was blissful but nerve-wrecking not being able to drown in those blue eyes, so he circled around in the other man’s arms and collected Castiel inside his own embrace.
“I totally would. He’s gorgeous and he smells fucking amazing. Plus he’s packing and I bet that he’s got a sexy ass too.”
"What things?" Sam tried.
And even before he could comply, Castiel was transported into the depths of a place that at first was so shadowed, he couldn't determine where they were. Until the white lights flickered briefly and he found himself in corridor A of souls reveling in their idea of happiness behind closed doors.
“Would you look at the time,” Castiel heard a series of soft knocks on his door and stared at it. “I have to go and find something for lunch.”
From the looks of it though, Dean couldn’t care less about what was being said by anyone as he leant back in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. But when he highlighted it was me instead of Ruby coming in to collect the file, immediately those green orbs gravitated towards my place by the door. And with a gaze locked on me, his countenance registered nothing but an inward struggle. It was either caused from processing the information Bill from Accounts was sharing or something else.
"Well he was kind of damn pleased at first when all of these girls kept showing up to talk to Dean," Sam explained, "but then when the parents started coming around, we packed up fast and left. Dad always called him a chick magnet after that. He hated it." Sam considered his brother with a smile. "Remember that, Dean?"
For the rest of the journey, the car's atmosphere changed significantly as the older Winchester became lost in the lyrics of every single song Cas had chosen. Every single word, and line, he tried to relate to their relationship. And although Katy Perry did find her way in the playlist, he didn't mind at all because "Unconditionally" explained how he felt completely. But then, Dean realized that his vision was being blinded by tears and reaching up quickly, he wiped them away and glanced at Cas who was curled up in the seat, obviously holding his breath.
Sam could have provided a reply if he thought it was essential at that point, but instead, he allowed the words to settle between them like a soft blanket for various reasons. The most important one was understanding that despite their quarrels, his father was always supportive in terms of family and dishing out good advice in times of need. But there used to be days when harsh words were thrown back and forth, the inability of John to understand how Sam could have been so reckless with his teenage years. Alcohol and drugs, skipping classes and although these distractions were temptations by the devil himself, end of term exams proved that nothing could dull the evident A's.
When was the last time he actually reacted that way to anyone in particular? Possibly over five years since Jo and Lisa and even they couldn't compel his body to strain so hard and come to a release so quickly. All of it happened in less than half an hour, which surprised Dean so much, that he feared opening the door. He feared walking out there and wondering what would happen next, if he would become so hard again and have to disappear into his room. But after going into the hallway again, he found Castiel leaning onto the wall and immediately the older man stood up, utter worry inside those blue eyes that widened.
him. What you waiting for? Snow to show up and put a chill on things? None of us ain’t getting younger. He sure ain’t.”
be you."
“I’m not going to waste precious time looking at videos that are doctored by mind-controlling freaks.”
"Dean, you are young and beautiful and deserve the world—"
“You know,” Castiel’s voice grew smaller as his cheeks flushed. “Sticking things inside of…things. They never taught us that in biology or how sex works in school. But human instinct kicks in when pleasure is mostly desired. And I’m assuming that sex involving two men is as orgasmic as the alternative.”
His heart was hammering away, wondering if Dean was indeed home, and back early from his trip because for some odd reason, Castiel felt his presence in the castle but disregarded it as the owner’s essence captured in every room. And he was entirely nervous when he stood bravely in the doorway and cast his eyes inside.
“Then what—” when Dean’s vision was suddenly obscured by someone planting their gloved palms upon his eyes, he gasped.
By the time Castiel pushed through the door and walked into his mother thrashing the living room, miserably crying and angry, the rest of his evening was spent trying to soothe her. Then after compiling a turkey sandwich from whatever was in the fridge because he couldn’t stomach nuggets or fries anymore, he retreated to his room. From there, Castiel collected Thimble, his soft white cat from the bed and deposited her on the window seat. And after plopping onto the soft blankets, he tugged out his phone.
When Dean shoved him hard in his chest, Castiel was miraculously saved from falling back into the fountain by Charlie’s firm grasp around his waist. But the blow wasn’t too traumatic, almost a playful one that was delivered with a forced scowl on the senior’s part as he stepped back. And throwing one more glance at Castiel after walking away, Dean quickly offered an apologetic look before joining his chums who clapped him on the back.
Dean took a hold of his cock and whilst running his fingers slowly through Castiel’s hair, he brushed the tip onto those perfectly parted lips. Immediately though, Castiel was so fueled by frustration that he moved in and took most of what he could in inches into his mouth. And after tasting Dean on his tongue for the first time, Castiel was too breathless to even focus.
He watched his brother's face fall, literally losing all belief in himself at that critical point. And it was like looking at a flower lose its petals one by one. Withering away slowly. Whatever was eating at Dean couldn't be something simple. It wasn't just about losing their mother. That much Sam was certain of at this point. Most of the pain in Dean's green eyes centered around Cas. And the more Sam thought about it, he kept seeing the three of them in the house. He kept observing Dean's painful attempt to avoid making eye contact with the angel.
“Hi,” Dean came forward to greet him. “How was the drive over?”
Now, when Charlie returned to the room, Dean found the young woman’s cheerful presence to be more enlightening than ever before. Ellen on the other hand, soothed his fever away as best as she could and left to retrieve some medication from the cabinet downstairs.
“You’re freaking awesome. If Dean doesn’t marry you, I will. I swear.” And yanking the container from inside the bag, Sam collected a plastic fork, then settled in front of the television.
“Same one,” Sam nodded, a dull blush creeping across his face. “Well let’s just say that she lives right here in Lebanon and we’ve been talking. A lot. But…just talking. It’s nice to have someone to talk to about the job. She reminds me of Eileen.”
After all, which Jane Austen fan wouldn’t want to live such a life?
“Bruh, he
Bingo.
Later, my bruh pulls a disappearing act on me. I’m looking for him to ask about his take on what Chuck said about so many alternate universes existing, and Dean is nowhere to be found in the bunker. I get so angry after calling and he doesn’t pick up, that I grab a beer and sit by the Map Table waiting on him to show.
“No way!” Ruby groaned. “I’ve been aching to talk to you for so long. Now that Dean’s got you all to himself, there’s no room for your best friend. Do you even remember me at all?”
“Told you it was a bad idea. Look at him,” Meg gestured at Castiel neatly and angrily tucking himself inside the pink Miata. “He’s like a kid. That’s been bitten. By a dog. And the dog owns this castle.”
Dean pulled out his phone and opened WhatsApp, and when he read the last messages over and over again, tears burned his eyes.
“A woman’s body is beautiful and should be appreciated,” Castiel said softly, rereading his last paragraph, “but although I
“On Miss Percy’s dress too,” Anna giggled. “But she wasn’t upset. She thought that when it did, it really deserved an A. I think I’ll have to do a show and tell at the Science Fair.”
“Well,” she shifted on her chair and slowly ticked the correct spellings of words on one of the kid’s paper, “my mom used to read it to me when I was a kid, like at first I hated it but then I started to like it a lot.”
“But you told me that you’re scared, remember?”
It was the sudden need to escape from view and wander below the warm water that caused Dean to turn around slowly as his heart beat wildly in his chest. And after determining that Castiel was toying with his mind, evidently trying to heighten his adrenaline levels from creating a sense of panic, Dean tried to take slow breaths because he wished not to slip into the deeper part of the pool.
He couldn’t even focus on that afternoon’s class pertaining to Chinese Traditions and Beliefs because the anxious feeling of walking around town and wondering if everyone highlighted him as
"It's getting late. Do you want us to walk out now?" Dean tried although his chest ached and he felt like thus far, they weren't able to spend enough time talking to each other. "I could walk you over to your door…"
“Shit,” fumbling for the blanket, Dean bunched it around his waist and immediately discovered that in addition to waking up severely aroused, the rest of his body ached like he had been run over by a freight train. “Son of a bitch,” he turned on his back and stared up at the ceiling. “What the fuck.”
by Elvis Presley, Dean couldn’t contain himself. He stood there whilst everyone marveled over Castiel’s skillful hand, and his heart melted.
Afterwards, they simply held each other, Castiel still buried inside of Dean and the thunderstorm raging outside. And it was the most tragic feeling of never wanting to break that connection between them, of never wanting to pry themselves apart because when they were so intimate with each other, it was as close to reaching for a bolt of lightning and literally feeling like your entire body curled into the moment, never close to dying but almost like you were unbecoming, leaving behind the hurt and pain and welcoming the change into bliss.
Slowly, and groaning, Cas rose up from his chair, shoulders slumped, and he sent Sam a wary look. "Fine. I might have fallen in love with him, yes. But you were always the one I emptied my feelings onto. So…" spreading out his arms, Cas willed his wings to appear. And when they did, the look on Sam's face could have won him an Oscar.
After walking like a zombie into the kitchen, he washed up his bowl and then returned to the living room. From there, it ached Dean so much to leave the words hanging between them so he gestured towards the washroom, mouthing a name that Sam understood all too well what the intentions were.
said.” He pointed accusingly at Castiel. “And every step of the way, you made me feel like I’m an option. Do you think that I was so drunk that night I wouldn’t remember our conversation?”
"I'm running a little late, as I would have liked to be there by six. My clients, it seem," Castiel's voice was very light and his speech quickened from becoming tangled by his soft feelings for Dean, "are very much determined to have a few drinks before leaving so I'm going to be there in an hour. And I have a proposal for you. Would you like to spend tomorrow night with me over here? Can you think about it? I'll be very much open to your refusal if so be the case."
Dean frowned. "What, is something wrong with them?"
"Hush," Dean wrapped his fingers gently around the other man's wrist and sent him a soft look. "I've seen you naked, okay? There's nothing you could say at this point that would make me feel any less attracted to you. Because I'm already fully there."
“Ditto.” Dean followed and winked when blue eyes gazed back at him from the hallway. “By the way, where the hell is Claire?”
“Look, I get that you’re angry all the time,” Sam never gave up easily. He lowered himself onto a chair nearby and searched his brother’s face. “I get that…certain
Dean smiled back warmly until the last two gifts left to unwrap belonged to someone who wasn't with them to share the best kind of moments. Now, he had no choice but to face the elephant in the room.
"Morning, darling," Dean's groggy voice greeted him a little while after as soft footsteps padded upon the floor.
Whilst standing around a table with twelve women and packing groceries neatly into straw baskets, Charlie suddenly wondered if she was much more suited as a teacher who would receive a small income as opposed to tending to the kids in the orphanage. Of course, if she decided to pursue such a career, then in her spare time she could still volunteer at Saint Anne’s. But what she needed more than ever at her age was the income because the sisters could only spare so much, and to deplete their budget; it was already a burden.
Castiel shrugged. "The very presence of such an institution in the world is beyond amazing."
But he could never anticipate what it would feel like. Not when Castiel’s caress felt like heaven, felt like something he spent years craving for. The void inside of his heart filled up with so much warmth and because he was suddenly aware of what that emptiness was lacking, he couldn’t deny it. Not when the two of them continued to cry and his tears were slowly brushed away and just when he thought that everything, all of it would be expelled in a hug, so much more happened.
The little encounter did not spare Dean’s eyes though, who was nudged by his brother to consider the unfolding of what seemed like a rather intense moment. Castiel’s face was flushed by the end of the conversation, his fists clenching, shoulders rising to suggest that he was ruffled and Claire was not backing down. In that moment more than ever, the two of them matched each other to any onlooker being father and daughter in their disposition and countenance. And because Dean felt deep within his gut that their relationship was strained in more ways than one for a long time now, he was determined to fix it.
Dean was staring, wondering what brought on the change. And maybe he was being selfish for wishing that his brother would not intervene in his life.
should be the one handling those. Not you. Secondly, you’re twenty-three and don’t drink?” her green yes grew wider. “Dude, you’re missing out. I take shots like it’s the last night of my life with Dorothy every Friday. If you change your mind, stop by The Black Cat on fifth. Night!”
"I wouldn't want to touch that with a five feet pole," Charlie shuddered and then she cast her stare on the older brother. "Why the constipated look?"
Green eyes mellowed and he sighed, gazing at the trees in the distance and envisioning so many living things between them that may be threatening and also comforting. In many ways he felt the same about their relationship at that point, that the smallest things could become threatening or also comforting.
"I like when you hold me like this," Cas said in his low, gravelly voice. "Like if I'm the only precious thing in the world you love."
"A baby's elixir is milk and since my namesake doesn't breastfeed, he pretty much sucks up this stuff," the younger man plucked a packet of powdered milk then two more before tossing them into the cart. "Not bad considering that he takes like two bottles per day, lukewarm at eight in the morning and eight in the night."
“Do you love her?” Castiel asked after a while, as they were both catching their breaths from laughing hysterically.
“Would never!” the young woman gasped dramatically and concealed half her face behind pink mittens.
"Seems like you work until closing time here, huh?"
"Hey, I love you, okay?" Sam tucked his gift under his right arm, untangled himself, stood up and slowly approached his brother. Wrapping his arms around Dean's form, Sam hugged him tightly. "You're the best big bro. Merry Christmas."
I dragged my feet into the apartment, tossed my keys on the table and slipped my bag off. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
The first one being that he needed to be certain that this was what he most desired and would like the rest of his life to encompass. Without a doubt such a thing was promising, but there were other aspects of the union that created quite a feeling of anxiousness.
"Dad, don't start," Dean rolled his eyes and sighed because the teasing would never become a thing of the past, and since there
Three months. Ninety-nine days. Spent silently inside the castle walls that felt like a prison. Crying into his pillows and drinking heavily for one of those months, then overusing his painkillers and suffering from the lapses in his medication because most days, he just really and truly lost track of time.
Charlie was out and proud for sure, but I hadn’t the faintest idea what my sexuality entailed after what happened on Friday. All weekend, I spent pondering on the confusing evening spent with my boss. The small gestures and affectionate names. The way I melted when our fingers brushed or when he squeezed my shoulder. The lingering moment by the door when he just couldn’t stop looking into my eyes. Trying to disarm me, for whatever reason. I still wasn’t sure but knew for certain by then that it couldn’t be flirting. All of it was an honest attempt to entertain company just to kill the pain after a divorce and he was as high as a kite, wasn’t he?
to secrecy.”
“It’s my laugh,” Ruby hissed back at the cat from across the room. “She loves you. She doesn’t even like Cas’ brothers; Gabe and Michael. I’ve never seen her like that with anyone else.”
"Why does everyone around here think that I have not had sex in a while?" Castiel frowned, clicking his pen and leaving it poised above the yellow notepad.
They drove in silence for almost fifteen minutes.
His brothers came up with the idea of referring to his bipolar disorder as a result from not being able to use his magic. Meaning that because he was suppressing his powers, he suffered from terrible ups and downs. And it could have stemmed from their mother trying her best to get her sons to understand what was happening to their brother. But he never found out if she was behind it.
“…so naturally, the first thing that came to mind was switching to Samsung,” Dean sighed from the front seat of the car, “but then you know how that goes.” The chocolate color of his sunglasses became richer from the sun’s rays.
"Because what, Dean?" Castiel leaned in, brushed his lips onto Dean's ear and smiled. "Because I'm all that you want and I keep you
“Well I’ll be damned. Three sons in a row?” he was literally buzzing with excitement as if this was the best news ever. “Dad’s going to call a rainbow party! Yay!”
Dean's heart warmed from the invitation but he shook his head. "You want my dad to start talking about us rolling around up there under his own roof? I don't think so."
“You know, it’s funny that you’d think that,” Dean laughed, licking icing from his thumb, “I used to think the same thing about him when I was a kid, especially when my mom kept telling me and Sammy that angels were watching over us. I mean, he was right there with the bluest eyes that always look so damn…ethereal.”
"They're the ones who people vouch for in terms of oh, he's so good to me because he believes in God and he was doing whatever he did in the name of God," Sam joined in sarcastically, "or…but father was always a good man. He'd never do something like that!"
His ex-girlfriend like he mentioned to Castiel before was off limits. The two of them couldn’t possibly have anything in common; books, drawn to nature, an obsession over honey and bees, and an absolute distaste towards drinking which Jo reveled in. Added to that, Castiel was a man of habitat and Jo loved to travel, seek out new places which was the sole reason why she migrated to Canada to study. And because there was nothing in common to dwell on, he thought the manner in which she spoke of Castiel rather strange.
The air was filled with the heavy smell of faeces, mold and smoke. The cobblestones were long gone and the road was awfully muddy from the rain. He knew exactly where he needed to go. Whitechapel was a filthy place, but he was filthy too, so.. it fitted so well in his mind that he belonged there. He stepped around the puddles and turned right into a dark, small alley, and knocked on a small wooden door at the end of it.
They had finally gotten the guts to admit how in love they were with each other. About damn time too since the first time she saw them two of them together, the sparks flew everywhere. Even Sam knew. Jody might have been a little late to the party but she picked up on it after a while. But Alex never believed her when she mentioned it. Then again, Alex was as straight as an arrow and as naïve as ever.
you working on a song for Cas though?”
"It just don't feel right this time," Dean turned away. And then, without second thinking it, he hopped onto the trunk of the Impala. Legs parted, he planted his elbows on both thighs and those tired hands etched with lines from years of fighting balled into fists.
"I think…" Ruby said loudly, despising the escalation of the conversation, "that we should all calm down and think this through carefully. Give me a moment," she winked at Billy, strode towards Cas and tugged him away.
But Dean’s lack of responses terribly worried Castiel in the days to follow because the paranoia just wouldn’t evaporate.
"Then you should get one," rinsing the cup and turning it over on the green plastic rack, the younger man tidied up with a dry towel, avoiding eye contact. "There's no such thing as too many pets. I can remember a couple years back you had six rabbits."
Dean rolled off of him, heavy and with a painful groan and in that moment, the other man realized that maybe he had made the biggest mistake ever. Maybe he wasn’t ready to do any of this. To jump into a relationship because he obviously had no idea how sex worked. He didn’t understand foreplay and maybe he should have allowed Dean to continue because now, Dean remained on his back and he was staring up at the ceiling as if the world had frozen over.
Sighing, he hugged himself and appeared like a petulant child. But he didn't really care. Not anymore. Not when the world seemed duller and he felt like he was living in a black and white tragedy.
“…in space?”
“I’m so sorry,” he pried easily, after remembering Castiel’s mindful words that night that seemed like many years ago before he was suddenly swept off his feet and drowning in quick sand. “She sounds like a really cool woman who I could have conversations with about books.”
"You cold?" Dean noticed eventually.
"Dean—"
Rowena was visibly astonished and displayed nothing but wild happiness. “Castiel!” she embraced him into a tight hug, “it is so nice to finally meet you! I’m glad that you’re back.” She leaned in close to his ear. “Does Dean know you’re here?”
"Cas is peachy," Ruby grabbed his arm and smiled at Billy who in turn was trying to tear his eyes away from the very unusual man hiding behind a rather large pair of sunglasses. "Is there anything else we can do for you? Maybe you can give me your number?"
“Hanna just left,” Dean said softly, drowning into the slow massage he received that gradually curled his toes but he was still feeling entirely prickly because of his inability to understand his worth. ”She told me in summary that I'm lucky to have you and that I should never let you go."
“But I’m his best friend,” Dean said frowning at her because it was always necessary to believe that he was worthy enough to deserve the truth from the people close to him. “Isn’t that beside the point?”
"No, he hasn't," Cas offered Mala a sympathetic look after she seemed wounded by the older Winchester's disapproval. "Thank you. You're so thoughtful," and he collected the paper bag. "I'll be right back." And leaving the War Room, he made his way into the kitchen.
Sam was sweating and nervous and surrounded by a group of Indian women dressed in very colorful saris.
"So," Sam cleared his throat, moving his beer bottle around in a small circle, "he's become her puppet."
Dean's chest heaved. "I've stopped blaming you for that."
"Charlie, I can't…" Dean's throat closed up and his lungs constricted because of the simple request that felt so ridiculous at that moment. And if he even attempted to do such a thing, then wouldn't it come across as too forward? "We've only just started out, you know?"
But in everything Castiel did, he kept trying to look for Dean.
"How?" Cas smiled a little and he ruffled the other man's hair. "Why do I get a free pass and Mala doesn't?"
"Yours had a badly embroidered moose on the front," Dean remembered. Resting down his coffee, he swallowed and tried to savor the bitter taste. "Mine had a squirrel munching on nuts and Ca—" quickly his eyes filled with tears.
“It might have come across as creepy,” Castiel smiled. “What you could have done was quote Austen to me and then show me your library right afterwards. Honestly, we would be fucking right there on the floor in Northampton without conversation.”
"Just like Cas…death isn't final for him because we'll get him back. We'll help him find his way back to us."
Dean rolled over and stared at the door whilst his heart hammered away inside of his chest. What was this? An interrogation? But to what ends? What was his father privy to that he clearly wasn't aware of?
"It's shameful!" she covered her face after reciting the childish poem they concocted many years prior. "God, it's so embarrassing. Stop."
"Love sucks," Amanda cradled her face on her palm and sighed.
"I'm never going to ever let you go," Castiel croaked, tears squeezing through his closed eyelids. He entwined their gloved hands and tightened the grasp before snaking an arm around the other man's waist under his jacket. "I promise to love you until I can't breathe anymore and when I'm gone, I'm going to love you even when I'm in Heaven and we meet in another life—"
"Hope she's talking about the
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean said softly, curling his fingers inside tousled hair. “I love you…darling.”
“Not cool!” Dean scolded, pointing his finger accusingly as he drifted backwards and reached for his own pair. “Badly done, Cas! Although I can’t complain about the view. I really can’t complain at all considering that your entire body is sexy and delectable.”
He had found his other half. People used to tease him about finding love someday. About meeting someone who would change his world and whose world he would change also. But he never in his wildest dreams imagined that he would be holding Cas in his arms, a breathless Cas after they had once again made love to each other. And there were so many ways to make love to a man, Dean couldn’t believe he had never thought about these things.
In actuality, Castiel’s lack of communication on any platform shouldn’t have heightened any suspicions for the older man never used those mediums prior. So, naturally the conversation would be most suited face to face according to traditional customs as ascertained by a careful understanding of his friend’s character.
"Okay, so can you sense where he is?" Sam hated that he was asking the impossible. Or what seemed like it.
be a tragedy by stumbling on the words to describe exactly what was happening to him?
"Sam, I'm sorry. But I can't do this anymore," Cas had grown silent. Then, "I'm barely alive right now. Dean…" And then the call had ended.
"Are you referring to a good romping around with Cas or…" after Sam received a wild glare from his brother, he offered a shrug upon his lips and decided that the answer was clear. "Don't worry. When you recuperate, everything will be back to normal. Where is Cas?"
"Don't we all?" Castiel frowned.
"Good, now since we're on the topic of seeing each other naked in public places," grinning, the hunter resumed eating what remained of his taco, "I was going through my stuff and I came across one of Sammy's Christmas gifts. Guess what it was."
“He asked you to dance at the Ball, right? Darcy asked Lizzie and she turned him down. Not forgetting that Dean lives in the same place Darcy lived in—”
Dean didn’t believe that the matter would be escalated to include anyone else. At that point, he was convinced that it was all a misunderstanding and his mind was conjuring up ways to create paranoid situations to increase his anxiety.
"Slow down…"
It was the most beautiful thing anyone had ever done; to serenade him with a song.
"I know. It's just…"
"Oh my love…" Cas' voice was so soft, he brushed his cupped fingers over the wounds obviously made by a knife.
“Oh. My. God.”
And he was oh so right.
"I thought I would too but with the help of someone…" that small, stiff smile whilst his chest was exploding from anticipation, "I managed to come out…in a manner of speaking…once again."
The roast chicken was exceptional, as was every other dish displayed in the finest ceramic bowls; steamed greens, and rice. But through it all, sitting across from Dean, he kept batting around the questions inside of his head. And eventually when their plates were cleared away and the room illuminated from the yellow glow of lamps on the walls, Castiel thought that he needed to entertain the discussion. But all hopes of having that conversation drifted away for the time being.
“That was highly unprofessional of you, Castiel,” he whispered, his hot breath kissing the other man’s ear. “I really and truly have to punish you now.”
Dean wrapped Castiel into his arms and kissed him until the two of them were breathless and after pulling away, their minds dizzied. The air between them was nothing but bitter and cold but warm and fuzzy.
"Not bad at all," Castiel gave into his curiosity regardless of the doubts and gently pried open the flap. He pulled out a small off-white card. "Handwritten too. What sorcery is this?"
“Like,
Still beautiful to Castiel though. “Sweet dreams…I love you.”
From the time I knock on the door, there are hushed voices and something clatters onto the floor. Then fumbling and the door is unlocked. And there stands my brother flushed in the face, shirt buttoned halfway and his hair is sticking out in all directions.
“I mean, it’s like Mary, unlike Marlene, kept trying to fit the ball inside the square and no matter how many times I explained to her why it wouldn’t work,” Sam said chuckling and chewing on some pie, “she still kept doing it. Pissed Jess off.”
"I'm a complicated man," Dean shrugged and toed off his boots.
Five minutes later and pushing a full trolley down the lane stacked with meats, the first thing that caught his attention was the discount on sausages. He thought, guiltily of course, that the one person who would have highlighted such an amazing deal would have been the very same one who fled the scene. Now, left to his own convictions that they would no longer ever exchange words, Dean plucked out three packets and rested them in the confinements of his trolley.
today, actually.”
Dean glanced away and hated that he couldn't talk about it easily. "I mean, I don't even know what to expect in terms of…you know. And it scares me because he's so open to anything and I try to allow his behavior to be contagious, but it doesn't seem as if I'm comfortable with the idea of going…further."
"Dean," Sam raised a hand up, "not your turn to speak as yet. Hear me out. Both of you."
“Well, there’s not much I can tell you without showing you,” Dean laughed. He lightly caressed the other man’s jawline. “But since we’re taking things slow whilst I try to give us a chance to get to know each other first, I’ll let out a few hints.”
Ruby stared at him. "Duh."
as the modern folk call it. The ability to detect another gay person easily.”
Dean felt so contented in those two hours, delighted that he was involved in an affair far too confidential at that point to include even his father who ideally supported the match many years prior. John would most likely approve regardless of the time or circumstances but there was a kind of mischievous glint in Dean’s emerald eyes when he realized that the secret was too beautiful to divulge to anyone else as yet, well except for Charlie and Sam.
God, where was he?
Reaching for the music player, Cas turned it off and settled back into his seat. Folding his arms, he felt so wound up and why? Because this wasn't the way love was supposed to feel. Even though he was inexperienced, he had felt better before. He had felt softer and loved and so certain of Dean and now…it was almost as if the other man was trying too hard to make him feel absolutely guilty for leaving.
"That's fear. Because you haven't done this before, have ya?" Donna offered a soft look.
“So Dean,” Claire came over eventually and squeezed herself between Charlie and her older friend after Donna left for work and Jody retreated to check on the laundry. The smile on the teenager’s face was glorified by an enthusiasm that couldn’t possibly die away. “Tell me the truth without the adults around. You know, about Castiel.”
and it's not ludicrous. Dean, come on!" His brother had turned on his heels and was taking long strides, away from the taller Winchester. "Nothing's wrong with meeting someone you like. I don't think you've ever liked anyone enough to look for them in a crowd and then get totally depressed when they're not there."
“Dean, that’s enough teasing for one afternoon. I think you should go and take a shower before dinner instead of harassing poor Cas. Go on!” she shushed him out of the room and as he left, Dean offered a long scrutiny on his friend’s character. “And get those books in order. Always have me talking to him like he’s still a kid,” she said to Castiel afterwards. “I swear, I still want to tan his hide even now because of his pride. And you encourage him too!”
"Cas, you literally made me feel like I was going into the New Year completely sad and heartbroken at least for a day or two. Not cool."
Look, from the time you chose to watch TCM movies with him on Sundays back when you were like nineteen onwards, I knew something was up with you two. I'd come downstairs and catch you sitting so close like a freaking couple, I started to wonder if you were secretly one. And lots of other things too.”
"I thought you promised that your flirting would
Dean could only stare because he could not digest the salty responses which were far too hurtful to bear. “What the hell is wrong with you? Are you really trying to pick a fight with me?”
Was he bisexual?
He kept remembering the way he dressed; sometimes in his plaids, and on special occasions, his fancy crisp shirts.
"I was only asking because Sita is long overdue to find a suitable man. And if Sam is this intelligent and handsome and sweet, then his brother would be very much more interesting." When she provided that speech, everyone else nodded.
“Badly done, Dean. I am far too displeased by your behavior. It is not admirable at all,” Castiel softly said, then he slowly turned away and began to retreat.
"Oh! Is that so?" John piped up from a little further down the line, sharing a bottle of whiskey with Bobby. "I want you to know that once you two stake those claims on each other, he's your burden. All his little quirks. One of them being that he talks in his sleep—"
"Oh, but admit that it would be fun," Sam tipped his head and offered a teasing look. "So, so much fun. Anyway, enough about Dean. Have you been able to check out most of London as yet?"
“Man, you keep misjudging me and it’s so damn unfair.” he actually shook his head. “I’m not that fucked up. Don’t listen to what those fuckers say about me at work. When it comes to running a business as the fucking CEO, I need to be tough on people. I lived my life, got bruised along the way and turned into a monster because people took too much away from me. And I can’t be judged because of that.”
“Oh, yeah,” those green eyes twinkled, “tell me about it.” Then he remembered that Castiel wouldn’t grasp the conversation. “Oh, uh, basically she’s saying that Sam has a tendency to overexaggerate and –”
“You were eavesdropping? That’s low, even for you.”
“Crappy is all I’ve got,” he said hoarsely, reaching up to roughly dab at his eyes that would not divert from my face and I wondered what he thought about when he looked at me like that. “I don’t feel levelled.”
mostly fueled by heartbreak and he experienced something that never crossed him before…
"Heavenly."
"Cas, don't think like that, man." Dean bypassed all fear of prying eyes and reached across the table, collecting those same fingers between his gloved ones, then he squeezed softly, reassuringly but those blue orbs refused to meet his own searching ones. "You're amazing to me, okay? There's nothing about you that I have a problem with. And I've always told you, I'd choose you above everyone else, man. The world of men and women out there, who I'm going to meet and I'd still choose you because you're one of a kind."
The Empty sighed and turned to consider the angel who was studying Dean’s face as if he was going to see him for the last time. It was tragic really, to witness such a thing. But it was necessary.
"I lost my phone," Cas said in a voice that was not his own. He blinked slowly up at Sam. "And I've heard your prayers. I just…couldn't come before. But I'm here now."
,” Dean jerked his chin at the Winchester’s rooftop visible below the hill, “Ellen, Sam, dad, I can get any girl I want but you’re right, I just don’t find the chase so appealing anymore.”
"Hi," Dean said lightly, with a cautious countenance.
He boldly pressed soft kisses onto the other man's neck when Dean tilted his chin upwards, and those emerald eyes fluttered close. Cas wanted to shelter him. To prove to him that what they were, was beyond anything physical. Was beyond their imaginations. And maybe if they just held onto each other, then nothing else would ever matter.
him. Castiel was a necessity and in his arms, Dean found the kind of balance he savored from their first meeting. And there was something about the other man that was so damn mysterious, almost as if Castiel was hiding a wealth of mysteries gathered from reading behind his gaze that unshackled him.
He would probably retrace his steps, trailing after Dean, then winding up by a window that captured the most hurtful conversation they ever entertained and when the anxiety attack would kick in, Castiel would have to run. Again.
The struggle ensued until coffee spilled onto the desk. It spread across an important document and both of us quickly tried to dab away the mess. The damage was done already though, staring at us with blurred words; an update on last month’s financial results, an original signed by the CEO himself. And it wasn’t as if we could just print out another copy and take it in for a fresh signature. The problem was that the information was due since that morning and neither of us remembered to send it in for the review.
"You should have never told him that you wished you never met him because it isn't the truth. And why did you do it? Because you were on a rush. That's what being bipolar does to your mind. It makes your mind soar and then just like that, you're very sad again in the same moment. You could feel like you're not worth it, like you're being hated when you're not. Dean, don't cry."
“I think that he does it because he cares about you. He knows you’re studying and trying hard to get good grades so he doesn’t distract you. Maybe one day he’ll start opening up.”
“Dean, I’m so sorry,” Ruby said suddenly with saddened eyes. When he looked at her, she appeared wounded. “All the time I kept hating you because of what Cas was going through. But you’ve never had it easy. All the years of living in your own nightmare. Does it get like…really bad?”
"Maybe you should take a break because—" Dean tried to reach for his gloved hand but two obviously rude teenagers squeezed themselves through the gap between them and laughed whilst running away.
; he was very special in ways no one could ever understand, and Dean didn’t even believe that he was able to grasp the power of their friendship as much as he should have.
Charlie’s disbelief was instant as expected and she detected the simmering disapproval. “It could be that she’s trying to get back at you. And ew, you’re gorgeous but I see you as a big brother. So, I don’t understand how he gets that vibe from us. Maybe I should say something to him about it.”
The faint taste of someone’s lips and beer peppered his memory, as if a puzzle was fitting together. “Tell me that he and I didn’t…”
"And what about Ketch?" Dean asked, knitting his brows. "What the hell could make you think that I had any kind of feelings for that son of a bitch?"
“I can’t,” Dean’s tone was faint as the wind chased leaves through the surrounding trees around them.
From the moment Dean came striding down the cluster of cubicles, dressed to impress in a dark blue pinstripe tailored pants suit coupled with the same color tie, everyone ducked their heads back down. The sound of keyboards tapping filled the silence.
“If you aren’t ready, then you don’t have to,” Cas squeezed Dean’s fingers.
“Why don’t you do it?” Castiel’s gravelly voice deepened as he blinked slowly, never moving an inch. “You’re quite capable as you’ve proven earlier, so come and do me the honor of…” Dean’s footsteps were definite as he closed the distance between them and the older man’s words died away.
He didn't cry, not in that moment really but instead he kissed the older man back with such depth, that they could no longer ponder on anything else but becoming lost in each other. The taste of honey and ginger on Castiel's lips was something that curled Dean's toes until he melted into those protective arms. Until he was moaning from the hand seeking pathways under his shirt and across his chest. Until he was raking his fingertips through disheveled hair and tilting Castiel's face upwards so that he could graze his teeth across that perfect arch of the older man's neck. And even then when the snow fell lightly onto the world, covering the moor in another blanket, Dean performed the role of the seducer, almost as if he was trying erase all the doubts from Castiel's mind, trying to claim him all over again and succeeding throughout his progression.
Collecting his phone, he opened WhatsApp with trembling hands and he searched for the name that caused his heart to painfully squeeze from a feeling that he could not decipher, no matter how hard he tried to. The small display photo still remained the same; the two of them squeezed together inside the Impala with Dean's eyes immensely green and Castiel's own light blue like the sky. And after opening the chat window, his thumbs hovered over the keyboard until he simply started with four words.
"I'm leaving in less than a month," he finally found himself saying robotically whilst Dean stared at him. "I have a life in another country. You know this. A job. I've built my life from the ground up and I don't intend to leave it all behind so suddenly. I need time. This is all happening so…fast. And I can't just take a leap without at least thinking this through—"
blowjob?”
“Then does that still bother you, Dean?” Cas asked as his milk shake lost its coldness. Blue eyes searched emerald ones. “That I am a man physically? Is it a struggle for you when we’re intimate?”
When he finally pelted himself over the edge as waves of pleasure coursed through his entire body, Dean cried out hoarsely and had to quickly muffle the embarrassing sounds by biting his arms. The feeling of release wasn't relieving but still tinged with pain. Of letting go over and over again until he was so weak and really felt like he could collapse on the tiled floors. And even though they were perhaps two feet apart, Cas' feet were rooted to the soft blue mat by the sink.
“Yes,” Castiel nodded, hands behind his back. “And was she your age or your chum, I would have allowed you some liberties. But she’s not. Dean. She’s not your equal and therefore you disappointed by being disrespectful to a woman who holds a high position in society as the Sheriff and deserves much more credit from you. She should attract your compassion, not your contempt!
“Well, we want to surprise him. It’s kind of like our way of saying that we officially support the two of you being together.”
It wasn't the time or place for that sort of outburst since they were working on an article about the Royal Wedding. Mind you, a wedding that seemed to pull Castiel's head under water more and more as he kept latching onto whatever he was feeling for the Prince. The kind of fearful but fleeting feeling of not knowing what would happen but guiltily desiring it anyway.
"So, I'm kind of nervous," he said when the truck was back in the Winchester back yard and the tarp lying in a neat pile in the tray. "Well not kind of but
Making a stop at a gas station with the excuse of using the washroom worked just fine enough for Sam. He left Dean in the car staring up at the ceiling and wandered to the rear of the building. And in the still of the night as the moon gazed down at him hopefully, Sam searched the sky for a star that could ridiculously be Castiel.
"Sam," Dean's face contorted from an inner pain that originated from his heart, "stop."
Castiel sighed because he could think those things but he couldn’t say it. “I wanted to hear your voice,” he said softly. “I wanted to know that you’re okay and nothing happened to you.”
"Hanna really did a number on you, didn't she?" Michael shook his head. He studied the glass wall on the northern side of his brother's apartment and couldn't detect a smudge of any kind. "You clearly haven't been romantically involved with anyone for almost ten years now whilst she's been frisking around with a man who looks like Kermit the frog."
Dean woke up to the feeling of being entirely paralyzed until he realized that his entire body was still wrapped between the blanket. But even before he could unwrap himself, he really and truly melted after casting his gaze on Castiel sleeping soundly on the other side of the bed. The distance between them was close to twelve inches. He had actually estimated that much. And every single inch hurt him so deeply.
But with Castiel he felt compelled to at least try to make the effort of introducing the topic.
“Hey. All you’ll need is your laptop and phone,” he said quietly, completely avoiding making eye contact with me but checking his own mobile. “The driver’s downstairs already.”
Within half an hour though, Sam suddenly came through the doorway balancing a cake in the shape of a guitar as he sang 'Happy Birthday'.
“Who?” Ruby pulled off her leather jacket and went to sit next to Castiel.
Making love to Dean was like holding the most precious thing in his life, in his arms, and knowing for certain that nothing else mattered. Nothing else could compare to the feel of Dean's taunt muscles in his arms. Or the muscles rippling beneath the soft skin on his back. Or the way his chest heaved uncontrollably when they kissed deeply and Cas touched his nipples. When Cas slipped his hand between the hunter's legs, and took Dean, already hard and hot between his fingers, he felt how their chemistry soared.
Pressing his forehead against the soft yellow tiled walls, Dean squeezed tears from between his eyelids. It had been a damn long time since he had been in this kind of dilemma. Since he had craved someone so much that the very thought of them drove him to this uncontrollable state. And now, he stood there feeling awful all over again as the water showered like rain onto his back and willing every ounce of energy from within, Dean began to slowly jerk himself off.
Staring and boring holes into the older man's character, Dean rolled his eyes and literally felt an earthquake opening up a large crack inside of his chest.
“The very same. And stop entertaining thoughts of me being delectable. You wouldn’t be able to conceal your arousal inside that pair of pants,” Castiel sighed. “Heaven knows why you chose to tailor it so precise in measurements.”
Laughter followed obviously, because everyone by then was completely aware of the abuse of power by the two managers. They always felt it necessary to burden the rest of the staff. Apparently, none of the two were really liked, judging from the high fives and nods at Dean. He kept the scowl on his face and strode towards his door. But whilst passing my desk, his fingers tapped lightly on the surface before moving past us. From there, he entered the office and the door closed without another word.
Within the week of Jack's return, he had tackled more than his share of hunts. And in each and every instance, the threat to the community was higher. Had he not done exactly what was required of him, then whatever the monsters had been planning would have ended the lives of more than enough civilians. And although Dean seemed to be quite intrigued by the plot revealed by Jack, he was still far from focused.
“Goddammit, Dean!” Snatching up the other man’s left hand, Castiel planted Dean’s cupped fingers onto the bulge in his jeans and from there, both of them lost any kind of control.
When his hand was taken and he was tugged into the younger man’s bedroom, he kept their fingers entwined as Dean gazed longingly at him. There were no speeches, nothing said out loud between the two of them but the undying desire growing and chasing away the cold that seeped into the room.
“Look,” Ruby sighed and softened, moving around the books slowly into a box, “I’m so sorry, okay? I didn’t mean that, and sure I’m being selfish but maybe all I want is to see you happy and at this point, I totally support you going back to London to try to be with Dean. But suppose it doesn’t work out, Cas? Suppose he just moved on and you’re stuck way behind?”
Shyly, Cas lowered his blue eyes and sighed. "That night, the reason why I was so tense and against the idea of frequenting such a modest brothel is because…well I didn't want to get laid by anyone else…. but you. And—"
“I hate you,” he said to Ruby first, scowling at her saddened puppy look that was mocking. “And you too,” he pointed at Meg who was always a ray of sunshine. “I hate both of you for bringing me here. I’ll wait in the car.”
By then, Dean was consumed with fear, remembering the one tragic moment in the lake many years ago when his toes slipped on smooth rocks and the currents tugged him into the deep middle. From there, he instantly sunk to the bottom of the lake until Castiel barely managed to capture him around the waist. And that was exactly what occurred after the water swallowed him whole in the pool’s depths.
“I don’t want to hunt, ever again,” Dean whined suddenly. Lifting his eyes to the ceiling, he sighed. “Can we just live normal lives now?”
See how I'm spoiling you amazing readers? Two chapters every weekend. What else do you want? I love you guys so much, I want you to send me your thoughts and I'll respond to all.
Dean sauntered into the gardens, seemed distracted throughout the ceremony and couldn't even offer any polite conversation to the other guests who tried to engage him in current affairs. Instead, he secluded himself by a table covered in delicacies and after stuffing his face with pastries, the Prince stared off into the distance, as if searching for someone in the group of reporters.
"You did your thing…" Cas was trying hard to bite in his grin. "Is that what Dean Winchester calls it? The act of having sex with me is you
"Look, I was just showing him around. Stop overreacting." The two of them squared their shoulders but never quite reaching the breaking point consisting of tremendous anger.
us," Castiel's voice cracked more and he fisted his hands then stared at them, "and wake us up by throwing hot water on our beds if we only overslept."
Castiel drifted to a small cozy space on the eastern side, just near a large window that contained a comfortable looking armchair covered in red velvet. “I take them up to my room and snuggle under my blanket. Alone. But then you know what that feels like.”
"I'm acting the way you would like me to, since you are an adult now," Castiel said with a shrug, "very accepting of whatever you wish to do. Isn't that an admirable quality?"
"See, that's why I was never against it to begin with," the older man provided, gathering the heavy coats around him, "knew you weren't doing this just for any simple reason and after knowing you for years, Cas, I've seen the passion and loyalty you've got when there's something or someone you allow inside of your damn heart. So, now that you've got my son, I'll have to say thank God for that and good luck with putting up with him. His obsession over baking, his habit of leaving around the damn sink wet after he washes up the plates, never gets fixing the bed right. Plus he'll drain your damn water tank just because he leaves the pipe dripping cause his hand ain't heavy. Good luck."
"No, the fact that you choose me, when there are a million other options out there—"
"No, you go first since you seem to have a problem with me."
Cas doesn't want you because he's slowly realizing what's wrong with you. He's seen the damage and he's trying to distance himself. He doesn't want to take care of a wounded soldier who has no hope. A wounded soul who has no meaning.
"Yeah, but I just need you to keep reminding me because I don't believe I deserve an ounce of your damn love." His tone was a little too harsh and when he realized it, Dean settled onto the chair and an iceberg centered inside of his chest. "I’m not nothing special, Cas."
“Yes, so what happens is,” she adjusted her position on the chair to face him, hands animated, “in a prior life, your soul and Dean’s soul, regardless of which body you inhibited, met, fell in love and were perhaps together for a long time. Now after dying, those two souls came back down on earth, and have found each other again. It sounds really ridiculous, but there are plenty of stories that prove that someone has suffered déjà vu and wondered why.”
"Listen to yourself, man!" Dean fired back and could feel the flames crackling inside his chest. "Jesus Christ, Cas, this is bullshit with the way you're behaving right now because none of this crap even makes sense. None of this fits well at all because I just feel as if you're trying to convince me that I'm supposed to think we don't have a good thing going on between us. I feel like you
“I just don’t want to talk right now,” Dean rolled over on his side and faced the back of the seat, the smooth leather soft to the touch but cold and uncomfortable against his forehead. “Plugging up my ears. Don’t bother me until we get there.”
"You know what," Castiel hated that his voice was wavering from being deeply affected by undeserving emotions. "You couldn't be more wrong about me being the
"Lemme guess,
“It doesn’t seem like you’re good about any of this,” she said softly after pulling out a deck of cards, of course designed in pink with floral patterns. “Do you want to talk about it?”
"Dean, I'm just being realistic—"
there, possibly behind another plane of existence but always there following him and because Dean understood what the term meant now, he savored it. Sinking down next to the Impala and crying from frustration, from wondering how he was going to tear away the barrier separating them to pull the man he loved out, he felt lost without him. And if he could have only known that the same scene was mirrored in the Empty, Castiel sinking to his knees and crying, raking his fingers through his hair and wishing that they could have had something, but never believing that he thought it was deserving.
If he met him, what on earth would he say to the Prince Regent?
believing that he’s lucky enough to have you for the long haul. He thinks that you’re just doing this to make him feel happy and maybe it’s a phase.”
"Oh, dear God," Sam groaned, and his brother could already envision his lanky sibling kneading knuckles into his eyes and trying to burn away the vision. "I can just imagine what all the pent up sexual tension is leading to. But you should come up for air once and awhile. Screwing each other's brains out might not be so good in the long run."
“Are you ready to go, my love?” he asked suddenly, reaching down and entwining Dean’s fingers with his gloved ones. “We mustn’t waste such a lovely Sunday that we simply
“I had other obligations.”
He’s the kind of guy that has a deep, measured tone of voice and speaks through the phone meaning business alone, minimal chit chat. And he has to smell fantastic if his office does because even when he’s not there, the space reeks of Irish Spring and bergamot.
I’m like so okay, all cool, nothing weird about it although it sounds totally freaky that Cass got upset about going to Dean’s room and not finding him there. When he obviously knows that Dean takes off at weird hours to hit clubs, bars, women (which he hasn’t done in a long time) and burger joints. He’s obviously upset because after all these years, because he tattooed our ribs, all angels, himself included can’t find us.
Cas collected the other man’s face between his hands and smiled sweetly. “Sure, because those items wouldn’t be used on me. You’ll be buying them to aid me in conducting some extensive foreplay on you.”
Dean stood there for a span of two seconds before his feet willed themselves to move, and lips trembling, he rushed forward in a swoop which resembled a rush of a wave eager to quench the thirst of the shore.
“Shit,” the Prince folded into Castiel, squeezing his shoulders whilst their lips danced closer. “I’ve…dreamt what that would feel like…a thousand times.”
"Keep talking like that and I'll start taking off your clothes," Dean teased as he leaned in and captured Cas' lips into another kiss. They both smiled.
Cas literally squeezed the other man’s hand so tight, Dean had no other choice but to look at him. And when their eyes connected, he felt what writers meant when they referred to love as a language separate from any other. How through the meeting of eyes, the one you love could communicate so much without speaking, nothing else mattered… All the doubts, all the pain he felt inside slowly slipped away when Cas gazed at him. And maybe when poets spoke about very few people finding the truest kind of love, they were referring to what the two of them shared.
I leaned back in my chair and tried to take measured breaths. But honestly, I thought that if I couldn’t pull myself together, then this entire thing was going to be a big mess. It was leading
At first, the intrusion was a little too irritating because he detested surprises, but the soft scent of Old Spice drifted under his nose and immediately weakened his knees, and Dean melted like butter. He became softer and warmer than before when the older man stepped up so close behind him, and pressed their bodies together and after feeling warm breath kiss his neck, he lost composure. He couldn’t believe how easy it was to unhinge him, and because he was finally in close proximity to the very person who captured every minute of thought, he was a little too contented to conceal any kind of excitement.
The beauty was phenomenal to Castiel, he silently stood there in the midst of a dream. And he was trying to compose himself whilst Dean wandered off towards a square grey color top gazebo with thick bronze privacy curtains drawn back.
“You mean like he must have been abused so he associates the act with the trauma?” I hoped that Gabe didn’t suffer from anything like that because he had been through his fair share of abusive partners.
“We decided to go with The Cutest Couple this year,” the DJ’s voice sounded over the music, “King and Queen didn’t cut it because everybody basically wrote what they wanted to.” The song faded and then two seniors proudly climbed onto stage, bearing two gold plastic crowns on two trays. “And let me just say, Windsor seniors you are just the kind of young people we need to get out there and make a difference.”
"Sam, I'm officially mentally fucked. Right now, I'm literally trying to calm my freaking brain down. My chest?" Dean stretched out on the soft sofa and pulled a heavy blanket around him, "feels like it's thawing off from a volcanic eruption. And this is not me being willingly poetic."
"Look, you
But Castiel was determined to continue regardless. “Dean, I must speak to you,” he said rather angrily, and his tone immediately stilled the other man’s heart. “I cannot see you behaving so without speaking my mind.” When Dean stared back in disbelief, the older man’s face creased from being absolutely disappointed. “Badly done, Dean,” he said in a stern tone.
“Enough to forget. But don’t give up on me because Friday night made me believe in something I stopped thinking about a long, long time ago.”
They stared at each other, the older man terribly wounded by the directive until his face flushed from a wave of emotions. "I can't go home," Castiel said hoarsely, cautiously stepping closer and drowning in pain. "I want to be with you. I want to hold you and kiss you and try to explain why I've said the things I've said, why I'm like this. And if you could just—"
Dean stared at his brother. "That's not the point," he said flatly. "When you slept with the one that took Eileen's form, maybe you could have gotten over it easily because sleeping with her was what you craved for guiltily."
“Keep that up,” Castiel warned, scowling as he regretted requesting the choice of attire for the other man. Now his mind would forever be swimming around in the gutter. “Where are we going again?”
"Wait," Dean was on a roll, fueled to prove something to his brother, "you know I'm right. You're just being a dick about it."
But Dean had already walked off with a purpose to deliberate another scandal.
“Guess I should head home now,” I said after half an hour passed with the two of us in an awkward silence.
"Looking tired there, Dean," Jody said with a smile, appearing quite motherly in her denim jacket, black and red floral top and faded blue jeans. "Did you pull an all nighter or what?"
A well-manicured hand stretched above a tousled head of red hair and then a narrow face peeked out from the depths of the rose red sheet.
It had to be love, right?
"Delighted to see you, Sister Francis," after extending a hand, it was taken and the older man squeezed, the bond between the two immediate and obvious to widened pair of green orbs. "Season's greetings and I hope that all's well with the building."
It was like being seen after a perpetual darkness, I replied.
“She is quite fine. She’s taking a liking to the window seat. I think she loves the Thames as much as I do.”
"Cas…" the question was asked so innocently, "stop right there because—"
"And you'll make a choice?" Dean still couldn't sway away from those words. "What was that about?"
,” Dean gestured between the two of them, “had sex. You and me. How unbelievable is that?”
"I must apologize, but I have to leave," Castiel said after some time had passed by and rising up from the chair. "I…" when Dean leapt up a second after, blue eyes widened from the reflexive move until the younger man glanced away and remained where he was in an awkward attitude. "I have to accompany Hanna to do some shopping. As it may seem like something I do not partake in at all," Castiel tried a smile but Dean's face fell into a wounded look, "I will entertain her request. I do care about her."
Sam pursued his Degree in Law, falling in love with Jessica and marrying her five years later, then the two of them moved on to have three beautiful kids; a twin set of boys and a baby girl shortly after. By 2020, Gabriel and Castiel were ten years old and Maria just five. And maybe the names should have raised question marks when decided on by the happily married pair, but of course Sam had no recollection of ever meeting his sons’ namesakes and therefore he could not determine where the inspiration arose from, except that the names just
By the time their necks, lips and shoulders were raw from bites and kisses, conversation came again like old times, without the strain of minds or the fear of demons threatening to tear them apart.
doing the same thing in the car. Man, you really had me thinking… Is he trying to tell me something?”
"What did he say?" Claire frowned. "And by the way, you and Cas are meant for each other. There's no if or but. You're perfect in like a whole true love way."
Castiel shrugged. “There’s only one of me, I’m afraid.”
Ruby. Dammit. Anyone else but the whore. "I will never sleep with a woman who has never read at least one Jane Austen novel."
“This way,” he heard Ruby’s aunt ushering someone into the room. “He’s right in here. Whatever is the matter?”
. “Or I should ask, what’s new?”
"Right," pinching the bridge of his nose, Dean sighed. "Shit, I'm sorry. I just thought that you knew a lot more than you were letting off. I'm such an idiot."
For a few days, everything around the bunker and their lives settled into a routine that soothed even Sam’s mindset.
Sam: Gross. Heading out now. See ya later.
“Your entire Jane Austen collection.”
And that one bit of evidence was enough to cement his belief that every shameful second spent in the shower had been witnessed by Cas. How long he had been standing outside the glass door, Dean couldn't determine exactly. But the mere fact that he hadn't been alone in one of his weakest moments, Dean felt so damn raw and embarrassed inside, he tried to overcompensate by acting as if everything was totally normal the next morning.
“He wants to talk to you,” Sam stared at Castiel, clearly upset about the whole matter.
"I'll be back in two shakes," Sam said before resting his drink on the window sill and winking at his brother. "Need to drain the lizard."
“Fine,” she rolled her eyes and pleaded with Dean for understanding because the two of them were a lot closer than her father’s relationship which was still strained. “I’ll meet you two downstairs. Don’t take long.” And after pulling the door shut, her footsteps faded away.
Charlie glanced up at the older man and swallowed hard as her friend seated in close proximity tensed up. “Yeah, the Swift drives Dean crazy.” When it was believed that she witnessed enough thus far to estimate the closeness between the two men, she was finally faced with the perfection in their characters and features that matched beautifully when positioned together.
The breeze was refreshing on a warm summer’s day, coming through the window and caressing the wind chimes. The view was astounding from the window he liked to sit by. All of it was so tempting to become lost in. If he tried, he just might be able to forget the heartache that was threatening to kill him.
“That’s good, you know?” Dean cleared his throat and nodded, “I mean, I’m glad that I can make you change your mind. So when you do meet someone that you start falling for…you know…the whole romance novel kind of thing…then you’re going to allow yourself the chance. And then you’ll want kids with that person…you’ll want to cuddle in bed with whoever she turns out to be…” it pained him to rant on like that about a future that didn’t involve the two of them. But he was preparing himself for the fall. “This here could be a stepping stone.”
"Okay," Cas thought about it for a while, "it's fluffy and cute and –"
When Castiel took Dean behind the neck and drew him in closer, the other man welcomed the deepened kiss with everything he could offer and it was like coming home again.
Dean was about to protest but after considering those mellow blue eyes, he gave in completely. Although dreading the time they would spend together alone, he wanted some fresh air.
Call it petty for him to just decide to block me out, but it was necessary to a man who fell down and bruised his ego in those most vulnerable times of his life. I smartly avoided going in the office to collect or deliver files because I figured that he needed space. Like going to the washroom, faking that I was on an important phone call when Ruby asked me to call or retrieve something from the lair. Or taking up the task of delivering documents to several offices on the fifty floors just so that I wasn’t at the desk. All of these fortunate activities placed me away from him, obviously something that he desired most of all.
"Billie Eilish," Dean said, this time with a look of amazement and yet a small smile. "Haven't you heard the song?"
The gesture brought tears to Castiel's eyes; tears that felt so warm as his heart felt elated, his mind relaxed and those fleeting thoughts were silenced as there was no room for doubt but only space for one person. And that one person was looking at him like he meant the world.
“Why is it annoying?” the older woman took his jaw and connected their eyes. “Look at me, you can’t just keep him like a soft teddy bear that only you can cuddle and talk to all your life. You got to stop being like this, Dean.”
"It's your lunch hour and you shouldn't stagger into work drunk as a fish."
“Save it,” Dean rolled his eyes and felt a fire flaring inside of his chest. “I meant what I said before too. That you can do as you please.”
Dean nodded slowly. He bit his lips and played the question in his mind repeatedly. "Guess I am."
"Since we were kids, Dean always used to tell me that he wanted to fall in love and then get married like a fairytale. He always was the one who believed in finding love more than marrying for benefits. Which is why," Sam turned to the other man and smiled, "when he said the same thing in front of those cameras outside the Brighton hotel, I knew that something was happening to him. I mean, he's never been in love. All he does is one-night stands. But when he called you
He folded over a little at first. Those green eyes sparkled with so much intrigue. Then he slowly circled the wings protruding from the back of Cas' sweater as if examining an amazing car in a show room.
"He means well," Bobby was saying whilst Queen Mary stood in a royal blue gown and spoke about her favorite flowers. "Your dad."
Then suddenly, Dean clapped his hands together in glee. "Ha! I got it!"
Now, as he collected a frying pan and placed it on the stove, Cas felt his chest compress with anxiety. Because he wasn't quite sure what was occurring between the two of them. Sure there was the obvious sense of being in love with each other, but he could never get past the fact that Dean had placed him in danger by jumping into hell.
Therefore, his brother was left with the burden of three children at a very crucial stage in their lives where they needed nurturing, and a father and mother who were neck deep in studies, cases and research papers to manage more than three hours sleep.
"What?" Dean stared back and could literally feel his head become so light, it couldn't be so sudden and so simple, not like this. Not when they were gathered around by family and laughter felt so beautiful. There was no end to what they were. "So you're going to give up on me
Castiel couldn't sleep that night and when he did doze off at 6am, he resorted to a blackness that was occasionally streaked with Dean's voice calling out to him in the inky pit of nothing.
"We need to find him," Cas rose up from the table quickly and tried to fight the fear swelling up in his chest.
Dean contained so much hope in his eyes, Ruby was consumed with happiness to know that this was it. This was what she always wanted and just when the damn moment arrived, she was responsible for spoiling it.
was. “As in Mr. Big Shot from GENTS? The face that I’ve seen a bunch of times on the news today?
"Bring us the bottle, would you? Let's try to finish it before Michael starts talking about his affair with the librarian."
“Ditto. I love you, Dean,” Castiel said shortly afterwards, mesmerized by the fond name and eyes glistening in the soft glow of the lamps around them. “I love you so much that every step you take away from me makes my heart long for you even more.” The two of them gazed at each other. “I love…you more than myself.”
It took Sam two weeks to even consider the possibility of going along with Dean's plan.
“Nonsense!” Dean clapped the table, suddenly appearing spritely and he rose up with a spring in his step. “I’m game for another hunt, man. Keeps me going. I love the adrenaline rush.”
Something was happening to the older man though, that much Dean ascertained whilst scrutinizing his friend's countenance. It was like gazing into an abyss that reflected nothing but immense pain and torture and just for a moment, maybe for the first time ever, Dean witnessed the depth in his Castiel's eyes that suggested a truth he may never be able to decipher because he was simply unsure of what it was exactly.
Dean sighed and nodded slowly after realizing why the questions could be troubling her. Regret. She was trying to decide whether her appearance in Castiel’s life was something that he never planned to happen and never really wished for. Or this was all related to whether her belief in pursuing Kaia would prove to be beneficial in the long run. Her belief in love was flimsy at that point, and Dean couldn’t understand why because wasn’t his relationship with Castiel a firm foundation as proof that good things could happen when influenced by love?
He was losing control because he was for the first time falling in love and falling hard every single day.
Why was it fair?
terrified.”
“You…don’t…” Dean shifted uncomfortably by the window and felt for the glass behind him, pressing his fingertips onto very cold kisses from the snow outside, “no way do you... Don’t lie to me.” He started hyperventilating from the pique of his curiosity. “Do you have tattoos for real? How many, Cas? Fuck.” He clamped his hand on parted lips and stared back. “I’m sorry, that just slipped out. Wouldn’t happen again.”
He sniffed and I knew that the tears were flowing. Even though I couldn’t see him, it was shocking enough to listen to him cry softly on the other end. At that point, I understood that he needed me in ways he might not even be aware of. There were people who couldn’t fight their battles alone and they never really asked for help. But there he was, in his most vulnerable state, silently pleading for me to pick him up. Although the tension between us when he was sober could be so dramatic and choking, I didn’t care about anything else in that moment. And the worst part of it all was the drugs, whatever he had taken, and where his mind currently resided.
Jane Austen. Downton Abbey. The landmarks. Most of all, the royal family and its substantial influence. It's glamor and daunting secrets. The inner workings of a system that was oiled by so much power and belief and money. He wanted to go to England. He really did. But why was he even second thinking this?
It was the kind of kiss that he was willing to take all of what was given, going in over and over again as if trying to find Dean’s soul. Tasting chocolates and warmth in between small gasps and when their eyes did meet, Dean gazed up at Castiel like he was willing to open up his mind, body and soul no matter the costs. And that is exactly what was accomplished in their first full round of love making.
He wanted to kiss Castiel so badly that his temples throbbed from resisting and although he struggled to understand what the older man was trying to accomplish, he already knew what he desired the most. The only thing holding him back was the inability to determine whether he would be successful or not if he pushed forward.
Castiel always managed to appear quite serene even in the most unsettling situations and it was a developed skill that oftentimes ruffled Dean’s feathers because he would be fueled and ready to raise his voice but his friend merely provided the opposite reaction. Therefore, their arguments were never arguments but managed to climb for a few seconds and descend again almost immediately.
“I know, I know,” sighing, Dean reached for the key and pulled it out whilst smiling but yet he didn’t take away his hand that was still being tenderly touched. “Never thought I’d say this out loud, but you really live up to your nickname, sunshine. In more ways than one. I might not use that one as often as huggy bear but it’s still a good one.”
“Take it all off,” his voice was breathy when the Prince’s arms rippled from muscles and the contours of his body were sculpted to perfection.
"Socks," Ellen snorted, arms folded, "and some nice spandex tights."
most memorable experience you’ll ever have.”
Sighing, he checked his phone for any new messages and determined that Castiel may be waiting on him to send the first one. As childish as the entire thing appeared, he was the one hanging onto every half an hour like doom's day was on the horizon. Whilst the older man was probably so very much occupied that he barely could focus on his own mobile, especially his messages. And just when Dean was prepared to at least send a
If Charlie was honest with herself in that moment, she believed that her worth to men like Crowley and Castiel may never be ideal. She was simple, very young and very poor and she was contented of her insignificance to even cast an agitated fever to defending otherwise. And because she understood her worth may take years to build up so that she may even be considered as suitable to a gentleman, no one else would do except for the young woman who embraced her despite everything else. Despite her flaws, her absence of wealth and very common features, she was loved and pursued and wanted nothing more than to accept those advances.
"In the storm?" Claire watched him incredulously as he approached the front door. "Dude, it's crazy out there."
“I still like talking to you,” Dean said laughing, as the older man untangled his legs and still embraced him, “but I also like making out with you so we could
“How could you, Dean?”
“Every time I’m not with you,” Castiel replied, searching the tumble of waves over smooth rocks. On the opposite bank, he spied a farmhouse in the far distance surrounded by an unpainted picket fence and an abundance of cows. “Why do you ask?”
"Yeah?"
“I couldn’t find you when I came back here,” Cass rages. “I was so worried, Dean.”
Dean, of the impression that the question sought out a conversation to be entertained in strict confidence instantly experienced a wave of anxiety because he wasn’t sure what the topic would be. It had to be something of
Dean couldn’t move, chest still heaving as he tried to catch his breath but failed miserably. And by the time he managed to slip into his pajamas, he had no choice but to fall back onto the bed, burying himself into the blanket and listening to the rain outside.
“What is she talking about?” he tried, his body growing colder by the second as the epitome of their demise resided in two entities, a stone’s throw away from them. “Dean?”
“We complement each other too,” Castiel avoided eye contact, “don’t we? So why aren’t we aligned together, as you so poetically describe it?”
"The part where I tried to kill myself two times and you had to save me," Dean swallowed and yet he couldn't make eye contact. "Remember that?"
It wasn't easy though; to prepare himself for an official date. Dean stood in front of the bedroom mirror and hated how his hair spiked up in all directions after washing. He cursed the cheap shampoo. He didn't like how his Irish Spring body wash smelled all of a sudden and then he loathed how he had bags under his eyes.
“There was no brandy or…alcohol served,” Castiel appeared suddenly in quite a refreshed spirit after devouring a cup of tea in the kitchen obviously. He startled both men and didn’t seem to mind at all from intruding. “Sam, did you sneak in a flask of spirits?” frowning, his forehead creased.
Castiel frowned and folded his arms upon the table because two months of no such line being uttered between them was beginning to worry him. “To what?”
"It's simple. We meet Garth by the side entrance and he slips us in. Nice and easy."
“Think about it this way,” Charlie settled down beside him and tried to snatch the paper, “they’d probably kick his ass if he didn’t shove you and pretended to be disgusted by what happened. Guys are far too aggressive when it comes to defending their egos and dude, you might be comfortable with your sexuality because you have a friend that supports you but Dean? Suppose he’s gay and he’s desperate to find someone who gets him? And maybe he wants you to talk to him because he has no one else to talk to?”
“I didn’t. You were wearing the Little Mermaid boxers when I went down on you,” Cas whispered with a teasing smile. “Or were you so completely lost in the moment, you didn’t realize? What? It was so adorable, Dean. Please don’t be ashamed.”
marriage, you know? That would…fucking turn me into a potato.”
"Brother, do you even know what
Castiel smiled, blushed even, from the memories of when Sam played the voice note to him afterwards and every so often, he would play it over and over again, waiting on the gasps at the end from the members of Parliament who favored Dean and would never like for him to detest them in any way.
"You'll always be," Dean said softly as the sunshine tried to fight its way through stormy clouds. "Cas, I'm really glad that you talked to me last night about your fears. Even though I was so low, I needed to hear why you were holding back. But don't ever think that you're just another fling for me. Sometimes I feel as if we've been together for a long time and we just haven't ever taken time off to be a normal couple."
“Why did he take you to the club though? I mean, it’s not like you’re…you know.” Gay. He couldn’t even say the word comfortably and because Dean realized that the idea of Castiel being inclined to men as well troubled him enough to stifle the word from escaping his lips, he wondered what was happening. Why was he suddenly so changed enough to not even recognize himself?
"Castiel."
considering that we’ll be inside my home.”
"Please don't do this," Castiel's strained voice signaled that he was becoming bruised and somewhat irritated.
"I can't do this too. I can't chase after someone who doesn't even know who he truly is," Dean said with his back still to the other man. He balled his fists. It was a gesture that wasn't unchecked by Castiel. "When you figure that out, then I'll be here."
And so…he began to type. He typed two sentences and then a third. And when he pondered on the words in the box, Dean continued onto a fourth line.
"Showtime," Ruby suddenly said, prepping her camera and focusing it on a group of people arriving through the concrete archway underneath the palace.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s left arm affectionately and smiled warmly. “I need to buy you a ring.”
“Then how do you know I’m the rebel in my family?”
“Then why do I feel like my heart just died?” Castiel asked, watching Dean climb into the Bentley without looking back. The crowds were rearing their heads to get a good look of the source of the commotion behind the barricade containing the media personnel.
“Only one way to find out,” the wide grin on the younger Winchester’s face was enough to suggest a wide range of mischievous thoughts. “Check him out.”
“Jesus,” she was completely awake after two seconds. “Look what the cat dragged upstairs.”
Dean couldn't decipher why there was a troubling feeling inside of his chest but he literally pinpointed the tension between them and wondered why it even existed.
“Yes, but this time because of our quarrel, it pained me more than any prior occasion. When you called me the other day and expressed how tormented you were because of me, I knew that I had to separate myself from you. I couldn't linger here. We would never be able to have that conversation so soon and time was needed to absorb the damage already done.”
“I’m not the cover boy for a freaking gay parade,” Dean scowled. He bit the sandwich and chewed, enjoying the morsel just as much as he should be after going without food for more than a couple of hours. “You’re more like a stuffed unicorn. You’re so soft. You give the best squishy hugs. And you’re not ashamed to be who you are. In fact, I think you’re more acceptable of your sexuality than I am.”
? Suppose I do something wrong and we can't move on from that and—"
"You proposed to her," Dean stated in a soft tone, staring at the bunker and feeling his heart flop around his chest at the thought of doing the same.
Immediately the roar of applause began, and continued way after the crowns were planted on their heads. Then standing side by side, Dean was so awkward from the attention and the realization that he was clearly accepted for his sexuality that he wasn’t prepared for what came next.
Dean's eyes filled with tears and it seemed as if he was constantly crying these days. "I want to say so many things to you," he said in almost a whisper. "I want to hold you. And never let go. Ever."
As I’m about to lift the dumpster to throw the bag into it, I hear that same giggle my brother does when he’s flirty and riding high on happiness with women. And hating myself for being so damn nosy, I follow the sound to the side of the bunker where the car is parked.
“Well there goes my slice of happiness for this evening,” Dean mumbled, “I mean, she’s just…the warmest person who radiates with so much happiness. I can’t imagine how something so terrible could happen to someone so special. I instantly connected with her.” He told Castiel about how his advice to Charlie the year prior inspired her to stick around in the orphanage.
“Is everything alright? Did something happen? You’re rather silent and I’m suffocating from worry.”
Every time he did something good, he felt good about himself.
“The right person,” Castiel said finally, after sighing, “exists. That is all I can admit and as sure as the weather about to change drastically.”
“Not like what I expected for sure,” Dean squeezed Castiel’s hands between his. “I keep feeling like something’s going to happen but I don’t know if it’s going to be bad or good, you know?”
“How…do you…” Castiel couldn’t breathe, and he couldn’t even slacken his heartrate.
“Sure,” Zachariah turned, and headed towards the door.
“I can’t help it, okay?” Dean sighed because the constant bicker on the topic was too humorous to avoid. “It’s fun.”
“Charlie, has Dean ever been mean to you?” I asked her when Kevin bounced off from the table and left us. My voice had deepened to its gravelly quality and sometimes I hated when my weakened composure resonated like that.
"I know it's a lot to ask," Sally, the eldest of six sisters living under a roof without parents but only a grandmother pleaded to Dean, "but since you and your friend are teachers, can you help to bring back the free biscuits and milk they used to share out in school in the mornings? Most days all we got is scraps and these lot don't eat them stale breads," she studied her youngest sister sorting out the items from the hamper, barely seven and already very smart and helpful. "They used to do sandwiches for lunch too."
How could he zoom in on Benny and Lee's attachment to the man he loved without examining his own past lovers and what they could present to Dean?
Dean willingly eased the baby away from his mother's arms and those huge pools of brown eyes widened after meeting green ones. They instantly developed a bond that was so pure and innocent that Castiel's heart melted further, his knees weakened and his eyes glistened with tears. When the baby's fists unclenched and small fingers pressed onto Dean's face, patting the soft stubble and after the black framed glasses were reached for, the young woman reached out and batted his hands away. And despite him being rooted to the spot, Castiel slowly tried to form words but none escaped his lips because he was so mesmerized by the sight before him.
it. All of it. If you just…if we just go through this together and try to figure out what it means and—"
“That is so cute!” she eyed the opened suitcase in the corner by the fireplace. Then the box that contained other one and two oddities. “Cas, I have something to tell you. It’s like…huge. And I wanted to tell you so long ago but I didn’t know what to say or how to say it.”
Castiel absorbed the deeply affected words and sighed, realizing that he might have overstepped. "Forgive me, but I became too caught up in my own thoughts. How are you, Sam?" Dean rose up, signaling that he would lend assistance to his father in the kitchen with something John highlighted and he left the older man to himself.
The remark was so sudden and bold. As I settled on the chair, I unzipped my black lunch bag and avoided eye contact as many emotions swirled around inside of me. Sexual thoughts? Really? Where did
Cackling, the demon stepped back and seemed impressed. “It’s in the grapevine that you sent your boyfriend to hell. So why are you angry now that we have him all to ourselves?”
"Not like I'm a kid though…"
There was silence on the other end then heavy laughter. “God, I thought you wouldn’t figure out I was the one who recommended you to take the job here.”
"Merry Christmas, babe," Dean said in a light tone, quite giddy from the feeling of being absolutely in love. "I'm so soft right now so let me have my moment," he said hugging himself and gazing into pools of blue, "it's a gift waking up with you like this…our first Christmas as a couple! Can you believe it?"
If he couldn’t...see him again.
He frowned, “I wish I lived a colorful life too.”
“He’s talking to me about playing with dolls,” green eyes turned to Ellen who sighed and smiled, “
On the ride back to the bunker, Dean starts to play these soppy love songs that he usually scolds me for listening to. Like The Carpenters and Air Supply, and Tina Turner and Celine Dion. He’s belting out the lyrics when I turn the music down and ask him what the hell is going on.
"No, it's totally groovy!" Charlie sat up and provided a wide smile, "come on, you can tell me anything and you know it wouldn't weird me out. Tell me what it's like."
“Had a few sandwiches on my way back,” Dean said, smartly dressed in a white long-sleeved shirt with black jeans. He was wearing comfortable riding boots, brown and laced up. “I’m so exhausted right now. I could sleep for a week.”
When the Impala nosed its way into the yard and crawled towards the fountain dusted in snow, he killed the engine and emerged with a chest consumed by emotions he detested so much, that he hated himself.
He remembered the shitload of candy and the toy cars. The bouncy castle they secretly blew up when he was restricted to dwelling inside the castle because of his manic episodes. And whenever he was angry, Adam would pull out two pairs of boxing gloves and challenge Dean to beat the crap out of him until he felt better.
"With booze and wild parties?" Sam was direct. "Since when do you ever give up just like that? You're the one who told me that when you first met him, you felt something like you never did before. And you're going to give up on that?"
"Can you stay with him whilst I get something for both of us to eat? We've been here since this morning and it's after lunch."
“Me?” Castiel pointed at himself and appeared shocked. “Hardly.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably on the chair and leaned in the other direction but the reaction was far too much noticed by two watchful pairs of eyes; Ellen and Charlie. The last words uttered by the older man made him rather conscious of the truth, of the question marks becoming full stops and highlighted statements. And whilst the conversation prolonged between Donna, Jody and Castiel, the women drowned in the obviousness of the situation before them, of what they referred to as ‘intense chemistry’.
It was then when I felt…
?" Dean protested and followed up with a groan. "Dammit, he's older and sexy as hell. He's far ahead of me in life and he's obviously going to want things that I don't even know how to process as yet. I don’t know how to be in a relationship with someone like Cas. I don't freaking know how to touch him or…what the hell to do. Like I
Of all the times to fight with each other, to fall into a sink hole which threatened to envelope them in a thick blackness, it had to be on the road. It had to be after what was supposed to be a lovely Boxing Day spent with family, where there was an abundance of laughter. Now, they were both wrecked until they couldn’t untangle from each other because of fearing the worse; that one of them would leave for good.
“Less than that if you ask me.”
"Not until you admit it."
"Enlighten me," Castiel stirred his coffee. He couldn't forget their conversation over the phone. No matter what he had done to override the feelings that had overwhelmed him two nights ago. He still kept going back to reaching for the wine and deliberately trying to drown his raw, unnerving attraction.
“Dean…” Cas’ sob ripped through his chest and he tried to swallow down the pain but couldn’t. “I still…love…” raking his fingers through his hair, he fought to breathe. “I love…him. I love him.” His voice broke. Weakly, Cas tried to sit up and the room spun dangerously. “I love him,” he kept saying, “I love…you. Dean Winchester. I love…you so much. I love you.”
Dean though, was not ready to divulge any of what happened with anyone for various reasons.
“I know you’d be a wonderful father too, Dean,” Castiel savored the warmth emanating from their arms pressed together as they ate. It was so comfortable and soothing to bond with someone else after so many years.
“Are you going to be this sexual throughout the whole journey? Might I remind you that we are in front of the cameras and although we can hide our words, our faces cannot be concealed.”
"About what?" Dean's vision was clouded by tears as he turned around and considered blue ones that were also brimming, "you want to start looking for my next best option? How about you put out an advertisement announcing that I’m
Whatever was happening to him throughout the day must have created so much desire mixed with anger and a dying need for Castiel to touch him that he became a ticking time bomb. And after lathering up with that scented body wash which opened his senses and cleared his mind, Dean toweled off, slipped into as much layers of clothing he could manage and wandered out into the small living room within the apartment.
“Yes?” Castiel’s voice faltered a little more as he reached up and dabbed at his tears. He pleaded with his eyes, trying to unearth something, but Dean provided silence. “What is happening to you? Dean, you must talk to me.”
Dean, however, was blushing deeply now. "It feels weird because…" now he was obviously bashful, as he stayed by the dresser and their eyes connected, "…I mean, with a woman, when you say that you've had sex, it only means one thing. But with a guy, there's like so much more that embodies that word. In the lake," those green eyes were sparkling, "I…um, well…I did my thing…with you…"
Cas dipped his head and softly pressed their lips together. He savored the feeling for a few seconds and then pulled away. "He told me that angels weren't smart enough to complete puzzles."
A small gasp followed along with someone mumbling in the background, sounding very much like Jess and then the unified screams of the twins. "I mean, in all fairness, if you two can find a way to go against biology, then fine by me. I'm more than happy being an uncle. Jess! Get Mary and Marlene off of my hair!" a scuffle ensued on the other end until silence returned. "You two are together officially, then?"
“First,” Dean’s expression became strained, “I know that it’s my responsibility to take my meds but I can’t do it alone because I have so much weighing down on me because of my duties. Maybe I’ll slip up and then something happens. So, can you please,” he squeezed Castiel’s hand and pleaded, “make sure that I’m on track with those? If you notice those mild or scary signs, get me to take Lithium as soon as possible. And secondly…”
Dean couldn’t believe the question and smiled with a quizzical expression. “Of course, I can see you. What –” They gazed at each other as if familiarizing themselves with their own fantasies.
The older man smiled and raised his eyebrows. “You’ll what? Hmm? Kiss me? I hope you do but don’t strain yourself. I’ve been waiting a long time and I can wait some more. Charlie, my dear,” Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder and considered the bundle of pink on the bench who immediately beamed in his direction, “can you join us later? I will not ask Dean because he has no choice on the matter. But you…it would be most appreciated if you could come too.”
"Dean?" came Castiel's worried tone.
and it felt like a date. I was so impressed that he would go out of his way to like, you know, take me out.”
“Any time, nerd. You want another beer?”
When Cas collected the jacket and slipped it on, he immediately inhaled the fresh scent of Irish Spring; Dean's scent. Mixed with his aftershave and a hint of vanilla shampoo. And his mind swirled around a little. Suddenly he didn't feel cold anymore but…safe. Like Dean's smell sheltered him and was trying to assure him that everything would be okay. Everything would work out between them. And he didn't have to constantly worry about the silence or the broken pieces between them.
After all these years I realized one thing and I realized it with as much sadness as possible. Cass developed feelings for Dean, like hardcore feelings like I mentioned to you before. And Eileen, I’ve really admired how Cass has loved Dean for all these years because it might not feel like a long time to him because of how many years he’s existed.
Dean stared at Castiel in disbelief because he couldn’t understand where all of those remarks were originating from. “Come on, dude. He’s the freaking Priest…Deacon, whatever! A man of the cloth! What kind of suspicions could you even get from him? He’s stealing wine from the church? He’s…taking all the collection and pimping his
“You were about to reveal to me where Charlie took you on your escapade today,” Castiel’s voice grew hoarser as those blue eyes darkened from deeply being affected by his desire too. “Care to enlighten me on how that played out?”
They stood there in silence afterwards as the lanterns flickered on. Electric lanterns that highlighted the roof and inside the windows. Then as the night settled in, the entire lawn was illuminated by floodlights that spotlighted the castle and made it appear even more fairytale-like.
Sighing, Castiel pushed the bowl of jelly beans towards his sister and suddenly remembered that he didn’t even pick a suit from his wardrobe. There were many of various shades but the prom’s preference was black and thus far, Dean’s only proposal was for the two of them to wear shirts matching their eyes. That was an easy request to fulfil because Gabriel presented him a blue shirt last Christmas. But perhaps the most uncomfortable part of the entire ordeal was how he felt wearing any kind of suit.
“What kind?” Sam beamed at her suddenly, wiping his hands between a red and white checkered rag. “I’m actually…working.”
“I was only wondering since he seems rather taken by you,” Castiel laughed, resting a palm onto Dean’s left cheek. “He kept checking your ass out when we first got here.”
When Dean realized that he could not sit next to the other man without seeking out some kind of connection between them, he understood a little to become certain of one thing; that he was clinging to an energy that emanated from someone else, a warm kind of feeling that was comforting, from another man too. And that feeling when experienced was so desiring and frightening at the same time that Dean’s heart leapt lightly as his mind dizzied.
"Kind of reminds me of when I was becoming too attached to Cas, and Sam threw a fit about it," Dean gripped the steering wheel and smiled. It was damn good to be back on the road again. The feeling of flying. In Baby. Flying down the highway with the warm sunshine paving the way and nothing but road for miles and miles.
"I can do a little hocus pocus somewhere in the mountains and see what happens," Dean winked at her. "What do you think?"
Taking away everything Dean was privy to latching himself onto? The act alone would drive the Prince into a destructive state that Castiel didn’t want at all. And because he was caught on the precipice of making an awfully painful decision to either walk away or aid in the process of destroying the life of the man he loved the most, he almost fainted.
"Your body craving to be touched by me is embarrassing?" Cas rested his cheek on the top of the seat and considered the side of Dean's face with a frown.
"I haven't. Not really. Not with a guy. And he's…more than what I expected. He's so much more human than I ever thought he was." Dean rested the bags down and sighed. "When we talk about things, he gets right up inside my heart and he makes me feel so vulnerable. But there are these walls."
"I'll be waiting for you, here inside my heart, I’m the one who wants to love you more. You will see I can give you everything you need, let me be the one to love you more," Castiel sang under Celine Dion's chorus, and his decision to suddenly leap into such a delivery stunned Dean to a point where the light changed to green and he suddenly slammed down on the accelerator.
"I wish that he would talk to me about that part of his life a little more, that's all," Dean appeared crestfallen. "Most times it seems as if I'm only talking about me."
“First of all,” he said batting away her compliments, “it’s not what you think.”
"Don't forget the Prius and Ford, both 2019 editions, plus his driver Ketch. And I mean, I'm used to seeing Cas driving around as per normal but you shouldn't turn down a driver, Dean."
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I said, shaking my head but also closing my laptop and reaching for my phone. “I’m sorry but I wasn’t at my desk and Ruby never filled me in on what I’m supposed to do.”
Just the thought of such a thing clouded Dean's eyes with tears because it was the best part of falling asleep and waking up these past few days. "No, Cas. But I'll try because I know that you'll be feeling the same way too."
When the only occupants of the room were Sam, Dean and Castiel along with the baby, the former sighed dramatically. For a full minute, the older Winchester studied the view beyond the window containing a dark night littered with lights from houses through the trees. There was a winter storm coming in as early as December, but the most thrilling part of that time of year for Dean was the excessive bundling up indoors and the warm fires. It was the kind of weather to read extensively.
Was that it?
...” he tried but then backed down after my evident displeasure. “Nah, you’re good company. I like you. Plus you’re really…and I mean
“Cas, you of all people know that most times I struggle with my self-esteem. It’s why I kept thinking that I wouldn’t ever be in love because no one would love me. So humor me, Cas. Why me?” Dean tried again, his chest heaving as the butterflies flapped their wings in a cramped space.
"I know," disregarding his decision to remain distant, Dean wrapped an arm around Castiel's waist, the other snaking around his neck and he simply folded into the scent of Old Spice. Burying his face gingerly into the older man's neck, he raked his fingers through dark brown hair too tousled to ever remain neat and literally felt Castiel let out a long, deep sigh. "I know it hurts. It really does. But it…" he rubbed his wet cheeks onto the feel of smooth leather and sniffed, "…it doesn't mean we're falling apart or we're over. It's just a little bump, you know? Like you said, we'll get mad, and fight and yell maybe, and cry but we'll always fall back into place."
His mind was trying to convince him that this was the most romantic thing Dean had ever done. That would be followed by glasses of wine and a beautiful conversation. But when he turned around and found the hunter on the floor on one knee, he staggered back a step and his hands clamped onto his mouth, barely suppressing the gasp that escaped from within him.
How foolish could he be to even mention something so ridiculous?
"Dean, you might think that I have my needs under control, but I don't," Cas confessed as he caught a whiff of Irish Spring and drowned in it. "Last night before we kissed, don't you remember me giving you permission to take all that you wanted from me?"
"Yes."
," came John's loud voice from somewhere in the blackness where Dean swum around and couldn't feel anything. "Jess identified them, all three of them and I'll be damned if I don't press charges and get their asses thrown into jail. Mike should know better than to hire those redneck filth around here."
Walk away…
"You remembered," Dean's eyes filled with tears as he offered a trembling smile. "Wow. You're really something."
"How could you…
“As few as they might be.” Balthazar would not accept defeat as he folded his arms and turned to his younger brother.
"Dean?" Cas tried again, feeling a wave of coldness creep around his chest.
Dean frowned deeply and licked his lips. “Don’t tell me you made some damn deal to get him back, Cas. Don’t you dare tell me that. Right now, in case you haven’t noticed, I can’t lose the people that matter the most to me. You especially. This…” the younger man implored reason and his green eyes softened, “what’s happening around us; it’s going to be bad before it even gets better.”
“How does Dean smell to you, Cas?” Charlie boldly asked and after she received a jab in her side, her snort didn’t escape the older man.
Castiel’s brother was gay, therefore he clearly would not entertain any mockery in relation to his family. And Dean obviously had overstepped by bringing up the phrase, he immediately regretted the misuse.
"Left to go where now?" Ellen could never understand why their daughters yearned to be away from their families.
What they didn't expect to discover was Dean in the arms of what obviously was the shifter who had taken the form of no other than Castiel. He was pinned to the wall, and the two of them were kissing as if the world was about to end. Sam immediately aimed his gun but he threw a cautious look at the man by his side, wondering what the hell could be running through Castiel's thoughts. And when the shifter heard the click of the gun, it turned around and for a brief few seconds, fear crossed its blue eyes until those same eyes rested on the only other pair of the same shade in the space.
Really and truly. Was it out of anger? Or was Dean afraid to say something? And the more Castiel dwelled on the latter, he felt terrible because he had caused this.
When Cas offered him nothing but a look of utter guilt, Dean stared in disbelief at the man he honestly believed could trust him enough to reveal everything there was.
Dean hesitated. He glanced down at their entwined fingers. "It's completely crazy. But I've never felt this way about anyone. I'm falling in love with someone I met less than a week ago."
Their lips were so close, he could taste Dean’s breath and his mind was turned upside down as barely, their lips brushed and Castiel was on fire like a flame ignited and burning inside his chest too and then…
“Your…” Cas gestured at the younger man’s hand upon the table, “caresses on my face, arm. I like the feeling that comes with those. I like when you look at me and refuse to blink, roaming your eyes lower to my lips perhaps…suggesting that you’re thinking of…”
“Dean!” Jody’s spirits never dulled for as long as Dean knew her and there she lingered by the doorway awaiting their entry, “come in! You wouldn’t believe who arrived this morning.”
"I feel as if…we shouldn't jump as yet," Cas admitted shyly, avoiding eye contact but offering a small smile. "Before we fall hard."
"Look at him," Jody smiled warmly and nudged Dean's left arm. She couldn't help but love Cas more than ever before. "He's so good with kids. Makes you wonder if he'll ever want kids of his own someday." Actually, she was fishing. Hoping that maybe things had settled between the two.
He couldn't take everything all at once. He couldn't rip away the element of anticipation that had built up for years between them. Just when Dean had finally allowed his body to embrace how aroused he could become from another man's nearness, he felt like they needed to slow down. For Cas' sake at least because he didn't want to hurt him at all. Not when they were so vulnerable and Cas was searching his eyes for all the answers. So even though he was so hard inside his jeans and the inability to allow himself any kind of release was not possible, Dean pulled away.
"Who was the reporter?"
"Okay, fine, no beer then because I'll have to drive back home after we're done but—"
Everything about Dean was perfect, even the little moan he allowed to escape between their kiss as Castiel followed suit and drowned deeper into the taste of beer and spearmint chewing gum. And the glorifying scent of Irish Spring was so intoxicating that Castiel removed his lips and boldly sought out Dean’s neck, fingers raking through his hair as he tasted the senior’s skin. Then after kissing the nape of Dean’s neck, the two of them almost got a little too handsy with each other until the older boy pulled away.
my fingernails.”
"I had pie earlier," Dean provided as he focused on the road since the weather had darkened the skies, "and Sam had an apple tart."
By the time they pulled apart, breathless and wide-eyed, Penny from the BBC and her camera man managed to capture the scene in the most perfect shot. Whilst three other reporters stared back in awe as the rest of persons passing by on the sidewalk stopped to consider the small crowd gathering. And although Castiel was immediately braced with a sense of fright, Dean’s countenance quickly moved from stunned to cheerful.
"Close to it."
He had a kind face, very boyish with simple brown eyes. And he was decked out in an all-black attire that gave him the appearance of a rather dangerous criminal. "Is that really you, Ruby?" he asked softly after approaching them, even as the feisty tiny human rose up with fisted hands.
Cas, however, frowned deeply. "I would never judge you. What are you referring to?"
"I'm more of a coffee junkie. But I favor teas as my first cup in the morning. And before bed."
“We can’t do anything at this point to bring him back. He’s
"Shh," Cas reached forward and playfully tickled Dean's left earlobe.
“You need to stop being so sensitive and think about what’s best,” she wound her arm around his waist because he was still achy and weak and feared that his actions were very selfish.
“Better than the honey bee, right?” the younger man asked as Castiel collected his wrist and slowly caressed the words with his right thumb. His touch was so intimate, so slow and purposeful that Dean could not prevent himself from gazing between them. “The next most used phrase after
“Is that your cell going off? I can’t remember my ringtone.”
“What’s up with you?” I’m frowning so hard in that moment.
Cas: is that my bed?
to so bad but then I get scared of screwing it up and I'm like…he could be doing this with some other dude who is far more experienced than I am."
“That’s not what I meant—”
When he did, it was only because Rowena’s hands were too small to feel so heavier between his grasp. Her fingers were slimmer, her nails longer. Her hands were cold and not so warm and comforting. And when the realization sunk in, of whose hands he was holding, Dean stopped breathing.
It was obviously his intention to return to bed, to Castiel's side for the rest of the night, but the warm fire presented a beautiful sense of comfort which lasted through half the day. During that time though Dean's dreams consisted of searching the estate, wandering through the rooms for the older man and crying after his inability of locating him. And when he woke up and those green eyes adjusted to the setting around him, he practically jumped up and almost tumbled to the floor, legs twisting in the heavy blanket.
“Yes?” shifting on the bed as the rain came down in sheets, their eyes finally met again when Castiel rolled over. “What is it?”
“I like it when you talk dirty,” I mumbled, boring holes into his expensive pinstripe suit as he walked ahead of me. “You’re so not respectful and…charming and kind. You’re like Mr. Darcy or a male version of Miranda Priestly or Anna Wintour…”
"Yes," Cas nodded innocently.
way to something powerful or beautiful, then he’s into you.”
"Nothing in my life matters but you," Castiel croaked, and the sound of a door softly closing followed. "I've been trying to focus all morning but there is this constant need to check my phone. And every time I do and there is no message or missed call from you, my brain is forcibly convincing my heart that you're very angry and wish not to speak to me. This is paranoia. It has become my worst enemy since we first…since you admitted that you love me. Dean…I can reroute my clients if you still need me, to someone else who would be very much capable and none of this would dent my reputation in their eyes. All I'm concerned about at this point is whether you're far too frustrated by me to even spare a few words. Please let me know if you'd wish for me to clear my appointments because I will…in a heartbeat. I wish you were here with me…Dean. You really
“Such an adorable idiot,” Dean laughed for a long time until he suddenly became engulfed in a heated wave of doubt and fear from uncertainty. “He’s such a…” So much confusing thoughts, he felt like the waves were rolling over and drowning him so fast…When he began to softly cry, there was nothing but a sense of weakness and a loss for words.
Sitting back and tasting how salty his tears were between his lips, Castiel's chest heaved and he was shaking. He wasn't sad. Not quite. He was completely thrilled, his toes curled. And if he could really and truly be honest in that moment to himself, deep down inside, he felt like the heaviest weight had risen from off his chest by just uttering those three words to Dean.
, you're refusing to speak to me. There are things I am so certain that you wish to say to me but you're holding back and I can't continue to keep guessing what those things are."
But when the message wasn’t read in half an hour although delivered, he glared at Castiel’s LAST SEEN as five hours ago and Dean turned on his side. So much for trying, he thought, in vain and without patience. If he deleted the message then it would be displayed as such, so naturally, he was left with no choice but to wait. Locking his phone, he tried to sleep, he really did but every five minutes, he kept tapping on the screen to discover if any new messages arrived.
The simple but painful question squeezed Cas' heart. "I don't know, Dean. Time will tell."
Biting his lips, he smiled as tears filled his eyes. Dean had really been listening to at least six of Taylor Swift’s albums. And he had even favorited a few songs like ‘Don’t Blame Me’ and ‘All Too Well’.
The silence that followed was so welcoming though, and buzzed with the kind of anxiousness Dean didn’t understand at all except to mean that he was really thrilled to have company for the night. He collected Middlemarch from the bookcase and returned to the bed, then pulling away the fresh blanket, he crept into the cool feeling of new sheets and thought about resting the pillow in the middle. But wouldn’t that be too suggestive of the obvious? That he was too sensitive to the two of them sharing a bed?
How on earth could someone like Castiel sweep into his life, upturn it, leave and then come back with these heartwarming promises and definite commitment? And maybe he was pulling himself down lower than his worth but could someone like him ever find true love?
Freezing by the door, because I pretty much wasn’t certain how to open it in the first place, I stared at the polished finish of the wood.
“And the
He didn't turn his eyes internally to judge himself. Instead, he projected outwards and lashed out. Which pretty much made everything afterwards Cas' fault. Because Rowena's death wasn't anyone's fault. She made the choice to ultimately sacrifice herself. Cas didn't force her hand. So why the hell had he stupidly blamed every damn thing on the one person he simply could not live without? How on earth could he become so damn selfish, so self-conceited and cold?
The plan seemed to be simple but it wasn't. They tried to use the amulet as a medium to generate some kind of connection, or magic. But nothing worked. They even pulled Crowley into the trials but he was too pompous to develop any theories and it was Gabriel who, after a light bulb went off in his head, decided that the necklace must be used like a flashlight to guide Castiel towards an exit.
“Cas, don’t say that,” his voice hoarsened as he reached for Castiel’s cold fingers and gingerly caressed them. “The truth of the matter is that Amelia couldn’t take care of a baby even if she was there afterwards. You practically gave Claire her best chance which is what my mom did when she made Ellen promise to never let me and my brother grow up without a mother figure in our lives. Sure, you had no dad around,” Dean turned to Claire whilst Castiel entwined their fingers on the table, “but think about it; Jody and Donna combined are even better. And hey, I was there for you too. You remember when I used to take you for ice cream every Friday after school? When you used to be so afraid to ask for extra sprinkles and the two of us would walk right up to the counter and ask anyway?” When her eyes sparkled and evaporated the tense atmosphere covering the table. “At least you had one dude in your life even though you always called me a loser.”
From childhood, Sam chose his acquaintances carefully and thus far, he placed himself among crowds of people who were of a certain class in order to motivate himself to climb higher. Nothing was wrong with that kind of determination, and apparently Dean fitted in perfectly because his turtleneck sweater and black framed glasses gave him the appearance of a spoiled, sophisticated and rich young man.
Ten minutes later and Dean found himself pushed into the red and blue striped tent that smelled strongly of jasmine, and rosemary. The flaps serving as the entrance moved lightly in the wind, creating a haunting effect. The grass was covered in a soft red carpet. And inside, seated at a round wooden table was a very thin woman with a wild head of red curly hair.
"Dunno if you've ever had these but they might be your new favorite…"
"Talk to me," Dean tried, feeling his throat painfully twist into a knot.
“I’m still mad at you,” the angel’s voice grew smaller as those blue eyes darkened. “So, so mad at you for what you did.”
“The meeting last week went well,” the angel smiled and appeared remarkably composed. “They’re really thrilled with the idea of moving out of the orphanage and in with us.”
Dean cleared his throat and appeared as if he was struggling to gain back composure from Castiel’s words. “Uh, how is Whiskers?” he chewed on a cube of potato, eyes lowered.
"No," shake your head and appear composed. Come on. Get your shit together. You're too old for this. For feeling like a teenager in love. "I'm…fine," Castiel's voice deceived him though, with its gravelly nature that tended to suggest that he was deeply affected by some kind of emotion.
“No!” He fought to remove her grip on him and couldn’t succeed because dammit, Ruby was like a ferocious tiger and demon wrapped up in one. “Let me go.”
“She was right, you know,” Dean provided as he sipped his coffee and slid off his right glove to tease the chocolate sprinkles on the pink cupcake. “About me being fine as hell.”
lost the one person we love more than ourselves, then we've got to find a way to get them back. So I'm telling you exactly what you told me earlier. I'm going to ask you to focus on kicking some ass because people have to pay and we're not going to stop until we get
“You mean handing him the tools whilst he’s under the car.”
“Whenever Dean comes here, there’s always a reason,” Charlie said softly, sucking on her straw and becoming lost in thoughts that I couldn’t read. “The last time he wanted to get away from Lisa, so he stayed for like five months and left to go back. But this time I think it has to be something else besides her. Anyway, whatever he said to you that was really mean, don’t take it to heart.”
Dean’s stunned expression was only as a result of the sweetest name resting in the air between them like a soft and beautiful feeling. “Dammit, Cas. Keep giving me pet names and I’ll—” his words faltered when the actuality of easily revealing the truth felt so comfortable.
"Or else what?" Cas teased, and the two of them walked off smiling.
stupid.”
“Yes,” the older man nodded as their foreheads rested together and blue eyes fluttered close, “most definitely it is not a dream and despite the magical feeling experienced when I’m kissing you, I don’t believe that it is a figment of my imagination. It cannot be because if it is, then I will have no reason to live longer because I must have you…Dean. I
“Dean’s the dom, and Cas is the sub,” Dorothy delivered her final verdict, and it was followed by scoffs, laughter, reactions which surprised Dean so much that he actually smiled. “Wait! Waittt….her hand was held up, “listen, there is a saying that if someone is bold in the streets, they’re fucking mellow in the sheets and Cas is by far this…” she lowered her voice, “the one who takes charge in public. He fucking owns his status. Which means…”
Benny snorted and his shoulders shook from containing his chuckles, evidently intrigued by the likes of the other character. “Man, you’re going to regret this so much.”
His eyes scanned their serene surroundings slowly. The area was decorated with strings of yellow lights crisscrossing around wooden poles and not too far away, he spied a bar bearing the name 'Skyview'. But even before he could ascertain where they were, Dean had promptly arrived at his door and was pulling it open with a blushing smile plastered on his handsome face.
know about your sex life.” Her sass was abundant and with arms folded, she bit in her smile.
Asked Joy.
“Well then, this is fantastic news,” Rowena said, touching his arm. “I must say, you are as fine as he described. I have known Dean since he was nine and I know enough about him to tell you for sure that above everything else in his life, you matter to him very, very much.”
