He let out a loud wail, throwing his head back dramatically before Steve's hand softened his fall. That's when he caught sight of it.
"Well, usually...but not you. You've never really liked alcohol bud, have you?"
"Nuh uh, open up," his father instructed, poking his fingers into the boys' mouth. "Peter, spit it out!"
Tony tried not to laugh at the look of pure focus on Peter's face when he placed three blueberries into his mouth, tapping his cheek when he was finished to signal Tony to start chewing. Peter grinned happily when Tony hummed in satisfaction, nodding his approval.
"Oh, Pete," he sighed. "I'm so sorry baby. Papa didn't even...papa is
"Uh-huh," Peter grinned.
"Keep it up and yours won't end up on your head," she bit back. "Bruce, you okay?"
"Papa, what are we gonna make!" Peter gasped, looking at the shelves full of boxed baking mixes.
A few minutes later, all three of them sat on the living room floor around the Christmas tree with the warm drink in their hands, just as they did every year for as long as Peter remembered. It was a traditional that none of them ever wanted to end. Knowing one day it would, they all appreciated it more and more each year.
Peter thought to himself for a moment, pulling at his fluffy Rudolph socks. The toddler had insisted on wearing them all week in the lead up to Santa's big visit. Another thing he insisted on was asking every question possible about Santa himself and the rules of Christmas. The biggest being the rule that Peter had to sleep in order for Santa to visit.
Tony thought for a moment.
It was another twenty minutes before Peter saw them. Covered in dirt, dust, rubble and blood. Tony was leaning on Steve as they hobbled out of the elevator, searching the room for their son. Steve was still in uniform, Tony still in his black under-suit, but neither thought about changing just yet. They still had to do a debriefing, get themselves stitched up, meet up with the team, take a shower. But all that was on their mind right now was Peter.
"I wanna be waked up! I wanna play wif 'em,"
The scientist nodded, fixing his glasses and running his hand through his messy curls. He was trailing a little further behind them, but Thor never let him stay back too far, always sticking by his side.
It took a little longer than their practice run to get Peter into his costume properly. The boy just couldn't stop coughing, having to take breaks and have sips of water. Tony called through the door multiple times to ask if they were okay, but Natasha shooed him away.
The boy hopped up and down where he was, watching his papa for praise. Steve cheered, clapping his hands as Tony stood by his side and tried to not go into cardiac arrest from how adorable this all was.
Peter looked miserable, nodding his little head.
we can to make sure we do come back," Tony explained. "And you know how much me and papa love you, don't you?"
"I've been here all night. As CEO, I kind of host this thing. And I'm a CEO who shows up on time," she pointed out.
Peter giggled, running from the kitchen and down the hall toward his bedroom.
"Carrots!"
Peter gave a sad smile to his aunt, turning back to the window. When he was little, his parents would say that a Peter hug could cure anything. But as the boy got older, he saw through all of that. His hugs didn't stop them bleeding or snap their bones back into place, if anything they probably caused more pain. But Tony and Steve always squeezed the boy with all the strength they had left.
"Wanted to make sure I could show you guys," Peter nodded.
"You're always a good boy,"
"The place that Mickey lives,"
"And if we go, I think your aunt and uncles would like to be invited too, don't you think?"
"Does is worry you how worked up Peter gets?" Steve asked. "You know, with people's feelings and not wanting to upset them with, for example, changing juice?"
They hated seeing their son suffer and Tony became crippled with physical pain every time he had to see Peter go through something distressing. Which is why Steve was so proud of the man for coming back into the room calmly, handing the inhaler to Steve along with the plastic spacer.
Peter giggled again, falling back in Tony's arms. Tony caught him, as always, anticipating his squirmy son's movements.
The six year old was sitting in the seat of the shopping cart, laughing madly with raspberry juice running down his mouth. He watched closely as Tony tossed another one at him, opening his mouth wide to catch the red berry coming his way. But, once again, he missed. Luckily Steve caught it, once again, and sighed before holding it up to Peter's lips for him to eat.
"I wish you could just tell me," he pleaded, genuinely distressed.
"Disneyland," Tony nodded.
"Oh, Pete," Steve sighed. "Buddy, what happened?"
"I'm glad we did this," Tony sighed, looking to his husband.
"Yeah?"
A few hours later, when Peter was finally out of balloons and missing one shoe, he made his way back over to his parents. He stood by Steve's side, clinging to his leg, eyes drooping. They knew it was almost time to leave, but they weren't finished making fun of Clint just yet.
"Open mine!" Peter cheered, diving into the pile of gifts to search for the badly-wrapped red ones. "This one's yours dad, and this one for you pop,"
day, remember? You aren't goin' nowhere?" Peter asked, laying upside down on the couch between Steve and Tony.
Peter's eyes opened, staring up at his father with another sleepy groan. No matter how old the boy was, whenever he woke up like this, he always looked like the little baby Steve and Tony used to stare at for hours.
"Good boy," Steve grinned, running his hand through his son's hair. "Alright, pick your apples,"
"Alright, you make a good point," Steve sighed fondly. "Choc-chip or peanut butter?"
"I've got my toothbrush," Peter nodded. "I've got my soap and shampoo and sunscreen,"
"Did you just say something inappropriate to Steve?" Pepper asked, walking up beside him.
Peter let out a squeal of laughter, spotting one of his favourite characters walking around ahead of them. This place was overwhelming for an adult, and Steve couldn't imagine how full-on this was for a child. Tony walked by his side, shades over his eyes and a steady glare on his face as he eyed off the crowds watching them. But anytime his gaze moved to Peter, he melted into an adoring smile as he watched just how happy his son was.
"Whiskey? When have you
There goes their hearts again.
things?"
that. Peter was a child during a time of Gods and aliens and heroes and wars that weren't meant to be fought.
properly," Peter sobbed.
There was no arguing against that look from both his husband and his son. But Steve was adamant that Peter wasn't going to get crazy with candy tonight. He was two years old. There was a sugar limit, and Steve would do his best to enforce it.
"More than he could ever imagine,"
"Open your mouth," Steve told him gently.
"But...then no cereal?"
worse than the stupid crap I deal with."
"Daddy, you have to go get ready!"
"I can't pick. Maybe just the apple juice, cause I like sharing with Uncle Bruce," Peter nodded.
"Sorry," Peter sighed, giving his father those eyes that both parents were so weak for.
"Oh...oh n-no...I did not mean to-"
"I eats lots of Cheerios daddy," Peter told him seriously.
"They're not important,"
Peter tried not to get too excited.
"I...I really wanna see Mickey," Peter admit, sitting up slightly to look between his parents, readying himself.
"How did you finish that one already?"
"We'll get on the railroad soon, buddy. Didn't you want to go straight to Mickey's?"
"I jus' wanna say hello," he whined. "Jus' wanna say fank you,"
"Nuh uh! You can't go the groceries without me," Peter frowned. "We all gotta be here,"
The party was in full swing when they arrived as a group, dispersing among the crowd. Peter spotted his friends over by the candy and began to take off, only to be pulled back gently by Steve. He whispered into his son's ear, a soft reminder of being sensible with the candy and not making himself sick like last year. Steve knew his warning was mostly useless.
"Well, it might not be the party you're used to Petey, but what do you think about some pizza and movies with all of us tonight?" Tony asked, rubbing his son's arm gently.
"I know. It's okay if you are, though."
Steve gave the boy a relieved grin, pulling him close just once more to kiss his temple.
"Neither do we, buddy," Steve agreed. "But you know what gets me and dad through it all? Coming home to you, Pete. We will
"It's okay Pete, take your time," she sighed, a gentle smile on her lips as she brushed his hair back with her fingers.
sleepy, kiddo," Tony answered.
"Peter
Steve's heart. Every time.
"Can we go on the train, papa?" Peter gasped, his little hands hitting the top of his father's head.
"Maybe pack some extra underwear," Steve added. "In case you go fall in the water or get them dirty,"
Peter looked between his parents, confused.
Clint smirked, turning to the redhead assassin.
"You're a bunny?" Thor chuckled. "We don't have those where I'm from,"
Peter should have been better and sneaking around the tower by now. He knew how to bypass Friday, he knew how to bypass all of his dad's security measures. But sometimes it just wasn't worth the lecture he would get ten minutes later when his father found out.
"Disneyland is a big place, kiddo," Tony continued, reaching out to take his son's hand. "And it might be a little scary too, with all the people around,"
Twenty minutes later, Peter finally unwrapped the huge box that took up most of the space beneath the tree. Tony was glad that he filmed Peter's reaction to his first-ever pushbike.
"I want the school to know, buddy. No one should have to deal with being bullied,"
Tony never thought he could do it. But here he was, with Peter so perfect and kind and bright, being the father he wished he had for himself. Peter knew just how loved he was, but Tony always needed to tell him. He never wanted Peter to doubt it.
"Oh, Pete, you could never look funny," Steve shook his head.
As if to prove his point, Clint wandered over with a long, tired sigh.
"I don't like whiskey," he shook his head, again. "Ned...said it would help...nerves,"
"But he's not in pain now, Steve. You found a solution, pretty quickly by the way, and took away his pain," he soothed. "We'll get him some gel and teething rings tomorrow, okay? He's asleep now and if he wakes up, you know what to do. Don't be so hard on yourself,"
"But...but what if I'm not sleepy?"
Steve pulled the boy into his arms, squeezing him tight and closet his chest before pressing a long kiss to his cheek. Peter was still giggling, but his arms reached up to wrap around his father's neck and hug back with just as much enthusiasm.
Peter and Steve were the best things to ever happen to Tony, and they were both things that he couldn't ever imagine for himself until they happened on their own.
"I can so," Tony argued. "But you know what? I love you even
"My friend Harry said my glasses look really cool," he told his parents. "And sometimes I let him try them on too,"
"Tony," Steve groaned. "Our son picked our costumes, remember? Our son."
Tony howled with laughter, noticing Steve shake his head and roll his eyes.
day," Peter shook his head. "We can't get it any other day!"
"You've had so many, buddy," Steve sighed.
"Well, daddy's kind of slow, so...so how about we...we stop, yeah?" Tony panted.
"Pete," Steve called out, catching his son out the corner of his eye.
"Something's on your cheek, Pete," Steve narrowed his eyes.
"No,"
"Well, I'm not a pirate, so you're not my Captain,"
"Santa knows daddy is sneaky, that's why I don't get as many presents as you," Tony explained, holding Peter close.
"Tony, stop throwing food," he scolded. "We're literally leaving mess behind us here,"
"Do you guys have to go again?" Peter asked, gripping Steve's uniform with all his might.
"That's a lot," he giggled. "You love me dat much?"
too,"
"What's in your mouth?" Tony asked, pulling Peter's hands away from his face.
eye on me 'cause I used to be so sneaky. And he won't even visit if we're not sound asleep, you know that."
Yes, Tony remembered the circus. Peter hadn't stopped talking about clowns and red noses and balloons since. Hence the costume.
"Hey Pete," Tony began, gathering the boy's attention. "Can I have a hug?"
"I'm just getting the last things sorted," he explained. "Peter's all ready to go,"
"I wish I was normal,"
Later that night, when Peter was finally asleep, Steve called Tony.
"But Tyler went to Mickey's and he got to play on all the rides and have ice-cream and see all the people from my movies! He didn't say it was scary," Peter explained. "I just...I wanna see 'em too, and I don' wanna go without you,"
Tony wrapped his arms around the boy and held him close, pressing a kiss to his forehead as he leaned back and melted into the back of the couch.
"Can you imagine if we did this alone?" Tony asked, turning to his husband.
"But everyone else sees it,"
"It's not like Peter can
getting ears,"
"You gonna share with me?"
They carried on like that for most of the shopping trip. Peter got to make his choices, Tony and Steve got their necessities, and domestic bliss was felt by all. The juice section took the longest to get out of, surprisingly.
. Steve would be mad if Peter's giggle didn't warm his heart so much. He carefully pulled Peter close and righted him, setting him down on his feet and brushing crumbs off his clothes. His room would need a thorough vacuuming.
"Can I have some strawberries too?"
"Oh, Petey," Tony sighed, pulling Peter closer and pressing multiple kisses over his face. "Baby, don't cry,"
"What is it?"
"That's your last one, Peter," he relented, letting the boy waddle over to sit in Tony's lap.
"Steve, he's six,"
to cookies before bed,"
Tony peaked over Peter and smirked at Steve. The soldier was always arguing that Peter was far too much like Tony. This was one of the many instances that Tony really couldn't fight back against it.
Steve frowned at the five year old, shaking his head.
Steve couldn't wipe the smile off his face. They had made a big deal of making sure Peter knew that Christmas was about more than presents. That it wasn't about presents at all. They were just an added bonus. It was just about being together, enjoying the whole day with homemade food and endless cuddles. It would make Tony sick if he didn't enjoy it so much.
"You're a little bunny, aren't you?" Steve cooed, reaching down to press a kiss to his chubby cheek. "What does a bunny do, Pete?"
"Even when I sneaky?"
"A lot of people have eyes that don't work as well as they should, kiddo," Tony explained. "Doesn't mean they're silly. You can still do everything you normally do, but you'll be able to
"What if that happens again?" he asked, referring to the scary attack earlier in the night.
"Don' want it," the boy pouted.
," Tony nodded. "But he's still little, so he's a bunny,"
"You cheer everyone up
"Pete, you could go out there in your underwear and bed hair and MJ would still smile and say 'I do',"
"Mine," Peter cried, shaking his head.
everyone would want glasses now," Tony smiled, lifting his son up for a cuddle. "You're too cute for words, kid. Do you know that?"
"Toothpaste?"
"Are you sure I should go?"
The twelve year old nodded in return, knowing that right now, they were alive and well. But it still hurt to watch what had happened. Peter had watched it all unfold live, his heart hammering away in his chest and his stomach churning in worry. It was like this every time the Avengers responded to a huge attack. Yes, they had survived battles in the past and they were ready for this and they had each other's backs.
Steve led Peter to sit down on the couch, his hand reaching up to cup his cheek gently and lovingly. Whenever Peter got hurt or sick, it physically pained Steve to sit there and witness it without being able to do anything. He winced as Peter groaned in pain, rubbing his cheek.
‘Are you scared?’ Tony laughed, as he started walking, looking around a bit more. ‘You were the one who thought the soldier might be a transformer or something. That isn’t scary?’
‘It sounds too good to be true,’ Steve said unsure. ‘You know what, I’ve got nothing to lose, even if this is just a thing to stall time before the cops are here. I’ll take the job. Food and money. It would be stupid to say no to that.’ He took another bite of his banana.
Tony showed the map. Steve studied it for a minute, before he nodded. He stretched his legs a little, while the others settled on the sled.
Steve sat on his bed and stared at his phone. He hadn’t moved for at least five minutes, his muscles didn’t seem to work anymore. He just couldn’t stop looking at the text message James had send him.
'Probably not the guy who hit him,' Tony muttered, but he thanked the doctor and entered the room anyway, still clutching the bag.
'Then try to break the magic spell and make me tall Steve forever?'
Tony pushed a button. The closet opened and a human sized version of Iron Man stepped out. It walked around the room, did a few superhero poses, while several lights flickered and there were lasers coming out of his hands.
But then he saw it. Right next to the laptop was a fruit bowl and it was filled with shiny apples, juicy grapes, and beautiful oranges. Steve’s stomach rumbled. He hadn’t eaten in two days and the fruit looked so good. He just couldn’t stop himself. He made his way to the bar and grabbed a banana. A banana would fill him up more than any of the other fruits and it was quicker. So he peeled the banana and took a bite. Steve almost moaned. He couldn’t remember the last time he ate fruits. It was way too expensive for him, so he enjoyed this to the fullest. When he finished it he dropped the peel in the trashcan. He wanted to walk to the coffee table to get the Starkpad, he really wanted, but when he walked past the fruit again he just had to take another piece. Steve grabbed another banana and took a big bite.
Steve laughed and it made Tony’s heart jump a little. Good to know that this man was not just hot, he was also kind of cute.
'Yes, it helps a lot!' Tony smiled happily. He showed the construction and together they bound the feathers to the wooden frame. There were so many feather that it took them three days to attach them all. But when they were done, they looked amazing. Tony had a hard time waiting for Saturday to come around again. When it was finally the weekend again, the young prince woke up early and hurried to the hill. Steve was already waiting for him.
The man let go. Tony pulled his arms back. He wish he could rub his shoulders, but he wasn’t going to take his suit off in front of this lunatic.
Julia nodded, but didn't look at Steve. Sam told him to stop asking questions, because Julia might stop talking, but Steve knew that if he stopped now, they'd definitely didn't get answers.
'Me too,' said Cassandra.
Okay, this was the first time he had seen the man, but Steve was really polite as he introduced himself, he asked interesting questions, and made funny comments. Tony decided he was perfect. He wanted to know everything about Steve. He wanted to know how he looked underneath those clothes, he wanted to know how long he could hold his breath, he wanted to know which of his parents was responsible for the gorgeous blond hair, he wanted to know his shoe size, he wanted to know fucking everything.
'Where?' Steve asked unsure.
‘You’re so boring!’ Tony whined. ‘I’ll do it, but this is worth at least five of the favors I owe you. I only ever asked you for small favors and this is huge.’
'Are you mine?' Tony asked surprised. 'Are you my guardian dragon?'
'In my defense, I was an in the closet gay teenager with no friends. Captain America was wearing booty shorts as he punched Hitler in the face, it was a turn on,' Tony defended himself. 'But I’ll be a good boy and cheer the real one up. Or at least make him stop pouting and come with us.'
‘I will,’ Steve answered as he took the card. Tony gave him a brilliant smile before he hurried after Obadiah.
'I'll try to seduce Tony then, he is more my type anyway,' Steve smiled. 'Cop marries prostitute. That would make an interesting headline.'
'Lucky bastard!' Tony said with a fake pout. 'So what do I call you? We're stuck here for at least another hour. I have a reputation to uphold.'
Tony grinned widely when he heard that. 'You know what, I might be able to help you with that dream. There is this cute little store around the corner that has been empty for months. What about you and I go out for lunch and talk some business?’
Steve laughed. 'He is kind of hot, but I'm not in love with him. Did I tell you he's a cop? He's researching illegal prostitution. He asked me if I was forced to work there, that kind of things. I never slept with him, we just talked. I think it's a good thing they're doing something about it, so I gave him names of guys I suspect are forced, like Julia and Cassandra. He talked to them too. I even helped some of them to tell their story.'
Steve grinned at Bucky in the mirror.
Rhodey sighed. ‘Don’t you understand? If he Googles my name he will find my Facebook and my LinkedIn and he will see that it’s not your picture on there, but mine. He won’t know we’re friends, because you don’t have a profile on either of those websites, so what will he thing? He’ll think you stole some random name and used it to get him. This won’t end well, Tones. You’ve really gotta talk to him.’
‘I…,’ Steve started, looking at the floor. ‘I was just really hungry.’
'Go away.'
'I promised and I said I'd pay, so yes, let's go!'
'So, any hot chicks coming to see your work tonight?' Bucky asked. 'Because I want to try out your new flirting technique.'
‘Keep it, it looks better on you than it does on me,’ Steve said, before he kissed Tony. He had missed those lips more than he would ever admit out loud.
Steve pushed the car key in Tony's hand. 'You drive.'
Being a genius could be very nice thing. Not only did Tony get a lot of work done, but at the same time he could plan what to say to Steve next time he saw him. Not that he had trouble talking, fuck no, the opposite. He said too much and he didn't want to scare the hot guy away. Although Steve seemed like he could handle it, he handled his hobo look after all. It was all bullshit, Tony knew it. He just wanted an excuse to think about the walking wet dream without having to admit to himself that he was fantasizing about him. Tony Stark didn't fantasize, he was a man of action!
'Bucky talked to him,' Sam said. 'Told him everything he needed to know. He also said he really enjoyed working with you.'
'You can all get up,' Sam said with a kinder voice than he had used before. 'We'll have to take you to the station. You won't be charged for prostitution, but we do want to talk to all of you. You can all go and get your clothes, buy don't change yet. You're more anonymous in these clothes and you might like that, since there is a lot of press outside.'
Steve pulled his coat a little tighter around him as he walked through Manhattan. It was only three in the afternoon, but it was crowded, and that was exactly why Steve was there. He was completely out of money, he was about to be kicked out of his apartment, and the only way he would get some food in his belly tonight was by pickpocketing.  He had never stolen anything in his life before and his heart was beating too fast. Although that could also be palpitations, you never knew with a heart like his. But it was true that he was really nervous. He had tried to slip his hand in the pocket of a guy on the subway, but it felt like everyone was staring at him.
Being a gay couple didn't help. Being Tony Stark didn't help either, he had false reputation that made people distrust him. But Tony would find a way. He always did. Money could do so much in this world.
‘If I don’t pay my rent today I will be kicked out of my house,’ Steve said, looking straight at the other man now. ‘I had a job, but I got fired, because I was sick all the time. I got paid so little that I couldn’t afford my medication. I tried to get a new job, but nobody wanted to hire me. I haven’t eaten in two days. If I end up on the streets I’ll die! I have asthma, I have a heart condition, if I become homeless I’ll be dead within a week. When I saw the fruit my only thought was that it would help me survive a little longer.’
Bucky couldn't stop laughing. He laughed until there were tears in his eyes. 'Things like that only ever happen to you!'
Steve walked into the living room and was surprised to see both Sam and Bucky watching television. There was some sort of sports game on and they were both so into it that they didn’t even notice Steve at first. Only when he took the beer from out of Sam’s hand and took a sip did his friend look up.
‘He’s probably somewhere where there’s food around,’ Sam said. ‘I’ll check the shops, you check the offices?’
‘You only like it because it was your teenage masturbation dream that suggested it,’ Clint said as he crossed his arms.
Tony played along and wrapped an arm around Steve, his hand resting on Steve's ass. 'Maybe I'll give it a try.'
‘Thanks for the vodka, Tony!’ Bucky said as he moved aside to make place for an extra guest on the couch.
'Is he blond? Is he tall? Is he...pretty?' Tony asked.
'Ronan's men are trying to get him out through a back door,' Tony whispered. 'Some of them are fighting your colleagues. The blue-haired girl behind the bar is fast! That Bucky guy can give nice punches with his left arm.'
'I could have known,' Steve answered. 'Well, hundreds of years ago the royal family saved the dragons from civilians who tried to kill them, for eating their cattle. They made agreements: the dragons protect the lands in exchange for food. But they made a special arrangement with the royal family. Every prince or princess would get their own guarding dragon, one that is born in the same year as the child.'
Steve grabbed his wallet and his keys and put them in his pocket. ‘I wasn’t kidding about that year of dusting duty in the living room,’ he said. ‘You owe me, James Buchanan Barnes. No amount of toilet cleaning is going to get you out of this.’
‘Yes, and you destroyed it,’ Steve chuckled. ‘I’m afraid the technology died with the person who actually made it, so you’re going to get old, mister Stark. I’m sorry.’
The words hardly left his mouth when Steve realized that Bucky had shrunk. Whomever he was hugging, it was not his friend. Immediately he let go again and stepped back, eyes wide in horror. A guy with a neatly trimmed goatee and a big grin turned to face him. He quickly checked Steve out from head to toe.
'Go, have fun, make some friends,' Jarvis told Tony with a smile when they finally arrived at the playground.
'You have your own company?' Steve said surprised.
Tony used the opportunity to fly out of the room. He made quick work of the rest of the main floor, flying was way faster than walking, especially in heavy armor. He moved to the next floor, but no sign of humans, or dragons, at all. It was the same on the second floor, although it looked like someone had been using some of those rooms and there was actually food in the kitchen. Tony told himself that that meant that this soldier was not a robot. He needed food. Or maybe it was for the woman who was fighting Clint, but he wanted to believe it was for the soldier too.
‘Wait, you’re supposed to wear a white flower,’ Rhodey said as he pulled Tony back. ‘Also, it’s cold outside, so take your jacket, wear this flower in the button hole.’
'I still don't believe in true love's kiss,' Tony said.
‘Have you even called your crew to ready your plane?’ Clint asked. ‘Because if you didn’t, we’re not flying anytime soon. I’m not going to wait hours to wait for permission to depart and sleep in an uncomfortable chair when I can sleep in a bed.’
'Not unless she's dying,' Steve grinned.
‘Fucking hell, when I found him in that tower the first thing he asked me if I was his true love. He mentioned it like a hundred times or something, I thought he was just desperate after seventy years of celibacy. Oh fuck man, Captain America is just a scrawny guy at night.’
‘No,’ Steve said as he stepped away from Tony, who’s hand was still on his back. ‘Why would you do this for me? Why do you want me to cook for you? How would you know I wouldn’t try to poison you?’
‘Would be nice to have someone like you next to you in bed to press your cold feet against,’ Tony joked. ‘I don’t like to get cold in bed.’
'Well, I know guys are forced to do this kind of job,' Tony explained. 'And all the security is not only to keep customers in check, but also to make sure none of you will try to run away.'
Steve wanted thank Clint, but at that moment there was a loud alarm going off. Natasha jumped up and dragged the others to the debriefing room. Nick Fury was already waiting for them with a handful of agents. Behind him a television showed a gigantic robotic monster that was destroying New York.
‘How were the two of you classmates?’ Tony asked. ‘He’s forty and you’re like twenty-five or something.’
The plane was already waiting for them. The pilots were a little grouchy, because they had waited for such a long time, but the stewards were nothing but smiles and friendliness. Steve lingered a little, looking at the jet. He was looking at the motors when Tony grabbed his arm and dragged him inside.
‘Stark isn’t going anywhere,’ Fury said, not very surprised about Clint’s entrance.
'Mister Stark?' a doctor asked. 'We're done. You can see him now.'
'Oh, great, my true love is a whiny and needy man,' Steve joked before kissing Tony again. 'I'm going to take a shower. There is blood in my hair and dust in my nose.'
Tony stepped inside and looked at the tall blond man that was leaning against the desk. He looked completely different from the man in drag, except for his smile.
'Oh, I'm sorry, this is just amazing,' Steve said, still having a hard time tearing his eyes away. 'Director Fury gave me my contract. I hoped you wanted to help me with it.'
‘What are you talking about?’ Tony asked. ‘He is amazing, Rhodey, I think he and I could be great together. He laughs at my dumb jokes! Nobody laughs at my dumb jokes.’
'What about you keep the fifty dollar and spend them on a date, next weekend.
Steve had gotten over most of his health problems. He got better and stronger, while his mother got sicker and weaker.
'My repulsors are hot, that's why I was the cheapest option,' Tony groaned.
‘Me too,’ Steve said, as he watched James get in his car and drive off. It was getting more chilly outside, but Steve didn’t notice it when he walked home. The warmth in his chest spread through his entire body and it was the best feeling in the world.
The moment the guy looked at Steve, Steve felt his cheeks heat up. He really needed to get himself under control! He put on a smile and raised his hand to greet the other guy. The closer the guy came, the more nervous Steve got. He really was a beautiful man. Steve never really cared about facial hair on a guy, but this man had a neatly trimmed goatee, and he rocked it. He had a wonderful olive complexion and dark hair that had a slight curl to it. But his eyes stood out most. They were a beautiful shade of brown and his eyelashes would make any woman jealous.
Steve thanked the man and shook his hand before he walked out of the club and went home.
‘I have a tower full of super heroes, I’m sure there are a few who would love to fight dragons and save your soldier in distress,’ Tony said. ‘I’m not the knight in shining armor type.’
‘Me too,’ Tony answered. ‘Tell me if I go to fast, but maybe we could meet Sunday, for lunch or coffee or something? I know that’s in two days and it’s really soon, and I don’t want to sound desperate, but…’
Tony had skipped school, no matter how angry his parents were going to be. That day he had promised himself he would do anything to make sure Steve would never have to cry anymore.
‘Hey, good to see you,’ Steve said when he spotted Tony.
Steve shook his head before he pulled away from Tony's hands. In seconds the dragon turned into a familiar, tall, blond, human again.
‘I don’t want to bother with burying your body, thank you very much!’ Tony groaned as he started to undress. He was wearing his under suit for the armor underneath his clothes, so thankfully he didn’t have to stand in his underwear in the freezing cold. The moment all his clothes were off he called the armor and within seconds it was wrapped around him, clicking all the pieces safely together.
No one ever expected to get such great results in such a short time. Steve and Tony were a great team and worked really well together. Steve gained the trust of the guys, while Tony knew exactly how much he had to push to make the guys give the answers he wanted. They wanted to go for two more stories before asking the guys to make an official statement.
After a major incident Tony had built himself a metal suit of armor. He had used it to get out of some caves in Afghanistan, where a bunch of terrorists had forced him to make weapons. Safely back in New York, Tony made a new suit, a better suit, one that could fly and named himself Iron Man. He used it to help others, to save people’s lives. He was the very first superhero and people loved him!
'Mister Stark, how can I help?' Steve asked.
‘He is, but he’s not as much into guys as I am,’ he answered.
'Being too serious?' Bucky asked. 'Yeah, Stefanie is really good in his work and he wants you to talk to Julia again. Go there tonight and let her approach you. Stefanie will be really grateful.'
Steve was a little nervous. He was a bit early in the restaurant and he was surrounded by couples, who’s tables were covered with flowers and candles. Everyone seemed to know he was waiting for a date, and with every minute that past, Steve felt more uncomfortable. It felt like people were looking at him, like they were pitying him, and he felt like a fool, sitting there with that white flower in his breast pocket. He didn’t even know who he was waiting for!
Right after Tony graduated he moved. He didn’t want to stay in his parent’s house any longer. He got himself a huge tower in Manhattan, a place with less bad memories. Jarvis gladly tagged along with his new boss. Steve moved in as well and Tony had restarted Stark Industries. Business was more successful than ever and Tony earned more money than his father had before. He used it to help Steve paying for art school.
They kept glancing in the direction of Julia and after about ten minutes she finally made her way to the bar. Steve and Tony were practically wrapped around each other by that time, but with Julia around they stepped away from each other a little.
'Dragons can't talk,' Steve said. 'Something about vocal chords and fire breathing that doesn't go well together. I don't know the details either. Did I scare you?'
Clint was a social worker at a school and an orphanage, so he was their expert on kids and what kind of things kids would like. Tony thought Clint knew so much because he was pretty childish himself sometimes. Pepper had told him he and Clint were very much alike sometimes.
Tony took a business card out of his pocket. ‘This is my number. Text me your address and I’ll pick you up for coffee tomorrow.’
'I thought I didn't have any appointments today!' billionaire Tony Stark whined. 'I wanted to work in my lab until tomorrow morning.'
Steve looked up in surprise. ‘Is that…,’ he started. ‘Is that artificial intelligence? He told you I was here, didn’t he?’
‘Yes, please, that sounds like a little too much info,’ Bruce sighed.
'Congratulations, that is great!' Steve said immediately. He stood up and shook their hands, but ended up hugging them both as well, this was just amazing news.
'Good, I'm not good at sharing,' Tony grinned.
'How did you do that?' Sam asked when Steve walked in again. 'I tried to get rid of him a few times, but he is persistent!'
Steve laughed. 'Thank you. Also thank you for remembering. So, what is with the apron?'
‘Get off my plane,’ Tony sighed. ‘I can do this on my own, I don’t want you there.’
'You're in for a threesome?' Steve grinned and he pulled Tony into their hug. 'Happy anniversary, Tony.'
Steve didn't know what to think of it, but he hoped nobody had seen it. Of course he had no such luck. His friends had been watching.
'I wanted to take you to Paris, like we did on our honeymoon, but you had to work, so we're going to Paris next week,' Tony started. 'But I needed something for today as well and the bunny wasn't really enough. I cooked dinner, so I could ask you if you wanted dinner, a bath, or dessert first. The dessert being me, of course. So, what do you want first: a bath, dinner, or desert?'
‘The hell I am,’ Tony said. ‘I’m moving back to my home in Malibu. I’ve been your lap dog for too long, I’m out of here. I’ve been helping you out for years and you won’t even help me with this pest problem.’
Steve dropped his backpack and peeked into the car as well. It looked pretty bad. Overheated motor, but there was probably more damage, it was hard to see with the smoke.
‘Yes sir, his name is Steven Grant Rogers and everything he has told you so far is true,’ a voice from the ceiling said.
'Nat, this is Tony Stark, Tony, Natasha Romanoff. And you must be Clint,' Steve introduced everyone. He shook Clint's hand. 'I'm Steve Rogers, nice to meet you. Sorry we attacked you, but when people break in, we have to stop them.'
'I'd know,' Steve complained. 'Small Steve has asthma, heart problems, and a hundred other things. Tall Steve can jump out of helicopters, get smashed by giant robots and punch Hitler in the face.'
Steve followed the agent. They ran through the hallways to the room where his suit was. He wasn't even in the room yet and he had already taken his shirt off. This was a matter of life and death, so he had to be quick. Within a minute he had changed into his new uniform. It suited him perfectly and felt comfortable. Steve hung his shield on his back, before he headed out to the helicopter platform. Clint was waiting for him there.
But thankfully, after two days of breaking his head on this ass problem, his best friend Rhodey walked into his office.
Stark Tower was even more impressive in real life than it was on the picture Steve had seen. The hallway was huge and light. People were walking in and out, half of them were on the phone. Steve could hardly believe someone lived here. Natasha walked to the reception desk and talked to the man who was working there. It took a few minutes, but then he pointed to a separate elevator and Steve and Natasha were on their way up.
‘Did he pay for the food?’ Sam asked.
'I did,' confessed Steve with a grin.
They had confessed their crush two weeks before they went on their first date. Steve had been flustered when he had confessed that he liked Tony, and Tony could not have been happier. He had gaped and stuttered, but eventually he managed to say he felt the same. They had giggled like girls for half an hour before they could talk normally again. They hadn't told anyone else, kept it a secret. They were young, but not stupid, they knew what the world thought of their relationship. So they went mountain biking on their first date. Tony just turned sixteen and had his drivers license, so he drove them out of town, two bikes in the trunk.
While Buddy was talking, Tony couldn’t stop eyeing the plate of donuts.  They looked so damn tasty and Steve had promised he made icing in different flavors. It would be a waste not to try them all. Tony couldn't stop himself. He approached the blond and took another donut.
Pepper was the CEO of Stark Industries and she only attended the meeting because it was the first one and she didn't want Tony to screw up. Yeah, she was just babysitting him.
‘Is this your bird?’ the guy hissed.
As he ate another donut, he thought about Steve. He liked the man. He had humour, looked good, and more importantly, he treated Tony like any other person. But he couldn't ask him on a date. There had been too many people around. At least one of them would have leaked to the press and he would be called a playboy again. He wasn't, not anymore. He wanted people to stop treating him like one. It was his own fault, he knew that, but that didn’t make it any easier.
'Tony,' Tony introduced himself. He noticed the game controllers on the table.  'You guys are going to play some games? Tell me next time. I modified my Xbox and some of the games. They're way more fun to play now. You can borrow it sometimes, if you want.'
‘My… night problem,’ Steve whispered. ‘Clint found out yesterday.
Steve shivered. 'Let's finish our drinks. I have a room waiting upstairs, no need to hurry.'
‘Yes, which is in about an hour, so why don’t you suit up and go help him already?’
'Jeans aren't very comfortable though, even if they're short,' Steve said as he searched through his bag. He found a pair of pajama bottoms. 'You can wear these.'
They found the car Fury had prepared for them, with a map and directions. Tony climbed behind the wheel and Clint sat down in the passenger seat. Luckily Clint was good with maps and he had a natural sense of direction, so they easily found their way to the Shield base. It was freezing and even with their thick coats they still felt cold. Tony reminded himself of all the stupid super heroes in his house. When he would finish this job he would get his tower back! This was all going to be worth it! It better be worth it!
‘Why do you need my help then? Need me to go shopping with you and dress you up like prince charming? I can do that. I’m pretty much a fairy godmother.’
'Don't jump, you'll hurt yourself!'
‘Ready to fly?’ Steve asked.
'Bit nervous,' Steve said. 'A drink would help, but we're not allowed to have alcohol.'
It didn't matter what Tony said, everyone believed he had done something stupid. Again. The hate mail got worse and sometimes people were waiting for him outside the hotel only to yell at him. Things got out of hand and the press made up story after story. So Tony had to hide in a place people wouldn't expect him to stay, and that was a neighborhood with linked houses. He had to drive a boring car, he had to clean everything himself, but worst of all, everything was so small!
'See you in New York.'
‘You look even better than the last time I saw you,’ he said softly.
It had been an hour since they were done with his stitches, but yet he still found himself in the hospital. He was walking up and down the hallway, clutching his phone and the guy's bag. Tony felt guilty. He hated feeling guilty, especially when there was nothing he could do. Normally he'd pay people, give them presents, and things were done with. But what if he permanently damaged this guy? Nothing in the world could make up for that. No amount of money could make that right.
‘My windows are closed,’ Steve said as he walked back into the living room, Sam following closely behind. ‘As should yours be when you let your birds out of their cage. But let’s check the balcony. Which one escaped?’
Steve grinned. 'I'll think about it. But I would miss you a lot.'
‘I could warm you up,’ Steve offered.
Tony took a bite anyway and smiled as Buddy was very critical about the shape as well and also complained about the taste.
‘I’m happy for you, really, Tony better not break your heart, or I’ll break his bank account. You know what, I’m feeling a lot better. Go grab us some beers, I’m gonna kick your ass in Mario Kart.’
'Me too.'
‘I know!’ Bucky said. ‘Now hurry up, or you’ll be late.’
‘That is even worse than Team New York,’ Bruce said.
‘He thinks he can solve this with true love’s kiss,’ Clint said. ‘How do you know that?’
‘And you have to get your hand off my ass,’ Steve said as he grabbed said hand and held it in his own. To make sure it wouldn’t happen again, of course. ‘I have to be nice, we used to be classmates.  If you’re not supportive, you won’t get any support in return and you need all the positive feedback you can get as an artists. So you have to show up and act like it’s amazing and perfect and you’re very happy for them.’
'STEVE!' Tony shouted when he saw the robot arm hit his friend. He flew down and landed next to him. With all the strength of his suit he pulled the arm away, revealing a tiny, scrawny, Steve, who was panting heavily, but didn't look harmed. Tony sighed in relief.
'Tony, can we help you?'
By the end of the day Tony ended up on his couch, eating pizza, drinking too much beer, and watching television. He didn't even notice that Clint walked in, until the archer dropped down next to him on the couch.
'Steve Rogers, graphic designer. Nice to meet you mister Stark. I have to admit I was a little late myself.'
‘Long story,’ Steve said. ‘And it’s been seventy years. We weren’t even dating seriously yet, so I’m over it by now.’ Steve looked up at Tony, who was still standing. ‘Can I ask you a, well, more personal question?’
'What time is it?' Tony asked with a raw voice.
Tony huffed. ‘The Maria Stark Foundation has paid a lot of money to set up more food banks, so everyone would have access to them. Now you’re telling me there isn’t one in your neighbourhood? Tell me where you live and I’ll give them a call to set one up right now.’
'Cupcakes are very inconvenient to eat during a business meeting,' Tony said after he swallowed his bite. 'It's always a bit awkward to take a bite, because you don't want your nose covered in mocha cream. I'd eat this things on my own and then I don't mind colourful. They do taste very good though. Like coffee, but not in a way that makes your breath smell like coffee the next few hours. Really nice.'
Steve frowned. 'Are you alright?'
His mood changed when he felt an arm around his waist. Slowly Steve turned to face the person who was holding him, and it's exactly who he feared it would be.
‘Yeah, and the fact that you actually managed to get in here shows skill and determination,’ Tony answered as he pushed Steve into the kitchen. ‘Try cooking something for me, make enough for the both of us, I can’t stand hearing your stomach rumble like that, it makes me hungry. I’ll give you a six month trial period, but I will pay you a decent salary. You cook lunch and dinner for me and at the same time you can make some for yourself. J.A.R.V.I.S. can help you with grocery shopping and new recipes, if you need any. I’ll pay for your medication and I’ll pay your rent until you get your first paycheck. Sounds fair to you?’
'Thanks,' Steve said as he took Tony's hand. Tony pulled him up he feet and wrapped two metallic arms around him, before taking off. He flew them to the Shield building and landed on the helicopter platform. Steve stumbled and almost tripped over his too big boots. He took them off and hurried to his room. He didn't want anyone to see him like this.
‘Thanks,’ Steve answered, a smile on his face. ‘Guess your ex really lost interest in showing off his beautiful new girlfriend. We didn’t see him all night.’
Tony threw something against the wall. The robots immediately started cleaning up. Tony hated himself for being angry. He never cared what others thought of him, so it bothered him how much he cared about what Steve thought. Maybe he just wanted his childhood hero to like him, maybe he had hoped someone had finally liked him for who he was. Sure his two best friends liked him, but normally people judged him, or tried to get some money out of him. Steve hadn't been like that. Not at first at least. Tony just kept himself buried in work to forget about those harsh words.
Everyone gathered their things and got up from their chairs. They greeted each other and left the room. Tony walked back to his desk, the meeting had been in his office, and peeked over his shoulder to catch a glimpse of that ass again. Only to look straight into Steve's eyes. Or more like straight at those perfect pecs, because Steve was so damn tall.
'Where is he?' he hissed.
‘No,’ Tony answered. He was arms deep into some robot that he was trying to fix. There was grease all over him and the goggles messed up his hair.
He retired when he was seventy. Tony told him he could stay, but he wanted to move, to have more people his age around. Tony made sure he got into the best place he could wish for! They still visited him often and picked him up to eat with them at least once a week.
'Worst night of my life,' Tony answered. 'Normally hot people only snuggle with me after sex. In a king size, super soft bed.'
'Yes, actually, but if I had known something pretty like you was hiding here I would have showed up months ago,' Tony flirted. 'But you keep looking at the door. Were you waiting for someone?'
Winter takes a step back, his breathing becoming rapid. He can vaguely hear the kid talking about the display, not yet noticing Winter’s panic. Peter is commenting on the soldier’s picture and how he resembles Winter. However, all Winter can hear is the blood pounding in his ears. Why does that name feel so familiar? Who the hell is Bucky? Why does he feel like he should know who that is? Were they friends? But this ‘Bucky’ has been dead since the 40s…
“Who’s Stevie?” Peter’s words knocked Winter back into the present. He blinked away the dazed thoughts. Stevie? Why’d I say Stevie? Who was that blonde boy? Peter was looking at him curiously, a hint of concern flooding his eyes. “Winter?”
They were about halfway through the movie, Peter had already eaten about half of the pocket when he angled the bucket towards Winter. “C’mon, try some.”
“You’re Bucky. Bucky Barnes, my best friend. Bucky how the hell are you… I saw you die…” Steve took a couple steps towards the Winter Soldier. It was making Tony nervous to have his boyfriend get so close to a dangerous assassin, but Steve has mentioned a Bucky before. A friend from his past, but that friend died. And even if he didn’t die from that fall, how was he still alive all these years into the future, not having aged a day?
Next Chapter: Peter meets all his favorite heroes! Meanwhile, Bucky learns more about James "Bucky" Barnes.
“Uncle Winter?” Winter heard the kid call quietly from his own bed.
The Winter Soldier frowned at Steve. “Who the hell is Bucky?”
“You’re Captain America, but I’m assuming that’s not the answer you’re looking for?” Bucky responded with hidden emotion to Steve. Spider-Man decided to shift slightly at that point, which brought the Avengers eyes to him. Spider-Man hid behind the Winter Soldier even further, while Bucky glared at the gathered team. “What do you want? We aren’t with Hydra anymore. We left, so leave us alone.”
Because of everything that was happening, Tony had forgotten about the other heat signature, until Friday came on the line to warn him that she detected on right above their heads. Tony looked up with weapons raised, but couldn’t see into the the tall, dark ceiling. He turns back to the Winter Soldier. “Tell the Spider-Man to come down.”
Bucky and Peter are followed and caught.
Bucky just gave Natasha an annoyed, ‘why’re you so stupid’, look. “This kid is Spider-Man,” Bucky put a protective arm around the child behind him. The child that was still looking at the Avengers with slight fear in his eyes. Shit this kid thought they were going to kill him.
**************************
“Well, I can’t remember the last time I saw a movie. And we have the extra cash, so why not. They are playing some movie called Frozen. I have no idea what it’s about,” Winter responds simply as he pulls up to pay for their tickets, then parks the car in the designated spots.
So, Spider-Man’s name is Peter. Tony files this information away for later and nods along to what Bucky is saying. “Of course, I would want nothing, but the best for the child.”
Peter was paused in front of a display when he calls for Winter. “Whoa! Winter! Come look at this!” Peter is grinning widely and pointing at a display of a World War II soldier.
The next time Winter has a flashback, it’s at a museum. More specifically, the Captain America museum. Something about this place rubs him the wrong way. It’s like he has an itch under his skin that he can’t scratch. Every nerve in his body is screaming ‘leave’. He wants to do just that, but then he looks at Peter. The boy is hopping excitedly between displays. Peter was the one that saw the advertisement for this place. And since it is free, Winter figured it would be okay to spend a couple hours at the place.
After hearing that, the Avengers lowered their weapons. Of course they wouldn’t hurt a child. Natasha spoke up from where she was still glaring suspiciously at Bucky. “Why the fuck do you have a kid? Where’s the Spider-Man?” Tony almost didn’t think about that in his shock of this child dropping from the fucking ceiling. Where the hell did the Winter Soldier get a kid? He didn’t kidnap him right?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can… can I come sleep with you?” Peter sounded so small and scared at the moment. He must have woken up from a bad dream.
“Do you think Hydra cares about that? They will capture and train anyone to be their puppets,” Tony couldn’t help, but notice the bitter tone to Bucky’s voice.
They found him. The bastard Winter Soldier that killed his parents. The Avengers managed to track him and the Spider-Man down and cornered them into an abandoned warehouse away from town. Tony was going to find this guy and bring him to justice by any means necessary. The Avengers were entering the warehouse with guns drawn. Tony could detect two heat signatures further into the building. They burst into a room where they find the Winter Soldier standing in the middle of the room, alone, with his hands up and gun on the floor a few feet in front of him.
Bucky lowered his arms and reached around him to pat Peter’s head in a comforting manner. “It’s okay,” He gave the Avengers a pointed look. As if saying, ‘I dare you to come close to the kid’. “They aren’t going to hurt you.”
“You’ll see,” Winter replies nonchalantly. “It’s a surprise.”
Winter swallows around the lump in his throat. What was that? Who was that? A memory? He shakes his head. Deal with it later, take care of Peter now. He sighs and nods to Peter. “I’m okay. Just overwhelmed, I guess. It’s getting a bit crowded. Are you ready to get out of here?”
The man started laughing loudly, adding to Steve’s surprise.  What was going on?
‘The hell was that about?’ Sam asked.
Tony took off his helmet and pulled his fingers through his hair. ‘My house is full of losers in spandex, because some idiot decided it’s illegal to be a super hero now! They all want to be my sidekick. I have like two hundred people in my tower and I can’t get rid of them! So you better hire them all and spread them over the world or something, because I’m not having a sidekick and I’m not letting any of them stay in my house any longer.’
‘Gentleman!’ Fury interrupted again. ‘I’m happy you all get along, but we have a few more things to discuss. The Captain will be your team leader, he will be the one giving the orders and you will listen to him.’
'You must be Scott,' she said as she let him in. 'I'm Nebula, I run this place. We don't use real names here, identity protection, so what can I call you? You have a stage name?'
'If that's it, he is being childish,' Natasha said. 'It was just a joke and he knew that too.'
'Deal!' Steve grinned.
‘Who are you, and what are you doing in my bedroom?’ Tony asked.
'You don't look too sad about losing,' Tony pointed out.
'Rogers,' Steve answered. 'Steve Rogers.'
It was all very clear for Tony. Steve was talking about him. Steve thought he wasn’t a hero, just a man in a flying armor, nothing special. Not a real hero. Tony walked away, fingernails digging in the palms of his hands. He didn’t care, he fucking didn’t need Captain America. This had just been a job to get rid of those losers that took over his tower. As long as Fury got those out of his house, he had what he wanted. Tony walked away and pretended he didn’t care.
‘You have done this before, Legolas?’ he asked Clint.
His policeman for the night hadn't shown up yet. It was only ten o clock, but on Saturdays it got crowded early. Every time the door opened Steve looked up, but it never was their man. He could hear Sam shouting orders, trying to contact the guy from uniform that was supposed to show up.
‘Definitely not!’ Rhodey warned. ‘I don’t care if it’s a guy, a girl, or an asshole, but you’re not taking that blind date home.’
‘After that they were so excited that they got a ride in the ambulance that they didn’t ask anymore questions about Santa,’ Steve said. ‘Also, their mom made them open some presents in all of the chaos to distract them and they didn’t really need Santa anymore this year.’
'I tried to escape once, but they hit me and told me they'd kill my sister. They gave me the tattoo that day, to show everyone that Ronan owns me. I was forced to work in a brothel.  They told me I would get a better life if I behaved. I hoped that if I tried my best they would one day let me go. But they just moved me to a more classy brothel, so they could earn more money. Whenever Ronan's gang gets new people I have to do them for free. Me or one of the others. Today was such a day. I can handle the sex on normal days, but today there were two of them and they were rough.'
‘Don’t you watch the news?’ Clint asked, crouching down and relaxing, like Tony didn’t have his repulsors aimed at him. ‘The government has decided they had enough of all the super heroes. There are too many, it got out of control. Bullshit, of course, our country has never been safer than it’s now. So, yeah, no more heroics for us, unless we don’t mind getting banished from our own country.’
'Your team?' Tony asked surprised. 'I thought Sam was leading the team? Doesn't matter, you can't run in those heels anyway.'
'Did you look like this before you got the serum?' he asked.
‘You do too. In my hoodie,’ Steve replied, trying to sound stern, but he couldn’t stop a smile. ‘I thought I had lost it.’
'Ryan, to the box truck, baby. You really screwed up this time. Ashley, you're safe, you can go.'
‘Give me a lift and drop me off on some roof?’ Clint asked with a smirk.
Their perfect planning was messed up by Nebula.
'Alright, gentlemen, we need to talk to all of you,' Sam said. 'If I call your name, please step forward: Ashley, Tanya, Simone, Cindy and Marilyn.'
Tony eyes widened. ‘You’re thirty-one?’ he asked. ‘For real? Here I thought I was like a dinosaur with a trophy wife, but you’re only four years younger than I am.’
‘So if I get you the engineered guy, you will get rid of all the boys and girls that are hiding in my tower?’ Tony asked, to be sure.
‘Redwing again,’ Sam answered.
'Both of us?' Steve asked surprised. Most of the time Tony and Rhodey would go for a beer together. Steve was fine with that, they had their own friends. He would just steal Bucky from Natasha and go out for a beer as well.
‘Not really,’ Steve said. ‘He might actually be the best wing man in town.’
When Steve arrived at the coffee shop, James just got out of his car. Immediately all Steve’s angry thoughts were gone. James looked amazing and the smile on his face when he spotted Steve was breath taking. Steve knew he should stop this and just tell his date the truth already, but he wasn’t sure if he could. James looked so happy and Steve didn’t want to be the one to wipe that smile off his face. When it would come to it Bucky could be the one to tell him the bad news instead.
The only reply get got was a sob. Tony pulled over and parked the car. The last time Steve cried was when his mother died. This was serious and Tony knew why. He tightly wrapped his arms around his husband.
‘Nat, Fury likes you, just ask him to switch places with Maria?’ Bucky pleaded.
It was a cold and grey day, that reflected their cold and grey feelings.
'I think I'll start searching for a more artistic job,' Steve agreed. 'I just hope Ronan will let me go.'
'Hello again,' said the guy he accidently hugged. 'So these are your pieces?'
'I think it's a great idea!' Sam said. 'Can you design something?'
‘Are you… half robot?’
'Looking good Nat!' Steve complimented her.
‘Oh, yes, about that,’ Tony started, suddenly not looking so happy anymore. ‘There is no ex-boyfriend. I felt really out of place and you didn’t look very comfortable either, so I had to come up with a reason to talk to you. I couldn’t think of any other reason than the ex, and the ex always works. It worked on you too! And we had fun, right?’
'Drop dead!' Tony shouted as he ran out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
When the parachute didn't work they tried changing it into a balloon-like shape. At first they couldn't get air inside it, but Tony found a way to fix that. Cold air didn't do the job though, and they didn't know how to get hot air in the balloon once it was a few meters up in the air. The hot air escaped and the balloon came crashing down again. It was really frustrating.
And they really did work, because a few minutes later the motor started again. Steve beckoned the others to come outside again, while Tony took his place behind the wheel. Clint had a hard time saying goodbye again to the doggies, but Natasha dragged him outside. They all got in the car and Tony drove them to the airport.
‘Let’s hope for a silent night then,’ Tony said with flirty smile.
‘No, no, no, the project is fine, we’re almost there!’ Tony said quickly. ‘The opening is planned for next week. Pepper and Natasha arranged everything. You’re coming too, right?’
'Does my old man have one? I've never seen one, or is he disguised as well?' Tony asked. He had a hundred questions, he didn't understand at all. Why did he never hear about this? Is this why his father wanted him to stop studying?
'You mean Tony?' Steve asked. 'He was here last Saturday, I think.'
‘I seriously hate you right now,’ Steve said as he buttoned his shirt. He looked more casual than last time, they were just going to a coffee shop, no need to look all formal and neat.
It was mostly Steve who planned the funeral, but Tony arranged that they would be the only ones at the graveyard. No paparazzi, no random people visiting who could take pictures, no one, just the two of them and a few of the people who had lived with Jarvis the last years of his life.
'I bet you could do that too if you wore your armor,' Steve said, but there was an amused smile on his face.
‘Alright, my turn to get a round of drinks!’ Steve said as he stood up from the soft purple couch and walked to the bar.
‘Will that help to you on that stage and out of those clothes next?’
Tony had made his way back to his tower, using the platform outside of the penthouse to land, because he was not going to face those people on the ground floor again. He grabbed a bag, made a call to prepare his plane and picked two of his Iron Man suits that could handle the cold. He filled the bag with warm clothes and some interesting technical stuff and threw it all on the backseat of his car. His driver was already waiting for him in the passenger seat. Tony always drove his own cars, but he needed someone to drive his baby back when he got on the plane.
'Insane,' Lauren laughed. 'I can't even make it look that good on someone else, let alone on myself! You should be a make-up artist!'
'It worked,' Steve muttered. 'It worked! I'm healthy again. I can't believe it worked.'
'I won't be in your way,' Tony promised. 'But maybe we can work together? I'd like to help, if possible.'
When Mauro opened the door Tony  pulled his tie straight, stood up straight, and followed the baker into the room. Seven contestants stood behind big workbenches, eagerly watching the door to see who would enter the room. Tony smirked a little when he heard the gasps. He loved the attention. He took his place next to Buddy and smiled at the contestants and the cameras.
'So, what are you doing in New Zealand?' Steve asked.
‘Alright, I’ll just bring the suitcase then,’ Tony sighed. ‘Do I go by car? Helicopter? Plane?’
‘Sorry, I couldn’t help but overhear,’ a familiar voice said, and once again Clint dropped from the vents.
They went back downstairs and gathered their things. Steve put his uniform in his bag and grabbed his shield. Clint had prepared the dogs and was waiting for them at the door. The four of them pulled on some warm winter coats, gloves and hats before they went outside. Steve was the last one to step out. A few seconds he looked longingly into the hall, before he turned off the lights and closed the door. He carried the sled through the hole in the wall. Clint tied the dogs to the sled, while Tony tied up the bags, so they couldn't fall off.
Steve had stayed at the orphanage and Tony finished his studies at MIT, but they met in Tony's house whenever they could. Jarvis had stayed and offered Steve a room. Steve had refused, but he visited Jarvis at least once a week. Jarvis kept an eye on things while Tony was gone.
'Lost family members?' Olivia asked. 'Like my sister?'
‘No, I’m not kidding you,’ Steve answered. ‘It’s the truth. I went on that second date because I liked you too, but I told Bucky to tell you the truth. He refused, not until he wasn’t sure if he and that girl were going to be okay. I didn’t really know what to do anymore.’
'In an hour or two,' said Tony as he checked his watch. 'So I have to hurry and call Pepper about the meeting I was supposed to go to.'
Tony turned in the direction of Steve's voice. He pushed the bushes aside and found his boyfriend sitting on a big rock, enjoying the view of the slowly setting sun. He beckoned Tony to sit next to him.
Suddenly something hit the force field, not too far from his head. Tony jumped back and fell on the ground. He saw an arrow being stuck in the force field. Immediately Tony jumped up and walked to Clint.
‘Tony! You’ve been dating Steve for half a year and you never told me?’ Pepper asked, a bit insulted.
'Prosthetic,' Steve grinned. 'It's metal, gives bad guys a nice blow to the head.'
Steve snorted as he gave Tony his hand. 'Yeah, sure, why not. I'll never be out of a job.'
‘Because I’m going to see if this girl is into me and you’re my best friend and you’re keeping this James interested for me,’ Bucky answered. ‘And because I’m on toilet cleaning duty for a year.’
‘Yeah, a little,’ he answered a bit unsure.
'Camera contact lenses,' Steve grinned. 'I'm sure our teams have found each other by now. Probably having some very unpleasant discussions about sharing information. For once in glad I'm not allowed back inside the station for a while.'
‘Get the hell out of here,’ Tony ordered.
'No, you'll be infiltrating as prostitutes,' Fury butted in, effectively stopping their chatter. 'We'll be working at two different clubs. Club Venus is a place with female prostitutes and The Aurora is one with males dressed as females. Bruce calculated that we’ll have the biggest chance with these places. Rogers, you will go undercover, Wilson, you will monitor him. Follow his every step. Cameras, microphones, I want it all recorded.'
But not so much of a policeman that he would drive separate from the other guys in drag. He got in the back of the van as well and calmed the guys down that were panicking. They were afraid they'd be kicked out of the country, because they illegally entered it. Steve tried to tell them it would be alright.
'All three!' Tony groaned. 'Kiss me again, I need it.'
Only thing left to do was the lightning. Steve's best friend Bucky would come over and help him with it. He was better with the technical stuff than Steve was. And of course Bucky would finally get to see Steve's masterpieces, as he called them. It embarrassed Steve to no end, much to Bucky's liking.
Mountain biking, something manly, just two friends on a trip, nothing suspicious, but they would have some time together. No one would recognize them, no one would disturb them, no one would suspect anything. They parked the car, took the bikes out and went on their way to the top.
'Sounds perfect,' Tony said. He was very good at multitasking and he heard every word while he was ogling Steve. 'Bruce, Clint, I want you to take a look at the floor plans of all three workshops and write me a little report with what you think of it and if it needs any changes. Is there enough science? Is this what kinds want? I need it by the end of the week. Natasha, contact everyone who might be interested in investing in this project. We need more money if we want to make this work, especially if we want to spread this over other cities as well. That's all! Meeting is over, dismissed.'
'You came here because of me, you can't leave without me, and you can't force me,' Steve stated. 'Tomorrow I'll come with you without complaining, but tonight I stay here.'
So yeah, Tony’s life was pretty much perfect. He had everything he wanted, he had everything he could ever dream of. Life was more amazing than it had ever been.
Tony Stark lived a perfectly happy life in his big tower in New York. He had his own company that was doing great, he was a super hero and saved the world every now and then, and he had great friends, coworkers, and lovers. Life was amazing!
‘Yeah, apparently when you finally get the medication and the surgery you need you can have a late grow spurt. I’m a lot healthier now, I can even go to the gym. I know most people don’t like working out much, but it’s really nice to finally be able to run without my lungs burning after a minute.’
'Jarvis,' Tony mumbled.
'I want to talk to Steve before I go,' Tony said, giving the donuts to Happy, who put them in a box. The director walked away to find the baker. 'Happy, you can eat one, but just one!' Tony warned.
'Natasha?' Steve said surprised. 'She was undercover too.'
'Aren't you bored on your own?' Tony asked. 'This is my third day of traveling and I don't see why people like this.'
'I'm so sorry!' Steve said, his face red as a tomato. 'My friend has exactly the same jacket. I'm really sorry!'
Steve laughed. It was a lame joke, but with all the nerves gone and all this hopeful energy racing through his body, all he could do was laugh. He just couldn’t stop anymore and when he was practically slapping his legs from laughing so hard, Tony joined him. The whole situation was just ridiculous and they’d probably look crazy, laughing at a closed ice cream shop in the rain, but they couldn’t stop. It was minutes later when they were both catching their breath.
‘I really don’t care at the moment,’ Steve said. He just didn’t want to leave yet.
'Alright, alright, I'll leave you two love birds alone and drink my coffee at home,' Tony said. 'I'll sleep after that, like a good boy. Sam, you'll get your cup back tomorrow. Bye Steve!'
‘So, if you’re not James Rhodes, then who are you?’ Steve asked.
'Kinky,' Steve grinned. 'What time do we leave?'
Steve stopped walking, wrapped his arms around Tony, and hugged him tightly. Tony was surprised, but gladly returned the hug.
‘Yes, it’s me,’ Steve said, holding back a sob.
Tony grinned. ‘Sounds good. I know just the place!’
‘What are you talking about?’ Steve asked.
Tony smiled and laid his head against Steve’s shoulder. ‘I think I like Steve better than James.’
'It's a good way to promote the workshops,' Natasha said. 'And the money we earn can go back into the project.'
'You sound happy,' Tony said, his face was resting on the table, but Steve could hear the muffled words.
‘Natasha told me about your abilities,’ he said. ‘She kept in contact with us every time she left the castle. I know what you can do. I know it’s been a long time, but I have several agents who are prepared to help you catch up to this new age.’
Buddy agreed. 'If a client is vague and you don't know exactly what he wants, you make a safe choice. Make something sweet, but not too sweet. The pumpkin bread is really well made, but in this case not a good choice.'
'I might have promised to go on a date with him,' Steve said.
Steve bit his bottom lip. 'I'm sorry, he said. 'I'm sorry if I bothered anyone. I was insecure.'
‘Tell me about it,’ Steve said with a heavy sigh. ‘You need a lot of money to get in, and if there’s something artists don’t have, it’s money. So I’m forced to go to these tiny exhibitions to get my name out and hope that one day someone remembers it.’
‘It is! My treat,’ Steve answered as they walked out of the office together.
'I don't think he even likes me,' Sam said with a sigh. 'Only on our gaming days he shows up. Like he has a sensor that starts tingling when you drive by.'
'They made a comic about me?'
'How the hell did you get in?' Tony asked, acting like the blond hadn't scared the hell out of him.
Steve flipped his best friend off. Vodka was way too expensive in a strip club in Manhattan. Even a cheap brand was insanely priced here. For a moment Steve wondered why they didn’t just go to a regular bar, none of them were really paying attention to the strippers anyway. He was rudely awoken from his thoughts when he felt a hand on his ass. Before he could slap it away the guy next to him started talking.
Tony blinked a few times, trying to understand what Clint was telling him. ‘Does that have anything to do with his true love’s kiss?’
‘This is amazing, Steve,’ Pepper said. ‘We can work with this.
'Of course,' Steve answered. 'No problem.'
Steve opened the backdoor with his key. He was hired and got his own key! He was pretty proud of that, he hadn’t done much undercover jobs. But he had been working in this place for a few nights and things were going fine. Nobody suspected a thing. Now that Steve felt accepted by the others and more comfortable he would start some more serious research. He had come early on purpose, hoping he could talk to Olivia without too many others around. Olivia definitely had a tattoo.
'I wasn't sure if you wanted to see me, but the contest is over and I thought I'd bring you some donuts,' Steve said. 'I brought a box with other pastries as well, but I wasn't sure how many people worked with you. I didn't know your company was this big, I don't think I have enough.'
Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding Steve. Tony shielded his eyes and for a few seconds he couldn't see anything. When he opened them again Steve was gone and there stood a big golden dragon in his place. Tony's eyes widened. Slowly he got up and touched the scales. It wasn't an illusion, it was real.
Steve sprinted away, like he wasn't wearing ten centimeter heels. Tony ran as fast as he could, but within no time he got behind and Steve was out of sight.
'Oh, yeah, right, I'll put it over here,' Tony said, feeling a bit awkward. 'I'm really sorry for hitting you with my car. I didn't sleep last night, I shouldn't have stepped in the car this morning. Are your injuries bad?'
‘What’s your name?’ Tony asked.
Tony Stark, genius billionaire, and owner of a multinational company, couldn't focus on his meeting. That wasn't anything new, everyone knew he was easily distracted and preferred working in his workshop over offices and paperwork. But this meeting was about his project, his baby, yet he couldn't focus.
‘Oh my God,’ Clint groaned. ‘You didn’t hear all of it, did you?  Because he wasn’t talking about you, he was talking about himself.’
Tony was having the worst date ever. It was the best date he had been on in years, but he had to act like he was Rhodey, so he couldn’t get attached to this super hot guy. Tony had be on several blind dates in his life, and he had ended up very disappointed most of the time, but this time walking into the restaurant had been a pleasant surprise. James looked like a model. He was tall, had nice blond hair, beautiful muscles and a tiny waist. He even managed to match his shirt with his eyes, Tony had to try his best not to stare at him all evening.
But he could only fill a small part of the construction with feathers. It looked disappointing and Tony frantically searched for more, but with no succes. He could only hope that Steve would have more luck.
Tony came back soon, only two weeks later, to attend his parents funeral, who had died in a car crash.
Tony's eyes widened. 'You got to be kidding me! Get the fuck out asshole! Your reward was a contract and you got that!'
‘A lovely red wine it is then,’ James said.
‘The sun is already setting,’ he said. He looked a little shocked, his eyes had widened and he couldn’t sit still anymore. The others noticed, but didn’t say anything. They simply finished their food and rested a little.
‘If it’s bad news you should just tell me,’ Steve said. ‘I can handle it.’
They ate at the other little restaurant this time. They didn't linger, but simply ate their lunch before they went back to the camp site. They packed the tent, grabbed their bags and they put everything in the back of the car. Tony drove them to the next spot on Steve's list. The place had a camping shop where Tony bought an air mattress, a pillow and a sleeping bag.
Tony had been worried. Rhodey was an amazing guy, sweet and caring and everything a woman could want! If he broke up with his wife, then there was no hope for Tony, who was a sarcastic ass, who always forgot their anniversaries, and who was working way too hard. Of course Steve had found out about his fear and he had laughed about it! The bastard had laughed!
A father and his daughter walked in and found a seat close by. Tony's heart ached. This wasn't a place for kids. Even her father was too young for this ride. This was for old people, like Tony. Still, the girl was happily chatting and smiling. Her father asked her to sit down, she'd get candy if she did. Immediately she took her place and looked eager at her old man. As the train took off he gave her the promised candy and she smiled brightly.
The dragon nodded and pushed his nose against Tony's shoulder. Tony carefully stroked the nose and head. He had seen dragons before, flying over the mountains, but never up close. Now he was touching one! His best friend, his only friend, was a dragon!
‘I’m not even surprised,’ Tony answered. ‘It was all I cared about when I was six.’
'Not your sidekick, but maybe your partner!' Clint cheered. 'We're going to be a team, so you better get used to me. You'll be seeing a whole lot more of me in the future.'
‘Just wait and see!’ Clint grinned. He walked to the bridge, grabbed one of his arrows and shot it. It ended up stuck in the wall, just like the first one. For a few seconds nothing happened, but then it exploded. Clint ran to the bridge and felt the wall. There was another hole. He easily climbed through and stepped on the bridge. He stuck an arrow on both sides next to it.
‘Why didn’t you tell us? We would have understood, you can’t help it, right?’
Around them their friends weren’t doing either. Rhodey had called to say he and his wife broke up. That alone was sad enough, but she also threatened that Rhodey could never see his kids again. Rhodey was angry and sad and desperate. Tony flew him over to Malibu, while Steve flew back to New York to talk to the wife.
‘Steve, you seem to be very surprised that someone is asking you out. You’re a good looking guy, you know,’ Tony said. ‘You’d think there are more people who’d like to date you. Unless the owner of your feathery friend is hotter than you are.’
'No, no, and hell no. How is that even good news?' Rhodey groaned. 'I found myself a girl!'
'Yeah, did he have sex with you, because he only wanted to talk to me,' Julia said, disbelief in his voice.
He stepped out of the train. The sky was blue as Steve's eyes, the hills were green and the little village was filled with beautiful white houses. This wasn't so bad.
Clint tried to comfort Steve, telling him that he would talk to Fury for him if he wanted that. Fury could let his best scientists work on a solution, or maybe help him find his true love. If the people who made the serum said it, it could be true, right? It didn’t sound weirder than a wall that reacted to temperatures.
Clint picked up a bag from under the pile of dogs. Tony grabbed it. Then he noticed the sled. Steve must have carried it inside. The man really had ridiculous strength. Shaking his head Tony walked back to his room.
‘I’m in!’ he said. ‘Oh bloody hell, it’s fucking hot in here!’ He quickly shut the faceplate again.
Clint and Natasha still didn't have their contract. They had a promise, but the director only wanted to sign it if he was sure he could have a properly functioning team. Stark was giving him problems, because he refused to work with Steve.
‘I think you should tell Tony,’ Clint said when Steve felt a little better. ‘He really likes you, Steve. Not just Captain America the walking furnace, but also the guy he had fun with while repairing a car.’
‘Thank you,’ Steve said, sounding very relieved. He stood up from the table and went to one of the rooms. He locked himself in there and didn’t come out again.
‘Keep your mind off things you have been through while you were in the army?’ James asked, suddenly serious.
'Of course Bucky told you. Stefanie has a very nice, and very real ass,' Tony replied. 'You can't blame me!'
Tony ran out of people to slap on their butt. He did it to Thor, who was a security guard on the ground floor. He was a man who easily made friends and Tony convinced him that he greeted all his friends by touching their butts. When Steve walked in Tony had slapped Thor's ass on impulse. Thor being way too friendly for his own good accepted Tony’s explanation without any questions. His great plan backfired though. Ever since then Thor slapped Tony's butt when he walked into the building. It was so bad that Tony took the private backdoor sometimes.
'No, Buddy is a nice guy, but we have very different ways of working. It's always loud in his kitchen, a lot of chaos. I prefer a more relaxed atmosphere. It would have been a great opportunity, but my real dream is to have my own bakery.'
The next day Steve went to the Brooklyn Bridge after work. He had texted Sam and Bucky that he had to do overtime, so that he’d be home late. It happened all the time, so they weren’t suspicious. He hadn’t told them the truth, not yet, he didn’t want them to talk him into something else he didn’t feel comfortable with.
'How do I look?' Steve asked with a big grin as he stepped out of the men's room. He was wearing a wig, make up, a dress, and impossibly high heels.
'I normally sleep in my underwear,' confessed Tony. 'So, no, but I can sleep in this shirt.'
‘No,’ Steve answered as he held Redwing close to his chest, afraid the man would try to hurt him.
They made their way to a little bus and the tour guide drove them to their destination. They changed into their wetsuits and helmets before they put their clothes and bags in a locker. The guide brought them into the caves and their tour started. They had to walk and climb a little before they had to get in the tubes. The water was rough, but not too rough and Tony really enjoyed being pushed around in the tube, finding his way through the dark caves. The only light came from the small lamps on their helmets.
These jobs interviews were so important that Pepper had demanded that Tony would there and help pick a designer, a writer, and a new head of the promotion team. Of course, Tony, being the eccentric billionaire he was, had ended up upgrading his broken microwave and forgot about time. He didn't sleep at all that night and ended up rushing in the morning, because Pepper would slowly strangle him if he showed up with grease in his hair.
'I don't think it's heated, but yes, they have a pool,' smiled Steve.
'Doesn't matter, because I do,' Steve said, leaning towards Tony. 'Even if it doesn't work, it might still be nice.'
‘Ugh,’ Steve groaned. ‘Does it even matter? You’re not planning on going out with him, so just give him a call and say Sunday is not going to work out for you and that it probably will never work out for you and that you don’t wanna see him anymore, but I don’t want anything to do with this anymore.’
‘Why did you act like you were me?’ Rhodey asked. ‘It was a guy, you know I wasn’t going to change my mind and try dating a guy. You could have just acted like yourself.’
Tony sat down next to him. Steve didn't like the distance, so he moved closer, until their shoulders touched. That still didn't satisfy him though. He took Tony's arm and wrapped it around his own waist, so they were forced to sit even closer together.
Tony looked down and noticed a boy with golden hair standing in the garden. He was looking up at Tony with bright blue eyes, looking scared. Tony frowned. Nobody was supposed to enter the gardens, except the royal family. How did this boy get there? Why hadn't the guards stopped him?
‘The new black one I bought a few weeks ago, of course,’ Steve said. ‘I’m not completely stupid when it comes to clothes.’
It wasn't too difficult to start the engine again. It only took them half an hour and they spend twenty five minutes searching for the problem and only five minutes to actually fix it. It had looked way worse last night, with all the smoke coming out.
'Scott, huh? That your real name? Lot of guys come in here, telling their name is Mike. When you ask for a last name it's Magic. I need to know if I can trust you, Scott.'
'Sounds really cool,' the boy grinned. 'But my mom said you can only fly with magic. You would have fallen if you had jumped from the wall.'
Tony chuckled. ‘It does sound like a challenge.’ He took off his jeans and exchanged them for the dark blue pants. He had tried black scrubs before, but after someone had told him he looked like an angel of death he changed back to blue. Best to not make his patients think their end is near. Blue seemed to be more trustworthy for some reason. For a moment Tony wondered what kind of colour Steve chose, but when he looked up he noticed the other man was putting on the dark blue uniform of paramedics.
'Decided to join us?'
Tony arrived late at the bakery and lied to the director that he was incredibly busy and that he just got out of a meeting with someone who had to fly back to Hong Kong in a few hours. It worked, the director looked impressed.
Tony put the mug in the kitchen, stepped in his shoes and walked to Sam's door. He had already knocked when he remembered he looked like crap. His hair was a mess, there were unidentified stains on his clothes and he hadn't tied his shoes. He just hoped he would look rough and cool, instead of sleep deprived and generally hobo-like. Tony gave a toothy grin when Sam opened the door.
‘If you say so,’ Steve said. ‘I’ll head that way. Give me a call when you find him!’
'Can't blame me, I mean, look at him. If you were hot I might wanna touch you too,' Tony said, winking at Steve.
‘Barton, shut up!’ Fury ordered angry. ‘The Captain is the team leader, because he is the best tactician of your group. You have your own…. qualities. You will all have to carry a device, so we can contact you at any given time, in case of emergency. You can do whatever you want, but when that thing starts beeping, you suit up and make your way to the location that is shown. That could be a place in the city, or here, at the headquarters, where you’ll gather to go to the place of the incident together.’
So Tony couldn't live in his penthouse for a while. He could easily afford to stay in a hotel for a few months, and he did that at first, but very soon after the explosion the complaints had started. People in the neighborhood thought he had worked with dangerous chemicals in his workshop, and that those had ended up in the environment because of the explosion. One person had gotten ill and blamed Tony.  That meant Tony couldn't start rebuilding  his penthouse until people had done some thorough research, so a judge could tell Tony was innocent. He was an engineer, not a damned chemist. He owned hardly any chemicals.
'Did you sleep well?' a very sweaty Steve asked as he searched for a towel.
'Man, the police almost got me!' he sighed. 'Have you seen the news? Fury held a speech. About how it was possible that people saw Captain America fight a robot bug. He made up a story about how you were frozen in the arctic for seventy years and how they thawed you a few weeks ago. Everyone believed him! He also announced that there will be a team and that the two of you will be in it, and me too! You should have been there!'
‘It is said that he is guarded by a dragon,’ Fury said with a straight face.
‘Oh yes, very jealous,’ Steve answered as he wrapped one arm around Tony and let his hand rest on his ass.
'Do you want to tell me how you got here?' he asked. 'Or why it is that you can't leave? Start where you want, take your time, we're not in a hurry.'
Tony’s eyes widened. ‘Excuse me? I’d rather take you on a date first, old man.’
‘Yes, my body adjusts to the temperature of my surroundings,’ Steve explained as he continued working, like this was the most normal thing in the world. ‘If I’d started walking around in my underwear right now, my body would turn even warmer. In a dessert I stay nice and cool.’
‘Yeah, just wow, I never expected that Iron Man could be real! Great job!’ Steve said and with those words he slapped Tony’s butt.  Tony turned an interesting shade of red and with wide eyes he stepped away from Steve.
‘I’m not adopting two hundred stray super heroes,’ Fury said calmly.
‘I thought such an amazing hero as Captain America could handle such a small job on his own,’ Tony bit back. ‘He really doesn’t need the help of some useless man like me.’
Tony laughed. 'I didn't have much of a choice, so no worries. This is going to be a new experience! I was just like a normal guy until I told you, so don't go treating me differently now. I like how down to earth you are.'
'Yes, I'm the team leader, but I was the best candidate to go undercover here. Partly because I can walk in heels. And I bet I can outrun you in these shoes!'
When he got home Steve went straight to his bedroom. It had been a really long day and he was tired, he just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep. He kicked off his shoes and took off his jacket. A small piece of paper fell out of his pocket. Surprised Steve picked it up, he couldn't remember putting anything in his pocket.
‘Good thing I bought you a present then,’ Tony laughed. ‘You’ll get it after dinner. I really wanna eat your sushi. Have I ever told you it’s as good as that of the Japanese sushi chef I once hired for a birthday party?’
Steve laughed at the stories Clint and Tony told him. They knew a lot about the comics and gladly told Steve a few of the things that happened in them. In return Steve told them what really happened. Sometimes the comics were over the top and sometimes the real stories were much more dangerous and scary than the comic version.
'Yes, I invited Natasha,' Steve laughed. 'But don't go randomly hugging her. She will rip off your arm or something. Clint is coming too.'
Sam heard them talk, but couldn't hear what they were saying. He heard them laughing, talking again, but after a few minutes he heard the door close and he saw Tony walk away.
‘Last week you said I should get married and now you’re trying to make me abandon the cutest guy in New York. Make up your mind.’
Julia looked up, surprise in his eyes, but he agreed happily. Steve didn't get any answers from him that night, but he managed to convince Julia to talk to Tony.
'Fuck my life,' groaned the man. 'I'm broken down in the middle of fucking nowhere! No garage, no hotel, not a fucking thing around here!'
‘No I don’t,’ Steve answered. ‘Just go, you might actually have fun.’
Tony got a greeting in return and that's when he walked out of the door. He sipped the coffee and shivered. Not strong enough. Not strong at all. The first thing he did was empty his cup in the sink and pour himself another one before going back to work.
‘Please, call me Tony, if you call me mister Stark I already start to feel old,’ Tony groaned. ‘So what is this true love thing? I get that you’re desperate after being locked up for seventy years, but the way you say it I feel like it’s not just sex you’re looking for.’
'No, I've only been guarding Steve for about three decades,' she said. 'Before me there were others, but they couldn't handle the solitude.'
'He only talked to me,' Steve answered, voice low, so none of the others could hear him. 'At first I didn't mind, easy money, but I got a little nervous when he kept talking about abuse. He wanted to know if I was forced to do this job against my will. Did he ask you too?'
'Promise me you won't tell anyone about this, Stefanie. You're the only one I can trust.'
‘If I was wrong and it’s a hot girl, I’ll gladly take over from you,’ Rhodey said. ‘We’ll come up with an excuse.’
Tony had to stop himself from walking over to his crush and smack his ass. They were in a meeting and Pepper was there, for whatever reason.  He had to stop thinking about those firm and round buns in Steve’s very skinny jeans. Tony couldn’t really focus on the rest of the meeting. Finances and lists of possible school  projects couldn’t keep his attention. To stop himself from thinking about Steve’s ass, Tony tried to think about Iron Man. It was a really interesting idea. He should do something with it. Maybe he could actually build a replica? Of course he could build a metallic suit of armor, he was Tony fucking Stark, he could do anything. He was going to build Iron Man. Steve would probably like it.
‘You want to go out with me?’ Tony asked surprised.
Steve chuckled. 'Might be the sound of my bike.'
For a few moment the guy in the bed didn't move. With wide eyes he stared at Tony, before he started laughing. He laughed out loud, clutching his bruised ribs, but even the pain didn't stop him. Tony couldn't help but chuckle a bit, and slowly it turned into a real laugh as well. It was all a really stupid coincidence. It took them both a minute to calm down again.
Sam and Bucky were tearing up about the story and joked about Steve’s skinny jeans and way too tight shirts. Natasha had a better idea though.
'Shame,' Tony laughed out. 'Not that I’d be able to do anything right now, my back is killing me! How can you sleep on the ground all night and then feel good enough to run around for an hour?'
‘So, what do you think, is it all going to be easy peasy?’ Clint asked. ‘They gave you jobs like this before, right? You never died, so..’
Olivia was laughing out loud now. 'He's gay, no straight guy would feel comfortable around guys in drag. You should give it a try. Take off the fake tits and show him what you've got. He'll fall in love with you and you'll live happily ever after!'
'Thanks, Tony.'
Tony was embarrassed to tell Steve what happened. He had promised to help him, but he couldn't. With a heavy heart he walked into the tiny apartment and told what happened. Of course sweet Steve didn't mind at all.
'Drop dead!' Tony shouted before he stormed out.
'I walked,' the boy answered simply. 'I come from over the hills. Are you trying to fly? Do you have magic?' You don't look like you have magic.'
'Park the van with the backside against the door,' he said. 'There is plenty of space. It will shield them off from the press.'
Sam's mouth fell open. He looked at his friend, to make sure Steve wasn't kidding and then he started laughing.
Sam and Steve sat on the couch, not saying anything, not doing anything, just sitting. Sam had a bad day and Steve came over to help him through it. Days like this didn't happen often anymore, but when they did, sharing it with someone who understood was the best way to get through them. Steve found out that Sam just wanted to have him around. He didn't need to talk or do something, just sitting there was enough. For Steve it was the other way around. He wanted to be distracted. He needed someone to drag him outside and show him the good things.
'That Lauren didn't look like she, or he, was forced to do this,' Jack started. 'Very enthusiastic. But some others looked more timid, almost scared. They try their best, but it's not the same. You should keep an eye on them.'
'My parents hate dragons?' Tony asked, not sure what to think.
‘Natasha told me you were going around slapping people’s butts,’ Pepper sighed. ‘I don’t know what you’re doing, Tony, but she told me she’d sue you for sexual harassment if you’d try to touch her. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a company to run. Read those notes and stop thinking about Steve.’
'Fly over the robot,' he ordered. 'And open a door!'
Fifteen minutes later the entire team stood outside. Steve was wearing the heels and Tony was tying the laces of his running shoes. All the others stood around, cheering and laughing.
‘Yeah, because you’re going to blow a big hole in a wall with arrows!’ Tony said sarcastically.
‘Okay, I have to admit that this is so much better than the average Star Bucks,’ James confessed. ‘I can understand why you rather go here to relax.’
Steve patiently waited in line, trying his very best not to draw any attention to him. He was sweating and his heartbeat was speeding up again, but he kept his composure. When it was his turn he placed his wallet against the gate. He held his breath as he tried to stay close to the person before him without being too obvious. When the doors closed behind him they hit his leg, but he did get through. There were no alarms, there was no one calling himback, there was no one even looking at him. Nobody had noticed. Steve couldn’t believe this had actually worked!
'Nice to meet you, Steve,' Tony said with a smirk. He winked at Steve before he let go and walked away.
Tony took a deep breath, before he offered the other guy his hand. 'I'm Tony Stark. I was in a hurry because miss Potts wanted me to be present at the job interviews.'
'Your house! Your cave, where you live!' Tony said, like it was the most normal thing in the world. 'Steve, I really like you and I wanted to ask you to run away with me, even before I knew you were a dragon. I don't want to get married, and I definitely don't want to go back to a dragon killing jerk. I want to stay with you and fly.'
‘Yeah, the windows are open and Falcon and Hawkeye are locked in their cage,’ Sam said. ‘Can you help me search for him? Redwing loves to make a nest in your hair. If you go outside with me he’ll probably fly straight at you to sit in your hair. Redwing is a really cool name, by the way. He loves it.’
Tony went home long after midnight and he felt better than he had ever felt in his life. He hadn't been able to get any flirting done with Steve, Sam was there all the time, but the two guys were just super nice to him and treated him like he was not Tony Stark. They didn't ask about money, affairs or his company, not even the reason why he lived in a tiny house like this. They asked about his games, robots and experience with different flavored beers. They even paid for his pizza.
talk, not if he wasn’t actually being asked anything. His urge to reveal every single thought and feeling was about as strong and relentless as a tidal pull, but if the other person was taking on the brunt of the conversation themselves, he could breeze through it without sharing anything he didn’t want to, so long as he was focused on biting his tongue.
, eyes dropping down to the carpet as he collects his thoughts, biting his lip out of habit, and when he looks up at Steve again, his smile’s soft and fond. “Believe me, I’ve wanted to do this for a long time. I’ve actually—god, this is embarrassing, and it’s a real testament to how much I love you, the fact that I’m telling you this—but I’ve wanted to marry Captain America since I was two years old and dressed up as you for Halloween for the first time,” Tony admits, a pink tint to his cheeks. He gives Steve’s hand a light squeeze. “And I’ve wanted to marry Steve Rogers since I was forty-two and I watched you fall asleep in the middle of the shawarma place after New York.
and b) Laura Barton refused to give up her homemade lasagna recipe, Steve thought that this countryside retreat wasn’t all that bad. If anything, he considered it a team-building exercise, in the loosest definition of the term.
A few weeks passed by and he did crave donuts a few times, but he never had time to get them himself, so he sent a guy to get some at a nearby shop. Not as good, but they would do. He almost forgot the taste of Steve's donuts, until he got a call from the reception desk.
Someone was loudly banging on Steve’s door. With a half-eaten sandwich in his mouth Steve went to open it. He was still in the middle of lunch and didn’t really expect any visitors. Yet he wasn’t surprised when he found his neighbour Sam on the other side of the door.
‘Tones, are you done already?’ Rhodey asked as he knocked on the door of Tony’s bedroom. ‘You have to be at the restaurant in half an hour. Please tell me you’re dressed. Please tell me you’re not sleeping.’
'Yeah, we get to work together, we're not hanging out together,' Tony stated. 'Get out of my house and go back to Shield or something.'
‘Technically, I got another date out of him,’ Rhodey said. ‘Since you were acting like you were me.’
‘Why am I doing this again?’ Steve asked as he tried to find another amazing outfit in his closet. It was Sunday an in about an hour he had another date with James.
Tony didn't say anything. Steve was too happy to notice. He looked at himself in the mirror and laughed. He was amazed that he had his daytime body at night now too. He didn't even care that he destroyed his clothes. He grabbed a new pair of pants and pulled it on. He took off the shirt and threw it away. He was about to put on a new shirt when he noticed Tony hadn't moved.
‘Tony,’ Pepper sighed. ‘You can’t call dibs, he’s…’
‘Let me help you!’ Steve said to the man.  The bearded man stopped slapping and let Steve get the bird. Carefully Steve grabbed Redwing and held his wings against his little body. With his fingers Steve took the tiny little claws out of the man’s beard.
‘I’m really sorry,’ Steve continued as he glanced at Tony. ‘I didn’t know what to do. Please don’t call the police!’
Bucky turned off the television. ‘A few minutes before I wanted to leave she called to tell me she was in bed with the flu. We’re meeting each other next week, she’ll be better by then.’
‘Yes! Next obstacle, a huge ass door!’ Clint announced.
‘Sorry,’ the smaller man said. ‘Haven’t even introduced myself. ‘My name is Tony Stark. This is Obadiah Stane, my right hand man when it comes to business. To make up for the attack, you could go on a date with me. If you’re into that kind of things. Men, I mean. If you’re into men. You’re hot and you seem to be a decent person, trying to make up for something you’re not to blame for. So, we totally forgive you and the budgie if you go on a date with me.’
Okay, so Captain America is not a villain, he was still very polite. Clint decided Steve was sick then, and sick people needed help. He opened the door even further, letting the light in. That’s when he saw it. The man sitting in the corner of the room was not the big, muscly man they brought back from the arctic. This man was small, smaller than Clint. Hell, smaller than Tony, skinny and pale. His clothes were way too big for him and hung loosely around his body.
‘We’re looking for a guy, who is said to be locked up for seventy years,’ Fury explained. ‘In the second world war they experimented on a man. He grew stronger than any man was supposed to be, and saved the world. He is an genetically engineered soldier, locked away for the safety of humanity. Or so the legends say. Nobody knows if he really exists, but some of our agents and scientists found something, about ten years ago. Reading their reports I think they found out where this man is hidden away. But like I said, most of them died during the mission and we don’t know everything. I want you to go and get him, Stark.’
Time didn't matter when you had eternity.
‘No, no, you can’t,’ Steve said as he sat down, Sam’s beer still in his hand. ‘I had to go on this date for you, and if things didn’t work out with your colleague, you would take over. You have to figure out if you want to date her by tomorrow, because you have a coffee date on Sunday.’
‘Yes!’ Steve said angrily as he put the beer on the table with a little too much force, before he stood up. ‘He is nice, he is funny, he is hot and yes he paid for the dinner. He is absolutely perfect, so you better text him the address of a coffee place, because you’re meeting him this Sunday.’
'Oh, I was also wondering if I could go and take a look at the workshops, to see if we can use the color scheme there as well. It will make things more recognizable for kids,' Steve said.
'I know you're into guys, Stevie, but maybe that approach is a bit too direct, asking him to look at your junk,' he said with a big grin. 'That's a bit too much for most people. Now let me see that art of yours!'
‘That’s exactly what worries me.’
Steve wasn’t lucky. Apparently the important people had decided to stay home. They weren’t interested in art like this, or maybe it was the lack of press and attention that made them stay away. But with no really interesting people around, Steve decided to take a look at the art, before he would try to sneak out. If he could figure out what his classmate’s art made it worthy of a gallery, he could maybe make some changes in his own work.
‘Seeing that it’s pretty late he thought the same about you?’ Rhodey asked, a grin on his face.
‘Yeah, it’s gonna take you a while to get back to Brooklyn,’ Tony answered.
'Bring the bikes back to the car, then walk back up and help me down,' explained Steve. 'It's probably the only way to get out of here without the bikes getting stolen. There are a lot of people strolling around here.'
For a moment he considered going home earlier. A month was a long time, maybe he should just stay for a week or two? But Steve decided against it. He'd worked hard for this vacation and he would probably never see this beautiful country again, while Tony might have been a simple summer love. He didn't hope so, but that was how summer love worked, right? Tony was a billionaire, he might not want to be seen with a guy like Steve. It was okay in New Zealand, where no one paid attention to them,  but not in New York. Steve was just another jobless guy after all.
‘That disgusting animal must…’ the big man started, but he was interrupted by the smaller man.
Steve sighed and shook his head. He wasn't going to join this discussion. Clint and Tony continued to argue and insult each other until Natasha told them they should be at their best behavior in front of the Captain if they wanted to be his sidekicks and that actually helped. They stopped talking, but kept glaring at each other. Thankfully they were almost in New York.
Steve had trouble holding Redwing, so he put the budgie on his head, where he happily made himself a little nest out of Steve’s hair.
'Stefanie, come to my office,' she said, before closing the door to the dressing room behind her. All the guys looked at Steve, who shrugged and got up.
'Alright guys, times up!' Buddy said. 'We'll try all of your pastries. They gotta taste good, but they gotta look good as well! Alright, Linda, baby, we start with you, tell us what you made for mister Stark?'
'What do you think, Tony?' Pepper asked.
‘You just try to keep their attention with your butt, and when my date doesn’t work out, I take over from you with my great body. Now take off your shirt, plaid is way too hipster. Why don’t you wear that dark blue shirt? And those black shoes. That will look good.’
‘I made a hole it in, I think,’ Tony said as he walked closer again. He put his hand on the place that he hit, but there was no more resistance. He could move his arm through the hole. He felt around, to find out how big it was. He made himself as small as possible and he slowly crawled through. When he was on the other side he lifted his faceplate and grinned at Clint.
Steve chuckled as he grabbed Tony’s arm before he could leave the room. ‘No, don’t be embarrassed Tony. It’s nice to know you like my ass, but if you had just apologized and explained yourself when it happened, I would have forgiven you and I’d maybe even have asked you out.’
‘Not really working, heh?’ Clint shouted. ‘Maybe it can only be done from the outside? You better save your power, I’ll give it a try.’
‘I know my way around the subway tunnels and the drains,’ Clint said, like it was the most normal thing in the world. ‘But I had aliens on my farm once, and I got rid of all of them, with only eleven arrows. So, if you’re getting rid of Stark, I can totally take his place.’
'I'll talk to him,' Steve promised as he walked to the door.
'Not yet,' Sam laughed. He kept joking until Steve arrived at the club and couldn't answer anymore.
'You okay?' he asked.
And then there was Steve, the reason why Tony couldn't concentrate. Steve was their graphic designer, hired specifically for this project by Pepper. It was like she was giving Tony a present for coming up with this amazing project, because Steve was fucking hot. He was tall, had blond hair that looked really soft, full lips that made you wanna bite them (or maybe that was just Tony), and a body...oh Tony could talk about that body for hours.
'Maybe you can tell him where you come from?' Steve asked. 'Where did you live? Did you have family? Friends maybe?'
Tony held his hand on Steve's back and pushed him. It worked, Steve was going up again. But the path got smaller and smaller and soon their pedals hit each other, their wheels crashed against each other and the two boys ended up on the ground.
Clint made it a challenge to win from Steve, but soon they lost sight of him. With more people and more luggage it took them longer than they had planned to get back to base. Tony wanted to complain, he was so cold it felt like his toes were about to fall off, but just one look from Natasha made him shut up. They were really happy when they finally arrived at the shield base. Tony opened the door and found Steve waiting inside with steaming hot coffee. Natasha and Tony dropped their bags and joined Steve inside for coffee, while Clint let the dogs in.
'Okay, will do. Did you hear anything from Stefanie?' Tony asked.
Tony remembered being glad when he was finally old enough to go alone. It was pretty far and he had to take different subways to get there, but when he was 12 he went alone for the first time. He had been so proud. He didn't have to wait until Jarvis had time, he could go whenever he wanted. Steve got stronger as he got older, so they could go outside together again. They climbed trees, played ball games and bought candy with Tony's pocket money.
'Comic books!' Tony grinned. 'And my father used to tell me reading comics was a waste of time.They were history lessons. But I'm afraid the world isn't completely Hydra-free yet, so I see a job for you, Cap.'
Tony walked off and waved at Sam who just arrived. Things continued like that for a while. Every time Steve showed up, Tony ended up in front of Sam’s door with another excuse. He asked for screwdrivers, laundry detergent, cough syrup, and even for some shoes, since he lost his. One day one of his robots mysteriously ended up in Sam’s garden, he came to ask if the two of them wanted some real coffee, since he was on his way to Starbucks, and once he asked if Sam had any potatoes. When Sam had asked what he was making Tony had told him that he didn’t know yet, there were so many options. Mash them, boil them, put them in a stew. Sam had laughed and told Tony he didn’t have any, but he had asked him in.
‘I can fly,’ said Tony, rolling his eyes, but Clint couldn’t see that. ‘I’ll fly to the bridge and let it down for you. We’ll make another hole in the wall there, so when we get back, we still know where to get through. Stay here, I’ll be done in a moment.’
‘Do you need a ride home?’ Tony asked. The moment the words left his mouth he realized his mistake. ‘Not because I want you to invite me in for coffee or anything. But you mentioned you’re here by public transport and it’s really no problem to drive you home.’
'Yes,' Steve said, a smile on his face. 'I've sent you an email with a few colour schemes that could work for kids, but also fit this project. I was hoping you could take a look at it and tell me which ones you like best.'
Steve worked at the club for two weeks and he managed to become Olivia's friend. They lived in the same neighborhood and walked to work together. Steve also walked Olivia home in the middle of the night. Olivia was a small guy and a tall bodyguard like Steve made him feel safe. They had gotten pretty close already and Steve believed he could soon ask some more personal questions. But before he could do that he had his own problems to worry about.
‘Oh my God, we’re not even on a date yet and you already want to talk to me?’ Tony groaned. ‘Great start.’
‘I think we should talk about that at a later time,’ Tony said, having the decency to be a little embarrassed.
‘You like it that Stark masturbated over Captain America when he was a teenager?’ Clint asked. ‘That might be more disturbing than the actual thing.’
They finished their breakfast and Steve found his way to director Fury’s office. He knocked on the door before he walked in and took a seat across the one-eyed man. Fury was scribbling something down before he looked up at Steve.
Steve knew he should have brought a treat. Something to lure the parakeet with. Although seeing the amount of pigeons, he might have been attacked and robbed from the treat before Redwing even noticed. There was nothing else to do than to keep searching and keep calling. Steve walked around for over half an hour and was about to give up, when he saw a man waving his arms, like he was trying to get rid of a bug. Something bigger than a bug: a bird.
Tony hurried to his desk. He bit his nails as he looked at the closed doors. He had been so stupid! How could he just smack that ass?! Steve was probably freaking out right now. He would resign, leave the project, maybe even report him for sexual harassment! Oh, fuck him and his stupid reflexes! The press was going to love this. With a sigh he lay his head on his desk. His life was over!
Steve Rogers thanked the driver before he hoisted his pack onto his back and started walking. There had been times when he had wondered if it was a good idea, but when he was walking in the sun like this he knew backpacking in New Zealand was his best idea ever. After graduating art school he decided to get out of the country for a while and he didn't regret picking New Zealand. It was expensive to get here, but it was worth every dollar.
Rhodey laughed. ‘Sure, sure, I believe you. Good luck on your next date with mister handsome, James.’
Tony changed and they crawled under the sleeping bag. Within minutes Steve was asleep and Tony could hear him snore softly. How the hell could he sleep? He didn't even have an air mattress! Tony did and his back was still killing him. He missed his memory foam, his super soft blankets, and his fluffy pillow. He tossed and turned, but he couldn't sleep. It got worse when Steve turned in his sleep and snuggled up against Tony. The billionaire just lay awake, not sure what he was supposed to do.
'Sounds good,' Steve smiled. 'You should join us then!'
'Twenty-five years and then you cheat on me!' Tony said, pouting sadly.
And to his own horror he slapped Steve's butt. As Tony realized what he'd done he held his breath . He saw confusion in Steve's eyes, but before he could say something Tony closed the door. He closed it too quickly, he knew it, it was like he slammed it in Steve's face, but he panicked!
'Amazing, you're going to finish your test day with the highest scores! Keep this up and you'll get a job for the weekends!'
'What about the doggies?' Clint asked with a pout. 'We can't leave them outside in the cold!'
‘Well, thank you for going through the trouble of taking public transport, just to look good for me,’ Tony joked. ‘And it was worth it, your hair looks very good, but I bet a motor suit and flat hair works just as well for you.’
Steve pushed open the doors to the stair case, walked in, and closed them behind him. For a moment he listened, but there wasn’t a sound. Good. What wasn’t good was the stairs were only going down. The stairs that went up to the penthouse were hidden behind two locked doors. They had a lock, but no doorknob, and could probably only be opened from the other side. Steve checked the room for cameras before he stepped forward and examined the door from close by. The lock was ridiculously simple, probably something about safety issues, people couldn’t get stuck when there was a fire. Steve searched through his pockets and found the one thing Bucky told him to always carry around: a paperclip. His friend had taught him how to pick locks. Mostly because Steve kept forgetting his keys and locked himself out so often that Bucky had gotten tired of it. Steve never actually broke into someone else’s place, let alone into the house of a billionaire. He almost laughed when the lock clicked open.
‘It’s silly,’ Steve said, rubbing the back of his head and looking at his shoes. ‘It’s some kind of weird prophecy someone gave me before I went in here. A guy said I would find true love once I would get out again, but maybe he just tried to comfort me, because I had to leave the girl I liked behind.’
‘Alright, alright,’ Rhodey said. ‘This is five favors. You only owe me 269 after tomorrow. Unless you screw up, then I’m taking them back.’
After two months of dating, Steve and Tony walked into Stark tower after one of their little coffee dates. It became a regular thing to have coffee together at least once a week and discuss what kind of amazing things they could make Iron Man do in the comics Steve was drawing. Steve no longer worked in the Stark Industries building, but sometimes he walked back with Tony to say hi to his friends  and former colleagues.
Tony got down on one knee. 'Steve Rogers, my one and only donut baker, will you marry me?'
Tony looked up, surprise in his eyes. ‘With you?’
'Eh,' Tony said intelligently. 'I was going to do...something. Somewhere. Something. I don't remember. I don't remember why I'm out here. So much for being a genius.'
He approached the bunny and touched it. It was super soft. Steve buried himself in the big, fluffy, bunny belly. Yeah, that was nice.
Steve nodded. He had been in the army himself for a few years. Not as long as Bucky or Sam, but he had seen enough. He had seen too much already. It wasn’t a lie that he went to the gym on bad days to just go crazy on a punching bag for an hour.
‘That’s amazing!’ Steve said. ‘That is really amazing! Are you going to bring it to the opening of the workshops? Because you really should, the kids will love it, they will all want to come back! You have to bring it and give a little show!’
‘Tones, you’re back,’ Rhodey said from where he was lying on the couch. He sat up, turned off the television and grabbed another beer, which he handed to Tony. ‘How did things go?’
It was a business card. It was Tony Stark's business card, one with his personal cell phone number. When Steve turned it around he couldn't stop a smile. Tony had written a small note to him.
'It's alright,' the kid said. 'I'm Steve. Want to build a sandcastle?'
‘I don’t really know either, I made a great deal today with a big company, and I’m going to earn millions,’ Tony shrugged. ‘You told me you couldn’t even pay for a subway ticket, so I kinda wanted to do something for you. And I really, really hate cooking. You would actually do me a favor here. You’re going to eat it too, by the way, so if you’re trying to poison me we’re going down together. So, what do you say? Are you in?’
'Yes, how do they pay? And do I have to go back to the club afterwards?'
'Thanks!' Steve said before he hopped into the helicopter. He took a deep breath. His first mission in seventy years, he could do this. The moment he saw the robot he immediately started planning. It was huge, at least three floors high, walking on six leg, and completely made of steel. Big chance it's weak spot was in his neck, or other joints.
Steve stood there for a moment, not saying anything. He couldn’t believe what he just heard. James lied about who he was. No, Tony lied about who he was. Just like he did.
'Your mother was a princess,' Steve started his explanation. 'The king became royalty by marrying her. I only know what my mom told me, but she said he wanted power and married the princess because of that reason alone. He became a prince, but when he didn't get his personal dragon he was angry. Also because, apparently, your mother and her dragon were great friends, maybe even lovers, I'm not sure. He killed the dragon when he was in his human form. Your mother was devastated, the dragons were furious. When the dragons came to talk about it, your father attacked them. The dragons didn't want to give up the bond with the humans, so they sent me. Not as a baby, your father might have killed me. That's why I came to you when I was ten. I had seen you before and my mother had explained me everything I had to do. But it had to be secret. Your father did try to capture me a few times. He let the guards wait until you were inside and they attacked as soon as you were out of sight. I always got away. Burned a few of the guards though.'
‘I made a few sketches for a possible mascot,’ Steve said, a tad nervous, as he passed some papers around. ‘We talked about a superhero, saving the world with his science skills. Based on that I made this guy, Iron Man. He is an engineer and made himself a suit of armor with all kinds of cool things to stop criminals. Like lasers and stuff. He can also fly, with jet boots, that’s how he keeps an eye on the city. That’s all I could come up with. I don’t really know enough about engineering to make it more realistic.’
Tony flew to the bridge. He shot a few things and then the bridge came falling down and landed with a loud bang. Tony landed on it and tried it if was secure.
'Happy anniversary, most perfect husband on earth,' Tony replied.
Tony groaned. It was way too early for things like this. He didn’t even had coffee yet! He walked to his coffee machine, yes he had one in his bedroom too, and made himself a very strong cup. He downed it in one go before he walked to the elevator and gestured Clint to get in as well. They got themselves to the ground floor and the doors slowly slid open.
Okay, so maybe that hadn't been his best plan ever. Steve picked himself up again and got closer to the robot. It was smashing his claws around randomly now that it couldn’t see, hitting cars and buildings. Luckily the agents had moved out of its way. Steve took his shield with both hands and when the robot tried to hit him again, somehow it could still hear things, he stepped aside and slammed his shield in the claw, cutting off one of its six arms. It was a start.
‘Just tell me why you asked me to come here,’ Steve said. It came out harsher than he had meant to.
‘I bet you the soldier looks scarier than the dragon!’ he laughed. ‘Genetically engineered, he must look like some weird robot or something. Something terminator-like, or maybe he is like a transformer! That would be cool. That dragon is probably a poisonous lizard that you could accidently step on. I could easily kill it with only one arrow.’
‘He can fly?!’ Steve asked. ‘How?’
‘I’ll put on the suit and I’ll do it, you make sure you stay far away with your doggies and be safe,’ Tony sighed.
Steve was getting desperate. He had tried a whole lot of different things, but the robot was still standing and still damaging the city. He only had three arms left by now and he had dents and small holes, but nothing bad enough to stop him. Steve even tried to hit it with a broken electricity cable, but even that hadn’t worked. He almost electrocuted himself instead.
Still they hadn't stopped him from hitting the guy on the cross road. The man had fallen and couldn't get up, obviously in pain. Tony had called an ambulance and they had taken the man to the hospital. Tony as well. He had a small cut that needed stitches, absolutely not worth leaving his car behind, but apparently he had no choice.
'Now what?' Tony asked.
Their love had never died.
Tony sighed deeply. 'Yeah, I guess I don't have much of a choice. Thanks.'
Tony laughed as he turned right. ‘Those people are annoying when you’re in the car, they’re probably so much worse when you’re riding a bike.’
Things were going well. Now that Steve and Tony found a rhythm in dealing with the guys at the club, they ended up with great results. Steve would give Tony names and descriptions of the guys who had a name tattooed on their arm and Tony would approach them a few nights later. He got a confession out of Ashley and he had a nice chat with Cassandra. Cassandra didn't trust him though and hadn't said a word about Ronan. With a little help from Steve and another 'threesome' later, Cassandra had told his story as well.
Tony looked out of the window and watched the green hills they passed by. As kids they weren't the most popular ones in their class, but they had been worse as teenagers. They were so awkward! Fifteen and in love, could things be worse?
'For now, Brooklyn boy,' Tony grinned back. 'You return in a month or so. Let's meet up in New York. Visit my place, I'll show you what vacation means to me!' He put his card in Steve's chest pocket.
‘I want you to be my cook,’ Tony said. ‘I want to hire you as my cook, give you a job. My last cook ran off to Europe to start her own two star restaurant and I hate cooking. I’m in serious need of a cook and you are in serious need of a job.’
Or, it could. Tony hadn't seen Stefanie after the night he had taken the statements from all the guys. Stefanie had worked all night, went home in the morning, and gotten some time off to get ready to get back to work. Tony hadn't seen him anymore and still didn't know the guys first name. He had searched the entire floor, but there had been no sign of the guy. Tony was a little grumpy and decided to ask Sam about it, when he heard voices coming from Sam’s office.
'You ready?' Steve asked.
After a few hours of sleep Clint prepared the sled, while Tony got them food, water, blankets and weapons. He placed everything they needed on the sled, before he sat down on it himself.
'You crashed a plane?' Clint asked. 'Did it have bombs in it with names of different cities that Hydra was going to attack?'
‘There is one close by, but I’m not allowed in there anymore,’ Steve answered. He couldn’t lie about this.
‘Nope,’ answered Steve, popping the p. ‘I usually celebrate with my best friend. He found himself a girlfriend this summer, so today he is meeting his in laws for the first time. Honestly, I’d rather work the Christmas eve shift than meeting my in laws on an important night like this.’
‘We do,’ Tony said, and he grinned as he shook Nick’s hand. ‘So, give me the coordinates and I’ll fly there. I’ll bring you back your superman.’
‘Several times,’ Steve laughed.
Tony went downstairs, got in the car and worked on his phone as his driver Happy brought him to this baking contest. He had never seen the show, so he didn't know what to expect, but he was good at improvising, he'd figure out what was going on. How hard could it be? And he got to eat cake, which was never a bad thing. Right now that was the only reason he actually went.
'Hi Stef,' Olivia said as he closed the door of his apartment and locked it. Steve didn't hear him. 'Hello Stefanie!'
‘So, we’re seeing each other again?’ Tony asked.
Clint got up and sat down in one of the other chairs and Tony took his usual place. They fastened their seatbelts and soon they were up in the air. Tony didn’t really say much during their trip, while Clint couldn’t stop talking. He kept speculating about the dragon and what the super soldier would look like.
Tony placed the donut around Steve's finger before he got up again and took a bite from another donut. 'Don't eat your ring, I need it later, to eat it myself.'
'I'm Stefanie,' Steve smiled. 'I've never seen you here before, Tony, I'm sure I would have remembered that. Is it your first time here?'
Steve smiled widely, thanked them, and left. Buddy discussed the achievements of the other bakers and told them why he was disappointed and what they should do next time. One by one they could leave the room, until only Ryan and Ashley were left.
'I'm ready, but you seem distracted,' Olivia chuckled. 'Are you thinking about Tony? You always get hearts in your eyes when you're near him. Do you feel cursed already? Unreachable love, because you're a prostitute, but you wouldn't have met him if you hadn't been a prostitute?'
‘She arranged a blind date for me, tomorrow evening,’ Bucky groaned. ‘How do I get out of it?’
‘For Captain America? Hell yeah!’
All the guys made their way to the changing room. Steve walked past Sam.
‘You’re warm!’ Tony said, more surprised about the heat than about the weird position.
'Is this New York?'
'They need something to motivate them,' Bruce said.
In the hallway stood an enormous plush rabbit, holding a plush heart. Steve chuckled. It was ridiculous, but for once Tony had remembered their anniversary without Steve telling him about it. Well, 25 years was kind of special.
Tony never knew how Steve managed, but a week later Rhodey got a phone call. They would still break up, but whenever he was in town he could see his kids and have them stay with him. Steve had worked his magic.
Tony smiled, but winced, because his cut lip hurt. 'It seems you're right.'
‘Whatever, it was going to notice us anyway. I’m going to make another hole in the wall, so step back.’
'Same as you,' Steve said. 'I've been here for more than two weeks and I got one of the guys to trust me, so let me do this in peace, please? It's difficult enough.'
It was a short drive to the airport. Tony took his bags from the backseat and handed them to one of the stewards. He talked to the pilot for a few moments, about their destination and at what airport they would arrive, before Tony climbed the stairs and sat down in his usual seat. He sat down on a pair of legs.
‘It feels different on a bike,’ James answered. ‘Take the third street on the right. The way you feel free in a plane is probably the same as my bike feels for me. You have a lot more freedom than in a car, but you also have to deal with a lot more people who don’t know how to drive.’
'What?' Steve asked. 'You got me out of that castle! You built a suit of armor that can fly and you use it to help people! That is amazing. I was really happy we were going to be a team.'
Suddenly one of the dogs noticed Tony and pounced him. Tony almost fell backwards. Clint laughed at him, but Steve got up and pulled the dog away.
‘Anthony, you’re not going on a date with that guy,’ Obadiah said strictly. ‘You’ve had your fun, let’s go.’
‘I know,’ Tony grinned before he shut his faceplate. He picked up some snow, made a perfect snow ball out of it and threw it towards the lava. It never reached the lava, because it splashed against an invisible wall, not too far from the moat.
‘Because taking off the motor suit in public is a bit awkward,’ James answered, rubbing his neck. ‘And I’d end up with helmet hair, it doesn’t look very good.’
That was until he saw the turnstiles. The employees held a card against the gates and the two plastic doors slid open for them. Steve could crawl under the doors, or climb over them, but people would notice and alert the guards. This couldn’t be over so soon already! Steve took a deep breath and looked around. People were holding their wallets against the gates. He could do that! He didn’t have any money, but he did have a wallet, he could act like he had a card. The doors were open exactly eight seconds. If he was quick he could walk in after one of the employees. If he didn’t make it he could act like his card wasn’t working.
'I'll talk to Tony and testify if that gets me my sister back,' Olivia said. 'You're too nice, Stef. Are you secretly an angel?'
‘With this remote,’ Tony explained as he opened a window and pushed a few buttons. Within seconds the red and gold robot was making loops outside. Steve had his nose pressed against the glass, his mouth still open in surprise. He laughed when Iron Man waved at him.
‘Who was that,’ Sam asked as he appeared next to Steve.
‘Don’t use my own words against me!’ Bucky said. ‘I’m already having a date with a girl from work tomorrow. I told Nat, but she didn’t believe me, thought it was an excuse to get out of the blind date. Could you go for me, please? I wouldn't ask but I really think things could work between this girl and me.’
“No, I mean— Where’s your dad?”
Steve huffs out a breath, not knowing where to even start.
“Oh?”
, even if just for a little while longer, was the man currently hogging the covers. (The covers, might it be added, that had little cartoon Hawkeye faces printed on them. Steve honestly didn’t know whether it was Clint being funny or if he used Avengers merchandise in all the bedrooms, but either way he laughed for about ten minutes upon entering.) The room was a bit on the smaller side, sure, but they could fit; neither of them minded the proximity the single bed forced them into— they were used to it by now.
“No, no, you didn’t, it’s okay. I couldn’t sleep.” A moment passed, but just when Tony was about to speak up again, Steve beat him to it, adding, “Bruce texted me earlier. He, uh, told me about the truth serum, kept me updated while you guys were running tests.”
“Least I could do, Laura,” Steve assured, collecting the empty plates while everyone else remained seated, waiting for more coffee to brew. (They went through the stuff at a rampant rate — half the team was addicted and the other half was slowly but surely getting there.) “Although, if you really want to repay me…”
his way out of this one. Whichever was more likely to get them out of this with all their limbs still attached to their bodies.
By the time they had all climbed up to the top, trying to make themselves comfortable sharing the same thick branch, the rain had finally petered out and Harry and Peter didn’t seem quite as tense. From up here, Tony could survey far enough to catch glimpses of a building out in the distance. It was just a speck on the horizon, and he had no idea how long it’d take to walk to it, but still, it was something. It was a start. First thing tomorrow, he resolved, they’d head back to camp, when the sun was out again and they didn’t have to make the trek blindly.
the right time to think back to his age-old crush on the guy, Tony reminded himself, if there even was a good time for these sorts of things.
He’s absolutely captivated by the sight of Tony like this, completely in his element, and more than once he gets lost in the deep, rich brown of his eyes. Steve's heart hammers so loudly in his ears that he hardly hears what Tony’s saying, even with his enhanced senses, but he manages to catch a few words here and there.
He could hand-pick his own personal Criterion collection of titles that had warned him not to toy with science like this if he didn’t want to die an untimely—and oftentimes excruciatingly painful—death.
Tony was back in Afghanistan, lungs burning as they plunged his head into a bucket of water, as he hoped, not for the first time, that the car battery he was hooked up to would just electrocute him already. He was tied down to a chair, bruised and bloody, staring down the lens of a camera and the barrel of a gun. He was waking up on a rickety cot, Yinsen wrist-deep into his chest, ribs broken, tongue tasting like pennies, every nerve in his body firing at the same time, the pain so forceful he could feel himself slipping back into unconsciousness—
Well. Okay then.
Tony, not knowing what else to do and relying solely on a cocktail of instinct and adrenaline, punched the velociraptor in the snout hard enough that his hand hurt even through the gauntlet. The velociraptor didn’t take that too kindly, and reached out to grab the gauntlet between its teeth — Tony had just enough time to pull his hand out of it before it was crushed like an aluminum can and subsequently spit out.
“Alright, alright, laugh it up, Patch Adams,” Tony grumbled. He twisted the cap back on the flask, trading it for the bottle of aspirin. He held it up questioningly. “Any chance these’ll work on you?”
Steve heaved out a sigh, looking away for a moment as he collected his thoughts, and when he finally turned back to Tony, jaw stiff and determined, he said, “There’s something I have to tell you. I know this isn’t really—” he gestured helplessly in the small space between their bodies “—the best timing, with everything that happened to you today, but… I’ve been working up to it all day, so just, please, listen. You don’t have to say anything, I just need to get it out.”
Scott wasn’t nearly as optimistic. “Right,” he replied, dubiously, looking Tony up and down like he expected to see some kind of transformation take place before his very eyes. “Uh, how are you feeling, anyway?”
Tony motioned for the kids to stay where they were, as he crept over to the dense line of trees in front of him. “Bruce?” he called. “You okay, buddy?”
“Oh, I know,” Tony said, the too-wide vacant-eyed corporate smile he reserved for mostly for glad-handing at charity events now making way for something more genuine, something softer at the edges. “I’ve read your paper on— Okay, honestly, I’ve read all your papers at least twice, and I gotta say, it’s good stuff. Big fan of your work. Also a fan of how you turn big, green, and angry, but mostly the research stuff.” He watched Osborn head up to the cockpit, presumably to check with the pilot before take-off, and Tony leaned forward in his seat. “But, uh— what the hell are we doing here? Because the more I think about this whole ‘previously unheard-of secluded island’ thing, the more it sounds like the setting of a Stephen King novel.”
Being the professional and world-renowned academics they were, they ran a number of tests on Tony to figure out its extent and limitations, and within twenty minutes they’d concluded that Tony had something of a
got to you, I’m pretty sure my actual vows are going to make you weep,” he teased, earning a snort of laughter for his efforts. He held up the truth serum, and with one last considering look, asked, “Ready?”
Steve furrowed his brows in confusion. “Of course I can w—” And, with way too much confidence for someone who just got stabbed in the leg by a velociraptor, took a step inland. He must’ve overestimated how much of his weight he could actually bear, because he immediately pitched forward, and if it hadn’t been for Tony’s quick reflexes, one hand flat on Steve’s chest, other arm winding around his waist, Steve would’ve fallen face-first into the sand.
The T-Rex’s approaching footsteps made the ground under them rattle, and Tony didn’t let the creature get too close before he kissed the back of his phone for luck, and tried to summon those two months he spent on his college baseball team (at Rhodey’s insistence) as he chucked the phone in the opposite direction.
It’s not like they haven’t talked about this, the future of their relationship: they’ve been going out for, god, just under two years now, of course they’ve talked about it. Despite Tony’s history with commitment, and Steve’s inexperience with relationships, they’d both made it abundantly clear that they were on the same page with this—that this was long-term—even in simple moments where Tony would murmur
Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s forehead, brushing his knuckles lightly against his boyfriend’s cheek. “Sorry. I mean, I was being honest, I have faith in this to work out, but— Say your piece, I’m listening.”
Tony tried to imagine he was repairing a circuit board instead, or doing minor upgrades in the delicate internal structure of the armour. He tried to imagine the white noise of the lab as he worked: the bots chirping as they offered him a tool, their soft whirring as they moved around. The clink of metal on metal, the squeak of Tony’s chair as he rolled from one workstation to another.
As for the rest of the Avengers, however, their downtime was not spent paying the Bartons back for room and board through whatever chores came their way. No, the rest of the team was busy scheming. Conspiring. Steve found it funny that for something he was almost positive was the product of two master assassins—trained for lives of stealth—they couldn’t have been more obvious about it.
, well, that was always more of a hypothetical thing, a
“First aid kit.”
“Mr. Stark?” Peter, this time. His voice had come out as a quiet kind of squeak, swallowed almost entirely by the rhythmic
Bruce reached out and without warning and grabbed the velociraptor nearest to him by the tail, lifting it high into the air and then slamming it down on the muddy ground, hard enough that Tony could practically feel the blow himself. And then, still in a rage, Bruce took another one—the one that had tried to take a bite out of Harry earlier—and catapulted it back into the forest like some kind of Olympic shot-put gold medalist, and off in the distance came a dull
“You are,” he insisted. “God, look at you, you’re still as gorgeous as you were a week ago. Still kind and caring and sweet. Funny.
— if he could play it cool without giving away everything he’d worked so hard to plan, if he could take one look at his boyfriend and avoid turning into a bumbling, lovesick idiot.
“Tony...”
It’s unfair, really, how Steve can maintain a poker face in the most dire of times, can keep secrets even the government wishes they could know, but one look at Tony and he just unravels into a tomato-faced mess.
“A truth serum,” Tony repeated dryly, as he looked from the half-empty mug of what he’d assumed was Irish coffee, to the flask sitting on the counter, to the expression on Scott’s face, growing increasingly concerned. Now, to be fair, Tony knew that he was prone to being more reckless and idiotic than usual when he’d been holed up in the lab for over fifty consecutive hours, but, at least this time around, he was pretty sure that he wasn’t the one at fault here. “You spiked my coffee with a
“Got it. Shutting up right now.”
Slowly, the T-Rex blinked.
Between the curious cock of Bruce’s head and Tony’s narrowed eyes, Osborn, thank God, could tell that neither were in the mood for mincing words. He set his fork down, took a deep breath, and said, matter-of-fact, “My lawyer is flying down here on Monday. In order for the park to officially open to the public, he requires one expert in a related field to sign off on it. Of Dr. Banner’s numerous PhDs—”
As far as rough weekends went, this was, hands-down, the worst Tony ever had — and considering one of the runner-ups involved being kidnapped by a terrorist group and held prisoner in a cave with a car battery hooked up to his chest, that was really saying something.
And for a while there, it actually worked. Tony’s hands, steady as ever, wove the sutures through skin, and it was only when he reached the halfway point that he was finally drawn out of his bubble of concentration by a stifled groan. Tony paused, letting a hand skim Steve’s ankle, thumb rubbing soothingly at his socked heel.
Steve, smartly, did not answer that.
And on the one hand,
“I’m not,” Tony says, honest as anything. He takes a deep breath, as if to prepare himself, and just for a second there, Steve can see through the cool exterior, can see that Tony’s actually
“Steve,” he said softly. “Will you marry me?”
“Okay,
It’s Tony’s day planner.
The Hulk grunted, as if opposed to the mere thought, but was distracted by a sweeping, full-body twitch. He stumbled back a few steps, reaching out to grab the branch of a nearby tree to steady himself, but accidentally snapped it off. A little bit wild-eyed now, he staggered backward into the brush of the forest, hidden by the lush foliage, with a series of distressed groans and grumbles.
“If you’re all ready, we can head back to New York,” Coulson said, with more of a smile than Tony had ever seen on his face — it might’ve been disconcerting if Tony wasn’t too preoccupied jumping for joy on the inside.
“Listen, I’m not gonna hurt you or anything. I just want Bruce back, that’s all.”
Steve nods, feeling like he’s floating. “It’s a yes,” he says, resting his foreheads together.
Tony flicked Bruce in the neck.
Tony narrowed down his options in the split second as the velociraptor sprung toward him, the arc of its leap seeming to pass in slow motion as he tried to decide whether to duck or run, duck or run, duck or—
Steve sounded almost bewildered as he said, “For what?”
Reaching over to ease the flask out of Tony’s grip, and looking for all the world like he was scared of getting his hand bitten off in the process, Scott flipped it over to reveal that the other side had been taped over and Sharpied.
So Tony wasn’t sure whether or not it was a relief that once they landed and he could take in his surroundings, he noticed that everything was stamped with the same brand:
“Oh.”
Tony must’ve looked just about as drained and anxious as he felt, because Scott offered a smile that was a little too sympathetic. “Hey, relax,” he assured, pawing around the cutlery drawer for a pair of chopsticks. “These lips? Fort Knox. I promise I won’t tell anybody.”
And that was a thought, being something like co-workers with Captain America. Tony might’ve resented the idea before he’d gotten to know the guy, or before he had his life saved by him, but now… Now, not so much. He was warming up to Steve at a frankly alarming rate, though he didn’t worry quite as much as he should’ve. He suspected that was partly because of all the epinephrine getting his wires crossed somewhere, anyway, and not entirely because of Steve’s lopsided little smile.
Maybe it was the fact that he’d fully given in to all of this—committed to being an absolute sap, at least for the rest of the night—that got the ball rolling, but Tony got so swept up in his words for a moment that, without even thinking, he ended up blurting out the one thing he’d been trying so desperately to keep to himself.
“I should make you a new suit,” Tony said, just to distract Steve as he peeled the combat pants, sticky with blood, past Steve’s knees and down to his ankles. “This one has no padding, the fabric is flimsy—” He patted the thigh of Steve’s good leg, prompting him to step out of his pants, then the same for the other, though Steve had to balance himself with a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “—and I could do so much better. Which you’ll just have to take my word for, I guess, since I don’t have any of my usual tricks and gizmos to show you. Alright, sit.”
“Listen, what I’m trying to say,” Tony interjected, before Steve could follow through with whatever self-deprecating statement he was about to make, “is that I love you no matter what you look like. Whether you’re Captain America or not. No matter what happens—if you get the serum back or if you don’t—I’ll always love you, more than anything. More than work, more than being Iron Man, and god, Steve, you know how much I love being Iron Man. But I’d drop any of that for you, if you needed me to,” Tony said with a startling earnestness that was only egged on by the slightly awed and slightly flustered look on Steve’s face, by the heat of the moment, by their proximity. By the truth serum, of course, which made it so much easier to say what he really, truly felt, and let him be open, vulnerable, in a way he rarely was. “I don’t ever want you to think you’re a burden, okay? I love you. I love taking care of you.”
“I love you, too,” Tony said, taking Steve’s hand in his, intertwining their fingers together. The cool metal brushed against his skin and a shiver of delight ran down Tony’s spine at the thought of wearing a matching band, of showing off to the world that they belonged to each other. “Steve,” he breathed, dizzy with excitement, affection, with the almost intoxicating truth rolling so smoothly off his tongue. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”
As if he could sense Tony’s doubts, Steve gave his hand a squeeze. “I mean it.” And because he was an absolute tease, and Tony absolutely smitten, Steve pressed a kiss to the tip of Tony’s nose, to his cheek, to the corner of his mouth. “As soon as we get off this island,” he said, firm, and it sounded like a promise.
“Might be easier if you were on your stomach.” Tony stopped pressing the gauze to Steve’s calf so he could roll up the sleeves of his dress shirt, now spotted with blood. Whose, exactly, he wasn’t sure. He pulled out the suture kit, making sure everything was properly disinfected and ready to go, and then took a moment to psych himself up. Caves, unsurprisingly, had a pretty unnerving effect on him.
He does know, however, that he can’t look at Tony while he’s saying it, and he brushes past him, out of the closet, and sits down on the edge of the bed instead. Elbows on his knees, head in his hands, Steve takes a moment to collect his thoughts, listening to the sounds of Tony getting ready for bed: the shuffling of clothes as he strips out of them, the light swish as they get tossed into the hamper one-by-one, the long stretch of silence that follows.
It’s something he’s always wanted, deep down. But considering his track record with relationships, it never seemed possible until he met Tony.
“Need a break?”
Steve snorted, but the laugh died on his lips a moment later as he searched Tony’s face, mouth agape and eyes wide. “Wait, I— You’re serious?” he said, propping himself up on an elbow, quick enough that the movement made the bed springs creak. “I swear to God, if you’re joking right now…”
A flash of lightning sparked, followed shortly by a rumble of thunder so forceful that Tony could practically feel it. Then another roll of thunder. Then another. And another. Strangely enough, the lightning seemed to have stopped altogether, which only made Tony suspect that what they were hearing wasn’t thunder at all.
Bruce had offered to make the trip to the opposite side of the island to manually switch the power back on, hoping to find Tony, Harry, and Peter along the way. Osborn at least had the forethought to send out to a small team of security personnel with him.
“Yeah, like this was their doing.” Steve scoffed, shuffling his position—much to Tony’s displeasure, which he didn’t hesitate to convey through a series of tired, unintelligible grumbles—until he was lying on his back. At least he could stretch out a bit now, even if he did risk falling over the edge of the mattress.
Bruce shrugged like it wasn’t a big deal, but his smile betrayed the pride behind his expression. “I was thinking about trying for an eighth before— Well. Before.”
“This is perfect,” Steve cut in, with that million-watt smile of his. “God, Tony,
It turned out Steve had been cut twice: the first laceration, curling around his upper thigh, from quad to hamstring, was shallow, the skin already beginning the process of healing itself; the second, running from just above the back of his knee down to the side of his calf, was a lot deeper and probably required stitches. Christ, it looked like it tore right through the muscle.
And, okay, admittedly, Tony may not have been as well-versed in the art of subtlety as previously thought, because Steve caught on right away, biting back a smile. “Mhm. Seems we are.”
Tony was far too exhausted to be embarrassed about any of it, but he still didn’t look Steve in the eyes as he sighed with a certain air of finality, an announcement that he was all done. And when Steve wrapped an arm around him, seeming suddenly so much closer than he’d been just a moment ago, Tony didn’t let himself think too much as he dropped his head onto Steve’s shoulder, resisting the urge to bury his face in Steve’s neck. “I’m sorry,” he murmured, deflated.
actually was — Osborn was entirely evasive when asked about the park, stating the same platitudes over and over again:
Steve was back to murmuring soft assurances next to him, his hand moving up to card through Tony’s hair for a while before continuing to rub at his back again. It was nice to be held and touched and taken care of, especially after the last couple days of being so focused on looking after everyone else.
to work with here, even scraps, even—
For all that could be said about Isla Nublar, Tony had to admit, it was beautiful. From overhead, it was easier to make out the patches of dense forest scattering the island and the large empty fields, but the view was even better when they flitted through the rocky cliffs and past a hidden waterfall. And while Tony was definitely a big city kind of guy, born and raised, he did have a certain affinity for the tropics — sure, this wasn’t quite the Bahamas or Bora Bora, but it was at least a good sign after being promised an exciting getaway weekend. Maybe he’d even have enough time to make himself a Tom Collins and bask in the sun for a few hours, between dealing with Osborn’s increasingly worrying surprise and talking shop with Banner.
I’ll marry you,” Steve answered, throwing his arms around Tony and pulling him close. “What kind of ridiculous question—”
No more than a second after he’d entered the craft, a firm body was barrelling into Tony, strong arms wrapping around him and squeezing him just a little too tightly. Not that he minded; not when he knew that Bruce had made it back, limbs intact, smiling sheepishly as he pulled away, and Peter and Harry took his place, arms outstretched for a hug. Tony knelt down to scoop them into an embrace, letting out a breath of relief that tickled Peter’s hair.
Tony clapped him on the shoulder. “Well, that sounds like Osborn’s problem now. Speaking of which, I don’t know about you, but I’m kinda leaning toward not endorsing the park.”
“Oh, honey,” Laura said, dropping a kiss to her husband’s temple and patting his arm in consolation. “I’ve known them for less than two days and I knew.”
'Let me talk to my parents, I'm sure you can live with them,' Tony said. 'Jarvis is there, he will look after you and I'll be home as often as I can, alright?'
'Half past seven,' Steve answered. 'I'll be back in an hour or so.'
‘What the hell was that?’ Clint asked.
Steve immediately got up from his chair. 'Alright team, we need clothes, tech, and a way into two of the clubs we've been researching. I want two clubs by tonight. Let's try to get in there by the weekend. That also means we need some of you as customers! Sam, we're going to discuss how we're going to handle it. Natasha, Bucky, you guys do the same, I want a report about it before the end of the day! That's it, let's get to work!'
Then Tony tried one big wing-like piece of cloth. They built a construction where the wind would go under the wing, pushing it up in the sky. Tony made a metal frame he could hold, making sure he stayed under the wing as well. At the first try the cloth ripped. They made a stronger version that broke apart, and a third version that refused to go up in the sky.
Thankfully Tony was great at distracting himself. He repaired his robots with the freshly bought new parts, installed his A.I. everywhere in the house, and came up with a great idea for a new phone. It was only luck that he spotted the blond man again about a week later. Tony hadn't slept all night and was staring out of the window while sipping his coffee.
Steve smiled. ‘It did. Because we don’t actually have to go to the hospital to deliver the patients to you, we can move on to the next case quickly. I’m only here at the beginning and the end of my shift, or when I need to pick up extra supplies. So I guess we either worked different shifts, or we just didn’t end up in the changing room at the same time.’
'I do very much like coffee,' Tony said as he followed Buddy's example and took one of the cupcakes. 'Probably the only truth you'll ever get out of those magazines though. Also, I think these are a bit dark. Brown cupcake, brown topping and brown decorations. Coffee is a happy thing, I wouldn't have minded a more colourful topping or decoration.'
'What happened?' he asked.
'Nah, only if you're from around there. I live in Manhattan. Tony Stark, nice to meet you. Do you have a car, maybe?'
'But we found out that kids think it's boring,' Tony sighed. 'They don't wanna do science alone. They liked the idea of workshops, but not when they have to do things on their own. We just went over the report!'
Rhodey was just done cooking dinner when Tony came back home. Rhodey hardly ever had time to cook, but when he had some time off from work he cooked for Tony, so he would get to eat a healthy meal too. Tony might be a genius, but he didn’t seem to understand that you couldn’t live on coffee and grilled cheese forever. The guy had some nasty habits sometimes.
‘Is there something I can do to make up for it?’ Steve asked, feeling a little bad for the scratches Redwing left on the man’s face.
'Why do you think he doesn't want you?' Steve asked. 'You fought with Natasha and you could keep up with her pretty well. You're strong and fast. I'd want you on my team if I were him.'
the finest!’ Tony added. ‘Not just of New York though, we should be The World’s Finest!’
‘Just like that you’re coming with me?’ Tony asked. ‘You don’t even know me, or my boss. Why won’t you just leave and do whatever you want?’
'This doesn't work,' Tony said, not sad at all. 'But I have hundreds of other ideas! Let's play again next week. I'll bring paper and pencils and we'll draw the new ideas!'
'Of course,' Steve answered. He followed the smaller man inside. Steve's apartment wasn't big, but this place was tiny! There was only one room, with a bed, a couch, and a table. There was a small kitchen and a ridiculously small bathroom.
'Was Tony Stark just holding you?' Natasha asked. 'Do you have something you need to tell us, Steve?'
‘This guy looks awesome,’ Sam said as he looked through the sketches. ‘He’s cool, I bet the kids will love him. What do you think, Clint?’
‘Why didn’t you take your bike to the restaurant?’ Tony asked.
Pepper was going to kill him. She would ask him if he was alright and then she would kill him! He had completely fucked up again.
‘Thank you, that would be great,’ James answered. ‘Do you really not mind driving all the way to Brooklyn?’
‘Tony, I need a favor,’ James ‘Rhodey’ Rhodes said to his best friend.
‘Nice to see you again too,’ Steve answered, returning the awkward hug. It was a bit strange how they greeted each other like they hadn’t seen the other in months, even though it was only two days ago. And yesterday they might have been texting each other the entire day, but no one needed to know about that.
'Mom, Tony is here,' Steve said softly. He had knelt down next to her bed and stroked her hair out of her face.
Tony pressed a short kiss on Steve's lips. Now it was Steve's turn to look surprised, but then he smiled and kissed Tony back..
Olivia grinned wickedly before he opened the door and walked into the club.
‘So it would be fair if I keep one of you as my sidekick and throw the others out?’ Tony asked. ‘Just go, take of your fucking spandex, and live a normal life already.’
‘What?’ Tony asked. ‘Why don’t you just go yourself and have a fun date. Bring the chick here for the night if you want, I don’t care, but why would you want me to take your place?’
'I thought you'd come and look at my pieces first,' he said.
Meanwhile inside Natasha was watching the two men through the window. ‘Seems like Stark is reliving his teenage years,’ she commented.
‘Not really, but if I was drunk that might make sense,’ Tony said. ‘What do you want from me then? I’m still not building you a suit of flying armor, if that’s what you’re here for. If I ever create flying armor it’s for me, not for you. You’re a pilot, you can already fly.’
‘I’m not a stripper, sir, you can keep your money,’ Steve said before turning to the bartender. ‘Six shots of tequila, two beers and a Bacardi and coke, please.’
'Scott isn't really into them either, but he is into men.'
‘Yeah, Clint told me you could use some help. Sorry I’m late.’
‘Okay,’ James said as he looked at his shoes before looking back up. ‘Okay. I lied to you, I’m sorry. Pepper arranged the blind date for my best friend. He is straight and he thought he heard her say he was going on a date with a guy. Since I owe him a lot he asked me to go instead, and act like I was him. If you had been a girl he would have taken over from me after that first date.’
'Get Tony,' he ordered. 'This isn't going to be easy and it's sundown in two hours!'
'Let's go for a walk,' Steve suggested, and they started walking. 'They might have seen the light at the castle. I don't want them to come after me again.  Do you know about the history of dragons and the royal family?'
‘It’s almost like he is scared of the dark,’ Tony chuckled. ‘Imagine, Captain America being scared of the dark.’
'When I get hired I'll try to befriend one of them,' Steve said. 'Probably the Mexican guy. I think his name is Olivia. I think I saw a war hammer tattooed on his arm.'
Fury coughed to get their attention. ‘If you can manage to listen for a little longer, thank you very much. I want you to start training together, starting today. You can use the gym here in the building and in the basement is a practice room where you can use your powers and go all out. Find out about each other’s strengths and weaknesses, so you can help each other out in the field.’
‘Anthony! Steven! How good to see you! It has been a long time,’ Thor said happily when he spotted the two. ‘I heard your project was a great success! Not only are all the children in New York trying to build robots, but it also brought the two of you together. I am very happy for you and wish you all the love and luck in the world, my friends!’
'I'm not doing more if Stefanie could be in danger,' Tony stated.
'Well done, mister Stark, no need to redo any of that, we've got it. Great idea for the vague order, this will truly be a challenge for our bakers. There is an office for you, right over here. We'll come and get you in an hour.'
