Satisfied with Sherlock’s steady pulse and his present acerbity clearly signaling the return of normal cognitive functioning, the residual fear for Sherlock’s safety was beginning to fade and John found himself starting to wind up. He got to his feet and started to pace the length of the bed while Sherlock’s eyes tracked the muscles clenching in his jaw and left hand.
He reached for the oil.
Seeping down from around a void on the table, vast amounts had tried to make its way past the false floor boards to the real floor beneath. Bright red viscous liquid insinuating itself into the cracks between the boards where it could, and forming large pools in areas where it had nowhere else to go. Even the wooden box of sawdust under the table, a replica of those used all those years ago to absorb the run off of surgery conducted without anaesthetic, was saturated with the slowly congealing fluid.
Slowly at first, despite Sherlock's insistence to the contrary, a long slide in and out as Sherlock shifted his hips beneath him searching for the right angle. John knew they had it when the string of "yeses" became "more's" and "harder's".
Warm, wet tongue met warm, wet tongue as Sherlock returned the attention and his hands moved to John's face to mimic his hold.
“That’s enough,” Lestrade sighed, already exhausted.
“Sit,” John directed as he moved himself over to perch on the edge of the enormous porcelain soaker tub in the middle of the bathroom floor. It took up the majority of the room.
Sherlock knows what he will do to John.
about this situation is beginning to alarm me.” Sherlock's voice trailed off as a couple of staff members walked past him down the corridor.
Sherlock’s change of topic didn't seem to throw Sandrine in the slightest. “About a year now. I first met him in Cairo when I was working for another production company. He was looking to expand and asked me if I wanted to join him to head up his operation. It seemed like a good offer.”
“Make of them?”
"I want to be inside you, can I be inside you?"
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWlfTzphPdg&list=PLrIkK6hpkIUjgwIhno1_tVyqJku86KGG2&index=29&t=0s
shoes,” Sandrine bent to remove a pair of steel-toed boots from her bottom drawer and pulled them on. “See?”
"As do you."
Sherlock frowned. “Spoiling? How?”
“Yep, just before he grabbed Sherlock.”
“Always. Variables in climate, soil quality and agricultural practices all play a part. But government policy, market performance, environmental quality and the efficiency of natural resource use have the most significant impact, it’s managing those variables that proves the most difficult.”
Back in the office they had passed on their way in, Frank positioned himself at the computer terminal that sat in front of the window overlooking the driveway. John stood, arms folded, to one side, and Sherlock leant over Frank’s shoulder peppering him with questions as Frank fast-forwarded through the frames of the surveillance video that had been captured on the night in question.
Sherlock shot him a sharp look and John raised his eyebrows in mock innocence.
John was surprised however, when Sherlock gestured to the first cab and declared, “you take this one. I'll get another.”
the dominant process in the perfume industry but of course it introduces chemicals into the oil. Carbon dioxide extraction is far more expensive but it offers superior oil — oil considered to be the truest to the original fragrance in the flower. The carbon dioxide is safe and can be completely removed from the oil after the extraction process is complete.”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/0dHF8t7OIhgPele5WRUfWG?si=tjLqHfpWSuefnFRmQ0AxlA
“Sex. You were having sex,” Donovan stated dryly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not yet, but you are going to teach me.”
“Mycroft gave you this case? God, this perfume business — it’s not a front for chemical weapons manufacturing, is it?” John asked between mouthfuls.
The confusion didn't clear entirely from Holmes’ eyes, but it softened in appreciation as he took in his equally extraordinary companion’s touch. He eased himself back into his chair and let his eyelids slowly drift shut. Watson felt the constriction in his heart lessen. He left his hand where it was until the glowing embers in the hearth had faded and the calm of sleep finally took them both.
Ignoring Lestrade's questioning gaze and his own confused concern, Watson crouched down by the body and carefully removed his gloves, stuffing them in his coat pocket. If Holmes’ would not be forthcoming with an answer, perhaps the body would.
. Don’t you, Detective Inspector?”
the tests?" he directed his question at Lestrade, desperate to escape the cloying delicacy of the tone she obviously thought she needed to use with him.
"Yeah, he got that one last night."
bored,” Mycroft corrected.
intelligent,
Sherlock pushed himself off the wall, flicking the end of his cigarette onto the ground in front of him. “Oh John, they just think I'm an eccentric Englishman, you know, mad dogs and all that,” he gestured to his Belstaff and the still-burning-at-4pm sun before smirking again. “Or maybe they just didn't like your shirt.”
Sherlock declined to respond, his strop now reaching maximum velocity, and pushing back from the table announced “I think I will take that shower now.”
When John opened the door and found Lestrade and Donovan on the other side, he knew, he just knew. His stomach plummeted and his heart stuttered in his chest. He turned on his heel, leaving them standing there uncomfortably and made his way to the loo and shutting himself in. He turned on the tap and placed his palms on the edge of the sink, as he stared back at the image of himself in the mirror. And there he stayed, just like that, letting the water continue to run until he knew he couldn't put it off facing it any longer. Scooping up a handful of the cold water and splashing it over his face, he took a deep breath and went back out to face them.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/2aJWkpCXMvIIZISkMQr1lE
“Fancy place. But don’t you keep a residence in London?” Lestrade queried, looking down at his notepad and back up again at Moriarty. “Royalty Mews, Soho, I believe?”
Music for Chapter 23 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Do you ever have any problems with customers?” John queried, peering further inside.
“Oh, I was plenty concerned, I just didn’t have much choice.  The Portkey didn’t activate for another two minutes and I didn’t want the two of you to get caught up in the crossfire.  How’s she doing?”  John nodded at Cecelia resting in her wrap on Sherlock’s chest.  He pulled back the starry fabric enough to reveal her face, bright and thoughtful as ever.  She stared out at them curiously, her eyes eventually roaming above their heads to where the statue loomed.  She began to babble up at the stone figures, fingers poking and prodding at thin air as she gestured up at it.
John spotted Michael first and tried to make his way casually over to him. He passed one of the employees with a tray of tin cups weathered to make them look older than they actually were and snatched one up, taking a deep gulp from it to calm his nerves. He barely stopped beside a lantern before Michael approached him, making no attempt to hide it as he eyed John up and down.
“How kind of you, Mr. Holmes, thank you,” she said, her courtesy as true as his.  She set aside the cup to fully return her focus to Sherlock, her face still as blank as when she entered.   “You’ve deduced much of what I’ve come here for thus far…what more can you find?”
"Oh no," John seethed, taking a single step forward. "No more guessing games. I've been tossed about by you more times than I know and for once I'd like some fucking answers! I swear to God, Mary, if I have to force Veritaserum down your throat to get the truth, I will do it!"
“Not at all,” McGonagall replied.  “Though considered one of the best wizarding schools, Hogwarts isn’t the only one.  Just because our quill doesn’t consider the magic strong enough for him to attend doesn’t mean he wouldn’t have been invited to another school if he had been given the opportunity.”
Sherlock nodded, waiting for John to turn towards the hallway before following. John efficiently stripped off the soiled clothes, tossing them in the corner of the bathroom to gather up for Niall later. He washed himself quickly, being thorough enough to rid himself of the last evidence of their evening. A few minutes later he strolled back out into the kitchen wearing his robe and scrubbing a hand through his damp hair.
“Thank God the two of you finally got yourselves sorted out,” she commented, placing a foil wrapped package on the table next to them.  “Your father and I wondered if you’d ever figure it all out and stop dancing around each other like the ridiculous lovesick fools you are.”
“All right?” John asked Sherlock once he was gone, staring down at where his hand clenched his glass with concern.  Sherlock nodded tersely before draining it and reaching for the other.
Doyle, meanwhile, seemed to have given up on pursuing Sherlock for the time being.  Occasionally Sherlock would catch him watching him out of the corner of his eye, quick to turn his attention away the moment Sherlock noticed.  For the most part, Sherlock could ignore him in favour of John, particularly since he had begun to be even more romantic than usual.
Cecelia amused herself with the tiny toys in her stocking until the knock at the door announced Albus and Scorpius’ arrival.  While Sherlock went to lead them inside, John arranged the dishes of food as best he could with what room they had.  The children immediately made for the enormous pile of presents below the dust lit tree, sitting with surprising patience as Cecelia dug through it and handed over everyone’s gifts one by one.  Soon all three had their own individual piles surrounding them as they waited anxiously for permission to begin.
Mary held her hands open to them, palms facing upward. "You've had her the entire time. I didn't want to be a witch any longer, so I took on my born shape and joined the Muggle world. I wanted to start my new life with a truth, one I could actually claim as my own. You've always had the real me."
He couldn’t help a quick wank before pulling out his laptop, which thankfully was already in his room. He hoped it would calm the fire of desire the conversation caused, and ideally make that evening last a bit longer than it had the last two nights. From their reactions, their audience didn’t mind if the acts took less time than possibly expected, so John figured they must be doing something right. If nothing else, he was enjoying himself thoroughly, and so was Sherlock from what he could tell.
“Yeah, hold on,” John said, letting go of Sherlock long enough to rush out of the room and into his office.  Sherlock watched him go, attempting to ignore Harry’s concerned eyes staring intently into the back of his head.
“Took you two bloody long enough,” Lestrade called from about halfway down the alley.  Police officers littered the entirety of the small space, scrounging about in the semi-darkness caused even early in the afternoon from the pair of tall buildings at either side.  From afar, the bodies seemed fairly standard – laying side by side in crumbled heaps, they appeared to have tiny scorch marks covering nearly every exposed bit of skin, though each piece of clothing remained fully intact.  Sherlock stepped forward to kneel by the first body, eyes darting over it as Lestrade continued.  “Like I told you on the phone, they were found about an hour ago by the shop keeper next door.  They can’t have been here long, given he was the first to notice, but we’ve got no idea how they got here without at least someone seeing or hearing something.”  Sherlock snapped on a glove from his pocket and turned the dead man’s head gently, rubbing a thumb across his forehead.  As John caught a brief glimpse of the white skin, he was forced to stifle his gasp.
“Fair warning, Molly, this might be your only chance to avoid getting involved.”  Before she could reply, John pelted the snowball he had made at Greg, hitting him squarely on the side of his head.  Greg spluttered and straightened, wiping away the snow and turning a murderous expression on John.  “Tag, you’re it!”
On the cusp of the more
. I like how the page makes me feel…my followers don’t really know me and therefore only care about and judge me based on my looks. I can earn money Mycroft doesn’t know about and have control over how others view me without them hating me for knowing how I actually am.”
Sherlock grunted, but didn’t actually protest, his focus more on Cecelia.  Once brewed, John added a spoonful of the protein powder he kept hidden in a back cupboard to Sherlock’s tea.  He suspected Sherlock was on to him and had found the powder ages ago, but apparently from his lack of irritation and the fact that it remained in its original spot he didn’t mind.  He balanced both their teas and toasts back out into the living room to be greeted by a newly awake baby.
“Yeah, alright, you bloody show-off.  Care to put the theory into practice?”
John took another deep breath before finally releasing Sherlock's arms. He answered Sherlock's silent query with a sharp shake of his head. There was a worn gravel path, not unlike children would make over many passings across the field, and John led the way down it and into the town. He kept his head low as they walked, for once causing Sherlock to rush to catch up with him rather than the other way around. They skirted the main roads by darting down low lit alleys, eventually making their way closer to the coast. Sherlock noticed immediately that there were enormous cliff sides, hidden from view in the distance, causing an immediate drop down to the sand and surf. The sensation of walking along them reminded him of standing at the edge of the roof of Bart's, and he unconsciously made sure to place John between him and the edge.
“Innate, definitely.  It’s a sort of a sense of connection, I guess, or a kind of scent without it actually having a smell.  It’s hard to describe, but I’ve never been wrong in picking out a fellow metamorphmagi.”
“John, please,” Sherlock begged, both of his eyes clenching shut as John ran his tongue against the vein along the side of his cock.  The corner of John’s mouth ticked up in amusement and he swallowed Sherlock down fully, causing Sherlock’s hips to jolt and his head to fall back.  John hollowed his cheeks and swallowed, his hand that rested under Sherlock’s leg travelling upward under his dressing gown to rub along the crease between his pants and his arse.  Sherlock lifted his right leg to settle carefully over John’s shoulder as he panted up at the ceiling, his toes curling into the open air as he fought to push himself deeper with his arms and straining left leg.  John gripped his thigh in a desperate hold to pull him in better and Sherlock let out a yelp of warning before shuddering down John’s throat.
“That should keep things cosy and hopefully nuisance free,” he said.  He spotted John and Sherlock and his free arm swung out in welcome.  “John!  It’s good to see you looking fit and well!  Is this the Sherlock we keep hearing so much about?”
Flitwick shook his head, the movement shaking his whole body.  “Be that as it may, these distractions are growing to be too much.  I must insist that you both leave until at least this class is finished.”
His mouth twisting into a frown, John glanced to the side as he thought. “I don’t want you doing anything you’re uncomfortable with, though. The case isn’t worth it if it means you’re forcing yourself into sexual situations with God only knows who.”
So.  See that Additional Warnings in Author's Note tag up there?  Yeah, this is the first time this comes into effect.  The following chapter contains brief sexual harassment, mostly verbal and very slightly physical.  It is not done by John to Sherlock OR Sherlock to John, but it does happen to one of them (chances are good y'all can figure out where this is going).  While it will never go beyond words and occasional inappropriate touching, I wanted to warn you in case these are triggers for you.  This will happen again in later chapters, but I will ALWAYS warn you in the notes beforehand so that you know.  It is an uncomfortable topic, but it is one that I felt the need to illustrate, particularly between two men since we all know it happens but it is not discussed nearly enough.  I promise that the story has a happy ending (this is me we are talking about), but I feel strongly about portraying the issue of male sexual harassment and this felt like a good avenue for it.
John released Niall’s shoulders to face him properly, frowning in concern. “A case? Is something wrong with the exhibit?”
He pulled her into a hug, rubbing a hand up and down her back reassuringly.  “Just do it for your papa, please.  Mr. Doyle reminds me of a very bad man your da and I once had trouble with and it would make me feel better if you stayed away from him.”
“Are you okay, Papa?” she asked quietly into his shirt.  He smiled against her hair and kissed her head.
“It’s not that,” Sherlock muttered.  He waved his head at the cup holder that held his mobile.  “Texts from Mycroft.  It doesn’t make sense.”
“He hardly cared when we were waiting for your letter,” Stephen said solemnly.  “We tried to avoid talking about anything relating to it in front of either of you, but when you first started showing such strong potential – right around your sixth birthday, if I remember correctly – well, it was difficult not to be excited.  You had so much talent; it was all we could talk about for the next few months.”
, all made of a silky black fabric with gold decorations. The bottoms were simply a pair of very short shorts, smaller than John would even wear at the beach. The edges were trimmed with golden bands, with two lines running down the outside of both legs. John was most surprised by the other two pieces, which he quickly realised he would need help putting on. One seemed to be similar to the underbust corset Sherlock wore a few days ago, coming up to a curved point just below the bottom of John’s breastbone. It would overlap the shorts slightly once John put it on, the curved vee of the bottom mimicking the top. It also had gold trimmed edges, with buckles fastened with shiny buttons down each side and a twisting gold vine embroidery down the centre connecting the sides to the front. The top looked like a cropped jacket, another gold trimmed buckle for a front clasp and sleeves that went to his shoulders but no further. The high neck led to more buckles on the shoulders and John suspected it would sit just high enough on him to show a few inches of skin and hint at what was below.
“Come on, then, they’re safe.  They’re thestrals.”
Mycroft shook his head.  “I am afraid not.  I merely exemplify the Muggle half of Muggle/wizard relations.  Though our bloodline does have a spotting of magical background, I’ve been told.”
“He’s a consulting detective, only one in the world,” John parroted with pride.  As he went on to explain further, Sherlock watched as the man’s expression became increasingly more gleeful.  John leaned closer to Sherlock once he finished, placing a kiss under his ear before whispering, “Sorry, love, Slughorn’s likely to collect you now.  He has a bit of a thing for making sure important and successful people are close by.”
Constant and loyal,
“We found another note,” Sherlock confirmed, deflating Niall’s enthusiasm. He slumped back onto the desk with a sigh and ran a hand through his hair. “I wouldn’t worry yourself overly, however – I believe we’re close to uncovering the culprit.”
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock muttered, leaning forward to kiss John and run a hand through Cecelia’s sprinkling of hair.  “We learned what we needed.  Everything’s been settled.”
“S’okay,” John replied as he looked himself over. His pants were already clinging to his cock and balls uncomfortably, but he wouldn’t have traded it for anything. “I’ve dealt with worse than walking around with the evidence of a good orgasm.”
Cecelia wriggled in Sherlock’s arms, so John reached over and put her bee into her free hand.  With one hand on the bottle and the other clutching the bee, she used the toy to rhythmically pound against Sherlock’s chest.  “I’m…worried.  About two things.  It’s ridiculous and I shouldn’t be, but I can’t manage to stop.”
“Jesus, Niall, what sort of exhibit is this?” John asked with a chuckle. “Are you running an orgy or something?”
“That was the first thing I checked when we found them – both wands secured and unmoved.  We even did a few Prior Incantatos on them to check out the last spells the wands cast.  They were the same as when we brought them in, just the curses they sent at the two of you before John knocked them out.”
John compromised by falling in to kiss and nuzzle at each new patch of skin he revealed.  Before he even had Sherlock’s nipples revealed, his chest was dotted with bright marks, blending in with the flush already blossoming over his skin.  As soon as he could open his shirt enough to get at his nipples, John shifted his attention to them, scraping a nail over the right one to see Sherlock’s reaction.  Sherlock gasped and fell back fully on the mattress.  Instantly the nipple pebbled under John’s touch and the skin around it broke out in goose bumps.  Pleased with the response he elicited, John latched his lips around the nipple and gave it a brief suck.  He was almost bucked off from his spot over Sherlock as he let out a shout and jolted up.  John pulled back and brought Sherlock up into a sitting position, supporting his head and running his fingers through his hair in a smoothing motion.
They shared a smile, the emotion shocking for John, who had never seen Mycroft do so genuinely in the years he had known him.  The two of them continued to speak, moving on to less serious topics.  Their attentions were completely focused on each other, John forgotten or ignored.  John couldn’t help but grin to himself as he watched James’ hand tighten over Mycroft’s when he managed to make Mycroft chuckle.  Though it hadn’t been his main intention when he brought them together to meet, the sparks that seemed to naturally fly between them the second they met made John fluff up a bit in pride.  He left them to a moment’s privacy to grab himself a coffee and some warm water for Cecelia’s bottle.  When he returned a few minutes later, the two of them hadn’t even noticed John had been gone.
Sherlock returned his gaze to the books, but his attention remained on John.  “So you’ve had boyfriends before, then?”
“You two are our guests; I have more than enough children and children by marriage to do all of the difficult work.”  She winked at them and returned to shouting demands at the others.
A week later, John hadn’t managed to convince Sherlock to talk to Mycroft.  By the time they got home the night they visited the Holmes parents, it was after midnight and they both were exhausted.  After being reassured by Mrs. Hudson that all was well and checking in on a sleeping Cecelia, John dragged Sherlock to their bedroom.  Sherlock briefly hesitated, shifting from foot to foot in the doorway, but his tiredness finally won out.  With hardly enough energy to check that the baby monitor was close by and to slip out of their shoes, they both flopped into bed and were asleep instantly.
John pulled back and toyed with the rim, teasing out puffed whines that tickled his neck.  He brought a second finger along with his first, easing them in and carefully separating them to open Sherlock further.  The muscles in Sherlock’s arms quivered as he attempted to keep them where John directed.  Taking pity on him, John released his hip to take one of Sherlock’s hands up in his.  The grip was nearly tight enough to be painful, encouraging John to add a third finger.  Within moments Sherlock was thrusting himself back on his fingers, whimpering pleas into John’s neck and attempting to guide their joined hands down to his cock.
When Sherlock’s hand opened slowly and released John’s, John moved in to cup his face and pull him into a light kiss.  Sherlock attempted to respond, but his eyes had shut in pleased exhaustion and he couldn’t do much more than accept what John offered.  John smiled into it and used it as a distraction to slip free of Sherlock.  The squelching noises resounded more than he expected in the quiet and they both froze before bursting into giggles.
“Yes.  Just.  You’re actually moving back.”
Sherlock clenched his fist on the table, still unable to shake the uncomfortable feeling Doyle seemed to invoke in him.  He nearly jumped from his chair when another hand touched his knee, but when he shifted to peer under the table, he let out a relieved sigh.  Cecelia’s concerned face stared back up at him until he shifted his position so she could situate herself between his legs.  He dropped his fork so that he could wrap his arm around her and pull her close.  She took the motion as a sign to continue and climbed up to perch on his leg, resting her head against his shoulder.
"You did read the drive, then." He hadn't actually said it, but she could sense it from his tone.
Doyle just laughed harder as Sherlock tossed him aside and strode out of the pub.  His eyes glittered as he looked over his shoulder to watch Sherlock retreat.  Rather than follow, he let Sherlock run away as he straightened and adjusted his robes.  Sherlock made the mistake of glancing into the window as he rushed past and his eyes locked with Doyle.  Doyle’s smile grew once again when he spotted the fear at the back of Sherlock’s defiant gaze.  Pleased with himself, he wiped invisible dust from his front and returned to the bar.
“So then, Sherlock,” Slughorn began as Cecelia started to measure out ingredients.  “Your John was able to give me a few of the tales he’s written of your many exciting adventures.  Quite a life the two of you have led!”
“Back off, Doyle,” Sherlock growled, his fists clenching in preparation to fight if necessary as he bit out each word on a harsh breath.  Rather than taking the warning, Doyle spun him quickly until the small of Sherlock’s back was jammed fiercely into the edge of the table.  He released one of Sherlock’s elbows to jam his wand threateningly below Sherlock’s chin, causing him to freeze in thinly veiled concern.  Doyle cleverly hid the wand within the folds of his coat, making it practically invisible to anyone who might glance their way.  To any bystander, they simply appeared to be two men standing far too close considering one of them was practically engaged.  When Sherlock swallowed, his Adam’s apple nudged against the tip of Doyle’s wand.
“You’re the perfect one, you know that?”  John said as he straightened, scooped Cecelia up, and came to kiss Sherlock.  “A dick sometimes, ridiculous always, but definitely perfect.  If anyone ends up fucking this up, it’ll definitely be me.”
“Sure.
“You don’t mind?
“He wasn’t a very nice man.
Half an hour later, they rolled two smaller globes and stacked them all on top of each other.
John asks worried and shuffles the blanket closer around Sherlock.
Sherlock is already splashing around through the shallower part of the water. He sees John approaching and lifts his fishtail as a greeting. This always makes John smile.
He really feels awful. He has hardly slept in the last six weeks, nightmares of Mary
“John
Unfortunately, Sherlock was not the only student at Hogwarts who harboured romantic feelings for the hot Quidditch player. John and Sherlock had become inseparable when they first met on the train to their way to Hogwarts. During these years, John had 6 relationships. Six different girls, small, tall, blond, brunette, black, curly, straight, shy, confident, smart, stupid. Six different girls and six different break-ups. The longest lasting relationship had been with Mary Morstan. They’ve spent nearly all of Year Six together, until John had spectacularly broken up with her. It had been the number one topic of gossip for weeks. Unfortunately, the public opinion had soon sided with Mary, and turned against Sherlock. His fellow students speculated that Sherlock had come between them and bewitched John so that he would break up with seemingly perfect Mary Morstan. Sherlock believed privately that Mary had started the rumour herself. He had carefully approached John, wanting to know the real reason, but John had always randomly changed the topic, until Sherlock stopped asking. He had learned that sometimes, it was best not to press the other boy into answering.
“He is probably listening in right now, that bastard.” Sherlock says and raises his voice a bit at the end, so Mycroft, who is in the room to his left, can hear him. The only answer is a stifled cough through the walls.
The plane didn’t turn around.
A few students smile, so Sherlock counts that as a good sign.
The boy seemed to be waiting for something, but Sherlock couldn’t figure out for what.
The men howl with laughter, and Sherlock is kicked in his side. He falls to the ground and before he has a chance to recover, someone else plants their boot in his stomach. All air leaves Sherlock’s lungs and he gasps. Large hands grab him and put him back on his feet. It is not a friendly gesture, because Sir Walter only uses his new position to rip at his clothes. Sherlock sinks back his feet. The chill of the room hits his bare shoulder, and he hugs himself. Another man kicks his buttom, and he nearly lands face first on the ground. The laughter feels unending in Sherlock’s mind.
Sherlock whispers. “What do you see?
“But I don’t know how this is supposed to help me.
Sherlock nods again.
John rubbed his hand over his aching face and groaned. Any wish he may have harboured about their relationship died when he found Sherlock chained up in her basement. However, this would also hopefully give them answers.
Sherlock felt John’s shoulders move slightly against his. The other boy was trying to stifle his giggles.
But how was he supposed to concentrate when his big brother was munching on his pizza, grinning smugly, while his parents feed each other their pieces?
potion.
“Does anyone else know?
But John is not as smart as Sherlock believes him to be, and Sherlock is definitely not as smart as everyone thinks he is, and so it all worked out rather well for her.
“Are you going to sing a love song for me now?” Sherlock asks.
It’s sort of funny, really. The assassin was accusing him, a self-proclaimed sociopath, of caring too much. Maybe she was right. His emotions had gotten them both in this situation. Now his brother was a hostage to Moriartys best killer and there was nothing he could do.
TW: slavery, selling of children
Sherlock coughs nervously. “Did you really mean all the thing you said to me that night?
The Room of Requirement opens the curtains to a newly made window, and the moonlight envelopes the couple on their bed.
“Of course.  Will you and Mr. Holmes be paying me a call in the near future?”
She pouted, but soon brightened when the greenhouses came into view.  Speeding up and nearly tripping down the rest of the hill, she raced to the closest building and plastered herself to the window to try and see if anyone was inside.
“Shh.”  The sound was more of a feeling across John’s skin than an actual sound.  “You are the connection, John.  It’s obvious.  She is running on the emotions of her heart.  Where can we deduce that will take her next?”  Sherlock fell silent to give John the chance to reply, but all he received was a tickling sensation when John’s eyebrows furrowed.  “You know her best, John.  You are the only one of us to know best where she might go.  Think, John.  I know you can do this.”  Sherlock let his nose nudge against John’s in what was unmistakably an intimate fashion.  John’s reaction was to instantly jolt away, but from the way he gripped suddenly at Sherlock’s elbows and the excitement in his eyes, Sherlock could tell the motion came from revelation rather than disgust.
“Certainly not, John.”  He turned to shoot John a sly grin.  I’ve already taken it up, don’t be ridiculous.  Now can you get me the information I need or am I going to have to call Harry Potter myself?”
“Can we go see Neville down at the greenhouses?” Cecelia asked immediately.  Though they didn’t have the opportunity to go down there as often as either of them liked, Cecelia adored the greenhouses.  Sherlock made sure to bring her any time he went down to get fresh potion and healing supplies from Neville.
The woman nodded sympathetically and led them inside.  The house was homey and open, mostly decorated with photographs and the occasional painting than anything overly dramatic.  As they maneuvered John into a chair in the living room, three bodies raced in from the back of the house, all jabbering loudly at the same time.
After Cecelia was bathed and put in her bed for the night, John dragged Sherlock to the sofa.  They tangled themselves together on it, John leaning against the arm with Sherlock stretched on his back between his legs.  While John toyed with the fine hairs at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock held his wand before his face, alternating between squirming in John’s grip and inspecting it.
John flipped the top of the box open and immediately gasped.  He scrambled to get the object out and inspect it fully.  Inside was a decent sized glass case, the bottom a solid black wood base.  It contained a single Osiria rose, preserved at full bloom and suspended in midair.  John shook his head, his grin widening and his throat growing thick as he turned to look at Sherlock.
“You might not have noticed me, but I’ve been watching you,” Jones replied, his tone neutral and casual.  “Specifically your darling little baby, watching her grow up and seeing what she could do…a natural talent, just like her mother, with the potential to be her and even more.”
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
“Dead, obviously. No bruising except for the ligature points. No defensive wounds, no obvious signs of coercion.”
"I dunno Greg,” John sighed, exasperated, but determined to remain polite this time. “. Sunset? Around six? Why? What's he done this time?"
Out of time
From physical harm perhaps. A bullet to stop a bullet. A sword to stop a sword. But what to stop a mind? There was no doubt Moriarty was a genius, a brilliant mind. And a brilliant mind required a brilliant mind, not one struggling to catch up. The razor sharp deductions, the nuances that had always shone so brightly for him had become dull since Ireland, since the unmasking of their foe.
row and he left. He wouldn't tell me anything about what he was doing."
hurt John?”
"Okay?" John stilled, waiting for an affirmation.
“How did you know?”. He practically whispers. “How did you know it was me?”.
grandson • broken down vol. 1
“Sample testing for fungi, toxins, anything that would cause spoilage.” As if to demonstrate the point, movement on the other side of the door revealed a safety suit, gloves and eyewear being removed through the small pane of glass.
He nodded at John through the small window to indicate that he had gotten what they came for, but as soon as he started to push the second door open, he saw a shadow move behind John. His breath stuttered and his voice paralyzed by the sickening sound of a blow being delivered, the door swung open fully just in time for him to see John fall limply to the floor of the corridor and Guerin lowering a fire a bright red fire extinguisher.
“Jesus, John!” Lestrade exclaimed when he had a chance to take in the amount of blood still flowing freely down the side of John's face, over his ear and down his neck.
John walked along the embankment to Cathedral street and around Borough Market, and was just about to turn the corner into High street when a commotion caught his attention. Police cars  — a lot of them — and amongst them, the navy unmarked cruiser usually requisitioned from the motor pool by Lestrade. All were parked outside St Thomas' church.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/3Sdv5WmBPlqfcEhA3z2LyY?si=rNNk0VMzTiCGDHC3qjEGHA
"Shit."
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
John refused to consider it.
, down onto the bench seat.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/6SBFlmSGNwXUmewVLLFdsT?si=LY0CyuPNTyiXhz9nMXC2LA
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
Beginning Notes:
Now what? It wasn't going to stop. He wasn't going to stop. Moriarty had a plan. And it involved them both. And he doubted Mycroft would allow him close enough to put a bullet in the man's head, through his chest.
"Why is it here, and smashed?" John asked and then answered the officer's question: "Try 4-7-3-4". He then turned his attention to Lestrade.
Music for Chapter 45 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Sherlock transcribed the numerals into their alphabetical equivalents and then analysed all possible meaningful elements. After a minute of staring at what he had produced, he frustratedly swiveled the paper in John’s direction:
Music for Chapter 27  by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Alt text: Twelve. J. The world, grey. Absent any kind of human undertaking. S. Why do I still reach for you when I know, I am no longer a part of the life that you are actually living.
“I have to say Mycroft, the sheer volume of things you
he reminded himself) softness around his midsection was anything to go by. Skin irritation? No. To make massages more pleasurable? Who the hell was getting to touch John’s legs? Was John touching his own legs?
“If you don't mind me saying, this is quite frankly a bloody horrible plan,” Lestrade summed up.
Lestrade and Sebastian proceeded to climb over the back seat as elegantly as two six foot men could be expected to do so and Sandrine reached over to toss the tarp over the both of them.
Outside the door, Sherlock huffed as he paced. Unbearable. Excruciatingly, horribly, wretchedly unbearable! First, having to endure a journey of overwhelmingly tedious proportions (a minimum of 24 hours to get from London to Algeciras by train) and now, a drawn-out bloody ferry ride to Tangier on what was most likely going to be inexcusably unpleasant seas and would most probably result in a bout of debilitating and humiliating seasickness for Sherlock. And how in god's name was John going to propose they travel from Tangier to Marrakech? By bloody camel? No, this imposition was not to be borne!
“I just need to take a look at something, it’s not too far out of the way,” Sherlock dismissed, providing no further explanation.
“Sherlock, Jim Moriarty is not someone who's acquaintance you want to be making.”
Raking his fingers through his hair he drew in a deep breath. Time to pull himself together. He had just moved to push himself off the bench and make his way home when a now more tentative Lestrade called again.
“No ma’am,” Lestrade replied, "they are not."
“You don’t play chess.” Sherlock took one of the
A familiar face.
Only it wasn’t his stuffily suited, condescending snooty pratt of an obnoxiously annoying brother standing in the doorway with a ridiculously goofy grin on his face, it was
“Anything more, Detective Inspector?” Moriarty asked politely.
“And in the meantime”. John steadies him, leaning out. “Let's figure out why the bloody hell a photo of your beautiful hands was lying under a bloated corpse”.
But now … now John was taking his revenge. This was going to be done at John's pace. Easy, relaxed, excessively drawn out, and it was going to drive Sherlock to certain distraction. What Sherlock also did not know was that John knew how much Sherlock wanted this new case. John grinned at his reflection in the bathroom mirror.
Sherlock reached into his trouser pocket, presumably for a lighter, but instead dislodged a used epi-pen which tumbled noisily to John's feet. Sherlock's eyelids fluttered slightly in alarm before he was able to school his features back into an unreadable mask.
… Oh god, he hadn't? Sherlock hadn’t gone and taken Moriarty out himself had he? Fuck! If he had, there was no way out of this one, no way Mycroft could cover this off as one of his brother’s little faux pas', a mission gone bad ...
And for a man who never said please any other time, Sherlock said it an awful lot at times like this. John quite liked hearing it.
John stilled. “The person, on the video, what did he look like?”
Lestrade crossed his arms. “No, Sherlock. You can go to the Yard, but the Yard does not come to you. Chain of custody over the evidence has to be watertight. It stays at The Met.”
"That's what we’re trying to figure out."
And now, amidst coming to terms with the death of yet another person in his name and embarrassed about having to discuss the nature of his relationship with the victim, John’s main concern seemed to be what Sherlock thought about all this.
John knew the actions by heart, could do them, had done them, blindfolded.
A voice says behind them.
John sighs: “Why not? God knows, I desperately want to leave this place.
“From what I have learned, your presence in John Watson’s life has only caused the latter pain, murder and lots of grief. Like my other three guests, you are a danger for your supposedly loved ones. You are causing him pain every day, Sherlock, just for existing!
John gets two dusty bottles of fire whiskey and pours them a generous amount.
“I can’t sleep. Every time I try to, all I can see is…
“Wait, I want to try something.
Close to him, stands Sherlock, in his usual formal attire.
Sherlock smiled: “Of course.” John’s gaze wanders to Sherlock’s lips, and his whole resolve grumbles. Mycroft is still staring determined at his laptop, so John pressed a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
“I should probably get over. I promised Irene and Molly a dance.
He couldn’t blame them, Sherlock didn’t understand it either.
John says, his voice sounding a bit cold. Sherlock does not dare to answer, and John partly carries him to the bathroom, with one arm slung around Sherlock's shoulder.
). They are going to miss their final exam in Divination, but Moriarty does not appear to care much about that.
“Hello?
Sherlock sighs: “Why did you want to talk with me?
Sherlock stutters, busying himself with the biscuits to hide his relieved expression.
, nearly dying of being shot in the heart, getting thrown into jail and nearly send off to a suicide mission, and finally, getting kidnapped by Mary, causing
“Yes yes, alright.” John says, and the door finally opens.
“Surely not even you can know everything, Sherlock.
“Mummy, you ordered the wrong one!
“Hey!
Sherlock and John confront Magnussen.
John says laughing, and Sherlock accepts the pen.
some more or play
The cupboard is dark, there are two drawers in it and Sherlock hopes he will get some clean clothes. All his toys and experiments vanished in the fire, and he misses all of it terribly, his gorgeous violin the most. A small mattress with a blanket and a cushion is lying on the ground.
just barely clean the room and prepare the next flower potion. The incoming
protected his little brother.
For now, he has to call a mother and a father and tell them what happened to their sons.
Another awkward silence.
“Did I hurt anyone?
“What about the guy from the
John coughed and started searching through his trousers pocket.
, hoping to apply that to himself too.
He soldiered his long spear in his right hand and the short sword, his
’s large villa, it soon went downhill. They learned that
John asks his boyfriend.
John is standing on his doorstep, nervously clenching and unclenching his fist which leans on the wall.
Sherlock had scoffed, but John knew he was secretly touched.
Dad sat down on the only chair in the room and started a discussion with
A life as a gladiator was a peculiarly hard one, either you were popular with the Roman people and could maybe earn money for themselves (the biggest dream of every slave was to buy themself free, but this dream was seldom fulfilled), or die a brutal death in the arena. For Anderson, it will be the latter one.
After about five minutes of this, he regrets the fact that he forgot to bring his smartphone. He has a map app on it and could also watch the time, but without it, he is lost right now. He is hungry, he is tired and John is nowhere to be seen.
Sherlock gasped and hid his mouth behind his trembling hand. His whole body quivered, but he stared at the waiting John intensly.
Well, Sherlock can berate him for distracting him after he wins. Sherlock dashes off to the right. He quickly remembers the layout of the house he saw outside and decides to head off further to the right, except… There is no way. In his haste, Sherlock runs directly into a mirror and is very happy that no one is there to witness it. He rubs his nose for a moment, then stretches his arms out and slowly navigates himself through the labyrinth. Twice more, he nearly collides again with a mirror.
to flirt with the hot delivery guy‘. Or even better, he
"What is it then?"
poster on the wall, a perfect replica of a human brain. Why again is John considered “the romantic one” in their relationship?
"Seriously? For ten days? GINGERBREAD?“
His head hurts like crazy, and Santa’s face is wobbling in front of him.
Sherlock’s gaze is hiding under his long eyelashes, but he looks up when John presses a kiss on his land, like a gentleman would do to his lady.
Sherlock cries.
She whispers dramatically into Sherlock’s ear, and he recoils so fast that his shoulder bumps into Molly’s.
“Like your virginity!
John dreams of his significant other.
? His drug addiction? Or even…
Watson answers, and the two giggle together. Sherlock picks up a piece of duck and eats it to satisfy the doctor.
Sherlock starts carefully.
“Do not feel neglected. You will be next.
John asks, feeling grumpy. They have been walking through the castle for half an hour now, because Sherlock wanted to show him all the new knight statues they decorated for Christmas. His feet are getting cold, and surely at some time a teacher would catch them? John wouldn’t stomach more extra homework to make up for Sherlock’s many shenanigans. Not in his seventh year, when he should study all day long. Of course, the brilliant git just had to read everything once and be done with it, John isn’t so lucky.
Of course, she will still tell him.
“Oh, yes. I loved the extra library we had in there, and my own room of course.
He was startled and his heart was racing, but you wouldn’t notice it just by observing him.
So I’m neither a dick nor weird. That’s good to know.
John declares with conviction. He brushes Sherlock through his thick curls.
The sea stays Sherlock-less, and yet John still tries. He walks into the cold sea with bated breath and continues to scream for his boyfriend.
“They tied me up, prevented me from sleeping, and interrogated me. The men were old-fashioned, they preferred the more medieval methods over the subtle torture methods our government likes to employ.” Sherlock said quietly and pointed at his back. These men had lashed his back with a whip until he bled.
“Very well, because I am going to find the woman we know as Mary Watson, and make her answer for her many crimes.
He towered over the slave.
called them three hours ago, and I talked with them too.
His shout is hardly heard over the loud wind. “Sherlock, please, come back! We have to talk about this!
At first, John assumed Sherlock wouldn’t want to go to the school dance, until Irene approached him, two weeks before the big day.
If John wanted presents from Sherlock, of course.
Sherlock’s screams were still running through his head while they flew through time again, and landed back into the orphanage. They were now in another room, just as dirty and cold as the ones before. A few children were playing with broken soldier figures on a brown carpet. Mycroft searched for Sherlock and found him huddled in a corner. He had not grown much and was now wearing an iron brace around his right leg. His face was hidden behind a blanket. His health must not have improved then, thought Mycroft. He would have been of no use to father.
stared at John, open-mouthed. The soldier was heavily breathing, then hurrying to the dead detective. He dropped down to his knees and rolled Sherlock’s body on his back. Greg was searching for his handcuffs when the detective began to cough and opened his eyes.
He says and hopes that part of the conversation has now come to a sufficient end.
That’s when she knew she was trapped. After all,
She herself freed her last two ones after her husband had died.
They still have a whole night to go, and traditionally, John was only allowed to see Sherlock in the church, but the two young men were never really traditional, and John refuses to be separated from his beautiful future husband for a whole night.
John whispers and makes a motion with his
again.
tries to keep the number of students with missing limbs and concussions to a minimum.
Mummy had insisted on the obituary. Sherlock had been against it because he knew that Mycroft would roll his eyes at it, but she didn’t want to hear any protests. The mans fingers touched his lips and Sherlock flinched, disgusted, but he only laughed.
, they managed to cut his chains open. John knows that it would have been wiser to wait for the paramedics and the stretcher, but his selfishness won. He wanted to get Sherlock out of that basement where he nearly died in as soon as possible, away from the corpse of his would-be murderer. He needed Sherlock close to him, to reassure himself that Sherlock is alive and safe and no longer missing. So he ended up carrying an exhausted and sleepy Sherlock out of the house, followed by dozens of curious eyes.
than ever. Sherlock wishes he could be back in bed, with a cup of tea and a hot-water bottle, knowing everyone else is safe from him, but Mary took this away from him in a brilliantly cruel way.
She doesn’t sound too thrilled (still angry about him arriving late then), but Sherlock quickly stands up and bows his head. He is secretly pleased to hear that the students are clapping and some are even cheering. Maybe he isn’t so bad at his job after all?
says, and Molly breaks out in a giggling fit. What a betrayal.
They all watch their friend walk slowly into the Themes, and giggle when Greg gasps and swears.
Sherlock lied. Mummy claims the tube gives her headaches, Father says it's too fast, and
Marley.
The church was crammed with people in non-white clothes and funny hats. Yellow and white flowers decorated the seats. The floor was hidden under a red carpet.
ends the evening and sends all the students away. The newly made perfects run around to collect the frightened first graders, and the students trickle out to their common rooms. Sherlock pretends to finish drinking his tea until everyone is gone, so John won’t feel embarrassed because of his limp (not that there is anything to be ashamed of, but John Watson must be a proud man). John gathers the hateful cane in his hand. Sherlock and John slowly leave the Great Hall together, and Sherlock is just about to leave to his rooms, when John stops him with a hand on his arms.
Sherlock tears himself away and runs off.
The Ghost shook his head: “There is someone else.
Lestrade was standing up, his knees shaking. He was able to hear voices from the next room. One of them sounded like John’s. Was he confronting
John was intrigued. After Spartacus and seventy other slaves had run away, the sellers were much more careful with rebellious slaves.
, at the age of 9, was deemed qualified and therefore brought away from the cold, overcrowded orphanage, where there was never enough food, room and clothes for everyone, to the great mansion in the best street of London.
“Sherlock, you probably have a concussion. The nurse will be here shortly to examine you further. Can you tell me what happened?
“Sherlock Holmes.
team for the students.
Now, John knows that he should have done more to help his mother. He should have called the police, tricked her into a cab and brought her to hospital.
. The older
“Give me the fucking key for this monstrosity.
“It is just for one night. I will survive, and tomorrow we can go straight home. Or you can just go home now, put Mrs Hudson’s mind at ease and sleep comfortable in our bed.
“STOP IT, STOP IT YOU
“You were a
"What you did was extraordinary."
groaned at the noises, walked through the room and threw open the door.
“I should have prevented it.“
pretty
Sherlock wished more than ever now that he had internet connection. He could google
He says, trying to sound as confident as possible and not like he is scared shitless. “Why are you calling me like this?
John flinches: “No, we are not. I am not gay.
“Who is we?” Lestrade inquired again, and Sherlock lifted his head. They had now reached the door. Lestrade stared at Sherlock’s beaten face for what felt like hours, and his intrigued face had turned into a shocked face.
exclaimed the Ghost
Get yourself together, Sherlock, he berates himself as he finds himself next to his friend.
Holmes would never let the killer of his baby brother ran free, and John Watson, as always, had chosen Sherlock’s side. They would watch her until the baby’s birth date was due, and then they would throw her into some high-security prison.
John Watson never believed in God. In his childhood he and Harry were dragged to dozens of church services on Sunday morning, but they always spent the long hours whispering insults or jokes at each other, depending on the day. In the desert of Afghanistan he abandoned any last thought of the existence of a God. Whatever brought him later into the warm rooms of 221b Baker Street must be someone higher-up though. Surely a single man couldn’t be so lucky to meet Sherlock Holmes.
“We will go take a shower now and then you are immediately off to bed.
John hands him the glass, and they both begin to sip.
"John. It's a nice dream, a wonderful imagination. But it can't work. It wouldn't be us."
on one of his many forbidden nightly wanderings (at least he kept himself in the castle now. John had to hurry through the Forbidden Forrest for a rescue mission in the darkness far too often). The Mirror had been stored away in an old classroom. The teachers are patrolling every night through the corridors, but Sherlock is way too good at hiding or dressing himself up to get caught, even by one of the famous Hogwarts teacher.
Sherlock says, the giddiness overwhelming him. He is allowed to keep this.
“Hey!
Sherlock blushed, then spoke very quickly: "Are you happy?“
had saved him, under the ruse of a terror attack in London, but after nearly two years of undercover, Sherlock knew better. His brother had missed his own goal, he had allowed himself one weakness in his life, and tragically it was Sherlock.
As for the inconvenience… Sherlock was on the way to Tesco to buy the milk. John had been a bit grumpy this week due to stress at work. He wanted to do his new boyfriend (it still felt weird to think about it, to name it) a favour.
He is aware that Sherlock is incredibly nervous, maybe even scared, off the wedding, the celebration and what comes after, meaning their wedding night. Sherlock was always seen as an unwilling guest, the son of the enemy, and aside from John and Mrs. Hudson, their cook, the Scottish weren’t nice to him. John is determined to change that attitude tomorrow. Nobody will treat his husband as anything less than Sherlock deserves, and Sherlock deserves everything. John will show it to him today.
John let Sherlock rest on Greg’s sofa, while Lestrade made them tea and asked a dozen questions. John tried to answer them all, while Sherlock nibbled on a few crackers and forced a glass of water down his throat.
, and after a few more movements he comes, his cock buried deep into Sherlock’s body. John collapses on top of Sherlock, who pulls his arms around his chest to keep him right there.
far as weddings went. Not that he wanted to be involved in the planning process. Mary made most of the choices, while Sherlock brought dozens of options on the table for every little thing. John had always been glad when Mary left them alone.
, his mother asked.
, a rehabilitated Anderson, a surprisingly nice Sally, a James from forensics and Stella Hopkins. The Greg John mentioned is apparently not coming. Maybe he has something more useful to do.
John says back. “I practised a lot.
The basement was already crowned. John spotted with his flashlight several packed moving boxes - those were probably the Christmas lights - and he let out a scream when he discovered a large clown puppet hanging from the ceiling.
John whispers, bending his knee back and forth. A heartbeat passes. Then, he grabs Sherlock by his hips, lifts him clear of the ground and spins Sherlock in circles.
John shrugs: “That is the risk we choose when we do our work. We can only promise to be careful and stay together.
Sherlock sinks down on his chair and rubs his eyes. This week has been a disaster from start to finish. Thankfully, the end is near. The last school day before the Christmas holidays has finally arrived with the annual feast, the mandatory Christmas party for the teachers is on Sunday and after that, he can finally travel to Baker Street.
“Your guess is as good as mine.” John shrugged and blew on his hot tea. “Maybe she wanted money for him.”
The second part. First part is chapter 13.
“What is going to happen to her?”
“How is it going with you and Greg?
"Don’t be ridiculous. Who wouldn’t love you?“
“John?
shut up!
“I know I have hurt you in the past when I didn’t tell you about the pregnancy. But if you come with me, we can try again! I can become truly pregnant this time, and we can finally be a happy family without all the burden of our old lives!
"She wanted to keep John. I can understand that."
finally announces, and with a wink the five long tables groan under the weight of roast beef, potatoes, bread, chicken wings, fish, salad, the ever-present chips, noodles… Everything you could wish for. The table for the teachers is a bit more individual, depending on what the teachers like to eat the most. Sherlock finds himself confronted with mountains of cooked rice, fried chicken, dumplings and sweet duck. He puts little pieces of everything on his plate, then starts dragging it from one side to the other over his plate. He does not feel very hungry.
Sherlock closes his eyes to compose himself, and suddenly the events of last night come back with distant clarity.
“Jesus Christ. Some rich asshole pushed me away and I lost sight of you. I first reached the exit, believing it's the most logical point, but I was just about head back.
“What is going on here?
John cannot hold his questions in any longer.
Hundreds, maybe thousands of ghosts, like Old Marley, were flying through the sky over London, dangling with heavy chains, wide-opened eyes.
John says. He adds something, but Sherlock can barely understand over all the loud noise they are now confronted with. They reach the platform just fine, and Sherlock walks automatically to the right, knowing it’s the most common direction to get to the exit. Except people are suddenly directly before him, pushing him in different directions, and John’s arm is gone.
Sherlock
Sherlock may be terrible drunk, but he can still answer a school nurse: “He is not yours.
Sherlock suddenly started to throw up. Mary cursed and ripped the towel out of his mouth and pushed his head to the side. Some vomit landed on the floor before the detective’s eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he fell unconscious once more. Mary groaned and cleaned the waste away before the smell would become too bad. She probably had used too much of the hallucinogen, but she didn’t feel the need to stop now. A few seconds before the vomiting, the Tiger Bench finally did what was promised and broke the detectives left knee. With some luck, the other knee would break soon too. He wouldn’t be able to walk again for a very long time. Good luck John, she thought, with all the therapy he is going to need!
The detective slowly shakes his head, the panic in his stomach rising. Stupid, stupid, stupid. He assumed she needed help, and John obviously still loves her he is her husband and right now at probably at Baker Street, sleeping. The last two weeks have been emotionally and psychically exhausting, although John has taken the news of the not-existing baby rather well. After a glass of scotch, John admitted to feeling relieved. Sherlock had only nodded. He didn’t want to say it out loud, but he is glad that he won’t have to ban his experiments from his fridge and make the flat baby-proof (he would have done it of course, and gladly, but it is so much easier this way).
Sherlock frowned and buried his face back into John’s neck.  He rubbed his cheek into the fabric at his shoulder, snuffling deeply.  He huffed warm breaths against John’s neck and John suspected he may be crying again.  John clutched him impossibly closer and simply let him be, waiting for him to compose himself in the comfort of his arms.
“The Woman.  All women are beyond my predilection, John.  Even her attention to me really only extended to my mind – even if I had been interested, I doubt she would have followed through on her threats, at least not without something worthwhile in it for her.”  He sank down to sit on one of the steps and John came to rest on the one below him.  “My dating background is slim, but it has always been with men.  I’ve never truly been in what you could call a traditional or even official relationship, however.”
Glancing down at his two loves in his arms, John looked back up at Harry and smiled weakly.  “Yeah, we’re fine.  Better than I expected when this all started, at least.”
Aw man.  Guys...this is it.  The final chapter.  This monster I have been dealing with since November 1st is done.  It definitely isn't perfect, there are certainly plot holes and inconsistencies that need to be fixed, and there are questions to be answered in the next story.  But overall I find myself content and hopefully you will too.  It has been a delightful journey with all of you and I look forward to seeing what you think.
“I think it would be interesting to learn how to fly on a broomstick,” Sherlock mused as he shifted to rest his arm over the top of the sofa.  “I doubt I’d be much good at playing, but flying…that could be fascinating.”
Shout out to Ashlee for the beta! You da best
John let the fond smile he’d been holding back finally fall onto his lips. He lifted a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, rubbing his cheekbone with a thumb. “You couldn’t figure it out yourself?”
Christmas morning began with a far too early wakeup as John was roused from their bed by a Gryffindor who had been tricked into taking a particularly bad Weasley product from a mischievous James Potter.  After telling him off with a threat to expose him to both his mother and grandmother, he sent the boys back to their dormitory and returned to Sherlock warm and asleep in bed.
They said their goodbyes and offered their thanks to Dumbledore and McGonagall.  The steps leading into the office shifted, alerting them that someone was approaching.  Hastily, the pair moved back to the fireplace and Flooed back to 221b.  Thankfully neither James nor John was in the living room when they passed through, but immediately both Sherlock and Mycroft set out to discover their whereabouts.
By the hell that is reality
When he felt Sherlock gasping for breath, John pulled away and started to kiss down his chin and along his jaw.  Licking against the skin right where jaw met neck, he let out a breath and nibbled at the goose bumps that formed in its wake.  Sherlock shuddered and a high pitched whine rumbled up his throat.  John felt the movement through his lips and groaned in reply.  He nudged his nose against Sherlock’s Adam’s apple, causing him to dip his head back and reveal more of his neck for better access.  John ran his teeth on the bump while the hand not supporting his head moved downward.  He let his fingers skim over each dip in Sherlock’s spine, eventually allowing his hand to settle on the top part of the swell of Sherlock’s arse.
He slowly typed out his response before he tossed the mobile into the seat next to him, trading it for his book.  Thumbing through the pages in search of where he’d left off, John felt the train give an abrupt shift forward, the doors beginning to slide closed.  Just as they were about to shut, a gloved hand shot out to pull them back open, a tall figure lurching inside.  He stumbled a bit before righting himself, smoothing down his coat and turning a glare on the carriage at large.  John met his eyes over the top of his book in an automatic response to the noise, but his eyebrows rose as he willingly took a second look.   The man frowned in reply, the expression one more of confusion than irritation, and he rushed past John’s set of seats to flop into the pair directly behind and across from him.  John ached to turn around and continue staring, but chose to bury his nose into the mystery printed in his novel instead.
“And after that one inevitably woke you up?”  John waved his head toward Cecelia as he poured a splash of oil in the pan and added a few eggs.
“Ah. So. It was just for the case? You actually did want to…”
“Just some hand jobs. I didn’t want to start off with anything too wild.” While he opened one of the packages, John watched Sherlock do the same with the other out of the corner of his eye. “You, ah…have done this before, right? It’s just, Mycroft said…and if this is your first time, it really should be in a better situation than this – “
Somehow he was always aware of Sherlock, however.  Whether he was simply sitting silently in the seat beside him or attempting to get him to swallow down countless cups of tea, John could always sense when Sherlock was in the room.  The sensation tinged beneath his skin as though he had a homing device directly connected to the man, alerting him of his every move to reassure him that this time it was Sherlock attempting to comfort him, Sherlock urging him to open up and talk, to eat and sleep and care for himself in one of the many ways John always attempted to care for him.  Though currently unable to express it, the mere fact that he was not mourning Sherlock this time around, let alone that the man was watching over him with anxious devotion, was enough to comfort him completely.
Sherlock and Cecelia set off to find a class to join for an afternoon, with mixed results.
“We found another note,” John explained. “There was a possible semen sample on it, so he ran off to see if he could get anything out of it.”
John nodded and grinned up at him, squeezing Sherlock’s arm. “Brilliant as always. Though it still doesn’t explain why we didn’t have him arrested on Wednesday when you had proof in the video.”
“I’m sure I’ll be fine, but thanks.” John kept the fact that the idea of finally getting to touch Sherlock made him feel as though a helium balloon was swelling in his chest to himself. He wiped his sweaty palms on his trousers and adjusted his holsters to sit more comfortably around his chest. Before he had the chance to say anything more, the door to the main dressing room opened and the night’s audience trickled in.
Rosmerta arrived seconds later, two pints of butterbeer in her hands.  “On the house, gentlemen,” she said, grinning widely at Sherlock.  “Just let me know if you need anything else.”
“Evening, gentlemen,” Greg said as he took Molly’s coat and hung it on the stand.  “I’m assuming that whatever news you’ll be sharing tonight will explain why you’ve both been so anxious the last few days.”
Rolling his eyes at the both of them, John threw his hands up in surrender.  “Fine, yes, all right.  Just let me Floo McGonagall to make sure it’s a decent time.”  He uncovered the small pot of Floo powder on the mantle from the books and paper leaning against it and took a small pinch.  Tossing it into the barely there fire Molly and Greg had left the night before, it roared back to life and flashed green.  John shot his head in and yelled, “Minerva McGonagall’s office!”
“I…um…”  The man’s voice was deeper than John ever would have expected and he gulped a second time.  Releasing his face, he grabbed him by the hand and started to pull him toward the campus centre, turning to yell at the other two.
“Hmm?”  John glanced up from his plate.  “What was that?”
“How did you find out you have magic?” Violet interrupted.  Stephen took up her hand, mirroring John and Sherlock’s out of sight.  “You haven’t showed signs in years…we thought it wasn’t enough…”
A week passed with Sherlock spending half of his time investigating the Watsons’ deaths and the rest of it learning everything he could about the wizarding world.  John doubted that, under normal circumstances, he would still be a free man given the endless number of Muggle protections laws he most certainly broke in providing Sherlock with the information, but there were certain advantages to working through Harry Potter himself.  If anyone had been able to fight off the effects of a memory charm, it would be Sherlock, so attempting to keep him away from the truth after being given a sliver of it would have been pointless anyway.  Besides, having someone to speak with about the other half of his life, particularly when that person was Sherlock, gave John an enormous sense of relief and ease.  Of his many friends and acquaintances he could have told, the first that came to mind was Sherlock.  The fact that he hadn’t figured it out himself sooner still surprised him greatly.
John shrugged.  “Maybe.  I don’t know much about them beyond that, actually.  I’m not all that surprised you’re so fascinated with them, honestly.  They’re just your sort of creature.”
After a few minutes, Cecelia’s sobs tapered down into sniffles with the occasional whimper.  John adjusted his position until he sat cross legged on the ground and he pulled her fully into his lap.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and rubbed her wet cheek roughly against the jumper that peeked out from the opening of his jacket.  John brushed her hair away from her face and kissed the corner of her eye where the tears still attempted to fall.  Lifting her head, she looked up at him properly and spoke louder.  “It’s not your fault, Da.  The bad man did it and it’s not because of you; he’s the one who decided to do the wrong thing and blame you, but it’s not your fault.”
A small voice clearing its throat interrupted them, causing them both to turn back to the rest of the room.  Albus’ blonde friend stood on the opposite side of the table, his hands clenched into flexing fists as he shifted from one foot to the other.  Before he could even work up the courage to open his mouth, Sherlock interrupted him.
Sitting at the desk was a well dressed man with a flop of dark hair with a barely noticeable hint of salt and pepper coming in at his roots. His hands fidgeted over his crossed legs as he watched Sherlock pace across the rug, but the moment he spotted John, his face lit up in a bright grin. He sprang to his feet in the middle of Sherlock’s mumbling, causing him to jolt to a stop and narrow his eyes at the pair of them. His curious expression turned shocked as John met the man in the middle of the room and immediately pulled him into a hug.
“Alright then,” he muttered, quiet enough so only Sherlock could hear. “Been a few years since that happened.”
“No, we should go.  Today.”  His face was determined when he looked at John.  “We can see if Mrs. Hudson can watch Cecelia and go immediately.”
John nodded and squinted at the horizon as the sun fully emerged above it.  “Yeah, same.  I don’t blame you.  Where should we go next?  Back to the school?  I know we’ve been circling around a lot, maybe he meant to distract us and they’re somewhere completely different – “
When John came downstairs in the morning, he found Sherlock passed out on the sofa with his mobile balanced on his chest. He couldn’t help the fond expression that settled on his face when he came up to his side to watch him sleep for a moment. His mouth hung just slightly open, his breathing deep and even and his eyes at rest without signs of disturbing dreams. Deciding to let him sleep, John slipped downstairs for a sandwich and a coffee at Speedy’s rather than disturb him by making something in the kitchen.
Once he had Sherlock quivering against him, John let his hands lurk lower.  With the amount of oil already in the tub, he was able to grip Sherlock’s cock in a slick and easy hold.  It twitched the instant he touched it, Sherlock letting out a sound that was half sigh and half groan at the relief.  John allowed him a few quick tugs before moving away, massaging away the tension that had developed in Sherlock’s legs.  Sherlock huffed in irritation and placed his hands over John’s, attempting to move them back where he wanted.  Instead of cooperating, John took both of his hands up in one of his, guiding them over John’s shoulders to cup the back of his head.  He squeezed his wrists in a silent demand that they remain there and Sherlock brought one up to tangle in John’s hair.
Turning in his arms so that they were front to front, John nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck and placed a tiny kiss under his jaw.  “Good, my plans for seduction are working then.”  He felt Sherlock’s deep chuckle in his chest.  They stood that way for a few minutes, arms tangled around each other’s waists, until Cecelia let out a shriek.  Sherlock glanced over John’s shoulder, raising an eyebrow down at her.  Her face contorted into a frown and she squirmed in her place on the changing table, palms smacking on the mat in indignation.  Putting his chin on John’s shoulder, Sherlock sighed.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
You see your love
“What?” Sherlock looked up dimly from under the fringe lying limply across his forehead. “And deny you the pleasure of subjecting me to yet another tediously long, unfathomably unnecessary journey on public transportation? Why would I do that when I am clearly enjoying it so ...”
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/4lgavUrn8yLNPXg0c6f6Mm
Any minute
Aquilo • Silhouettes
For a man who was always so impossibly reserved in the presence of others, John always marvelled at the responses he could elicit from him when he was like this. The almost purring sounds he made when John’s fingers skated through his hair, along his scalp. The sharp intakes of breath as John gently dragged his teeth over peaked nipples and the hum of pleasure when John’s mouth, continuing down over his pelvic bone, and nuzzled into his groin.
?" The slow simmer of concern that had been John’s constant companion all afternoon as he had traipsed about the less than salubrious parts of London, immediately elevated itself to full blown alarm.
“See here.” (he gently rubs the pad of his thumb over a fading mark on the back of Sherlock's hand) “Here’s the scar from chemical burn in the lab last month” . Sherlock studies the mark under John’s finger.
“Yes,” he waved dismissively. “We will take the train.” Sherlock's focus returned to the substance trapped between the slides.
His fingertips arched into the weathered wooden surface.
Now, sitting across from a reluctant Lestrade holding a wad of paperwork, John willed the facts to lie. The tests had come back a match; it was Sherlock’s DNA in the follicles of the his hair, and his blood on the his clothes and on the knife,. A match to the blood at the scene. A match to
, was … clean, peaceful. Letting out the breath he didn’t know he had been holding, John flicked through the images. Tight shots, wide shots, macro photos of abrasions and scuff marks. A few minutes later he closed the file and set it back down again.
Barely used; he can’t shoot it at a public range, doesn’t have clearance for a military range and won’t risk asking to use the Met’s facilities, lest they enquire absence of licence for his weapon.
Right.
To Sherlock’s eternal chagrin, the cabbie had kept up his insipid, off key humming all the way to their destination
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, "One." A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Hurt. A dangerous place. A thing that strikes, Of blame, In anger, And no way back. “ An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the right half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Let’s suppose. Hypothesize. That under the right conditions. Balance can be restored”. A horizontal line.
) change in the way her suit jacket now fell down her back as opposed to the way it had when she had first entered the room. Just as he was carefully reaching out a hand to see if he could ascertain the reason without her notice, she abruptly stopped walking and turned to face him.
Click.
“Estimated to be 30% total blood volume for an adult male; the amount is considered …" Lestrade paused before continuing, "catastrophic. Medical opinion says survival is not possible.”
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twenty-Two.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, left aligned that reads, “S J Losing. Finding. Accepting yourself, rather than pretending you’re not.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, left aligned that reads, “For all that we have found, learned. On this journey, For all that we have lost. Accepted. What we finally come to is the strange conclusion that in madness lies sanity.”  A horizontal line.
Music for Chapter 2 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Voluntarily?” John's eyebrows raised significantly along with his tone as he turned to face Sherlock. “You want to tell me what the bloody hell is going on, Sherlock? You keeping me in the dark is starting to piss me off.”
Wolves (Alternate Version)
Clean.
“Then … why?” Sherlock gestured to all of it, to nothing.
“Where did you find this photo again?”
“Supercritical carbon dioxide extraction. Impressive, and expensive,” Sherlock eyes roamed approvingly, covetously over the equipment.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLdrPK0fq3I
Despite lamenting the idiocy of the Yard's people at every given opportunity, Sherlock had a rare admiration for the Detective Inspector. Sherlock knew Lestrade’s dedication, had him currently poured over the case files spread out on his kitchen table, all the while trying desperately to ignore the nicotine cravings that always seem to worsen at night.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU4J17q8lsg
John ventured into the kitchen prepared for the daunting task of creating something out of what was going to need to be thin air since they had not had the time to go shopping since they arrived. He was pleasantly surprised therefore to find the cupboards and fridge quite adequately stocked.
Lestrade did not look convinced and Donovan even less so.
“That's a bit melodramatic Mycroft, even for you,” Sherlock regarded him curiously for a moment before switching tack. “Moran. What sort of background checks do you do on your prospective agents before you recruit them?
it was in your pocket and
"No he didn't." John emphasised. "We had a
At first, their play was punctuated by sounds of encouragement and agreement (and in John's case, a fair amount of exasperated muttering as his pieces were quickly and deftly extracted from the board by Sherlock’s elegant fingers and cast aside). But as the hours slipped away and morning became afternoon, the intensity of their battle increased, and Sherlock was forced to stop admiring John's mind and focus on ensuring that he continued to maintain the upper hand in the game.
Lestrade had, as promised, had sent John copies of the test results as soon as they had come in and John had spent every waking minute trying to prove the science wrong, trying to find an alternate explanation for the facts as Sherlock's words rang in his ears.
its been used?"
The breaths filling Sherlock's lungs feel like they are coming from the bottom of his soul. He allows his eyelids to close as John continues talking and touching.
is patrol had been assigned to another area of the village?
“We all do,” Lestrade agreed.
Lestrade's face appeared to crumple in worry (and perhaps a bit of guilt for the stroppy messages) but there was work to be done and Lestrade got to it, pointing the officer in the direction of the security office with instructions to locate the existence of any and all CCTV footage.
“Look John,” she had started.
A text message. Unknown number.
, John rose from his chair, drawing his short blue robe closed around him as he set the paper on the side table.
“That doesn't seem to bother you very much,” John remarked (
From John.
what's hurting me."
“No need, I found him last night,” John responded flatly.
“Well that was … romantic," Lestrade offered, with a full measure of irony thrown in. “So, what is all this, unrequited love? You couldn't get the one you wanted so you decided to “take out” his partner? We have your texts, your “gifts” to Doctor Watson. And now …” the DI paused, reaching beside him to draw another evidence bag out of the box by his feet and placing it on the table between them, “we have your fingerprints on the knife found at the scene.”
“Why do you think it was murder?” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed slightly.
Sherlock knows.
Finally, they turned into the street behind Guerin's house. “Pull in right there,” John said, indicating the space alongside the Audi, obscured as it was behind a retaining wall.
the data from
John’s mind’s journey from confused to suspicious took less than a second. “Why? Where are you going?”
Music for Chapter 30  by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Music for Chapter 17 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Music for Chapter 24 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
"Things? What things? Why don't you tell me what the fuck is going on?”
obligation to answer any of our questions and you are free to leave at
“Four. Two. Six. Four. Seven. Four.”
“You have a
John released the grip on his nose and opened his eyes. "Yes."
Alt text: Twenty. J. Find your way through the course of wisdom, broken, sharp, ragged. Climb the jagged rocks and rest. Behold your world. S. the deep-down basic understanding – the foundation of human existence.
He's going to break his heart to save his life.
"That is correct, ma'am."
“Not quite,” and for the first time there was a hesitation to Mycroft’s next words, “… he is the fire.”
Moriarty was out of his seat and nearly at the door, Moran following in his wake, when Lestrade called after him. “There will likely be an inquest.”
“No, quite,” Sherlock mused, steering the conversation back towards the purpose of their visit. “So what is it exactly that you do here?”
“You should leave, John,” Lestrade repeated as he glanced around warily.
Sherlock didn't have the time to dwell on the ways he was going to have to atone for his “arse-like” behaviour however, because no sooner had he provided the cabbie with directions to the Diogenes Club, then his phone pinged.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Nine.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “J Taking this ghastly risk, Admitting these heinous sins. One last, Careful, breath.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S Push. Poke. Prod. Worry it to the edge. Take further and further gambles Until it finally breaks”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the bottom left half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Seventeen.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J What, this again? A glimpse of the dazzle of brilliance, the pull of the dueling of wits. Wary, but still starting to fall under. So that's quite mad”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly centre aligned that reads, “S Nebulous, this idea, then, tenuous, illusory. But if you look closely, really look. There.” A horizontal line.
Thirty seconds later, Lestrade appeared in the doorway of the church tower, eyebrows furrowed in concern. “John, you really shouldn't be here.”
“Freak’s not here,” she stated, holding the crime scene tape firmly down in place in front of him as he approached.
- Love is Blindness - U2
Pouring himself a drink, his eyes ran over all the surfaces in the room. Knife pinning a letter to the wall, box of nicotine patches on the mantle. Just like the fridge, there wasn't a single space that didn't have evidence of Sherlock’s influence, on the flat and on his life.
Always for John.
John fell asleep easily, presumably assuming that Sherlock's corresponding stillness meant he would do the same. But when the flood of oxytocin started to ebb, with it went the peace John had brought with him.
John batted Sherlock’s hand gently away from his cock and replaced it with his own, commencing a slow languorous pull as he pushed his hips forward, his cock breaching that first ring of tight muscle.
“Well, it kind of feels like chaos and harmony at the same time. All these individual moves that seem like nothing on their own but at the same time every single one of them is crucial to the solution.”
This fic is a journey. A journey I took a long time ago, a journey I took Sherlock and John on, and a journey I took you on with them. It was also a journey I took myself on when I wrote it, never having written anything like it before; nothing this long, nothing this complex, nothing that I have been so invested in for such a long time. Scared to make a mistake, to not get it right, to not measure up to all wonderful writers in this fandom, I nearly abandoned it after the first few chapters. But with the help of my wonderful beta @88thParallel, who never left my side, I realized that the thing about life that we often forget, is that it isn't meant to be perfect - how can it be when we each moment we live, we live it for the first time, having never done it before?
“John,” Sherlock breathed back, for all intents and purposes, as shocked at the path they were hurtling down.
Devil Inside
Sherlock stepped lightly onto a tarpaulin that had now been laid down to on one side of the pipes structure, and moved closer to the body. The forensic team, having donned their blue coveralls, had begun their task of cataloguing the scene in the now extremely cramped space; the floor, the walls, the door, and the victim herself ...
She looked no different than she had two nights ago, a paler grey perhaps, but not remarkably so, and Sherlock was so intent in studying the remnants of dried, flecked blood around her lips, that he completely missed the fact that the room around him had gone completely still.
The Queen’s Gambit, one of the oldest known chess openings: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen%27s_Gambit
the crime scenes again, not just this one,” he gestured vaguely to the files in front of him, his words gaining momentum. “I need
And John had his own mission. As he headed out the door, he passed Molly who seemed on the verge of tears. He flashed her what he hoped was a reassuring look. She nodded back, the words "you have to find him" written across her face.
John turned back to Lestrade. “The fingerprints on the knife ...”
“Yes, certainly,” Mycroft cleared his throat and straightened his spine. “My late brother, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, through his work with the Metropolitan Police, had assisted in the apprehension and incarceration of a number of less savoury individuals. It is believed that these individuals could disrupt proceedings or use the knowledge gained as a result, to sully the family name. As such the family would very much like the inquest itself to be a closed matter as well.”
“Calm down? Calm down? Name one person you know that saying that to has had the desired effect?”
No, Mycroft wasn’t welcome back in their flat any time soon.
Yes. Shaved legs, that was different. Adding a different element to his bedroom repertoire? No, John hadn't had a date in weeks, or maybe that was months now? Sherlock shook his head, it was unlike him not to keep track of such things; maybe he had been a little bit more distracted by his cases than he had first thought? A newly found obsession with road cycling? Hardly, Sherlock scoffed, if the
“We canvassed the area, and all the CCTV footage.” Donovan pointed out. “We didn't find anything, and no one saw a thing.”
"You know that's not a good idea, John," Lestrade shook his head.
purchase?” Donovan chased.
with Sherlock appeared as if it was already threatening to implode and take him with it. He ran a hand through the short hair at the back of his neck and groaned.
“Well, I'm no detective,” she glanced towards John, “or doctor, but I would venture to guess that head trauma of that magnitude does not happen by accident, and certainly not upon three different occasions. So either it is all one huge coincidence, or …” she held her hands out palms up.
,” Moriarty drew his fingers down his jaw thoughtfully, “a public place is it?”
And with that he swarmed up Sherlock’s body, who reaching for his shoulders, dragged him up and closer while they hungrily kissed, John letting Sherlock chase the flavour of himself on John's tongue.
“ … horrible business, all this police attention. Reminds me of the time when everything finally caught up with my husband,” she continued, completely oblivious to John’s attempts to avoid her and the conversation. “Though,” she mused, “he really did have all that coming to him. Still, unpleasant business for all of those around him. Now do you don’t think that Sherlock …”
He closed his eyes against the pain, walked away a few steps to try and deal with what was ripping through him.  When he turned and opened his eyes again, the sky was a little darker, and Sherlock was gone.
Thread is ripping
. Sherlock stomped off to his bedroom. If the only way he was going to get John to come along with him was for him to endure the monotony of the public transportation system, then so be it. Sherlock had a strong mind. Sherlock had an iron will. And if put to it, he could, with his single bloody-minded focus, achieve anything. Indeed, he could, and he would, he decided, survive the tediously mind-numbing journey of John's dictate.
“Yes.”
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJeBz3HxGsI
She simply shrugged. “Threats, promises. The usual. Nothing that resulted in anything …
In the end, it was going on four by the time John made his way back to Baker Street.
“We got a call from Southwark this morning, they found Sherlock's fingerprints at a crime scene.”
Lives extending
, John huffed inwardly. The principle of “open justice” by which these things
Now for the other side.
Alt text: Eleven. S. life is an act of faith, in this godless world. J. Here where you are now. Without me.
Moran came to stand off to the side of Moriarty’s left shoulder, hands clasped behind his back. He took a quick look down at the knife and then stared straight ahead, chin jutted out. “Seven inches of high-quality steel. Long straight blade. Efficient enough for a single stoke, but rapidly decreasing in effectiveness the more incisions required. The victim would need to be immobilized at the time for it to do any real damage.”
ARE HURTING ME. Why can't you bloody well see that? Not letting me in, pushing me away,
Alt text: Fifteen. J. He knows And he lets it happen He knows and lets it be. an act of surrender, His cowardice. S. Fingers folding in on themselves. Stealing breath, steeling his heart, he gives himself away.
had deduced that the killer (
"Okay, let's take a look at you," Sherlock donned a pair of nitrile gloves and drew down the zipper from the crown of her head to her belly, the plastic falling away at the sides to reveal dark hair that pooled around her shoulders.
“How long?”
Beginning Notes:
Irritating, because as difficult as the labyrinthine interior had been to traverse in search of a hit during its period of abandonment (for his dealers and himself it had provided the necessary seclusion and geographical convenience), the acres of makeshift cordoning now surrounding the Station, and the multitude of cranes and scaffolding cluttering its inside, was going to make the task nearly insurmountable.
The Curse of the Fold
First playing with pawns only, then adding the bishops, then the rooks, then the knights and so on, Sherlock added a new element each time John grasped the rules of each piece’s engagement. Usually such a tedious task would have driven Sherlock to distraction, but he found himself observing in fascination the way in which John's neural pathways established themselves with increasing confidence. First just in applying the rules and then in making their own connections along the lines of strategy.
Sherlock sighed. Sherlock huffed. Sherlock whined. Sherlock fingered through all the
“No, it's not.”
“The song … Pigs on the Wing? Pink Floyd?” the cabbie prompted, humming a few bars expectantly (
It was seven flights of concrete stairs to the roof. The emergency exit door gave way to reveal extraordinary sunset, casting a burnished orange hue over the parts of London it touched, and warm enough that John's forgotten coat was not an issue. There was however, nothing else up there. No Sherlock.
. His mind went to the small box he had hidden underneath the vests in the cupboard since Morocco, and the two bands of gold that lay within; soon, when this case was over. And he very much meant to return Sherlock’s whispered sentiment, but sleep overtook him first.
and across from him Mycroft sniffed in offense
. He tried to shake the image of Sherlock, unconscious to everything being done to him on that stretcher in that room under the pale green light. And with it, he tried to shake the terrifying knowledge that if things had gone slightly differently, if he had taken a drink himself, that things could have, would have, ended in disaster. He suppressed a shiver and rearranged himself in the chair, using his physicality to try and ground himself in the here and now.
He was halfway to the bathroom, only clad in his pants when his phone buzzed from its resting place on the nightstand. Not a text, a phone call.
With those two hardly audible words, John’s shoulders fell and the tension that had held him hostage all night long seeped out to be replaced by a depth of weariness. “I know,” he sighed as he made his way back over to Sherlock’s side, reclaiming his position on the bed and drawing Sherlock’s hand into his lap. “I know you are, it’s just … it was, I was … just so
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOn0QixT0s8
“You’ll have to ask him,” Moriarty replied, flinging one arm over the back of the chair beside him and leaning back, crossing an ankle over his knee. He let his eyes drift up to the ceiling, clearly signaling how bored he was of the situation.
Sherlock knows what this will do to John.
Love is blindness
“This is Detective Inspector Lestrade and Detective Sergeant Donovan in the room with James Moriarty and Sebastian Moran.”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” his words came out breathy and slightly weak, his eyes drawn down the smooth planes of Sherlock’s chest to his lean abdominal muscles.
Without You
“So what the hell is all this then, a sign, a message?” Lestrade demanded his attention.
“Consider this, Doctor Watson, if Sherlock truly wanted to be found by you, he would let you find him. And whatever happens in the meantime … I would caution you against doing anything foolish."
John found Sherlock on the portside outer deck, the strong winds at his back drawing his curls out to sea and his (trembling) hands white-knuckled, gripping the peeling white metal railing. It took John’s brain just one second more to register that the tremors were running through Sherlock's whole body, not just his hands.
And then, that familiar Irish lilt.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3emgFna_Tc
Lost.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
Ursine Vulpine & Annaca • Without You
The Coroner looked from Mycroft to Lestrade. “Are any of these
He'd thought his journey back from Afghanistan had been tough. He'd thought he'd known how far a person could fall. He'd been wrong. Because lying on the burning sand, the blood pouring from his shoulder, he had pleaded to live. But now ...
“Do these mean anything to
Gritting his teeth he willed himself to calm down but before he knew it, he was rounding on Sherlock again, challenging. "You aren't going to tell me, are you?"
Lestrade looked up as someone else appeared in the doorway. He gave him a nod and John knew that it was time. Lestrade pushed himself off the desk he had been leaning on and made his way for the door, Donovan in following behind.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWk4zqmQwVE
Now, seated on one of the chairs set out around the main table where Lestrade had taken a seat next to Mycroft, Sally jerked her head for John to join her. He was just settling into his seat when the Coroner entered the chambers, settled herself in, and started to speak. So focused was John on his thoughts, that the first he noticed his fist clenching and unclenching was when he startled at the feel of another hand laying itself on top of his fingers, stilling them. He glanced quickly at Sally and she withdrew her hand, pursing her lips. The coroner’s voice slowly made its way back to him.
They hadn’t been open about the change in the status of their relationship when they returned from Morocco, but it had become increasingly apparent from the looks they kept getting from Molly each time she saw them together that she had her suspicions. In the end, John had insisted Sherlock tell Molly about them.
The Storm
Frustrated by his inability to determine the motivation for John’s current hairless state, Sherlock pushed himself off the carriage door and turned to face the window, bracing his forehead on his arms as he leant in. Eventually other thoughts began to tug at his mind as he focused on the inky blackness of the countryside whizzing past. Grateful to put the puzzle of John aside for a while he began to focus his not inconsiderable mind on the case.
After a while the sound of Mrs. Hudson shuffling around below, her radio tuned to LBC, started to become more pronounced in the silence. He felt bad that he hadn't spoken to her when he had come in, he just hadn't been able to. Even now, when he wonders if he should go down now to talk, he knows he just can’t.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Three.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Wanting. Needing. Best to give up the whole idea of getting. And go." Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S Seven weeks or seven days. Or any length of time Does it really matter? When every second was a lie?”. An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
Watson took solace in the enveloping darkness as he made his way slowly, carefully back to Baker Street. The streetlamps cast an unnatural glow and the fog caught in his lungs, filling them with a thickness that rivaled that of his thoughts.
Just one word. Holmes turned on his heel and strode away and Watson’s startled gaze chased his retreating figure. Lestrade called out frustratedly, “Oi, I was hoping for a bit more than that!"
“Shit,” John thought he heard a mumbled curse over the crackle over the device then. “I’ll be down in a mo.”
John hadn't really looked to Sherlock since he entered the room and as he made to do so now, he wondered what he would find.
Sherlock grimaced, as he entered the necessary information into his phone. The search came back immediately with an album cover consisting of a photo of …
to  find something to do. Go for a walk
Ruelle  • War of Hearts (Acoustic Version)
Who Are You
“And what happens in there?” Sherlock pointed to the door at the end of the room with the less-than-inviting brightly orange biosafety hazard symbol adorning the door above a small window. “I am guessing something
Sweat had started to drip down John's forehead, between his eyes, and his thighs, stretched as they were from kneeling, were beginning to burn.
were being emitted from the top of the bed as John simultaneously licked the head of Sherlock’s cock gently into his mouth and pressed a finger back to circle the puckered flesh, waiting for the moment he felt the muscle relax, and pressing tenderly in.
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/user/jensen111-us/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf?si=Fyuu52Z_RK6Hq_Jr78dXtw
, that’s how Moriarty refers to himself. Rather catchy don’t you think?” There was a sly irony to Mycroft’s tone.
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/3EsCD4fUgEMwdJhNBYytfU?si=foQRrdveQTC5k0Zeqvvh_w
Music for Chapter 32  by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, it'll do," Sherlock pronounced with a smirk, drawing John down to him ignoring the slight wince at the change in angle as he wrapped his arms around him.
Sherlock. Dead.
“I have to go and pay Mycroft a visit.”
With only one way in and one way out, the testing laboratory was a literal trap, so it had been decided that John would stand sentry while Sherlock retrieved the samples.
Beginning Notes:
Sherlock breathes out and nods.
the blood at the scene," he corrected himself, “is of the same blood type, that type which is known to be the same as Sherlock Holmes'. Final DNA testing of random samples taken from across the crime scene is due shortly, but we expect it to confirm that it is all that of Holmes.”
“I’ll need to look at your books, vendor contracts, financial accounts,” Sherlock stated.
Sherlock smiled to himself as he pocketed his phone. Well done John.
“You couldn't possibly know all that already,” Anderson declared aggressively, moving into their space.
shower now.”
Chicken and apricot tagine: https://www.thespruceeats.com/chicken-and-apricot-tagine-2394703
John shook his head when asked for his order and then never took his eyes off Mycroft, as the man, tea having appeared, went about taking his time to ensure the resultant beverage was prepared as close to his satisfaction as it was going to get (which,from the look on Mycroft’s face when he lifted the metal pot lid and spotted the tea bag, was clearly not even slightly.
Sherlock rapped sharply on the glass partition. “Change of plans cabbie. Battersea Power Station“.
Music for Chapter 6 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
“Ours is always a beautiful game John.”
Lestrade growled under his breath.
But lately there was something different.
Beautiful Crime
“That’s the thing,” she mused, picking it up again and replacing it in her waistband a moment later. “The more pronounced curve of a woman’s spine in heels tends to hide it better. The disadvantage for men, I imagine then, is that you always need to hide yours under ill fitting clothing.”
gently he reached out to place his hands, fingers spread wide on the narrowest part of Sherlocks waist, and began to rub his thumbs back and forth across the skin spread tight across his bottom ribs. (
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5iEjz8ToMA
Through the Valley
title by John’s next question.
Releasing one of Sherlock's thighs, John reached for the cock that was bobbing rapidly between them. The deep groan Sherlock uttered when he gave it a firm stroke told him that Sherlock was close.
had the advantage. He's not emotionally compromised, like I am. I told you before  — sentiment: the grit in the sensitive instrument, the crack in the lens, distorting, obscuring the view. It makes me weak ... us ... " he paused before saying it, "you ... make me weak."
The fluorescent lights hum above him. The linoleum floor cold beneath him. The storage cupboards hard behind him. And he's cold. Colder than he should be sitting here on the laboratory floor in a wool suit. Colder than he should be in a room heated to 21° Celsius; the optimal temperature for maintaining Rattus norvegicus.
With John.
Breakfast appeared quickly after ordering. As John reached across the table to snag the marmalade for his toast the thought occurred to him that he actually didn't know how the case had come their way; it was too far outside Lestrade's jurisdiction, so that left the other usual suspect.
Still nothing.
“I agree, completely,” Sherlock took a sip from the ornate cup.
“Just thought you might like to know we found something ...?”
From his position at the kitchen table Sherlock didn't deign to shift his gaze from the object of his interest under the microscope.
John took a deep breath. “Not until the last minute, though. You two stay out of sight until we are with Guerin, I’ll keep our phone line open, just make sure yours in on mute.”
“I’m sorry?” Clearly he was not, he never was, but Sherlock did understand the obsequious and unfortunately necessary art of information extraction.
An hour later (distracted as he was by his quest, the kettle had long since boiled and gone stone cold), John finally took a break to make himself a cuppa. Leaning back against the kitchen worktop, cup cradled, warming his hands, John's thoughts strayed back to Sherlock.
“OK, so what code did he use?”
Not for me
Watson found Holmes sitting in his favourite chair before the hearth, regarding the fire, letting the flames lick at his thoughts. Watson closed the door quietly behind him, removing his gloves and placing them on the side table. Then his coat and hat, hanging them on the hook behind the door.
KALEO • A/B
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU81DihqD0c
“Pause it there,” Sherlock instructed. “Who has codes to the security system?”
“Pink Floyd, good taste.”
“I received a message.”
person to inform me of that today.”
“Firstly,” John started, turning towards him but maintaining his distance. “No one thinks you need a babysitter, but we
“You have known men of faith.” A statement and a question, spoken to the fire.
“There won’t be a trial if you don’t catch the murderer. And you have no way of connecting him to it unless you do as I say.”
Moriarty’s fingerprints were on the knife.
Alt text: To. To us. To you. To them.
“I spoke to the morgue in Galway, they are not there now,” the Gardaí apologized and then rallied. “But I was able to arrange for them to be there tomorrow for you … but not until midday — Sunday service first…”
John woke, face down into the pillow, sun streaming in through the windows.
of yours has changed him in some way? Made him a different man, a
“Yes, some.”
Image description: An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the left half of a human heart. Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Eleven.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “S life is an act of faith, in this godless world”. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “J Here where you are now. Without me.” A horizontal line.
And finally
Over the course of this journey I also had the absolute, (and if I am being completely honest), terrifying honor, of meeting two of this fandom’s most prolific writers; @7-percent and @jbaillier. If you know anything about this fandom, you know that both of them, together and separately, have written universes and universes of mind-blowing prose about these most beloved of characters, their cases, friendships and their loves. And over the course of a traditional English afternoon tea I discovered (having more or less been able to choke down my petrified indigestion), that @7-percent and I shared a love of all things Moriarty ...
As the elaborately laid brickwork and towering chimneys of the Battersea Power Station came into view, Sherlock allowed that there was something to be admired in a structure that had managed to retain, even in its most neglected years, a stylistic dominance.
Memories are moving
Roy Todd • 40 Soothing & Emotional Piano Instrumentals
“How long John, how long is this going to last?” Sherlock, eyes closed, whined from his position on the bed with a fluttering of his wrist to everything, nothing.
"Of course I've tried his bloody …" Lestrade's rant was cut short by someone in the distance calling his name.
"Yes, as do you. Don't try and pretend you were asleep, Lestrade."
Music for Chapter 5 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
"John," he breathed.
John watched the amber liquid swirl around the bottom of his glass, agitated by a flick of his wrist, before looking up again.
“The drug, as it turns out, was Flunitrazepam — Rohypnol, if you
Listen to the entire fic playlist on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/7pOyPMAL4MLxHmxLGf8Xsf
Sherlock fixed John with a look.
“Killed himself, did he? And I suppose he disposed his own body too?” Donovan prompted.
to be more to Sherlock’s discontent. The case, quite definitely a 10, should have captured the man's complete attention, it should be the current centre of his entire universe of deduction. But Sherlock was stuck, somewhere, in something elsewhere.
Image description: Text, in uneven typewriter font, right aligned that reads, “Twenty-One.” A horizontal line. Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly left aligned that reads, “J Make the choice to give oneself up, to take the path to follow, the footsteps you know as well as your own.” Text, in uneven typewriter font, indented unevenly right aligned that reads, “S all that, not knowing, not being. Surrender; to this, to you, to us.” An anatomical line drawing in black ink of the top half of a human heart. A horizontal line.
“She didn't let go of it to struggle against him, or to try and stop the blade, she let it happen. Why? Why would she do that. It doesn't make sense.”
Watson didn't ask the question that stood between them. He was content to wait for Holmes’ to give it voice. But Holmes didn't speak again. He didn't glance away from the fireplace when Watson moved, an hour later, to pour himself a Whiskey. He didn't flinch when the groan of Watson’s chair announced his return, tumbler in hand. And he stayed silent when Watson drained the last drop and set the glass aside, pushing down on the armrests to take his leave to bed.
“Yeah, sorry to bother you again but you don’t, uh, happen to remember what time it was that you saw Sherlock."
For a minute it looked like Sherlock was going to refuse, his fit of pique completely engrained, but eventually he softened a little and made his way over to sit by John's side, eyeing him warily.
This, the simple domesticity of shared sleeping arrangements. More comfortable in each other’s space than Sherlock had ever been in his own, on his own. It was extraordinary. And he pondered John’s words.
John held his eyes tightly closed, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger as the sheer volume of thoughts threatened to overwhelm him.
"That sensitivity relates to the highly unusual situation of having a crime scene that implies a death has taken place, but the body is not present. Am I to understand, Detective Inspector, that there has been no further progress in the attempt to locate a body?"
He dropped the pistol and cocked his head to the side, tracking the path of the raindrop, which, having been joined by another, slithered down to the bottom of the frame under the extra weight.
“Where is he, Mycroft?”
If he hadn’t been looking for a flatmate, hadn't found the most extraordinarily brilliant one in that lab at Barts one and a half years ago, would this all still be happening without him? Would the game still be on? Of course it would be. His ego isn’t so big that he can’t recognise that if Moriarty couldn't target him to get at Sherlock then he’d simply find someone else.
And there is was, the guilt laid squarely at John’s feet, the guilt he knew he couldn't escape even if he tried.
On YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50fBVpjz8qI
The crowd erupted, cameras snapping, as the officer struggled to hold onto John, "Stop resisting or you will be put into cuffs." Lestrade walked over to Moran who had gotten to his feet and was now surrounded by the press.
Stroking harder and more insistently, Sherlock's broad hands encircled his thighs and the long slim fingers dug into the muscle, John encouraged, "Come on, come for me baby."
By the minute
Fixed existence
Sherlock shut off the screen and threw the phone onto the seat between them.
he shouldn't have taken the salespersons advice; the shirt was far too pink and way too tight across his midsection! He tried to assume a “not military, not gay” demeanour but ended up looking loose, floppy and slightly drunk.
“Sorry, did it what?”
Slowly John gathered up the thin white pages and went through the printed text line by line. He only looked back up when he reached the end of the last page.
Sherlock regarded him with not a slight amount of suspicion. Yes, he conceded, he had been a bit
Sherlock rolled over onto his side to face John and reached over to cover John’s hand with his. “I didn’t know, but I see now ... and I was too … I … actually can’t remember much, anything … that’s never happened, before, when   …” his voice trailed off on a note of undisguised fear, his eyes not leaving their joined hands.
But the tingling in the fingers still wrapped around his phone said otherwise. He tried calling Sherlock's phone. The first time it rang out - no answer. The second time it went straight to voicemail. He tried sending a text, watching the screen intently for a response. Nothing.
Alt text: Two. J. But as yet we are not clear, You and I. Cast in shadows against the sky, Against the world. Against each other. S. Rise. Every day. Every night, to dream, and dream. To wake, to know, and fall again.
Genius
“No,” John acknowledged, “right.”
“Don't be obtuse John, you know why he’s here. Clearly he was sent by Mycroft to keep an eye on me.” Sherlock turned to face John, squaring his shoulders, obviously anticipating, encouraging a fight.
John stood up and put the ring on Sherlock’s finger.
Yes, John is right, as always. No more Santa Clauses. Clever John, who is just now putting him on the ambulance stretcher. His eyes fall closed again, but this time he is warm. John's jumper is wrapped around his chest.
They descended, Sandrine then Sherlock then John, carefully following the painted yellow walkway (
John glanced sharply at Sherlock's face in profile and that same sharp sliver of guilt caught in his throat again.
and John shot him back a look of
On Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/track/2YGckbcAmjxbiZbYVAz5UW?si=y7n7o9A0RYq2zTczucQWcg
“But where's the fun in that?”
“Times
He took a seat on the hard bench and settled in for the wait.
Leaning back in the Chesterfield, his fingers steepled together, Mycroft posed his next question to Sherlock. “You've met Moriarty, how did he strike you?”
have a bit of a rough night last night and I, for one, am grateful to have someone I trust, in a city full of people I definitely
“Well, like nitrogen, carbon dioxide in compressed form
“And Linda was a … friend?” Lestrade encouraged carefully.
Finally, I am always and forever indebted to the wonderful @88thParallel for her support, encouragement, perfectly awesome beta-ing and the most gorgeous cover art for my beloved fic (https://archiveofourown.org/works/14837894)
