John sighs loudly, his knee popping as he rises from the couch. "Let's fill your beaker, eh?" He gets down a plastic tumbler cup from the cupboard and fills it under the faucet. Once Sherlock takes a satisfied sip from the cup, John steers him back towards the bedroom. They repeat the process of being put to bed, including Sherlock listing ever reason why going to bed so early was irrational, and to John's surprise, unhealthy.
Mycroft reached across and filled the small plastic otter cup and handed it to him. “Rinse.”
"What is your safeword?"
Greg stood there watching him for a moment, hand still on the crib; "...I don't wanna fight," he said. "We do haf'ta talk this out more, but I just wanna spend some time with you."
"In the end, it doesn't matter what I think. It only matters what you think."
The toast popped up out of the toaster with a loud metal '
"On certain occasions."
"Oh, sweetheart, I'm sorry. I think I can help...will you let Greg help?"
“That was cute exactly once,” Mycroft replied (although he could possibly be coerced into saying it was cute this time, too) and reached out to pinch the little detective’s cheek, making him squeal and fall to the side. “Besides, I thought that’s what you were drawing.”
"A who'e b'i'yyage?!"
Sherlock stopped trying to climb out of his booster and looked at Molly. "Ki'yee c'yothes?"
"I'mma swee'dhear'd. You an' G'eg bo'ff say."
Greg made a face and undid Sherlock's nappy, thrilled as ever that there was no blood in it. "What kind of tricks do rats do?"
"Great, then we're getting Thai."
"It's time for your second pill." Greg handed Sherlock his cup and sat Jawn's down in front of him.
Before he could stop himself, Sherlock snorted a laugh and covered his mouth.
"Jawwwwwwwwn!" Sherlock parroted, and followed at Greg's heels. "You go'dda COME OU'D NOW! P'EASE!"
Greg choked on a bite of Mac and Cheese, and had to get up to get himself a glass of water.
"No, Daddy." He's staring at John through his fringe, his voice still terribly small.
Mycroft sighed...and they had
"Of course," Mycroft said, and did a quick sweep of his hand over the blankets in hopes of finding the missing dummy...but there was no such luck. "Gregory is fantastic at finding things."
"Midnigh' sna'g." Sherlock gave Greg a cheeky grin.
“Tha’d bi’de s’yipped.”
"Does your head hurt?"
"It's never-ending, dear, but I'm getting a head start on tomorrow's affairs."
Mycroft shed his dress, picked it up from the floor, then folded it and put it away. "Sherlock," he said gently.
"I a'de f'ree bi'des of noo'les aw'ready."
"Thank you, sweetheart."
...Oh.
Sherlock hooted and dumped them into the tub. "Bubb'as?"
“Mr. McGregor. You’ve never read Peter Rabbit?” Mycroft frowned as he put on a pot of water to boil.
Sherlock sat with his arms crossed, only half paying attention. He was still stewing over the ‘nap’ comment...he didn’t
.' Greg thought quickly; "...What if I gave you a different sauce to try?"
Mycroft sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his eyes. "And you can't because...?"
“Sp’inkles,” Sherlock agreed.
“Why don’t you cry about it some more, you weepy willow!”
"F'ank'oo, G'eg."
Mycroft felt a rush of relief, but it was short-lived as Jawn joined in with Sherlock’s cackling and ribbing. “Worms are foul,” he sniffed. “Even if they’re are candy ones.”
"It will help with your detective work."
"My word! Blue hairs!"
He sat up and looked behind him, where the baby monitor sat on his bedside table. The light on top flashed again, and there came another, more worried-sounding "My'cooooobb?!!"
"Red Beard." The boy’s face was sedate. Daddy was clever and had thought of everything.
"I could make mention of clowns, but I'm thinking the reference is obvious."
"Would your elephant-"
"Ok. Ok. Ok."
Sherlock picked up his tea and held it to his lips. "Well..." he began, with that same dismissive shrug of his shoulders.
Greg chuckled deeply; "That's not entirely true."
Sherlock was sat next to him on the bed in nothing but a nappy, all teary-eyed and mouth covered in crumbs, shoulders coated in thick white cream, with half a soggy, chewed biscuit clutched in his fist.
“Put your shoe on, Sherlock.” Mycroft pulled the little detective onto his lap.
"D-da'yee," Sherlock cried.
John huffed and turned back to Sherlock who had gone very still in his lap. The hedgie had settled inside his collar, its tiny nose peeking out, scenting the air. Sherlock’s eyes where half lidded, his hands folded in his lap. John sighed, knowing he’d lost before he’d even begun.
Thank you for reading!!!!
Greg took one look at him, and sighed. "Alright, one kiss through the bars...
Hopefully, serving them sauce wouldn’t come back to bite him in the arse this evening.
“Tedious.” Sherlock huffed, tugging at his scarf.
"C'nah ea'd can'les, My'cobb."
"Y'iss one." Sherlock held up the box Greg had handed him.
"Pan'a?"
“I eat more than chips!” Sherlock squawked, giving John a haughty glare. “And anyways, why would I eat if I’m not hungry? That’s just patently ridiculous.”
"Y'ah!"
Mycroft gave his baby brother a 'look', and Sherlock covered his mouth with both hands while giggling.
“Is’so! I hid it at the bottom for me!”
"He's not that bad," Greg replied. In the same moment Jawn tried to stand up, and Greg quickly put his hands on his shoulders. "No, no, no, no...Jawn sits."
Forcing himself back onto his hands and knees, Sherlock scooted backwards off the end of the bed, only getting tangled in the oppressive blanket once. He kicked at the fuzzy blanket that had pooled at his feet, before picking it up and tossing it back on the bed.
"They fuckin' killed Nemo's mum in the first five minutes of the first one."
"Socks are blankets for your feet."
"I dun' member."
"I didn't say 'leave him out overnight'; I said 'hose him off'. Five minutes, at the most."
"Myyyyyy'cobb!"
"He, um, he say'ed tha'd i'ds b'ery good ca'ge!"
"I know," Mycroft sympathized. "But it's going to take the heat out of your shoulders." He gave the bottle a shake, and then held it up to his little brother's mouth.
“I’s smart like that,” Sherlock giggled, headbutting Mycroft’s shoulder. He liked headbutting things and, unlike his Daddy, his brother didn’t complain.
But, Mycroft was not a completely heartless man…just a dutiful one when it came to necessary measures. He sat and rubbed Jawn’s back (and his bum, just a bit) while he let him cry it out, and waited until the little doctor had regained a bit of composure before helping him sit up and straddle his lap. He held Jawn steady around the waist, and asked him; “…Are we done with the defiant attitude today?”
“Try-sarah-tops,” Sherlock repeated, overly enunciating the name, and darted off to find the first-aid kit that Jawn insisted they keep in the flat.
"Smar'd," Sherlock nodded, putting three spools of ribbon into a play purse. "Ro'gs are ou'dside. Bee'ds? I y'ike y'ittle ones and big ones."
"I y'ike ba'ffs," Sherlock said, his eyelids drooping.
“Not exactly. He’ll feel better once we’re in the flat. He’ll have a good cry. And then we’ll have juice and a snuggle.”
"There,” Mycroft cooed, and snapped Sherlock's onesie closed. "Such a good boy for his nappy change."
Sherlock shoved another handful into his mouth and sucked his fingers. "Y'ah."
"I jus' ba'ff. My han's are b'ery c'yean," Sherlock flicked a piece of shell off his fingers and into the sink.
Mycroft snuggled and fussed over his little brother while Greg ran and fetched his bunny from the nursery. "I know, I know you're terribly sad," he whispered in his ear. "But it's going to be all right...we'll fix it somehow."
Sherlock made for Greg's bedside table.
"Well, they did destroy her home."
"Fin' fa', G'eg." Sherlock crawled away like a shot.
"The caboose of this train is going to get knocked down the steps in a minute."
"Nana has places in her flat you're not allowed into?"
Sherlock gripped Mycroft's shirt so hard that it made his fingers ache. He couldn't think. He couldn't speak. All that flashed through his mind right now was John's face as he stood above him, distorted with rage.
"Ah-ah, it's my turn." Mycroft took Jawn next, sitting him on his hip. "Jawn Hamish," he scolded, though not-at-all seriously. "You know better than to vanish like that! Without telling anyone!" He brushed Jawn's hair back from his forehead, looking him over this way and that before kissing his cheek.
"I ca' still helps Jawn wi'ffa ba'ff."
"Awww, baby," Greg said again, and sat on the floor with his back against the couch and gently pulled Sherlock up and into his lap. "Where did you lose your sloths hmm?" Greg rubbed his back. "You had em on when we laid down."
“So polite, but I was speaking to Sherlock. If you can’t be kind, baby brother, then you will sit on the stairs by your lonesome while Jawn and I get ready to go out.”
"Aww, sweet boy, what happened?" Greg plopped himself on the floor and carefully pulled Jawn into his lap. Jawn squealed when Greg touched his elbow. "We're going to have to go to the A&E." Greg kissed the top of Jawn's head. Sherlock stood in the doorway of the nursery, arms wrapped around himself, bawling.
"Tedious."
Of course, after the day they’d had (
"B'ing snacks too, p'ease!"
Greg wrinkled his nose as long fingers patted his cheek; "G'eg, G'eg, G'eg..." Sherlock whispered.
"I'm not sure where bunny is. You can't use Gregory as a stuffed friend? He's very plush."
“What would put a smile back on that face? You’ve got your dummy back, you’re full of ice cream, you’re nice and dry, you’re in soft clothes, and you got to pick your movie…so where’s that stormy look coming from?”
"P'ease, G'eg'ry."
Sherlock thought about this for a moment while he chewed on the knuckle of his thumb, and realized that these were probably the only choices he was going to get…at least if he wanted to keep helping. “‘kay,” he said again, brightly. “I do it! See, My’coff?!” He picked up the second bib (which he’d known Jawn wouldn’t pick, as he wasn’t as fond of Winnie the Pooh as the little detective was) and tore the velcro tabs apart, putting it around his neck. “See?!”
"Y'ooks a'lishis!" Jawn babbled, and began doing exactly that...picking the pieces of pepperoni off. Greg sighed...maybe that was better for now, until the pizza cooled.
"Why did you tell me that before I left?"
Sherlock nodded and popped his thumb out of his mouth in order to reach for his brother with both hands.
“Of course,” Mycroft put a hand on the little detective knee. “Jawn, keep your spoon in your own cup,” Mycroft said, gently smacking the back of Jawn’s hand as it made its way into his cup for the second time.
“Dat’s'not'ta game!”
“Nuh-UH, my job!” Jawn whirled around, caught Sherlock around the waist and lifted him off his feet, eliciting an ear-splitting screech.
"N'ah. It's not a nice experience, is it."
"Oh! Swee'dhear'd! He'yyo!"
"These is won'erful! I y'ub them!" Sherlock danced in a small circle, eyes on his feet.
"Not losing your shit?"
"Mmmm, maybe we can make them a terraced garden. Though Mycroft will be cross if we use the power tools."
"I'll bet. It's been a long day and we're all starved." Greg swung the door open and got out of the car. Mycroft unbuckled Jawn's seatbelt and then used his weight to slide himself and Jawn across the seat.
"Peanu'd ea'ds too."
Sherlock snuffled in his sleep but otherwise didn't answer.
“Was co’d," Jawn wheezed, reaching up a hand in silent request to be helped up.
Greg and Mycroft shared another look before Greg pouted at Sherlock; "But I took the day off work to spend the day with you. Don't you want to spend the day with me?"
"He'll fall asleep and then how will we get him out?"
"Your eyeballs?"
"Probably." Greg made Mycroft a plate; "Sit and eat, Myc."
Sherlock’s long fingers dug into his ribs and up into his arm pits. Jawn rolled from side to side, trying to lose the menacing fingers to no avail.
Greg smirked. "You and me both, love," he said, putting his arm around Sherlock and curling his fingers in his hair.
John falls to the left, bringing Sherlock with him so that they’re cuddled together on their sides once more. He kisses Sherlock’s mouth tenderly as they both fight to regain their breath.
John boxed Sherlock in with his arms on either side of his shoulders, their faces only inches apart as he carefully attempted to find Sherlock’s entrance. Noticing that John was struggling without his hands, Sherlock used his own hand to position John against his hole, feeling the odd, blunt sensation against his most intimate part as John bent to kiss his lips.
John smiled slightly at that before affirming, “Yes, it’s proper etiquette. You should really know that as a posh boy.”
“Well, get him something golf-related then. That will be nice,” John answered with a smile, “it’ll be a nice gesture.”
“No, we figured out that murder Anderson mentioned to you. I really was just curious about these DVDs,” he says, then pauses in the doorway, “be careful with these; you have no idea how it may change things,” he says cryptically before walking down the stairs and leaving the building.
“Whatever you’re thinking, no.”
“Deducing me! There’s nothing to deduce!”
Sherlock and John discuss the case back at 221B, walking through all the details that they already know. John scolds Sherlock for doing the “We both know what’s really going on here” face.
It’s not until they’ve been returned back to the main menu that Holmes stands up to switch discs for the last time.
“You knew Mary was dead by the time this happened,” Watson points to the screen, as though the incriminating scene were still visible.
) and relocated to a small diner. Here, Sherlock goes immediately in to an explanation but John isn’t listening; he only wants to hear why he disappeared without a word. Why he let him grieve. Sherlock explains about who all knew that it was a ruse.
Mummy brings Mary her tea and then Mary and Father have a touching, soft conversation. John comes in the room and Mary becomes very awkward, then Father leaves them alone. John is aggravated.
After realizing just how deranged Moriarty had become and how convincing his lie was going to be to the world, Holmes had requested that Watson leave the country with him until things blew over. Without a moment’s hesitation, Watson had agreed and they went to his home to let Mary know (too afraid of bugs on their phones to text or call) before heading off to Switzerland. Why Switzerland? Holmes had seen some breathtaking waterfalls during a previous case, and it was far enough away to feel comfortable, he hoped.
John leaned down and kissed him then, starting with his mouth but trailing slowly downwards: his neck, his nipples, his navel.
“It’s still a penis,” Sherlock countered haughtily.
Flashes of news stories about how Richard Brook turned out to be fake and that Sherlock was not a fraud at all. His name has been cleared, but he’s still gone.
John nodded and hummed in agreement, “The Army in general, really; I was gone for all of them, either training or fighting.”
“The hell?” Sherlock asks as he opens the case. He finds four separate discs inside their own individual sleeves for safe keeping. They’re numbered 1, 2: John, 2: Sherlock, and 3.
” Sherlock stressed in annoyance, like John was supposed to understand this.
“Well…just incase,” John shrugged, but for a brief moment there was an emotion in John's face that Sherlock couldn't place. It was gone as quickly as it arrived and John stood as he moved back to the door, “Night, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, I know that,” John said before his mind whirred to a stop. Maybe that was what he was? Sherlock had mentioned it earlier - before he had stormed out of the flat to find Lestrade, apparently - but he’d never really been attracted to men before…but he couldn’t exactly deny being attracted to Sherlock.
have a point…” he trailed off whimsically, almost lazily divesting himself of his pants, his only garment of clothing.
The last window catches John off guard so much that the smile falls from his face as the air is stolen from his lungs.
Like my heart.
“Without words.”
“Ronald James,” Sherlock corrected.
Once he had the last buttons undone, he finally moved his hands to Sherlock’s stomach, lightly and slowly tracing them up the soft skin and light hair - aching to pause and play with his nipples, but he refrained - until he reached the broad, bony shoulders. Instead of merely pushing the fabric from the other man, allowing it to flutter down of its own accord, he chose to follow its path with his own hands. Sherlock couldn’t say which touch was lighter: that of the shirt, or John’s.
Anyway, enough dallying, eh? To the important part, then.
“And I am
"Mmm," Sherlock hums absentmindedly from the sofa where he's looking at his laptop.
“Penis?” Sherlock finished, opening his eyes to look at John condescendingly now, covering his own nerves with the harsher emotion, “Honestly, John, you’re a
John smiled, “That’s very sweet of you, but I meant the semen drying all over you.”
John smirks in triumph, his hands coming up to frame Sherlock’s face as he slowly moves his mouth yet closer. He stops when their lips just barely touch, a teasing caress that promises more but isn’t nearly enough, “I know you would,” he whispers before pulling back.
“But this one,” he places the first coin down to lightly trace the case of the other, as though afraid to actually touch it again, “it holds more sentimental value for you. You choose not to carry it where it can get damaged, hence keeping it protected and in your wallet.”
He looks at his friend like he doesn’t comprehend the question before he answers, “Going with you,” matter-of-factly.
? This one wasn’t even
“Why?”
. His hand naturally grips Watson’s tighter without realizing.
John moves to sit next to Sherlock, the easier to interlace their fingers properly. John looks down as he slowly takes Sherlock’s right hand in his left, gently weaving their digits together. When he looks up at Sherlock’s face, he finds the other man entranced by their joining with an odd, soft look on his face. Unconsciously, John’s thumb rubs softly over Sherlock’s in reassurance, and Sherlock’s eyes fly up to his in wonderment.
When Sherlock’s anxious hands moved directly to John’s flies, the older man covered them and gently guided them to his lips, kissing the knuckles lightly instead. The look of hurt confusion in the genius’ eyes forced John to finally break the silence.
John takes the bottle in shock, “Angelo, we couldn’t possibly.”
I didn’t realize. I was too scared to.
,” he practically moaned in a low, sultry tone.
is a very broad spectrum. Care to narrow it down a little for me? You had mentioned wanting to -- erm -- watch.”
Once Sherlock feels John settle in to sleep, he opens his eyes to merely watch him. When John turns on to his left side and Sherlock has assessed that John has most likely safely entered a REM cycle, he begins his questions.
"I'm big," she whispered, a lock of hair finding its way into her mouth.
“Close enough.”
"You're pushing your luck."
"That can't feel very good for your ribs, or your face; come here, sweet boy," he said, and bundled the baby over into his lap.
"Big'uns," Sherlock scurried away, having left his clovers on the bench next to Mycroft. "On'y four?" he hollered once he reached the flower beds.
"And then we'll have a bottle and take a nap." Greg popped the tapes on on Sherlock's nappy and opened it, then tried to appear as if he wasn't looking for blood. The news about the baby's kidneys had been concerning.
"Thank god." John grumbles as he grabs a loose t-shirt off of the floor and uses it to clean them off before tossing it in the direction of the hamper. "We're going to have a chat tomorrow about the state of your room, Pet." Sherlock hums at him as he tugs the detective to the head of the bed and gets them both under the covers. Sherlock fits snuggly against his side, head on his shoulder and soft breath on his neck. If John didn’t know better he would have thought Sherlock had fallen asleep.
"I th'py wif my eye sum'fin...b'wown."
“My’coff?”
It was such a sad, pitiful picture...and still the cutest damned thing.
"Bu'd--"
Mycroft wrinkled his nose. He’d yet to see Sherlock actually feed himself. But in the interest of peace, he carried on. "Enjoy.” He slide the sundaes in front of them and lamented not being able to take a picture of their star struck faces. The clerk had gone overboard on the toppings.
"And we never did find batteries for those toys," Sherlock said, leaning his elbow on the counter as he stirred his tea.
"I swear to God, Gregory, if I come down there and find him in the shed..."
"--is going to have my foot in it if you keep it up."
“Yes, really. Come back anytime. This is your home too,” Greg added, his voice sounding tougher than Sherlock could remember ever hearing it.
"Poor little lamb." She cooed, her fingers carding through his hair. "Daddy will be back before you know it. And in the meantime, you and I can have a wonderful time."
“I don't wanna sleep in the crib, Daddy…”
"Are you still going to help me pour?"
"Peanut butter sandwiches sound like a good idea, actually," Greg said.
"Dun' f'row away my y'ucky pan's!!!" Jawn squealed as he struggled to sit up and defend his property.
Sherlock willed himself to not break into a run, but still his pace quickened until he reached the wheelbarrow. "Jawn--?!?!?" he said, lifting the side of it up off the ground...
"My arsehole."
'Baxter is my best friend and the best teammate ever,' Billy sniffed.
"And he's said he was sorry."
“But, but…! You teased him, too!”
"Tha'ds o'gay. I c'n scoo'b p'bu'dder?"
"You thin'g so?!" Molly tittered, and covered her face.
“Yes, nap.” After all the commotion this morning, it would only be a matter of getting Sherlock still, and he’d be out like a light.
"I dun wan' nakey!"
Greg sighed; "Thank God."
Mycroft really, really needed that paracetamol now. “Alright. Up now," he said, gently trying to scoot the little Doctor of his lap.
Greg put his arm around his shoulders; "...This nappy needs to be changed."
"Yoo'ce is goo'."
"I'd is?"
"An' ma'ge fairy houses?"
Jawn folded his arms and stood there, glaring at the empty doorway until Mycroft was sure that he saw steam rising from the little doctor’s wet hair. “Wasn’ funny,” he grumbled.
John smiles into the skin he'd been marking as he slips a third finger in and twists, running the tips of his fingers along the boy’s prostate. Choked off moans come from above. Sherlock's head tips back, fists tightly clenching the duvet.
But that didn't seem to satisfy Sherlock. "Bu'd why Maw'yee no'd y'ike pi'shurs?"
"Star'bed."
Dammit, he was supposed to be empty. He was supposed to be past this part.
His brother's tone of voice was enough to let Sherlock know to drop the sarcasm. Temporarily. "No, surprisingly...there's a bigger audience for this type of thing than you would expect."
"O'gay."
"Bee'ds firs. G'eg c'n ha'b b'yue ones!"
"Can Greg hold you now, muffin?"
Both Jawn and Mycroft watched as the cardboard toy bin started to wiggle. The corner of Mycroft’s mouth ticked up. “It’s a shame there’s no one else here to share them with, isn’t it?” he said to no one in particular, gaze focused on the wiggling box. “What should we do with the rest of them? Throw them to the birds? Eat them ourselves?”
“Why n–”
Sadie: Mycroft would be relieved…as narrow as Jawn’s little bum is, and as tiny as Sherlock could origami in his elbows and knees, he still had to hold onto both of them so they wouldn’t tumble right out of the chair they were crowded in. Hard to do that and turn the pages…let alone keep both boys from snipping at each other over who’s turn it was to turn said page.
"Fine, yes, I hear you." Mycroft finally sat down with a sigh and took a bite of brisket.
Sherlock also took it upon himself to make dinner for both of them and he didn’t complain when John snuggled up a bit closer against him than usual that night.
“Shh, it’s alright, sweetheart,” John cooed but to be honest, he couldn’t wait any longer either. Sherlock gave an indignant moan when John’s fingers slipped out of him, leaving him feel unpleasantly empty. Sherlock spread his legs even further, planting his feet flat on the bed. Once more, John reached for the bottle of lube, spread a fair amount of it on his cock and slowly breached Sherlock, pressing forward inch by inch, until he was fully buried in his boyfriend. John revelled in the feeling of having his entire cock engulfed in Sherlock’s tight, pulsing heat and a throaty groan escaped his lips when Sherlock deliberately clenched around him. He gave Sherlock some time to adjust to the stretch before he set a slow rhythm and leant forward to crush their mouths together in a passionate kiss. Sherlock moaned shamelessly into John’s mouth when John’s thrusts eventually became deeper but, as marvellous as it felt, that wasn’t quite what Sherlock had in mind.
“Then put that big brain of yours to a better use than some criminal’s target practice.
Satisfied with the result John sat back and let his gaze roam unabashedly over the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers. “Oh, but you rather like the currency.” John flicked the tip of his tongue over his upper lip before he averted his gaze.
pliant.”
“Come in, dear,” she chirped and nudged him into the small kitchen of her flat.
“God, sweetheart, you… that was…” John mumbled, still catching his breath.
John didn’t pay much attention to where he was going. Regent’s Park would be awfully crowded on a sunny Thursday afternoon, so he decided to head for the inner city. Other than that, he really didn’t care about directions. All he needed was some time to himself, some time to think about their quarrel.
in the army for real. You’re my Captain and I can’t help being disobedient and bratty, but you’ve found a way to make me very,
because he had hoped this moment between John and him would last longer. However, he said it in such a way that it elicited a soft chuckle from John.
“That’s one way to put it,” he admitted vaguely and took another sip of the warm, strangely calming tea.
John took a deep breath and exhaled in a slow, steady stream as soon as he was alone in the back of a cab. He watched as a particularly big raindrop trickled down the window and realised that his mood had become just as changeable as the London weather.
. “Someone whose mind is blissfully blank most of the time, barely used. All those little oh-so important things you concern yourself with day to day mean nothing to me. You’re easily pleased but I’M BORED!”
Sherlock’s grey-blue eyes were fixed on John’s while he rattled through his explanation: “As I’ve noticed at first glance, the victim’s body did not look like that of a typical water corpse, despite the fact that she had indeed a fair amount of water in her lungs. So yes, she drowned in the Thames, but it was only made to
John followed him down the corridor to their bedroom, eager to finally play with his boyfriend. The last two weeks had been cluttered with cases, leaving no space for any kind of scene. There had been lonely handjobs in the shower for John while Sherlock had ignored his transport as usual. The man must have been
anything. I made it very clear and you picked up on it. That’s… good.”
Sherlock sighed and leant back in his chair. “Fine, I will help you on one condition. The next time you and your
“You have a thing for soldiers, so
didn’t have to be said aloud.
. Sherlock closed his eyes against the onslaught of feelings. Getting praises after a punishment always made him feel emotional.
“It’s Molly,” Sherlock assessed in a disappointed tone of voice;
“And you like to protect me, you feel like you fail if you can’t.”
John added a particular twisting movement on each upward stroke that he knew would drive Sherlock insane. “Come on,
is the clever one; only used you like a marionette so he wouldn’t have to get his hands dirty. But the best part is that you fell for it, completely. With the substantial evidence you’ve both left behind it was child’s play to convict your brother. But he’s trying to attenuate his sentence, so he sold you down the river, Thomas.”
“I beg to differ,” Sherlock mumbled even though he knew that John was right. There was little he could do at this point. It was the usual mid-case limbo and he would have to wait till Lestrade called for his support again.
“Here,” he said and offered Sherlock the glass of water. “Drink up.”
“Good. That’s… good,” John said awkwardly. He looked at Sherlock, but the detective impatiently strode up and down the arrivals area, probably deducing random passers-by to keep his mind occupied.
The kind of dominance John used was good.
With their changing relationship from best friends to boyfriends everything had just fallen into place, but this was different. Sherlock tried to wrap his mind around the basics. “I’m submissive, but I can be very…
John gripped his wrist in an instant and pinned it firmly against the pillow next to Sherlock’s head. “If you really want to play that game,
you’ve had before me!” Sherlock huffed and curled into a tight little ball, turning away from John. He half expected him to ask for his safeword again, to deal with this right away… but instead John grabbed his jacket and headed downstairs.
Sherlock’s answer was immediate: “No, sir.” He forced himself to open his eyes, blinked the tears away and looked directly at John. “I’m fine, thank you, sir.”
He could hear Harry lulling in the background. Clara sighed in relief and managed a hurried 'thanks' before she hung up. John all but threw his phone back onto the bedside table. He had seen Harry at her worst many times before, but he had never had to sort things out in his own relationship at the same time.
“Whatever. The NSY had both suspects in custody, but not at the same time. While Thomas was free to go because Lestrade failed to see the obvious and missed all evidencing details there are, he managed to convict his brother, Oliver. As it turns out both of them are guilty, but Thomas escaped to Spain while Lestrade interviewed his brother,” Sherlock explained in his usual, slightly arrogant manner.
“Breaking a promise once is bad enough, but a second time… It made me feel really desperate. Why would you go back to bad habits and ignore your doctor’s orders? Or ignore the fact that I told you many times how much I hated kissing you with that lingering tobacco stench? It really made me think that you didn’t care about me, about
“Er, yes. I’m… fine, really. Goodnight, Sherlock.”
John smiled at him the way he always did when he was really,
Sherlock chuckled. “You’d only ruin my curls, John.”
” The sentence left his lips so quickly that it sounded like a single word. “So, do you want me to tell you everything I’m okay with in a scene? Every… kind of play I’m amenable for?” Sherlock asked self-consciously. He had never felt
who acted strange since this early afternoon.
play a huge part in that.”
“Is that really the best you can do…
“Breath-taking?” Sherlock suggested and John broke into a high-pitched giggling fit.
Sherlock was taken aback by John’s openness and seriousness. For a fearful moment, he’d expected him to reject the idea altogether. “I still hate talking about this, but I know that you’re offering me a change for the better in the long run.”
“Sherlock, your handcuffs. Now!” John commanded in his Captain voice.
“Yeah, I know what you mean.” John’s answer confused Sherlock even more, but John only grinned. “I’m not a switch, but I’ve experimented with both sides. I don’t feel comfortable at the receiving end of dominance, but it’s quite helpful to understand first-hand what is going on in your partner’s mind.”
Sherlock smiled at the way the early morning sun played with John’s mostly greyish hair. Some of the strands looked almost sandy blond in the golden beams of light. He pressed his lips softly against John’s forehead and when he pulled away, a pair of gentle blue eyes was looking back at him. All remnants of last night’s sadness were gone and the look on John’s face was something close to gratitude. Because Sherlock had offered him physical and emotional comfort in turn? Because he hadn’t tried to coax John into saying things he wasn’t ready talking about yet? Probably both, he decided.
“I thought you don’t…” John panted, trailed off and cleared his throat. “Well, you said you weren’t up for
aspect of John’s life was still important to him and he hopefully wouldn’t object to bringing that part of his personality into their sex life as well…
Sherlock blushed even more at how pleased John sounded. “Thank you, John.”
at all. Is that why you thought the police would never catch you?”
“That was tedious!” Sherlock complained as he entered their flat three hours after John had left the Yard. John looked at him from where he was sitting at their makeshift desk, typing away on the latest blog entry between piles of official NSY case files and papers with handwritten notes scribbled all over the page.
“Mmh… what do you get out of it then?” Sherlock still sounded sceptical, but he wouldn’t fight this time.
Usually, Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to sleep during a case, but he had already made an exception to his case-mode schedule. If John was lucky, he’d even be able to coax a slice of toast and at least one cup of tea past those enticing lips. He liked taking care of Sherlock, especially since the genius had nearly collapsed after a particularly intense 74 hour case. All attempts to reason with Sherlock and convince the stubborn detective that a modicum of sleep and food might help his 'transport' to survive the case had been cut off with snarky replies. Of course, that didn’t keep the doctor from trying…
Sherlock took a step back, pulling away from Greg...however, the sudden movement snagged at his already aching ribs and he found himself stooped over, struggling not to grimace. "No, I'm not," he hissed through clenched teeth as he once again pressed the palm of his hand against his torso to hold the pain in place.
"What flavour would Jawn like?” Mycroft helped him up, and held him in a loose embrace.
"Both toppings?"
1. Kind of beta read. Emmy skimmed it. ^_^
"Th'o yum'ee, th'o yum'ee!" Sherlock did a wiggle dance in his seat and accepted another bite of soup drenched sandwich. "Peanu'd bi'de!" Sherlock shoved Peanut at Greg's spoon, nearly coating the spotty elephant in soup.
Sherlock shook his head.
"I y'ove g'ass."
"Yay! Now fin' Maui hoo'g!!!"
"L'ellow."
"You will come to bed though?"
Sherlock mumbled around the bottle in his mouth.
"....Nine shee'b."
“What?” Mycroft looked up from the t-shirt he’d been turning over in his hands--the confounding thing didn’t appear to have a seam that indicated ‘right side out’. He supposed it didn’t matter. Then he helped Sherlock sit up, tutting when he whinged about his sore bum. “Bad words? I don’t recall Sherlock saying any bad words, not in any sort of language.” Mycroft pulled the shirt down over Sherlock’s head, ignoring the small fuss he put up as it went over his face. “Did Sherlock use bad words?” he asked pointedly, looking down his nose at his little brother.
Sherlock nodded. "Uh-huh. I y'ike i'd."
“Both tired and hungry?”
"You're such a brute, Mycroft."
“Jawn, we've had this discussion…I am the one in charge. You and Sherlock are only little. What exactly is it going to take for you to realize I’m not a bully?”
"Good Morning, Dr. Hooper. This is Mycroft Holmes."
The baby giggled in surprise, and then bent double. "Oww'ss, G'eg."
Greg rubbed slow circles into the baby's back, feeling him relax by increments.
Sherlock had migrated and was filling both his, and Greg's portion of the bed. "Myc. Myc, wake up, Myc."
Mycroft left the broom in the hallway and poked his head into the bathroom. Jawn was sitting in the half full tub, struggling to get his romper off. Lettuce floated on top of the water.
Sherlock slumped down to the floor, legs splayed out in front of him and looking quite the pitiful sight indeed. “ ‘Cause,” he sniffled, wiping his nose across the back of his hand; “ ‘cause Jawn earns more treats than I do. All’a good prizes always get taken first.”
"No," John growls, giving the prick in his hand a squeeze. "Answer me."
“Wha’d abou’d–?”
"Un'er table. She nee' noo'les too. She is star'bing!"
The little boy obeyed, falling half in Mycroft’s lap. “'Ron man!”
"All o'b them?"
"I don't know where the damned candles are," Greg laughed, putting two gifts on the table; "And I don't appreciate being shouted at about 'em."
Sherlock stared at Mycroft blankly for good, solid minute until he was able to gather his wits. “Sod off, Myc,” he muttered as he scrubbed his brow.
Jawn snorted, which no one in this room full of Rulers of the Derisive Snort would have noticed, had it not been for the fact that the little one had quite forgotten about the straw full of juice in his mouth. A swig of apple juice shot down his throat the wrong way and, for a moment, he lost his breath before coughing violently.
“Don’t be vile, Mycroft," Sherlock said, flopping back down next to Jawn.
"More of what?"
Ah. There it was. "Cause Sherlock is a roly poly bug in his sleep. We didn't want him to bump your arm by accident."
“B-ba’ ba’ ba'--!"
"I think we should be in the same room if you're gunna talk to me."
Sherlock sat up and whinged; “Why not? We always have takeout!…”
Mycroft sat down in the floor next to his little brother while Molly stood by, her eyes wide an uncertain, her hand held over her mouth.
"All his life." Mycroft set Sherlock's bottle on the table in front of him.
"Y-y-yyost."
Sherlock startled at his brothers voice, and dropped his crayon in the water. “Uh oh!” he chirped, digging under the bubbles.
Jawn settled down, curled around his Sherlock. Mycroft resisted the urge to snap one last photo and headed down the hall, leaving the nursery door open and the bathroom light on.
"You want what?"
Greg helped the baby down from the changing table and helped him put his arms in the arm holes, frowning as the baby groaned in pain at the stretch. "Let's go get you some medicine."
"P'omise?"
"Support him. Support John, when he decides that he needs help as well. Let them both know that another 'episode' will not be tolerated."
"I think we've misplaced your bunny, again. We need to put a bell on him," Mycroft teased as he set them to rocking with his foot.
"I y'uuub dir'd! G'eg say we c'n ha'b mud!"
"No, f'ank'oo. No'd t'ooday."
"And that means you can't repeat it."
"He's an absolute mess, Mycroft."
"We'll be going home as soon as they're done," Mycroft murmured, pressing his lips to the top of Sherlock's hair. "They won't do the cast until tomorrow, anyway."
Or so he’d thought.
"Mer'mai'?"
"You don'd?"
“This is far too graphic…”
“I pushed it down the stairs instead.”
Jawn had the good sense to look sheepish. “More toys, p’ease?” he added.
His hand shot up to clutch his side as he felt all of his breath, his mind, and his spirit leave his body in one great big, crushing wave of pain, and he stumbled backwards until he felt his arse bump against the edge of the counter-top.
“Are your head spaces always this inconsistent?” Mycroft asked, helping him off the floor...not even ten minutes had passed since this one had been shouting at him, and now...
"Y'uh, s'yow'yee."
"You're not listening to me. I said NO!" Sherlock is suddenly shouting and the expression on John’s face goes from soothing to thunderous in a single heartbeat.
“Jawn?”
“Sherlock. Daddy isn’t going to tell you again.” John said from his spot at the sink. He wasn’t even going to watch to be sure Sherlock sat on the naughty stool, which made Sherlock both angry and grateful. He wanted Daddy’s attention but it was humiliating having Daddy stand in the doorway and watch him as if he couldn’t be trusted. Sherlock was loath to admit that he probably couldn’t be trusted, but that was really beside the point.
"F'ank'oo fr'ens! Ca'ge now?"
They were both silent and, even though Sherlock's phone would later tell him that the entire conversation lasted less than six minutes total, he felt that it had been much, much longer.
Sherlock stared down at the toy, weighing his options. “…I get a prize?”
"And then a nice bath, with lots of bubbles."
"Nothing. Lie back down."
"Then take your medicine, and it won't hurt like that anymore."
“Game?” Sherlock looked up at his big brother hopefully.
“That’s a perfect rule.” John dropped a kiss on his forehead. He read the rule aloud as he wrote it out. “Sherlock will not unnecessarily risk his health or safety. Daddy will be the one to deem whether or not a risk is necessary.”
Mycroft had the bowl of batter in one hand and a scoop in the other. "Oh, and here I thought I was baking for people who appreciate me."
"This is not appropriate for little minds. Give me the remote.”
Jawn paused, whistle back at his lips, to glance down at Sherlock.
"You can age up and stay by yourself if you prefer." John said absently, taking care to button his cardigan.
"Have you ever actually watched Disney? They usually kill the parents off."
“You say p’ease!”
Mycroft carefully scooted the baby off his lap and went to the pantry, where teh aprons were kept. "This one or this one?" he asked, holding up two.
“My turn!” Jawn zipped out of the kitchen and into the sitting room to begin rifling through DVD's.
Sherlock blushed and pulled his knees closer to his chest. "It's not night time."
"You aren't going to get a choice."
a baby." Greg poked the tip of his nose.
“Whhhhhyyyyyy?!” Jawn whinged, hand still behind his back.
“Yea.”
"But not the blue I'm looking at."
Sherlock glared at the door and huffed through his nose. “Don’t stay up too late,” he said to a sleeping Jawn, mocking his brother’s tone. “It makes you grumpy.” He put his feet up and stretched out on the couch with Jawn still bundled to his chest and soon fell asleep, his forehead still warm.
"Uh-huh, he likes to bake cookies and cakes and all sorts of sweeties."
Molly cooed at them and quickly covered her mouth his her hand.
"Yusss. You c'n borrow these brace'yets an' rings."
"We can arrange it by phone at your convenience. The door is always open."
"No, yeah, I know that. I love having the baby in the house, but I'd gotten used to having you to myself." Greg gave him a cheeky grin that didn't quite reach his eyes.
"O'gay!" Sherlock scrunched his eyes closed; "I wi'ss-"
"I y'ike g'ass."
"C'n o'ben now??" Sherlock asked, turning the boxes this way and that and leaving behind smears of frosting and chocolate crumbs.
"We aren't gunna lay down with him?"
Slow and steady at first, Sherlock reminds himself. Tease him. Take it in, drop it. Use your tongue. Don’t forget his sack, John likes that.
John huffs a sigh, “I think that’s enough chatting on the phone today; say goodbye to Mycroft, Pet.”
"I d'un y'ike ha'ds."
"We don't have any fabric to turn into kitty clothes. Though, we could play dress up..."
"Turn out the light, Gregory."
"I dun' y'ike tha', G'eg."
"I did the pills so you’re cleaning him up, right?" Greg grinned at Mycroft, all teeth. "I'll even clean up Sherlock and put away the left overs!"
John placed the tray in Sherlock's open palms. "Okay Pet. Open your eyes."
"Chew that one first, pet. Carefully."
"When we get home you are going to take some medicine and have some juice."
"Y'uh-huh!"
Greg snorted. "I don't believe you," he said, pouring water over Sherlock's hair.
"A Hulk flower."
In the mirror, Sherlock caught his reflections bottom lip trembling, and he swore.
Sherlock slowly pulled the lid off of the box, revealing a tiny white face with dark eyes. The hedgehog pulled itself onto its hind legs and sniffed the air, making tiny grunting noises.
“He drop it.”
"Si'ss shee'b..."
"I'm not going to be able to button my trousers tomorrow," Mycroft groaned, taking another big bite of brisket despite feeling just this side of uncomfortably stuffed.
"Myc."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and scooped the little detective up and headed for the nursery. “Quickly, Jawn.”
The only reply from Sherlock was the quiet "
Out in the hallway, Greg could hear Sherlock calling for Mycroft. "Sweetheart, Greg is coming."
"Y'ah, my cu'b," Sherlock said, and held out his hand for it.
"...It was just one more cupcake," Greg mumbled as Mycroft took the wet flannels from him, and went to go throw them in the laundry room.
"Maybe we can have some for dinner." Greg kissed Sherlock's forehead. "Sweet baby."
Mycroft blinked at him; “...Sincerely?”
"Of course, darling."
Jawn frowned down at the drawing he was making in the sauce on his shirt. “I eated the carrots. Y'abbits y'ike it.”
John hums, “Yes Pet, and what’s the other one?”
"This my fa'brite!"
"Damn it...see? I told you--!"
"C'mon Molly, work it!" Greg said, then cupped his hands together in front of his mouth and hooted.
“What shall we do while we wait then?”
"The flower needs water to drink. At this point there is only food coloring in the cup." To stem the sniffles that were already on their way, Mycroft turned and dumped half the cup into the bushes behind them, then added a bit of water from the nearby hose.
Greg handed him the remote; "You're much better at this than I am. Want me to check again for batteries while you look for the mermaid?"
"I know. So fuzzy. One sheep."
“Uh-uh.”
“Wha’d I say?”
“My cupcake now, Daddy!” Sherlock bounced.
"We've been heavy dosing on juice and milk."
“Yes, and those are very good manners, thank you,” Mycroft said as he ushered the nappied little boy into the other room. “But
"I'm a'w dun'. My be'yee is fu'. I s'ill ha'b room for cu'bca'ges though," Sherlock turned his face away from the offered bite.
"He's right here; just lie back down and I'll--"
"It's a little early, but I think you should take some more medicine," Mycroft said, studying the label.
Jawn glanced over his shoulder, his little face scrunched to keep from crying.
“You and Sherlock could learn to be nicer to each other.”
"She already had them." Mycroft slipped another bobby-pin into Molly's new up-do.
"Did...did he already finish going through withdrawal?" Greg asked.
While Mycroft went right on with making Sherlock's sippy-cup, Greg busied himself with plating food for the three of them. He was giving each one a good, heaping portion of mac-and-cheese, when he felt someone grab the bottom of his shirt and lay their head on his shoulder. "You're supposed to be at the table," he said, smiling.
“Okay,” John placates simply, not pushing him, “how about we go back to the game, then?”
. I don’t understand why you still want to play with me or how you still trust me.” John sounded desperate, confused and angry at himself.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice finally dragged him out of his thoughts. He gave John a quizzical look.
Ninety minutes later they were sitting in Lestrade’s office, giving their statements and wrapping up the case officially. Sherlock listened with feigned interest when they went over John’s statement for a second time and slowly drifted deeper and deeper into his mind palace.
When John was convinced that he might as well add a third finger, he slipped both fingers out of Sherlock’s well-prepped arse and picked up the butt plug instead. He covered the toy with lube as well before he pressed it against Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock groaned wantonly, but John showed no mercy. He gave Sherlock’s arse another slap for good measure, only increasing the loudness of his needy moans. Sherlock struggled hard not to writhe in pleasure and want when John slowly fucked him with the toy. “Please, Captain, give me all of it. I really need it,
Sherlock smiled triumphantly but pretended that he didn’t dare to move. “I know exactly how you killed her; you and your brother. You’re an idiot, acting on impulses, but the plan was well thought out.”
solved the case, but I need an official statement for the paperwork. Thomas didn’t say anything about his motive or the murder itself.”
Sherlock felt like he was on the verge of tears. He had disappointed John with his disobedience. He’d never felt bad about it with other doms, but John was the last person to deserve this. John loved him, he cared about him, cared enough to remind him of his safeword before the scene. Sherlock swallowed the feeling down before it could get the better of him and quickly locked the door. He had no idea how long John would need to choose all the items, so he stripped as hastily as possible and knelt down on the soft carpet between the fireplace and the coffee table.
"Yes, you can. Do you want to sit on the counter again to see?"
“We’s got the chewy ones. Them ones is easier.”
"I need Sherlock to stay here and find me some more clovers."
Mycroft piqued an eyebrow at Jawn. "Oh, really?"
“I’m serious!”
“Oh no, I think not!” Mycroft growled, hefting Jawn up and over his shoulder in one fluid motion, causing the wailing little doctor to shriek again. A sharp swat to the back of his leg cut him off.
"E-eh-evvry'fffing!"
Greg patted Sherlock's hip. "Sit still, please."
"Sherlock's belly is gunna be full and happy."
Sherlock put Peanut in his booster, right beside Baxter. "G'eg?"
"Where?!?"
"Y'ah." Sherlock tucked his thumb in his mouth and curled his fingers over his nose. "An' ra'ds."
Greg closed his eyes and started to fake snore.
"Yes."
"Good boy, such a good boy!" Greg pulled Sherlock close and wrapped an arm around his waist, then kissed his cheek. "I promise, no matter what Mycroft says...you're going to get a piece of that biscuit for breakfast."
John hummed softly. “You've told me how many times when you’re big, that you wanted a crib. And now it's here you're fighting me about it.” There was no heat behind his words.
"Y'ah, is wha'd I say'ed!" Sherlock said, sounding exasperated with the whole ordeal. "No'buddy y'isten'a me, e'ber!"
"F'yowers."
"Y'ah. I dun y'ike faw'yin'." Sherlock settled back and automatically lifted his bum.
"I y'oooooove b'eds'icks."
"F'ank you for sharing wi'f me! I won' tell nobody I seen 'em at your house!" Molly carefully pulled out bits and bobs, adding each bracelet she found to her skinny arms.
"Shut up. I think it's a much-needed treat after today."
“That’s right, Flopsy. And Mopsy–”
“Awwww. We ha’b to ea’d ve’ga’bles?” Jawn asked, sounding disappointed.
"F'yower!!!"
“M’no’d f’issing!”
"C'yothes in'a ba'ff?"
"Not in front of the baby."
"It looks yummy. Eat it up." Jawn licked the cheese and garlic off the top of his breadstick and dropped it onto his plate. "I can ha'b mo?" he asked, already reaching into the carton for another stick.
"Right-o."
Sherlock bounced in his booster, his cheeks glowing pink. "I y'ub i'd!!!!"
The baby in question was sitting on the floor of the kitchen, his big toe in his mouth. He reached one handedly for Jawn, one large hand supporting his foot.
Sherlock took it out again. "Bu'd, um, bu'd I wan'ned see'a end!" he pouted.
They make it through the whole book without incident, but all hell breaks loose when it’s time to select the next book. Sherlock falls to the floor kicking when Mycroft informs him that it’s Jawn’s turn to select a book. Sherlock “gave up his turn” for a book Jawn would like and now Jawn was going to pick another “crap” book. Which of course sets off Jawn shouting about what a good book the crayon book is, etc.
Sherlock's terrified but he still wan's Da'yee. He'll always want Da'yee.
“...Or another time.” Mycroft linked his fingers with Sherlock’s, giving them a gentle squeeze. “What kind of sprinkles do you prefer?” He guided them down the stairs and out the front door.
Damn. "Jawn's in good hands..."
"I wan' 'er now!"
" Jawn waved Mycroft away and went and held Sherlock's hand. "I wan' b'e's'icks."
"I di' y'it!" Jawn cheered as he let go of Sherlock's hand...and then started to clap. Neither man could get to him in time to stop him, but it only took him clapping once before Jawn stopped, looked down at his arm, then back up at Greg...and started to cry.
Sherlock looked up at his brother in surprise, and then a grin slowly spread across his face. "Na'ged??!"
“Just watch,” Mycroft said as he snapped on a new pair of gloves, causing Sherlock to shiver.
"I did!"
As soon as he regains his bearings he resumes thrusting, harder and faster than before. "I. Said. Not. To. Bite. Daddy." He grunts as he drills himself deep into Sherlock with each word.
are, therefore your hands are little, too." Mycroft handed him a plastic fork while Greg set a cup of applesauce next to his plate.
Mycroft glanced over at his little brother's crestfallen little face. "Well," he said with a knowing smile; "...we do have something we can put on them."
"Of course he's not."
"I 'preci'ade My'cobb!"
"No'd as b'ootiful as My'coff!” Molly wiggled in place, her arm looped through his.
Mycroft turned his attention back to the matter at hand…the sauce-covered matter that looked as if he were starting to gum up already. “What happened to the lettuce, Jawn?”
"The back ones, maybe. But shouldn't the front two be arms?"
Mycroft shrugged, and Greg had to admit, this was the most relaxed he'd ever seen the man. "He's full, and he's happy."
Sherlock shuffled over to the wardrobe while Greg and his brother were sniping at each other, and dejectedly looked through the drawers full of clothes. He felt bad. He felt bad that Jawn was hurt, of course, but now Jawn was feeling better and Mycroft and Greg were doing everything for him, and Sherlock felt bad that he wasn't helping more, and he felt bad for feeling bad about Jawn getting the attention from them both, 'specially since he needed it. Sherlock grabbed the first green onesie he saw as well as whatever one was underneath it, and clutched them in his fist while he sucked his thumb and waited.
"Yot'th an' yo'th."
"White polka dots, yes."
"Hm. Is it a piece of furniture at all?"
"Shi'd," Sherlock parroted, causing Molly to sputter and giggle, hiding behind her napkin. "Shi'd, shi'd, shiiiiii'd."
"Accident or not, she's still very cross. And homeless. So, Billy looked around at the big field, still full of flowers. 'Well, you have your pick of any of them!', he told her.
Mycroft frowned as he finished washing Sherlock’s hands. The sniffles that had abated began in full force. “Shhh, don’t start,” he said, reaching into his pocket for Sherlock’s dummy and popping it in the sniffly detective’s mouth with a practiced hand. “You let me take care of Jawn.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but tied the bib on him. “I put on Jawn’s bib," Sherlock announced, hopping up to stand next to Mycroft.
"Bax'er n' Pea'nud din'nah cuss. They ge'd cu'bca'ge?"
"Yu'h," Sherlock nodded, gripping the nipple of his bottle in his teeth.
"Didn't I say it was time to close your eyes and be quiet? Because it's time to close your eyes and be quiet." Mycroft turned Sherlock onto his side, facing him, and began to pat him.
“Jawn wa'sh ho’d.” Sherlock said, wincing at a particularly loud slam.
"Okay, I need you to go stay next to him, okay? Can you do that for me?"
"...Well, do we?"
Greg sighed. "Please, Sherlock? I promise we'll get up in a little while and we'll all have a nice, big breakfast together."
Greg looked pointedly at John...who was a doctor, after all.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Come here, you strange little man."
"Mmmmmaybe. Bu'd I s'ill f'ink f'ree is a bes' amoun'd of cu'bca'ges."
Jawn held up his hand, pointer finger extended, hovering above Sherlock’s face…then jabbed the little detective square on the nose, making him go cross-eyed. “BEEP!”
“Are too! I even tried’a show you!”
“How are you supposed to ask?”
"...Vatican Cameos."
"But you have to promise, with all your heart, that you'll take the second one when we tell you to," Greg added.
The little Captain went quiet for a moment; “…Did you mean it?”
“C'eme fa’ owie!”
Greg passed by them on the way to the front door. "Table's all set; he's got a bib laying on the tray of his booster."
“But the park has a lookout so we can see merchant ships.”
"Call it morbid curiosity as to why I was wrist deep in my adult little brother's wet nappies."
"Oh, ri'de!" Sherlock whispered. "G'eg?"
"Now, now," Mycroft tutted. "It's past your bedtime."
"I know I didn't put them away in the playroom!" Mycroft called after him, then stood staring at Greg for a moment before they both hurried after the baby.
"Yeah. You told me, mmmm" Greg hummed and tapped his chin as if he were in deep thought; "...three times now."
"No," Sherlock pouted, and took his toy back. "My turn."
"N'ah drop f'owers," the baby repeated, and very gingerly picked up the last two.
Mycroft arrived with a baby bottle of apple juice, and handed it to Greg. "Can you handle him while I go get dressed?"
"Are so. Isn'he cute, Mycroft?"
"I know."
Mycroft heard a soft noise and turned to see Greg standing in the doorway, hands shaking so badly that it was quite an effort to keep a hold of the sippy cup.
Sherlock frowned at him. "Tha' wasn' nice, G'eg."
"Ahh, so he’s being helpful and not a bit manipulative, then?"
John’s eyes widen at the demand, and his carnal instincts take over. If Sherlock is so eager to have his face fucked like a dirty whore, then John would be much obliged.  He thrusts forward, and Sherlock is ready, swallowing every inch that John gives him. His nostrils flare as he seeks air, but he doesn’t sputter. Their eyes met as John pulls out slowly.
"Yeeeeees, booster," Greg said as he turned around and caught up the baby. "Here, you can sit with Peanut and talk to Molly."
"You are Sherlock now, but the first time you wore nappies you were everyone's sweet little Billy-boy."
"Yes, Mr. Hol-Mycroft."
"Da'yee does'at," Sherlock garbled around his thumb, rubbing his bunny's ear on his nose.
"No. My treasures is ge'dding too bi'."
"Any minute...careful, sweetheart." Mycroft kept one hand under Sherlock's backside, and the other under his arm to keep him from tipping over as he climbed down from the changing table at a turtles' pace.
"Yea. It's already gone."
Greg smirked down into his cup, the tips of his ears turning pink; "That'sa generous offer. Can we wait and see how we feel then?"
"Good then. Let's get this over with and get you tucked back in shall we?"
"Ten more to go!"
, there was something in the grass, just over there! A bit of red, glinting in the sun.
“Careful. Not ridiculous. Hurry, Jawn...before dawn, please.”
Greg tipped his head back, staring at the ceiling. "I do love 'im."
"...So are you going to go fetch a nappy, or am I just gonna be soaked in piss?"
Sherlock pouted and quickly shook his head, making his curls bounce.
"I heard you the first time."
"Good job, muffin. Here let's put it on."
“Two…”
"An action film maybe wasn't clever to get a certain someone to S.L.E.E.P."
"Tha's a y'ot."
“Home, I thought. Why?”
"Fair enough." Mycroft rolled over with a quiet groan; "But I'm still getting up with him."
"Well since these are all for Sherlock, I guess that proves that you're the one who's a bay-bee."
"Sh'eese?"
Mycroft was instantly (and rightly so) suspicious. A simple piece of candy couldn’t have garnered such a response…could it? They’d both had piles of ice cream earlier in the day, after all. He looked down into the pail and saw an assortment of candies, stickers, balloons, little decorative hair clips (…hair clips?…), colourful rubber balls, toy cars, sticky-looking things shaped like insects…what on earth could be that special?
"Ce'yebra'd my bir'fday?"
Two heads nodded furiously.
John instinctively rested one of his hands on the back of Sherlock's head, his fingers pulling through the knotty curls. "You're a good boy." He praised as he gave Sherlock a quick kiss to the top of his brow.
He shook his head; “No, not here, lad. Sherlock needs to be a big boy and do it himself this time.”
“Jawn nekkie now," Sherlock snarked at the bath water, ignoring the little doctor’s indignant squawk. Mycroft helped Sherlock up off the floor and began to undress him.
Not that he would, not tonight, not under these circumstances...but the baby didn't know that. "Nuuuuuuuu!"
Jawn looked over his shoulder and nodded emphatically.
"Not in front of the baby, Gregory."
"My'coff!" Sherlock whinged, putting his hand back on Mycroft's hip and shaking him. "Make him gi'b i'd back!"
“Sherlock,” he said softly, but firmly; “...go finish your dinosaur movie.”
"May'bee dead ba'dd'ries."
"They wou' be a'licious!" Sherlock hopped off the counter and let Greg guide his hands under the running tap.
"Nakey baby in the garden. The faerie's are sure to love that."
"What is all this?" Greg asked, peering into the box. "Why do you have my broken watch?"
Sherlock grunted and tried to wriggled out of Greg's grasp. "Noooooo, G'eg!"
"The pink necklace would match too. What do you think Sherlock?" Greg asked and looked down at Sherlock, who was twisting one of his earring to make sparkles appear on the wall.
There was a long pause before Mycroft got a response: a simple 'thank you'.
"And shi'ken!"
"F'yowers?"
Mycroft didn't reply.
"You're both going to catch salmonella one day." Mycroft kept a wary eye on the chocolate all over Sherlock's face.
," Sherlock stage whispered as he sneaked back into the bedroom behind Greg.
“My’coff!” Jawn squawked indignantly. “Make him give!”
"Well, you had it when you took your medicine."
Jawn glowered at him for a moment before scooting around Mycroft and opening the front door, making sure the knocker was askew.
"Sherlock, pet, we're putting away the jewelry. Not putting more on."
Sherlock shakes his head, “You’re different; you always have been.”
“I can’t…oh god, I can’t, it’s too much!” Sherlock was gasping, his sweat-slicked curls knocking against John’s skin as he shook his head.
As soon as John had gotten home, Sherlock had dragged him out on the case and now they were chasing the lad through backstreets and alleys, the blood pumping through their veins. Sherlock may have found the case for John, but he was enjoying himself immensely, as well; they had both needed this.
“Why?” John responds with a shake of his head, “Because it feels nice. You’ve never done it?”
“Perfect,” Sherlock insisted, although he couldn’t stop the wince of pain at the stretch.
way, but of course John will not.
“Who?”
John…especially not after all the things he’s put him through. He allows himself exactly one moment to close his eyes and shake his head against the pain at the thought before he rolls over to grab his phone from the night stand.
“Do you have the papers?” Sherlock asked, putting an end to the conversation.
“Good video?” John asks timidly.
“Yes,” John affirmed, moving his face enough to the left that his nose rubbed softly against Sherlock’s neck as he nodded.
John cleared his throat, “That’s alright, that’s normal,” he assured him, “does your hand feel good against your...uh…” he hesitated.
The words echo those which Holmes had said before Lestrade entered the flat and the two men look at each other from the corners of their eyes briefly.
“Bet a knowledge of the solar system didn’t seem so trivial in that moment,” Watson goads.
When the case was over, Sherlock was subdued and extremely quiet. He entered Baker Street and toed off his shoes, hanging up his coat and heading for the kitchen and the bottle of scotch they kept behind the microwave. Sherlock never drank, preferring other intoxicants, but he sat at the kitchen table and poured himself two fingers, throwing it back and then adding a second.
“Nope,” John says brightly, popping the ‘p’ the way Sherlock himself is prone to do, “and besides, even if I had: you lot have gotten so flabby over the years he’d never have been able to recognize you!”
John smiles as he guides the taller man’s lips down to his and kisses him with such a deep, devoted passion that they lose themselves within it. You always hear about the type of kiss that makes the world stop, fireworks appear, a shiver go through your entire body. But this kiss is different than that; it feels like the final piece of a puzzle has finally made its way to lock in to its position, and both men know they’ll never be apart again.
Sherlock looks extremely confused, "What?"
“Yes,” Watson agrees.
“Your presence soothed me,” he states in wonder, and John recognizes that tone.
You purse your lips and search my eyes vulnerably, almost like you’re looking for something. This is a moment that could change everything and it scares the piss out of both of us.
“I didn’t dare try to shoot her in the heart,” John admits quietly, as though entranced by the sight on the floor, “Not sure she actually has one,” then he shakes his head and amends, “
you?"
Flash back over to Henry who is having another difficult night. While watching the telly, his motion-sense lights are triggered in the backyard multiple times, effectively causing him to have a meltdown.
“Divorced. Now I consider myself married to my work.”
“I’ve had this song stuck in my head all night,” John finally spoke into the oppressive silence, “if I play it, will you listen?”
It didn't take long to realise something was wrong. Sherlock wasn't where he was when John had left. Pushing through the crowds, John attempted to find Sherlock in the mass of bodies, eventually seeing him outside in the darkening air. Unfortunately, he wasn't alone.
And sure enough, Sherlock is pretending to prance like a fairy as he imitates the voice of a small girl. At Sherlock’s mention of Cluedo, John gives him an emphatic no.
They don’t speak for a while.
“How else are we supposed to know what’s on there?” he asks logically, honestly curious.
“Well, both.”
“In a nutshell, yes.”
,” John swears as his hands grasp the bony hips and his head slams back against the floor.
“I mean it. Utterly brilliant,” he continues, “I could watch you solve crimes all day and be perfectly happy.”
When Sherlock wakes a few hours later, it is to find his scarlet faux-suede journal lying on the pillow next to him. His stomach drops as he deduces what that must mean. His brow furrows as he spots a piece of paper sticking out towards the end, with the words “Start here” written on it.
instance will do - because he
That’s all the answer he gets, and Watson doesn’t push it any further.
“It’s not true!” Watson fumes, “What the hell does Sherlock think he’s doing?”
They enjoy watching the portrayal of the chase of the cab, the laughter as they return to 221B, and then the fake drugs bust.
With John’s hand massaging him as his cock thrusts against his, Sherlock comes hard for a second time, shooting even more semen into the lining of his silk pants. The feel of Sherlock’s pulsing erection through the elegant material, as well as the utterly destroyed look on his face, brings John quickly over the edge after only a few more thrusts.
What in the world could cause Sherlock to lie to him like that? John has had countless occasions throughout the years to watch Sherlock come across information that he had deleted (like the solar system) to make space for “more important” things (like 243 types of tobacco ash), and this hadn’t been like that at all. This was a lie. This was acting. This was
The new woman draws the same conclusion about their misleadingly similar outfits and their relationship status. She excuses herself quickly and with a blush.
can’t tell them apart either. At the end of it, John doesn’t look at all surprised by what’s just happened, more like he just doesn’t care.
A quick internet search gives him mixed reviews on the honesty of sleep talking. Some articles claim that the coherent statements are true while the incoherent ramblings probably mean nothing. However, some scientists claim that there is no sound basis for declaring one way or the other, but that it’s best not to place too much stock in the words being true.
He looks quickly around the room, taking stock before snatching up his wallet and heading downstairs. He finds Sherlock in his chair, typing something on his laptop.
“My dearest, Holmes,” I began and thrilled to see his entire body relax, his eyes soften, “I rather fear that I am in love with you in return.”
“What?” John smiles through a paradoxical mix of amusement and embarrassment, “Everybody masturbates, Sherlock!”
“That’s alright, dear,” Nancy reaches a hand to Trixie’s and pats it soothingly with a smile, “I also thought they were a couple after their behavior during the ceremony.”
“It was Mycroft?” Holmes asks with a hint of betrayal in his tone.
Instead of letting his imagination take over with a fantasy, he focused his energy on John. The noises he had slowly allowed to increase in volume, imagining what he must look like right now, separated from him only by a flimsy door. He envisioned John lying on his back, hand wrapped around his impressive erection. Sherlock knew from observing that John’s girth was above average, even if the length was fairly standard.
Sherlock solves the car case and they rescue the man from the street. John eats as he and Sherlock discuss the ordeal they’re in in a cafe. They get the text about TV personality Connie Prince’s death, then the old woman comes on screen, causing both men to stiffen as they remember that this one isn’t saved.
you started calling out at night, but you would no longer accept tea to ease your troubled mind; only my presence could do that. I never really thought twice about the arrangement: you needed comfort and I enjoyed the feeling of being needed, so as your arms would wrap around me and your chest pressed closely to my back, I would smile as I allowed sleep to overtake me.
“Would you like me to seduce you?” John asked against one of the overly sensitive spots on the other man’s enticing neck.
“Maybe that killer is still at large?”
“You’re intoxicated,” Sherlock laughs, although feeling the pride welling inside him that John -
Symbolic but useful. And not nearly enough.
“Later,” he promises with a mischievous glint in his eye, “I’d rather like to see if I can give you some stubble burn first.”
“Oh,” Sherlock blushed deeply and flicked his eyes from the screen in embarrassment, “of course. I am aware of that subject. I didn't understand the terminology or...actions.”
With a slow shaking hand, Sherlock placed the heel of his palm over his cock. The layers of cloth between his skin dulled the pleasure slightly, but Sherlock wasn’t quite bold enough - nor far gone enough - to reach inside to grasp himself. It had been 10, maybe 15 years since he had even
So when John wakes up just a few hours after falling asleep - panting and sweating as his heart races and the sounds of shots and screams fade away in his ears - to find Sherlock kneeling next to his bed, he’s not entirely surprised. Sherlock knows better than to touch him, but his right hand is incredibly close to his left shoulder, their left hands centimeters from each other as Sherlock’s concerned gaze takes in every detail of John’s face.
“Absolutely.”
“Am I supposed to actually know what you’re referring to from this far away?” Holmes shouts back around the toothpaste in his mouth.
“Honestly, does the woman not understand that he’s not interested in her?” Watson fumes, fighting the jealousy in the pit of his stomach again, “She’s tried how many times now, unsuccessfully?”
“You can’t possibly mean…” but he couldn’t bring himself to voice it aloud. Could they have possibly been hiding from each other all these years?
“We just...drink it?” Sherlock asks. He’s never been a big drinker - obviously drugs were his go-to reality suspender of choice - but he has done it, typically outside of his living space, though.
At some point the clapping reluctantly draws them out of their own world and back to the reality that they are, in fact, still in a public location.
So far, Sherlock had to admit that they were all a lot more...
“Slow,” John whispered, almost as a reminder to them both.
“Night, Sherlock,” he says on a yawn, lying on his back with his head turned towards the door as usual.
Nodding softly, John didn’t see any reason to lie as he bit his lip, “He was worried.”
John sighs before whispering, “I don’t know, but the polite thing to do is to pretend you don’t see it.”
There was a heavy silence between them before Mycroft continued softly, admitting: “I am afraid of the lengths he will go to to rediscover the information he’s so determined to obtain.”
“We swept the flat for all bugs and cameras after Moriarty’s death,” Holmes attempts to sound reassuring, but he’s not confident that they found the one being shown on the screen any more than Watson is.
Sherlock threw his head back when the tip of John’s lubed cock breached him, pressing deeper and deeper in one smooth, steady glide. They’d had sex for almost a year now, but John’s girth surprised him every time. Sherlock adjusted quickly, wiggling his hips as the Sherlockian way of saying “Move!”
“No, but it is what it is,” the taller man said reassuringly and tightened his grip on the shaking man in his arms. God, he too was shaking by now and it only made sense. He had tried to ignore it for years and now that it all forced its way back to the surface… Sherlock had never handled emotions well; especially not when they involved a particular army doctor.
much by going on with whatever you were about to do.”
It was a ridiculous idea to identify with any chemical element, but Sherlock found it quite fitting. 'Extremely high melting point, resistant to pressure, impossible to shape when not bound with others, requires some effort till it’s easy to work with, surprisingly brittle, used for military grade bullets…' he thought.
Sherlock arched his neck and moaned whorishly when John finally began to fuck him in earnest. His thrusts were hard, punishing even, and before long John groaned in the particular way he always did when he was dangerously close to the edge. His rhythm became even faster; the movement of his hips frantic as he aimed for Sherlock’s prostate with each unrelenting thrust. Sherlock whimpered and wrapped his legs around John’s hips to allow his boyfriend to penetrate him even deeper when he felt a familiar heat pool in his lower abdomen.
“Where to?” the cabbie asked and John briefly met his eyes in the rear-vision mirror.
Sherlock’s low moan vibrated through John’s cock and John sighed in response. He clenched his hands tighter into the sheets to keep himself from grabbing Sherlock’s hair and thrusting up into the enticing, wet heat. The idea was tempting, but he did not want to dominate his boyfriend too much when they weren’t actually playing. Not that Sherlock would mind, obviously, but John was very keen on keeping the lines between those aspects of their relationship clear.
“You could have woken me, you know,” Sherlock said as he entered the kitchen, now fully dressed.
enough,” Sherlock rasped and grinned like a Cheshire cat when he slowly crawled over John, the blanket slipping off his shoulders on the way.
The criminal was only a few yards from John, but he couldn’t aim at him because there were still too many people between his gun and the potential target.
John looked at the mop of black curls resting on his chest, its owner still peacefully asleep, and sighed internally. Sherlock should be his priority at the moment, but Harry was his sister. His bloody
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s unruly curls and gently massaged his head. After a while, Sherlock looked at him with sleepy, half lidded eyes and smiled. “Mmh, that
?” he asked instead.
veteran reunion.” The
Sherlock kissed him back enthusiastically and gave an annoyed groan when both their mobiles pinged with incoming texts. Sherlock broke the kiss and rolled over to his side of the bed to snatch his smartphone form the bedside table. “It’s from Lestrade,” he sighed and scrolled through the text. “He wants to have our statements by ten.”
was right where he wanted him to be. He bobbed his head up and down on Sherlock’s cock, occasionally breaking his rhythm to tease the frenulum with his tongue or repeatedly flick it over the slit. It didn’t take long until Sherlock’s moans became more frequent; another rush of bitter precome mingled with John’s saliva and when John noticed the shallow but tell-tale thrusts of Sherlock’s hips, he withdrew his mouth from the other man’s cock altogether. Sherlock desperately arched his hips up into – nothing – and actually
John left him like that for a couple of minutes, occasionally darting a glance at him to see whether he was ready for another go. When Sherlock’s breathing returned to normal, John switched the plug back on. This time, he started right away with the second setting. Sherlock groaned and mewled through the onslaught of sensations, but John only grinned. “No use in whining, Sherlock. We’re only getting started,” he said but kept his eyes firmly on the telly screen.
The shorter man leant forward and kissed Sherlock affectionately until he began to calm down a bit. “I’m glad you told me that you’re rather concerned about the entirety of the relationship than the kink itself. But I’m afraid we’ll have to talk about either.”
“Oh, nothing.” John suppressed a giggle and reached out to wipe the smudge away with his index finger. Before he could register the movement, Sherlock had already turned his head to suck the fingertip into his mouth and lick it clean with kittenish flicks of his tongue, all the while looking up into John’s eyes.
John darted a glance at his watch. “We’ll better get up then.”
“I think it’s safe to assume that you’re fine with including all of the sex toys we’ve already used?”
“You think I’m an idiot–”
“God, John, feels good… so
– when John had eaten barely enough to keep himself alive. In the end, he had managed to drag him back from this dark place and he was determined to keep John happy.
Sherlock’s face turned beet red when he remembered
for an orgasm, however John decided that the focus of this scene would be on temporarily shutting down Sherlock’s mind – which always worked best if he kept him waiting and working really hard for it.
“More than alright,” he purred happily.
He didn't pay much attention to John, took off his coat and scarf and let himself flop onto the sofa facedown. Before John had a chance to join him, Sherlock stretched and sprawled out, claiming the entire sofa like a spoiled cat.
she was killed. John, when I said that the case is basically solved, I meant it. So would you
John shrugged and confirmed the DI’s fears: “Might as well. I’d probably punch him in the face considering that he almost killed Sherlock.” Sherlock had clearly earned his forgiveness yesterday, but he was still angry at the other man. John flinched involuntarily when he felt Sherlock’s hand gently stroke over his. He hadn’t even realised he’d curled it into a tight fist, his fingernails digging into his skin and leaving half-moon-shaped imprints on his palm.
“Tungsten, sir.”
“That’s bribery.” Sherlock tried to keep his breathing steady, but he was already close to panting and definitely getting hard again. John had learned exactly how to make him come undone. “
“I may have a military kink, but gun play is a hard limit.”
“You can’t seriously expect me to eat any of this before the case is closed,” Sherlock said determinedly and glared at the jam-laden toasts as if they were poisonous.
Sherlock was out of his depth. Why couldn’t John just get on with the fucking punishment? “I don’t know.” John grabbed a handful of curls and pulled moderately until Sherlock looked up at him. “I don’t know,
“What about light bondage? Handcuffs, ropes… nothing too fancy yet?”
Thank you so much for the 100+ kudos <3
“Yeah, God knows I’m used to it,” Clara sniffed. “Harry’s not in hospital anymore, she’s home, John. She’s with me, but I have to leave for work in three hours. I… fuck, I hate her for doing this and I’m not letting her down,
'Weak,' Sherlock thought. 'I’ve told him too much about my previous Dom and now he thinks I’m
“Thanks, Greg,” John mumbled and rushed away from the scene. He didn’t want to look at Sherlock, Thomas or the splintered glass panel. Sure enough, these images were pretty clearly edged into his memory already. He cared about Sherlock. He was angry with Sherlock. He was angry with him
“Red? Do you like the colour?” he grinned.
“I want you to think of a fantasy you’ve had; something that involves your military kink.”
Sherlock only huffed in response. It wasn’t like he hadn’t slept in days; this case was different from that bloody game with Moriarty!
“I read that stupid email
John heaved a sigh. “Yes, but I really can’t talk about it.”
John stood up from the sofa, took both Sherlock’s hands into his and helped him get into a sitting position. He did not let go of Sherlock’s hands when he crouched down in front of him. “Come on, sweetheart, look at me,” he demanded softly and Sherlock opened his eyes. They were glazed over, his pupils dilated, gaze slightly unfocused. John recalculated the amount of aftercare Sherlock was going to need. He sat down on the couch as well, his entire body turned towards the naked man. “Do you know why I chose this punishment over the thorough spanking you deserved?”
… Yes, yes,
Of course he did. It had happened during the Moriarty case. Sherlock had been working non-stop, wrapping up cold cases and actively trying to save hostages. The inevitable showdown with Moriarty and his snipers had kept him going for a while, but when the adrenaline eventually subsided, he’d almost collapsed in the middle of the sitting room. John had barely managed to make him sleep in their bed instead of on the sofa. The following quarrel had been a bit not good.
, so to speak. As your sub, I’m also responsible for helping you cope with Dom drop, or better still prevent it from happening in the first place.”
“I think we should move this to the bedroom before Mrs Hudson walks in on us. Get up, pet.” John deliberately skipped the mention of clients, but when Sherlock stood up a little shakily, the prominent bulge in his pyjama bottoms at John’s eye-level, it was obvious that his priorities had changed rather quickly.
John withdrew his hand from Sherlock’s cock altogether. “You didn’t think that you’d actually get away with a bit of edging, did you? You are not allowed to touch yourself and you are not allowed to come until Saturday evening, Sherlock.”
'And what kind of Dom does it make me when I didn’t realise this before?' John thought. He still wasn’t convinced that he hadn’t pushed him too far. It would explain why Sherlock had become all bratty and provocative… to defend himself. He should have been more careful, should have stopped the scene immediately the first time Sherlock had cried.
The landlady set her teacup back on the saucer with a clattering sound. “Oh John, I can see why you’re so agitated! It must have been quite a bit of a shock for you.”
Sherlock quickly put on his shoes and by the time he slipped on his coat John was already on his feet. He hurried to get ready as well, not without picking up his gun from his bedside table. When he came back into the sitting room, Sherlock spun around on his feet, Belstaff swirling behind him. He was clearly looking for something and John knew exactly what. He went to his own chair by the fireplace and held up Sherlock’s scarf.
John sat up on his elbows and gave him a serious look. “Yes, of course. We’ve had casual but great vanilla sex before; that doesn’t have to change because of your military kink.” He tilted his chin up a bit. “Come here, love.”
Sherlock didn’t bother listening to the end of the sentence: “So, you are calling me just to tell me that you totally messed up some basic police work for the… what? Third time this month?”
John Watson without having to call Greg and making an innocent police officer listen to Sherlock’s insults in the meantime.
“You’re probably wondering why I’m interested in indulging your kink without demanding anything in return. Again, this has nothing to do with me getting off on ordering you around, Sherlock.”
“Good. I will make this reward very pleasurable for you, but I want you to tell me about that fantasy while I suck you off.”
“That you have a military kink?”
John’s hand gently began to knead Sherlock’s erection of its own accord and when Sherlock moaned in response, John, too, gave in to the pent-up arousal. He wrapped one leg around Sherlock’s hips and turned both of them around so that Sherlock was lying supine and John straddled his lap. In one swift movement, he pulled off his shirt and began to rub his half-hard cock against Sherlock’s erection in a slow but steady rhythm, eliciting low moans from the man underneath him. John lost his rhythm a bit when he leant forward and licked over the delicate skin of Sherlock’s suprasternal notch, then sank his teeth into the skin and sucked hard, making sure that he would leave a clearly visible love bite there. Sherlock groaned even louder and arched his hips off the sheets; grinding his almost painfully hard cock against John’s as he did so. He was desperate for some friction, desperate for release.
John tugged gently at the curls in his hands and Sherlock gave a soft moan as he tilted his head back obediently. John grinned. “I don’t feel like playing a scene either, but if you don’t want to break with your submissive role, you should know that you can please me
“Where’s Sherlock?” Greg asked good-humouredly.
“Good boy.” John’s simple praise was enough to tip him over the edge emotionally. Sherlock tried to suppress a little sob, but he couldn’t keep his emotions from spilling over. He shook slightly when he felt the hot tears spill over his closed eyes and run down his cheeks.
turn it into a scene or play session, right?”
The detective knew that the things John just said about Irene were merely an attempt to restore the kind of normality they’d never had. Sherlock had never been interested in women and John knew it. John had never been exclusively straight and open about it and Sherlock knew that as well. Throughout the past years, there had been too many denied feelings, too many lost chances, too many lies and too much pretending. If they did not change this now, they probably never would…
Sherlock forced himself to stop before he got too close and focused on John’s pleasure instead. He leant forward and placed affectionate kisses on John’s cheeks, the corners of his mouth, his jawline, followed by some less affectionate and hungrier kisses on John’s throat and chest and abs. Sherlock smirked when John’s breath hitched as he dipped his tongue into John’s navel on his way down, but he stopped just before his lips reached the waistband of John’s pants.
John took his sweet time before he gave Sherlock the necessary instructions. Patience was only one of the things that John would have to teach him. The ex-army doctor tried to keep his voice calm as he spoke: “I’ll go to our bedroom now and collect all the things I need for the scene. When I come back, I want you kneeling right where you are standing now: completely naked with your hands behind your back. Lock the door before you strip.” John didn’t wait for Sherlock’s whispered 'yes, sir' before he turned around and headed for the bedroom at the far end of their flat.
Sherlock shook his head. “Three, thank you, John.”
“It doesn’t matter anymore because I don’t want your domination if you really think that a bit of edging is enough to cross my limits. I’m nothing like the fragile little
“I’ve already emailed my results and deductions to Lestrade. There are still two possible killers, the victim’s sons. Both of them work in the medical field, both of them had a motive. I can’t yet tell who of them did it, but I know
was the very reason John was in that kind of headspace – he would try everything to get John out of it.
John nodded understandingly. “I think talking about it has already helped me to feel a bit better. Thank you, sweetheart.” He brought their intertwined hands closer towards him and pressed his lips gently against the back of Sherlock’s hand in a short kiss.
“Do you want to play now or when the case is solved completely?”
, real. Sherlock had dreamt about this so many times already that in a way he still questioned the reality of the situation. He had been on drugs again, had nearly overdosed and perhaps this was just another drug-induced dream. John pressed his body closer against Sherlock’s, taking those doubts away as if he had somehow guessed Sherlock’s thoughts. Then, all of a sudden, the heavy weight of reality came crushing down on him. This wasn’t a dream. John had saved him and now they stood in the living room of 221B; kissing, touching, still kissing… John brushed the tip of his tongue over the seam of Sherlock’s lips, then gently sucked on the plush bottom lip. Sherlock sighed heavily – the kiss felt incredible for its own sake but the fact that
“What about names during a scene?” Sherlock asked curiously.
“And you’ve already broken two of those promises. Pity.” John picked up the rhythm till Sherlock was panting hard, fucking up into John’s fist to chase his release.
“I mean, what do you expect from this? What do you want to get out of it? Is it about discipline, submission, roleplay, humiliation… pain?”
is bothering you all day?”
“It’s crucial to negotiate this properly, Sherlock. I thought about it quite a lot this morning and it’s a kink I want to explore with you, but I need to know what you are in for.”
“Sherlock, I had nothing to go on! I had no bloody clue that he was planning to escape!”
“Please, sweetheart,” John pleaded and tried to arch his hips up, but Sherlock gently pinned him back to the bed.
Sherlock sighed. “The reunion is in five days and I meant to tell you about it, John, I really did, but–” Sherlock simply gestured at the sample under the microscope in front of him. When he was in case mode, he tended to ignore everything that did not directly concern the case, including his need for food and sleep and – much to John’s dismay – his sex drive.
“Sherlock!”
“That’s lovely, thanks.”
'Make it four and a half, adding a minimal morning routine and rejecting John’s attempts to feed me some breakfast,' Sherlock thought and padded towards the bathroom. He mentally corrected his timetable to 'five' when he caught sight of his messy hair in the mirror.
A wave of relief washed over John when he turned his head to see that the bullet had indeed missed Sherlock and splintered the window behind him instead. “Sherlock, I’ll need your handcuffs here,” John said matter-of-factly. He waited patiently, but Sherlock didn’t move. He only stared at John, his eyes shimmering in a way that did not at all suit the situation at hand.
“Desperate
me come,” Sherlock begged breathlessly and placed his other hand on the pillow as well, completely submitting himself to John’s mercy.
. However, the lack of oxygen became too big too soon, leaving them both gasping for air and even then they pressed their foreheads together – unwilling to let go of each other completely.
” Sherlock groaned uninhibitedly when one of John’s lubed up fingers circled his rim and pushed past the tight ring of muscle with only little resistance. Apparently, Sherlock hadn’t noticed that John had already grabbed the lube while getting rid of his own pants and that he had prepared himself while taking Sherlock apart with his mouth.
Before John had a chance to comment on Sherlock’s adorable reaction Sherlock was already running downstairs, as always leaving it to John to bother with the keys and cash for the cab.
John smirked down at the kneeling man. “Clever boy,” he cooed, sat down on the sofa and switched on the telly. Sherlock looked at him questioningly. “Oh, don’t mind me. I still have to keep up with some pre-recorded episodes of EastEnders,” John said casually while reaching into the pocket of his jeans for another, hidden remote. Sherlock yelped in surprise when the plug in his arse began to vibrate on a low setting, but John ignored him.
“Rules are rules, Captain,” Sherlock rasped and 'accidentally' brushed his erection against John’s naked hips. He made a show out of getting up and stretching once he stood beside their bed, drawing all of John’s attention to his slim waist and the obscenely tented boxer briefs. Walking towards the bathroom he let his hips sway a bit more than usual, showing off his full, rounded arse. Sherlock slowly turned around and brushed some stray curls out of his face. “Care to join me in the shower, John?” he asked and John almost jumped to his feet. Sherlock smirked. He held out his right hand and John let himself be dragged into the bathroom.
John shifted around on his chair. He was clearly feeling uncomfortable. “I didn’t want to take advantage of your submission.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “When it comes to the things that escape your understanding, you’ll have to be more specific, John.”
“Know what?”
“Brilliant idea, but saving time isn’t the only reason, is it?” John grinned.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John panted and began to stroke himself in earnest now.
It took me ages to write this particular piece of shameless smut.
Sherlock stored that bit of information away in a new wing of his mind palace and nodded approvingly.
John tried hard not to blush and give the nature of Sherlock’s 'apology' away when he remembered last evening’s scene. However, he couldn’t supress a little smirk. “Actually, yes. Yes, he did.”
Sherlock threw his phone on the bed and quickly changed his dressing gown for a black suit jacket.
“Sherlock, listen! We’ve already contacted the police in Seville. Right now, Thomas is in police custody and on a plane back to London. He’ll arrive at Heathrow in about forty minutes. He’s escaped once and it might be a bit challenging to convict him completely without your assistance. Will you come?”
Sherlock took John’s hand that still rested against his chest into his own hand and guided it down to his crotch. John only gasped when Sherlock pressed John’s palm against the damp fabric of his pants and the throbbing bulge underneath. He kept John’s hand pressed firmly against his erection when he leant closer towards the other man; so close that his lips brushed against John’s ear when he spoke.
game; the very thought of rejection tinged Sherlock’s cheeks pink with embarrassment. Leaving a few hints every now and then, yes. But asking John directly to… to do what in particular? To use his Captain voice more often, especially in the bedroom? To order Sherlock around, make him obey to a yet-to-be-negotiated set of rules and punish him if he didn’t? To control his pleasure, to leave him hard and wanting and waiting for hours, days… and then fuck him senseless? Sherlock had to stifle a moan when the visual part of his imagination kicked in. God, he wanted,
. 'Delete possible scenarios,' Sherlock thought and refocused on the present situation. Thomas handled the gun in a way that would probably result in injuring or killing someone, even if he set it off accidentally. Sherlock’s gaze wandered over the charcoal steel: apparently, the man was so nervous that he hadn’t noticed how the safety was still on. Sherlock approached him slowly.
, your–”
Watson he could muster. He was fed up with the other men’s childish bickering. His tone of voice served its purpose and he honestly didn’t care what other effects it might have on Sherlock. There were more important matters at hand. “Has our suspect arrived yet?”
John placed one knee between Sherlock’s open legs to keep his balance and leant forward to flick his tongue against Sherlock’s left nipple.
“Go on, Sherlock,” John commanded before he took the head of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and sucked hard. Sherlock moaned loudly.
When there was still no sign of him by ten thirty, Sherlock decided to go to bed on his own for once. Hopefully, John would be there when he woke up in the morning. Their fight had been terrible, but John never spent the night anywhere else. Sherlock pulled the blanket tighter around his crouched frame. Minutes went by in a torturously slow pace and no matter how hard he tried to think about his latest experiment, after a few seconds he was back to worrying about John…
Sherlock sniffed and tried to focus. “Yes.”
?” he asked teasingly, ignoring his own arousal for a while in order to focus all of his attention on John’s reaction. For a brief moment, John’s movements stuttered to a halt altogether, then he sat back between Sherlock’s legs. There was a calculating look in his eyes, but Sherlock also noticed the hint of a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth. Sherlock’s heartrate increased when John locked eyes with him, silently asking for something that Sherlock was more than eager to give. No consent for leaving love bites and scratches and other marks on Sherlock’s immaculate skin to make damn sure that everybody knew he was taken, no permission to make things rough; nothing they hadn’t agreed on before. No, John was looking for a more dedicated mind-set, an even deeper kind of submission; something that made Sherlock shiver and mewl and nod in wordless agreement.
“John?”
are brilliant!”
used your laptop… again.”
John did not want to push him, but he had to know… “Would you mind telling me why this makes you feel uncomfortable, love?”
. John dragged the broad tip of the riding crop over Sherlock’s red and heated skin, a fickle promise of what was to come when Sherlock pleased him.
Sherlock leant back and looked at John, but it was clear from his expression that it was too painful to talk about it now. “Let me take care of you as well, love,” he murmured and reached for his bottle of shampoo to take care of John in one of the ways he had taught him how.
“Aaaah, fuck! You haven’t let me come in a week and my balls feel sssso heavy. My cock is so hard it hurts, but all I can do is watch you wank and listen to all the th-things you want to do to me when I’m finally off punishment.” Another moan escaped his lips when John engulfed all of Sherlock’s rigid length in the wet heat of his mouth and swallowed around him.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. I want to enjoy this moment as much as you do, but I have to leave in a few hours. Clara just called me; Harry’s had a relapse, rather bad one from what I can tell. I have to stay with her till Clara gets back from work, but I can worry about that when I’m there. Right now, there are more important things. So… you wanted to talk about yesterday?”
“Why else would I be here?” Sherlock retorted and slipped on his usual mask of aloofness. He decided to let nothing on about his thoughts or the fact that they had nothing to do with the case.
The room fell silent for a couple of seconds and John swallowed a mouthful of tea before he answered. Of course he could insist that everything was just fine between them, but he knew that Mrs Hudson wouldn’t believe it for one second. “Sherlock almost got shot yesterday.”
“Yes, love?”
Sherlock bent down to press his lips against the scarred tissue on John’s left shoulder in a short but loving kiss. “Why did you never tell me?” he whispered against the skin.
“Thanks, mate.” Greg rang off.
John smiled. “Whatever you need, pet.” He leaned in and pressed his lips against his boyfriend’s in a soft kiss.
John sighed. “Actually, Sherlock is still at the Yard.”
“Oh, definitely yes. I like being physically restrained, it makes me feel…
John cupped the underside of Sherlock’s left knee with his right hand and lifted it up until Sherlock could place his leg comfortably over John’s good shoulder. John’s tongue flicked over his upper lip and he grinned when Sherlock’s breath hitched in response.
He got to his feet, grimacing a bit when his knees hurt with the sudden movement, and lay down on the comfortable sofa. He stretched both arms along his body, his hands resting on either side of his hips. His right leg was sprawled out along the backrest, but he let his left leg hang off the sofa completely. Sherlock’s cock lay heavily on his abdomen, its head dark pink and shining with precome.
Lestrade sighed. “I said I got a preliminary statement, but I still need a valid confession.”
“Sherlock, calm down. You quit smoking again, remember?”
out of his depth.
“I never said–”
“What do you mean by 'basically'?” John asked and placed his left hand on Sherlock’s sternum when Sherlock came closer to kiss him again. They still had plenty of time for lazy kisses and sloppy blow jobs and whatever Sherlock had in his beautiful mind, but right now John was honestly curious about the details of the case and why Sherlock had suddenly turned all needy before the murder was properly solved.
Sherlock felt the pleasure rise and ebb in waves, but his arousal was constantly building. Sherlock clenched his hands into fists and did everything he could to take his mind off the buzzing toy in his arse. He even tried to focus on the boring, predictable soap opera that happened to be John’s favourite show. It worked for a while but ten minutes into the first episode Sherlock felt his body approach the sharp edge of orgasm with increasing intensity. He didn’t want to give John the satisfaction of knowing that ten minutes and a vibrating butt plug were all it took to make him fall apart. He really didn’t want to beg for release already, but as if on cue, John switched the plug to a higher setting. Sherlock almost lost his posture and a needy groan escaped his lips. Suddenly, he felt himself standing right on the edge.
!” Sherlock snapped impatiently. “It takes a lot to push my limits within the boundaries we negotiated. Apparently, a lot more than
“I’ll try to get to bed before you stand up again, promise.” With that he padded back to the cluttered table as if nothing out of the ordinary had ever happened.
“I– I was...” Sherlock panted and tried to focus on the orgasm that was coiling tight in his belly. “I was tricked into revealing something… Bond Air project and it made me so… so– Oh fuck, John,
“Fine,” Sherlock snapped and obediently reached for a slice of toast.
“Is everything okay, love?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Take advantage how?”
like that. What it would feel like to have his hands tied together behind his back, naked and at the mercy of Captain Watson. John’s voice brought him back to the matter at hand all too soon.
not working on the case!
Sherlock licked his lips. “Yes.”
Sherlock filed that particular piece away for analysing later, but the concept was easy. “I understand that now, but there’s one more thing we both need to learn. It’s essential to this kind of relationship, so please don’t overthink it. As a Dom you take over a lot of responsibility. You take care of me when we’re playing and also after a scene. You make it easy for me to submit to you because you make me feel safe and respected when I do, but submission isn’t my only…
“Just take another one upstairs for Sherlock. You know I’d carry the tea up myself, but my hip is really bad this morning.”
John leaned forward in his chair and slid his left hand up the back of Sherlock’s neck and grabbed a handful of curls in a possessive gesture. “Good boy,” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips and kissed him ferociously. Sherlock melted into the kiss and sighed when John pulled away.
John blinked awake to the sound of his phone buzzing silently on the wooden surface of the bedside table. As soon as he opened his eyes to the unbearably bright room a mild headache made itself known at the edges of his now conscious mind. That much he’d expected after three pints… What he didn’t expect was a phone call from Clara – his sister’s ex-wife but not quite ex-girlfriend. Normally, John would have gone to the sitting room as not to wake Sherlock, but Sherlock was still sleeping half on top of him, one arm thrown possessively over his stomach.
“Besides, you said it yourself this morning: the case is basically solved.” Sherlock opened his mouth, but John cut him short: “And yes, Greg is perfectly capable of getting some decent police work done without your help.”
John darted a glance at Sherlock and smirked. “I have my ways.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock breathed. He shivered at the prospect of his punishment. In the beginning of this power exchange, John had been overly cautious, carefully probing Sherlock’s limits and pain tolerance. Now that he knew them, he wouldn’t hold back.
“Let me take care of you now,” John whispered and sat back a bit. Sherlock looked utterly debauched. His body was covered in a mess of sweat, tears, lube and precome. “Let’s get you a nice, warm shower and some dinner. Sounds good?”
He swallowed around John’s length a couple of times and John groaned when his entire cock was engulfed in the wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth and throat. Sherlock started sucking at the base and pulled all the way off, the tip of John’s cock sliding out of his mouth with a soft
“I didn’t
John silently repeated the word. “Good.”
you!” Sherlock huffed in mock-annoyance and managed to bite back a low moan when John’s warm, wet lips caressed only the very tip of his throbbing cock. Both of them knew that if John kept things light and slow, Sherlock wouldn’t be coming anytime soon.
When Sherlock got up from his place at the kitchen table, he gave a low moan because the movement caused his erection to shift a bit and when he palmed himself through the thin fabric of his pyjama bottoms, he realised that they were already soaked with precome by now. He discarded them along with his dressing gown and shirt on his way to their bedroom and slipped under the covers in nothing but his pants.
Sherlock gladly sank to his knees between John’s legs, a welcome calmness already washing over him.
John took a deep breath. “He aimed at Sherlock, but hit the window behind him instead. Anyway, do you mind if we leave for today? I want to give Sherlock all the time he needs to process everything that just happened.” It seemed like the perfect excuse. John knew that Sherlock didn’t go into shock that easily. What he
