“Christmas Sammy!” He smiles widely as he gives Sam the carefully prepared eggnog and winks at Cas. “We are going to celebrate this year!”
The red BBQ joint smells of southern food and Dean can’t help but drool as the waitress places the burger and a second beer down in front of him.
The hot water filled the tiny room with steam, condensing on the mirror and shower as Dean tried to close his mind.
“Oh he does, he just can’t be in anything long term with someone who can’t put up with him. He’s a 5ft 8 child on a permanent sugar rush.”
Bobby is grumbling something about angels being dicks. Accurate. He grumbles about Dean being an idjit. Accurate, and a word Gabriel has taken quite a liking too. Then he grumbles about having nothing better to do than father the broken man. Accurate. Bobby's three for three so Gabriel decides to play a game called Hunter Recon. In the span of about a minute, he visits every hunter, or group, this side of the Atlantic to scrounge for words of the Moose. Nothing. Dammit. Though he did find out that Ash discovered his last little weekend away in Vegas; who could blame him for having some fun in a land of people who deserve their just desserts. Besides, he had an hour off.
"It's still good. Too bad he had to be born a hunter. He'd be a hell of a horror writer." The easy silence eased over them again. "He's going to Bobby's." It wasn't a question. They both knew by now that Dean couldn't be stopped on his little expedition down the lane of time, just delayed.
The handprint was warm under his palm, Dean's soul glowing even brighter with the touch. It was nearly blinding. The warmth filled Cas with every touch, it drew Cas in no matter where he was in the universe he could always feel Dean Winchester’s soul. Here, watching over Dean, was where Castiel felt at peace.
“Okay then, Castiel...Cas.” Dean stumbled on the unfamiliar name before settling on the shortened version. “Thank you.”
“I’ll fix that Cas. Charlie wants to have a Lord of the Rings marathon with the Gyno team; I’m sure she’d let you in.”
"Where the hell have you been. Start talking. Now." Bobby doesn't note the air of concern or sadness in Castiel's eyes. Just the anger in his heart. Cas pauses.
Oh god. The glimpse of tan skin that greeted Dean as he left was enough to make his whole body flush, and he had to splash cold water on his face just to focus on changing.
“Bored,” he shrugs, “There’s one who is convinced I am a figment of his imagination. It’s hilarious. Yesterday I spent the afternoon moving his bike to random locations. He had NO idea.” His laugh was so pure, joyful. Castiel often envied his brother for his youthfulness and free spirit. Since their separation from their family, all they had was each other; Castiel grew up fast from that moment, focusing on his career more than anything else--which resulted in the awkward and sheltered surgeon. Gabe on the other hand, he took the freedom to heart. His failed business ventures and string of exes and one-night stands left him looking at life as an endless game, he could do anything, and be anything. He had the time and felt that a purpose would find him. Someday.
Dean remains focused on the computer as the angel watches from through the window. He'd been following his hunter for weeks wondering when to approach him. After the Apocalypse, he had to leave; he had to get some space to figure out heaven, his new powers and what those powers brought. Seraphim have different rules, and as a rebel angel Cas was confused, lonely, and most of all he was missing his hunter.
“Are we celebrating Christmas?” His face is alight with excitement and he nearly jumps in the air at Dean’s vigorous nod. “Yes! Oh! Is that eggnog?” Dean offers him the glass and he happily drinks it down, not noticing the glare sent to Dean from Sam or the sheepish shrug he received in response.
The Roadhouse was a stand-up establishment run by a charming woman named Ellen. It was just outside the city limits, and not far from Castiel’s home. When Castiel first moved to Colorado he would often frequent it as an escape from the monotony of school and home. Over time it became his go to-and often only- hangout. Ellen was very open, and he never felt pressured around her. It was through his nights sat alone at the bar, chatting with Ellen or her daughter Jo, he made his first friend. Charlie. She had come in one night, soaked in rain and mascara running down her cheeks. Her fiance, a woman named Gilda, had just left her to travel the world, and Charlie’s occupation often did not allow for much time off. She sat right next to him at the bar, the only person to ever do so, and told him to buy her a drink. They spent the next three days in constant contact, Cas mostly for concern of her safety and Charlie because she liked the constancy of the shy, blue-eyed angel.
“Nope. It’s all fun now. Tell me about this Dean….” “Winchester.” “Yes… tell me about this human that’s swept you off your rocker.”
When they found Elieen, Dean couldn’t bear it. He watched from the distance as the pair embraced and uttered whispered words of love. He was happy of course, that Sam had her, that she could fill the void left by Jack, and C…, and by everyone else they lost. Dean let them have their happiness, and Sam deserved it. Jack had given Sam his peace and happiness; why not Dean?
Dean chuckles at his-no not his- the angel’s cluelessness as he hears Jack and Sam begin to stumble towards the main room.
“Making sure you don’t get cold.” He states evenly, much to his surprise. The eyes of his friend have been on him the whole day and Dean is losing his barrier quickly. “And before you can say why, because I can see you thinking,” He straightens the scarf and pats Cas on the shoulders “There. It’s because humans would get cold and you need to keep your throat warm.”
“No. Not fully at least. I mean Cas, Cas was a weird dude. I didn’t think he was capable of that kind of emotion, you know?"
He smiles at her before taking a bit of burger, “Yeah, if you want to learn that is.” He winks at Ben, who nods eagerly. “It’s settled then. I’ll open her up this weekend and we will give her a good, thorough check up.”
“Damnit Cas. How long do I have to keep praying to you before you answer me? Come on man. Just let me know you’re up there. Please?”
“You mister need to look the part. I know Angels have no feeling but today you're not an angel. You’re an excited human getting ready for Christmas with his family.” Dean immediately, internally, calls himself out for referring to Cas as family out loud, but hey. It's Christmas. He can afford to be a bit more relaxed with his emotions. He allows himself a moment to appreciate Cas as he appraises just what he should wear before deciding on full Christmas mode. It’s definitely not freezing in Kansas, but it will be at night, so he pulls out a hideous red christmas sweater that has been in his closet for way too long--it smells of mothballs and age--a pair of worn jeans, and a relatively puffy jacket and throws them at his friend.
I'm LOVING this story and how you enjoy it too! What's gonna happen now that Cas is catching feelings? Will he say something? Will Dean even be open to it? Ah so much still to come!
Cas turned real slow so everyone could get a good look at his new and improved cowperson getup. Worn blue jeans that hugged all the right places, a simple but classic western belt, tan leather chaps over his favourite boots, spurs attached of course. He finished the ensemble off a simple white t-shirt that clung satisfyingly to his surprisingly muscled torso--yes he liked to blow off steam by hitting things-- and a tan felt cowboy hat. He let his hair be slightly more natural, the curl showing just a bit over his eyes. He finished his spin to a wolf whistle from Garth.
“Yes.” Castiel also looked away not knowing how to continue the conversation. He liked Dean’s voice and search desperately to find something to engage him with. He looked out the window near the front of the bar.
“You were cool, dude. Lot’s of fun. Um. I gotta work today, but I could fill you in on my lunch if you want?” Dean’s eyes were unsure as he finally looked directly at Castiel for the first time that morning.
“Yes. I may have allowed myself too much fun for a Monday night it would appear.” Cas exaggerates a groan as he stands and heads into the kitchen. The breakfast Dean had prepared looks rather amazing, though simple, with eggs, bacon, hash browns, and juice waiting in his kitchen. For the first time Cas is able to take in his surroundings. The apartment is small, but not uncomfortable in appearance. The warm colours and exposed wood are rather beautiful, almost as if curated to give the atmosphere a worn-in and comfortable edge. Castiel notices that the combined kitchen and living room are devoid of pictures and mementoes, save a single frame by the TV and an old, wool knit blanket on the sofa Cas had just fallen off of.
“No,” Cas admits with a shake of his head, “I remember everything fine until the line dancing, then I remember Charlie passing out shots, and then it’s like I was hit by a truck. There’s nothing there.”
“Fine. Chevy will love having Fen as a roommate again. I think she misses him. I need to get a dog at some point. Oh. So I have my first procedure tomorrow. Nothing major, just a simple ultrasound to determine if I’ll need to place a shunt. I’m not sure I’m ready.” He ducks his head. Cas hates the shame he feels for his lack of confidence. He went from being one of the best in his field to useless overnight.
The motel room was dim, a faint humming emanating from a single light created the only barrier between Dean and pure silence. Another story done, another town checked off the list. After six months of travelling would he ever be used to it? The emptiness of the world contained within a single, damp, one-bed motel room. Dean didn’t know if it would get easier, but he knew it was right where he needed to be.
“Here ya go, one bacon cheeseburger.” Ellen plops perhaps the most delicious looking burger on the planet in front of Dean, who licks his lips and--finally in Cas’s opinion--smiles. “Anything else for you boys?” She wags her eyebrows at Cas who raises his beer and glances at Dean.
The table is quiet as they eat; Lisa makes as much small talk as she can, asking Ben about school and Dean about the job site he’s currently at, but not much is said and they finish their meal in comfortable silence. Dean’s mind is much louder than he is, it’s filled with thoughts of the life he lost.
“I like it very much; it’s...comfortable.” Castiel winces as he accidentally clinks his plate too loud against the counter.  “Thank you for breakfast. You didn't have too…”
“C-cas?” Dean couldn’t control his stutter after feeling the warm breath and wet lips of the angel on his skin for the first time.
“Remind me to give you a good ass-kicking the next time you come round.” There’s a smile in Bobby’s voice, “I just worry about you. It’s not like you’re great at this communication crap.”
The words that drove him out, finally. You have to be ready. Only Gabe would give him that kick in the ass.
Dean was broken, that was clear. Cas yearned to reach out to him. As Dean slept he covered him with his wings again. The man slept soundly, his jacket curled around him as he lay back across the seat. He shifted, a dream playing out across his face; the expressions Dean made, faces of fear and desperation, made it clear the dream was not pleasant. Cas was tempted to try and reach out, into Dean's conscious and soothe his sleep, and as he slid a hand towards Dean’s head to do just that, the man shifted again. The move forced the tight black sleeve of the shirt up to Dean’s shoulder, exposing the faded handprint from so long ago.
“I wish I could be as simple as you girl.” He scratched her chin before forcing himself to leave for the Roadhouse. He needed to get out.
After returning to Bobby's, he sadly perches on the older man's sofa and sucks on the lollypop he stole from a very snotty child two states over. It was raspberry flavoured. Gabriel was pleased.
The resounding cheer of the group drew some eyes, but no one cared as the four of them lifted the tree and trekked back through the grove towards the impala.
"I wish he wasn’t writing though. I know what comes when he is finished." Cas let the edge creep into his voice.
They both exit the Impala, Cas immediately lost in his thoughts again, and part ways at the elevator, Castiel’s office is up on floor 6, while Dean works on floor 2 and often chooses to use the stairs. There’s barely a parting word between them and Cas realises that he hopes the day will go by quickly, so he can see the midwife with the green eyes again.
Bobby's shotgun cocking pulls him out of his thoughts long enough to see Castiel hastily utter something before flying off. What is Cassie doing here? He shakes with excitement as his brother has finally made an appearance, meaning of course that something has changed. And change is F.U.N.
“Good now live your cowperson dreams sweethearts!” Happy with her decree, the redhead swings herself into a seated position and downs the remainder of her first glass of liquid courage.
Watching Dean panic gets harder every day. Dean is crumbling on his own and Cas needs to help him. He knocks on Bobby's door and is greeted with a shotgun pointed directly at his head.
“Ahh.” Dean seems satisfied, for now, with the simple answer. The pair descend into a comfortable silence as they finish their drive--Dean humming along to a melody in his head and Cas peacefully staring out the window. Castiel’s thoughts however were not on the city landscape passing by--they were searching his memory for any indication as to why he suddenly was finding himself in a ‘67 Chevy Impala, with a man he barely knows, driving into work with the comfort of being around a long time friend. He remembered nothing after line dance, Charlie had insisted on shots, it’s just black.
The next morning Bobby calls Dean; so that's what this was about. Gabriel quickly lost interest until later in the day when he heard Bobby grumble the simple expression "get laid already". Now that was something he agreed with despite not knowing the context in any way. Perhaps Bobby needed to get laid? Gabriel could do that. Then the man uttered "Idjits, the both of them". SO. This was about Cas and Dean. Maybe he needed to pay his little brother a visit.
“A bottle of Jack happened to me, and honestly I’m doing pretty well all things…*hiccup* considered. What’s up Bobby?”
“Come on Ben, dinner!” Lisa’s voice rings out from the kitchen as she lays plates onto the table. Her smile catches Dean’s eye as he sets a plate of burgers and hot dogs out fresh from the grill. “I swear that boy won’t stop playing with those cars you bought him for his birthday.”
“It’s not much I know,” Dean shuffles into the kitchen, dressed down in jeans and a flannel, chagrin in his voice. “It’s home though.”
Downward still the angel plummeted, down through the layers of hell not knowing what awaited him when he reached his goal.
Castiel opened the door to the bar and was met with the familiar smell of peanuts, beer, and musk. Every single person had on a cowboy hat and boots.
Ever since Lucifer went to hell, things had been, well, hell. Gabriel was on the run, but not really. He was on the run by staying in one place.
The responses from the bunker gang range from mildly curious and agreeable to the childish excitement emanating from Jack as he immediately leaves to get ready. It’s his first Christmas! Cas simply stands around, assuming he will wait for the humans and nephilim to ready themselves before they leave, but Dean changes that plan within a moment. The calloused hand of the elder Winchester grabs the angel by the sleeve and drags him through the bunker to his room before he could protest.
“Dean?” Sam’s hair made him about 4 inches taller with his bed head as the hunter blinks slowly as he takes in the music and a surprisingly relaxed and happy Dean. “What is all this?”
The rest of the night passes normally. After brushing his teeth and packing his bag, a cold beer is cracked open and Dean sits at the table next to the open journal. Another town awaits him with another story to tell. The leather cover slams shut disrupting a photo from the pages and sending it fluttering to the floor. Lisa’s brown eyes smile up at Dean as leans to pick it up, sinking into a memory as he does…
Maggie stepped into view next to the boy. "I don't like her," she croaked, staring down the woman who was entirely unaware of the cold source that had her skin crawling. Maggie stepped forward, a menacing grin forming on her ancient features. 'creaaak' 'creeeeeeaaaaak' The swings begin to move; oblivious the woman continues to load the car. 'crrreeeeeeeeakkkk' 'thump' The seesaw begins to thud up and down. The woman walks forward, towards the rhythmic thump, thump, thump before stilling it to silence. The roar of her car jolts her from a confused stupor, her keys still heavy in her pocket. The car roars again, this time into gear. It begins to roll, slowly and then the back tires spin and it careens towards the seesaw with a vengeance. Nowhere to run, no time to move the woman screams, her heart in her throat as she waits for her own car to run her over before the lights go out.
“It’s no problem, Cas. Now get in, we’re going shopping.” Squinting Cas ponders why they are going shopping before work only to hear Dean chuckle. “Man, you really don’t get out much do you?”
“Yeah, I guess you are.” Dean chuckle warms Cas’s heart as they begin their drive through the heart of the city. “Why’d you become a surgeon Cas?”
Dean blushes and plants another, more forceful kiss of Cas. He lets the years of waiting and wondering and longing fill the kiss. He doesn’t know what comes next, but he knows that he will be putting that scarf to good use when they get home.
The chains gave way as he slashed into Dean Winchester’s hell. There was a young girl stretched out across a rack, nails slowly piercing her skin from all directions. She didn’t scream or cry out, she was simply paralysed. When Castiel approached her face turned peaceful and she was vaporised within seconds. Only the man with black eyes and a scalpel was left. He stood, poised with anger, ready to attack the being towering over him. Castiel dimmed, his grace retracting from it’s battle formation and forming itself into the vessel of the angel. The towering creature condensed into a tax accountant, albeit a glowing tax accountant, with a hand outstretched to the man.
"And time heals all, but somehow I'm still broken/'Cause parts of me ain't ever gonna mend/There's an angel looking out for me/'Cause I ain't well/Though I try to be/I'm dancing all alone/'Cause I can hear you sing,/I need my angel/Like heaven needs another set of wings"
A chuckle erupts from behind him and he clutches his forehead. “Who?” Cas looks around only to meet the eyes of one Dean Winchester. Tall. Handsome. And holy hell is he topless? Castiel quickly averts his eyes before he gets caught staring, pretending the sun from the window is too bright, which it kind of is but in that moment he didn’t even notice.
“I let him die.” Dean chokes out a broken sob before completely collapsing into tears in Sam’s arms.
"Ah, down to business I see. I just wanted to know if there have been any updates on the Cage." Gabriel quieted at that, his eyes turning sad and hopeful as he teased the lolly with his tongue.
“I love you too Castiel. I didn’t get to say it before—couldn’t say it before. You’re my happiness too.” The pair are lost in each other, every word, every thought, every feeling that had been left unsaid now being spoken between them.
Castiel’s grace pierced through the veils of hell. White light conquered the hellish hues of red and green and black that engulfed each personal hell. Souls cowered from the grace and demons charged. The ones that were strong enough to withstand the angel were met with weapons slicing through space with a precision that only comes from centuries of wielding and fighting without thought given to the consequences.
“Yes, I woke up on his couch this morning--FULLY clothed--and he drove me to work.” Castiel’s normally still hands have never been busier, fussing with the pen he was meant to be writing appointment notes with.
“It’s nice.” Dean looked towards his hands, fiddling with the paper label on his beer. “Nice people.”
“It’s okay. Dean. I’ve got you.” The pair hug each other for was feels like hours, Dean breaking down then getting a hold of himself only to think of Cas again and cascade back into sobs until Eileen finds them.
"You've been here quite a while, sir. My shifts over so I need to cash you out." She looks at him hoping he'd pick up on her hint. Dean hands her a few bills and a simple "Keep the change" before readjusting to his surroundings. The afternoon has passed into evening and Dean realises he should probably be returning to the motel. Standing stiffly, he returns to his car and gets in, hoping he didn't imagine the flutter of wings that he thought accompanied the bell as he pushed open the swinging door. Nowadays he hears ghosts everywhere.
Cas doesn’t know where he is when he wakes up. The smells are unfamiliar and he is on a couch he doesn’t recognise. Then his head explodes. Well, not literally but he wishes it had--it would hurt less.
Castiel never was a dance, or naturally grateful. Years of coming to cowboy night had taught him a thing or two so he wasn’t as embarrassed being out with his friends any more. Dean eyes those around him to get the hang of the steps before flawlessly jumping in as the resounding clap echoes from the group. Cas is fascinated as he stumbles through the rather difficult routine--he will never admit exactly how many hours he’s spent in Charlie’s basement to become passable at dancing. Dean’s hips just immediately free themselves from the rest of his body it seems. They gyrate and swing with the rhythm as he slaps his thigh in time with the group. Others were joining in now, the infectious energy from the eight friends filling the place with gaiety and laughter. Cas catches Dean’s eyes. The two share a smile and Cas realises he is totally and completely screwed.
Upon his return Cas is fussing with the knit on the ‘Merry Christmas Ya Filthy Animal’ sweater absentmindedly. Seeing Cas wearing his jeans was not something Dean thought he needed to prepare for, but man he should have. The angel looks completely different without his trademark coat and messy tie.
The screen immediately lit up as viewers logged onto the blog to read the newest horror story. Dean slammed the screen shut before the comments started rolling in.
That was a fun one! The line dance the group do is the one from the Footloose movie, just in case you want to fantasise on how Dean's hips were moving.
“Hmmmm.” Cas frowns as he tries to remember the night and comes up completely blank. “I find I have no recollection of last night’s events. I hope I was not misbehaved.”
He swallows quickly, having already taken a massive bite of the burger as if its the first food he’d had in weeks. “Pfleashe,” he blushes.
“Oh yeah, I’ve travelled the country in the back of that car. She’s the only home I have ever known--”
“Watch it, I may still come hunt you down.” Dean rolls his eyes as he sinks into bed, the towel snagging on the bed and coming loose as he lies back.
The click of the call disconnecting happened before Dean could even process what Bobby had said. There was a sadness and a fear to his voice Dean hadn’t heard since--that hadn’t been there for over a year. Something must be really wrong for him to be so damn broken up.
“What now?” The crestfallen couple glance at Dean, who is in the process of tearing apart his bedroom.
“Mhh. Yes.” Cas smiles gently and sees Dean’s shoulders relax. Which, of course, only increases his smile.
“You don’t understand. Just go with it Cas. Have some fun and relax. Remember you’re supposed to be human today. Enjoy it.” Dean grins as he plops the wool hat on Cas’s head and leaves the room; he didn’t realise he’d made his first mistake.
“I don’t get it Chev. I don’t get the fixation on routine, on media, on others. It’s so foreign. Don’t humans know they are free to do whatever they want at any time?” The purr he got in response indicated Chevy cared little for the affairs of man, just for her chicken treats and blankets.
He wipes his mouth on a napkin before throwing it on his now empty plate, downs the last of his beer, and saunters towards the redheaded menace. As he walks away Cas can’t help raking his eyes down the man’s retreating form. He swallows, are those bow legs? Cas says a silent prayer to not ruin a new friendship as Charlie raises her eyebrows at the direction of his gaze. He glares at her and quickly joins the group before anything can be said. Boot Scootin’ Boogie begins blaring from the band and the bar fills with hoots and hollers as the group of friends gets the dance started.
“LOOK AT THOSE CHAPS BOYS.” Charlie hooted and hollered from her comfortable position of strewn across an old pool table. She winked at him with a tip of her 10-gallon hat.
“Cas.” Dean snaps his arms around the angel, blade falling to the floor. Cas lifts his arms and the too are lost in time. Dean lets everything he’s held in for so, so many years out into that hug. He holds Cas with the longing he’s denied himself for a decade. “I love you.”
“Oh.” The angel knew that his childhood was a touchy subject for Dean, but he also understood its importance. He knew to let Dean have this, and he liked seeing Dean so happy. Then he must carefully observe human practise and mimic this for Dean. He places the hat on his head with a satisfied hmpf.
“I try to cook when I can, but mostly my brother brings me lunch and I’m too tired when I get home to eat much more than a Healthy Choice.”
“Dean?” Lisa pulls him back to reality with concern in her eyes, “Weren’t you just saying you’d like to teach Ben about the truck?”
Castiel had been observing the other humans surrounding them as they all cut down their respective trees. He was not unaware of the significant amount of hand holding, cheek kissing, and hugs that were being shared among them. To translate this to their group he wraps his arms unceremoniously around the other three, pulling them into a surprise group hug. Jack grins and sinks into the pile.
“I think it needs to be stronger,” he squints at the text, “it says that the connection must be made through body and soul. So talk to him maybe?”
“Damnit”. Dean turns off the water and wraps a towel around his waist as he hurries to drag the damn phone out of his jacket.
Dean swallows and Castiel finds his eyes drawn to the stubble on his strong, chiselled jaw. He forces himself to look away before Dean notices. “Thanks Dr Allen.”
She wakes in her room, on her bed, a glass of water by her side. Upstairs Maggie has Grandma Rose locked on her. 'He stays with me' she sneers, knowing the woman is unable to fight her any longer. She's finally won."
Dean was giddy. For once they had a break, and at Christmas! He and Sam haven't had a proper Christmas without the threat of dying for years. It almost felt like a dream, the bunker had a glee to it as Dean poured his eggnog for that morning, just a splash from his flask to top it off. He made the rest of the bunker residents a glass too, with Sam’s containing perhaps more whiskey than entirely necessary. He put a record on and turned the volume to max; Jingle Bell Rock filling the bunker with cheer and stirring the other sleeping hunter from his slumber.
“You missed our phone call this week, ya idjit.” Bobby’s voice was a welcomed surprise as Dean silently counts days in his head. “You know I’ll hunt you down and kill you if you go silent on me, boy.”
“Pop culture is not my strength.” Internally kicking himself for not listening when Gabe tried telling him about Space Wars...no… Star Fight? He sighs. Cas longs to be able to match the man’s excitement for the world around him, to be able to grasp the emotions that cause those emeralds to sparkle and his face to crinkle.
“And I will remember the words that you said/Left a clouded mind and a heavy heart/But I am sure we could see a new start/So when your hopes on fire/But you know your desire/Don't hold a glass over the flame/Don't let your heart grow cold/I will call you by name/I will share your road”
“I know I have it here. I have to have it here.” A shirt is thrown blindly, landing on Eileen’s head with a mild whack. “Ah-Ha!” He pulls out a long silver blade from a forgotten duffel.
She smiles again, “There’s not much round here but if you go north over the bridge by the lake there’s a place called the Black Rabbit or The Boathouse up in Lakeville or you could go to When Pigs Fly over in Sharon. We don’t get too many visitors around here. Are you a hiker?”
"Trying to keep faith and picture his face/ Staring up at me/ Without losing a piece of me/ How do I get to heaven?/ Without changing a part of me/ How do I get to heaven?"
"Gabriel." Blue eyes narrow at the trickster, a half-finished lolly hanging from his lopsided grin. "What do you want."
“Ah.” Back to silence it seems. The pair remain in that contemplative silence until Dean pulls into the staff lot. “You got anything?”
He breaks the kiss as he feels something cold and wet on his face. He looks up and sees that it has started to snow. Looking back at his angel he feels a tear of joy slide down his cheek.
The bus ride home always gave Cas a chance to observe humans in a way where he could study how they behaved when they thought no one was looking. His current pupal was a young man sitting across the aisle and about halfway up the bus. His face was contorted with some emotion, Cas couldn’t tell what it was...confusion? Anger? Grief? He was unsure. The man was aggressively scrolling through his phone, pausing to hastily type every few minutes. It was his eyes that Castiel found himself focused on, they were almost as green as the mysterious nurse’s eyes he met earlier today--perhaps murkier. There was something in his eyes that almost made Castiel believe he was looking into his soul; Castiel often found that the eyes reflected the soul of a person, their colour, shape, and ability to emote beyond words spoke more to him than any lips could. Was this man on the run too? He had creases at the corners, were they from laughter or anger? Why was he so concerned, what captivated him so deeply? Try as he might, Cas never could understand the human ability to fixate, on anything really. He didn't understand the movement of focus and emotion; Gabe did, Gabe passed as human so easily it was a wonder they were even related sometimes. Castiel just couldn’t, he pondered this his whole shower and meal.
Cas stood at his side, towering in simmering anger. What he lacked in height, he made up for in strength.
“It’s iron,” Cas had rushed to explain. “So you can punch ghosts, because I know you love punching things—”
Yes, Jack likes art because a said sae an a think he would, idk. The chromasaurus is mine own, as is the red book. Ye this far in an no comment/kudos? Sounds like ye need a visit from the chromasaurus ;)
“Okay,” said Sam, “let’s go home.” He put the kit in the trunk while Dean got into the driver’s seat.
“Let’s take the job, and get back to helping people,” Dean said quietly, letting Sam go. “We owe it to them, at least.”
in messy Sharpie marker. Dean had forgotten that a) he had made that shirt in drunken celebration and b) Cas had borrowed pyjamas from him last night.
Sam got up and started down the hall without a word. Dean was grateful, but he knew that sooner or later his little brother was going to demand an explanation. He was no longer sure that Jack would say anything.
Sam wisely clambered into the backseat. Cas smiled, something that made Dean’s heart jump in a suspiciously happy way, and settled into the shotgun seat like he belonged there. Which, of course, he did. Dean smiled to himself and started the car.
“I’m afraid we’re getting a second opinion,” Cas interjected smoothly. “Please give us the necessary forms.”
“Kind of.” Dean stood up, holding out an arm to haul Jack to his feet. “What do you want to do today?”
Dean woke up to the sound of a muffled crash echoing down the hallway. Bolting upright, he snatched his gun and stumbled to the door, leaning against the frame.
Cas stood up, his coat sweeping over the bench. Dean watched the fabric press against a little square object in Cas’s pocket. His mixtape. Dean almost laughed.
Sometimes Cas will come with him, and they’ll spend too many minutes talking outside the room, stealing glances at Sam when they think he can’t see. Sometimes Sam will hug Dean, and press a hand to his neck or chest or wrist to make certain that he’s real. Sometimes Dean will let Sam stay curled up on the bed with his head on Dean’s shoulder, just breathing, just staying alive.
Dean sat down across from him, winking at Sam. “The chromasaurus is coming along nice,” he directed at Jack.
Rowena’s purple eyes glowed with vitality. “Call me again sometime, dears. A witch gets lonely.” With that, she swept out of the auto shop.
This wis supposit tae be a fuckin one-shot but here we are because a canae let things rest, juist like Hallucifer wonae let Sam rest. Poor cunt needs sleep. Also, this chapter coud be ‘Wincest’ gin ye squint, but thon's heavy gross tae me sae a juist triit tae write their codependent bond like we see i canon.
Sam thinks back on his day. It all blurs, like a mass of Jell-o has taken root in his skull in lieu of a functioning brain.
Oh my God this was supposit tae be like four chapters why am still writin thisssssssss—actually a know why. Get ready for Destiel fluff. Also, a know that Cas technically doesn’t need to sleep, but let me have this. Being dead is probably tiresome, alright? Or maybe not, LOL.
Too late, Dean realised the trap he’d walked straight into. He scoffed. “Leave it alone, dude. Just let Jack have some
Dean had cut him off with a kiss. It was the first time they had ever been that close, and Dean couldn’t figure out why he’d waited so long. Cas had happily returned it, and thus a new step in their relationship was born. Dean was pretty glad that Cas had learned much from the pizza man all those years ago.
Sam stood on his unfairly long legs and disappeared into the kitchen. Dean sighed, carefully cradling Jack in his arms. The Nephilim was panting, coughs subsiding to stilted breaths. His eyes faded back to their usual colour, and the raw power under his skin receded into nothingness again.
Dean bolts over to where Cas is already stirring, eyelids fluttering as he hoists himself to sitting. Sam watches Dean slip a gentle arm round the angel’s shoulders, other hand subtly taking his pulse against his wrist.
Even now, as Dean told the teenager that she might take the battered car to the park and pretend she’d got a ride home with her mate, he remembered that last hunt. Only seven months ago, his last straw had snapped. It left him with too much to think about. Even though Dean had been through Hell,
The brothers look up. The vampire huddles in the chair, eyes darting around to phantoms unseen by anyone else.
Setting the plate aside, Sam runs a careful hand over his palm. The stitches are bumpy and sore, and the dried blood is kind of gross, but it’s real. “I’m good,” he says. “I—I need time, but I’m good.”
The brothers looked at each other, mentally agreeing to set the conversation aside. They leapt up and darted down the hallway. Dean rounded the corner to see Jack on the floor, blindly grabbing at bookshelves. The kid’s eyes glowed a fiery orange, and when he opened his mouth to cry out, Dean could see the faintest glow emitting from his throat.
“Cas I-.” Dean doesn’t know where to begin. His heart is pounding and he has to know. The fear in his head disappears as he makes his decision. He slowly turns Cas’s face towards his, taking a moment to search the pure, unfiltered, pristine blue eyes with everything showing on his face before slowly, carefully leaning in.
“Morning sunshine.” Dean’s voice was low and grating, but Castiel found he didn’t mind the headache it caused as much. “Coffee, water, and Advil's on the table. Breakfast in the kitchen if you want it.” Dean’s voice was all Cas could focus in as he grappled with gravity, trying to right himself. He hadn’t had a hangover in a very, very, very, long time and the feeling reminded him why he didn’t allow himself to imbibe in human inhibitions often. He finally managed to grab the water and pills on the table as Dean retreated to the bedroom.
“Can I get you anything else?” Her eyes are so blue for a second Dean hopes they came attached to someone else.
“Antiques fascinate people, when they should scare the hell out of them. The things attached to objects that pass through times haunt the living. The dress on the wall, the urn on the porch, the dolls you hang on to from your grandmother. There are things lurking beneath the vale, stories you don’t want to hear about, legends in the night.”
Dean has asked him a question and Castiel wants to be absolutely clear about this, no room for misinterpretation or argument. He knows that Dean is sometimes uncomfortable with a particular level of sincerity, but he needs to
“Looked so good,” Dean continues, cutting off with a gasp when Cas’s teeth graze a particularly sensitive spot on his neck. He still thinks about Cas at that bar, unbearably sexy and self-assured, staring at Dean the way that guys did sometimes, but it was different because it was
“Do you want to get on your knees for me?” Cas asks with a hint of a smirk, moving his hand to the back of Dean’s neck so he can answer.
Dean stays behind to clean up, stacking up plates and glasses, piling them into the sink for tomorrow. It’s
They zig-zag their way out to the east coast, and it’s a much more leisurely trip than Castiel’s grown accustomed to. They spend far more time exploring tourist destinations or seeking out hidden gems of American culture far off the beaten path – places they’d only ever discover in pursuit of a hostile abomination or restless spirit, never for their own enjoyment.
“Yeah,” Dean says inanely, and they could just leave it there, but— “I mean it’s. You know, a thing. That people do.” Dean’s all too aware of that, has thought about it on numerous occasions, needing to stop himself before his mind wanders too far, unsure of what it would really be like if he and Cas got a little less vanilla. Experimental. The whole
“It was my mistake for assuming I had upset you,” Cas allows, “But how was I supposed to know otherwise?”
wants it, instead of entertaining Rhonda’s whims. “…In a good way, though,” he adds, reminding himself that the thudding of his heart, the tension settling in his belly, are only part of what makes this so rewarding in the end.
They’ve been doing just fine, as far as he’s concerned, managing by conning their way into some cash whenever the need or the mood strikes. Cas might technically be a third mouth to feed but he’s got a hell of a knack for hustling bar patrons out of a few bucks, so he’s been more than pulling his weight.
is into it too, that’s an entirely different story. Dean tips his chin up in invitation, offering up a bit of unblemished skin for Cas’s mouth, but Cas doesn’t take advantage of it the way Dean had hoped. He just traces Dean’s pulse point with the tip of one finger, watching Dean with hooded eyes and letting him
“You’re not gonna, Cas,” Dean says immediately, resisting the temptation to roll his eyes. Cas knows his limits well and listens readily to whatever concerns Dean might have; Dean’s not exactly worried about being hurt or pushed too far. Cas is so attentive, so concerned about his comfort and enjoyment. Dean wouldn’t exactly be asking for this if he weren’t. “Besides,” he adds after a beat, going out on a limb, “You know a little bit is okay,” he mumbles, feeling the blush spread across his face. It’s not that Dean thrives on pain, exactly, as much as the idea of things getting to that point. Dean doesn’t mind being driven to the threshold of too much and just barely crossing it – the feeling of Cas’s teeth on his neck, fingers tugging on his hair, the burn and stretch when Cas pushes inside him. He’s asking for more of exactly that.
Cas takes his other hand, gaze so open and adoring that Dean swears he could drown in it. “This is a promise, Dean,” he says, low and intimate. “To never leave you. To love you as long as you’ll have me.”
it’s fucked up instantly disappear. Now that his guard is a bit lower he’s catching up on the conversation so far, realizing that he was so sure this whole fiasco was his fault but he was totally
he does, but Cas has always had that intensity that simultaneously seems impossible to misinterpret and hopelessly cryptic. Dean doesn’t know how deep Cas’s feelings might run, if he’s as far gone as Dean is. Cas feels things differently, in a way. Dean probably does too.
“Thank you for arriving so promptly,” Cas says after a few tense moments. “You’re always so reliable.”
for Dean’s human eyes to behold it all at once, but he certainly tries, his enraptured gaze darting from the thrashing animal heads to the fluttering wings.
“Well, if that’s something you want to do,” Cas says carefully. He didn’t seem completely skeptical before, just a bit unsure as he figured things out, but the hesitation in his eyes is fading rapidly, replaced by dawning curiosity, an unmistakable spark of intrigue that Dean is
. Castiel is starting to understand how Dean could wear them with pride, how they were earned through an act of passion, not violence or hatred – the fact that Castiel could have truly hurt him, and easily too, but used his strength to give pleasure instead. They’re a reminder of what they’ve done, where Castiel has
inside him, stretching him wide, filling him up so thoroughly. They’ve never done that, never even talked about it, but of course Cas doesn’t miss Dean’s reaction. Cas’s expression turns calculating – Dean can sense his intrigue – but he lets it be for now.
isn’t afraid to show it, something bigger than a heated glance or suggestive smile, much harder for Cas to ignore without making his own feelings on the matter inescapably clear. And it’ll be so fucking good, well worth the waiting and the false starts. Dean will get exactly what he’s been wanting. He just needs a little luck.
Before Dean can interrogate him further, he’s distracted by a brown and white rabbit scurrying across their path. “Who’s that guy?”
again, and Dean’s never been that crazy about PDA to begin with but the novelty of it here is thrilling, and his inhibitions are low enough for him to actually enjoy it. Besides, who knows when he’ll even have the chance to do it again?
Dean’s stunned into a laugh – what can he say, it’s amusing that Cas, a former warrior of God, can be so petty and vindictive sometimes. And in Dean’s totally unbiased opinion, if having his food thrown away is the worst thing that happens to that jerk today, Dean doesn’t feel too sorry for him. “Sure, buddy,” he says voice still tinged with mirth as he claps a hand on Cas’s shoulder, wonders what the hell he’d do without him. “Knock yourself out.”
He takes another sip of water, closing his eyes and trying to compose himself, and when he opens them, Cas has appeared in the doorway.
“That’s it, Dean,” Cas says, encouraging Dean’s movements with a confident touch, cock hard against Dean’s thigh. “Take what you need.”
Cas carefully cleans them up, does what he can to salvage the window before giving up so they can help each other look presentable. Cas is usually the disheveled one but Dean’s a
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replies as he pulls out a chair close to Dean and sits, a fond, slightly lopsided smile on his face that stirs up something warm in Dean’s chest.
Dean agrees vaguely, leg jostling on the barstool, trying to glance around and take it all in without staring. It’s like Charlie said, it’s just a regular bar, it’s just… Dean doesn’t have to worry here. It’s a fear he’s carried around for so long that its absence hasn’t totally sunk in yet. There’s a couple of women cozied up in a booth nearby, two guys resting their interlaced hands on the countertop. It still doesn’t totally feel real; he can be here with his—…with
“Maybe we should head back,” Dean suggests. He’s mostly content to stay pinned underneath Cas like this, but he wouldn’t mind doing it somewhere more comfortable.
Cas doesn’t question or argue, simply acquiesces with an indulgent hum, thrusting lazily, teasing Dean’s cock with a feather-light touch, fingertips grazing the oversensitive head. “Do you think anyone’s noticed us?” he asks, calm but curious. After a beat he leans in closer, lowers his voice. “Would you like that?”
Cas is silent beside him. Dean’s never sure if this is the kinda shit that Cas picks up on. Cas is sharp as hell with most things, but the subtle quirks of human interaction can fly below his radar sometimes, the nasty social nuances that can really do a number on you – the ones that you learn to look out for with a masochistic hypervigilance bordering on paranoia, even though you’d be happier tuning them out, not sure if you’re protecting or torturing yourself.
“Yeah,” Dean soldiers on, “And, um. Well she—like. It wasn’t just that, we um—after I… put ‘em on, she…” Maybe this is harder than he thought it would be. “Listen,” he says, changing tack. “You remember the, uh… the
“Hey,” she says as he walks over to the fridge for some eggs and milk. “Did I ever tell you about the time a girlfriend took me to her cousin’s wedding and it ended up a full-blown riot?” she asks. “Not because she brought me – it wasn’t my fault. Well, no, it was my fault a little bit,” she concedes. “I’m still not super welcome in that part of Pennsylvania. But I’m jumping ahead.”
Again Dean hesitates, and Castiel can see an internal struggle that he recognizes. Dean’s trying to figure out how much he’s willing to say and how he wants to say it. He feels more comfortable, sometimes, if he leaves room for Castiel to infer instead of voicing things more directly in a way he can’t take back. Normally, Castiel’s happy to meet him halfway – more than halfway, if he can – but Castiel’s not about to guess here. This feels precarious; he needs more from Dean.
After the first movie they take a break for popcorn, made on the stove, and by the time the second one ends, it’s already well into the evening.
The waitress – Nancy, according to her nametag – gives them a wink and a genuine smile in response, and saunters away without another word. When she brings them the bill, she throws in two slices of pie, on the house.
Something’s gotta be fucking with him. He doesn’t know what it is – some hoodoo, witchcraft, some nasty monster they’ve never even heard of – he doesn’t fucking know, okay, but that’s gotta be the explanation. Gotta be, definitely.
Dean stifles a vehement protest over Cas stopping and makes an incomprehensible noise of agreement instead – yeah,
Cas hitches him higher, pulls him closer so he can circle his tongue around each of Dean’s nipples in turn, taking them into his mouth and biting down until Dean cries out, pitching forward and bracing himself against the backrest. Dean leans in for more kisses, Cas’s arms wrapping around him more securely, holding him in place as he languidly pushes his cock inside, steals the breath from Dean’s lungs.
Dean locks eyes with him, and the urgency in his gaze burns Castiel up from the inside. “Keep—” Dean starts, cutting off with a choked gasp when Castiel angles his hand just so. “Keep going,” he insists, reaching down to take himself in hand. “Please,” he adds, almost inaudible, but Castiel is too tuned into him right now to miss a single detail.
, bring it on, but with this… right now he just wants to take his keys and get the hell out of here – or find somewhere else to stay. Cas snatches the keys and the silence lingers as they trudge out of the office.
Right, saving the mojo for emergencies. Looks like an emergency came up. Cas would’ve been a lot worse off if he’d spent energy patching up minor lacerations, no doubt, though the thought of that makes Dean’s stomach turn.
, but they don’t have much time for this right now either. Hell, they’re probably already late to meet Sam at the sheriff’s station.
And he’s willing to bet that Cas could have some fun with it too, if he lets himself, because he knows he’s not the only one who had a shockingly amazing time in that filthy bar bathroom, but apparently Cas has gone ahead and convinced himself that he shouldn’t have. Dean can’t help but want him to get over it, because the idea of Cas getting a little…
as Dean usually knows it. Flirting, sex, all of that, he does okay, knows the tricks and the nuances. But something real, with actual feelings involved? Not exactly his wheelhouse.
Dean knows his jealousy is mildly ridiculous to begin with, but seeing Cas’s utter lack of interest is still a relief.
Dean grins, playfully bumping his shoulder against Cas’s. “Knew you were holding out on me.” He veers off course to get a closer look. “Are they poisonous?” he asks, not sure if he’s intrigued or nervous about the idea. “They look poisonous.”
paralyzed with shame and almost sick to his stomach at the very idea of it. But the superficial thrill, the fleeting spark of bravado, was at least enough to get him through the door – because despite the doubt, despite the insistent voice in the back of his mind that told him this kind of stuff was wrong, he was always too desperate, too curious to walk away.
that, isn’t shy about expressing these things, he’s not sure he’s ever heard him say it quite like that, the tension getting to him, that raw edge of desire in his voice.
Dean’s cheeks are pink, and he looks terribly pleased with himself, maybe even more satisfied than he did after his own orgasm – or perhaps just fully satisfied at last. Castiel thinks about that a lot, that it’s not just the act itself that Dean loves, but also giving Castiel pleasure with such dedication. Castiel appreciates the attention, that Dean is so invested in making him feel good, because the sentiment is very much mutual.
he’s getting until Cas shushes him softly, as if Cas doesn’t sound louder and louder in Dean’s ear with each twitch of his hips, his hand sliding up further to cradle his jaw.
Dean can admit that may require some self-examination on his part. What does it say about him, that sometimes the playfulness isn’t enough, that he truly thrives when Cas’s jealousy comes from a dark, genuine place?
For a moment, Cas hesitates. “I—shouldn’t we—?” he starts, suddenly sounding way too coherent for Dean’s tastes.
, this is actually happening and Dean nearly shouts in surprise and pleasure when he starts to come, just from Cas’s dick inside him, goddamn. He dissolves into a pitiful moan when Cas finally takes hold of his cock and coaxes him through it, sensation spiking until it’s almost too much, streaking his own stomach and staining Cas’s shirt cuffs.
Dean squirms under Castiel’s intense gaze and fixates on the television screen instead. “Dude, you’re watching without me?”
“I suppose I may have overreacted,” Cas says eventually, not playing along with Dean’s teasing. “I let my emotions get the better of me.”
“Let me,” Castiel gently insists, urging Dean’s hand aside and replacing it with his own. As compelling a sight Dean makes, Castiel’s not content to just watch this time, covetous of Dean’s pleasure. He wants to be solely responsible for coaxing Dean over that edge.
“Hmm,” Cas replies, and Dean can tell that he’s taken the bait. “I think you can,” he muses, determination evident in the way he caps off his words with a single loud smack.
Cas smiles a little, still seeming unbothered by Dean’s lack of eloquence. “It’s convenient having a gym in the basement, isn’t it?”
And even if Cas is pining for something more with Dean too, he might not know that that’s really an option. Dean’s kinda to blame for that. He hasn’t exactly been an open book with Cas – that’s by design, of course, but man, has that come back to bite him in the ass now – and it’s unfair to expect him to see through the posturing, the gruff dismissals and the sarcastic remarks. Because as often as he gets caught staring and thinks
Eliminating all distraction used to be necessary when his focus was trained on something as all-consuming as carrying out heaven’s mission. He couldn’t afford to occupy his mind or time with frivolous maintenance or simple pleasures. But his duties nowadays are far less demanding, and he finds himself with more and more idle moments to fill as the weeks go on. There was something appealing about falling into a routine to break up the monotony and create a sense of structure – still adhering to a regimen but one that he chose and one in which he actually finds enjoyment and comfort. A sense of peace he hadn’t known he needed or was missing out on.
Maybe he’s uncertain that this is the best course of action. Maybe he still has some nagging doubts about his own lack of restraint and what could happen if he lets it slip too far. But if this is a game Dean wants to play, if he’s trying to give Castiel unequivocal permission, even
“They’ll be expecting you at the award ceremony,” Dean says as Cas leaves a gentle kiss on his cheek.
—” crying out, nearly frantic when Cas complies. Dean’s not usually this vocal, used to hiding or playing it cool about how into this he is. But that’s what got them into trouble in the first place – maybe Dean could stand to let go a little too.
Sam smiles as best he can and his brother smiles back. Cas and Dean leave, stopping briefly outside in the hall to talk to a doctor. Faintly, Sam hears Dean say, “The bandage on his hand needs changing.” The doctor nods and says something else, and the angel and Dean move out of Sam’s sight. The doctor comes in with a roll of gauze and some tape.
“I fought off a couple of its cronies,” Sam said, still too breathless for Dean’s liking. “A few of those smoke creatures, wispies or whatever.”
Sam gave a tentative smile back and started down the hall in the other direction towards the library. Dean watched him leave, then headed down to the Dean Cave, where Jack was nervously flitting around the television, trying to understand which buttons to press.
Cas and Sam exchanged a look, one that seemed to say a lot that Dean wasn’t privy to. Jack kept his head down.
Star Memorial Hospital, like everything else in the town, was small and drab. That was exactly what Dean loved about it; nothing begged for attention, and wild beauty was found only in the dawn and sunset. And Cas, of course—but he was thinking about the hospital. The hospital was baby blue, tiny white flowers adorning the wallpaper. There were six stay-in rooms and every one was empty. A lone surgery room, one check-up clinic, and a hallway with a sad x-ray machine completed the entire place; the staff milled about, overqualified and underwhelmed.
Dean could feel all his emotions begin to bubble up from deep in his stomach, something that he feared as much as he welcomed. Memories started to flash through his mind; meeting Cas after he’d gripped him tight and raised him from perdition, that whole thing with Uriel and Anna, then April—then when he was Emmanuel—his obsession with
Reluctantly, the doctor retrieved the forms and issued “the Smiths” an oxygen tank and mask to go. “This is against doctor’s recommendation,” she warned them.
Lucifer bellows his discontent from the corner, but Sam just screws his eyes shut and clutches his head.
on another note, ma fuckin dug Brent bit me, whit a tragedy, feelin much betrayed by the pup. have ye got a pet an daes it hate ye like mine hates me?
Dean and Cas are quick to restrain him, holding him up and his hands behind his back. Sam doesn’t fight. He feels exhausted, but victorious.
The wisp, thoughtfully, began to shrink itself into the glass jar, but before it could be secured, it dissipated to nothing. Rowena whirled around with a scream of rage. Dean and the others pivoted to see the green-eyed demon emanating furious smoke.
The elder brother snorted. “Always. Perfectly fantastic.” Focusing on the beer bottle, Dean tried to ignore Sam’s puppy-dog eyes.
Then, without warning, everything stopped still. The light pulsated gently inside the church, the static buzzing receding to a soft hum. Dean lifted his head. Sam was already on his knees, peeking into a window.
Cas’s grace withdraws with the scoop of Sam’s mind, phasing through the front of his brain. The sensation is that of someone pushing hard spaghetti through a strainer. A strangled exhale leaves Sam. He opens his eyes, but blue and black and red and white and beige swirl before his eyes in a nauseatingly intoxicating spiral. He tilts forward, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. Maybe the colours will go away.
His life, thus far, had been colourful. Cas, as always, was a Montana-sky blue. Sam was the calm ochre of the earth. John had been dark wine, like a raging tempest—contrasted by Mary, who was the brief golden wheat of summer. Bobby had been amber, whiskey and old books, and Jo and Ellen and Ash were a bright orange snapdragon in winter.
“To the woods,” Dean said. He looked down, then up again. From his duffle bag, a shovel glinted in the evening lights of the Bunker.
Dean and Sam looked at each other, then to the hallway. Catching on, Cas disappeared down the hallway to Jack’s room. The brothers ran after him.
He’d been apologising a lot recently. Dean didn’t know why. But he pushed it down, like he pushed everything down, and resolved to bring it up later. “So, come on, hit me with it. What’s our first step?”
A few minutes later, there was a sharp knock on the door. Cas opened it and let in Dean’s biggest fear and greatest saviour.
“Welcome to the Bunker, kid.” Dean helped Jack down the stairs. “Are you hungry? You should eat. I can make you eggs, hamburger, even salad; anything you want.” They went into the kitchen, where Dean pointed at the food left on the counter.
The medical team wheeled Sam into the hospital, darting through the hallway to one of the stay-in rooms. They normally used this room as a recieving room, or they would, if they had any cases beyond the occasional heatstroke or sprained ankle.
“He had a tough day yesterday,” Dean said. “Let him sleep as long as he wants.” If it were up to Dean, he would put this new Jack in a glass box and never let him out again. The awful choking noises he’d made when Cas’s grace was climbing out of the Empty were too freshly ingrained in Dean’s memory.
“In ours, you’re dead too,” Dean said, setting the kit onto the roof of the car. “Look, I get it, it’s a brain melt, but here you are, alive, and here we are, alive. Your world is gone, so you can stay with us in this one if you want to.” Dean felt like he wanted to be anywhere but here. His joints ached from slamming on the church floor, and he could still see the bodies of the missing people painted on the back of his eyelids.
“Just make it as smooth as you can,” Dean said, and used Cas’s shoulder to help him off the floor. His toolbelt clanked. “I’ll start on these break lines, and we can get it all done before dinner.”
When they had gotten Sam situated on the sofa, water on the table and tank on the floor, Dean tugged Cas into the kitchen. “I’m not sure about this.”
“Hey, hey, hey!” Dean grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “It’s not him, alright? It’s not him.” He kept his eyes on the road, feeling Sam exhale under his palm. “It’s a damn case, we don’t know
“I guess,” Sam said, setting aside the oxygen mask. “What do you think ganks ‘em? There’s nothing in the lore.”
Jack twisted the pencil in his hands. “I…” He took a breath. “I would like one of your omelettes, please.” He went back to drawing.
Dean watched for a moment, noting how Cas’s brow furrowed when he was working hard. Nowadays, ever since the disappearance of his powers, he had developed a love-hate relationship with being half-human. He seemed to enjoy food, as well as manual labour, but Dean could tell he was itching for his full abilities to return. It would be soon; they were both sure of it.
Cas stood, shucked off his coat, and swapped his clothes with pyjamas. Dean curled up under the duvet, feeling like a five-year-old and yet too old to care. Cas crawled under the covers with him. Dean was comfortable with the seraph’s presence; after all these tremulous years, they had reached a domestic bliss. The past seven months had been so peaceful that Dean had nearly forgotten the constant heightened awareness that the hunting life provided. That adrenaline returned with a rush, familiar in its jolt. Dean breathed harder to steady his heart.
Cas puts a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder, and pushes open the door. The vamp is tied up on a chair in the center of the room, chains wrapped around and around and eventually leading to a ring cemented in the floor. Blood coats the vampire’s sharp teeth.
A knock on the window makes Sam twitch. It only occurs to him to turn around and look when Lucifer points a finger behind him, eyes beady and shiny.
“That is awesome,” Dean said, ruffling Jack’s hair. “I bet Sam can help you find a magnet, we can hang it on the fridge.”
Sam folded forward over his knees, coughing. His face was an alarming shade of red, unhelped by the dark blood streaking through his eyebrow.
This was immensely difficult. Dean crumpled up the paper and took out a fresh sheet, nice and crisp against the dark wood of his desk.
Sam took a moment to suck in a breath before answering, which did nothing to alleviate Dean’s stress. “It’s back,” he panted. “The green-eyed demon.”
The demon swooped down to human size, an inch away. Its vile eyes bored into Dean’s. This was what he had hoped for. But he had to keep it talking.
Sam refuses to look at Lucifer at the table. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see the Devil attempting a handstand against the wall.
Dean woke up suddenly to his whispered name and the feeling of someone shaking his shoulder. His fingers scrambled for a gun before he blinked and realised he was in the Dean Cave. Star Wars played on the television in front of him. “What?” he answered.
Dean allowed the doctor to wheel Sam away, down to the bowels of the drabby hospital where everything was murky and dim. He tried to quash any thoughts of the doctor being anything anything but human. Cas sat with him on a hard plastic bench in front of the surgery room, in which Sam lay under the x-ray machine. It was interesting how the tiny hospital repurposed what little space they had.
Dean rolled his eyes to the sky and got into the driver’s seat, reversing out of the church driveway and turning onto the road home.
Jack was trembling quietly in his arms. Dean maneuvered himself so that Jack was leaning against him, rocking gently back and forth in a movement he hoped was comforting.
Dean sighed and knelt by the crumpled car. It was a Honda Civic, several years old, dented and scratched and puckered from what might have been one or ten little accidents.
Jack toyed with the hem of the blanket. “If you think he’s good, I trust you.” Meeting Dean’s eyes, Jack repeated, “I trust you.” Then he turned back to the television, pressing the play button.
Dean raised an eyebrow, but returned to poking the burger. “Want me to make you some of that rabbit food? I could even get kale from the store.”
“You don’t know that it will!” Cas shouted. Then, minding Sam downstairs, he moved over to Dean’s bed. “Look,” he said quietly, “that demon wants to rule the timeline. We have no way of knowing what will happen even if it does…consume you. What if it kills the rest of the town after you? What if it was lying in the first place?”
Dean watched for a while, leaning against the counter. He thought about the previous nights’ conversation. Would he tell Sam, or wait for Jack to explain? Sam would tell him to wait for Jack to feel comfortable, wouldn’t he? Dean sighed. He’d wait. He didn’t want to mess up with Jack, not again. Well, with
Sam nodded. “Okay,” he said, hurriedly wiping his eyes. “Okay, I’ll—I’ll get ready to go, we can leave in ten.” He picked up the dictionary on the way out of the kitchen.
“I lived there,” affirmed Jack. “With Sam and Dean.” He looked down, then got up and left the room silently.
“Okay, thanks. Yep, bye.” Sam hung up the phone. “So get this; fourteen disappearances in three days. No sulphur, blood, monsters—it’s like they just dissolved into thin air.”
“Thirty for your whole crew,” he told Dean, who grumbled and paid in cash. “Thanks. Have a groovy time.”
“He is not suffering from anything the doctors can fix,” Cas stated. “I can feel the wisps’ presence lingering here. This is a slow corruption of Sam’s health; the poison of the wisps’ very existence in this body.”
When the doctor had wheeled Sam back to his room, and shuffled all the papers behind her desk at least a dozen times, she called Dean and Cas over to talk.
“No, thank you.” Jack kept his eyes on his drawing, laser-focused. The armadillo had grown what looked like beaver teeth.
On days like those, the doctors watch Sam and Dean sit on the bed in silence. Dean pretends to be annoyed and Sam pretends to be okay.
Life in the Bunker included things Dean never thought he could have. Now, Dean woke up to Cas’s messy hair and a comforting arm around his waist, anchoring him to the blessed present. He made hamburgers and salad (blech) for his family and pinned Jack’s drawings to the refrigerator.
“Sure thing,” Dean said. He allowed Jack a few minutes to get calmer, and once he was breathing normally, Dean stood up. “Shall we?” He held out a hand.
More hands grab Sam around the armpits and he realises that Cas is there, with his beige overcoat fluttering in the midnight breeze. Down below in the ward, the door slams open. Cas and Dean hurriedly tug Sam’s feet through the window and jump up, pulling him along so that he’s barely touching the ground as they jog around the back of the hospital. The Impala shines, bright and black and sleek, awaiting its three inhabitants. Dean yanks open the door, and he and Cas gently lay Sam in the backseat.
Cas looked between the closet and Dean for a moment, then smiled in a way that Dean was not prepared for. “Thank you,” the angel said warmly.
Dean had never met anyone as acid as the green-eyed demon. In his eyes, he himself was forever tinted a murderous crimson, marked by his sins and drenched in the blood of those he couldn’t save.
“Great job,” Dean said, sitting up and gesturing at the Honda. “I think that’s enough hammering, though.”
Dean whirled around. “Why are you bringing this up now?” he hissed. “Dad’s gone, Mom’s gone, Cas is gone, and we have an alternate version of Jack. Let’s just focus on him, okay?”
They eat cold pizza for dinner and watch every Harry Potter movie, and even though Dean grumbles throughout each one Sam can tell he enjoys it. Cas wraps Dean in a red blanket when he falls asleep and keeps himself pressed against him for the rest of the fourth movie, and Sam pretends not to notice.
The Lebanon Modern Art Museum opened into a twenty-foot archway, interwoven with sparkling gold streamers and white balloons. A giant banner hung from the ceiling, welcoming all to enter and talk with the artists about their art. On the opposite wall, the first exhibit displayed stunningly realistic watercolour paintings of oranges, apples, strawberries, and watermelon.
“Talk to…get a list of the missing, talk to their friends. Maybe the head of the police?” Sam combed his finger through his hair. “There’s too many. The mayor, then? The—”
“God, I don’t want this to happen,” Dean whispered. He breathed against the tightening of his chest.
The three of them clambered out of the Impala and headed up an expansive marble staircase, to the front door of the museum where a tall hippie-looking guy was taking entry fees.
White sheets, white trays, white clothes, white shoes. Beige walls, beige ceiling, beige floor, beige bed rails. Sam feels white and beige, white and beige.
Now that Jack was standing in the bright moonlight, Dean could see that he looked exhausted. He looked taller, too. The familiar flop of his hair was just slightly blonder than Dean remembered.
Also, Jack puts emphasis on how to pronounce ‘nephilim’—thon’s how you fuckin pronounce it; it’s a hebrew word so use the hebrew intonation/inflection/pronounciation/whateverthefuck. Also laddies, av only seen the ane Star Wars movie sae forgive me dearly ♡
The hunters packed their bags, changed out of their FBI suits into their comfortable flannel, and drove over the hill. As they came upon the crest of the hill, a building stood out against the road. It was painted a milky white, crumbling at the edges; scattered boards leaned haphazardly sideways against the walls. A large cross adorned the haint blue door, a vividly bleeding effigy of Christ effectively describing the purpose of the building.
He dropped a light kiss on Jack’s forehead. They sat there, healing, and around them the Bunker was quiet.
“Looks good,” he said, immediately regretting saying it out loud. Had he really just spent the whole night in the same bed as Castiel?
Dean retreated. He didn’t want to push the Nephilim—he remembered what had happened with the first Jack when he went too far.
Sam shakes his head, trying to think of another song. The moonlight shines through the window, cold and blue in the night.
“It sounds like a rejected world,” Cas said. “One that no longer satisfies Chuck. Perhaps the shadow monsters were doing good by doing bad.”
The wondering had kept him up at night, which had made him dangerously sleep-deprived, which had made him dangerously slow on hunts. Sam had suggested a vacation, and Dean took it to heart. He hadn’t realized, at the time, exactly how much of a vacation he’d need. Nor had he considered that Sam wouldn’t be joining him.
Castiel tilts his head more, his own hands turning into fists at the thought of Dean even thinking like this. “Dean, I… I don’t understand.” Castiel asks, putting his hand again on Dean’s shoulder. Dean turns around and looks Castiel dead in the eyes.
"Holy shit-" he gasped, almost dropping the thing. Benny thankfully caught it, giving Dean a stink eye.
The whiskey in the shot burned as it went down, best to prepare him for whatever was gonna be in the private room this time.
Castiel put his hand on Dean’s shoulder and smiled. “That sounds perfect Dean. Just be sure to read between the lines. Some languages are harder to read when they have symbols to represent words.” He instructs, removing his hand just as quick.
Then he remembered Spencer grabbing Castiel’s arm, squeezing it almost in a death grip as he yanked the angel to look at him. And then Castiel had heard the chant of a small spell, and he was immediately knocked into the wall of the building, knocking him out cold.
Dean wastes no time as his feet scamper across the floor and he races towards the front door where Castiel had left to go after Spencer. He throws open the door and rushes across the walkway, waving his arms for Castiel to see him, and maybe stop enough for Dean to explain why the hell he was racing out to Castiel. Of course, he was slightly unease by the lack of pain in his legs from the comparison of Cas and Mark’s way of fucking Dean till he cries.
“Don’t worry, Cas. We dealt with the demon. He’s dead, I’ll live, winning hands on both sides.” Dean says in a grunt, heaving himself onto the map table and almost crying out from the irritation of his broken rib. Castiel rolled his eyes and extended his hand, beginning to heal the elder Winchester. Castiel’s face had been firm, disappointed, and most of all heartbroken that Dean had let himself get hurt this much.
Castiel smiles at Dean and squeezes his hand back before returning to watch the skaters gracefully speed through the night, the coloured lights reflecting off the ice and the eyes of the two men.
“You will be. Now eat--before I find a tube for you.” His response is a pointed bite of the sandwich.
Dean was bloody, shaking with what could only be a combination of fear and rage but when Cas looked in his eyes the black faded to the most brilliant green he’d ever seen. Blue and green locked for just a moment, and Castiel’s grace yearned to reach for the man with the kindest eyes the angel had ever seen. The moment passed. Black came back and Dean pounced. A simple touch was all it took to knock the man unconscious, but there was still much to do. The hunter hadn’t completely converted to a demon, the humanity of him still lingered in the centre of his soul, a warm tender glow brighter than any other human soul in hell. Castiel had moments to act before the legions of demons would be on him again. He thrust a hand straight through the hunters chest and began to fuse grace with the demon’s soul. The human glow at the centre began to grow, warmth mixing with the grace and forcing black smoke to well up and away from the body. The soul continued to grow, brighter and warmer until it filled the man and radiated from him. It was the brightest soul Castiel had ever seen. Pure and untinged, even after Castiel recovered his grace the soul burned, a never ending light in the darkness of hell.
“Gabe,” he glares at his brother, “I don’t think that is necessary to the predicament, especially if I ruined it last night...He was relatively quiet this morning.”
“Sam. I can’t…” Dean takes a breath that feels like it lasts an eternity. “He told me he loved me.” He doesn’t look at his brother. “He told me he loved me and I stood there and he was taken and I did nothing.”
Cas follows him into the main room where they wait for Jack and Sam to finish up and load into the Impala.
It wasn’t long after the reunion and return of humanity to earth that Dean knew Cas wasn’t just going to come back, and honestly when were things ever that simple for him? He knew he was going to have to spend every second researching and chasing leads to get the angel home. Every night Cas’s speech played through his dreams—more like nightmares now.
“Good! You need to get out of that silly apartment. I swear Cassie, I’m gonna just lock you out and redecorate it one of these days. I hate it.”
"My feathers are in pristine condition; I groomed them yesterday." He never did understand Gabriel's sense of humour.
“Nope. I’ve stopped calling Bobby. I figure he’s got himself locked up in angel town now that he’s all juiced up.” The lie came out so naturally it surprised Dean as Bobby bought it without a second thought; Dean still prays to Castiel every night.
Castiel lets out a forceful huff and picks at his food. “I’m going to the Roadhouse tonight. Charlie invited me.”
When the tree was secured to Dean’s satisfaction the group dispersed. Sam wanting to find something for Eileen, Jack wanting to experience all he could, and Cas wanting to spend more time with his friend and help him enjoy the night. The sun had finally dropped and the air was growing more frigid by the second. Dean without thought pulls the scarves from the trunk of Baby and begins to wrap a red and gold knit one around Cas’s neck.
The impala tore onto the road with a growl that flushed a cloud of birds from the nearby trees, sending them squawking into a frenzy. The sun glared onto the hood and the wind rumbled in through the open windows that classic rock blared out of, but the driver noticed none of these things. Just like he failed to notice the presence in the back seat or the slight flicker between stations when the car started up. No, Dean was lost to his thoughts.
"Yes. He had a bad night. Bobby might help." Nothing more was said between them that night. It had all already been said, and the two angels knew where they stood. They sat on the hood of the impala, under the stars, the way their hunters had for so many years. Both prayed, to different people and about different things, but that night the two angels prayed for their hunters.
“Uhhum.” Blue and Green turn to Sam. “Do you guys want to go home or something?” There’s a smile on his face.
Dean shakes his head and deletes the last few words, he’s starting to sound like a Lord of the Rings script writer.Flagging his waitress he orders another beer and remains focused on the screen.
Dean had been writing, and Cas read every story. The stories of hunts Dean and Sam when on before they knew Cas had been watching over them. Before he pulled Dean out of hell.
“Dean. I don’t understand what is wrong with my normal outerwear. Why must I wear these clothes instead and why is the fabric so scratchy?” He pouts slightly, bringing a chuckle forth from Dean.
It doesn’t take the odd couple long to tidy the kitchen and ready themselves for the day. Cas secretly freshens his breath and tames his hair in the bathroom with a thought before neatly arranging the extra layers from last night’s outfit into a bag offered by Dean. He doubted Dr Adler would be thrilled with him arriving in chaps and a cowboy hat. Dean packs his usual lunch while carefully avoiding the man’s eyes--the night before running through his mind. Together the two head outside where Baby is carefully tucked under a parking structure.
Charlie, seeing the nurse’s confusion at the interaction whispers to him, “Don’t worry, they are always like that. Castiel and Meg used each other to figure out they weren’t straight and have since been thicker than thieves.” He smiled gratefully. “Guys! Rally round the redhead!” The group, including Ruby who shot Cas a middle finger as she rejoined the group, migrated to the pool table to listen to their queen. “Dean Winchester, raise your hand.” The burly man almost looks frightened as he raises his hand weakly. “You. You are not allowed to buy any drinks tonight! As your welcome to the Lonely Ones, I challenge my subjects to each buy you a drink and use it as an opportunity to suck out your weird.” His eyes widen and his mouth falls agape at the suggestion.
Charlie groans. “Geez, I left you unsupervised for too long. I’ll settle up and then meet you guys outside, okay?” When they’re too busy to respond, she sighs. “Don’t get arrested for public indecency while I’m gone.”
is Dean sitting beside him – the warmth radiating from his body, the gentle sound of his breathing. Castiel tries not to linger too long when he sneaks a glance in Dean’s direction, captivated by the light in Dean’s eyes as he watches something he obviously has a special fondness for. Though he can’t help but notice that Dean might be a little distracted too, in a way he never is when Sam’s there with them.
in reply as Cas tips over the edge, touching every inch of Cas’s skin he can get his hands on, gasping so hard he’s dizzy with it.
for the rest of the night, held himself in check just like Castiel asked. And how could Castiel not amply reward him for that? Press him down, slide inside him until he came shuddering against the pillow, spilling over Castiel’s fingers – and even after that, put his hands to work kneading out Dean’s tense muscles until he was a puddle of bliss under Cas’s touch, asleep in an instant once Castiel sidled up behind him and wrapped him tight in his arms, his heart bursting with affection and some burgeoning new feelings he hadn’t yet managed to name.
“Hell yes,” Dean replies with a breathy laugh. “Last night was fun,” he mumbles after a few beats of silence, closing his eyes and leaning into Cas’s touch.
Cas really plays up the ‘overconfident drunk’ angle at first, plastering on a wide, unassuming smile as he sidles up to a group of twenty-somethings playing pool. Dean tracks every calculated movement, can almost hear the carefully sloppy way Cas drawls,
. “Geez, Cas,” he says with a faint laugh. “Haven’t even been here five minutes and you’re already breaking hearts.” Never mind that Dean was kind of responsible for the heartbreak here.
The other people at the table have gone quiet now, still watching in amusement. “You trying to start something?”
“You said—” Dean pauses to take a deep breath. “You said I should, uh, talk to you if there’s something I, y’know. Something I wanna do.”
There’s a flippant innuendo on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but he stops for a second to think. Everything after they got home was fantastic – it always is – but he’d be lying if he said it was the only highlight of the evening. Going out with Cas like that, allowed to be somewhere together without fear or paranoia was more rewarding than he’d expected. Like with so many other things in his life, he didn’t realize what he’d been missing out on, what he’d been foolishly denying himself, until he actually got it. “All of it,” he says eventually, and maybe he’s not just talking about yesterday – it’s everything with Cas, every single moment, good or bad or some confusing mix of the two, that Dean wouldn’t trade for anything in the damn world. “You, uh,” He lifts his head up so he can look Cas in the eye. “You make me really happy,” he adds, determined to keep his voice steady.
Castiel considers what he’s being offered. He doesn’t need a demonstration, per se – he undoubtedly wants to partake in every step of this himself – but he’s more than willing to seize this opportunity, to see Dean touch himself that way, open himself up for Castiel.
“Cas,” Dean murmurs again, pressed head to toe against Castiel’s side – not in that way he does when he’s half-awake or asleep altogether, unconsciously seeking contact, but with
“Uh,” Dean blinks and snaps out of it, dragging his eyes towards Cas’s face, expecting Cas to tease him now that he’s been caught staring. “Yeah?”
After allowing a few self-indulgent moments of scowling, Dean sighs theatrically again. “All right, I’ll give it
“You like this?” Castiel finds himself asking, his voice an almost unrecognizable deep rumble. The answer is fairly obvious, but he wants to hear it from Dean.
beautiful.” Cas scrutinizes Dean as his blush deepens. Dean wouldn’t have thought it possible for his cheeks to burn any hotter. “Do you like it when I tell you you’re beautiful?” Cas asks, curious.
Cas has taken the bed closest to the door and is already unpacking his things. “How long ago did you say those people were reported missing?”
But Dean should know better than to think anything in his life could ever be easy. He realizes the true error of his ways the following morning, lying on his bed and blinking morosely at the ceiling, uncomfortably hard because, well, turns out that little cowboy fantasy wasn’t a fluke after all.
how he’s going to get Dean ready to take him like this. Cas is gonna make this so good for him, take this on just because Dean asked for it. The whole
“I’m thinking—” Dean hesitates again, but knowing that Cas will give him more if he plays along actually spurs him into doing it. “I’m thinking that’s so
Castiel looks on, enraptured, as Dean flips open the lid, slight tremor in his hands, slicking up a finger and reaching down between his spread legs. He draws a few teasing circles before he slowly slipping it inside himself, eyelids fluttering, cheeks pink. He’s so
. He starts to come back to reality, not even aware of how far Cas had driven him out of his own head until now, mind kicking back online and starting to race because that was—wow. Okay.
Dean’s eyes snap open. It could almost sound casual, as if Cas is joking, but— “What?” Dean asks, licking his lips again.
But eventually he gets sick of eating takeout and frozen pizzas alone in his room, and he finds himself creeping into the kitchen and firing up the stove when he thinks the coast is clear.
“I had you just like this,” Cas confesses, starting to curl towards Dean again, hand on Dean’s hip. Dean wishes he’d let his touch wander further, give Dean’s aching cock some relief. “Was inside you so deep.”
Cas gives him a moment to recover before pulling back and observing him with a lopsided smile, calm as a damn cucumber and definitely looking a little smug. “We were only kissing.”
Castiel keeps Dean close afterwards as they doze off, tucked up behind Dean, pressing a kiss to his shoulder. Castiel’s proud of Dean for taking the steps to get them out here, grateful they’ve had this wonderful opportunity. He’s reluctant to leave, impossibly tempted to stay in this cozy little bubble they’ve crafted.
Pride rushes through Castiel at the compliment, mingling with the simmering heat in his belly, arousal ratcheting even higher. He can tell that it’s difficult for Dean to be so open with him, but he’s trying because he wants to do that for Castiel.
“Cas,” he says carefully, licking his lips, “What are you asking me here?” He stares at the ring in Cas’s hand, throat dry, heart pounding. He can’t believe this is ha—well, he’s not sure what’s happening, actually.
It never fails to awe Dean, to humble him, to know that Cas would put his life down for him in a second if asked, and not just out of loyalty to the crown.
Castiel notes the deflection, the subtle pivot from focusing on his own desires. Castiel may have some things of his own in mind, but he wants to give Dean what
Cas gingerly extricates himself at Dean’s warning, leaning back so his weight is on Dean’s legs. “Keep your hands there,” he says, not a trace of uncertainty left in his voice. He braces one hand on the headboard and reaches down with the other, taking Dean’s cock in hand again until Dean gasps out
“Kinda,” Dean mumbles. He feels a little silly and a lot vulnerable – he did with Rhonda too, and yeah, he may be a lot more comfortable with Cas, but it’s still a bit nerve-racking to be doing this because
It’s not every time that they do that sort of thing. It’s often enough to be an indisputable part of their routine, but rare enough for Dean to privately think of it as
Cas still looks dubious, but Dean also picks up on something calculating in his eyes, and he can only pray that Cas is picking up the obscure, vague hints that Dean is laying down. The moment seems to pass, and Cas’s expression turns warm and fond again. “You know,” he says slowly, fingers brushing Dean’s cheek, a flirtatious smirk forming, “If you weren’t so attractive, we wouldn’t have to worry about this.”
“That was the last time, Dean, I promised,” Cas murmurs, one hand in Dean’s hair, the other wandering up and down his torso in slow, soothing strokes. “You can let go now,” he assures Dean, long fingers wrapping around Dean’s cock in a sure grip. “It’s all right.”
,” before Cas is backing off and Dean’s left trembling on the mattress, a long whine escaping his throat before he can stop it.
Dean pulls him in for a kiss, his eyes stinging. He savors it this time, as if this one is their first. He’s overcome with a sense of contentment and completion, feels butterflies in his stomach. When he pulls back he doesn’t let Cas go far, just whispers into their shared space before he loses his nerve. “Me too, okay? About everything you said, I just—I love you, too. Dreams are fun and all, but this is better. You and me.”
Dean shrugs with a half smirk, a hint of mischief in his eyes, and says nothing, which is enough of an answer for Castiel. It’s not a denial or a brush off as he’s become so accustomed to—this is Dean being as open as Castiel ever sees him. It’s still personal and intimate, but it’s a secret he’s eager to share, rather than being too embarrassed to admit it, even to Castiel. It’s more akin to his reactions the night before, and it seems indicative of a trend, of consistent progress in a positive direction, of growth. Castiel is as proud of Dean as he is grateful to be allowed in like this.
Dean glances over his shoulder again, almost taken aback by the state he’s in, the deep, ruddy color staining his skin. “Jesus,” he mutters reflexively, although it looks worse than it felt – the physical sensation almost transcended pain, for the most part, though he may be changing his tune as he recovers from the flood of endorphins.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at that. “Don’t you?” he asks, somewhere between teasing and a genuine inquiry.
Cas smiles, tender and delighted, and it’s easy enough for him to slick himself up and push inside, hot and unyielding and right where Dean wants him. The stretch is exquisite, oh so gratifying even without the immediate promise of orgasm, and Dean’s heart pounds knowing how good it is for Cas, thrilled to be a part of that.
Dean’s trembling, struggling not to lose his grip on his already fraying restraint, when Cas drapes his body over Dean’s, mouth close to his ear. “So good for me,” he purrs, reaching down to tease Dean open with one slick finger, slipping in and out at his leisure, confident that Dean will just stay put and take it, not push back into his touch. “Always so good.”
Castiel isn’t fooled by his show of indifference, and he moves in more confidently this time, pressing in close to Dean, palming his hip, fingers caressing his jaw, grasping his chin to guide their mouths together. Dean’s hands settle against his chest and Castiel wants more of that, Dean’s hands everywhere, wants to do the same to Dean, feel every inch of his smooth, tempting skin, hot and so, so alive.
with him and Cas. He’s certain now; Cas is holding out on him, in a way, even if he doesn’t mean to, and Dean is desperate for him to let go. He doesn’t just tolerate it, he
On the other hand, having Cas around also means that sometimes he and Dean split up from Sam to work two jobs at once. And okay, maybe in hindsight it was a little irresponsible to keep booking two rooms when they all worked together, just so he and Cas could have a little
The hunt ends up dragging on in a way Castiel did not expect and does not especially welcome; the endless days of investigation, he could do without, but he doesn’t exactly mind the repeated evenings at Dean’s side.
“We can leave if you want,” Charlie offers gently. “I don’t wanna make you stay if it’s too weird for you. But I remember what it was like when I was in your shoes, learning how
Dean’s opponent is too hammered to be much of a challenge but he’s a total stubborn ass about it, keeps the game going for five rounds, upping the ante every damn time until he finally admits defeat. Dean’s surprised when the guy’s actually willing (and able) to pony up the full amount at the end, but apparently he’s got a wallet about the size of his ego.
Dean feels caught. It’s just as obvious as the first time that he has no intention of working out. “No, I just…” His feet just kind of brought him here, because he wants to get in Cas’s space, soak up his warmth, like he gets to do in his dreams, like he did in reality for one, fantastic, fleeting moment.
Dean opens his eyes at Cas’s question, not realizing he’s chewing his lip until he releases it, self-conscious over the way Cas is studying his face. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“Well,” Dean says carefully, licking his lips because he knows just how intently Cas is watching. “You play your cards right, you might just get me to come home with you.” Dean, on the other hand, has no qualms about playing coy.
They head out to blow off steam more than anything else, even if Dean claims it’s in the interest of stocking up on cash. He
Ramona’s rusty pick-up is parked by the bank of the reservoir, slightly obscured by the tall grass. Jones is already standing near it, looking surlier than ever when they pull in. Dean leaves the Impala a few yards away and they follow the worn dirt path down to the waterline.
Dean hums thoughtfully. “Dunno what you’re apologizing for. Lotta ways you can act out if you get jealous. Having your way with me in an alley isn’t exactly the worst of them. I mean…” He pauses, catches Castiel’s eye. “Don’t see me complaining, do you?” he asks, those clever fingers winding around his tie seriously temping Castiel into abandoning his plans for later and finding out if Dean’s as quick to get on his knees here as he was at that bar a few weeks ago.
“Until now.” Cas fills in for him. He isn’t angry, Dean knows that much, but he’s clearly not thrilled, probably still processing this turn of events.
The thought of throwing himself head first into hunting has appealed to him less and less lately. That level of dedication to work definitely loses its shine when he’s not using it as an excuse to run away from his problems. When he could be doing something so much better instead.
Castiel follows and takes note of the way Dean tenses when Castiel sidles up behind him, can feel the nervousness radiating from him in waves. Castiel feels a pang of sympathy for Dean’s internal struggle. “Are you sure you’re all right?” he asks, softer this time, hand on Dean’s arm.
, it’s nothing short of remarkable. “No more livin’ in sin, huh?” Dean says with a faint chuckle and a forced smirk, trying to clear the hoarseness in his throat away, blinking rapidly.
Cas urges him to move his arms from their locked position – Dean had hardly even noticed that they were still stubbornly stretched above him – and ushers him out of bed, touch never straying from Dean’s body at they make their way to the bathroom, hands steady on Dean’s back.
Then Cas’s hand is on Dean’s hip, tracing the waistband of Dean’s jeans, but he doesn’t move to undo them. He’s looking at Dean searchingly, and Dean knows that this is him checking in, making sure that everything is still okay. In the not-so-distant past he might’ve gotten his back up about Cas being so careful with him, but now he’s just grateful for the reminder that Cas cares so much.
it can be to enjoy the night in peace for once. Because you’re, you know, surrounded by your peers.”
Dean’s glad that Cas takes his babbling for the positive affirmation it is, the tension easing from him as well. Good. Dean wants him to enjoy this too.
“Hey,” Dean says with a casual tone that doesn’t come off as natural, parking himself on the sofa next to Castiel rather than taking the armchair as he often does.
Dean’s out for a few more hours. Castiel doesn’t go back to sleep at all. As nice as it would be to fall asleep with Dean again and wake up beside him, he wouldn’t get to fully experience this. Castiel knows that Dean isn’t the best sleeper – wakes easily, fitful with what Castiel suspects are unpleasant dreams – but to see him rest so well in Castiel’s arms puts warmth in Castiel’s chest. Castiel feels a surge of pride knowing that Dean feels so safe and relaxed out here. With him.
“Thank you.” Cas graciously doesn’t call Dean out on his previous misgivings about Cas’s clothing choices. He probably knows it was all bullshit anyway. “You can borrow it, if you like.”
This stuff happens behind Dean’s back sometimes, but Cas never misses a damn thing. Dean doesn’t know if these guys said or did something while he was pre-occupied, but whatever it was, it’s obviously gotten a rise out of Cas. Cas curtly ends the interview, not that these people were much help anyway, and the next thing Dean knows, he’s being pulled down the hallway, around a corner, and into an empty office. It’s only “empty” in the sense that no one is currently in the room and the lights are off, but it clearly belongs to someone who could come back at any second. Cas doesn’t seem to give a shit about that, and Dean decides he doesn’t either.
“You’ve helped already,” Dean reassures her instinctively, regretting it when that sharpness comes back to her eyes.
Dean readily tilts his head to give Cas better access. Cas slides his fingers back into Dean’s hair, just resting them there, and Dean murmurs, “Yeah, you can—” melting into a pitiful whine when Cas acquiesces, winding his fingers through and
Cas shoots him a look, one that says they’re both aware of the answer to that question. He leans in further, fingers grazing Dean’s cheek, and responds anyway. “Because you like it when I tell you what to do.”
Dean snorts. “Dunno if it’ll look as good on me,” he replies, effectively playing the self-deprecation card while still paying Cas a compliment – and hopefully deflecting from how the idea of wearing Cas’s clothing interests him.
. Unwanted emotions are seeping in through his defenses, and he’s left wrestling with guilt, worrying he might have driven Cas away, fighting off a sting that feels an awful lot like rejection and it just…
It’s as much an insistence as it is a genuine question, an assurance that Dean has the ultimate say in how this goes. “I—Yeah,” Dean says hoarsely, even if he’s not as sure about that as Cas is. For Cas, he can definitely try.
Dean gets him unbuckled and inches the zipper down slowly. He shoves Cas’s pants and boxers out of the way enough to draw his cock out, thrilled by the weight of it, flushed and hot beneath his fingers, and god, he’s so fucking eager for it he has to stifle a whine. The word
Cas pulls back and regards him quietly, thumb stroking his cheekbone. It gives Dean a moment to breathe and contemplate this slow, measured pace that Cas is sticking to. He wonders if Cas is holding back for Dean’s benefit; Cas is fearless with most things, especially when it comes to silly human anxieties, and has always been one to take action. It’s hard to imagine that Cas would be hesitant for his own sake. It occurs to him that maybe Cas isn’t interested in what else is on the table, or at least is interpreting the situation a bit more innocently than Dean is, but he dismisses
“I don’t care,” Cas growls, and Dean only said it to tease, but as always, Cas is more earnest than he planned for. “I’m where I want to be.”
It’s a constant game that Castiel has to play, debating over whether he should reveal his knowledge or keep appearing ignorant to see if it gets him anywhere. “All right,” he says as he hands Dean the bottle, trying to sound casual. “Show me.”
, he thinks, though he doesn’t say it out loud just then. But he intends to eventually, as often as Dean is willing to hear it. “Do I need more of a reason than that?”
But Cas always keeps it civil, almost as if he’s taking extra pains to be gentler with Dean than usual. And it’s good, of course – Dean could never call any kind of sex with Cas even remotely disappointing – but it’s not exactly what he’s after.
Dean twists away from the pillow, finding Castiel’s eyes and blinking slowly. Castiel can’t help but be charmed by the sight of his unkempt hair, the lingering sleepiness softening his face.
They’ve deduced her strategy of luring unexpected victims with her attractive form, getting them alone so she can feed without witnesses. She’s obviously on the hunt already, sitting at the bar and scanning the crowd while they watch her discreetly and try to formulate a plan to eliminate her.
It’s only after he’s returned to his room in shame, staring at a bowl of soggy cereal, that he realizes he forgot to get a spoon.
, for god’s sake, but wanting what he had in that last dream is what feels like a violation, like too much to ask.
For a moment Cas just looks at him, his scrutiny making Dean squirm. “You don’t need a ruse to get me into bed with you,” he says, voice warm.
Charlie reaches out and squeezes his hand again. “Well, it hurts when people wanna hate you for who you are. It
Cas hums in acknowledgment, leans up for another brief kiss. “Is there?” he asks, as patient as ever, looking at Dean intently, running a hand up and down his spine.
for him, something Dean is willingly sharing, giving himself over to it so completely, and Castiel is not about to squander the opportunity, the gift he’s been given. He tries to move a bit faster, fascinated by the high, frantic moans torn from Dean’s throat before he slows Castiel down – too much too soon, perhaps – coaxes him into something gentler, a more languorous pace. He searches for a better angle, knows he’s found it by Dean’s strangled gasp, eyes slamming shut, head thrown back. Castiel is helplessly enticed by the smooth expanse of his neck, kisses each freckle still visible in the dim light. Dean’s eyebrows are knitted together, lips bitten, parted on a moan that he raises his hand to stifle. Castiel can’t stand for that, wants to hear every exquisite sound he can draw out of Dean, wants Dean to feel comfortable letting go.
Not until he met Dean, anyway. Castiel’s comment about how this wouldn’t be a problem if Dean weren’t so attractive wasn’t entirely a joke or flirtation. There’s just something about Dean that draws people in—his eyes, his smile, the way he can be magnetically personable and charming, especially when he wants to be. Every so often, Castiel wonders if passersby are genuinely helpless to resist Dean, just as he’s always been himself, and perhaps he can’t really hold it against them if they fall a little bit in love the moment they meet him; a split second later his higher reason gives way to pettiness and he decides that no, he absolutely
impracticality, not “the hunter way” by a long shot. The weapons tacked to his bedroom walls are primarily for show, not much use for a spontaneous monster fight. He is
Cas is close; Dean can tell by the way his breath is hitching, the way his fingers are digging bruises into Dean’s skin, and Dean
But those moments are absurd, even more so than Cas in a kilt or Dean as his eager-to-please employee, so far outside of reality that Dean stubbornly pushes away the thought of them. But that leaves only the raunchier bits to contemplate, reminding him how he’s still throbbing in his threadbare sweatpants, and he fights the urge to reach down and take care of it because nope, not gonna do that again. He can barely look Cas in the eye as it is.
So yet again Dean arrives at the same conclusion: he’s gotta be the one to make the first move here, or at least give Cas a
Cas is breathtaking. Dean never tires of watching the graceful, fierce way he moves. Dean’s seen him like this on the battlefield, taking down enemies with ruthless efficiency, but he’s also reminded of the times he shares with Cas far from the horrors of war, their sacred, stolen moments together in his bedchamber. No one questions the crown prince spending time with his most trusted knight.
, doesn’t get greedy with it and try to take more than what he’s given. It’s not easy for Dean to follow through with that demand, vibrating with impatience as Cas fucks his mouth almost lazily, doing his absolute best to hold himself in check until Cas spills down his throat.
is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but at the last second he pauses, thinking back to earlier. He’d been thrown off, maybe even a little annoyed, when Cas wanted to handle the wood-chopping on his own. But he’s starting to understand that Cas wants to be useful, powers or not, and that it’s Dean he wants to help especially. And if Dean’s being honest with himself, he could be a lot better about asking for and accepting help. He can’t even imagine how many times Cas must have wanted to do something for him but didn’t even offer because of how prickly and defensive Dean can get. Reflecting on that now makes Dean feel like an ass, but he’s got plenty of time to make up for it.
Dean tries to ease Cas’s (not totally unfounded) concern by taking initiative, trying to convey his assent despite the way his hands are actually
Cas hums in response, lifting the barbell from the pegs. “That sounds good,” he says, muscles flexing as he lowers the weight to his chest, not sounding strained in the slightest.
It’s not like Sam’s thrilled about it either. He sighs as he counts out the cash – what little they have – throwing Dean and Cas a
Dean gives him a casual once-over. “I’m not really busy right now,” he offers, renewed self-assurance warring with uncharacteristic shyness.
it. And I think, I did that, I gave you that pleasure. It’s intoxicating.” There’s another hitch in Cas’s breath; he’s so
Keeping his vessel in peak condition, after all, isn’t entirely a passive act. He has to concentrate on healing a wound, and it’s the same for alleviating hunger or easing fatigue – or even something as mundane as stopping the growth of his hair and fingernails. It’s not terribly taxing, but it’s an inaudible, unsettling hum that’s always buzzed under his skin, and he couldn’t have anticipated what a relief it was for it to stop, for him to just let go and let this body exist naturally. It’s left him feeling centered, grounded,
Dean makes a noise, either a laugh or a sob or somewhere in between, and reels Cas in again, a surge of elation bubbling up within him: It feels like the first time they kissed, the first time they touched without the flimsy pretense of being strictly friends, the moment Cas decided to stay. As far back as he can remember, his vision of the future’s been vague and muddy – but the image is suddenly bright and sharp, nothing but love and safety and Cas, Cas, Cas. It’s real now. They’re family.
reasons. That triggers the perfect, unbearable combination of Castiel’s protective – and possessive – urges, but he keeps his protests to himself, knowing that even if Dean’s been surprisingly tolerant of the ‘possessive’ part, the ‘protective’ aspect can still rub him the wrong way, and Castiel would hate to appear as if he doubts Dean’s abilities, especially when that’s not remotely the issue.
Dean doesn’t mind the way Cas basically collapses on top of him, feels utterly wrung out and complete, could easily fall asleep with the weight of Cas’s body blanketing him, his mouth chastely kissing the back of Dean’s neck.
“Shit, what time is it?” Dean asks, reaching for his phone and checking for himself before Castiel can even answer.
Dean swallows hard. He knows she’s mostly joking, but the question hits close to home. Dean’s never really examined things with Cas in exactly those terms, but now that he has, the answer is ridiculously obvious.
Dean’s jaw tightens, and Castiel braces himself for the inevitable bull-headed protestation. But almost immediately Dean seems to relent, his expression softening as he pushes a book towards Castiel.
Cas licks his lips again, and this time Dean knows it’s not just for his benefit. Cas is getting lost in the fantasy of how good Dean looks when Cas is fucking him, and Dean has no hope of keeping himself under control when Cas is this into it too.
Dean’s stupidly grateful for the reprieve. “Yeah. Yes. Please,” he replies immediately, aware he’s bordering on babbling by now.
Dean doesn’t know how long Cas plans on avoiding him. He could come strolling into the room at any moment and oh, shit, Dean kind of
. Cas pulls back to suck a mark into Dean’s neck, high enough for the whole office to see, and he barely has to put pressure on Dean’s shoulder before he’s dropping into a kneel like he’s done it a thousand times, eagerly looking up at Cas, hands still on Cas’s thighs, admiring the firm muscle beneath his palms.
Cas seems to agree, cupping Dean’s jaw as they both lean forward again eagerly. Dean notices with surprise and exhilaration that they’re starting with a lot more tongue than they usually do, but
Dean blinks in disbelief because seriously, what is this guy’s problem? It’s not like he was expecting Jones to be chummy with them – local cops usually aren’t, too wary of feds sticking their noses in to actually be friendly – but this seems a little over the top.
Dean shifts into a better position and tries to take Castiel deeper, nudging his soft palate – he’s talked before about how he wants to
“Yeah,” Dean says with a dopey grin, and when he locks eyes with Cas he decides that it’s not just the whiskey that’s making him light-headed. “We’re gonna go do it now,” he announces blithely, turning back to Sam.
They had everything mapped out last time, for Castiel’s benefit as much as Dean’s. He’d been nervous then too, in a way he’d never really felt, even in battle – in a sense, this was more important – but he was determined not to let it show, for Dean’s sake.
?” Cas asks, and Dean can hear the skepticism, can picture the furrow in his brow, because that kind of wishy-washy bullshit is not gonna fly with Cas right now.
They gather up their near-forgotten dinner plates in almost perfect unison, and when they meet up at the kitchen counter to put them in the sink, Dean finds himself catching Cas’s gaze and holding it for longer than could really be called appropriate. But Cas just stares right on back, that ever-intense regard that makes Dean want to shy away even as he couldn’t possibly imagine looking anywhere else.
has a suggestive tone to it, and if she’s put off by how weird he’s being, she doesn’t show it. Or maybe she thinks he’s just flustered over her and she’s getting a kick out of the way she’s affecting him – wouldn’t be the first time something like that happened. He’d always had a tendency to go home with the ones who have no use for his pick-up lines but are still up for spending a night with him just for the opportunity to take him down a peg. The ones who see his cocky act like some kind of challenge.
He averts his eyes and tries to make his escape but finds that he’s boxed in by Cas’s arms, and doesn’t
Cas leans in, brushes his lips against Dean’s throat, and Dean has to stifle a giddy laugh at the tickling but thrilling sensation of Cas’s beard on his skin.
Dean leans back against the side of his car, looking out over the lake one last time. He can recognize, even from a distance, the Douglas fir that he and Cas kissed under a few days ago. He smiles at the memory, but it’s almost bittersweet, because he can’t shake the lingering fear that this is the end, somehow. And to think it was
Dean tries to summon up a smile too, to let his genuine affection for Cas override his nervousness. “Night, Cas.”
He doesn’t even startle when Cas suddenly materializes next to him in the passenger’s seat, only leans forward easily when Cas grabs him by the tie, reels him in for a lingering kiss, contrite and grateful, full of promise.
But Cas simply cups Dean’s cheek in one large hand and reels him in for a heated kiss that leaves Dean’s pulse pounding when he pulls away. “Goodnight,” he says with a slow smile before sauntering out of the room.
those longing gazes aren’t exactly new. Cas must be used to Dean looking at him that way and absolutely nothing changing between them, Dean holding him at arm’s length when he starts to get too close.
done this before,” Castiel finds himself thinking aloud. He had wondered about it, if this was truly an indulgence Dean enjoyed, if he ever allowed himself to pursue it.
things – was something of a foreign concept to him. Of course, when he raised Dean from perdition, he became familiar very quickly. Even then, he found much of the sensory input that he experienced to be indecipherable, overcome by desires he couldn’t really explain—
But Cas always makes it worth it to try get over those fears and insecurities. Dean’s finally letting that fact sink in, that Cas is unfailingly here for him, and nothing this inconsequential will ever change that. Now he’s just got to be the one to put the work in and take the first step.
, Your Highness,” he drawls. He gives her an exaggerated smooch on the cheek, and then another, and another, until he’s obnoxiously peppering her face with kisses. “You’re so kind and smart and pretty and—”
Dean’s familiar with this routine by now, Cas checking in at the beginning to make sure Dean’s up for whatever he’s offering – and if he is, Cas won’t be slowing down unless Dean asks him to, will fluently rumble out instructions with the assumption that they’ll be obeyed, and that’s just the way Dean likes it. Cas is rarely hesitant with his commands anymore, but he’s never harsh or pushy, just relaxed in the certainty that Dean will follow, will inform him the moment he feels anxious. The confidence that Cas has come to adopt when they’re together like this is as much a comfort for Dean as it is an enormous turn-on.
He makes his exit before either of them has a chance to reply. Cas and Dean stand there for a moment in silence, exchanging amused glances until Cas finally steps in close, eyes half-lidded but teasing as he asks, “Wanna get out of here?” just like how Dean always says it.
hip enough for a place like that, but then he realizes how ridiculously uncool that would make him sound.
“Nope,” Dean says with a laugh. He closes his eyes, sinking further into a pillow with a contented sigh. “Got it just right. Gold star for you.”
, needing only the barest touch of Cas’s hand before spilling over his fingers. Dean moans shamelessly and Cas does too, pleasure probably reignited by the sensation of Dean squeezing tight around him, still thrusting languidly and riding it out.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, and maybe he should be embarrassed to admit how close he was to losing it already, but he’s too far gone to worry about it.
it’s almost too much to look at him, Castiel’s heart squeezing in his chest, pulse thudding more rapidly.  Castiel no longer has the energy to stop those thoughts from rising to the surface, can’t possibly be expected to keep them at bay with Dean looking radiant and inviting, mere feet from where Castiel is standing.
Unwilling to dwell for too long, Castiel quietly untangles himself from his sheets, in search of a shower. Sleep was only the first human necessity that Castiel chose to regularly engage in, but as he spent more idle hours in the bunker with Sam and Dean, more followed. Sitting for meals with them was a natural next step – not just observing but actually partaking, even if it doesn’t quite taste the same as it would if he weren’t an angel. It’s still interesting, still satisfying, especially when it’s Dean’s cooking. Castiel knows that it means a lot to Dean that he eats. He’d protested, once, that the food would be wasted on him when he didn’t need it, and Dean should save more for himself. That hadn’t gone over particularly well.
Outside, Dean still can’t quite keep himself away from Cas, slipping in close and toying with the collar of his jacket. “Looks like I’m going home with you after all,” he quips with a teasing grin. Dean only gets a slight quirk of Cas’s eyebrow as warning before Cas is leaning forward again, backing him into the wall of the building and kissing him eagerly. “Damn, take it easy there, hot stuff,” Dean laughs when they break apart again, as if he’s really complaining. Seeing Cas lose his cool always gets him going. “We’ll be home soon.” He pitches his voice lower, aiming for something seductive, but he’s not entirely sure he succeeds, “Then I’m all yours.”
Cas lets out an appreciative sound of his own as Dean’s moans reach a crescendo, as he comes, gasping, pitching forward. He rests his forehead against Cas’s collar bone while he rides it out, whimpering Cas’s name, hips twitching helplessly, Cas’s strong fingers stroking his back until he settles.
Dean barely has time to wonder about the possible double meaning of those words before he feels Cas’s lips on the back of his neck, hand slipping low, towards the hem of Dean’s shirt.
Cas stops everything, no way he’s missed the sudden tension in Dean’s posture. “We could move away from the window,” he offers, clearly concerned.
“Should we interview the next of kin today?” Castiel asks as Dean reaches for the pot and fills his mug.
It’s one thing to have a dirty dream about someone you consider a friend, it’s another thing to quite literally
That’s reason enough to try to contain himself, Castiel thinks: the utter inconvenience of it. Like when they’re working a case and he’s supposed to be sensible and cool-headed – some of his most valuable assets on a hunt, ones he takes pride in – and he’s trying his damnedest to focus, but all he can think about is the way the local sheriff’s eyes fixated on Dean’s mouth as he spoke, how he gave Dean a shameless, thorough once-over when his attention was elsewhere.
But Dean gets this game – it’s one he’s engaged in himself, on his own, driving himself to the brink and easing back again, but he’s never given that power to someone else before. He’s always given into his body’s demands before long, never pushed himself as far as he suspects Cas is about to push him. It’s extraordinarily different being at another person’s mercy; it’s never been quite this exciting before, this intense.
Even after they’re clean and put-together again, Dean spends a few long minutes just kissing Cas, body singing, heart and mind racing, wanting to show his gratitude to Cas, or something, because he’s so damn good to Dean. They part long enough for Dean to catch Cas’s eye. He looks sheepish, but only very slightly.
feel desirable like this, though, preening under Cas’s interested regard. “Feel free to jump in anytime,” he fires back, deflecting. “Don’t let me have all the fun.” He’s hoping to goad Cas into action, but the thought that this is all they’ll do tonight, that Cas will just sit and
“The hell is that?” Dean asks, leaning closer to inspect a tear in Cas’s shirt sleeve, a few inches down from his shoulder. It’s almost hidden in the red plaid pattern, but that’s definitely blood staining the fabric, a nasty looking cut visible through the frayed hole.
we’re also not gonna throw down every time some pissant gets hammered and starts talkin’ smack.” Dean sneaks a glance at Cas, finds him frowning. Dean sighs. “It’s not worth it.”
He’s perfectly content with Dean’s mouth for the moment, kissing him slow but heated. That elicits a gratifying hum of contentment from Dean, and Castiel answers with one of his own as Dean’s hands grip his shoulders, stroke down his back. Kissing Dean is always as relaxing as it is very much the opposite – his body warm and inviting, equally calming and tantalizing. It would be so easy for Castiel to lose himself in this, but he’s determined to stay focused.
Dean didn’t really think things would be so solemn, but he doesn’t mind. He feels safe being here like this with Cas. They’ve had their trust issues in the past, but they’re in this together now.
They part eventually, only a fraction, still breathing each other’s air. “Did you enjoy that?” Castiel asks, pushing his fingers through Dean’s hair.
Maybe he wouldn’t be in this predicament if he’d genuinely tried to talk about what’s on his mind instead of putting it all on Cas, as if Dean has no personal investment in things and Dean is just gamely humoring Cas’s whims. He could try to explain the stuff that seems safer, tell Cas that it’s such a goddamn turn on when Cas flips that switch – because it is, even if Dean said as much out loud yet – but Dean just knows, annoyingly astute as Cas is, he’ll eventually figure out all the other shit, the part that’s less about Cas and more about Dean and his
Dean bolts upright in his bed, tangled in the blankets. He’s still shaking, fighting back a sob, eyes welled up and spilling over. He swears he can still feel his shoulder burning from Cas’s touch.
Cas, couldn’t even tear his eyes away with how fierce his desire was, and someone like Jones would want him to feel paralyzed with shame because of it but
Dean’s seconds from begging but Cas doesn’t make him wait, just hitches Dean’s legs higher up his waist and settles into a steady but relentless rhythm. Dean can feel the reined-in force behind each twitch of his hips and he goes pliant for it, bares his neck for Cas’s mouth again. He’s thrilled that Cas isn’t holding back after his concerns from the past few days. Dean can admit there’s something flattering, something
“I’m okay,” Dean answers reflexively, and it’s not entirely a lie. Well, okay, Dean might be freaking out just a little, but Cas’s touch is soothing, and just having him here lets Dean clear his head enough to have a little perspective. He’s soldiered through way more difficult situations than this one. Everything is under control. “Let’s do this,” he says, managing a smile for Cas before following Charlie.
Instead he walks away and quietly closes the door behind him, the image of Dean’s stricken face following him like a specter as he walks through the halls, sequestering himself in the library.
get some time alone with Cas, he’d rather not have to worry about minding bruised ribs or a sprained shoulder.
But if Cas is going to be chill about this, then so is Dean, because that’s the best possible outcome he could’ve hoped for.
“I doubt that,” Cas says with a scoff of his own, then pitching his voice lower. “You always look good.”
That’s not exactly it though, for him and Cas. Dean’s definitely not bold enough for brazen affection with Cas in public, not even enough to sneak it. “Right, but like, what if—” Dean’s trying to figure out how to phrase it, to glean some information from Charlie’s perspective that he can apply to his own life. “What if you’re not even really doing anything, you’re just—”
Cas is kind enough to tone down his look of skepticism. “You seem like you have something on your mind.”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says, hushed and reverent, fingers carding through Dean’s hair again. “You’re so close, aren’t you?”
Dean almost melts into the floor with relief as he complies, almost melts again at the satisfying warmth of being under the covers with Cas. It’s a tight squeeze for the two of them, and it occurs to Dean that they
“Okay,” Dean says agreeably, quick to sway back into Cas’s space and plant a kiss on his cheek, feeling it dimple beneath his lips, and damn if that doesn’t make Dean want to smile too. “He likes my man germs.”
Dean looks to his right, taking the opportunity to give Cas a thorough once over, smiling wider when Cas’s gaze falls on him. Cas looks glorious, war paint smeared with sweat and what might be the blood of their enemies. Dean unabashedly admires his bare torso, stealing a glimpse of Cas’s powerful legs beneath his tartan kilt, biceps flexing as he sheathes his sword.
He can tell Cas is really into it too, the way he drops onto one forearm braced beside Dean’s head, his movements more urgent, his breath heavy as he curls closer and touches their foreheads together. Dean sighs Cas’s name, tapering off into a gasp as Cas kisses along his jaw, scrapes his teeth against Dean’s throat.
“Yeah, go ahead,” Dean affirms, even as his voice quavers. He’s glad he sounds certain enough for Cas to take him at his word because he
Kissing Cas never gets old for Dean, that underlying thrill rekindling, sparking to life each time, leaving him dizzy with the lingering disbelief that he gets to do this now. And when the heady rush fades away he’s left with a calmer, simmering burn, one strangely comforting and familiar, some corny and impossible feeling like
Against his every conceivable expectation, those grim thoughts are starting to fade, and he’s settling into a quieter domestic life with something that feels like contentment.
; one afternoon, Cas corners him in the bunker’s kitchen with a bowl of sliced peaches from the farmer’s market. He coaxes Dean towards the table and pulls out a chair, and Dean readily falls to his knees so he can eat the fruit from Cas’s hand. Inevitably, Cas ends up teasing Dean with his cock between bites and Dean could almost cry with relief when Cas finally slides into his mouth, but just kneeling at Cas’s feet and letting Cas dote on him is exceedingly gratifying on its own which is—huh. Okay then.
Castiel’s drawn from his trance by the shrill beep of the coffee maker, both of them glancing in its direction. “Sit,” he implores Dean. “Let me get some for you.”
“You close, Cas?” he asks, whispered against Castiel’s ear, voice slurred and satisfied in a way that stirs up a dark sense of gratification in Castiel’s chest.
Just catching sight of the scenery on the drive up to the cabin, half-hidden in the trees beside a secluded lake in the Rockies, Dean was already blown away. He could hardly take his eyes off of the mountains looming in the distance, all kinds of well-deserved hyperbole sprung to mind: pristine, majestic,
“Do you need a break?” Cas asks, pausing to run his hand over the crown of Dean’s head. Dean twists around enough to look at Cas, and he can see the concern there, the tips of his fingers wandering down to brush away the tears on Dean’s cheeks.
Castiel readily complies and brings the carton over, setting on the counter, even more pleased when Dean turns to thank him with a kiss. Dean hums into it, indulging for a long moment before pulling away, eyes wandering greedily down Castiel’s bare torso, hand tracing his chest in an appreciative caress.
Castiel’s inclined to agree. He’s seen Earth’s beauty from on high for an unfathomable number of years, but he’s never appreciated it as much as he does from this perspective, especially with Dean at his side.
For one insane moment, Dean considers pulling Cas back for a kiss, just like Cas did to him. But he doesn’t have the balls for it, just mumbles a weak, “G’night, man,” as Cas walks out of the room.
“Sorry to wake you,” Castiel says, keeping his voice low, almost intimate. “But Sam’s ready to leave. We were just waiting for you.”
Dean lets out a slow breath, contemplating what he should say to Cas, if anything, what exactly this impromptu outing has in store for him, but he’s driven from his thoughts when Cas presses in close, a warm, solid presence beside him.
The thought of Cas saying that so casually, that smug son of a bitch, just gets Dean more and more agitated the longer he sits there and dwells on it.
“Nothing,” Dean says before Jones can get a word in. “Let’s get out of here. This prick ain’t gonna help us.”
But as far as actually doing anything about it, Dean had still found himself at a loss. For all that the bunker can feel stiflingly intimate with Cas around, it isn’t actually private. Even if Sam’s not in the room, Dean’s too chicken over the possibility. There are countless moments when it’s just him and Cas, and he starts to let his guard down, but he always,
He trains his eyes on Dean’s until he looks back, holds Castiel’s gaze. The smile has slipped from Dean’s face, replaced by sober confusion. “Cas?” he asks, sounding a bit unsure, but he doesn’t protest, doesn’t move away, and Castiel takes it as a sign not to be deterred.
Castiel’s familiar with the tradition; perhaps this is one area where the conventional route suits them just fine, he thinks, taking Dean’s hand and eagerly ushering him into their bedroom.
And that, in many ways, is the crux of the changes he’s made: showing Dean that he’s committed, that this simple human life, with him, can be enough,
Dean’s more than willing but his sated body is sluggish to obey. He rolls with it when Cas maneuvers him onto his stomach, parting his thighs so Cas can climb between. “C’mon, Cas, c’mon,” he mumbles into the bedspread, won’t really be satisfied until he feels Cas coming inside him.
more than anything. He leans back and picks up his pace again when Cas starts to squirm impatiently, and Dean can’t help eyeing the mess on Cas’s hand until he lifts his fingers towards Dean’s mouth. Dean takes them in eagerly, licks them clean, shuddering in filthy enjoyment at the taste, the pads of Cas’s fingers pressing down on his tongue. He feels himself approaching the precipice, his deliberate thrusts stuttering, turning frantic. “Fuck,” he hisses when Cas’s fingers slip free, “
Just as Castiel finds his place, she and Dean appear outside, Dean backing further into the alley while she follows, watching him hungrily. Castiel’s sure she wants to devour Dean in more ways than one, that the sexual interest she’s exuding isn’t a feigned ploy to draw Dean in. She looks like the kind of creature who likes to… play with its food, intent on having a bit of fun with Dean before sinking her teeth in. Castiel almost can’t blame her, finding himself somewhat distracted by how good Dean looks in his element, alluring but ready to strike as soon as he gets his chance.
Castiel knows that’s only a throwaway remark. He makes a private, solemn promise to follow through anyway. “Good night, Dean.”
“That’s a matter of opinion,” Cas says, and when their eyes finally meet again, Dean feels his stomach flip, heart pounding again.
“Cheers,” Charlie says, bringing him back to reality. She passes him a drink just like the one she’s gotten for herself, a hurricane glass filled with something bright pink and topped with a cherry. It’s even got a little cocktail umbrella.
he’s after, Dean’ll give him one. Cas is looking at him expectantly, and, well, Dean doesn’t like to disappoint.
give him a serious case of déjà vu. Before he can make his next move, Cas is cupping his cheek, and Dean gets a brief glimpse of the fire in Cas’s eyes before he angles Dean’s face towards his and guides their mouths together again.
“So is this like our second date?” he blurts out, thinking aloud. He sort of meant it as a joke, but as soon as the words come out of his mouth he realizes that assessment isn’t so far off. That’s the territory they’re in now. Him and Cas, together. Like,
That’s when Dean wakes up, groping around on his nightstand to turn his alarm off and then scrubbing a hand over his face because
to it, and Dean might’ve thought that would take the fun out of it, the spontaneity, but that couldn’t be further from the truth – setting the tone, establishing that Cas is in charge tonight, that only has his heart pounding in his chest, mind reeling, wondering what Cas has planned.
Dean obeys as readily as he would any commander; Cas has done more to earn his trust and loyalty. He smiles to himself as Cas presses in behind him, humming and kissing Dean’s cheek, apparently pleased.
Dean is so, so screwed. This can’t be normal. Not the dream part anyway. He’s already admitted to some attraction on his part, but this goes so far beyond that and—
a nice day…” he says with a sigh, faux skepticism seamlessly transitioning into a genuine spark of intrigue.
Dean’s thought about this, tried to cobble together some fantasy image based on what little pieces of information he’s collected throughout the years. But his imagination really didn’t do Cas any justice, didn’t fully represent his sturdy frame or his tan skin. He could look like anything, really, the point is that it’s
"Are you just going to stand there and pout?" Cas pipes up, interrupting Dean's uncharitable thoughts. Cas is already pacing around the island, picking up a large piece of wood and hefting it onto his shoulder. Dean's eyes are drawn to the flex of his biceps before he looks away and frowns again. Show off.
, utterly safe and totally cared for, all the things he couldn’t articulate to Cas or even to himself suddenly so much clearer. He’ll have to tell Cas, someday, try to explain what this actually means to him, but right now that’s just too much to ask of him in his overstimulated state.
“I musta made a great first impression,” Dean quips, but he’s fully appreciating it now, that Dean was at his absolute lowest and Cas still saw something in him.
Cas doesn’t say anything. Dean tells himself he couldn’t possibly see disappointment in Cas’s eyes, because there’s no chance that Cas would want him in a more serious way. He’s just feeling out these base human urges. And Dean’s fine with that, of course, because it’s really much simpler this way. Dean was just letting his mind run away with him before, thinking this thing with them was going to go anywhere. Damn, these dreams are really messing with his head.
And it’s not like Dean doesn’t get where Cas is coming from. Dean knows some random chick isn’t going to turn Cas’s head, but he’s not exactly thrilled when someone makes a pass at Cas right in front of him.
Cas’s face goes serious too as he steps closer and squeezes Dean’s hand. “If I ever step out of line, will you tell me right away?”
“Cas,” Dean gasps. Castiel can read the urgency in his voice clearly, how he’s so worked up already, just from the thought of what’s to come. He rolls his hips to meet each stroke of Castiel’s fingers, needing Castiel to give him more. He can’t stand to be teased anymore, and frankly, Castiel can’t take this for much longer either.
that I can’t help myself.” Damn, he’s only blushing more furiously now, but at least he made it through the explanation in one piece.
That swoop in his stomach returns tenfold, and there’s a long moment where he’s sure he couldn’t possibly have heard that right. He fights the urge to have Cas clarify what he’s asking for, what he’s
Sam excuses himself with a laugh and more heartfelt congratulations, the affection on Dean’s face growing warmer and softer now that he and Castiel have true solitude. Dean fists his hands in the collar of Castiel’s shirt and drags him in again, presses their mouths together slow and heated. Castiel savors the taste of him, his sweet mouth even sweeter from sugar and vanilla, the faint tang of liquor.
He spills into Cas’s hand with a punched-out groan, would double over from the overwhelming pleasure of it if not for Cas so easily holding him in place. He kind of wants to watch, but he can’t keep his eyes open. He knows that Cas is doing enough watching for the both of them, probably enraptured by the obscene mess he’s made of Dean.
Dean’s stomach jolts pleasantly at the idea. It’s not a totally surprising thing for Cas to say – he’s been picking up the less clinical pillow talk with alarming speed and he’s got no shame about using it. And, well, he’s got no shame about
“Oh, I’m sure you will,” Cas says when he starts to gather up the cards. “I can go easy on you if you want, though,” he adds, shifting into a sly grin and
Eventually, Dean sinks back to earth and sags against Cas, letting out a slow, contented sigh. Almost too soon he feels the cool tingle of Cas’s grace wash over him, cleaning him to a more presentable state – but not entirely immaculate, Dean can’t help but notice, clothes still rumpled, collarbones still shining with sweat.
And sure, he phrases that like a joke as he always does, but it’s not even remotely an exaggeration. He’s still restless from adrenaline like he’s the one who threw a punch, keyed up from watching Cas deck that asshole in his fat mouth.
Finally, after they have dinner together, the atmosphere almost unbearably charged, Cas makes his move. He corners Dean at the kitchen sink the second the table is cleared, his hands slipping under Dean’s shirt, mouth passionately pressed against Dean’s. “Let’s go to the bedroom,” he suggests, lips grazing Dean’s jawline.
Cas kisses him only briefly, and it feels like a reward just as much as an unbearable tease. Dean wonders if Cas is… testing him, somehow. If that’s the case, Dean definitely wants to pass. He goes pliant for Cas, relaxing into the sheets, waiting for Cas’s next move. Letting go completely feels so good it’s almost indescribable, trusting Cas enough to hand him the reins. When they kiss again, Dean readily parts his lips for Cas’s tongue, takes everything he offers but doesn’t do anything Cas hasn’t told him to do.
“What are you thinking now?” Cas asks, soft and sincere, the self-satisfaction at bay for the moment.
hanging from the doorjamb, one that doesn’t have any warding or protective purposes that Dean knows of –
Dean knows what this is about, Cas’s insistence that he allows himself to have nice things without feeling guilty, to accept that he’s worth it. Dean tries to duck his head but finds himself unable to with Cas’s strong grip. “Yes, sir,” he mutters.
He strides over and flips the latch beneath the door handle, the lock slipping into place with a satisfying click. “It seems to be working fine,” he says, the perfect picture of seriousness. “I don’t think there’s any way for someone to get in here,” he adds, a trace of a smirk on his face and a gleam in his eye that would be virtually undetectable if Dean weren’t looking so closely, if he didn’t know Cas so well. Cas is definitely picking up what he’s laying down.
“Cas,” Dean gasps when he has miles of skin bare to his touch, Cas’s heated, reverent words in his ear, overcome by bliss and fulfillment like he’s never known or could ever aspire to. “
He snags a bottle of water from the fridge, downing half of it in one swig and leaning against the counter while he catches his breath. He presses the cold plastic to his forehead; it feels ridiculously good against his flushed face, but it doesn’t do much to calm the rest of his body down. Last time a dream got him this worked up, he took the edge off before he even had the chance to think about it. This time he just has to… wait it out.
And lord knows they’ve kind of done this unofficially before, but now it’s for real, there’s a sense of
Castiel is aware of the way Dean reacts to him, the way Dean looks at him—behavior that he could easily write off as nothing,
,” Dean gasps, letting out a sob when Cas stops, much closer to the precipice than the first time. Cas gives him a minute to breathe, kissing his temple and stroking his hair.
It’s not like Cas has suddenly gotten over these feelings. Dean can say that with certainty, because he’s not blind and Cas isn’t subtle. Just the slight pinch of his brow or the clench of his jaw would be enough to give him away, but he’s also compelled to just…
fun? The familiar thrill is still there, even though the context is new, and Dean knows immediately that that brief taste of it wasn’t nearly enough.
Dean will never understand how Cas can pack so much sincerity into those two words. “That’s…” Dean swallows. “That’ll work then.” It’s probably okay for tonight. “For now,” he adds, unsure of where this boldness is coming from, his fantasies spiraling out of control now. A proper “safeword” doesn’t feel totally necessary at this juncture, but he’s compelled by the idea that it could be, that Cas could get him to a place where it all gets so overwhelming that he could mistake pleasure for discomfort, that he might hiss out a
Cas’s hand slides into Dean’s hair, tightening into a fist and tugging – not hard, just enough to make sure Dean’s paying attention. “I asked you if you deserve a reward,” he says, voice calm, authoritative but infinitely patient. “Do you?”
feelings if he thinks about it too long, realizing the thrill he gets from being so overtly desired might stem from somewhere a little deeper. Dean’s used to being wanted for an hour or two, maybe overnight or through the weekend if he’s lucky. Someone wanting to…
And now that they’re finally here, that thought speaks up loud and clear above the haze of nerves and exhilaration: he
Christ, if he thought the situation with Cas was delicate before, he’s got a lot to look forward to. Fantasiz—
“Fine,” Dean relents with an exaggerated sigh. “If you wanna do it so bad I won’t stop you,” he adds, grin slipping into a smirk. “Who’s the lumberjack now, huh?”
Dean suspects that Cas will initiate this time, now that the seeds of that particular idea have been planted, knows that Cas is probably gathering information, making sure that they do this right, will come to Dean when he’s ready. Dean can try to be patient.
He can see it more clearly than ever, what Dean’s been hinting at but not explicitly saying – or maybe he has been saying it outright, as much as one can expect from Dean, but Castiel’s been too focused on berating himself for struggling with his composure consider if that struggle was even truly necessary in the first place.
, Dean reeling from the impact, whining low in his throat, tensing as Cas maddeningly makes him wait for the next smack. Sometimes Cas switches things up with a group of quick, light swats, the cumulative sting more than enough to get Dean panting, groaning weakly.
And okay, he’s got Dean there. Unconvincing story or not, they’ve ignored headlines like this before, even
The silence sits heavily for a moment as Dean mulls over Cas’s words and decides that yes, he knows exactly what Cas is implying here. He winds his fingers tight in the fabric of Cas’s shirt, leans in, and kisses him.
when they’re finally alone, when they can drop the guise of friendly professionalism and go back to being themselves.
Dean clears his throat and Cas’s eyes lock onto his for a moment before languidly traveling along Dean’s body, and Dean swears he can almost feel Cas’s gaze like the physical touch he’s so needy for. He’s got Cas now, he’s almost
Dean only gets an indecent groan from Cas in response, one he swiftly echoes when Cas’s cock slides inside him
“Awww,” he drawls, leaning close to Cas and watching eagerly for a reaction. “Wasn’t that nice of her to offer a reward for a job well done?”
They’re ready to hit the road a few days later, and although Dean’s pretty sure he and Cas have an unspoken understanding about what they’re hoping for, he’s still thrilled that Cas tags along. When they roll into Lebanon, Dean immediately heads for a long overdue shower, indulging in the hot spray until he finally feels some of his stiff muscles start to unlock. He emerges from the bathroom, half-worried he’ll find that Cas has disappeared on him again, that things between them aren’t as fixed as he thought, but when he steps into his bedroom, Cas is there waiting. He’s lounging on Dean’s bed, coats and tie discarded, collar unbuttoned, sleeves rolled up to expose his thick, tan forearms and
of it all has him so wound up he’s about to burst, makes him come so hard and so fast that he doesn’t even think to be quiet about it, and if he weren’t already falling over the edge, the faintly smug look he catches on Cas’s face would absolutely have gotten him there.
“Good for you,” Sam replies with a tight smile, bordering on a grimace. “Could you at least put some music on, or—”
Dean licks his lips and nods, returns Cas’s heavy stare to convey that his message is received and reciprocated, that whatever was brewing between them right now can be put on pause because it’ll be
Dean can admit to himself that that’s a perfectly reasonable point, but he sure as hell doesn’t admit it to her. He rolls his eyes instead, putting the last stack of t-shirts away and closing the dresser drawer with an air of finality. “Pass.” He doesn’t have nearly enough energy to be dealing with this right now, he decides, leaving his bedroom in search of food. If he’s going to be harassed all afternoon, he might as well do it with a full stomach.
“I suppose,” Cas replies. Whatever’s going on in his head is still a mystery, but he does look at least slightly appeased at the thought of being alone with Dean in a motel room.
Then he settles back onto the pillows and gathers Dean in his arms, Dean curling into him readily, burying his face against Castiel’s chest. Castiel has missed this, was denied this intimacy, one he especially favors, the last time they were together. He feels a surge of pride and relief that Dean feels comfortable enough to do this.
Castiel laughs, overcome with affection, giving into the urge to reach out and let his fingers graze Dean’s cheek, heart pounding when Dean readily leans into the touch, letting Castiel cradle his face in his palm. “Let’s eat then.”
this time. Dean’s expression is still unreadable, but it’s clear enough now that it isn’t anything good, his words not at all like any other night he’d broach the subject of Castiel staying, usually so warm and
Cas rubs his chin, as if in thought. It’s a perfectly harmless (and surprisingly human) gesture, but Dean’s eyes are immediately drawn to the way Cas’s arm flexes as he reaches up, to the dark shadow of his stubble, his long fingers grazing his lips. Dean’s gaze helplessly drops to the waistband of Cas’s pants—which seem to be slipping lower by the second, baring his sharp hipbones—before flicking back up again, admiring the broadness of Cas’s shoulders.
Cas smiles at him, slow and indulgent, and Dean feels arousal spark anew in his belly, even though he’s too wrung out to even consider doing something about it. Cas hums, hand resting against Dean’s neck, thumb tracing along his chin. “That was fun,” he says, a bit smug, but Dean thinks he’s earned that.
, too close for Dean to not have it constantly on his mind, like he always does when they share a room.
, but…” Just like that Dean’s feeling insecure again, struggling to find the words to plead his case.
in his jacket, Dean thinks dizzily, and then he can only imagine the kind of trouble they’ll get into.
Dean starts to walk away but stops abruptly because Cas isn’t budging, staring Jones down with mistrust written all over his face.
Maybe Dean’s pining for something he can’t really have, or shouldn’t want in the first place, but those moments when Cas truly snaps are fucking glorious. That’s what he keeps hoping for, that someone will blatantly hit on him or touch him or do
If Cas is bothered by Dean’s ogling he doesn’t show it, just smiles faintly when he catches him, even as Dean’s face is on fire. Cas climbs into his own bed but Dean hesitates again because… well, maybe they shared last night, but it doesn’t seem right to
Charlie seems to take his silence as confirmation. “Yeah, so, surprise, maybe you can’t undo decades of repression overnight? But that’s okay, Dean, that’s not your fault. It can take a long time to get the hang of the whole
Dean sighs as Castiel caresses his chest, tapering off into a hiss as Castiel swipes his thumb across one of Dean’s nipples, lingers there and rolls it between his fingers as Dean stifles a curse. Castiel wastes no time trailing lower, pressing a gentle kiss to Dean’s stomach, the delicate skin of his inner thigh. Dean squirms at the brush of Castiel’s unshaven cheek, parting his legs wider to encourage Castiel’s attentions. It isn’t always easy for Dean to admit that he’s allowed to feel good, to want something like this and to have it, so Castiel is pleased to see Dean letting go and so openly enjoying himself. Castiel is rather enjoying himself as well.
Dean swears as his own project starts to list to the side again, eyes Cas's perfectly upright structure in his peripheral vision. "Can't get my walls to stand up for shit," he grumbles aloud.
Castiel works his hand in just a bit deeper, faster, matching the pace of Dean’s strokes. “Fuck,” Dean groans at the sensation. “
When Dean returns, he sweeps into the room with purpose, sliding back onto his chair. “I was thinking,” he announces. “Teenagers are always blabbing about their lives online, right?”
He’s been trying to parse it for a while now, on both their parts, the difference between romantic affection and unabashed desire. Dean can scarcely tell where one ends and the other begins, but he eventually realizes that when it comes to Cas, when it comes to the two of them here, in this moment, they’re basically one and the same.
a body count, only to circle back a week later with two more corpses to deal with and a lot of time wasted.
Dean doesn’t quite register that he’s in front of a mirror until he starts to watch the path of Cas’s other hand as it trails up his torso, teasing a nipple through his shirt and eventually – almost too briefly – wrapping around Dean’s throat. He doesn’t apply any pressure, really, but just the image of it, the feeling of Cas’s strong fingers there, is a shock to Dean’s system, cock twitching and leaking in Cas’s grasp. Then Cas’s hand keeps going, and Dean instinctively wants to close his eyes against the sight of his own face streaked with come, but Cas obviously wants him to watch; he doesn’t command him out loud, but it’s implied well enough when Dean’s eyes start to slip closed and Cas nips the back of his neck to keep him focused, hard enough to leave a mark that Dean won’t really get to look at later—that one’s all for Cas. Dean shivers at the fervor in Cas’s gaze when they lock eyes in the mirror, that unspoken understanding that he wants Dean to see how good Cas gets him off, fingers gathering some of the mess smeared across Dean’s lips then shoving inside, pressing against Dean’s tongue.
“You feel amazing,” Cas murmurs, voice hitching. “I love being inside you,” he breathes, trails his touch down Dean’s torso, strokes him confidently with a wide, calloused hand, sends him hurtling over the edge with a deep moan and a shudder. Dean’s shaking as he comes, breath labored – just about
annoyed that she didn’t get them a harder drink. He doesn’t mind slowing down, wants Cas too bad to risk either of them being too uncoordinated to actually act on that when they get home. Besides, he doesn’t want to be so out of it that he forgets the whole thing either. It doesn’t matter how many times he’s been with Cas, each time, every second they’re together is worth remembering, in Dean’s opinion.
Later, after Cas has conked out curled around him, Dean lies awake for a while, a strange mixture of satisfaction and lingering unease churning in his stomach. He cuddles closer to Cas, willing his racing mind to settle, thankful for Cas in his bed, disappointed in the world, hoping it all makes more sense tomorrow.
Dean can see Charlie grin in his peripheral vision, and he knows he’s made a mistake: engaging with her has given her an opening, and she’s ready to pounce and close the deal. “For real?” she asks, eyebrows raised. “You know there’s a place like a half hour from here, right?”
makes him nervous. Castiel aches to reach out to him and sooth his worries, but he’s determined to let Dean have his say first, on his own terms.
Dean’s still panting, faintly trembling as Castiel twitches through the last few aftershocks, hissing as Castiel pulls out and rolls onto the mattress beside him. Castiel glances over, intending to gather him close, if Dean doesn’t beat him to it and wriggle up next to him, but Dean’s still on his side of the bed, eyes distant, glazed over.
“Hey,” he says, diving into things without really thinking it through. “Uh. I was just— wondering,” he trails off vaguely, realizing he has no plan of how to approach this. There’s a reason he never talks about these things. Then again he’s never had anyone in his life who’d actually understand. He’s still getting used to being able to discuss this stuff with Charlie, that there’s so much more to delve into, so many questions he needs answered.
When Dean finally ducks into the tent, Cas’s squire, as discreet as ever, leaves with a nod of Dean’s head.
that’s so good, even just that tiny bit of friction, especially with the perfect pressure of Cas’s fingers wrapped around him.
“Oh?” Castiel asks, trace of a mischievous smile forming on his face. “You mean this kinda stuff?” he asks casually, hand sliding from Dean’s waist to his backside and giving it a firm squeeze.
“And, yeah, you’ve got way more catching up to do,” Charlie adds, “But you’ve come really far already,” she says earnestly. “I hope you realize that.”
That level of authenticity that lets him truly indulge in the fantasy of Cas needing to claim Dean for himself, for all the world to see.
thing. Plenty of people never even get close.” She snorts and smiles sadly. “Even I still have my moments where I wanna keep things on the down-low.”
Dean startles as Cas suddenly appears behind him while he’s perusing the breakfast foods. Dean had lost track of Cas when he’d wandered off somewhere near the packaged cookies two aisles ago, and now he’s back just in time to police Dean’s shopping.
That bolsters Dean’s confidence, that reminder that Cas is just as stupidly into him as he is to Cas, and with one smooth motion he follows Cas’s lead and lets the last garment separating them slip to the floor.
By the time the case is over, Dean’s looking better than he had when they’d started. It’s not unusual for him to perk up at the prospect of heading home, but he’s also looking significantly more well-rested than he does after a long week of work. Castiel’s grown used to him shuffling to the car still haggard and gray, even the relief of a job well done not quite enough to cut through his exhausted prickliness.
Dean lives for that look Cas gets in his eyes sometimes, that ferocity that comes from a raw, honest place and leads to Dean being utterly destroyed afterward rather than just pleasantly turned on. He’s dismayed to realize he’s been seeing it less and less, nowadays.
“Okay.” His own voice sounds false, far away. “I will.” Castiel’s clean and dressed with a thought, desperately wants to take it one step further and simply vanish from the room.
Cas juiced up in all his angelic glory is definitely a beautiful thing to witness, but there’s something about seeing him like this, casual and relaxed, turning off that immense power, that appealed to Dean too. It didn’t make him weaker, just… more accessible, no longer the untouchable, unknowable divine creature that Dean had met all those years ago.
Cas winds his fist in Dean’s hair faster than a blink, getting his attention. “You are,” he insists, a slight growl that brooks no argument. “For me you are. When we’re like this.”
Only the lightest pressure of Cas’s hand on his shoulder has Dean falling to his knees, feeling surprisingly at home on a bathroom floor, between a wall and Cas’s solid body.
Castiel could easily watch him all night, but he knows that Dean would find that ‘creepy’. Then again, Castiel ponders with some amazement, Dean did invite this, welcomed Castiel’s presence and his touch and his watchful gaze – all of it easily lulling Dean into a deep sleep, hardly a twitch or noise of distress. He almost doesn’t move at all except to situate himself more solidly against Castiel’s side.
He meets Castiel’s gaze, and Castiel can see the guilt settling in. Castiel steadily maintains the eye contact, waiting for Dean to continue.
“You do,” Dean adds eventually. “But I mean more of—” His words start to fail him, so he takes Cas’s hand again, swallowing hard when he meaningfully looks Cas in the eye.
Dean gestured at Jack to explain. Putting down his pencil reluctantly, Jack met Sam’s eyes. “It’s a…mirrored creature,” he said timidly. “Its scales help it catch prey.”
You let me pick what to do, and the music in the car, and you’re telling me that—that—that I don’t have to—”
Dean rolled his eyes at his little brother and shoved him out of the kitchen. The three of them found Jack in his room, reading a book that the first Jack had cherished. It was called
The building was massive, with little spirals decorating the corners of the roof. Carved friezes splayed out under stained glass windows, the frames curled up in wrought iron vines. Dean glanced over at the backseat; Jack was slightly slack-jawed, his wondrous stare flitting over every detail. In the passenger seat, Sam was looking through the brochure, picking out exhibits to visit.
Jack kept quiet, but put up a hand in his awkward wave. Sam’s eyes visibly brightened at the motion. Dean put his coffee mug down.
would I do that when we can have so much fun?” whines the Devil. “Let’s do your hair! We can pull out the strands one by one. I’ll make a rope, and hang you from the ceiling fan.”
He was inside a mirror copy of the broken church, but this church was missing the entire back wall. Out through the crumbling beams, Dean saw a deep blue sky, peppered with smoking red stars. Under the sky, on the cold, hard floor, lay a pile of bodies. Dean saw the soft glint of a policeman’s radio, the dangling bracelet of a teenage girl, the bright yellow tennis shoes of a kid—all the missing people, right here. Dead.
Holding up a black and white x-ray, she began: “Here’s his results. I don’t see any ligament or nerve damage, which is excellent, and right here”—she ran her finger up the picture—“is a small area of damaged muscle tissue. If he gets plenty of rest and doesn’t overuse or strain the area, it should heal up pretty well. I recommend physical therapy once he’s better stabilized. Right now I’m the most worried about his oxygen intake.”
Sam begrudgingly looks up. The ceiling fan spins languidly, blades of iron dripping innards onto the white sheets of Sam’s bed, staining them red, red, red.
One day, he built a corkboard that he’d found on Pinterest (not that he’d tell anyone) and put it up in the library. Taped on it with spare Band-Aids were all the pictures he used to keep hidden in his drawer; Mary in all her lioness-like glory, Sam in his baby-faced youth, the first Jack smiling around a mouthful of nougat, Charlie holding up her computer, Kevin with his AP congratulatory certificate, Bobby throwing a book at the camera, Ellen and Jo smiling happily from behind the Roadhouse bar, and Garth’s family baring fangs in mock growls. There were new photos, too, of Jack and Cas playing an intense Scrabble game, Sam’s terrible attempt at a cartwheel, and Dean laughing over the newspaper comics.
Sam stops shaking his head and focuses on a loose thread on the hem of his shirt. If he unravels his shirt, maybe he’ll have a long string. What can he do with a long string?
In the doorway, Jack stood with rings of orange flickering, as if he and Cas were having a standoff. He was fully dressed, complete with the brown patterned jacket that the sheriff had given the original Jack. Dean thought about that Jack, and how clueless he had been at first—how he’d copied Dean’s every move in a crash course of being human. Then the orange and blue lights died out. The new Jack reached towards his own throat as if remembering the feeling of Cas’s grace from last night.
One photo that wasn’t in the library was framed and hung on the wall of Dean-and-Cas’s room: Cas and Dean, standing close together with the beach in the background. Cas was saying something to Dean in the picture, which he was grinning wildly at. Two days after Sam snapped the photo, Cas had come up to Dean uncertainly, hands in his pockets.
Jack unfolded Dean’s arms and sat a few feet away, curling around his ribs. His fingers shook surreptitiously at the edge of the bandage.
Jack went still. “Of course,” he said after a moment. His eyes flicked down to the floor, but he raised them to meet Dean’s. “Yes,” he said quietly.
“The only part worth reading,” Dean grumbled. He only held the scowl for a second before Sam made a face and he laughed. “Anyways, I’m taking the kid to a museum,” he said.
“We had pie,” Jack said distractedly, adding lines to his drawing. “The other version of you favoured banana cream.”
why am still writin this, av got work, a life. but instead, have a last chapter. time for some fluff. Do leave kudos/comments if ye want more stories, a haven’t got ideas of me own
Winchester Auto had become Dean’s peaceful little corner, far away from hunting and demons and things that went bump in the night. Of course, he had only been here for seven months, and made the shop in the last three, but every day spent working at the garage was like a breath of fresh air. Every so often, Sam would come by to steal some food or tell him about a case he was working on, and Dean would imagine joining him. Then he would remember why he left, and his shoulder would flare at the memory.
“Well, I don’t know how to do that,” Sam said gently, sitting at the counter. “But I can make a pretty good omelette. You sure you’re not hungry?”
Cas steadied Dean with one hand while the other covered his shoulder, glowing with that beautiful blue. Dean felt his tendons move, the muscle tissue strengthen and repair itself. It might be highly uncomfortable if not for Cas’s soothing, ethereal presence.
“I’m alright, Dean,” says the angel. “I…overworked myself. My ‘mojo’ needs to recharge.” He accompanies his words with singular air quotes.
The shirt (you’ll know which shirt LOL) was inspired by a fic by ‘shadowhuntingdauntlessdemigod’ which I did bookmark so go read that it’s quite fluffy and a cure to the pain and Jack’s book is my own invention, blah blah
The teenager from the day before stood outside the shop, mouth open in astonishment. A Hydroflask spilled coffee on the pavement.
And thus ends the story of the green-eyed demon and its inevitable defeat at the hands of the three Winchesters.
Jack’s eyes, to Dean’s horror, misted over. “I'm fine,” Jack insisted, though his voice and posture betrayed him. “Please, I’ll help you.”
The brothers chuckle briefly, and Cas just sits there. Dean starts to explain (“I was using my sarcastic voice, Cas”) but ends up just doffing an imaginary hat and leaving to the kitchen.
The awkward silence stretched out, broken only by the sounds of chewing. Jack put down his fork, leaving half the food on his plate. When Dean tried to get him to eat more, he pushed the plate away.
“Uh, so what do you think happened?” he asked, pulling his eyes away from the monstrous mustache. “We heard they went to look at the old church?”
Rowena moved her hands over Sam’s body, eyes purple with power. “I’m sorry, Dean,” she said. “If that wisp is still lingering, there’s nothing you can do.”
A fiery orange light burst through the boards, throwing the brothers to the ground. Dean’s head slammed back onto the dirt. Beside him, he could hear Sam wheeze slightly over the static. The wind picked up and dead leaves swirled in a wild dance around the men. The light went brighter—
Dean unscrews the thick iron frame of the window, letting it down with a soft clang. He leans in, holding out a hand. “C’mon, Sam, if you get up on the bed I can pull you out.”
Dean looked up to see Sam’s eyes filling with tears. “Hey, come on now, none of that.” He reached up to wipe a stray tear from Sam’s face.
Sam shook his head, then seemed to regret it. “They left me alone eventually. The demon—” he cut himself off with a harsh breath. “It said I wasn’t you, so it let me go.”
Dean had been so busy with the new version of Jack that he had almost forgotten the hole in his heart. Now, as the morning settled into a calm routine, the space beside him was like a slap in the face.
And indeed, the angel’s grace was restored, which ceased his mortality and therefore need for sleep or food. Dean felt almost melancholy at the thought; he knew Cas was excited to be powerful again, but Dean would miss sharing the bedroom and cooking dinners for two. Now that Castiel was returned, surely he would go back to Heaven or somewhere, wouldn’t he?
“The other version of him—we didn’t get along.” Jack kept his eyes down. “This version of you is even nicer than the other Dean, but you’re—the core of you, it’s the same.”
In a few minutes, they were pulling into the Highway 107 Gas n’ Sip, where Dean parked in the farthest corner. There wasn’t really any use; the gas station parking lot was completely deserted. Inside the station, a singular bored employee had their back turned, focused on a small black and white television.
Suddenly, the static buzzing startled him, the orange light flickering. Dean whipped around. The rift pulsed, smaller, smaller, and winked out.
“With you?” says Lucifer, his breath hot on Sam’s scalp. “I make a great cuddle buddy. I call big spoon though.”
With nothing more to say, Dean nodded and led the way outside. The brothers stood on the sidewalk in front of the police station, at a slight loss of what to do.
Dean swallowed hard. Whatever dregs of laughter were gone now. The green-eyed demon was back, and something told Dean it wasn’t going to stop until he was dead.
The two began to walk towards the map room, or the common area. Dean pondered. He didn’t know if he should suggest hanging out with Sam. Clearly, Jack still wasn’t comfortable around the giant-sized Winchester, but if Dean was there…
Behind Dean, the sound of Sam hitting the floor made him turn. Luckily, Sam had only sunk to his knees. Suspended between his brother and his kid, Dean had a terrifying moment of indecision before leaning over to Sam, shaking his shoulder. “Hey, Sammy,” he said. “What’s going on? Talk to me.”
Pressing his forehead to the crackling weeds on the ground, Dean let out a hoarse sob. Dead bodies he had gotten used to, but Cas? Even when he had first buried the seraph’s cold vessel, it hadn’t been like this. The decaying mess on the grass seemed to be a final declaration; terrible, stark proof that Cas was really gone.
“You’ve been saying that this whole week,” Dean pointed out. “It hasn’t been easy on me either, but you have to take care of yourself. Look, Jody called and said she’s got a job in Iowa—”
“Okay, thank you,” sniffed the teenage girl on the phone. “I’m already in trouble though, so I’ll pick up the car tomorrow.”
At the doorway, Sam’s face was pure heartbreak. Dean waved him away with his hand and he scooted into the hallway, out of sight.
“Know how to handle it?” Dean guessed. He could relate. When Dean had first come back from Purgatory, the normal, everyday routines seemed so terribly mundane and yet overwhelming. He had reverted to functioning on autopilot, except that his autopilot had changed in Purgatory to become constantly moving, constantly on fighting edge. The slow hop from motel to motel had been both relief and torture. Dean could only imagine what Jack had gone through. The sudden shift from one world to another was probably one of the most terrible things to happen to the kid.
Dean looked at Sam, who nodded subtly at the Nephilim. Jack swayed on his feet, obviously unhappy but resigned. He let himself fall onto the couch again.
Castiel reunites wi Sam an sort of meets the new Jack. Some mystery is resolved an we get some domestic bliss…
The clock ticked towards midnight as Cas fed Andromeda guinea pig pellets. She squeaked in thanks, snuffling in the hay they’d laid down in her cage. Cas grinned and scratched her head.
Dean noticed his hands were shaking. He inhaled deeply and exhaled, keeping eye contact with that virile blue.
Jack let out a strained breath, prodding his ribs. “Fine,” he gritted. He eased himself horizontal again, closing his eyes. Sam turned back around.
Sam nods, and the doctor lets go of his wrists. Sam covers his head. His hair snags on the folds of the bandage wrapping his hand. The bandage needs changing.
Jack looked confused. Sam treaded into the library, carefully balancing a brimming water glass. Dean helped Jack to the sofa and bolted down the stairs, not even stopping to say a word to Sam, who turned as if to ask a question.
, resting his cheek on one of the happy printed bees on the pillowcase. Cas perched on his own matching duvet, still in his trench coat.
Also damn, I didn’t mean for this to hit so close to home. To myself, that is. Jack has some problems with his newfound freedom in the new world and the kindness of this version of his three dads. was not expecting to project this much onto these characters but o course a did. Haha!
The three of them walked down the steps of the Bunker with varying degrees of trepidation. Dean was irrationally afraid that another freakout or some other emergency had happened to Jack. He could tell that Sam was afraid of it as well, his jaw working slightly as he walked.
Sam laughed, digging through one of the bags. “I got pie,” he said. “Just this once. Thought we should introduce Jack to your greatest love.”
The parking lot was half-full, mostly tour buses and minivans. Dean snorted to himself when he noticed a van with a sticker on the side that read,
“Hello dears,” said Rowena. Clad head to toe in brilliant chiffon, she cut a slim figure against the outline of the door. “What’s the problem?”
can. I did it once, in my world. Lucifer”—he shuddered—“had to be brought back to kill a few rogue shadow monsters. We killed him again, but—I got him out.”
Sam complied blearily, leaning half his weight on Dean. They left through the damp hallway, ignoring the doctor’s unhappy face. Cas trailed behind them.
“You are full of surprises,” Sam said, shaking his head. “Well, you guys have fun. I’ll…be here.” He sat down again, pulling up local news sites on the computer.
Dean realized Sam was cradling his right arm close to his ribs, his broad shoulders uneven. Dean winced in sympathy. “On three,” he said.
Cas stood up and fetched a glass of water from the kitchen, putting it down on the coffee table. Dean tried to smile in thanks. Cas patted him and moved into the next room, where a dozen or so lore books were hidden under a floorboard.
“You’re better,” said Jack. He nodded decisively, as if agreeing with some part of himself that Dean wasn’t privy to. “You’re both better.”
The righteous man, his little brother, an angel, and a Nephilim sat at the table, trading stories, jokes, and laughter far into the blessed night.
The clock ticks, ticks, ticks, until finally it chimes with a sickeningly cheerful chirrup. Twelve o’clock, on the dot. The blueish light of the moon highlights the beige walls, turning them a mind-numbing oatmeal colour.
The battered Honda Civic was on its side, knocked off its platform by a single, glowering wisp. Instantly aiming his firearm, Dean stepped forward.
Dean reflected on the kid in his arms. From a sodden world full of evil creatures to a slightly less sodden world full of evil creatures, Jack had, in a way, returned to the Winchesters. The first Jack would always be their son, but maybe the second Jack could be, too. Dean already knew he would fight for this Jack; in more ways than one. The second Jack had a lot of healing to do, as did the rest of the Bunker’s inhabitants. Dean knew things had to change, and that change needed to start with himself.
After a few brief words with the doctor, Dean and Cas stepped into Sam’s room. The medics had given him an IV. Cas reached towards Sam, his eyes flickering valiantly.
Sam gave a tired thumbs up. Whatever was in the IV seemed to have calmed him down. He was nearly asleep. While Dean had been outside in the hallway speaking with the doctor, someone else had come in and stitched up his head. The white dressing stood out against Sam’s hair, curving around like a weird partial-headband. There was no blood soaking through, though, and Dean counted that as a win.
An unearthly sound worked its way into the air, wrapping around the inside of Dean’s brain. Dean covered his ears and watched in horror as Sam’s eyes glowed green. It was a rather dim green, more forest green than the bright emerald of the demon, and Dean realized that this was one of the demon’s wisps.
Dean opened his arms tentatively, and Jack crashed into a hug. Dean patted him on the back, letting the kid cry softly.
Sam had quieted, keeping his arms wrapped around his torso and his forehead pressed firmly to his knee. He was back to shallow breaths, but luckily they seemed even. Dean tore into his fingernails with his teeth as he waited for the ambulance.
“So, Jack,” Sam said, clearing his throat. Jack tensed, almost imperceptibly. “What do you want to do now?”
Dean draped the orange knit throw over his long brother and stood, feeling exhausted. Cas squeezed his palm. He smiled back and kicked off his boots, taking a moment to untie Sam’s as well.
Sam retched and curled into himself tighter. Dean cautiously put a hand on his back. “Sam? Can you sit up for me, buddy?”
After a moment, Dean dropped his hand. “This is bull.” He turned around and stormed to his bedroom, expecting Sam to leave it.
The love letter; the emotions…also, Dean takes Jack out for the day, because we neit that. This chapter is rather long compared to the rest o them.
“I was thinking about salmon, actually,” Dean said. “It might be nice to have a change once in a while.”
