The elder Holmes' right eyebrow twitched. Sherlock knew his brother had something of a soft spot for the lanista. He'd always been jealous through Sherlock's childhood when he'd happened upon the young gladiator kneeling behind his brother to correct his stance or his grip. Sherlock had always thought it was quite pathetic; back then he'd thought he would be Emperor. If he'd wanted the older man, he could have spoken a few words and had him. Now, though, he was starting to understand his hesitation.
I would like nothing more than to marry you, my Sherlock, insane as you are. We will talk about it. Now put your hand back on my penis.
John grabbed his hair and pulled it until Sherlock, panting, surprised at the reaction in his loincloth to the gladiator forcing him, was face to face with his auctoratus in order to press their lips together again. "Please, Sherlock," he whispered against his lips. "Just do it. I will survive."
He nodded quickly, moving to stand immediately. "Of course. Take me to her." He turned to the other slave still crouched behind Mycroft and made a jerking motion to stand. "I require Watson," he told the boy, his eyes leaving him as soon as he had seen the eager nod and scanning the sparring gladiators instead. "And Angelo. Inform Lestrade that it is to do with the matter we investigated two nights ago. I will wait for them outside the arena, but they must be quick."
John Watson entered Sherlock's bedchamber hesitantly, looking around in what seemed to be wonder at the paintings on the walls and the awful bust of his father on a side-table by the door. Sherlock smirked as he saw John's gaze linger on the marble bust.
The Emperor's mouth flinched into a tiny knowing smile. "I can see through the window into the kitchen," he said smugly. John stood on his tiptoes, praying Sherlock would not notice this was necessary to peer through the window, but he could see nothing that explicitly told the younger man any of the things he had said.
would be a matter of weeks – weeks which I intend to give, I would never simply walk away from the arena. His anatomical knowledge beautifully complements the fighter's
He tried to go about things in much the way he normally did, but Mycroft glared at him enough that he took his jitters back to his chambers. That was where he was found after sundown, gazing out of the window down across the city, watching people light fires in their houses and draw water from the squares before settling down for the night. Someone had been through the room and lit a fire there as well, along with enough candles to ensure the room was well-lit. When the cursory knock on the door came, he grunted a reply without looking up.
John couldn't help a huff of amazement at the declaration. "Why?" he asked before he could stop himself.
Sherlock looked around; another young slave was fidgeting nervously with his toga beside him, slightly out of breath as though he had run there. "Yes? What is it?"
He tried to stop himself thinking about the reason John had smelt like that last night, like sweat and exertion and contentment, but it was useless. He inched his groin away from the gladiator's side instead as it began to twitch and swell, hoping the older man wouldn't notice and it would perhaps go away on its own.
The curly-haired ruler snorted too, the exhalation brushing John's hands. The intimacy of the moment overwhelmed him; of Sherlock's trust, his gentle breaths gusting against the sensitive undersides of John's wrists, the warmth of his skin bending under the pads of his fingers. He stroked the bruise tenderly, his fingers trailing up the curve of Sherlock's eyebrow and over his fluttering eyelid with the tiny strains of bruising, down the sharp, aristocratic line of his cheekbone into the dip of his cheek.
Sherlock felt himself smiling in delight. "And if I..." he rocked forwards gently, driving himself deeper into the auctoratus. John gasped. Sherlock buried his face in the stocky gladiator's neck, forcing himself to still; the movement had felt like fire. He could only imagine what a firmer motion would do. "You know, the Greeks believe such a bond between men is sacred," he remarked. "It seems they had the right idea about something."
As if to spite him, the taller man rubbed his head against John's chest and stretched indolently. "My apologies," he purred, shifting so that his groin poked against John's leg. John laughed in response, tilting his hips up so that Sherlock could feel his own arousal clearly. The other man drew in a sharp breath, staring up at him, and crawled slowly until their heads were level. "Good morning," he said softly.
Sherlock smiled back. "If we are to become intimate, I request that you call me 'Sherlock'," he said softly. The other man's eyes widened hesitantly. "And if you are comfortable, I would call you 'John'."
The gladiator hummed, rolling himself until he was splayed between Sherlock's legs, resting his chin on Sherlock's chest, underneath his folded arms. "What about when I am not training, but you are elsewhere?"
Somehow, when they had spun and he had almost fallen, John had ended up facing the Emperor's box. Sherlock was standing up, one hand in front of his mouth, the other held behind him, Lestrade's tanned fingers wrapped around his wrist as though to stop him from jumping out of the box and into the crowd.
is why I have always had the utmost respect and admiration for you," John finished, taking his hand again. "Without you, I would not have had even the time that I did with Mary."
Sherlock smiled. "Thank you," he said earnestly. "And thank you for answering my questions. I believe we are a great deal closer to discovering the reason for Mary's death."
The younger man smiled. "Apparently not," he replied easily. "Or, if I ever was, I erased it. It is not exactly relevant."
The Emperor gave him a wry smile, and then stepped boldly out from behind the boat that had hidden them from Small's view and snapped the heels of his sandals together in front of the slightly larger fishing vessel the two had commandeered. John wondered whether it was Small's, or whether they had stolen it.
He liked most of the gladiators in Lestrade's arena; they were skilled fighters and they appreciated fighting with someone whose skill rivalled their own – for the joy of fighting, not for that of killing. Nevertheless, he jumped at the first man who attempted to attack him with a challenging gleam in his eyes; parried a few blows before executing a quick flick of his wrist and disarming the gladiator, pointing the sword in his left hand at the man's throat while keeping his right hand ready in case someone attempted to attack him before the gladiator could signal surrender.
John could remember being in Sherlock's position, remember the feeling of long, dextrous fingers in his most intimate of places; he remembered the sensation of languid pleasure that had not lingered long enough to properly be felt, and so he continued the unhurried movements of his fingers until Sherlock's breathing deepened into drawn-out moans as three of John's fingers twisted and moved within him.
Mycroft, on the other hand, abhorred the games. Sherlock often wondered how his brother had grown up the way he did in the city that they lived in; he'd never met anyone else who thought quite like him. He'd managed to keep a reasonably normal appearance to their father, but to Sherlock in private he'd admitted that the bloodlust and fury that fueled the people of Rome confused, disgusted and sometimes intimidated him. Mycroft personified calm and reasonable thinking, which was useful in the tactical part of ruling the city – and half the Known World – but not terribly personable to a public ruled by passion.
For a moment the Emperor paced up and down the alley, his footsteps churning a neat oval into the sand. "Do you think Mary's mother would know?"
John stopped his smugness by tugging the loincloth away from his legs and holding it in front of Sherlock's face. "I could tie this over your eyes, now," he said slowly, stroking it between his fingers. Sherlock's mouth formed another smile even as his eyes darkened. "Or shove it into your mouth until I can no longer hear your pleas for me to move faster, to
John's hand on his toga tightened. "Take us there," Sherlock said abruptly, patting the boy gently on the back once they were level with him. "You have done excellently."
He did not bother to wait until it was over, but got to his feet and walked away while the old man was still struggling and gasping for breath; he would not live more than a minute anyway.
The older gladiator gently disentangled himself from the hug in order to frown at him. "I do not think that we should mind them," he said slowly.
Inside, the house was beginning to smell of disuse; Sherlock noted a mouse scrambling frantically across the floor when Lestrade bent to light the candles on the dresser with his torch. Cerberus saw the mouse an instant after Sherlock did; with a deep
He leapt to his feet and smashed his lips against John's, realising too late that the gladiator most likely did not want the slightly unpleasant taste of himself against his lips, but John did not seem to mind; his hands dropped immediately to ruck Sherlock's toga up around his waist and delve into his loincloth. He did not bother untying the garment, but merely shoved it down to Sherlock's thighs and eased his arousal free.
John ignored him. So he tried again. "She screamed when I cut open her stomach. It is incredible, how quickly people stop being brave when you hurt them."
was interested in everything, us gladiators no exception. When he was ten he begged me to teach him how to handle a sword. Had I known then that he would become Emperor perhaps I would not have done it." The smile on his face adopted a faraway quality; John could not help but smile with him, thinking of a young, gangly Sherlock Holmes with unruly dark curls struggling to hold up a sword. "I thought it best he knew how to handle himself. He ran around with no thought for his own safety. And I think I liked that he seemed to find me...
was the 'dominant' partner and Sherlock must be lower-status. Sherlock would have smiled had he not been so worried by the way the stocky gladiator had set his feet as though preparing for a fight. "Leave him alone," John snarled.
trust him. Apparently, though, he hadn't been quite clear enough in his declarations. And yet – if this was what Sherlock needed to make that step, then John was more than willing to give it to him.
He smiled, his fine-boned face still etched with worry; John breathed deeply and smiled back. "From here, I think we can say it was not the stomach," he said. "But I think it would be wise to summon a physician. I am hardly qualified to make a judgment."
John winced as Sherlock's knee bumped the gash on his thigh. "Please do not be sorry," he tried to say, but the Emperor was already letting him go, bending down to examine the thigh with an intent expression, his unfathomable eyes flicking worriedly up to John's face.
"Yes, I know." The lanista paused for a moment before chuckling. "But you will put it to him in a way he cannot refuse, I know you. And I am not sure he will have the strength to say no."
John closed his eyes lazily and tilted his head into Sherlock's hands. "It already is," he said gently. "Some of my most cherished memories took place in this room." He moved his head down and took a big, luxurious sniff of the sheets. "It smells like you. This room is so obviously
Lestrade watched him another moment, then sighed and slapped the Emperor lightly on the arm. "Well, the best of luck to you both," he said briskly. "Though I feel it only fair to warn you that I will be advising him to turn you down."
did that. He looked up at the arenarius, his hand flicking the loincloth off the bed and coming back to stroke up John's inner thigh. "Beautiful," he whispered, placing a gentle kiss on the tip.
Sherlock glanced at John; the gladiator wore a pained expression. So he reached back and knocked the hood back onto his shoulders.
Sherlock pushed away from John's hands, twisting on the bed so that he could look him in the eyes. "You," he said seriously.
to put John out there, into danger, to worry about him no matter how small the chance that he would not come out on top.
His finger slid in easily this time on a controlled exhale from the Emperor; John could not help but bend to press sucking kisses wherever he could, listening to the soft sounds and feeling the twitches of muscles as Sherlock responded to the oh-so-gentle movements of John's fingers inside him.
John opened his mouth, a negation visible on his lips, before Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him and he considered it, something akin to horror dawning on his face. "Perhaps," he admitted. "Claudia was always proud, and if she did not need the money to survive…"
Lestrade frowned. "I was not aware that you were, my Lord," he answered. "I simply knew that John was acquainted with him. I am sorry, I could find no-one closer to him – he has been killed."
He sounded so sure, so confident. "Would it be hypocritical of me to ask why?" he said, smiling because he knew the answer. John laughed shortly.
John smiled, so softly Sherlock could actually see it trembling a little in its earnest. "With pleasure, Sherlock."
A tiny sort of pleased smile crept across Sherlock's face. "I am glad you can separate that part of me from everything else," he replied softly. "The Emperor may be
"John," Sherlock panted, his hands turning to grip at John's shoulders, pulling him away. "John, stop."
Sherlock grunted. For a moment that was all the noise he could make; John chuckled and lightened his touch. "Um," he said. "Oh. He wants to retire."
Sherlock studied him for a moment. "Would you look at the body?" he asked carefully. "I understand if you would rather not. I can summon a physician. I wish to ascertain which of his wounds caused his death."
"Can you do that?" John asked. "I always find my mind filled with things that are not important and yet that I am unable to recall the important things."
John bit his lip. "As you wish," he said quietly, lifting joined hands as though they might help to buoy the sudden sinking of his heart. He had begun to think that perhaps his Emperor
Sherlock frowned. "I surmised where you had gone when I woke, of course," he said, shaking out his arms. "I think I would prefer you wake me in future."
They couldn't keep up the pace forever, but neither could their adversary; surely at this pace they would come close enough to board the larger boat before the strain of rowing became overwhelming. And yet, John was very aware that the huge fighter was now in a position where he had absolutely nothing to lose, and that could do wonders for a man's stamina. There was the tiniest sliver of possibility that this extra burst of frantic energy might come to the man just as John and Angelo began to flag, and it might just be enough to let him pull away from them. It was of course the merest of possibilities, but John could not help but let it fester in his mind; his own thirst for revenge might enable him to match the fevered strokes of the desperate man, but Angelo would surely not be able to keep up.
of John. "Thank you," he whispered. John chuckled. "I promise to be gentle. Would you…" he closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. "Would you rather I did not attempt to give you pleasure? I understand it may compromise you, morally."
Tonga lunged for him. John sidestepped the thrust as easily as he would avoid a charging bull. The crowd was cheering again; he registered this as though it was happening to someone else. The lunge had been clumsy, and he knew that his opponent was not a clumsy fighter. He stood still, trying to look calm and careless rather than exceedingly watchful and wary.
There were fifteen of them. Sherlock guessed that six of them were seasoned fighters, whether from previous bouts in the arena or from serving in the military in their life before the arena. Nine of them were foreign, slaves captured from a previous army's conquests elsewhere.
Sherlock smiled. "John," he said warmly. "Lestrade informs me you performed admirably in training this morning."
Sherlock snorted. "It certainly was that." He supposed that if he ignored his overwhelming panicked response from the fighter lunging for John's throat, the chase had been exciting, invigorating. If he could do that sort of thing again with John at his side – but perhaps with a criminal less personal to the both of them, one that would allow them to relax enough to enjoy the adrenaline – he would be more than content. "You were not hurt, John, were you, when he ran at you?"
It was the wrong thing to say: John's face, which had just begun to relax, tightened again. "Right," he said, keeping his eyes straight ahead and beginning to walk again.
," he said simply, his hands fluttering uselessly around John's shoulders as he sped up slightly, lifting Sherlock's hips and sliding the fabric up his torso, teasing pressure across his groin and making him groan and rock forwards.
John swallowed. Sherlock's hand found his again, clasping it tightly. "Can you read, John?" the Emperor asked quietly.
to see the hurt on the younger man's face. "What is it?" Sherlock asked. "I do sincerely believe that you and I are equals, John. Please tell me what I have done to make you think otherwise."
Angelo clapped him ringingly on the back. "That is why you have us, my Lord," he replied easily, his rich voice ill-suited to a whisper. "We are your arms."
His breath caught. "No, it will be fine," he dismissed shortly. He had promised, after all; one night for avenging Mary, one for lying with John. He didn't want to push his lover emotionally, and he knew his own body was not up to any strenuous activity after the sprint back.
The Emperor shrugged. "Exactly. Come along, Watson, or we shall leave the night behind us entirely and have got nowhere."
Claudia Morstan nodded slowly. "And… you seem to have made a great deal more progress in finding my daughter's attacker than the city lawkeepers, my Lord. Do you often follow these investigations?"
John loved the noises Sherlock made. When he had first heard the man speak he had liked the sound of his voice, deep and smooth and now, in this context, unbearably sensual. He smiled around his mouthful, redoubling his efforts to receive more uninhibited groans of his name. When finally he pulled away, working his jaw to relieve the ache, Sherlock stared up at him with wild eyes, his curls a frenzied mess around his head.
A sharp bark from the adjacent room cut him off; Sherlock cast a quick glance at John before bounding up towards the sound.
John smiled weakly in response to the gap-toothed, trusting beams the children offered him. "I am sure," he replied quietly.
Sherlock shrugged. "They will let Mrs Hudson outside the court know, and she will find a way to get it to me."
Terrifically awkward, Sherlock patted her on the back and attempted to disengage the hug. "I am not sure where you get your conviction, Mrs Morstan," he told her softly, "but I have not done much to live up to your predictions."
of it was overwhelming; no way could John hold back now, and he thought that Sherlock might actually feed him to wild animals if he did. He gasped out a desperate iteration of the Emperor's name and reached down to take hold of his purpling erection and that was it. Sherlock threw his head back in an exultant scream, his toes curling so tightly that they brushed John's back, as he shuddered with pleasure. John somehow found the presence of mind to reach up and pull the fabric tying Sherlock's wrists undone before his own climax exploded through him, blinding him to everything else until his lover's screams died down into sated whimpers and their slick, sweaty chests heaved together.
The gladiator's face softened; he stepped closer and slipped his hand neatly into Sherlock's. "No, I was not," he assured him.
"And that would be where you gained the wound to your shoulder?" the Emperor asked, one dark eyebrow arching into his hairline.
Go on, then. I would never turn down an offer like that – and Venus knows it will not take long enough for me to worry about hurting your knees. I have thought about this as well – even naked and glistening with sweat and seed you look like something precious. On your knees like this you could be praying, except that your deity, the one to whom your worshipful upwards gaze is directed, is
For a moment, the older man didn't answer. Then he started talking, his voice lower than usual, slow and steady. "Do you remember… there was a Saturnalia parade so many years ago, when Mycroft was still in line for the Empire. There was a woman who ran into the middle of your procession and tried to tug your father off his horse. Your father just ignored her; Mycroft tried to peel her away from him, but she was… and then you, little sixteen year-old you asked her what was wrong." Sherlock did remember: Mycroft had looked at him with such fury when he'd dismounted and approached the woman. As soon as he asked her why she was crying she'd let go of the horse and turned to him instead. "She told you her husband had gone missing and without his wage she and her daughter were going to starve. So you looked at her and did that thing you did to me, where you figured everything out by her clothes and posture and things. You told her that her husband was in debtor's prison."
only looked down at John and exhaled shakily, his hands trembling as they clutched at each other. John grinned cheekily at him as though to illustrate that he had no desire to speed up, certain that Sherlock would protest at the gesture.
John fell still, watching him with an odd expression on his face. "This is what you do, I know," he said softly. "With those children, the jerky and the sestertii and sending them to Mrs Hudson – you try to protect people, to keep them safe, and you think that it's a part of being Emperor, but it's a part of being
The sallow-faced lawkeeper smiled humourlessly at John. Sherlock made an impatient gesture for the gathering to follow him; when he had said that
If only so that they could all know that you are mine, and I am not sharing you with any of them. What is between us is for you and me alone. The rest of the Empire has no right to see you the way I do. The force with which I want to keep you would frighten me if I were not sure that I
"May I?" he asked, raising an eyebrow at Lestrade. Close to, his voice was a low, pleasant rumble that made something in John's chest spread warmth right down to his fingertips.
Thank Cupid's golden arrow, since I am not nearly finished with you either. Your skin feels so lovely, hot and damp with the sweat from your earlier pleasure sinking into its layers. I would be endlessly content if I could keep my hands on it forever, keep you draped across the side of me, keep your indescribable eyes fixed on me with that expression forever.
"Him," Sherlock breathed, leaning over the edge of the box, green-grey eyes blazing and fixed on the dimachaerus staring determinedly back up at him. "I want him."
"I am certain that if it helps to find the people that killed Mary, she will help us," John assured him, hoping that it was the truth.
about the stars," John retaliated automatically. "You must know some things. The constellations, for example. You must know that that cluster is the spirits of – but then, the Christians refute that, I've heard. I suppose nothing is certain now."
Sherlock made an inviting gesture. "Please." John flashed him the grin that always made his stomach wobble and let the fabric fall to his feet, exposing Sherlock's torso and legs.
They caught up to each other just outside the walls, in the shadow of the arched entranceway. A few people who had not been able to find seats inside the arena milled around outside, but none of them noticed the Emperor as he stopped, breathless, two feet from John. Unwilling to speak, they stared at each other. Sherlock didn't
He was off again; John struggled to keep one eye on the supposed trail that they were following as he kept up with the man in front of him.
After a few minutes of this – turning around as quickly as he could while still making sure he had eyes on everyone making calculated dives towards him – he had eliminated a few of his attackers and the others had begun to attack each other as well as him, taking advantage of their distraction and proximity to flick the weapons out of each other's hands.
him, and in return he wanted to find justice for Mary. What he was about to do came as a miniscule price to pay for the reward.
protection," he said. "And even if they did, they would not get near me. I do not suppose, Lestrade, that your attempts to find Small have come to anything?"
After a few minutes that stretched out endlessly between them, Sherlock stepped forwards and rapped on the door again, the same pattern of five knocks. They waited for another minute or so before John sighed. "Perhaps he
There had been a puddle of blood spreading slowly from her head, sticking in her auburn hair. John had got his knees filthy with it, mixed into the dirt, as he had bent to cradle her head. The blood had come from a relatively small wound in her neck – the jugular, he had realised later when he had recovered enough thought to consider it. He had closed his eyes and kissed her forehead, blood smearing across his lips.
"I am not that short, my Lord," John retaliated, barely thinking. The Emperor let out a delighted chuckle.
He sank onto one knee immediately, averting his eyes. Lestrade chuckled. "Do not worry, John. He merely intends to watch for now. When we are finished - and we likely will not be long - he may wish to talk to you. He is not so scary as you might think."
The kiss was unhurried, their breath mingling along with their tongues. Sherlock tasted of sweetened wine until John's tongue had carefully laved the traces away, replacing them with the heady combination of each of their own tastes. When he began to rock his hips forward with experimental precision, Sherlock made a lazy contented noise and copied the gesture.
The aforenamed shared the frown. "John," he rumbled. John's thought process was alarmingly derailed at the cadence of that low voice, but he hauled it determinedly back again.
Watson nodded slowly to show that he understood. Sherlock took in a few deep breaths; this was the important part, the make-it-or-break-it line. "As such, I believe I would owe you a generous favour in return," he said evenly. "I do not wish to degrade you by paying for your... time," he decided, trying to avoid the word 'services'.
Holmes looked at it for a moment, his eyes narrowed critically. "I can tell you she did not die here," he said slowly.
Quintus frowned at him. "It is likely they will fade before long as sand from the streets clogged the wound, my Lord," he explained. "But for a way, at least, he should be able to lead you." He took the rope from Lestrade and fondled Cerberus' drooping black ears, the stern exterior flickering minutely into fondness. "Cerberus," he murmured to the hulking animal, and pointed firmly at the first bloody print. "Seek."
Frustrated, John broke away from kiss and embrace entirely and propped himself up on one elbow, looking down at his Emperor. "Sherlock," he said, frowning as he wondered quite how to phrase the problem.
No. Not aroused, then. Sherlock let the leg back down, wincing when the movement rolled his body closer to his lover's and let the bulge in his loincloth rub gently against the other man's leg.
Did this mean John was also aroused? He could feel his own heart, bashing around in his chest like a mad frog. John's was nowhere near as fast as that, but all the same… Sherlock feigned a yawn and bent the leg that was on top of John's, sliding his knee up the gladiator's body until it brushed innocently against his groin.
Sherlock's fists clenched, itching to bury themselves in the other man's gut. If John could not make the safe decision then perhaps Sherlock could make it for him – the guards were only a shout away, he could kill Tonga himself if he wanted to.
"I am not sure I approve of this kind of fighter in your court," the silvery voice interjected from the corner of the box. Sherlock turned a long-suffering expression on his brother. "Although, you already know my opinion on having fighters in the court at all."
"Horatia does, your Excellency. She done something to her leg. Lots of blood at first, now i'ss just all red and big," one of the girls piped up. Sherlock frowned.
He spared a moment to wonder about the Emperor's arena; the nobles around the stands had all looked shocked and outraged at the slave's misstep. In the Circus Maximus warriors fought to kill no matter how defeated and broken their opponent became, but if the slave had been trained even a little in the etiquette of the court he would have recognised John's surrender and remembered that the aim of these fights was a display of skill only.
The rest of the walk back to the court was a more subdued one; Sherlock's face very quickly began to throb uncomfortably, and by the time they were standing by the back doors it hurt quite considerably. "You should find something cold to put on it to prevent the bruising," John remarked, peering at Sherlock's face in the flickering light from one of the torches by the door.
So when an erection poked into the top of his hip, Sherlock took his own opportunity to be smug, despite the fact that the climax had sapped what little energy he had left until he could barely keep his eyes open. "Would you like me to take care of that for you, John?" he asked lightly.
The young man stuttered. "Uh… your Excellency, there is a woman to see you. She says her business is urgent."
At the expression on John's face, Sherlock stopped smiling. He'd seen that expression on Mycroft's face before, and he didn't like it. "It can't possibly be unrelated," he said uncertainly. "It gives us another clue, we are one step closer to discovering why Mary died, is that not good?" The gladiator's eyebrows pinched closer together, but otherwise he did not react. Sherlock floundered. "Look, the most likely explanation,
Sherlock looked at him, a smile playing unbidden with the corners of his mouth. "I shall have to thank him when we find him, then," he said lightly. "It seems I owe this man a great deal."
The seller looked him up and down without interest, clearly not recognising him. Sherlock allowed himself a slight smile. "Four denarii," he grunted finally.
I have been trying not to look at you, but I still know the instant you rise from your seat in the stands – incidentally, it has been some weeks since I have seen Lestrade watching us train and I am taking that as a sign that his life is proceeding well – and leave the arena. I know where you are going.
. He and Lestrade will be back very soon. I cannot afford to put myself in a situation where I cannot look my lanista in the eye."
He cringed as he looked up from diligently wrapping his swords, but Lestrade was grinning as he wandered over, arms folded in a friendly manner. "The Emperor was not too rough for you, then?" he asked, his dark eyes softly teasing.
Sherlock looked down at him in surprise. Wiggins often displayed rather acute logical thinking that Sherlock would not have expected from someone of his background; occasionally, he considered whether a position in the court might suit him, but he was almost certain the boy would decline it in favour of looking after the rest of the children. "Very good," he replied.
is enormously rare." John offered him his first tentatively flattered smile. "But it was not that which had me captivated, John, it was the fact that I could not see those signs in you."
" the young ruler insisted. "It was simply a nightmare. The sooner I can return to sleep, the sooner I will be rid of it."
Sherlock sat back on his heels and reached for the tie on John's loincloth. He had thought in the past that thinner undergarments should be a serious point of investigation with the court seamstresses, especially in regard to ease of removal. And yet right now lifting John's hips and unwrapping the fabric of his loincloth slowly, like unwrapping a gift or a sword, seemed the most delightful thing in the world and made him shudder with anticipation. "Lift," he whispered against John's belly – firm when he kissed it and the older man chuckled, soft when he nosed against it and the muscles relaxed – and John did, arching his back until his hips were off the bed and Sherlock could reach under, untie his loincloth and unwind the layers of fabric from under him, exposing him bit by bit.
Claudia was frowning mightily now. "I am not sure," she said. "I remember him. He visited me when Mark died – he was also wounded at Ctesiphon. I am not sure he is capable of such brutal murder with only one leg."
Immediately, John detached his mouth from the soft warmth of Sherlock's neck and pushed up onto his elbows over the taller man. "Are you all right?" he asked carefully.
"Do you wish to pick him up, your Excellency?" the fisherman asked, his fingers pausing on the knots holding the sails in place.
He couldn't help but smile, reaching down to link their fingers together again. "Would you come inside with me? Just for a while."
Positioned as he was between Sherlock's legs, John had the perfect proof of his arousal between his thighs; his lover broke the kiss momentarily to cry out as John ground himself down, testing the waters. In the absence of the lush, heart-shaped lips, John latched onto Sherlock's neck instead, filling his ears with broken pants and almost-groans and reaching a hand between them to –
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Had this been him and John alone, there would perhaps have been an elated kiss before bouncing back into the investigation. But Lestrade had no clue what was so important about a one-legged intruder and he was looking at them warily, as though afraid Sherlock would lunge across the low table to tear off John's cloak and toga and take him right in front of them. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment as his every sense gladly joined in the imagination of such a moment.
with hands still wrapped in leather to protect them from the swords, or would he drop to his knees in the sand? Sherlock could wait in his chamber for him – Mycroft and Lestrade would look at him strangely, but he could – he could even prepare himself ahead of time, as John had prepared him the previous night, and then when he came in sweaty and panting from the fight with adrenaline still racing through his veins he could simply push Sherlock against the nearest piece of furniture and take him, and Sherlock could taste the sweat shining on his neck and clutch onto him desperately as John grunted and drove into him, the smell of leather and
Oh, Sherlock. Your eyelids flutter shut as I work my way up your legs and I can feel my own heart quickening when I find the firm swell of your bare backside instead of the folds of fabric I had expected. Your skin is smooth and warm and beautiful, and I want to bury myself inside it, wrap you all around me. I slide my fingers over your rear, down into the delicious dip between your cheeks and –
There was a pause, but John did not believe that Sherlock had expected the command to be obeyed, and the voice spoke again, firmer this time. "Sherlock Holmes," it said sharply, "Emperor or not, you will open this door right now or I will have it broken in."
The Emperor frowned down at his laugh. "Is something amusing, John?" he asked, sounding slightly put-out.
"There is something else I wish to do this afternoon," Sherlock admitted, smiling at his lanista. "But thank you for the invitation."
"Tell me how it feels," Sherlock breathed against John's cheek, his arms shaking with the effort of holding himself up and still.
He rolled his eyes. "And that is why you sit behind me and not in front of me," he reminded him. "The people expect it. Think of it as an exercise in strategy if it offends you, Mycroft."
John fight, he knew his lover was skilled. Perhaps the best he had ever seen. John could handle it, safely and sensibly.
The crowds of the Circus Maximus had always reminded John of wild animals. As soon as they saw blood they were absolutely uncontrollable. He had never allowed Mary to go, always fearing that someone would fall upon her, mad with bloodlust. Distantly, he climbed off her killer and wiped his sword on the dead man's loincloth.
," John said quickly, as though the words would stick in his throat if he didn't get them out fast enough.
he whispered, smiling gently, the tiny scratch of stubble from where he had not shaved that morning rubbing against Sherlock's jaw.
possible for two people as different as Mycroft and I to have a true relationship." Lestrade shrugged, beaming. "Apparently he thought the same thing."
Laughing, he reached for the gladiator, who was doubled up and wheezing but straightened as Sherlock's arms encroached on his line of sight. John laughed and stepped closer, and then they were kissing, adrenaline still bubbling beneath the surface of Sherlock's skin, and every slide of lips on lips set fire to his nerves.
"No," John huffed quickly, the hand that was not half-heartedly attempting to stroke parts of Sherlock's face flying up and landing shyly across his face. "I thought about it. Mary never… we thought…"
"And yourself, John." He waved at the basin full of cool water by the window, indicating the cloths beside it. John dipped his head obediently.
The taller man complied with fond and lazy ease, wrapping long arms around the narrow point of John's waist and drawing them so close that their noses brushed together and kissing seemed inevitable.
They rounded a corner before John could protest and stumbled out into the forum; the noise of the semi-permanent markets and general bustle in their immediate vicinity died to a slightly awed hush. Sherlock hurriedly yanked off his purple cloak and tossed it behind a fountain. He would still be recognised, of course, but it might take people longer and it was more likely they would comply with a silent finger to the lips.
of canvas, and John could only watch as Small's sails began to billow outwards and stretch taut with the wind. The slightly larger boat began to pull ahead, and John's heart dropped to the pit of his stomach as the gap between their crafts lengthened.
He tried not to pant as he answered. "It depends how much further ahead of us he is," he explained, cursing his voice as it broke on him. "Whether he is prepared to sail by the time we get there."
It was a strange feeling, the warmth flooding his stomach at the knowledge that John wished to prolong their contact for as long as possible. It made him feel oddly vulnerable, and yet he found himself loath to complain. Allowing the smile to show upon his face, Sherlock held John's hand tighter and picked up his pace.
The gladiator looked as though he was expecting a reply, but Sherlock couldn't muster one. He was entirely out of words; in reply to the slightly worried frown developing on John's delightful face he tried to push some out regardless. "I… you…"
The excitement of occupation, of turning a puzzle over in his mind and looking for the slots to make it click together, buzzed through his mind like an insect. Bartholomew Sholto's body had thrown the cold case of Mary Watson's murder into new light; they were on a trail now, and Sherlock's every nerve hummed with the thrill of following it. Less familiar, though, was the tiny sour note of concern for John underlying it. He hadn't thought about it when they'd gone to see the body, but this was the second familiar face John had been forced to see lying dead in an alleyway. Sherlock had never been so concerned with how another person would react before, and he didn't want to hurt Mary's mother, either – he wasn't quite sure what questions he would be allowed to ask without either of them becoming upset.
genitalia," he replied, darting his tongue out briefly like a snake tasting the air – and the taste was everything he'd imagined. "Therefore it is beautiful."
Sherlock stepped until he was standing between the gladiator's spread legs, his breath coming faster as John's knees shifted to entrap him. He lifted his hands to unhook John's from his loincloth. "Let me," he breathed, leaning down to kiss him, to shift his weight until the two of them were horizontal and he was on his knees and elbows over the smaller man with the heat from his body warming his belly.
He wasn't sure it made perfect sense, but he wasn't sure it mattered; the image had flooded his mind already. Sherlock, stretched out across the bed with his arms above his head, unable to rush or reciprocate while John forced him to understand that he
to do. He'd been so careful to keep the gladiator informed of what he wanted from their 'relationship', and this wasn't the first 'out' he'd offered him. John had turned down the others this quickly, too. In a weaker man, it could perhaps have been dismissed as fear of displeasing the Emperor, but John Watson was not weak.
He turned then to look at him, and John must not have kept his face clear enough, because the Emperor's fell quickly into an expression of utter horror. "Oh, John," he said, approaching him hesitantly. "I am so sorry. I did not think – if you need to leave…"
John rested a hand on his back and laughed kindly. "Forgive me, my Lord," he said, hesitating a moment over Sherlock's title as though unsure whether to use it. "I did not think – it should have occurred to me that you were not used to our levels of exercise."
Angelo dropped his oar, letting it be carried over the side of the boat and swallowed by the river, and instead drew a knife from his loincloth and plunged it into the wooden prow of Small's boat and held on. The boat lurched again, water slapping over the sides as their progress was abruptly held back.
"And many of them would chose death," Sherlock agreed, unable to keep from smiling even though John would not see it.
John sat through the evening meal with the other court gladiators barely able to contain his anticipation. He wondered whether he should be worrying more about the fact that it was not the prospect of finding Mary's attackers – which was slim for the night – that excited him, but the knowledge that he would find out more of the intricacies that comprised the Emperor's intimate character. And whether he should be more concerned about the way his mind occupied itself with the problem of how he could convince Sherlock that he wasn't about to leave, that he didn't have to treat John as though he were made of the most brittle clay. So that he wouldn't have to rein in the impulse to snap at the man when he continually stopped to ask permission for each kiss and caress.
"Perhaps not. We shall see." He cast an identical cloak around his own shoulders, settling the hood across the back and clasping it shut over the pale dip in his collarbone. Completely lost, John did the same. "And will the dagger you carry be enough for you, should you need to defend yourself? I can offer you a sword if you need it." The curly-haired nobleman supplemented this point by affixing a longsword underneath the cloak and eyeing John's nether regions.
He wasn't sure how, but it looked as though he might have begun to win the gladiator's heart already. Sherlock held his breath, and nodded.
I am certain that you know exactly how difficult it is for me to concentrate on correcting ward positions when I know that you are waiting for me on the other side of the arena wall. Are you lying on my bed, sitting on my chair? No doubt you are thinking of me, of what I will do to you when I call an end to training and join you in my old bedchamber. The sight of you flushed red with desire will never not make my knees want to buckle.
His thigh twinged again; he propped his leg on the seat of a chair as he entered the cage under the arena stands to examine the wound. It did not look as though it had hit anything important, although it would probably require some form of stitching to force the flesh to knit together again. John sighed and put his leg down. He wanted comfort, wanted someone to tell him that he performed well and quiet the fury bubbling in his stomach – he wanted
Claudia Morstan looked from John to Sherlock. "Yes, my Lord," she said hesitantly. "He was a friend of my late husband's in the military, we had him in the house a few times before he passed away. You knew him too, John, did you not?"
His heart fluttered and leapt as the stocky arenarii grinned at him. Then John fell to twisting his fingers nervously. "I am afraid I… I am unsure how to proceed, my Lord. I assume you still wish to…"
"Magnificent," he called, his deep voice resonating incredibly through the space. "From both of you. I did not know you still had it in you, old man."
John wondered how it must look from his point of view. What must Small think he had done to get the Emperor on his side,
?" He said, poking Sherlock gently in the side and grinning. "Throwing that shellfish and hitting Small's crutch – Sherlock, that was an incredible throw, to say nothing of the
The fisherman gaped at him for a moment. Then, "Yes, your Excellency," he stuttered, dashing for the mooring line. John dropped quickly to one oar and Angelo followed suit; at the
Angelo grinned again. "No problem," he replied, clapping the dimachaerus on the back. "I am glad that we could stop them for you. I will see you this afternoon."
that he would constantly be struggling to follow the younger man, but to have it reinforced in such a physically evident manner was not something he was prepared for. Sherlock Holmes moved from target to target faster than the elite archers John had seen at Ctesiphon.
The arenarius grimaced for a moment, biting his bottom lip, and Sherlock almost ended it there. But then he released the breath he had been holding, his hazel eyes sliding shut, and Sherlock yelped in surprise as the body underneath him relaxed and he slid inside.
At this, the smile quickly turned guilty. "I am afraid not, my Lord. I was in no hurry for the adrenaline to die away." Sherlock couldn't help but smile back; he had been in a similar situation. After leaving John, his whole body tingled and his heart raced and he hadn't wanted the feeling to fade. "I… I enjoyed last night, my Lord," John volunteered after a pause. "I mean – not visiting where Mary was killed. But being with you, talking to you. Running with you. I enjoyed it."
John laughed as they rejoined the crowd. Sherlock couldn't help but smile; John's laugh was a wonderful sound, a kind of helpless peal of giggles that he couldn't hold back. There was something childish, pure, joyful about it. "How do you even know how to haggle?" John asked incredulously.
The house was lit much like it had been all those nights ago when they had traced the spots of blood – blood, Sherlock supposed upon reflection, that may easily have been Sholto's and
Once through the door it was fairly obvious what had set Cerberus off; there was a faint coppery tang in the heavy air, the unmistakeable scent of old blood.
John's hand on his neck squeezed his shoulder briefly before falling. "It sounds as though everyone who has ever taken the trouble to get to know you is enamoured with you," he observed idly. Sherlock felt his face flush. "And I can see why."
. "You can stay here tonight, at least," he said practically, "but then you must leave until training is over and you can come back."
A smile found its way across Sherlock's face. "An old widow who lives just outside the court. Her husband was not a man I would want anyone to be attached to for any length of time, and I managed to prove that he had murdered his brother and have him thrown to wild animals. Now she helps me to take care of the children when they need it – her daughter works in the court kitchens so she has an excuse to come into the court and find me. The perfect middlewoman." John smiled weakly – the same smile, Sherlock noticed, as he had given when Sherlock had introduced him to the collection of orphans. "She would treat me as though I were her own child," he added wistfully. "Far more than my mother ever did."
It made the silence rather louder than it already seemed. Sherlock lifted his eyes from the tablet he was attempting to peruse in order to follow the insect about the room; it landed briefly on the desk before a thin-fingered hand nudged it and it took off again. The Emperor pulled a face at his older brother. Mycroft's thin lips curled upwards. "Having any success?" he asked idly, gesturing towards the tablet. Sherlock frowned.
, and that to instruct you in this would not take long. Anyone else in the court would be an expert in only one or two styles, and would struggle to train people in others. But it is more than that, John, you…
It was a breach of the trust that surrounded the arena, and strange as that trust seemed to someone newly introduced to it, the breach had startled everyone. John supposed he ought not to feel so bad about being caught so thoroughly by surprise.
carefully, as though any movement too rough would damage John, he let his lips trail gentle kisses down the dimachaerus' neck and chest, licking the faint salty tang of sweat from his torso and flicking his tongue gently over John's brown nipples. The gladiator gasped at this, his stomach heaving to bump Sherlock's chin. He tried to smirk up at him, but it came out as something more like a genuinely pleased expression. He was
"Oh, yes." Sherlock rocked again, lifting himself up until his hands were planted on either side of John's head to make the movement easier. The gladiator's firm, calloused hands gripped his shoulder-blades as he shifted back and forwards in a gentle motion. John carefully drew his knees up until his feet could rest flat on the bed; this must have changed things somehow because when Sherlock rocked forwards next, the arenarius let out the softest of moans.
Did he mean that John would be required to entertain the Emperor? Or teach him, as Lestrade himself had previously? Or... "He will always give you ample opportunity to say 'no'," Lestrade continued, frowning slightly.
in a way it was highly possible he'd never get. "I will continue to investigate Mary's death until we discover who it was that killed her, but I will not ask you to give me everything you gave to her in return."
Suddenly one of the fighters seemed to come too close; Watson lashed out with his left hand, one solid, precise stroke that hit the jugular vein in the warrior's throat. The crowd howled in despair; apparently he had been one of the favourites. Sherlock smirked.
" he mused to the lanista. "As though he could barely believe that I would consent to be there with him. Every move he made, he would stop and check if it was all right –"
The gladiators looked at him curiously; Sherlock shrugged. "I am unarmed – I was not expecting this, I do not generally bring a weapon to
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You are hardly infirm, Watson," he dismissed, turning on his heel to start down the next street.
Slowly, he let go of John to put two fingers to his lips and whistle, high and piercing, three long, shrill notes.
"But if that were the case, she would have made an effort to get some of it to you," Sherlock persisted. "Legal family or not, she considers you her son." He gave it a moment to let the idea sink in, then voiced his own suggestion. "What if someone stole it?" he asked.
"John…" he begged. The gladiator released his nipple from between his teeth and looked up at him with a look of such innocence Sherlock almost laughed.
He smiled, somewhat relieved – now that he had allowed himself to anticipate the experience of penetrating Sherlock he could barely think of anything else. "Very well, then."
of his heart. When he opened them again, the younger man had stretched out his tongue for the most adventurous stream of ejaculate on his chin. John helped him out by catching the drop on his finger and sliding it between the taller man's heart-shaped lips. Sherlock sucked on it greedily.
Sherlock shook his hand off mock-irritatedly. "Yes, all right," he dismissed, unable to keep the smile off his face. "You may be slightly biased."
Impressed, John took hold of the base of Sherlock's arousal and swallowed as much of it as he could.
The lanista nodded, grinning. "He is. That, I think, is why we love him. He has dreams, and fears, and desires just like the rest of us." Quite suddenly, the older man flicked his sword back into its sheath at his belt. "Actually. Perhaps... I would not be surprised if he were to request some form of closer acquaintance with you." John frowned, attempting to decipher
Dimmock dipped his head in acknowledgement, his own smile oddly incongruent to the harshness in his eyes. "But an exceptional gladiator."
" he gulped out. He'd been filled with anticipation all morning until it felt as though his stomach was a pit of worms just at the thought of fighting in front of Sherlock Homes again. Now he was supposed to actually
His muscled Black companion, however, had not frozen; in fact, at the sight of Sherlock's purple coat and John's familiar, furious face, he had sped up his ministrations to the sails. Now they unfurled with a majestic
John chuckled into his shoulder. "If I know myself, it should still be there in the morning," he said sleepily. "Save it until I have the energy to appreciate it."
John smiled at him. "In that case, I have a very large amount of gratitude I would like to express," he said lazily, leaning down to find Sherlock's lips again. This time the Emperor succumbed to the kiss, clutching at John's back, his dark curls shifting gently against the linen of his bedclothes with the movements of his head.
"I…" John's voice was thin and brittle, and Sherlock's heart broke listening to him. He wondered if he would ever be able to give John the things he needed – the adrenaline and excitement and tactical display – in a way that would not make his heart twist and his palms slick every time the warrior left his sight. "I need to know that I am better than him," he admitted weakly.
Two burly attendants in undyed short togas dragged Tonga's body away by the legs, leaving a smear of red in the sand. John watched them go, drowning in the cheers from all sides. When he looked back up at the Emperor's box, his hands still trembling slightly, Sherlock was still standing up at the edge of the box, leaning out over the stands. From this distance, John could not read his expression.
John's shoulders were tense under his hands, and his face was bordering on furious. Sherlock understood how John felt; he would not be comfortable with acting as an executioner either. Being put in an arena with an unarmed man and told to kill him would be difficult. But the point of the Circus Maximus, especially at Saturnalia, was to be a bloodbath, not a fair fight. He knew that killing his wife's killer in cold blood would not satisfy John's desire for revenge, but arming a criminal and putting John in the ring with him alone would be a scandalous move. Sherlock knew that he could not afford any further talk about his relationship with John before he knew how best to present it to the public. And he didn't
He looked up quickly to see Wiggins running towards him. "Your Excellency!" the boy shouted as he approached. "The one-legged man is leaving! They are leaving on a boat!"
Small looked as though he would dearly like to get up and run away, but his body managed no more than a few limp twitches. "It was not me," he gasped instead. "Mary – I only wanted to threaten – but Tonga…"
Then someone managed to lock John's left hand in a tight parry, pushing a short blade away from his face with his own sword, straining to keep a hold on it. So distracted, John could mount only half a defence when he felt the point of the trident sidle into his grip on the sword in his right hand, and then he was defenceless.
"Sorry," he said quickly, picking up the hood of his cloak and casting it back over his head. "I was… carried away, I should have asked before forcing you into anything."
He took a step forwards as if to hug John, but the older man shifted awkwardly, his body language clearly stating that such a gesture would be unwelcome. Sherlock bit his lip until he tasted blood, his heart almost tangibly shrivelling in his chest. "We should start on our way back to the court," John said instead.
. His pride in the eyes of the city of Rome was already destroyed; the only thing he had left was his pride in his own eyes, and those of Lestrade, and the Emperor himself.
the Emperor possibly... desire him sexually? He would do many things for the man he'd always admired, the man he had not expected to be so...
That caught John so much by surprise that he laughed, rolling the two of them into a more comfortable position and settling down to sleep. "With good reason," he said lightly.
To his surprise, it was Lestrade whose hand was on his shoulder as he recovered, smiling sympathetically. He held his breath a moment to ensure his stomach would obey him, then returned the smile weakly. "Where is he?" he asked.
his side, to track him down? He himself could barely fathom the chain of events that had led him from where Small had left him, broken and without hope, to where he was at the moment, strong and determined with the most wonderful man in the Empire by his side.
"No!" Sherlock interjected quickly, his heart thumping encouragement in his chest. "Of course I still want you. I… thank you."
Eventually they broke free of the forum and back into the street leading to the hill; John turned to him immediately. "It would not be a risk, Sherlock," he continued, as though they had not left the conversation. "I know what you are thinking, but it would not – he almost got the better of me in the court arena because I was not expecting him to attempt to hurt me. In a fair fight to the death I would defeat him, I know I would."
the Emperor would notice. "I... find it interesting, my Lord. I always have. When I was younger I insisted the physician on our street teach me the things that he knew. I have learned more since then from study. I served in the military for a very short period of time where I had the opportunity to better my anatomical and medical knowledge."
what other things John was thinking of, Angelo smirked briefly. "His Excellency must love you very much to have done this for you," he said softly, his face sobering.
Mycroft's lips curved cruelly, obviously sensing the direction his brother's thoughts were taking and the need to move them away. "Brains to go with the muscles, do you think?"
Sherlock kissed him again, his tongue frantic in John's mouth, the noise in his throat halfway between a whimper and a chuckle. "Oh, me, indeed," he murmured, his voice low and slightly husky and
"And the best," Lestrade argued. "If he can teach the others how to see their opponents as he does, they will all become far better fighters, and they know it. I believe that John would make an excellent lanista." He hesitated for a moment, then cleared his throat softly. "And it would be safer for him."
But Sherlock was already moving on, stepping up the stone ledge to rap his white knuckles on the wooden door, five quick knocks in rapid succession before stepping down again and sending a rakish grin in John's direction that for some reason made his knees weaken, a sudden flash of pure and innocent joy.
"I apologise, my Lord," John said awkwardly as Holmes bent again and turned away from him. "But – one what? What are you looking for?"
– the gladiator pressed a chaste kiss over Sherlock's heart and wriggled down his body until his face was level with his Emperor's groin.
To his surprise, Mycroft's freckled face pinked slightly. His thin lips, however, curled into his usual scathing smile. "Removing Watson from training is hardly going to help him survive the Saturnalia tournament," he said softly.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the delay in his answer. The expression brought back something the younger man had said earlier
John gaped, evidently thinking back and trying to recall seeing the box in the living room. "I… am not sure," he said finally. "Perhaps she gave it to Arrian? She must have known she would not use it, and now with Mary…"
John mentioned this last point to Sherlock when he pleaded John to be sensible for the third time that morning. "Sherlock, you do not have to be responsible for my safety," he had said. "Trust
even, that showed how long the tall beauty had spent not loving or being loved, and John had bitten his head off about it.
The gladiator was instantly by his side once more, peering at the doorframe as though attempting to ascertain Sherlock's train of thought. He smiled fondly. "The door had not been forced before tonight," he explained carefully. "Therefore, either Sholto was still on friendly terms with the killer and invited him in freely – which would negate our earlier theory of Sholto having stolen the sestertii – or they did not come in through the door."
Sherlock tilted his head to one side as though considering. "Tempting," he admitted. "Perhaps to avoid your own trial we should attempt to capture the both of them and make their death sentence a public affair."
The people, Sherlock knew, watched the gladiators out of a frenzied lust for blood; the screams of the audience all but drowned out the screams of the fallen fighters on the sand. The primal nature of it, of desperate men fighting for survival and all too often not succeeding, encouraged such a similarly primal reaction from the watching city that smart women tended to avoid the thick of the crowds as unsafe. And yet… above that primal level, the smell of blood and the hum of adrenaline, Sherlock enjoyed watching how individual men thought and fought their way out of the arena. There was a moment, with the good ones, where one could see strategy flicker behind their eyes, a split-second pause between the idea and the execution when Sherlock could predict each move a man would make and each counterstrike from his opponent. In this moment his breath caught and the anticipation filled his limbs and his head with blissful static.
that the box is missing, is that Morstan promised it to his friends and then died before he could deliver. One of the friends – almost definitely Small – killed Mary while attempting to steal the box, only to find that Sholto had already stolen it, so he tracked Sholto down and killed him, too. That means that Small has the box, so when we find him we can recover it and give it back to Claudia. So no actual
He had had to edge inch by inch from underneath the Emperor, who had manoeuvred himself in the night to lie almost entirely on top of John in an endearingly possessive manner; he was surprised, in fact, that his shifting had not woken the man. Sherlock Holmes slept with the air of a man who did not do so often, and whose body therefore compensated by sleeping like the dead in the rare moments that he did choose to succumb. John had smiled to watch him there, his elegant face smoothed with sleep, his body wriggling in the sheets as though attempting to account for the loss of John underneath him.
After he and John Watson got back the night before he hadn't even tried to sleep; pacing fitfully around his bedchamber seemed far more productive. How could he be expected to lie still and think calm thoughts when
Lestrade clapped him firmly on the shoulder, shaking him out of his increasingly panicky thoughts. "Head in the game, John?" he asked brightly, though with the undercurrent of concern that John had come to love about the lanista. He liked to pretend he was harsh and immoveable, but his eyes betrayed the concern he held for each and every one of his gladiators.
So John Watson crossed the room to sit on the bed, hands reaching for the ties on his toga. Sherlock felt his heart sink. He'd tried his utmost to ensure that the gladiator understood what he wanted, that he wasn't just looking for someone to relieve his every sexual impulse. "Oh," he said softly. "I apologise – perhaps I failed to make it clear what I want. I would like something more intimate than the simple act of taking you. I had hoped you might… concede to… be
," Sherlock pronounced carefully, "am not. The Saturnalia games are five days away. You will be placed in that arena with only your hands, and then you will die."
The older man smiled at him, his blue eyes full of something warm and soft. "I love you," he said, taking Sherlock's hand away from his face and holding it in his own.
Lestrade made a rather impolite face at his Emperor while John looked on in shock, watching with growing terror as the man skipped lightly down the tiers and made his way across the sand.
than the others, and that it would take an extraordinarily lucky shot from any of them to do you serious harm." He reached up to John's face, cradling it with his fingers. "I could never stop you from doing something that makes you so
Blood spurted dramatically from the stomach wound; John smirked at the frenzied screams from the crowd. It would have taken them by surprise, the exchange so quick that even
For a moment Sherlock looked almost shy. Then his head tipped to one side; John followed his eyeline to see the bottle of oil they had used on their first night together. He began to smile; he thought that he could prepare himself with his own fingers the way that Sherlock had prepared him then, and from the position they were in now he could once again control the pace of absolutely everything.
The elder Holmes lifted an eyebrow at his brother. "An exercise in strategy wherein innocent men are killed," he replied idly.
Suddenly they were kissing, though Sherlock could not quite recall moving towards it; John's lips were warm against his, his tongue pleasant. He grasped the gladiator's waist and yanked him flush against his body, revelling in the familiar weight of him, the way he fit so neatly into Sherlock's curves and angles.
Grinning, Sherlock patted the bed beside him and John climbed back in. Tentatively, the gladiator leaned closer to him and placed a gentle kiss on his forehead. Sherlock took advantage of his closeness to snag his arms around the broader man's waist and trap him yet closer. "May I?" he asked, lying down with his arms around John to make it clear what he wanted.
In a fit of desperation, John jerked his body to the side; the blades of the trident gouged long stripes of blood and muscle through his thigh instead as he dived into a sort of roll to avoid the back-swing of the weapon, stumbling as he attempted to climb back to his feet. His thigh screamed in agony as he cast about desperately for a sword; the Black slave appeared to be snarling in anger, his thick lips curled up over his yellow teeth, eyes dark with fury. John ducked the next swipe, narrowly avoided the slash to his neck from the trident with a backwards lunge and settled a few feet away from his opponent, breathing heavily and keeping his eyes on the slave.
, but John still flinched at his phrasing. Sherlock didn't appear to notice, busy as he was arranging his face in a thinking expression. "Lestrade," he said finally, his deep voice absent and slow. "Contact the city lawkeepers. Have
The man's manner was infectious. It was extremely difficult not to smile back as he turned to Dimmock. "Thank you, sir," he said quietly. However grudgingly, the lanista had taken him in and trained him, and gratitude was due. Dimmock raised an eyebrow and nodded.
up and down his cheek, stopping briefly to plant a kiss on his closed eyelid and trail up one eyebrow.
The boy scrambled to do as he had asked. Sherlock gave Mycroft a perfunctory smile. "Do enjoy the rest of training, Mycroft," he smirked.
"That would certainly make the job easier," Sherlock agreed warily. "I value your opinion a great deal, you know that."
would have to revisit the house of Bartholomew Sholto, he had meant him and John together, just the two of them. He didn't need Lestrade or his dog-trainer to accompany them and he certainly didn't
Lestrade's mouth twitched. "Is it for the reason that I think?" he asked. Sherlock could feel the man's warm eyes raking across his face and smiled absently.
Silence settled between them again as John smiled gratefully. Sherlock looked as though there were words stuck in his throat and he could not cough hard enough to dislodge them. It looked rather painful. John took a deep breath – there was something that he, too, ought to have said several days ago. He cleared his own throat, gently, wondering if what came out of it would be right.
Sherlock levelled a look at the gladiator. "They have no parents, John. This is what happens to orphaned children on the streets of Rome. This is why I stopped to listen to Claudia all those years ago – because I had
John looked down at himself in confusion. He had assumed that they would not be spending terribly long in clothing at all, and had worn only a simple chiton over his loincloth. "My Lord?" he questioned, frowning up at the taller man.
Sherlock pushed him away, chuckling. "We cannot, John," he said with more than a hint of reluctance. "I sent Angelo away
The tiniest flash of panic surged through his veins, but the pause was enough; the slave jabbed his trident into the thick leather of John's gloves, scraping the skin underneath before yanking it free again.
of his council and rub away the aches in the dimachaerus' muscles after each bout. He had planned for the eventuality of his still desiring John once Mary's killer had been found, but not like this. This was unsettling in its blinding intensity, and Sherlock
Smiling a little at the image left in his head – of Sherlock reaching for the oil to clean his sword and remembering its last occupation – he unstoppered the little bottle in a manner so much calmer than he felt.
almost slipped out of his mouth, but John caught it just in time. He supposed that he and Sherlock had not been particularly careful to hide their relationship from Angelo. "It was an… agreement we had," he admitted. "He wanted my company, my…" John blushed, but Angelo merely nodded with a dismissive wave of his hand that plainly said he did not want
John made a faint noise as they rounded on him; they had assumed, most likely from the stronger, bolder set of John's shoulders and the masculine curve of his jaw that
expected to feel. Because this was how John himself felt, but he had had it once already, he was an old and broken man with no social status. Surely the Emperor, who could have anyone he wanted and still so young and beautiful, had expected one day to find someone to love and to love him?
He looked up at his lover, sliding his hand up John's thighs to find the beginnings of his loincloth. "John, the entire reason we are in this alley is because no-one will see," he assured him. "You knew that when you pulled me in here."
He bent quickly to an animal skin adorning the floor underneath a low table. "Lestrade," he called. "What would you say made these marks?" He gestured to a series of scuff marks on the pelt – some exotic animal most likely killed abroad in his time in the military, Sherlock dismissed. "A staff, or spear, perhaps?"
He didn't have the same reaction to the games as the public did, but that didn't matter; he enjoyed them, and the people enjoyed them, and that seemed to be enough.
Sherlock's fingers twitched, but his hands did not move from their position against the bar. "I suppose in a way, I will be touching you," he commented, his mouth twisting into a smile which John returned.
The older lanista watched as Small finally gave a great splutter, water spouting from his clammy mouth and running pathetically onto the docks beneath him. John helped the man roll over and weakly spew the rest of the water onto the boards.
The crowd fell silent; John imagined they were all holding their breath. He knew Sherlock certainly would be. For the space of three careful breaths, he contemplated not disappointing him.
," he said sternly. The smile was meant to convey pity and superiority, but in the moonlight John knew he could see a flash of flattered pride as well. "Go on, have a look," he prompted finally, turning back to the dirt road.
The shorter man looked sharply at him. "You will allow me to kill him?" he asked, sounding surprised.
Wiggins stopped dead in the middle of the boarded path; Sherlock, eyes fixed on the boats and attempting to scan them for the black imposter and the one-legged Small, would have barrelled straight into him had Angelo not flung out a hand to stop him. "Apologies, my Lord," he smiled, once Sherlock had realised what he had done.
Sherlock lifted his head to meet John's eyes, gleaming with blue-grey excitement. "A crutch," he repeated. "The intruder had one leg."
John trailed off, waiting for Sherlock to finish the sentence. He smiled eagerly. "Yes." He shifted hesitantly, unable to stop his eyes from flickering to the bed.
John carefully removed the loincloth, using his own strength to lift Sherlock's hips and whisk the fabric off the edge of the bed before lowering him back down. He pressed a light, teasing kiss to the head of Sherlock's penis before looking up at him, something in his eyes that the Emperor couldn't quite place.
Angelo chuckled. Sherlock, grateful as he was to the both of them for their respective roles in this drama, just wanted them to go away. He wanted to be alone with John, to hold him and reassure himself that he was still there – provided, of course, that he was not merely waiting for the right opportunity to leave.
He shook his head slightly, his lips pressed so tightly together that it hurt. "No, my Lord, I can manage," he said, after clearing his throat. "Yes, that is where…"
Again, John chuckled. "I hardly think Mary would complain, Sherlock. If you wish to please me, I am in no position to argue."
"Always," John replied, mentally closing the door on the turmoil of his feelings for Sherlock. The Emperor would be out there today, of course. He never missed a bout, surely he would not stop today – unless John had hurt him so badly that he would not want to face him?
He fidgeted nervously on the front doorstep for a moment until John nudged him lightly on the arm. "You do not have to be so nervous," he said softly.
"You cannot outrow us," Sherlock called out, in the same calm, ringing, authoritative voice he had used on Small. The big man's strokes faltered minutely, but otherwise he gave no indication that he had heard. Sherlock frowned; when he spoke again, John was mildly surprised to hear the words in smooth Greek. "You saw what we did to your acquaintance."
Sherlock snorted disgustedly. "I cannot imagine why," he said dryly. "And yet despite everything that you have done, he still does not wish to face you unarmed. He wants a fair fight."
Soon enough, Watson stood in the arena with only one other man while Sherlock watched, panting slightly and trying to hide his burgeoning erection from his brother.
John snickered. "Really? I thought it was the way I looked brandishing a sword and covered in sweat and blood," he countered in mock-surprise. Sherlock shrugged judiciously. That certainly had not
Sherlock nodded. "Thank you, Wiggins." He drew a small pouch from the folds of his cloak. "I can trust you to distribute this, can I not?" he asked the boy, who nodded sullenly. "Do any of you need the attentions of a physician?"
"Are you and the Emperor close?" John ventured bravely. Lestrade's dark eyes suddenly met his, sharp and piercing. "Sorry," he backtracked. "I simply noticed the two of you seem more familiar than is perhaps customary for Emperor and lanista
He wanted to look up to the Emperor's box, to see whether Sherlock was angry, but he knew that Tonga would jump at the slightest diversion. He knew that he
"Sssh," he comforted. "I will be gentle, I promise, but it may still hurt you a little. If you are uncomfortable, we can do this another night. There are other ways of finding pleasure."
John smiled, thinking of Dimmock's reaction. "He spent the entire time in the cages throwing insults at me. It was difficult to resist cutting off the hand entirely."
Sherlock cast him a quick glance. "Brawn," he confessed, earning a grin from the taller man. "You two are very obviously gladiators – far more intimidating than one man in a purple cloak."
Sherlock followed the gladiator's eyeline into a corner beside someone selling slabs of meat. Sure enough, one of the children who had been there when he had called them to find Small was hunched against the side of the stall. It didn't look as though the vendor had noticed her, but her eyes were fixed hungrily on a large quantity of tough, smoked meat hanging up beside the big man. Sherlock casually adjusted their course so that it would bring them up beside her – he knew that she would eventually judge her moment, snatch the jerky and run, and that she most likely would not make it far before they caught her.
"Not at all," John replied hastily. "I was reflecting on how familiar I have become with you, that you almost look strange when you act like the Emperor."
The murderer dropped the box at his feet with a sort of triumphant finality. A few last coins rolled out and settled at the bottom of the boat. When John looked up, the big man was holding his hands out in front of him, offering them to be bound together, a surrender.
Sherlock paused, frowning at the cripple struggling to stay afloat. "No," he said finally. "Lestrade will have finished training by now. Mrs Hudson will doubtless fill him in and he will join us here with the city's lawkeepers – they can retrieve Small from the water before he drowns, I am sure. Our priority should be his rather violent companion."
Holmes looked at him, making no move to drop his hand, and began to chuckle, his high cheekbones pink from exertion, and John chuckled too, until they were both helpless against it, leaning against the wall of the building behind them. "A torch next time," the Emperor panted between chuckles. "Then we will not be caught crawling like dogs, squinting at the road." He straightened, the laughter fading, and rapped John sharply on the arm. "You had better get back," he said. "Or Lestrade will have my head."
Sherlock's flesh fluttered under his fingers, tightening even as he stroked over it, and John found it difficult to believe that even one of his thick, warrior's fingers could venture
thought he'd made it clear already. And yet John was acting as though he expected to simply strip and lie back. Sherlock bit his lip as the arenarius stood up again, frowning at him with something approaching sympathy, if not outright pity. "I am willing to relinquish that part of our agreement, if you would prefer," he offered, wondering if it wouldn't be better to just take whatever John could give him rather than settling for nothing less than
). Yesterday I had the privilege of attending a lecture from Stephen Orgell, renowned Shakespeare scholar, on the eroticism of the boy actors who used to play women. It was absolutely fascinating stuff and I am not looking into the fact that I came out of it determined to write a Johnlock Lord Chamberlain's Men AU wherein Sherlock is one of those men who played women. My dilemma is which Shakespeare to make the crux of the story. I was thinking
he wanted it. What he wanted was to divest his lover of the leather skirt he was wearing and take him, to lick the taste of sweat and leather from every inch of his skin. And he
knows how he got into the cages without one of the fighters noticing he was not supposed to be there. I have people searching, my Lord, but I am not sure it is likely they will find him."
When the morning came he tried to watch the gladiators train, but found this, too, to be a mistake. John had stepped out into the arena, chest bare and glistening with oil, and he had had to leave before he embarrassed himself.
After a glance at Sherlock, John grabbed the coil of rope from the bottom of their own boat and carefully stepped with it from boat to boat where Angelo was still holding them together.
Tonga was crouched in a corner of the dank cage under the Circus, head resting on his knees, scarred feet wriggling uncomfortably. Sherlock rested his arm against the bars of the cage and watched him for a while, disgust permeating his stomach and tainting the back of his tongue. "Do you know what is to happen to you?" he asked finally in fluid Greek.
At that moment, the fisherman let out a strangled noise and stepped back from the mast; the sails unfurled with a mighty noise. The boat lurched. John looked up in panic, catching Sherlock's wide grey-green eyes.
But he could not afford to think about it, because Lestrade had changed his grip on the broadsword he was holding, and John had to quickly flick his own sword - the man who had fetched him had instructed him to bring only one - above his head to block the sudden swing he knew was coming. He had to divert a considerable amount of focus to not allowing his eyes to stray to the Emperor, to not check obsessively whether the tall, pale man was shaking his head in disappointment or had lost interest in the fight completely.
" he murmured. "Your skin – every part of your body is soft, even the parts that have no business being so."
However, I will freely admit that I have no knowledge whatsoever of sailing, be it our time or theirs, so I've taken a lot of artistic license with this chapter.
He had drawn breath to reply when the bars of the gate clattered against the wall; John looked up to see a stocky, silvery-haired man wincing at the noise as he leaned against the gate. When he realised he'd been noticed, he caught the lanista's eyes and smiled tightly. John glanced at Dimmock to see him return the expression. It was easy to tell the two men were not friends.
John crouched and turned his eyes to the ground. The light at this level was terrible and he could almost feel his eyesight deteriorating as he scanned the dust, but he saw nothing. "I am afraid I cannot see anything, my Lord," he called back.
They stood together in the dark for a while, hand in hand. Then Sherlock sighed. "Do you want to look at the docks tonight? It is unlikely that we will find anything."
The silver-haired warrior coughed lightly. "If I might make a suggestion as to my replacement, my Lord?" he asked, frowning as though what he were about to say had weight beyond the surface.
There were things one was expected to say at a time like this, but Sherlock couldn't remember any of them. He probably ought not to be so shocked. John's love was something he had been trying so hard to earn that he had almost talked himself out of believing he could actually
Sherlock threw him an impatient glare. "Have you not been watching? The bloodstains have become progressively thicker on the ground. It is likely they would have waited until the dripping was minimal, and so the frequency and size of the stains are unlikely to increase much beyond this. Otherwise they would be easily noticed. Come along."
When they arrived back at the court, Lestrade and Angelo were already there, standing in the sand of the court arena. Sherlock cleared his throat to announce their arrival; the two turned and Angelo's face cleared in sudden understanding. Sherlock schooled his face into blankness. He would have to talk to the gladiator alone to impress on him the importance of how he wanted the relationship to appear to the public.
"How bad is it?" he asked, a frantic edge to his deep voice. He shifted the edge of John's cloth out of the way to get a closer look at the wound; his fingers brushed the tender, open skin and John winced, his knee struggling to buckle. Sherlock's movements became yet more desperate. "John, please tell me!"
my desire to give you everything you want outweighed my desire to keep you safe, this cannot simply be about you and me."
speech, but Sherlock cut him off before he could start. "I can offer him something in return he cannot refuse. By the time I have delivered, either my... desire for him will have abated, or he will trust me enough to wish to continue the arrangement."
John had lunged forward and knocked Sherlock onto his back, his head banging against the wooden bar holding the bed against the wall, and pressed two fingers against his lips to quiet him. "I did not say I was not interested," he growled, the threatening tone of voice somewhat negated by the smile that was still growing on his lips. Sherlock's hands found John's hips as the stocky gladiator straddled him, grinning now.
Then he bowed to the Emperor, turned a full circle for the crowd, and watched the ebony-skinned killer lope easily out of the cage and into the arena.
"You are the Emperor," John reminded him, grabbing his rear and grinding them together. "It does not matter whether he
John stared at him. "How…" he began stupidly, lost track of what he was saying, and had to clear his throat and begin again. "How could you know all of that?"
So the older man shed his clothes until he was clad only in his loincloth and sat cross-legged on the bed, waiting patiently while Sherlock relieved his bladder and splashed the cold water from the basin over his face. He noticed that the other man did not avert his eyes while his Emperor disrobed, and wondered suddenly whether John expected to undergo some form of sexual activity. He had simply expected to repeat the exercise of the night before in falling asleep with his head on the gladiator's shoulder and his long legs tangled with shorter ones, but stripping to his loincloth with those steady eyes on him caused a flicker of desire to spark in his gut.
Your lips feel different against mine once they are plumped from sucking and biting. The mere idea of why they feel like this would have me aroused again if I did not feel as though I will
After a moment Sherlock leaned forwards across the table to explain the situation to the older woman. "The body of a man named Bartholomew Sholto was found yesterday. Did you know him?"
Sherlock brought up the Saturnalia executions every moment they were together, whether alone or in company. John wished he would leave it alone and trust him to do the right thing.
The older man chuckled. "Ever curious," he commented idly, flicking his tongue out to lick quickly at Sherlock's cheek. "It is as if... almost like I have to use a chamber-pot," he commented. "Only without the urgency. It feels... nice."
And if the Emperor does not follow the laws of his Empire, why should the rest of his citizens? If you are seen to disregard it, everyone will use it as an excuse to break the law.
Sherlock shrugged. "I did not ask, but Mycroft abhors the games. And besides, Lestrade has been a gladiator all his life. Past time for a change, I should think." He sighed and shifted the wine in order to sit closer to John and lean against his chest.
John tried very hard to meet the sneering gaze that Mycroft Holmes was directing at him, feeling his face turn red at the scrutiny. He felt as though the tall man was staring right
John reached up to his own hood and pushed it back, smiling. Instantly, the woman's face relaxed, and then she was wrapping John in a welcoming hug. Thin and petite as she was, John emerged from the hug looking as though he were having trouble breathing. Claudia Morstan's red-brown hair – evidently the source of Mary's – had begun to tumble from the tight bun she had scraped it into and fall about her cheeks. She had the look of someone who would in her prime have been both beautiful and kind, and Sherlock found himself relaxing in her presence, as though she were somehow
the frown from halfway across the street. "He just vanished," he repeated softly. "Interesting." With a sharp intake of breath, he stepped away from the house and spun back to John's side. "If you could tell us his name, we may begin to put out inquiries as to his whereabouts," he told the woman briskly.
easily. Just the thought of you sitting in this room with your own fingers stretching yourself for me forces a moan from my lips.
The Emperor cast a disparaging glance backwards. "Whatever happened to calling me 'Sherlock'?" he replied in the same tone, not slowing down in the slightest. "Do keep up."
John's eyes hit the floor sheepishly. "I… had assumed you simply meant to re-open the investigation amongst the townspeople. Perhaps announce to the city that you had taken an interest in the matter to encourage anyone who may have information to come forwards. I did not think…"
Carefully, after an age of this, John slid a second slick finger alongside the first, coaxing a slight discomforted groan from his younger lover that eased into more pleasurable sounds as he grew used to the sensations and began to relax into them.
the respect of these men rather than inherited it. And that was another thing that Mycroft could not understand, having been bowed and scraped to as the future Emperor all of his life.
Sherlock closed his eyes and pressed the heels of his hands into their sockets, trying to ignore Mycroft's smug smile eating at him from the corner, sensing the moment his brother lost interest in the conversation and turned back to his tablet. The problem afforded considerable thought. He wanted Watson as his, wanted him to smile because Sherlock had made it so, wanted him to
. He wanted John to be able to sleep in his bed every night, even if they did nothing more than curl around each other before settling into sleep; he wanted to grumble to John about Mycroft and the complete
him, then at least he may know more about who it may be. And hopefully they could find him and move him to safety before the real murderer did. "I would still like to speak to him."
Sherlock shrugged easily. "There was no need. John and I had business to take care of, and we were sufficiently distracted to take the route through the forum without thinking."
"That was incredibly quick thinking and reacting, though, John," he said bracingly as they set off. John was still holding his hand, and he didn't know how he was supposed to react to that – could the gladiator have had a different reason for refusing his embrace than not wanting him, or was the hand-holding only an attempt to let him down gently?
Tonga was struggling to get up; John stepped closer and kicked the short sword out of his hand, possibly breaking a few fingers in the process. He stopped the wriggling efforts with the bite of the blade against the murderer's throat.
The little bottle was half-full after their previous use; John wondered whether this was the only use the bottle ever came to, or whether Sherlock perhaps used the same oil to clean himself or his furniture or his longsword that he kept hidden in the trunk at the foot of his bed.
It was Sherlock's turn to laugh. "Do not worry; the few times I met Dimmock he struck me as a boring and pompous simpleton. I hardly think 'respect' is the aim of his style of authority."
John squeezed his hand once for reassurance before he dropped it; Sherlock smiled briefly at his lover and crossed back to the door. It was usually obvious when houses had been broken into, but besides the damage Lestrade had done when he had mercilessly kicked it in, the door bore no signs of forced entry. Sherlock frowned. "Interesting," he muttered.
a risk, John. I cannot allow a gladiator from my own court to run the risk of facing a criminal sentenced to death and
Sherlock gave a small smile. There were other people who would be executed at the games, but it would not be unusual or difficult to ensure that John alone despatched this one criminal. "Very well."
"Well, I am relieved," Sherlock spoke lightly after his throat had cleared a little. "If you had turned me down I may have had to promote
The lanista was a quick and strong swordsman, though, and he needed to keep his eyes on him, to sense the tenses and changes in his muscle that pre-empted each movement a moment before the man moved so that John could block and parry and counter-strike in ways the older man would not expect. The last time he had wanted to impress the people around him so much, he mused somewhere in the middle, was when he asked Mary's parents for her hand in marriage.
The older man grinned in return. "I could," he agreed, squeezing the Sherlock's hand slightly. "Or I could simply walk you home."
of sheets, he was smiling. "Stop worrying. You are extraordinary, Sherlock - I would never have anticipated what you have done tonight, that you would take so much time to give
John pushed his lips outwards in something he would perhaps have called a pout on anyone else's face. "
about the way the younger man was staring at him. In the face of it his earlier arguments seemed to lose their relevance. This man
to deny it, if John was so willing to accommodate it. "My fantasies did not include Angelo and Gregson watching us," he said, not bothering to hide how hot his cheeks had become. If he had not been so attracted to the trappings of the arena then the two of them would not be here, it wasn't as though John would hold anything against him. "Inform the man outside that we are leaving, would you – to
He was rewarded with a grating sort of laugh from the lanista and a solid hand on his back. "Just be sure you do not get overconfident. The men in my arena know how to fight better than the rag-tag bunch in Dimmock's." The silver-haired fighter drew his sword again, moving away from John but not taking a preparatory stance, his face calm with contemplation. "I have never seen his Excellency react to anyone quite the way he seemed to react to you," he said slowly.
John pulled his lips away from Sherlock's, only to press them a moment later into the hollow of his chin, parting them to slide his hot tongue down the line of the Emperor's throat and rest his nose in the dip of his collarbone. Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head back as one sword-worn hand continued to work so
John tried to swallow the lump in his throat, but it stubbornly stayed put. "I know," he murmured back. "Thank you." He bent to kiss Sherlock, gentle and caring – he couldn't say it, he just
with which he wielded the sword and dipped and dived with it, that had Sherlock on edge and fidgeting on his seat. He wondered briefly whether he would have to stop watching the gladiators train or spend the rest of his days in a sort of perpetual state of arousal.
It wasn't just the sight of John's body, the way the muscles of his back rippled with each lunge. It was the way he was moving it, the ease and control and the pure
, John," he said, though the dignity of the words was somewhat lost when they devolved into a broken moan at the renewed feeling of John's mouth on his prick.
John looked at him sideways, looking momentarily shocked, before breaking out into a sudden, brilliant grin and tearing off down the sanded street. Sherlock blinked at the unexpected fervour from the older man before clueing in and racing off after him.
"If I am hurting you, if you wish me to stop, you have only to say," he reassured him. John's hands clutched at his back as the gladiator kissed him in return, languid and peaceful. So Sherlock gripped his own arousal and gently guided the head into John's body.
Sherlock felt his mouth fall open. He had thought that those words may have been on John's lips in the alleyway after they had arrested Tonga, but he hadn't thought that John would say them plainly like this, not clouded by arousal and with a determined expression on his face.
It was true that Sherlock was unlikely to be hurt with two extremely capable gladiators at his side – especially given that Angelo would be focussed only on Sherlock's safety, even where John might forget about it in favour of Small. Even so, he still felt vulnerable without the weight of his familiar weapon at his hip. He shifted uncomfortably. "How long have they been preparing to sail, Wiggins?" he asked, watching Small flap his hands at his surly-looking black accomplice, leaning heavily on his crutch.
at the same time that his very existence seemed paradoxical. But there was still a line, and he thought he may be discovering where that line was. "I will," he confirmed, watching Lestrade's face relax.
Sherlock considered the idea, surprised. "John?" he repeated. Lestrade looked at him steadily. "I see where you are coming from. He fights like no-one I have ever seen, it was what caught my eye about him. But… he is the newest gladiator to the arena."
Eventually, though, the sun raised itself so high it no longer came through the window and onto the bed, and so they wandered slowly down to the arena, hands clasped, John walking slowly and stiffly to disguise the fact that the Emperor had deemed his loincloth unfit to wear. He flinched at each gust of wind, unsure whether to act irritated or laugh at the fact that Sherlock gave a rich, delighted chuckle at each awkward tug John administered upon his toga.
"I am not simply looking for a body to fill my bed. I would wish you to... participate. Were I seeking simple gratification, there are many people here who have made it their trade. I wish to feel as though my desire is returned." He was completely aware of how pathetic the words sounded, but he had to make it clear what he wanted to avoid disappointment later. "I ask for a lot more than a sexual partner."
was completely at ease around him, but as she spoke of her loneliness and the sweetness of her eldest child her eyes flickered to Sherlock every now and again and she smiled warmly. When she started in on how worried she had been for John's safety – and his sanity, she added with a slightly stern look – the gladiator reached out for Sherlock's hand again.
Sherlock Holmes seemed to snap then out of some reverie, straightening with a sharp intake of breath and making for the door. "Very good. Off we go, then."
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief and squeezed John's hand. "I was afraid my heart would stop," he admitted. "I could not bear to lose you."
" he gasped out, his hands clenching into fists full of bedlinen. The other man smiled up at him, licked his lips, and then wrapped his lips around the top half of Sherlock's penis, his tongue squirming firmly around the underside.
The big man's face hardened visibly; he glanced from John to the boat and back to focus on Sherlock. "All right," he replied. "We should go, then."
"I will hold you to that," Sherlock assured him, feeling his eyes slide closed. "When you wake me before you leave."
The dimachaerus had sat down at the rickety kitchen table, so Sherlock sat beside him and was slightly surprised when John reached for his hand again beneath its surface, where Claudia couldn't see. He squeezed it as John took a deep breath. "I loved Mary very much," he said quietly. Claudia's face softened. "I was lost when she died. I could think of nothing else to do – and I do honestly believe that it was the right decision."
Still frowning mightily, Sherlock nodded. "I just do not want you to leave," he said, his voice smaller than ever.
John forced himself to snap out of it. "Of course," he replied. "It was… easier to look at under full cover of darkness."
to defend yourself should the need arise. But it is one thing being able to fend off a lust-driven would-be lover, and another entirely an attacker on the streets. Are you armed sufficiently?"
He stilled. "Oh? Who did he recommend?" he asked. Sherlock thought that there was a note of something in his voice – was it trepidation, or jealousy? Did John
A smile spread itself across Sherlock's face even as he shrugged away the compliment. "It is likely that even following the traces of blood from where the barbarian must have injured his foot we will only find ourselves at the alley where Sholto's body was found before Cerberus confuses the scent," he lamented. "But it is our best avenue of investigation, so… Quintus?"
John's heart leapt into his throat, but Angelo once again reacted with all the speed of a leaping tiger, yanking his knife from the prow of the boat and slashing it instead across the thick muscles of the big man's thigh. The fighter howled and dropped immediately to the deck, clutching his leg; Angelo jumped up and put a knee into his broad back, holding him down and pinning his arms.
Remembering Sherlock's various comments about the footprints in the other alley, John stepped closer and bent over the patch of sand he was being directed at. "It… is normal. There are no footprints, it looks barely disturbed. A clear patch of fresh sand."
Sherlock exhaled heavily and tilted his face up into the touch; on a whim, John gently replaced his fingers with his damp lips. The Emperor gasped, his hands clutching suddenly at the front of John's toga, not pushing him away or pulling him closer but just holding there, an anchor in the dark behind his eyelids. John let Sherlock feel the smile on his lips as he dragged them
At the sound, Holmes' head snapped around, the hood slipping further back and allowing a few curls to protrude over the lip. "Are you all right? If you need to leave, just say."
he knew things instead of muttering a demure "yes, my Lord" and going in the direction he had waved his hand. Never had anyone stared at him and said "brilliant!" quite the way John had done.
With a great sigh, Sherlock wrapped his lean body in the sheet from the bed and went to open the door. John watched with some amusement as he glared at the tall, thin man on the other side of the heavy door; Mycroft Holmes' gaze travelled visibly from the sheet to John to Sherlock's hands clutching the linen to his chest and his slightly menacing smile widened. John swallowed; careful as he had been, it was very possible the fabric of his loincloth had left marks on Sherlock's wrists. "Thank you, dear brother," Mycroft said softly. "You understand our concern, of course – I would not be surprised if the entire city heard you scream. Evidently we were mistaken about the nature of the sound."
had enough; much more and the vivid pleasure spiking quite obviously through Sherlock's slim body would turn agonisingly painful. "As you say," he murmured instead, drawing his hands through the last of the oil half-absorbed into Sherlock's chest and applying it gingerly to his prick, biting his tongue as hard as he could to hold back the pleasure.
The echo of the man's heartbeat in his throat was faint; John knew from men who had fallen into the Tigris at Ctesiphon that even if he managed to expel the water from his lungs he may not recover. Even so, he pressed and thumped at Small's chest, praying to Juno and all her gods and goddesses to give him just five more minutes, just so that he could see John one more time. He had things he wanted to say, and things he wanted to hear.
The bottom fell out of John's stomach. "What?" He took a moment to process the previous conversation. "You mean that you actually intend to go to the place where she was found and investigate her death yourself, my Lord? Tonight?"
John grinned down at him. "Perhaps, my Lord – Sherlock," he corrected himself. Sherlock placed his hands on the older man's hips; as if this were a prompt, John reached up to place the gentlest of touches on Sherlock's dark curls. "But
, the flashes of irritation that clouded his face when John had stopped to ask him to explain something he had said. The way he so briskly handed out orders as though he had no doubt that they would be followed. And yet – from how John had always imagined an Emperor would behave, he was almost scrupulously polite. He had played at Emperor and Slave as a child through the streets like everyone else, a game which had led him to imagine first one Emperor, and then the next, as a harsh and unforgiving man who was really nothing like a man at all. Sherlock Holmes was nothing like he had expected.
"Oh, dear," the elder lilted, turning the tablet he was looking at over idly in his hands. "You really are besotted."
He had meant for this to last, but somehow he had known it wouldn't. Not after he'd been wound tighter than a ballista with anticipation since the previous night. Carefully, not bearing to cease the snapping of his hips, he slid down until his chest touched John's, until their entire bodies joined and rubbed against each other with each thrust, increasing the sensations tenfold. Somewhat desperately, he bent his head and kissed John, his tongue mimicking the motions of his hips, and John responded eagerly, his hands still hot and firm on Sherlock's shoulders, pulling him closer, harder. Their bodies moved together in frantic synchronisation, in and out like their breaths as they had run last night.
His next jab at the man's chest was deflected quickly and John had to dart out of the way of a smooth strike to his thigh – the one that had been injured the last time that he and Tonga had fought. It still ached slightly when he woke up in the mornings, but he'd been training as normal since it had stopped opening and bleeding when he lunged, so Lestrade had judged him fit to compete in the Saturnalia festival and they had left it at that.
The elder Holmes made a gesture of impatience. "As a consulate motion, I doubt it has any other option. Minerva forbid you be tasked with the actual
He was still treating John as though he commanded him – John had commented on that once. It felt like so long ago, but it was really only a matter of weeks. And it had been true then, Sherlock supposed; he had treated John as though he were some kind of ancient, lascivious Greek pottery because he had been trying so hard to avoid the fact that he
John was perfectly fine with this development; he bent his back to slide his lips into a more favourable position alongside Sherlock's and kissed him hard, trying to convey his need to stay here and just do this to the other man, firmly manipulating his lips and tongue until Sherlock was whimpering, his hands sliding up and down John's chest and scratching enticingly against his nipples.
"Shall I come back to the palace with you? You may as well keep the cloak. If I store it in the gladiator's quarters someone is bound to ask about it at some time."
"I… yes – I want…" John stuttered in reply. Grinning like a fool, Sherlock reached up to the small jar of oil on the table by the bed and nuzzled his face into John's neck.
The Emperor looked up at him. "Small splashes of blood," he explained as though it were obvious. "If she was not killed there, then it follows that they must have killed her elsewhere and then carried her to where she was found. That stomach wound must still have been bleeding, therefore when they carried her blood must have dripped. It should be a trail back to the original scene, which with any luck will be far more telling."
The hand on his abdomen moved south as John's lips moved forward, and both made contact with their respective goals at the same time; Sherlock pressed into the gentle kiss as John's hand slid over his groin, cupping and squeezing tentatively. A small contented noise escaped his mouth and he rocked his hips forward lazily.
him. If he were around them enough, they began to treat him in much the same manner as they treated Lestrade; with the respect owing to their superior, but a certain degree of comfortable affection that all the noble men in Rome could not seem to bring themselves to show him. He felt as though he had
"So now we know how a one-legged man could commit such brutal murder," Sherlock summarised, standing up again. "Perhaps he met his acquaintance on a tour with the military and bartered a favour with him – judging by the pattern of Small's crutch-prints in the other room, he was a paid confederate, not a slave coerced into helping him. Most likely Small promised him a share of Mary's sestertii."
He nodded again. The stylus that had been tapping between his fingers finally flew out of his hand and skittered along the floor; Sherlock sighed and clasped his fingers together. "I obviously did not call you here for idle discourse on my arena, pleasant as such discourse is," he said after a deep breath.
He closed his eyes for a moment to better regain his breath, leaning over Sherlock with one hand on his chest, feeling the frantic
snapped under the tension and let out a guttural roar, rushing at one of the other fighters with his sword held high over his head. The man he had rushed at stood back, his shield held loosely to one side, sword twitching in his right hand. Sherlock risked another glance at Lestrade, who had sat back, shaking his head.
the knowing sneer directed towards him from his brother's direction and it rankled slightly; why should Mycroft look at him like that when he had no idea what Sherlock had done and why he had done it?
The thing was, though, he wasn't sure that it was. Far from ridding him of his desire for the gladiator, their agreement had
Look at us. You have semen spread over your belly and sweat glistening in your hair, and I imagine I must look little better. We ought to wash properly, rather than just rinse ourselves down.
They stood looking at each other for a moment, Sherlock drinking in the sight of Watson's body unadorned with sweat, clean and at peace in a simple toga that failed to hide the impressive curve of his pectorals, Watson looking nervously around the room; Sherlock noticed that his eyes returned every few seconds to his Emperor's face as though he was finding it difficult to keep them away. He smiled. "I assume Lestrade granted you an extra week to acclimatise yourself before involving you properly in bouts?" he asked finally. Watson's eyebrows twitched into a tiny frown.
John smiled back at him. "I do not think he has it in him to be rough," he replied. "He is ever the perfect gentleman."
Nightfall found Sherlock two steps behind John Watson as he knocked on his late wife's mother's door.
Sherlock spared him a moment's sympathetic smile before bending the torch closer to examine the ground around the stain. "Ah! See, I was right. You can see here on the ground, the arrangement of footprints." He looked up as though expecting John to follow and look where he was pointing, but simply the thought of moving nearer to the smear of Mary's blood made his stomach turn. Sherlock turned back to it looking slightly put out.
John chuckled amiably. "Understandable," he accepted. Besides, anything beyond what he had already said seemed
As they left together, he watched the swish of the black cloak over the taller man's shoulders and thought that he must owe Holmes the best shag of his life to repay this.
Sherlock joined in his laughter. "Mrs Hudson taught me," he admitted. "We were just two people in the marketplaces, people had no idea who I was. I wanted to keep it that way, so she taught me how to blend in, and that meant haggling. We both looked like we had money, so people put up their prices when they saw us coming."
The dimachaerus' calloused hand gently travelled up his side and down again to his hip in a motion that was supposed to be soothing but instead served to add to the sparks of arousal shooting through his body, as though John's fingers were tinder against the flint of Sherlock's skin and the one caressing the other would lead to Sherlock's entire body being set alight. He drew in a shaky breath and shifted to allow his growing erection a little more comfort.
was the one with his back against the alley wall. John's breath left him in a surprised huff, but his eyes darkened and the corners of his mouth twisted up as Sherlock swooped in for another harsh kiss. His hands travelled around to grab two sure handfuls of Sherlock's rear and yank forwards; Sherlock bent his knees slightly so that their groins rubbed together. At the ensuing quickly-stifled noise from John's mouth, he decided he may as well finish the job and dropped the rest of the way onto his knees between John's legs.
"I only insist on being stupid because it gets such a rise out of you," he chuckled fondly. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but a smile fought at the corners of his mouth. He knew the older man wasn't really stupid, of course. But the fact that he never scrambled out of the way when Sherlock told him that he was had always been too good not to take advantage of. If he told anyone else that they were stupid, they would flinch and apologise and look crushed. When he told Lestrade he was stupid, the lanista rolled his eyes and smiled, usually accompanying some kind of remark about Sherlock's own greater-than-normal intelligence. It was deliciously refreshing. "But you have not answered my question, my Lord."
Finally it subsided, wave by wave until they both lay senseless and panting, Sherlock half on top of John until he recovered himself enough to roll off, the sheets twisting around his ankles from where they had been pushed away. "That," Sherlock panted after he caught his breath, "was –"
A moment of this brought the patience that John had hitherto been proud of to an end; the noise in his throat was embarrassingly like a growl as he pushed forwards, Sherlock obediently sliding backwards on the bed and allowing John to climb over him. This feeling in his throat was something he had never felt with Mary, this need to
Sherlock tuttted in irritation. "There are many clustered very close together," he explained impatiently. "Indicating that he was either fidgeting or pacing. In a man with only one leg, this must surely be a sign of the most extreme agitation. It cannot have been necessary for Sholto to die – surely threatening him would have been sufficient once the cause of Mary's death had been explained to him. Small and Sholto were close friends. Perhaps the barbarian confederate killed him without Small's instruction."
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow at them. "He has very clear anatomical knowledge." The bigger gladiator jerked forwards in a sharp feint, laughing easily and throwing what was clearly another jibe at the shorter man which Watson ignored, legs set in readiness. Sherlock crossed his legs to hide his arousal, not looking back to see whether Mycroft had noticed the gesture. "There are few occupations which afford such education; it would be all the more remarkable if a physician had chosen to –"
"Sherlock," he corrected, turning to face the older man, almost reaching for him but catching himself before his hands left his sides. "Thank
John raised his remaining weapon between his eyes, inclining his head politely at the other man, and then flicked it off to the side and bent his back slightly in a tiny bow. He wasn't sure whether he expected Tonga to return the salute until he did, that confident half-smile still on his face.
when they arrived at the arena; the image in his mind of John dressed for the arena, still panting and covered in sweat and oil and approaching him, would certainly not have allowed him to last the morning had he
The other man was still smiling his grotesque grin. Nausea rose in John's chest. "We shall see," the murderer growled.
John smiled back. "He wants to help," he said softly. Claudia stepped aside to let him into the house, and Sherlock smiled at her, stooping to avoid bumping his head on the low doorframe. The hood covered his eyes, but his mouth at least should be visible.
Sherlock began to twitch desperately as he watched John, a hand between each of their legs. "John, please," he said, his voice breaking into yelps of pleasure, "please, you must stop –
The lanista looked up from where he was seated on the bottom tier of the stands. The two gladiators lazily stepping around each other paused and nodded to Sherlock as he entered the arena to sit beside the older man. "Your Excellency," Lestrade replied, raising a hand in a lazy salute.
Sherlock's eyes flicked almost guiltily to his face; at seeing the amused look on John's face, his own twisted into a smile. "I certainly see something I
The bigger man rolled his eyes slightly. "I cannot imagine how I would feel knowing that something that was such a big part of my life was almost over. Without the need for revenge so many things will be possible for you."
John tried not to let his body betray any of the emotions that the knowledge sent spinning through his body. Sherlock's older brother knew exactly what John had just done to him. "Will he do anything?" he asked, but he thought he already knew the answer; the look on Mycroft Holmes' face had been one of open, savage amusement, but not one of malice.
Secondly, I already have planned another sort of historical epic to replace this one (just me this time, no
"If you'll forgive me for bringing it up," Sherlock mused, his eyes back on the corpse, "Mary's body was similarly disfigured, but death was caused by a stroke to the neck. It is possible that the two were killed by the same people, although
sure – what that was supposed to mean, but he kept a wary eye on the feeling as the Emperor readily submitted to him, his large hands creeping firmly up John's back and holding him close as they kissed hard and slowly.
They stopped before the final door to the court; Sherlock ducked quickly into a side-passage that John had not even noticed was there and returned with two torches. John took one; he had not entirely finished processing that the Emperor had left his side before he was back and already darting on ahead. He shook his head as he picked up his footsteps to catch up: he supposed it was a part of the role of Emperor and
Sherlock didn't let him go, not releasing his fingers or removing his weight from pinning John's stocky body to the column. "I wish you would not," he said softly, kissing his jaw hard enough to turn his head. "I wish there was a way I could give you the excitement of the arena without taking the risk of losing you."
He snapped forwards for a cut at the big man's shoulder, but he was blocked easily; they parried for a while, back and forth just like a training exercise gone wrong. There was a breeze sweeping down the tiers of the arena and making the hairs on John's back stand up. He growled and dived forwards, sliding his sword up to cut through the other man's belly only to find his other sword already in the way, their bodies close together, the convict's breath blowing hotly against his cheek. "You should be," the man said, and without warning shoved John so hard that he staggered backwards.
Sherlock stared at the corner where he had disappeared for a moment, before retiring to his bedchamber and pulling the sheets over his head to block out the rise of the sun.
To take his mind of the irrationally possessive thought, he pulled his lips away from John's and whispered against them, "Come to bed with me."
Lestrade smiled tightly. "You would have to ask him," he said, "but I can assure you it is plenty exciting, my Lord. Should he wish it, very little about his life would change." Lestrade occasionally joined in the weekly fights in the court arena, Sherlock knew – the only thing that really needed to change for John would be his inability to fight in the
Sherlock had stood up; he could see the figure in his peripheral vision, his dark curls bobbing as he shouted furiously at someone John couldn't see.
Sherlock tilted his head and raised the torch in his hand so that John could see the calculating expression manifesting itself over his sharp cheekbones. "No," he said, his voice suddenly lower, the corners of his mouth etching tiny dimple-like lines in his cheeks. "The man who lives here – lives here alone, has done for quite some time – shows characteristic signs of having served time in the military, likely elsewhere in the Empire. The things he has seen still haunt him at night and he finds it difficult to sleep. I would be hugely surprised if we woke him."
Perhaps not right outside the Circus Maximus, though, he reasoned. With one last suckling press of lips and tongues, he withdrew his mouth from John's and rested their foreheads together, blowing a quiet laugh against his cheek. John chuckled back.
was not a word he'd heard describing him before; striking, perhaps, but it wasn't the same thing. He reached up a hand to cup John's jaw, the skin smooth: he'd shaved before coming, then. "May I kiss you?" he asked softly.
The lanista wrinkled his nose. "That does not sound like my Emperor," he mused, scratching at the stubble he had neglected to shave. "I have always attributed it to being in a position of such power, but he has always been dismissive and rude in my company."
," Sherlock retorted. He smiled at Claudia. "I occasionally assist the city lawkeepers," he told her. "They share John's inability to see what has been laid in front of them, and I find the puzzle of working it out a welcome change from the drone of politicians."
Sherlock made a noise of frustration. "No. No, he cannot be. We would have woken him by now, in any case –"
They followed the road, John looking over Holmes' shoulder to see every time the Emperor stopped to point out another sestertius-sized splash of something dark. This time when it turned, however, there was a shout from around the corner.
the man until it was a burning desperation that threatened to shatter his control. "She had a name," he said instead, amazed at the way the words almost sounded calm, even through teeth clenched so tightly that his jaw ached.
"That depends on how ridiculously stupid you insist on being this afternoon," he retorted. The lanista laughed.
John Watson smiled again. "I understand, my Lord." The arenarius held his gaze for a few moments longer. "I will see you tomorrow."
He shot John a quick smile. The gladiator's response to his sudden declaration that morning was still at the front of his mind: he had not expected him to return the sentiment, of course, but he could not deny that John's disbelief and subsequent change of subject had not hurt. But John had said, not half an hour before Sherlock had let the
Mary's – to the waste heap outside. Sherlock watched with some amusement as Lestrade leaped forward and delivered a solid kick to the door, grinning in delight as it crashed open before him. Lestrade was evidently enjoying himself; Sherlock smiled at him, remembering the early days of his apparently unhealthy interest in the outside world, when his father had used to send the young gladiator Sherlock had taken such a shine to out into the city with him like a bodyguard.
means that my body belongs to you, and yours to me – if I wish to touch you, I will do so, and I trust that if the touch is not welcome, you will tell me. Do you understand what I mean?"
"No," John admitted, "but in a fight to the death, there is not much that you can do unfairly. I have been trained as a gladiator, Sherlock, the entire purpose of our profession is to be prepared for the dirty moves of desperate men. In the Circus Maximus, there
"Goodnight, Sherlock," the dimachaerus said gently when they broke apart, and then he turned and almost fled from his sight.
Sherlock cursed; the moment the door to the arena flew open he had grabbed John by the wrist and started to run, with only a cursory call of, "Come on, John!" to warn him that they were leaving.
He wasn't sure when Watson had become 'John' in his mind, either. Mycroft would say that it wasn't healthy – he
," John repeated. "Please let me look at it." He took another step until he was right beside the taller man, a hand gently asserting itself against his lower back.
He raised an eyebrow at this somewhat obvious statement, but he was not yet certain that he trusted his voice to speak. John, smiling softly but still tense, his shoulders hunched uncomfortably and his fists clenched, voiced the slightly sarcastic, "Yes," that was in his mind anyway.
." Sherlock raised an eyebrow in acknowledgement, allowing John to roll them back over, their feet dangling off the edge of the bed. The dimachaerus kissed him, briefly, then knelt up over him with a bright grin. "We should go now." He kissed Sherlock's spent cock before climbing off him and holding out a hand.
He bent to pick up the sword he had wrested from his wife's murderer, and then sank into a bow to the Emperor and left the arena. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock, too, make his exit.
this: not simply being physically intimate with someone else, but this specifically, this waking up with the sun streaming through the window and warming the very corners of his heart while another body curled lazily around his, this wanting to bury himself in said other body's arms and never acknowledge the world again because he had everything he would ever need wrapped around him like a womb.
John arrived at the door to Sherlock's bedchamber almost trembling with nervous anticipation. He was not certain that the Emperor had the same intentions for the night as he did; they had simply agreed to meet, not what they would be doing. It was possible – even likely, considering his enthusiasm the previous night – that Sherlock had entirely forgotten that there
Gradually, under the onslaught of John's lips and tongue, the skin beneath his stroking fingertips relaxed enough that John felt comfortable enough to slip his index finger past the ring of muscle and into the warmth beyond. Sherlock gasped, his hips arching off the bed so that John's finger immediately withdrew, his hands moving to Sherlock's hips to soothe and still him.
"Her name was Mary," he growled, jabbing the sword just hard enough to draw blood and watch the dark eyes widen in the sudden fear of the man who knows he has lost. "And she was my entire world."
why he had overreacted, but that did not justify it. And if he did not concentrate on the upcoming fight, he was going to get hurt. "I am fine," he assured the older warrior, more truthfully this time. Lestrade smiled.
She smiled weakly. "Yes, dear, I am fine – one of your children came to see me this morning. A little girl –
There was something about Sherlock that contradicted his age, a naiveté that shone through his grey-green eyes that squeezed at John's heart. There were so many things he did not know, brilliant though John believed his mind to be. Things that every child in the city was taught or simply learned themselves through trial and error Sherlock did not seem to know; astrology, mythology,
Sherlock grinned. "No." He let his eyes drift back to the two gladiators, exchanging blows with startling precision, long limbs a skillful, sinuous dance. Knowing Lestrade was still watching him and waiting, he sighed. "Yes, it is for the reason that you think," he told him. "But you already know that I am not about to force him."
"Thank you," John whispered against his lips before immediately plunging back into the kiss. Sherlock held on for dear life, but then his lover's lips and teeth diverted to his neck, and bile rose in his throat and he had to push John quickly away.
John gaped at him, his jaw hanging obviously open until Sherlock's eyebrow made a wry skywards bid. "A-are you certain?" he stuttered helplessly.
Sherlock nodded. "He has nothing to lose. He welcomes the danger." He couldn't stop himself – and wasn't in the habit of trying – from sitting up closer to the edge of the box, peering at the cage on the other side of the arena. "He enjoys the adrenaline."
"Right. Fantastic. Are you ready? I'm afraid we have something of a time to keep." In reply, John hefted his small pile of clothing topped with his two swords and the oils used to clean them. Lestrade cracked an almighty grin. "Fantastic," he repeated.
"They will scream for you next," he said brightly. His hand rested on John's back for a heartbeat longer than necessary. "If you are
. "Yes, it is," the younger man said slowly, turning back to look at it. "The sign of four, in fact."
Nero also rubbed a man's skin off with a fish as punishment for disturbing him. You are not seriously comparing yourself to Nero. Put that down, I am not about to change my mind simply because your fingers are inside me. Sherlock. We need to talk about this properly.
"One auctoratus," Lestrade added at the prompt. Sherlock looked at him in interest; auctorati, the volunteer gladiators, were always interesting. "You might have heard of him, actually. John Watson, his wife was murdered five months ago. It is his first bout as an arenarius."
, a part of his brain thought to interrupt, but John couldn't pay attention to it – with each thrust.
that this was what Sherlock wanted, that he would not turn around when it was over and make out that John had forced him. No matter how things looked, no matter which of them was tied to the bed, it was John who was being laid bare, trusting his partner with his life.
Sherlock moaned as the arenarius writhed in pleasure beneath him, his own thin fingers dancing teasingly up his penis, flicking over the head just enough to catch the pre-come and spread it around, his fingers still slick with the oil he had used to prepare John. The sight of it, of his own pale fingers over the other man's thick and throbbing arousal, of John with his head thrown back, his mouth open to allow the stream of half-formed words and noises to pour out, made Sherlock's own prick tremble and his hips drive harder; he couldn't understand any of the words that the auctoratus was using, but he could make out the occasional
. Sherlock crossed to the window and threw the shutters open. "Small cannot have come through here," he muttered. "But perhaps…"
"Sherlock," his brother reprimanded. "This is not a political move. This is fear for your well-being. John Watson is a dangerous man. You cannot have him in this capacity without placing a certain element of trust in his hands, and a trained fighter with a deep resentment for the state is not a man you want to trust like that."
Tentatively, pausing every few moments as though the gesture was a struggle against nature, the Emperor reached out and wrapped his long fingers around John's penis. John gasped – Sherlock's fingers were thinner and more dextrous than his own, and they caught on his foreskin on every upstroke in a way that made him shudder and groan. When, after a few minutes, Sherlock placed his tongue between his teeth in concentration and employed his other hand to heft and cup John's testicles, he gave a final grunt of his
He let the other man stew for a moment longer. "I can barely believe that this is…" Lestrade tried finally. "I wish to… I want to retire."
John chuckled. "If only one thing." He breathed a few more times, his hands wrapping around Sherlock's back, holding him close. "Would you... make that movement again?"
The dimachaerus grinned, looking delighted at the prospect. Sherlock gently excused them both and led Lestrade back out into the empty arena to sit on the tiers. "Are you certain you are all right?" he asked. "I have never seen you looking so flustered."
John had lifted his head and claimed his mouth again, cutting off his sentence. The kiss was hard, John's hand weaving into his hair and pulling it, and for a moment Sherlock thought he'd said something wrong. When John let him go, however, his head falling back onto the bed with a
"I… Claudia sold it," John answered, still looking as though the point of the conversation had escaped him. "Once the merchant knew it was yours, he paid well for it. There was a wooden safe-box in the living room of their house where she kept the sestertii."
Lestrade jerked his head back towards the body. "The Emperor… when he finds something to occupy his mind, he pursues it to the exclusion of all else."
John shrugged. "Perhaps," he conceded. "Perhaps we should go without loincloths. It would make it easier for me to take you in my old bedchamber."
Holmes smiled slowly. "Evidently." He took a tentative step forwards. "If you wish to postpone… if you are not ready to revisit the place where she was found…"
The spectacle done with, the fight progressed, but Sherlock hardly paid the others any attention, watching Watson carefully to try and catch that moment of thought where his eyes and peripheral limbs twitched slightly and betrayed the plans dancing around his brain. Each time, though, if the dimachaerus made such a movement at all, it was too minute for Sherlock to pick up from the box. All the warning each new opponent was given that Watson was about to strike was a split-second tensing of his muscles.
felt like this. Never had he felt as though his entire body would explode with pleasure, as though being inside John somehow caused every nerve in his body to burn and
Then Sherlock turned his head back and shifted his body timidly underneath John's. "Would you take me?" he asked. "As I took you on our first night?"
John turned to him as the children filtered away, some hanging around to present him with minor scrapes, complaints, or trinkets they had made for him and watched as he tore strips from the bottom of his toga to bandage a scratch on a girl's arm and kissed her on the forehead once he was done. "Look at you," he said softly once they were gone. "You act as though you have no heart, and yet you are possibly the best human being that I have ever met. You
John woke slowly in someone's arms, long toes digging into his lower calf and thick curls halfway up his nostrils. It should not have been pleasant, but he smiled and clutched his Emperor tighter to him nonetheless.
"Amazing," John finished, nodding slowly. "Entirely not what I was expecting. I… thank you, my Lord."
The taller gladiator grinned. "Off to a better place, no doubt," he said wryly, his eyes on Sherlock. "Would you like help?" His eyes wandered between the two of them, the same wry grin toying with his mouth. "Or privacy?"
He frowned. "We need further help," he said, looking down at John. "Help that for various reasons I would prefer Lestrade and Quintus not to know about."
Sherlock shook his head minutely, watching the huge hound snuffling at something underneath the room's shuttered window. "Lestrade," he directed at the lanista behind him. "Fetch the candle from the other room, would you?"
Immediately, his target lunged forward and dealt him a ringing blow to the side of the head. John staggered, shaking his head to clear it of the sound and the fuzz of disorientation, but the hulking black fighter was already gone, leaping past him onto the other boat; Sherlock took a step towards him and John cried out to him – he was unarmed, he had no chance whatsoever and John
Sherlock smiled softly and squeezed John's hand in his. He remembered the panic he had felt as a teenager on that street, watching the little redhead girl dressed in rags screaming at her mother and knowing that neither his father nor Mycroft would do anything to help them.
Watson turned his blithely cheerful smile on the Briton now, as the solid ginger-haired man stepped over the body between them, his broad-bladed sword steady. Sherlock sent the lanista another glance; the dimachaerus didn't look as though he was going to defend himself. Was that his purpose in becoming a gladiator? The most public suicide imaginable?
. I often feel that since I took the lanista position you barely know which weapons each of your gladiators favour.
But Tonga waited. Just as John had after the cut to his opponent's side, he waited for John to recover himself slightly, still laughing, perhaps believing John to have been completely incapacitated.
John's hands shifted from his scalp to his neck. "So," he breathed into his hair. "You will need to find a new lanista."
Lestrade had been a principal part of his life for so long, first as his means to freedom – a young gladiator that his father had allowed to take him places and keep him out from underfoot – and then as his lanista, the expert on the thing that he loved the most. The man who had found him John. What would he do, if not his job? Did he want to leave the court, leave
, yes," he replied. "He is giving up his position as my lanista in order to become my brother's lover."
Seeing an opportunity with only one arm engaged in defence, the Briton twisted quickly out of the reach of the knife and slung his own in a desperate, crushing blow to the head. Watson reacted seemingly without thinking, raising both his swords in a cross to block the blow, then quickly disengaging and slashing at the warrior's legs.
Lestrade paused a moment longer, frowning at the shadow of a cloud crawling across the sand of the arena. "John Watson's military experience gives him a thorough knowledge of almost all the weapons that we use in the arena, and training him in the style of a
John tried: his whole face screwed up in concentration. Sherlock watched in consternation; thinking that difficult looked almost painful. He felt a sudden spasm of crippling fondness for the man in front of him. "I am sorry."
The dimachaerus frowned at him, sitting up and rearranging his legs into a more serious position. Sherlock fidgeted uncontrollably. He had expected John to be more…
Sherlock's fists clenched at the slight. "Excuse me?" he asked hotly, even as John's hand closed around his upper arm, pleading him to leave it.
It hardly took moments before the lanky body folded undignifiedly into the sand, the spray of red decorating the leather undergarments of the men on either side. Lestrade tutted as the crowd erupted into cheers. "About bloody time," he growled. Sherlock chuckled.
Once again I'm sorry about the wait - I had the mid-semester rush to contend with and then I've had a really terrible last few days. Thanks so much to everyone who commented last chapter - you made me so proud of my co-author. Not that I wasn't terrifically proud of him in the first place.
Angelo chuckled and slung the prone body of Mary's killer over his back. "Well played, John," he rumbled. "Next stop for this one, the Circus Maximus."
John took his hand and yanked him into his former bedchamber, pressing him up against the bars of the cage and kissing him. "Would you want me in gladiatorial dress,
For a while he had thought that the tall ruler would attempt to limit the weapons that he sent John into the arena with, or send someone else out with him in case the fight began to look evenly-matched. But it was with his two short blades in hand that John stood underneath the cages, frowning out at the convicted prisoners attempting to outrun the three unfamiliar gladiators in the Circus arena, the sweat from a previous contest cooling on his chest.
His face twitched into a smile as the stationary gladiator sprang forwards suddenly and slashed a line along the Croatian warrior's stomach, propelling the man back slightly before he collapsed to the sand. The lanista shook his head sadly. "It is the pressure," he commented lowly. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "You must be able to handle the pressure of thousands of people wanting you dead, and come out on the other side. It is not just about being able to hold a sword. It is the mental side that conquers them."
Huge thanks to Mr_CSI, who wasn't expecting about half of this chapter. Similar-sized thanks to Alex, my Latin tutor, for hearing that I was writing something set in ancient Rome and immediately teaching me the Latin for 'penis' and 'blowjob', as though it was read that I would need them. One day I will use them, I promise.
, my Lord," he replied, standing up with an exaggerated creaking of bones. "But I do not think that I will try. I happen to adore every recalcitrant, obnoxious bone in his body just as it is."
Sherlock almost tripped over a misplaced stone in the street, the screams and sounds of the city's centre loud in his ears. "No," he replied quickly.
"Yes. He is closely concerned with the way the circuses are run. I would say his constant presence was irritating if he were anyone else. You may want to attempt to get used to him, it is likely he will be around a lot."
But things had not changed for John the same way that they had for Sherlock; he had had to bite his lips to hold in the declaration of love that had wanted to escape him once more that morning to avoid the stinging pain in his chest when John smiled at him and did not reply. He knew that John desired him – that much was delightfully obvious – but would it be enough once their initial agreement was over to keep him in Sherlock's bed? And if it was, would Sherlock settle for simple desire, for the smiles when he told John that he loved him and the constant fear that he would change his mind?
He grinned, slightly stunned. "Thank you." His own hand covered John's, feeling the callouses worn by the twin swords, rough against the smooth skin of his chest. He pulled them closer together and kissed him again. John tasted of seeds and oil and the warmth of a fire in a grate, and Sherlock delved deeper, immersing himself in it.
Sherlock grinned. He'd known that he would – if John joined the gladiators to escape Mary's death then he needed the adrenaline of the fight. "As did I," he said, smiling brightly. "Very much."
Watson swallowed nervously. "Very well, my Lord. Lestrade is an exceptionally fair and good-natured man."
"Does it hurt?" he asked quietly, licking the sweat from the patch of skin on which his mouth resided.
as informally as I have been," he admitted. "But I have tried nonetheless, because for this to work, I must believe that wherever in society we each were born and live, as
Your body slumps against mine – I support you, of course I do, though my own legs are trembling like mad, while you find your feet and gradually peel yourself away from me, lacing our fingers together. Of course, Sherlock, it is difficult to remove your toga with my hand attached to yours, but you are finding that out on your own.
The dimachaerus was looking at him with his mouth open; it took a moment for Sherlock to realise that the expression was not awe, but incredulous shock of a more negative kind. "
They wandered through the square idly so as to blend in better with the other people packed into the city centre; a few people glanced at Sherlock more than once, looking puzzled, but most dismissed him. He could feel John fidgeting beside him, clearly itching to argue the point Sherlock had made earlier. It was somewhat comforting to know that he had the last word over this matter, that John could not risk his life here again if Sherlock did not wish it.
He curled his fingers downwards accidentally and bumped something inside; Sherlock's sharp cry of bewildered pleasure caught him by surprise. "All right?" he asked lightly, stopping the movement of his fingers until his lover pushed his hips down against them in protest.
"I wish to conduct an assessment of trust," he said, his voice slightly clinical underneath the halting timidity.
And then after, when they had run, John's hand clutched tight and sweaty in his own, the sound of his laugh echoing behind him, Sherlock's whole body had imploded with adrenaline.
The cages at the other end of the arena rattled and John caught a glimpse of a hulking figure waiting, its head bowed. He placed a reverent kiss to the blue flower on the handkerchief, and then dropped it in the sand beside him and drew his swords, thrusting them into the air amidst the cheers.
Watson and the tanned, burly man drew closer, circling among the jeers and catcalls from the crowd; the other man was clearly a seasoned fighter and already a crowd favourite, but many people seemed to have realised that the stocky Roman possessed a startling amount of talent and Watson was not unsupported. As they approached each other, the burly man shouted something which was swallowed by the crowd; Sherlock didn't catch it, but he saw the shorter man's face twist into a snarl of rage. Those eyes – he couldn't make out what colour they were – flickered quickly over the man's body, up and down, lingering on his stomach, carotid artery point, jugular. Sherlock's own eyes widened; he
It felt like preparing him took forever, Sherlock's whole body thrumming with impatience, but he kept the agonizingly slow pace because John's own fingers were clutching at his arm with the same rhythm and his eyelids were fluttering and he looked so
"You do not have to do it yourself," Sherlock said, but he already knew that John would not step aside and let someone else do it, and sure enough John was already shaking his head. "I am sorry," he told him quietly. "But this is the best I can do."
The Emperor tilted his head to one side as John finally looked up. "May I ask where you gained your impressive knowledge of human anatomy?"
Watson grinned at him, that startling, open grin again that made Sherlock's heart thump wildly in his chest. He made a show of looking at the ceiling of the bedchamber as though thinking about it. "Yes," he repeated firmly.
A sharp jerk from the person occupying his left hand wrenched his other sword free; assuming him now defeated, the others backed off and allowed the Black slave to claim the victory.
Only you enjoy it when I am demanding, or we would not be here. Lie back and pass me that bottle; I want to own you, so brittle and godlike on my rickety slave's bed, surrounded by
Lestrade took a few deep breaths, as though to steel himself. "I… have an unorthodox request, my Lord," he said after a moment.
Sherlock hadn't wanted him to do this. If Tonga defeated him how would it look for him? And what would he think of John?
Sherlock sent a scornful glance at the lawkeepers now swarming over Small's corpse, hoping that his lanista would not see how violently he was still trembling. "Is that – Jupiter. The man from the arena."
He shrugged. It seemed careless, but the two of them both knew that it was anything but. "I wish to grow old with you," John said quietly. "I cannot do that if I am killed in the arena."
The gladiators had positioned themselves a reasonable distance apart, and at the trumpet they started towards each other, some lumbering and confident, others hesitant and jumpy.
Sherlock had buried his face in John's chest until John could feel his eyelashes fluttering against his sternum. "I
He tried not to doubt it, tried to keep his face neutral and his mouth shut, but confusion won out quickly. "Where are we going, my Lord, that I may need more than a dagger to protect myself?"
He surveyed the children in front of him; two of them he had not seen before, and these he smiled at reassuringly. "And –
Slowly, his eyes never leaving John's, Sherlock's hands moved to grip John's hips tightly and push him another inch backwards. Then the lanky ruler whimpered, tipped his head back, and started to thrust.
is that it works because the people involved believe themselves to be equals, personally, no matter their stations." He reached out and smoothed the frown that had formed on Sherlock's face. "It terrifies me for someone in my position to be addressing
The older man rolled his shoulders into an easy shrug. "I was impressed by your performance too. None of us were expecting anything like it. Your disabling of the tendons in that last man's wrist was masterful."
He shook his head, smiling. "I do not think that you would," he said. "And besides, as I said – I have never seen anyone fight the way that you do. I console myself with the knowledge that you are
After another, more languid kiss, John pulled away and stared down the alley at the patch of sand that had been re-swept to erase the signs of Sholto's blood, at the gaudy
John pulled up short beside him, looking bewildered. "He… liked the dice. I do not think he realised quite how much he was losing until they imprisoned him, but once he discovered that his family knew, he paid his debt in service in the military."
Personally, John doubted that he would be any less intimidated when the moment came. He allowed himself another brief glance towards the man; now that he knew he was there, he was impossible to miss, the purple and white of his toga stark against the grey stone of the stands. It was enormously distracting.
John smiled absently, staring through the bars of the cage once more. Angelo let him stare for a while; at first John thought he would leave, then the bigger man clamped a hand amiably on his shoulder. "It is important to him that you do this one thing his way," Angelo said quietly. When John looked up at him his face was genuinely concerned. "
The Emperor watched him for a moment before answering. "Had you died, I never would have forgiven you," he said quietly. "But I… I
He and Angelo walked away; Lestrade, however, rounded on Sherlock with a slight frown on his face. "You know you are welcome in the gladiators' mess. You have joined us before."
It was frantic, as though John had been drowning without him and could not breathe him in deeply enough; Sherlock melted against the wall and tugged him closer, so close that it felt like one further pull might see his chest begin to swallow John's completely. John's hands were harsh in his hair and around his hip, and Sherlock's mind surrendered to the scraping of his fingernails, the unbearable sensation of a fast-growing hardness against his thigh.
Sherlock, I can barely think." This time the Emperor chuckled against his lips, rocking his hips up lazily into John's so that their arousals throbbed together. "I have never done this before, I cannot promise you that it will not hurt."
The three of them broke into a sprint, Angelo throwing puzzled looks between them as he kept up. "Why am I here, my Lord?" he asked amiably.
to approach them, do you understand? We only wish to know where we might find them. If you see them, go to Mrs Hudson outside the court, is that understood?"
John Watson smiled. "Well, you are, if I may say it again. Extremely." He bent his head again, narrowing his eyes at the organ in front of him. "I… I have never done this before, so…"
"If it is good quality, it may be worth two," Sherlock pressed. John gave a small snort beside him, sounding highly amused. The vendor, however, curled his lips into a wry smile.
John grunted and yanked the oar through the Tiber harder; to his credit, Angelo matched him. They drew minutely closer, and then closer still, until John could almost drop his oar and jump crafts, draw his knife and sink it into the throats of the two men who had ruined his life –
Sherlock slammed the door in his face and scrambled quickly back into bed, throwing the sheet over the both of them and burrowing his face into John's neck. "He knows," he murmured into the skin there.
When he parted his lips against the unforgiving angle of the taller man's cheekbone and lightly swept his tongue against the skin there, Sherlock's hands on his toga pulled him down without opening his eyes and blindly mashed their lips together.
Sherlock kissed him again. "I wish for you to want to stay as long as possible," he explained, stroking a finger across the gladiator's cheekbone, down his chin, through the dip of his collarbone. "I am afraid that if I do something to make you uncomfortable you will leave."
He narrowed his eyes as Claudia frowned in concentration. "One of them was Sholto's younger brother," she said slowly; John gave a sharp intake of breath beside Sherlock. "But he died on campaign in the military at least ten years ago. Poor man. He was lovely."
John watched him for a moment, his hands still soothing the soft skin of Sherlock's prominent hipbones. "Do you wish me to continue?" he asked carefully.
. It was not intentional, but he smiled nonetheless. "Quite. I apologise. You are quite disarming, John."
"Okay," Sherlock said judiciously, tapping his fingertips against his lower lip. John's eyes flickered to the point of contact, distracted, and Sherlock flicked him a quick smirk. "So if the murderer was in this group, it must be the last man."
At this Sherlock too propped himself onto one elbow. "Meaning?" he asked, sounding slightly alarmed.
. I think it may be a feud between the four of them, a secret betrayed or a keepsake stolen, and one of them believes they are owed by the others, wants revenge for the injustice. Or someone else feels betrayed by the four of them. Either way, the obvious next step in the investigation would be to find the last two men, only John cannot remember their names. We were hoping perhaps your husband mentioned them, or you may have met them and remembered them."
Just sleeping it was, then. Sherlock sighed contentedly; with each breath in he caught a noseful of John's smell, and now after the race back he smelt as he had last night when they lay like this, after…
John smiled. "I am yours," he repeated, his hand bumping Sherlock's between them, fingers brushing together. "And you are mine."
"Yes," the lanista cut him off, looking slightly queasy. Sherlock quirked his lips into a smile again: Lestrade had seen all kinds of injuries and violent deaths. Mary Watson had been something especially depraved, and Sherlock remembered it well. He hadn't actually seen the body, but people had described it to him. "They never found out who did it."
"Of course, my Lord," Lestrade demurred; Sherlock instantly dropped John's hand in favour of clapping his own together excitedly. John frowned; he wasn't quite prepared to see the body of an old army comrade without wearing a loincloth. The silvery-haired man smiled at him. "Would you wait a moment, my Lord?" he asked wryly. "I believe John would like to change first."
"Would you race me back?" he asked suddenly, feeling as though he could beat the fastest sprinters in the old Olympian track games.
He placed one foot on Tonga's huge chest, bent, and slashed his throat open with a slightly over-dramatic sweep of the sword.
"I no longer require assistance," he said, touching the lanista on the arm. "You need rest, Lestrade."
He opened his mouth to say something scathing to his brother, but Mycroft's eyes were narrowed and fixed on something over Sherlock's shoulder. "Y-your Excellency?"
Lestrade looked at the three of them, Sherlock to John to Angelo and his unconscious burden, looking bewildered. "Right," he said weakly. "Well. Very good. Very impressive, the three of you."
John sighed into his cheek and took a step away. "I probably ought to do some packing, then," he said resignedly. "Would you get a bag from the supply room for me?" Sherlock frowned in mock astonishment; the dimachaerus laughed. "If it please you, Your Excellency."
"Right now, I just want to see what you can do," the lanista said once he had reached hearing distance. "Many of the fights in this arena are not intended to kill, but merely to show your style and prowess in front of some very powerful people. Today I want you to experience that without so much pressure."
The Emperor whimpered slightly and folded him into his long arms, clutching him close and making his leg scream in pain. "Ouch," he said quietly into Sherlock's neck, and the taller man let go immediately. John snorted and shifted so he was almost sitting in the Emperor's lap, his injured leg stretched out in front of him and one hand resting on Sherlock's chest as the younger man wrapped protective arms around him and placed comforting kisses over his neck. "Thank you."
not a prostitute. That was much harder to pitch to an unsuspecting gladiator, especially one who was only in the profession because his wife had just been murdered.
The vendor's smile widened. "You are robbing me blind," he lied in return, but he allowed Sherlock to place two small coins on his table and hook down the meat. Sherlock broke a small portion off the end and handed it to John, who smiled weakly at him; when the vendor, apparently satisfied, turned his back, Sherlock tossed the rest of the jerky into the girl's lap with a wink and walked away.
John caught the Emperor's hands in his own and pulled them away from him, still trailing the loincloth from one hand. Slowly, purposefully, he drew Sherlock's long-fingered, sensual hands together and pulled them up until he was pinning them to the wooden bar above the bed with one of his own. "Keep these here," he murmured to Sherlock.
When the boat bumped the side of the dock John jumped from it immediately, leaving Sherlock and the fisherman to affix the mooring line. Lestrade was knelt on the wooden floor of the dock, Small's prostrate, dripping body splayed out before him. Clearly at a loss for what to do, he was administering small slaps to his inert cheeks. John dropped to his own knees beside the man who murdered his wife.
is at it. We do not know where he is from, what he had done before he met Small – he could have been trained similarly, he could have been trained
Warmth flooded Sherlock's face at the compliment. "Fantastic places indeed," he said, flushing harder as he remembered exactly
And I love you. I love the transcendent expression on your face as you throw your head back – hitting it against the stone wall once again – and your arousal twitches and throbs against my stomach, expelling fluid and soiling the clothing I had forgotten we were wearing. You are so beautiful,
Sherlock trapped him between his knees and rolled until John was on his back and Sherlock could slide down his body and press their lips together languidly. "Perhaps you should move your belongings here," he suggested. "I am sure Lestrade will not mind."
Holmes drew another deep breath and tore his eyes away from the sky. "Yes. I believe one should hold in their mind only relevant information. That leaves less room for error and more to accommodate new things. Most likely when I was a child I deemed the stars beautiful but irrelevant and erased the information."
Sherlock smirked, but did not reply. After a further moment of waiting, Mycroft gave up and picked up the tablet from the desk again. Sherlock's smirk grew; after a moment, he got up, tossed his own tablet onto the desk, and left the room for the gladiators' housing.
"So," the Emperor said brightly, settling his sitbones into a more comfortable position on the cushion, "anyone I should be looking out for?"
John swallowed thickly, staring at Sherlock with wide, disbelieving, even slightly mistrustful eyes. "
Lestrade pushed him until the two men were covered in a light sheen of sweat and the old wound etched into John's shoulder had started up a low, throbbing ache. After a while, he wondered if he would need to train like this every day; wondered, for a moment or two, whether he would be able to handle the Emperor's court after all.
His hands were trembling a little nonetheless, though from nerves or the intense, impatient arousal still throbbing through his body he could not quite tell, and when he went to pour a small amount over his fingers it ended up dripping over the Emperor's pectorals, sliding innocently between them and further down towards his stomach with each gasping breath.
," Sherlock reprimanded, but his voice held no real irritation. John smirked and pressed a kiss to the soft arch.
John Watson deliberated for a few moments. Sherlock could see the moral obligation, his loyalty to Mary, battling with the human desire for comfort in the kind wrinkles around his eyes. Then the gladiator nodded to himself. "I would. If it is your wish, Sherlock."
"I take it you are satisfied with your new gladiator?" Mycroft ventured, a smirk toying with the edges of his cruel mouth.
His younger lover's body slowly relaxed underneath his own, grey-green eyes unflinchingly fixed on his own. "I
John chuckled. After a while Sherlock began to relax and the conversation to flow more easily; hours passed without him realising them until John sat up suddenly. "We should leave," he said. "There is training in the morning, it is far later than we intended to be here."
A part of this was pride, was not wanting to be the first to back down after their disagreement, because Sherlock had been the one to hurt him and therefore Sherlock should be the one to break the silence. Most of it, though, was shame at the way he had reacted. It had been one simple
John smiled with a deferent bow of the head. "I would imagine a mind such as yours would reach rather fantastic places," he commented.
He grinned. "You see, my name is not so difficult," he remarked. John chuckled lowly and gently untangled his fingers from Sherlock's hair, stepping away to sit on the bed, his fingers hooked into his own loincloth.
After a moment the Emperor lowered the hand to trace the middle of the stain with his fingertips. "This is where it happened?" he asked.
and covering you in the smell and surroundings of gladiator life, reducing you to sweat and leather and incoherence – it has a certain appeal."
"I can." He watched, smirking, as Mycroft rolled his eyes and sighed, preparing himself for the customary
that Sherlock's heart kept forgetting when to beat. When finally he could handle the sight no longer, he carefully slid his fingers out and feverishly removed his own loincloth, running his hands down and up John's thigh, grazing against his groin before winding up to his face, careful not to touch John's face with the hand he had just removed from the gladiator's arse.
I have you, Sherlock, I have you - I have your arousal in my hand, pressed against my own, and it still baffles me how when I am with you my mood bounces between sentimental and desperate, between how much I love you and how much I want you, like they are one and the same thing. You are an enigma and a storm and I want to spend the rest of my life in the middle of you. Pick me up and never put me down.
When he was done and both men had caught their breaths, John slid down Sherlock's body until he could feel his lover's arousal against the cleft of his rear. "Take what you need," he said softly.
part," he agreed. He put down the Emperor's foot and shifted onto his knees, only to bend over and suckle a faint mark into the side of first one knee, then the other. Sherlock closed his eyes, his head tipping back onto the bed, his curls fanning out against the off-white linen. John's breath stuttered in his chest.
," Sherlock choked helplessly. John slowly let go of the bar above the bed, letting himself down until his head fitted neatly into Sherlock's neck.
that he had experienced had shocked him. He had lain in the Emperor's enormous bed long after the younger man's breathing had evened into sleep against his chest, pondering the way that deep, charismatic voice groaning his name into his ear had made the hair on his arms stand up, the way his heart had twinged when a simple kiss had caused the ruler's knees to give out.
John's hand asserted itself by gripping onto his elbow; Sherlock looked up to see his eyes fixed on the man making steady progress across the deck of the fishing-boat with a heavy wooden crutch. His face was twisted into an expression Sherlock would give away a considerable amount to never see on it again. This man had murdered John's wife; Sherlock would kill him himself if John wanted him to, and wasn't that a terrifying thought – that he was perfectly willing to drive his broadsword through a man he did not know simply because he had once made John unhappy.
through the folds of his loincloth. He may be on his way faster than anticipated to owning John's heart, but John already
John leaned forwards and kissed his forehead gently. "I am not going to leave," he assured him. Then he reached down and untied his loincloth. "Now, you offered to take care of this," he teased, indicating his erection.
To his relief, the familiar indulgent smirk crossed Sherlock's face. "Yes, I believe I did," he agreed, reaching for it.
the orifice, pressing lips firmly to lips and inserting his tongue firmly between teeth, his arms holding Sherlock in place while he plundered and explored.
"No," John deflected, much calmer than he felt, plastering a smile on his face and looking up at the Emperor. "I am ready, my Lord. Thank you."
Holmes made a noise of irritation. "Keep looking, Watson – ah! No, I have found it. This direction."
his. He suddenly imagined what Mycroft would say if he could see them like this, Sherlock stretched out mostly-naked and so
For a moment they sat in silence; Claudia stood up and filled a cup from a pitcher of water on the bench. "May I offer you wine, my Lord? Or water?"
Tonga grinned horribly. They rested for a moment, John courteously allowing his opponent a moment to put the stinging pain of the cut out of his mind. He casually swung his blade around behind him so that Tonga could not see it and flexed his wrist. When the bigger man lunged, he flicked the sword out and slapped his thigh with the flat, twisting it as he drew away and leaving another long, shallow cut across his dark calf. Tonga growled, but the pain had made him hesitate slightly in his lunge for John's neck and John moved his head out of the firing line and blocked the sweep easily.
