Steve, did you hit your head? Please don't tell me you are starting to bite into those bitch's lies?! You are basically the perfect husband, and even if you weren't, do you really think i'd let myself be put into the house wife role?! Give me a break. Idiot.
Better than they taught people to write in the 80s, apparently. I’m starting to see why you type everything.
I thought I could lose you both....this war doesn't need to keep going on! If you would just withdraw your support for the act, everyone else would soon follow- You've seen what's happening out there!
I'm sorry Aunt May slapped you...she doesn't think you'll be a good influence and is a little angry that I'm being targeted 'because of you.' I tried to explain it was because Loki thinks I know Spiderman but she didn't listen. She can be pretty stubborn sometimes.
I did wonder where everyone was. Next time maybe give me a bit of a heads up. Though I have to admit I am enjoying the peace and quiet :P
I didn't bribe anyone, I just called in a couple favours and convinced the Government that putting you in jail for 25 years wasn't good for anyone, so they agreed to at least let you have bail. A pretty freaking expensive bail...but one I managed to cover none the less.
Would anyone other than Osbourne bother to come after me? I mean other than him I've only really pissed off low level criminals, and Florida is pretty far to travel from New York to just get their asses kicked again.
The trial is tomorrow, but I guess you'll already know that. Are they asking you to testify against me? If they are, you should- I don't want any claims of corruption. Besides, at least you would testify fairly. I imagine some of the witnesses are going to try and drag my name through the mud.
I will admit that maybe the sentencing is a little harsh right now, but they need to make an example of a few people otherwise no one would ever sign up! I'm sure the sentence will lesson after a little while...
Parker, a high school student, is 16 years old and therefore technically legally allowed to consent to sexual intercourse. He has also moved into the Stark mansion in recent weeks, where he and Mrs Stark are alone and unsupervised, apart from Parker's elderly aunt. Although she is more than old enough to be his mother, is it possible that Natasha Stark
And I hereby volunteer Steve to be your prom date. Just for one night only, mind you. Don’t go getting ideas :P
NATASHA: He is fine- they did all the tests, it is just his rib broke during the birth. He got lucky.
You think I wanted to replace Thor!? You don't get it at all do you! We NEED Thor! He was one of the strongest Avengers, and without him I don't know how we are going to handle the next big threat! It isn't about sentimentality, it is about keeping the world safe! For our Son!
So anyway, Harry was on Asgard. He has been threatening to reveal my identity, so Loki thought it was best to put him somewhere he couldn't do any damage.
You don’t know how high school parties work, do you? You do an open invite, and then passive-aggressively
You know I was against that show from the start, I always said amateurs shouldn't meddle in things they don't understand; and that is exactly what happens when you stop superhumans from governing themselves. We're there to handle what the police and government can't. We should be working with them, not for them. I had my fill of all powerful governments in the 40s. What we do is about helping people, not politics. I'm not going to register. I can't.
As for Bruce, yes he is amazing. Send him fanmail. Send him lots of fanmail. The guy needs a serious ego boost. For someone who can turn into a huge green slamming machine he doesn’t have much confidence. He’s also a vegetarian, because he’s super touchy feely like that. He once got mad at me for borrowing his Bunsen burner to fry bacon, seriously.
You aren't a monster, kid. An evil man just put one inside of you. And if you hadn't been in there with it, it could have been a lot worse. So don't worry.
Sorry that must all sound really weird, I'm just kind of interested in the psychology of it. I think if I was ever a super hero, I'd see it as being too separate entities, like a dual personality but...not crazy. I imagine that would make it easier to compartment your life into different sections, Hero life and Civilian life. But I guess if I did it i'd have to have a secret identity, where as you are just out in the open.
Harry's on the run, too, so look if he shows up there. If you see him, he's under arrest for breaking the gag. But don't worry, we'll get him.
Honestly, no, I wasn’t looking into you. Like I said, I’m not a dad, or at least not the kind that’s going to offer you an internship on virtue of your genetics. I looked up your projects when you told me you liked science and decided I wanted you on board. Actually, you were flagged on my system, I just hadn’t gone through it yet.
As long as agree to register, we let them off pretty lightly, and don't think I haven't been getting crap about that! There are those in the government who think we should be issuing long prison sentences or fines...I might not be able to hold them off forever.
n Howard Stark's personal collection'. Do you really think I've been through all his crap? It isn't even in the tower! It is in the old mansion, which I pretty much never go to!
You don't get to forget this, not yet, not until you've done something. We just need to figure out how we're going to fix it. Just keep your science in your lab and try not to clone anyone else, okay?
As to the other things, I think it's pointless us arguing over it anymore when we obviously aren't going to agree. You do what you feel you need to, and I'll do the same.
A big thank you to everyone who has commented. I will try to reply to you at some point over the next few days, when I will not be working overtime! :)
Maybe we're coming at it from the wrong angle. Maybe we should be asking what they want with James. It could just be a ransom situation, but I can't help thinking it's because of what he is... what I am. I mean, Atkins tried to discredit me, not Natasha. Maybe she was trying to make me desperate. Maybe she wanted something from me but thinks she can get it from my son. Something from the serum.
I guess that makes sense, we only go down the basement to do laundry and that is all Aunt May. I'm banned from using the machine ever since I turned some of our bed sheets red...turns out I shouldn't just shove my suit in there without looking. I've hand washed it since, though it takes forever.
I didn't say I didn't like it, I just said that calling you Mr Stark was a little weird. Calling you Steven Stark is fine though :P
P.S How much money did you give the school? They are talking about building a new building and naming it after you.
If you let someone else take over, you can throw you weight behind reform and i'll support you. You can do more good working within law now Steve.
Fine, Little Miss Smarty-Pants, if you're so sure I'm awake come up and hang out. It's lucky for you I'm in a good mood right now or we would be having serious words about your taste in men. My taste, however, is apparently just fine. It seems I am not broken up after all.
That said, the two of you are definitely the most important people in the world. Which, to me, makes it all the more important that we don't fall into the trap of compromising our principles to put our own family first. Because we have to think what sort of example we want to be to James, what sort of people we want to be for him, what sort of world we want him to grow up in. I want him to always stand up for what's right, even if it's not what you and I say it is. I want him to do what you do, what I try to do. We're heroes, Natasha. We do what we think is right, always, without fear or selfishness. You do that, you stick to that standard, and things will work out.
You need to transfer schools, right now. I will pay fees for any school you choose if you want to go private, I’ll pay to bribe a state school if you want to go there and they don’t have any spaces, just get the hell away from Loki. In the meantime, I’ll talk to Thor and see what if we can work out what the scheming little
My Mom passed away when I was Seven...so she isn't around to answer my questions. You might not be able to either, but I thought at least we could try...
P.P.S. On the subject of enhanced people, you might be getting some roomies in the guest suite when this is all over.
I didn't think you'd be too keen on letting me have Harry over, so it would have just been Mary Jane and Gwen. I guess I understand why you can't allow it though, so that is fine. I'll tell them it is a no go, but maybe I'll take you up on that beach house offer for the next movie night.
First, how the hell did you get your powers? If someone has been experimenting on you, you need to tell us right now. (Also, the school would totally take you. Xavier isn’t going to care what caused the mutation, just saying.)
What I am interested in, though, is you and James and being with you. House arrest might not be so bad for a while if you're both there too. You didn't need to send me to the hospital though, my legs are practically healed- I may not be Captain America anymore, but I still have the serum. Unless they're planning on taking that too :P
May was just worried about you. And you know, Spiderman-ing isn't exactly a stroll in the park, the danger is pretty real and frequent. Just don't underestimate the people gunning for you, okay? When you do that, you get hurt.
Um...I think I might be a little gun-shy to try another Psychologist right now...but I guess if you really want to...we could maybe give it a shot. But I'm having Jarvis run a background check first!!
Anyway, I'm making pop tarts. Come have supper/breakfast/dinner/food/whatever you call it at this time of night. And then I want you in the lab- You still haven't ironed out the kinks in those bug cameras. Come on, it'll be fun; like a sleepover but with more science and less sleep. Pillow fights optional.
Mrs Stark has asked me to inform you if James is out of her care without explanation for more than 24 hours.
I guess I can't argue about the crib/pram too much when I'm not there, but can I at least veto anything with an internet connection? Babies do not need to be online, Natasha. And make sure if you buy something it's actually durable. Worst thing about the future- things fall apart in five minutes and everyone acts like it's totally fine. It's so wasteful. I hope you know this crib is going to have to last and serve all our children as they come along.
Okay, seriously, if all Steve did was swear at MarioKart you got off lightly. He doesn’t seem to get that there’s a division between the virtual and the physical, or he pretends he doesn’t. Clint once made the mistake of sprawling on the floor to play and Steve kicked him in the back of the head to distract him long enough to overtake. He once told me he could smell smoke from the lab so he could hit me with a shell. Seriously, he is a right
Well Spiderman hasn't been around long, I'm sure he'd have helped stop the attack in New York if he had had his powers back then.
We've been over this and over this Cap, the laws is there so that people don't do anything stupid or reckless with their powers! We are putting the end to reality tv shows that get people killed! Keeping tabs on these guys lets us make sure there powers are being used for good, and we are going to start offering training to those who need a little help with control. Yes, a little bit of privacy is being sacrificed, but it is no different to having a log of everyone who owns a gun!
Also, FYI, avoiding someone doesn’t mean ‘stopping to chat and tell them everything’. You’re bad at this.
I was supposed to say, but by now you’ve probably noticed a suspicious lack of Avengers in the Tower. Well, we don’t like to broadcast to the world when we empty the place out, but we have business… here. Wherever here is. In the middle of, I-don’t-know-Europe-probably. The wifi is terrible, were sleeping in barns or pop-up Shield bases, and Hydra is crawling EVERYWHERE. So all in all, I am only giving this place like one star on TripAdvisor. (The food is surprisingly okay for a place essentially run by a Nazi science cult).
P.S Aunt May thinks any boy I talk to is a potential boyfriend. She's been trying to set me up with Harry since I was 8.
Of course, it’s entirely possible that it’s just Hawkeye going through one of his periodic goofy image changes. Although, you can usually spot those by the fact they use a freaking bow and arrow. He’s a master of disguise, seriously.
I'm not allowed visitors right now either. If I end up in jail after the trial, I think it'll be allowed then. Still... this isn't a good place to bring a baby. I don't want his earliest memories to end up being of prison gates. How is he doing? Is he getting any bigger? Are his ribs okay now?
It wasn't Loki's fault I was kidnapped, it was mine! I let Harry into the Tower and I took him down to the cells! All Loki did was give us a bit of space, and then do his best to save me! He was misguided but at least he tried...
You realise if you don’t go to prom now, people will say it’s because of me, right? And Steve would totally keep you safe from any pranks, just saying.
Why the hell have you sent me to Canada?! I need to help you find James. There must be something I can do, even with broken legs/crushed pelvis.
And hey, try to enjoy your first weekend there. Go to a party or catch a movie or something. Don't sit in your room sulking.
And I have other people on my team. Older people, who can grow a beard and everything. And at least I have superheroes on my side, all you have are a bunch of old politicians. Me and Buck never had much time for them, honestly. I don't think we ever voted before the war. The country's what you make it, right?
I watched the documentary, your Dad did a lot of impressive stuff for the time. Though did he really have a secret underground lab? I know they must have had to protect it from bombs during the way, but it seems a little mad scientist-y.
That aside, I think it’s safe for us to assume that Harry was the target, not you. I’ve been looking at the scans from the ersatz liquor cabinet again, and it’s possible the components could make up the glider you described. So it’s looking pretty likely that Osbourne’s pissed off the wrong people who are now using the tech he designed for them to come after him. Given the whole human-enhancement theme I’ve been seeing lately, I wouldn’t be surprised if the people-he-pissed-off comprise largely of Hydra. Like I said, King of the Dicks.
You looked into my projects? The bug cameras were sort of silly...I just wanted to see how small I could get the cameras and a friend joked that it was like I was trying to make them for bugs so...bug camera. I would like to work to try and work on the body heat generators though...I think there could be some way to get it to charge phones. I bet those would sell at my school, you wouldn't believe how often someone is looking for a phone charger.
I'll tell her, okay? But she already knows. She's doing okay. She's resting a lot, but she's in the best place. I'm paying for her care so don't worry about a thing.
Also, Steve’s new favourite insult is ‘dishonour on your cow’. Beneath the veneer of a sassy soldier, the guy is a colossal dork. Super uncool. Tell all the girls at your school they should be fans of Iron Man instead :P
He said when Thor showed up, he ran off because he wasn't sure his brother would approve of him having knocked out some kid to use as a bargaining chip.
You know. I bet his parents are divorced. Classic transference (Yeah thats right, I can do psychology too :P)
The rest of it, we'll just have to wait and see...I think it'll be a while before public opinion turns back in your favour, even now they've shown it was all propaganda by Sin, so we'll just have to hope that the jury haven't been swayed and remember you for the hero you are.
Because she is already worried about me! I don't want to make it worse! Anyway, Loki is my friend, even if his actions were a little misguided. It isn't fair to take him back to Asgard when he hasn't done anything wrong.
I told you, I'm not really a party sort of girl, and I'm not really sure anyone would be up for one after what happened at the Prom...
How can you both be friends with a model-in-training and not be part of the popular crowd? I bet your status is higher than you think. I have come across Gwen, but there’s a reason I’m not asking her to intern. Her science is all theoretical and possibilities. I’m not interested in what could be done, I’m interested in doing it. I mean, come on, her last science project entry was a series of charts. I admit she’s smart, but she doesn’t have that daring that you do. (All from my side of the family, of course :P). Also her dad has fined me for speeding like three times, even though I’m basically propping up the widows and orphans fund. If you see him, put in a good word for me, okay? I left the suit outside a restaurant and he ticketed it, which I admit was funny the first time, but now? Not so much.
Then again, my teenage rebellion involved swimming pools of champagne, girls in bikinis and passing flour off as drugs (teenagers are dumb) so I guess a black suit and skipping geography is pretty mild. Just be careful, okay? May's been worried enough.
Did you have to show up in the suit?! I told you Mary Jane lived near by, she saw you! Now she is asking questions and after the Loki thing...I'm not sure how much longer you being my Dad is going to remain a secret.
Look, this Loki thing is obviously freaking you out, so fine. I'll stay away from him. It wasn't like I was seeking him out anyway, we just ran into each other from time to time. I promise I'll avoid him from now on though.
My Mom went to work for Oscorp with my Step Dad when she left Stark Industries. I guess it was to hide the pregnancy from you, but maybe she just wanted to be closer to him.
They are all going to Washington? That's a shame, I would have liked to hang out with Pietro and Wanda again. Are they setting up another Avengers or something?
More importantly, someone at your school actually goes by the name ‘Flash’? That’s hilarious. Is he trying to be hipster and ironic or does he actually think that makes him sound cool? I know Steve will tell me off about laughing at a kid, but yeah, when somebody chooses to go by the name ‘Flash’ you have a social obligation to laugh at him. Invite him to your beach party. I want to ask how many minutes he has left to save the world.
Anyway, I don’t need to tell you to be like super careful now. Your identity could easily come out in public any day now and I think you need to be prepared for that. Also, for the chance of supervillains pricking up their ears, but weirdly, I have more confidence in you handling them than the paparazzi. Probably because you’re so fond of telling me about your SUPER STRENGTH.
I didn't tell her, she just wanted to thank you and since Steve lives here too, she thought it would be rude not to invite him. She might have worked it out honestly, but if she has she hasn't said anything.
Well Aunt May told me to come home tonight...she was a stern, which isn't like her....I hope everything is okay.
You don't need to come down. I'm fine and you are busy, so i'll just start packing some of my things.
Two weeks ago, it was Captain America that stole headlines the world over when he apparently walked out on his wife. However, Rogers has been quick to reassure his global audience that the separation is temporary and entirely to do with politics, a statement his estranged wife has been strangely silent on. Now, a leading psychologist suggests that there may be more to the argument- and that leaving may not have been Cap's choice.
Do you know anything about this weird letter I got? I called the company to tell them they must have the wrong address, but they seemed pretty certain it was correct. It took me a while to convince them I wasn't really sick (they keeps saying I was in denial), and in the end I just told them I'd fill out the Opt out form so they wouldn't have to do anything...
Seriously if he was watching that I'm pretty sure I get to take his eye out with a fork or something. Eugh I feel sort of dirty now, I think I'm going to go take a shower. (Though the guest suite one looks a bit weird, why would you need more than one shower head?)
Do we know that Spiderman is straight? Sort of sounds like he was trying to hit on you..what kind of guy makes cookies? Better keep an eye on him.
Assuming the world doesn’t end but the Avengers do, you’re in charge. (See also: Stark Industries). Don’t screw it up.
Is there really going to be paparazzi at prom? That is so weird...don't they have better things to do then stalk a 16 year old? Look i'm really okay going alone. Going with Steve would just be...weird. Plus the papers might think I was dating an older man, who also happens to be a team mate of my fathers. They'd turn it into a scandal! Plus you know the Prom is Friday right? If you guys aren't back by then Steve couldn't come with me anyway.
Atleast if they need him for something they might not kill him. I don't know what i'm going to do if they hurt him...i was supposed to be looking after him...
I'm not withdrawing anything. Things need to change Steve, and I'm sick of having this argument with you! People died Steve, Children died! And you just want to put your head in the sand and carry on.
Third, your house is safe now if you want to go back. Besides, superhero or not, you’re still technically a minor. Your aunt can’t just go off for a fortnight in Florida and leave you on your own.
They haven't asked me to testify yet, just Reed and Pym. I think it is they think it'll be a conflict of interest or something....I doubt they'll call me unless they are desperate.
The kidnapper contacted me. She sent a letter to Sam's, he read it to me over the phone. I haven't actually seen it, I can't risk meeting him in person right now. He's bringing it over to the mansion. Scan it, analyse it, tell me where it came from. Tell me where James is.
I'm not sure how I was supposed to send the letters to your home when I don't know your address, it isn't exactly public record you know.  If it was I imagine it would be swarming with fans every day.
I bet red suits you too. You need to be flashier! You know, the old Razzle Dazzle and all. The only way to get confident is to fake it until it’s real.
I'm not really the party sort of girl though. I've gone to a couple of Harry's but they are always just full of people being idiots and trying to break into Mr Osborne’s liquor cabinet (The security on that thing is impressive. Once someone hit it with a sledgehammer and it just bounced off like nothing. He really doesn't want people touching his scotch).
Important Note!- I hope you are all enjoying the daily updates. Unfortunately we won't be able to keep this pace up long term because, well, we have jobs. Therefore daily updates will continue until Friday, and then go down to Tuesday- Thursday- Saturday until we are through our backlog, and then it will be whatever we can keep up with! Thanks for your support :)
The thing is, you're right. I'm still against the act. I still want to speak against it. But not when lives are being put at risk. Not when people are dying. Not when it drives us apart. I just want this to be over.
Oh yeah, Peter woke up and we're on a greyhound bus back towards the border. I admit I haven't quite worked out how we're going to get past border control without passports, but if you got us in we should be able to get out. Besides, no-one is going to look too close at a guy in a wheelchair, right?
Apologies for the late update. Saturday's update will also be delayed until Sunday as I am away for the weekend! My apologies >.
And Spiderman's reasons aren't selfish! The police are looking, but they are failing, and no wonder when they have a hundred of other crimes to solve each day. Spiderman is helping take some of the work load. If she captures or the muggers and car thieves then they'll have more time to concentrate on the big things like drug lords or whatever. It is a public service.
Alright, so. We went to your house and it was... well, really weird. Cap was doing his fearless leader act again, so he had me watch the back and Hawkeye hidden down the street in case Loki made a run for it, and he and Thor went in. So I’m there waiting and waiting and waiting and nothing’s happening, and eventually I got tired of waiting and decided to go in. I figured I was either going to find that Loki wasn’t there and they’d gotten distracted watering your aunt’s dahlias, or I was going to stumble in on a pile of corpses. What actually happened was I went in, and Loki and Thor and Steve were in your bedroom, and instead of a fight to the death, Thor was honest-to-goodness scolding him. And Loki was sulking. And that was it.
As for Spiderman, it sounds like he’s doing a good job with the petty crime. But still, he’s not really on the same level. I guess you could say we don’t move in the same circles.
Time to bring in Norman Osbourne. (Pro tip for if you ever decide to aid a fascist science organisation with very-illegal human modification experiments- Don’t slap your damn logo on everything.) Throw him in the holding cell in the tower and
So Photo shoots are...weird. Did I really have to sit there for an hour just for hair and make up? I think I'm insulted...
For the record, I didn't tell Mr Osborne, Mary Jane told Harry and then Harry mentioned it to his Father who thought it was 'in my best interest' to let the press know. Apparently it was so you couldn't worm out of being my Father. Though I'm not sure how he thought you were doing that when I am living in your home.
Apologies for another late update. Starting tomorrow, I'm going to do my best to keep to a Sat-Tues-Thurs schedule. Happy new year everyone!
What if I get really deep into a project and forget to change it or something? I'm gonna need so many robot nannies.
I'll dye it back in a little while, but not before the papers get their fill of “OMG Stark's ' 'Red Hot' new look!”
A camera sounds good. I’m working on improving the camera on the next Stark phone, I want it to be better than professional. Maybe I’ll get you to test it when the prototype is ready. Always looking for intelligent feedback. And hey, don’t sniff at science fairs. We all have to start somewhere, I started on the contest circuit too. It was a good way to pitch and test ideas and inventions without the associated risk or cost of an actual product launch. What’s your science, anyway? Honestly, I’m probably more of an engineer/inventor/mechanic/mad scientist, if I’m honest. I’m 1% inspired and 99% caffeinated.
But fine, whatever. I did agree to not interfere for one date, and you have that SUPER STRENGTH and all. But the others didn't make any promises, so make sure you have the Iron Man pin with you and if anything comes up you can't handle, Old Uncle Hulk will be right over. And, you know, I guess so far this Loki has been acting pretty different to the old one. It could still be a trap though. What did he even want with Venom?
Well I was gonna wear a wig, but the stupid thing was too itcy. So I thought I might change things up a little. After all, they say blondes have more fun, so imagine how much fun red heads must have ;P
Okay, scan is done, so I’m going back to the lab. Do you mind swinging by sometime for a few more tests? We met some enhanced humans out in Europe-probably and it’s a bit too similar to what Osbourne was up to for my liking.
That said, it's still not a far cry from registration to enlistment. You think if the Government know that they have a ready-made army of Superhumans they'll never get tempted to use them? Trust me, they may not be conscripting at the moment, but the second the next 'threat to America' comes along they'll be putting on the pressure. They'll be using Peter's line, saying we all have a responsibility.
May had a right to know who she had in her house! And stop ignoring my calls or so help me I will hack into your phone, put it on speaker, and talk to you that way.
So I feel like I need to say this chapter was written before AoU? Reading it now in retrospect, is a little... ahahaha.
If you had just taken a little time out like I told you to, I wouldn’t have needed to show up as Iron Man. I wasn’t endangering any other students except him, and he needs to be dealt with. But congratulations! Because now not only do I know you’ve obviously got his back, Loki knows it too. I give it about two hours before he shows up trying to use that to his advantage. I just hope to hell you didn’t let him see you change into the suit either. If he knows who you are you don’t have a choice any more, you need to leave. Not that I think you’ll listen, given how much attention you’ve paid to me since you started writing to me.
Not guilty- as it is believed anti-registration forces joined Rogers of their own accord; and that Rogers pleaded guilty simply in the hope that anti-registration heroes currently in custody would be released.
You went to the stupid conference because your stupid company slumped whilst you were busy fighting your stupid husband in a stupid war and now you need to try and get the stupid stockbrokers to reinvest in your stupid shares.
When are you going to Florida? We have to let Harry go once you're gone. They're trying to get him to sign a gag though, so if he talks he can be arrested all over again.
Still, do you at least believe he’s up to something now? It’s not even like he was going to Asgardian jail, he was just going to stay there with his brother. Besides, innocent people don’t run, let alone send threatening notes. Just be careful. Wear the pin I gave you at all times, understand? And call the Avengers number if there’s any sign of trouble.
Anyway, the 'fee' for his services was the right to go on one date with you without my 'interference'. That doesn't mean you can't say no when (s)he asks. Say no.
I'll admit I can't really defend Loki anymore, though I guess all he actually did was leave a note to annoy you. Maybe there is a non-evil reason he didn't want to go back to Asgard. Like maybe every one there thinks about him the same way you do? That would be pretty rough.
Second, I'm scared of leaving James with you, and that's the honest truth. Even though I know you love him, even though I've only met him once, even though I'm on the run, part of me wants to come get him and it's getting harder to convince myself not to. So that's where I'm at.
JARV won’t let me dictate so I’m writing by hand and now my hand hurts so basically STOP FALLING FOR LOKI’S TRICKS YOU DAFT GENIUS
And why does that person have to be you?! You've done enough, let someone else handle things from here! Come home...
Thanks for the lawyers too. I appreciate your help but seriously, one is enough. I told the rest of the team to leave. If they decide not to charge me I want it to be for the right reasons, not because some fancy lawyer gets me off on a technicality. You can't say you believe in justice one day and start playing the system the next. They're trying to rush my trial through anyway (probably because they're worried the situation will escalate) so it should be before the end of the week.
That sounds like a good idea, but it kind of relies on one of your guys being willing to accept my help. There are a few hero circles right now that see me as a traitor.
Jarvis can shut down the suit if I start acting weird, there are already programs installed for if I ever run into Kilgrave or something.
P.S The men might have liked it, but the skirt was totally for you <3 Just a little reminder or what is waiting at home.
Let me be blunt- Loki needs to be taken down before he kills someone, and at this rate it’s going to be you. Think about it.
I guess i'll just have to dye my hair back and go with wigs after all. Oh well, atleast i'll be able to try out a load of different styles.
I noticed the writing...but I don't think I wanted to believe it. She could have faked it...somehow...make it so you wouldn't trust me...
I couldn't get Jarvis back. Not properly. I have his basic code back online, but he was always a learning and modifying AI and we've gone back to square one. Everything he'd developed, everything he'd become, his personality, it all went and got absorbed into Vision. He's not really Jarvis any more, and even if I leave him on now, there's no guarantee he'll develop and grow into the same person.
That's what I want, but honestly, I'm finding it hard to see how we can. James getting kidnapped like that united us, but the things that were driving us apart are still there. You still haven't done anything about the clone- Thor was our friend, and he died, and that thing is a disgrace. You had a part in that, and that doesn't sit easy with me. I'm not sure it ever will, either, if I'm totally honest. But I think we can move past it if you just take some responsibility- like you're always saying we should- and do something about it. You know as well as I do Shield will use that clone as long as it's in their hands.
So I don't want to say I told you so, but I totally did. I said if you went for Loki he'd go underground, and now you have no idea where he is. If you'd left him, he'd still be at school and we'd at least have some idea about what he is doing.
Well, maybe you should talk to your aunt about whatever the hell is going on with you. I'm not good at the touchy-feely emotional stuff. If you want to talk to me I'll do my best, but just talk to someone, okay? You're obviously taking the move and being out and everything quite hard. But seriously, I get you're frustrated at the press invasion, but if you're too hard on the perps you're just handing them more ammo. You either need to learn not to care what they say (ie. The Tony Stark approach) or keep it in mind at all times (the Captain Stickass appproach).Be careful.
Alright, I won't invite Harry to the party...but I hope you know this means I can't invite Mary Jane now because it'll look like I'm taking side, and If I only invite Gwen that'll cause it's own set of problems.
How did you get on with all those politicians behind the scenes? How many were there because they actually agree with the act and how many were there just to get their names in the papers and to try and win votes? How many do I need to punch because they tried to feel you up?
They will get a fair trial! It'll just take time...The system has a lot of cases to process and this is all pretty new. The trials are bound to be slow to start.
Anyway, you know you’re saying Spiderman’s reasons are still essentially selfish, right? She doesn’t have to be the only one going after this guy either. If she comes by the tower, we won’t try and uncover her identity. We just want to help.
I love you so much, and you can do this. We'll get it all cleared up and I'll be home with you both soon. In the meantime, I've called in a favour and sent someone to help. Have fun.
And you need to give me more credit with Steve too. I know Steve, I know he's not going to open up if I ask what's wrong, especially when I've already tried that like a hundred times. I was just trying to cheer him up a bit, talking about how great it would be when we could all retire and not worry about risking our necks for the greater good every thirty seconds. He asked me how I knew it was going to end, and I said everything ends, especially with the right encouragement, and then he said I'd 'learnt nothing' from Ultron and got all pissy. Actually, I learnt a ton from Ultron. Sure, using Asgardian vodoo on Ultron was a bad idea, but it's not like I'm going to do that again when I do the next Iron Legion upgrade. I'm not even giving them a proper AI. He should be happy, I was telling him it was all going to be fine and he didn't need to worry!
Congratulations on the birth of your son. I hope he is doing okay and that you'll both be feeling fit and healthy soon.
Something will change. The act will be repealed or non-registration won't carry a life sentence any more. Until then we just have to get through.
Well we never really talked about kids. Have you ever thought about it? I'm not sure it is for me, I'd probably be a pretty awful Mom.
You locked me in the tower, for what could have been days! What was I supposed to do?! And you know, really you should be thanking me for discovering such a big flaw in your security system. Better I found it then some bad guy right?
Two weeks, huh? Great, we’ll throw a party this weekend. A birthday/saving the world party type thing. It’ll be fun.
The vote is next week and the story is everywhere. Sam is furious because he says the hashtag is trending on twitter. The press are interviewing just about every woman I ever caught to get stories of my violence. You need to stay out of this or your campaign will suffer too. We can deal with this after.
We can still help people in need, I'll make sure nothing dodgy goes on! All that'll happen is the Government will have a record of people's powers and offer special training so that their aren't any Amateurs running around making super villains explode schools!
I have finished my analysis of Mrs Stark's movements and schedule on the day of James' disappearance. Besides your trial and a meeting with Dr Reed and Pym, she appears to have had a therapy session with Dr Atkins.
But honestly, Spidey and I just talked a little and I told him my side of things. He seems my point of view at least, but that doesn't necessarily mean he'll leave you and your sexy butt ;P (Seriously though, that kid is totally man crushing on you, if not actually crushing. It is sort of cute.)
On the subject of comedy, there is such a thing as comedic exaggeration, you know.  I do know where my kitchen is, but it’s pretty neglected. I mostly eat out, or don’t eat, or eat things that don’t need cooking or more than one hand.
Speaking of, we'll be letting Harry go on Saturday, so buckle down. He signed a gag but I think he's going to blow your cover. Now might be a good time to change your name if you can, before you start the new school.
I prefer to mask my lack of confidence behind jokes and witty comebacks. The only reason I talk so much when I'm fighting is because I'm terrified.
Other Important Note!- Age of Ultron comes out TOMORROW here in the UK, and Blackthorn and I are super excited to see it. That said, the next 40+ letters at least will be spoiler-free, and if any creep in thereafter they will be clearly labelled. Please keep spoilers out of the comments too, but feel free to PM us and gush <3
So it seems I am an idiot and muddled up which bubble should be whose on this and all following text-message chapters! So, to clarify-
We're not going to do anything bad. We're just not going to register and carry on as normal. If the government wants to stop us, they can try. The terms of the act need to be revised to make the register optional, or to offer exclusions in certain circumstances. Failing that, it needs to at least have better controls on how much power the government has and who can get the information they hold. That's the compromise I'm going to be putting forward and working on getting.
So hopefully by now Bruce has got your phone to you and you can get on your e-mail. I want to come see you, but they seem to think I would try to bust you out and they're refusing my entry, even when I came in the suit and was being REALLY PERSUASIVE.
You need to stop worrying about everyone else and worry about yourself for once. YOU are the one on trial, and YOU are the one who'll go to prison! I'm sending two of the other lawyers back, I want you with three atleast.
We could maybe use a fresh set of eyes with Ultron though. We're not progressing like I thought we would. Maybe you could give him a glance after the party's over tonight?
I promised Harry I go over and help him with his study, but I can swing by the lab afterwards. Say around 8 tonight?
So Strange and I got onto the astral plane of her mind. We had to fight our way too, Strange thinks it's the sign of a strong mind. Anyway, we get to the part of her mind where Strange expected to find someone who was being controlled and was she there? Of course she wasn't. Because she'd already got out, got free of their control. But Fautus, the hypnotist, he was there. He won't be waking up any time soon.
ANNOUNCEMENT: As you may have worked out, this story is now drawing to a close :( We've have a lot of fun writing it and we'd like to thank everyone who has stuck with us this far! To wrap up, the next update will be on Saturday as usual, but then starting Monday there will be daily updates until the fic is over.
Seeing as you don’t seem to be getting it, here is a clear and comprehensive list of people you should be avoiding:
“Natasha Stark can say what she likes, we all know what this is really about... Sort out that awful haircut, Cap!!”
I will have to keep campaigning for the other people imprisoned under the terms of the Act, you realise. But I promise, nothing to land me back in jail. I'm done fighting, time to be selfish for a change. From now on it's you, me and James, and if anyone else needs help they can only have it if it doesn't endanger our family life. It's about time I put you first.
You’re 17. Making mistakes is basically your job. If it makes you feel any better, when I was 17 I had four girlfriends at once. And they all found out when drunk-me decided inviting them to an orgy and referring to them as my ‘harem’ would be a good idea. (Hint- it wasn’t.)
I know what you're going to say. I know you're going to tell me that you weren't in the lab, that you had nothing to do with it. But I know for a fact you were also the one with the DNA on file. You always knew cloning Thor was a possibility, and it was probably your idea to begin with; even if you didn't intend to act on it. So just tell me why. You aren't a god, Natasha- and neither was Thor. He was our friend. Why would you do this?
Now that's established, can we please try to remember what Melissa said about 'stupid' being an 'unhelpful word'? As I'm sure you know, marriages can be lost or won depending on the amount of unhelpful words. (Did you ever notice that Melissa only went into the useless textbook babble stuff when we went too deep into the superhero stuff? I guess even therapists have their limits.)
Here’s the thing- I thought I couldn’t access the security footage from the tower with Jarvis; but I kind of forgot that a certain traffic-light man has most of J’s access codes and programs. Which is a nice way of me saying:
And yeah, I looked up your projects. Like I said, we head hunt all our interns :P The phone charger sounds pretty interesting, though I can think of about 60 operational flaws you’d have to resolve. I’ll stick my notes in for you, should keep you busy for the summer. Pep will send you the rest of the details.
You know if you just carry on without registering, you'll be arrested. It won't matter what you've done in the past, if you are leader of some rebellion they will make an example of you and send you to prison for a long time!
Shut up. [throat clearing] Hey Hitler, I'm that perfect man you've been on about, but I fight for truth, justice and the American way, so suck it! [pause] We done? You got it?
'He clearly wants her back,' an anonymous source from within the prison service told us. 'He's been receiving letters from her every day since he turned himself in.'
James is fine. His rib is healing, so he is crying less. Peter bought him a little toy tool kit, but he isn't even big enough to hold them up yet, so I don't think he'll get a lot out of them for a while.
So if I was on a team Cap wouldn't have been chasing me around as much? I guess I can see the logic, but I prefer working on my own. I didn't exactly inherit your knack for being charming. I'd probably be about as popular with teenage super heroes as I am with regular teenagers (See: Not very)
I know, Sue spoke to me. How is Johnny doing anyway? I guess I don't really understand... if you think something is right, you don't stop believing that just because it gets tricky or dangerous to defend it. Then again, I guess she basically raised him. Maybe I'd feel differently if I had kids. Anyway, no-one is going to have a big angry mob. This is a democracy and they're going to get the chance to vote on it, what is there to even riot over? We're just keeping them informed about the choices, even the wrong one. :P
Ah yes, I'm familiar with parties that. Liz Allen does it to me any time she has a party. Honestly she knows I know I'm not invited, she just likes to tell me to my face...
But never mind that. What is this Lucy like? I hope she isn't a bad influence, Penelope! At least not worse than me....
Okay...I may have left a couple details out about the whole Loki situations at school, but that was only because you were freaking out every time I brought him up! So remember how I said that my friends thought I had a crush on him because I was trying to keep an eye on/avoid him? Well after he came to talk to me at my locker that time, the girls sort of invited him to eat lunch with us..
So why don't you submit the code? Is it the same reason you don't publish anything about the suit? Could he be made dangerous?
P.S. If we have a kid I think you'll be handling the meals for the first few months at least. :P Sorry, but I just don't have the necessary parts.
So you think of Captain America and Steve Rogers like two different people? It is like that with all the avengers or just him? What about Ironman, do you consider that a part of yourself or a separate entity?
I remember Sam. I asked him about his wings, but he didn't seem to know much about the technical details. He said I could look at them sometimes, if I promised not to touch any of the mechanics.
Fine, ask Harry about his dad’s super secret cabinet. I bet you he’s never seen inside it. Second, if this Eugene is that bad, if Harry was actually your friend he wouldn’t invite him to the parties. I told you, he’s probably just like his father. An Osbourne is an Osbourne is an Osbourne, and slime is hereditary.
We did a little crime fighting on the way. I was a little nervous in case there was any Vemon left, but Loki said I needed to 'get back on the horse' or i'd sync myself out too much. I probably wouldn't have done it if it had just been a robbery, but we ran into some guys hassling some poor girl and I didn't want to just leave her.
Okay, so, this is a classic case of Steve-sappy-Rogers taking something too far. The thing is, I kind of told him you were dying. I know that sounds bad, but we agreed we weren’t going to tell anyone about me and your mom so when I was trying to persuade him to do the 'Suck What/Who's Dick' recording at first I just said you were going to intern for me but I could see that wasn’t going to take so I might have implied-
Gwen tutors Flash Thompson in Math and wants me to talk to him about what he said at Prom. Apparently he has asked about me a few times. I've told her I'm not going to, but she won't drop it.
Seriously kid- is everything okay? I'm not saying let the crooks get away with what they're doing, I'm just saying be aware you're in public view. Also, I don't know what they're teaching you about grammar in these Florida schools but that last e-mail didn't make much sense.
I'm glad you're looking after yourself and the baby. Really, I'm glad you're thinking of it. But not everyone would- or could- just stop. I mean, look at Spiderman. He's just a kid. He has plenty of excuses to not do the right thing, but he does, because he feels like he has the powers for a reason. And maybe when you're so smart, you have a responsibility to do what you can to help too. Maybe not in the suit right now, but what about when the baby is born? You aren't planning on being Ironwoman again?
I've worked out a couple flaws with the charger already since the science fair, but it does still have a long way to go. It would be nice to have some time to concentrate on it, I seem to find myself too busy to look at it much lately.
I didn't tell you about Spiderman because I wasn't really sure if he would go through with it until the day. We've been talking on and off the past week or so. Turn out he is one of my young interns, who knew?
I'm sure about Wanda, that is why they kept her unconscious when we were captured. I'm betting Osborn wanted to replicate her powers, but that might have been easier said than done. Whatever they did to the twins, it effected them both very differently, and they are about as biologically similar as you can get. Whatever they gave them to give them powers, how it effects them can't be down solely to genetics.
I don't object to having a lawyer, I just don't want to be let off on a technicality or wiggle out through some loop hole. Not everyone can afford fancy lawyers, you know, and the whole thing can turn corrupt. Any lawyer fighting for me has to fight fair. We have to have faith that justice will be served. If I'm innocent of wrong doing, I'll go free, that's the only hope I have left.
Okay... I guess you're pretty tired of people bullshitting you, so I'm going to tell you the honest and total truth. Starting with this:
The obvious answer, of course, was that when Natasha Stark first developed her suit, she was free and single, whereas now she is a married woman. The change interested Skyers and prompted him to carry out an in-depth study of the couple, examining their body language and tone of voice in joint and individual interviews. With the recent coverage of the debate, he had plenty to choose from; and the conclusions he comes to makes for very interesting reading.
She didn't mean to tell him, it just slipped out. She said they were hanging out and he said they should stop by mine, and Mary Jane said I wasn't there and Harry asked where I was, so Mary Jane just said without thinking “Oh she is staying with her Dad”, but Harry knows my 'Dad' is dead, so he got confused and Mary Jane explained. She did apologise when Harry got mad at me for not telling him. I just told him I wanted to get used to it before anyone made a fuss.
Speaking of dating, how are things between you and Steve? I know you said he was thinking of moving to Washington...is that still happening? I'm sorry I didn't ask before...
At least the idea of Osbourne making an AI gave me a laugh. That guy can’t program to save his life. He’s a business man, not a scientist. He’ll make out it’s all sophisticated because it has 6000 pre-programmed responses instead of making it able to respond for itself. Even Ultron is more advanced than that, let alone Jarvis.
P.S I'll admit the fighting has become a problem, but I don't know how you propose to end it without you backing down.
Is that why Steve started training me? So we could get closer? Cause you know that is a little sneaky :P And here I thought he was actually worried about me getting killed :P
First, Peter is on my side. And he told me a) how pissed you got the night after Goliath died, after you dumped our son off on May and b) the exact schematics of the Negative Zone prison that he's spent the last few months trying to steal while he's been staying with you. By the time you read this, we will have gotten in there and got our guys out.
Anyway, what matters now is what you do to fix things. What sort of place is this city going to be without its ‘friendly neighbourhood Spiderman’? There will be a lot fewer bad puns, that’s for sure.
Persuading him to join you was one thing. If you somehow won this and he had to register with the government, that would be another. But you've basically just let the kid throw himself into the lion's den so that you can win a few more votes. Do you have any idea how irresponsible you're being, or do you just not care?
I just meant that the Prom was such a mess, no one will want to go to another party. Teenagers aren't meant to tell the truth...I'm not sure half the school is even talking to each other yet....
You're going to the politicians' meet and greet thing today, aren't you? I guess it would be hypocritical of me to wish you luck, but I hope you have fun. And don't stay out too late. And remember, if anyone asks if you're single now, you definitely aren't.
I want to come home, but not if I'd have to join you in rounding up unregistered superhumans. I said you'd made improvements, but a prison is still a prison.
Go find the record before you talk to the press, it is the best chance you'll have of them twisting it in your favour rather than against.
You know I think people might question if we have really broken up now that you have changed your name. But it was a sweet gesture <3 (Though calling you Mr Stark makes you sound like my Dad so i'm not going to do that again O_o)
P.S. I tried talking to Steve, and he just got even more pissed. So yeah, thanks for the horrible advice kiddo.
P.S That Atkins bitch sent me a letter offering me therapy, so we could talk about your abuse. Do you think it is still covered by doctor/patient confidentiality if I book an appointment and then just slap her?
Steve is still going to Washington, with Vision and the twins and Nat and his bff/secret crush the Falcon (He was at the party before Ultron, if you remember). With them leaving too, it looks like it's just going to be me and you in the Tower for a while. Is that okay?
About the running away thing, it’s cool. Honestly I wasn’t ready to meet you either. The training room here at the tower has been ready for you for weeks, but you didn’t seem to want to come so I didn’t tell you about it. Was that all that was bothering you? You didn’t want to come as Spiderman? You’re as bad as Steve. Spiderman is who you are, or a part of you at least. You and Steve both need to learn to embrace that. Your alter ego shouldn’t be a burden, otherwise why bother with it? I know you feel like you have responsibilities and that’s your choice, but I don’t see why you have to change who you are to do it.
maybe, if it's what the people want, we could have some more controls. Laws. Maybe people could be prosecuted for irresponsible use of their powers. Only being made to reveal their identity if they have to. I mean, Captain America could go on trial as easily as Steve Stark, right?
Seriously though. I guess so far- so far!- this Loki hasn't done anything too evil. So it's your call whether you want to trust him or not, I'll let you judge for yourself. For what it's worth, I still think he's up to something. But maaaaaaaybe it's just the normal 'something' that all teenage boys are up to. Including Vision now apparently. Weird.
Um...do you really think you should be pissing Osbourne off when he apparently has weapons hidden in his house? I mean I know you have the suit but you aren't in it all the time...what if he meant a more literal version of destroy?
It is kind of cool how attached you are to your robot friend. How long have you had him? The documentary never mentioned him so I guess he was created after your Dad died. Could I maybe look at the code one day? I'm kind of curious now. It must be pretty amazing to make the A.I sentient.
Important parts- Ultron is gone and dealt with. The two enhanced that he was working with that helped us out are going to stay here until we work out what to do with them, assuming the cradle can work its magic on Speedy. We’re searching for Osbourne, who we’re guessing managed to hit you with some kind of hallucinogenic. You seem okay otherwise. No broken bones, at least, but you’ve been out of it a couple of days. We have no idea where the hell Loki is, and I’m not sure if that’s good or bad. Also, I don’t really know why Osbourne didn’t kill you. Answers on a postcard please.
You told him I was dying?! You told him you had an intern who was dying and that their last wish was to have a recording of Captain America telling Hitler to suck it? Seriously?! Wow that is...
Mitigating circumstances- Rogers was found to have evaded the law in the first instance, but due to his voluntary surrender the sentence was reduced= Guilty
Yeah you have female friends, but you aren't a teenage female in those relationships, it is totally different! Guys just don't understand how they work, they are complicated.
I've been thinking, maybe the reason James is okay is because of the serum. I mean, I metabolise and heal and stuff faster than normal, maybe he... grew faster inside you? I know he's a tiny little dot but everything I've been reading suggests normally he'd probably be under-developed.
Are the steel shutters really necessary? Aunt May is freaking out and I'm not able to lie right now!
I miss you too, and I would make breakfast if you rescinded my ban! The eggs weren't that burnt...I was learning...
I'm embarking on a prison break. You can add that to your list of things to talk about when you get back.
Nomad has also allegedly been spotted using dustbin lids, hub caps and other round objects as projectile weapons.
Apologies for the late update today, I was having some computer issues. I thought it would be just typical if the first update I missed was the last one! But no, we can't put it off any longer. Here we go...
I don't think you need to be so harsh on Loki. Cap finally introduced me to Thor, and he said that Loki was re-incarnated, but that this younger Loki doesn't have any of the of old Loki's memories...so it is basically a completely new person.
You've been putting the act before you family, and I've decided I'm not going to do that. So me and James are going away. I won't let him be kidnapped by a criminal, even if that criminal is you!
Oscorp is a terrible company and she should have stayed with me, just saying. Hope you know where your loyalties lie!
Look, Loki said people were in danger and he was right. If I'd stayed they'd be who knows where being used to power who knows what! It was like something out the matrix, teenagers being used as batteries....though the Matrix didn't have a giant birdman claiming to be Thomas Edison. I googled him when I got back, apparently he did a similar thing in New Jersey a couple months back...Maybe I should try and get in touch with that Ms Marvel girl, at least to let her know the bird guy got out of prison and is on the loose.
Two, so your friends were setting you up with Loki and you just went along with it? I give up. You’re clearly insane. He hasn’t shown up since Thor got him out your house, right? I’m going to go check it out today, see if it’s safe to go back. I’m sure you’ll be glad to get away from us all. Well, except maybe Steve. Tell me, do you have a crush on him too?
Calling in deals isn't exactly squeaky clean either, but at least it isn't a bribe. And it means I get to hold James again. And do all kind of things to you again, if you'll let me. So I'll let it go.
I didn't send all the lawyers away, just five of them. I kept one in case I need them, but I'm hoping my case will speak for itself. It's not just me on trial here, it's the whole system. If there's any members of the public left who still believe in me and what I stand for, hopefully they'll listen.
I guess...but this is sort of something I want to do on my own. It was my fault my Uncle got killed. I saw the guy who did it rob a store, but I didn't do anything to stop him because the Clerk had been a massive jerk to me. I was petty and because of that my Uncle ended up dying in the middle of the street.
I wanted to know why I was meant to be avoiding him, you can't expect me to stop talking to someone and not tell me why. Anyway I like hanging out with Cap, so maybe you could just ignore him and I could keep being his friend. He hasn't done anything to annoy me after all.
So first of all, let's talk about the clone. I've said it before and I'll keep saying it- we'll deal with any threats between us and with our friends, because we'll have to. You say Thor's turned the tide a ton of times, but the truth is we all have. Losing anyone is a huge loss to the team. But we'll win, we'll save everyone, because that's what we do; and we don't give up when losing isn't an option.
I told you. Every other paternity test came back negative. And I’d be pretty hypocritical to be mad at you messing up.
What's more, you're keeping them in another dimension in a prison for supervillains. People they put there themselves. You're locking them up with psychopaths and mass murderers just because they have identities- families- they want to protect.
You are right about it being different. People with a history of violence, or metal health issues can't get a gun licence, but they can get the power to blow up an entire town.
I'm sorry I didn't get you out of there today. I know you were probably confused, and I didn't want to leave you there. But Steve was right, you're still sick and I need you to be safe.
I can't help feeling this whole thing is about to blow up in our faces. We've been at a stalemate for too long, and someone is going to break somewhere and do something they regret. Just promise me it won't be you.
Did you know when I was kept hostage in that cave there was another guy with me? Did you know he died buying me time to escape? We all have things we wish had gone differently. It doesn’t mean they’re our fault. If you wouldn’t blame your best friend for it, don’t blame yourself.
But no matter what arguments I make or how many times I re-read your points in these e-mails, I just keep wondering, what if you're right? What if James did inherit the serum? Is that what we want? For him to be marked and watched by the government his whole life? To be enlisted when they think they need the extra power? At least in the war, we knew who we were fighting and why, we knew it was the right thing to do. There was a clear enemy. But now, things are a lot less black and white. He could be made to do anything, so could you. And even if they never called on him, they'd be keeping tabs on him the whole time. Everyone would know who he was and what he could do. He'd never have a choice about it.
Don't worry, I wasn't expecting some grand romantic tale. I knew I was born shortly after my Mom got married, so to be honest I was worried she'd cheated on my Step Dad. I'm glad she didn't.
A couple of my guys have had a bit of trouble, mainly it seems to be when they around a crowd of people. All it takes is one person to make a comment and suddenly there is an angry mob.
You know there is a chance the super solider serum might pass on to him right? And even if it doesn't, that stuff messed with your DNA pretty thoroughly, it is unlikely he'd inherit you pre-serum genes.
You can't just turn up at my school and attack people! Especially when they haven't technically done anything wrong! What exactly was the plan!? Were you going to kill him or just maim him a little? I don't think Thor is going to be very happy when he finds out...
And I thought it went pretty well. You have to admit, more people seemed to support me at the end than did at the start. We're on our way to a normal-sized house, darling.
Problem is, it’s a two way street. If you don’t want me to have any authority over you then I only have the tiniest bit of responsibility towards you and I don’t have to justify myself to you. Especially when I was only trying to do something nice for you. And you got a kick out of it, so at least there was one time in your life when I made you happy for a while.
Still, though. I'll be honest, it's a little harder to believe in the justice of an American jury lately. They probably all still think I'm an anti-democracy, wife-beating lowlife. The public still can't see that this act is wrong. I guess until now I thought good always won in the end. Or maybe I'm just on the wrong side. I never thought I'd walk out on you for months, or say 'no' when the people I'm supposed to serve say 'yes'. I never thought I'd actually want to kill someone. It was always necessity, self-defence. But I'm telling you now, if Sin was in front of me, I'd kill her with my bare hands and enjoy it. It kind of scares me.
I've tried so many times to tell you this in person, I think it's going to be easier to write it down; especially now, when you're still recovering from having that horrible thing inside you.
No one is experimenting on me, don't worry. You know how I told you I knew Harry Osborn? Well since we go to school together, his Dad let our class go on a field trip around one of his labs. They were doing some experiments on Spiders and one of them got out and after it bit me I got spider powers. I think it was radioactive or something.
However, the Court took into account Rogers' long service record, confession of guilt and previous good conduct in the final sentence, reducing the time to be served to 25 years without parole. In a move certain to be divisive, S.H.I.E.L.D has reclaimed the Captain America shield and costume, suggesting they may already be looking for a new Captain America. However, the Captain America brand, including all rights to the character and merchandise, are still held by Stark Industries, which means there could be another legal battle on the horizon. Natasha Stark was in court to hear the sentencing (
Sorry, I should have said ‘This is Steve Rogers, who would be recording a special message if he could work out what the hell Stark has written here’.
I'm not leaving school. I'll get Loki to leave me alone, and if he does something bad I'll help you take him down, but you need to back off a little.
P.S. So why didn't Osbourne work on Wanda at the base, when they were still volunteering and we didn't know about them yet?
So I assume I can start using this line again in order to update you on your son, even if you won't talk to me about the act.
But seriously, yeah, he wants us to be friends. He was pretty mad I didn’t tell him about you right away, but I’m just about forgiven now. He’s really anxious for you to like him, so play nice, okay? And of course he talks me up, he is madly in love with me. I tend to have that effect on people.
Anyway. What I'm supposed to tell you is that we finally found Loki. Actually, he was there when we went to take out King Dick. He had Harry with him, it looked like he was trying to set up some trade or blackmail. Anyway, he saw us (Well, Thor) and high tailed it out of there. So you know, still a sleazy coward, just saying.
With that in mind, I really do think you should take Steve. Especially with King of the Dicks being so creepy right now. I’d feel better if someone was with you, honestly. Besides, he told me he didn’t dance with anyone at his own prom and that’s just tragic. Also, I find he’s a pretty handy media shield when I want to do something under the radar. They love him. So if ever the paparazzi gets too much, you can just go ‘Look! It’s Captain America!’ and flee. Think about it.
I've had people talk about me before, but never been the popular kid...it is weird. I'm used to Jocks and Cheerleaders trying to avoid me, not actively try to be my friend. Speaking of Cheerleaders, they asked me to join their squad. That is something I 100% don't want to do.
Oh I sort of assumed you knew all the other heroes. He isn't in the Avengers or anything, but he has been taking down muggers and stuff in New York. He seems pretty cool. The Daily Bugle hates him though.
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Tony's Starkphone screen.
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Tony's Starkphone screen.
It sounds like you and Cap are pretty good friends, that is nice :) Though I think I'll keep your theories to myself...Cap sort of has a lot of fans amongst the girls at school. If I told them any of these I'd probably be more of an outcast then I already am...
I tried spiking my hair up a little in the front like the kids do, just for you. Tell me what you think. (Picture attached)
Osbourne did something to you in the lab, fused some sort of parasitical symbiote onto your skin. That's what was making the suit, it was also what was getting inside your head and making you act crazy. You wouldn't have done anything that you did if you weren't being influenced by it.
It has to do with me because the press will make everything to do with me, and they will inevitably be outside your prom to analyse your dress, your car, your date, etc. etc. And if you don’t go, they’ll say it was because of me and all the trauma of finding out I’m your father, blah blah blah. (Also, I just realised we haven’t done a Star Wars spoof yet. I’m disappointed in us. We could make a Vine. Let’s make a Vine.)
Okay look, maybe I was a bit harsh. I get that what old Loki did was a pretty personal attack, and I'm sorry you lost people. Him coming back must be hard for you but..the old Loki did die. This one technically hasn't done anything wrong, and putting him in a cage and telling him to be good...well that is just gonna end with you and Thor falling out.
My Mom was called Mary Parker, I put a picture in the envelope to help you remember. I guess I can understand why you might not..it was a long time ago after all.
He said he just wanted to know Spiderman's identity because I 'saved his life', and since I wouldn't give up the information willingly, he decided to spike the punch. He wasn't being evil so much as an ass, and I'm not sure where is he because I left him at the Prom. Didn't want to go spilling any more secrets so through it was best to ditch.
The couple insist this separation is just for the period of campaign, in order to avoid any accusations of bias or corruption. However, we have to ask- is it a sign that politics have finally poisoned this marriage made in Superhero Heaven?!
?'. Or someone corrupt gets into power, decides to go and tell the Kingpin where he can get his hands on the list. There are so many ways this can go wrong, Natasha.
You once asked me if I would have felt differently if our kid had been at that school. Well, now let me ask you something. Say no-one knew you were Iron Man, say no-one knew who was under the suit, and say you didn't have millions of dollars to spend on security and protective tech. Say you had enemies and the only thing keeping you and our child safe was the fact they couldn't find you. Then tell me honestly that you'd be happy to register, knowing you were putting our baby right in the crosshairs. I bet you can't.
As for two, if you agree about the sentencing, you need to help me. A word from you will go a long way in this case. Could we get some lawyers to start working on it? We could look at getting the sentences reduced to start off with, in recognition of previous service to the country/community. After all, there's a precedent now, they took time off mine.
You mean other than us being in Stupid Florida, with the Stupid Press watching my every stupid move? We are fine!
It looks bad, so people might not accept the explanations...and i think you should be ready for them not to think the attack was justified even if they do....
Don't let him see these again. It's private, you know. And speaking of private, Wanda shouldn't have told you what she showed me. Not her biggest fan right now, tbh.
Trust me, I've been shoved in enough lockers over the years to know where I stand. I'm smart and I'm not pretty, basically the perfect storm of unpopularbility. I don't really mind...I'm sort of used to it now...
NATASHA: Shut up! I was so scared... I thought it was losing him! I sent Peter to try and find you...
'It just didn't add up,' Norman Skyers confides. 'We've seen before how keen Ms Stark is to keep her armour out of government and military control. I just kept asking “What changed?”.'
Dr Atkins does seem to have been targeting her attacks more at you than Mrs Stark. She had made several attempts previously to convince Mrs Stark to talk to her, and even one to convince Mrs Stark to begin spreading lies about you relationship. Mrs Stark responded in her usual restrained manner.
Sin is the Red Skull's daughter. Nazi, Hydra, and insane. Skull was at least a little predictable. Sin not so much. She would murder James for sneezing too loudly. If she didn't want the key to the serum, he'd be dead already.
No siblings. Plenty of people have made the claim, but you’re the first where the test came back positive. I don’t think legal was quite sure what to do with you. Paternity tests we’re used to, they have my sample on file because it happens at least once a month. It’s kind of a pain.
(Was this ‘couple of friends’ going to include Osbourne’s kid? Ahahaha NO. Remember how I told you to avoid Loki and you didn’t and that worked out great for you? Well, remember how I also told you to avoid Harry? Do that.)
You like peanut butter cups? In that case, would you know anything about the peanut butter ice cream that’s gone missing from the freezer?
Thank you for the money by the way. I know Aunt May was worrying about paying for college. It does feel a little weird to take money from you when we've never met though...
Since the introduction of the SHRA, there has been no shortage of criticism. Even following the arrest of Steve Stark, the most prolific and vocal opponent of the act, the voice of disagreement has not been quieted. Many famous heroes continue to operate in secret, evading the forces of law and order that aim to bring them to justice. This is even true of those already convicted for non-registration, many of whom are suspected of having given false information to the registry in order to be released from their initial life-sentence jail terms. Most then go on to return to their life of vigilantism with re-offence rates estimated at 87% for super-humans convicted of non-registration.
But seeing as I know you'll say that's too wishy-washy and a fantasy, what if we recruited some new members for the Avengers? Peter's proved himself pretty handy. Maybe we should have him around more permanently.
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Penny's Starkphone screen.
I called Jen, apparently she knows this Murdock guy and rates him. She said she'll arrange a meeting, but she think he might take a little convincing. Apparently he was pretty against the whole super hero registration act thing, so i'm not exactly his favourite person right now. Jen says she'll try and convince him I want to help, but if I hit a brick wall we might have arrange for him to meet you instead.
Oh yeah I'm totally gonna answer the phone when I'm under the influence of a truth potion! I barely made it past Aunt May!
He better not do anything cute while I'm gone! He already crawled while I was at work, if he looks like he is going to walk you better stop him! Give him a cookie, a new toy, I don't care! Anything short of pushing him over, I want to be there for his first steps :(
Dad did not just have one secret underground lab, he had at least half a dozen of them. He was pretty paranoid during the Cold War, thought every second person was a spy while every second person thought he was one himself. I notice they left that out. And maybe you noticed with those stupid pictures that he wasn’t in a single one of them. The way they acted like he was a dedicated father made me just about want to vomit, seriously.
I'm glad James is doing okay. I just hope he gets bigger and stronger... Not that there's anything wrong with being small, but trust me, I grew up the smallest in the class and there is nothing fun about it. Before that, though, I want him to be healthy. It's no fun being sick all the time either.
So, guess who showed up here looking for you? Well, amongst the dozens of others who didn't know you've left the state? Your little friend Eugene, aka 'Flash'. Turns out he's a big Spidey fan and seems to think that makes up for all the crap he pulled. He's not the brightest bulb in the box, is he? I asked him how many minutes he had left to save the world and he didn't get it AT ALL. What do they teach in schools these days?
Yep, just me at a party all alone. Maybe I'll practice my flirting technique, it has been a while after all. Then again I don't want to give any of the older boys a heart attack ;)
Spiderman has great power, so she has a responsibility to use it to help people. Cause if she doesn't then bad things happen to people who don't deserve it, and the bad guys just get to run and hide like nothing ever happened, and no one gets any real justice. It isn't fair.
And no one has said anything about forcing heroes to enlist! They'll have just as much choice as a Non-powered human would.
Your Aunt May got out of hospital today. She's staying with her sister. I hired a nurse to check in on them every day. She wants to come see you desperately, so expect to see her soon. I don't think even Fury will be able to keep your Aunt from you.
One, I haven't seen Spiderman without the mask. I'm just guessing by the fact he was doing his geography homework while we were waiting for the debate to start. That, and the fact that he was complaining about it being his turn to do the laundry. But hey, you want to expose a kid's secret identity while they're still at school, you go ahead :P
embodiment of lies and evil by growing flowers and helping the elderly. Do I even need to tell you to watch out for him? It feels self-explanatory.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by it. When I was growing up, people always said 'my wife is having a baby' because she was the one carrying it. I sort of feel like I'm taking more credit than I should if I say say 'we'. But still, if it's what you want, I will next time.
I kind of always liked the idea of Maria for a girl, after my Mom...maybe we could use one and have the other as the middle name.
So no. No he is not coming to the party, especially when people are after him. Let’s file that under bad ideas and move on.
As for Steve, he turns down interviews that are about him. He’ll do appearances if it’s for a good cause. He was the key speaker for a gala dinner for veterans last month, and I’ll be honest, he did a good job. He had them eating out of the palm of his hand. Only thing is, I caught him in the bathroom five minutes later and he was shaking like a leaf. He’s a pretty shy guy when you get down to it. He always says Cap is the symbol and all, and he has to live up to that. I guess if he had a secret identity it would take off some of the pressure he likes to put on himself.
He just wanted me to pass on his thanks to Spiderman, then started asking me about my photos. I think he is hoping he can trick me into revealing Spiderman's identity, but don't worry I won't let that happen.
Stealth mission it is then. I'll book us a room under a fake name, you just concentrate on getting there tomorrow night ;)
If kids want to help we should let them. I agree on trying to get them some training, but do you really want the government to be in charge of that? How is that different to just enlisting some 13 year old? Or, if they banned it, are you really going to tell them they're too young to do the right thing?
Technically that was the Loki from before, not this Loki. This Loki can't control anyone's mind, otherwise wouldn't he have just taken over mine already? You know, you could always ask him some questions. He probably remembers a lot more about that staff than you do.
Also, quit being asleep when I want to yell at you. Still, I hope you have a good day tomorrow. Try to play nice with the other kids, do what your teacher tells you, make friends that aren’t psychopaths, the usual.
We are learning from our mistakes! That's why things are changing! You are the one stuck in the past...
And the reasons you are in Canada is because I can't imagine what ever safe house you have been hiding in is exactly equipped to deal with someone who just had an entire mine fall on their head! You'll be taken care of there and more importantly not arrested.
Sexist little worm, they should take his licence! He is obviously a quack! I could pull a better diagnosis out of my ass...
Look, I would just tell you straight if I didn’t want you on this little road trip, but the point is, someone needs to man the base. I don’t want Loki or Hydra or any weird guys in goblin masks making this any worse. And if you must know, it was Cap’s plan, not mine. I wanted you with us.
I hate to say it...but she might have a point there. The Thor clone was made because he was such a power house and there might be a time when we need that...but I can see how S.H.I.E.L.D could go from there to rationalising the cloning of other heroes....
P.P.P.S. Knock yourself out in the lab. It was pretty much run by Jarvis though, so you may need to order new equipment. Get whatever you need.
Do you think Ultron will try and access the mainframe? I mean wouldn't he has done that while he was here? Are you just saying that so I'll feel useful and not try and come help? Because you realise I have no access to a plane and neither me nor Loki has the ability to fly right?
P.S. Wired you some money for James. I know you have more money than I could ever dream of and the amount I can offer won't make any difference, but I don't want to be a total deadbeat. I miss you both, so much.
You know what definitely isn’t a bad idea? Ultron. So no need to tell Cap yet. He’ll like it when it’s done, I could just do without the inevitable interrogation from a man who found out IVF was a thing and got all weirded out.
I should have been there. I should have come home as soon as Goliath died to look after you. I wanted to. You probably don't believe that, but I did. But I guess I thought duty had to come first. I guess I don't think that anymore, I can't, I need James.
I figured maybe I should tell you what actually happened. So I went for option one, ie, being sneaky. I got shown in and I was waiting in the room where low and behold, suspicious liquor cabinet. I figured it would be their public-ish space if that was where the parties were. Anyway, I slipped a little micro-scanner on it, which was busy getting infrared and ultrasound and X-ray and all sorts of lovely pictures while Osbourne kept me waiting in the most obvious attempt at a mind game I’ve ever seen. Anyway, he eventually shows, we do the whole back-and-forth banter, I make some dramatic declarations of war/revenger to make it seem like that was all I was there for, he says he is going to destroy me and my reputation, blah blah blah, my scanner uploads to Jarvis and I get out of there, leaving the scanner to dissolve after an hour or so in a system totally-not-based-on-your-web-fluid-after-you-showed-me-that-one-time. So yeah. Cap still isn’t 100% convinced that Osbourne is up to no good, but now I’ve had a closer look at the scans and run them by Jarvis I’m reasonably sure that those are parts of some sort of weapon or transport or who knows what, plus some things that are definitely incendiaries. Unless Oscorp is planning a move into the arms market, those aren’t just prototypes. Couple it with the fact he’s apparently been working on super-power-giving spiders, and even Cap’s agreed it warrants a Shield observation. I give it about five minutes before they find something illegitimate.
Well I'm pretty sure he wasn't involved! He knew I was going to arrest Osbourne, why not just stop me before I took him in? Plus he wasn't the one who hit me with the bomb! That was...someone else.
About Cap. I wasn't really being fair before. I think he misses you, he just says Flash needs a good role model and blah blah blah. Don't worry, Pietro is giving him super-speed wedgies whenever Steve leaves them unsupervised.
Either way, don't worry about getting a lawyer, I'll sort all that. Though it isn't like any judge will send Captain America to prison...at least not for very long anyway....
It would be a little embarrassing to send Dr Banner fan mail, he'd probably just think I was a weirdo. Also you really took his Bunsen burner? You are a billionaires! You are telling me you don't have a George Foreman or something?
I think Spiderman is a good guy, just...kind of nervous. He might be worried you are going to capture him for being a vigilante or something. I don't know, just don't take it personally that he keeps running off.
I never said I minded people finding out you are my Dad, I thought you didn't want people to know you had a kid.
I was starting to doubt that, you know. When I was in jail. It seemed so pointless, all the fighting; all it had done was take me away from you two, taken a lot of people away from their families. I started to think maybe things don't always work out.
Darling I encrypted your phone months ago, it uses the same encoded line mine does, so no one can find you but me and I have no intention of putting you in jail and raising this kid alone. You are fine.
Don’t worry about the robots. They pretty much do their own thing. If Steve can avoid setting them on fire I’m sure May can. (Although the guy is not so techno-phobic as you might think. His Medal of Honour scores are better than anyone’s; I guess the whole reaction time thing isn’t a problem to him. But honestly he has spent way too much time playing Animal Crossing. It’s super weird.)
You are nuts, you know that? You're messed up in the head. Harry GASSED you. You were out for days. Then he threatened to reveal your identity. You know where he was, when we picked him up after your letter? Half way to the Bugle. Some friend.
I’m guessing you’re pissed with me now. Well, congratulations, that’s what having a deadbeat for a dad is all about.
Chicken soup? Are you sick? You need to be careful. Anyway, Peter might be young but he was eager to help out, plus he felt guilty enough about screwing me over during the campaign that I know he's going to take his job seriously and watch you like a hawk. Just think of him as a live in Intern/babysitter.
P.S What did you say to make Steve mad? Did you ask him to talk about what was bothering him, or just yell at him for not thinking you were enough or something?
I'm sorry about ruining the surprise. Will it keep until I get home? I will be back eventually, I promise. Miss you.
Jarvis is as interested in your health as I am. He won't be that easy to persuade. Anyway, give him some credit, he isn't going to do it while you're in mid-air or something.
And did you explain to May that you were Spiderman before I even knew you existed? Or that I tried to stop you? That I tried to get you to go to Xavier's school?
Harry doesn't invite anyone to his parties, he just posts them on facebook and who ever comes comes. I swear he doesn't know half the people most of the time, but thats Harry for you. He liked he attention, I think probably because he doesn't get any at home...
guy with the most perfect deadpan you’ve ever heard. He can be absolutely trashing someone while looking totally innocent. If I could persuade him to play poker for money instead of freezer contents, he’d make a damn fortune. Best way I can sum it up? Captain America looks politely bewildered by modern pop culture references and tells me ‘Now isn’t the time, we’re on a mission’. Steve Rogers decided to get revenge by quoting movies from the 40s none of us have ever seen, and then worked out that if he said something as if it was a quote he could make us watch Clark Gable’s entire filmography trying to find it before we realised he was trolling us. The guy is a
As for us, well, hopefully I've done my part. Now you need to get rid of that clone, and make sure this never happens again.
Okay I couldn't understand a lot of that, your hand writing gets pretty bad when you are drunk apparently, so you might want to re-write some of it when you are sober if it was important.
Flash is NOT coming anywhere near any party I'm throwing! He hates me! He's shoved me into a locker at least 7 times, and I'm almost certain he has dropped me into every single bin around school. He is a bully and a jerk, and his real name is Eugene so you can't really blame him for changing it to Flash.
Anyway he knew the risks going in, we discussed it at length and he spoke to his Aunt before the press conference (turns out his parents aren't divorced, they died when he was little. Poor kid lives with his elderly aunt.) So you can stop making out like I manipulated him now!
I won’t come down if you don’t want me too, but at least stay in bed until we’ve checked you over. You’ve been pretty ramble-y and nuts since we’ve been back, so we need to make sure it’s out of your system before we let you go.
Look, I told you, I am prepared to look at compromises. Maybe I'm just not smart enough to think of any good ones, but you are. Think of something, and we'll look at it.
I'll look into trying to get the sentencing reduced, but I'm not really sure what I could do other then speaking out against it. I did hear that some Lawyer who had started campaigning...Murdark or Murdock or something...maybe I can offer to help him out in some way.
Just so you know, it really doesn't matter that you are covering your face when I can recognise your ass from a mile away.
I did appreciate the recording, and I appreciate that you keep writing to me even though you probably don't really want to.
“Stark is not only a name, it's also a globally recognisable brand. Cap needs to cut the crap on this one and get with the times!”
I get that you think I’m inexperienced, and maybe I’ve been an idiot with the whole Loki thing, but I can handle myself! I took down a huge lizard man on my own, doesn't that count for something?
I hate that you sided with registration. It really threw me, actually. I'm used to us disagreeing, but I had so much faith in you doing the right thing where it counted, and that opposing the act was the right thing, that I was really thrown for a loop when you said you were for it. I guess maybe I felt a little betrayed, even though I knew I had no right to feel that way. So I tried to act like I didn't mind, like your politics didn't bother me. Unfortunately, it did. Quite a lot.
And no, that wasn’t why Cap was training you. He was worried about you getting killed. (As we still are. I haven’t given up on you going to Xavier). He didn’t even know when he started hanging out with you. Remember when I said to avoid him? He found out around then, and I was pretty annoyed he was still bugging you when he was being all pissy with me. I thought he was going to break up with me, seriously. He’s more of a teenage girl then you are when he wants to be.
Okay, so the tabloids are going crazy but did you bother looking at the broadsheets? Most of them are all 'allegedly'-ing it up. Plenty of people don't believe that we sent a minor into the field as an Avenger, or that we illegally detained a minor (even though we sort of did). Just remember, the inflammatory headlines are just there to sell papers. It's not representative of what people actually think.
I saw Spiderman the other day. He swung by to try and convince me to take you back. He had a speech prepared and everything, it was kind of adorable.
Good luck with school, kid. Remember, this is your chance to be whoever you want. No pre-expectations. Trust me, I went to a new school for practically every grade. Make the most of it, that's my motto. So try not to stress, okay? Let me know how it goes.
P.S. Don’t tell Steve about the Ultron project. If I try to explain it before I can show him exactly what Bruce and I are trying for, he’s going to be all sucky and dumb about it.
After some technical difficulties, I think I have worked out how to update from the tablet! Which means new chapters even from the mystical land of Cornwall, huzzah!
I'm not drunk. Peter is enforcing you no drinking rule. Though he hates me now, so hey maybe you can get him to switch sides again. How nice for you.
Ah sorry, I feel like i'm sounding really judgy now. I'm not! I'm just interested really... I mean I wonder if Steve Rogers would have kept his identity secret if he had had the chance, I've heard he had turned down a bunch of interviews since waking up. He seems like the type of person to like his privacy...
Yeah you obviously know nothing about relationships between female friend. Especially teenager female friends. There wasn't any choice to not go along with it! If I'd kicked up a fuss they would have just taken it as more evidence that I liked Loki. Unless they could see him being out right creepy, then they would have kept pushing. Plus they might have started talking to him alone, which I didn't want if he was dangerous.
Thor's still trying to persuade me of Loki's innocence, though. Apparently the big baby doesn't like having to live on Asgard in a big fancy palace. You know how they keep saying Loki's been reincarnated? Apparently that's pretty common in Cloud Cuckoo Land. So they're in some fight against a 'Dark Elf' (I'm assuming that's some D&D thing) and Loki dies saving Thor. Or so Thor says. I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing in Thor's face because Loki only does things for Loki. Anyway, because of his 'selfless sacrifice' Thor felt he deserved another shot or something and awakened his spirit in some street urchin he found in Paris. It all sounds super weird and creepy, but most importantly, suspicious as anything. If Loki was planning something big, and he wanted to be trusted again, what better way than to appear to save Asgard's golden boy? Don't fall for it, Pen. I don't think you'll have any more trouble but if he chases you out to Florida, tell us right away and do not trust him. Remember this guy kidnapped Harry and hid in your house.
It doesn't sound like you have the healthiest diet...if I don't eat Aunt May guilts trips me, and she is pretty strict on how much we can have take out. Maybe you should try a home cooked meal now and then, even if you aren't the one who cooks it.
Spiderman came over again. He told me he'd run a piece in the school paper about why I really had to fight that lady and apparently everyone believed it. (Actually, from the sound of things, they'd believe anything he says right now. I don't think he knows how to deal with the popularity.) So hey, I definitely have the under 18s vote. Except that none of them can vote. Mind if we hold off on the referendum for a year or two? :P
I can scan all the notebook pages if you like, but be warned, I think tiny me may have got hold of it a couple times, because some of the pages are just crayon scribbles.
Look it is just for now, to let people know we are serious with this act! We'll start the ball rolling with trials soon enough, and I'm sure they'll let most people go as long as they agree to register or stop super-heroing.
He was probably just a little intimated when he saw you, I mean you are a pretty big deal. I'm sure he didn't mean to be rude.
I told you to avoid Cap because he’s being an asshole and he should leave you alone until he’s apologised. It’s not really one thing, it’s a bunch of little things. Steve and Cap are both super irritating right now, as if being a jerk in one guise wasn’t enough. And it is nothing like getting a divorce because we were never close friends. I’m just starting to remember all the things I dislike about the guy. I’d definitely never be stupid enough to marry a guy like that.
It measures your vitals and if they are at dangerous levels it’ll activate. You can also do it manually by saying ‘Tango Sierra’. It sends a signal to the nearest hero with an Avengers ID and/or any cops that are around.
Don't bother asking the Parkers where I am. I haven't told anyone. So feel free to go home at any time. I won't be there.
You can do this. You can and you will and you have to, for James' sake and for mine. I'm sorry to do this to you. If I wasn't Captain America, maybe it would have been different. But a symbol can't compromise their principles.
As for Spiderman, can’t you put in a good word or something. Say ‘I know Iron Man and he’s totally rad’ or something. It seems suspicious to me. Tread cautiously.
I'm sorry she told me about your fear, she was only using it as an example in order to explain Steve's, and you were the one who told me to ask about that.
When we visited the home of Sam 'The Falcon' Wilson, headquarters of the No campaign, we found it deserted. Sources suggest that Captain America and his supporters who have also defaulted on registering have gone into hiding to escape the penalty of the law. What their next move will be, no-one knows.
My Jarvis couldn’t be made dangerous, not without extensive reprogramming. Doesn’t mean I want anyone trying to duplicate him though. Besides, he’s a sentient machine. If sci-fi has taught us anything, it’s that having too many sentient machines never, ever ends well. Also he’s sort of my friend and giving out code at this point would be like handing out DNA for people to clone. Super weird.
'Steve has made a mistake,' she said. 'People may have been sympathetic before, particularly as he gave himself up and was ready to serve the cause of justice. Now, I don't see any way he can avoid a jail term.'
Aww you worked it out. Well done! Too bad it is much much too late for you to do anything. Your son is mine, and now your wife is mine, and after I make her fry you I'll release control just long enough to let her see what she's done, and then i'll snap her neck so she can join you in hell.
STEVE: I still don't like the idea of federal registration and control, especially not now, after all this.
Don't you think it is kind of cool that Cap was basically the Nazi ideal, but yet kick their asses? It is like “Hey Hitler, I'm that perfect man you've been on about, but I fight for Truth, Justice and the American way, so suck it!”
I'm pretty good at building things, but I think I lean more towards Biology and Chemistry. It is amazing how the human body can be changed, just look at mutants or the Hulk. Not that I'm planning on turning myself into a giant green rage monster any time soon, I just think it is interesting.
He killed HUNDREDS of people. He almost took out the Hulk. He nearly killed Steve. He tried to unleash a NUCLEAR BOMB. He’s also
Aunt May doesn't like to talk about the whole Spiderman thing, and she is 'sick' of hearing my complain about Florida. It was her stupid idea. We don't know why she expects me to be happy about it.
You are in so much trouble when I get home!!! I don't know how to discipline kids but I'm gonna work it out and then so so much trouble! There’d better be a damn good explanation!
Listen, Nattie, this is too hard to say in person, so... I might end up being in prison for a long time, but you understand I have to go back, I have to turn myself back in. I can't live life on the run and I need to show people I'm still on their side, I'm still going to do the right thing. But the chances are I'm going to end up being in prison for a long time. I mean, just being unregistered carries a life sentence right now, if you remember. I hate the idea of being away from you for a single second, I hate it, but if you come to visit I need you to promise not to bring James. Not until he's older. Prison is no place to bring a child. Just make sure he knows I love him. And that I'm sorry.
I'm not gay if that is what you are asking, just making an observation. The boys certainly think Lucy is pretty anyway.
And we have told Hawkeye et al to quit. Steve even wanted to rat them out to their parents until I talked him down. The guy has a serious stick up his ass. Anyway, it’s different with them, because a) they’re on a team so there’s proportionally less chance of them being killed,
Anyway, STAY AWAY FROM LOKI. I don’t know why I have to say that so much, but do it. Skip school if you have to and get out of there. It won’t be coincidence that he’s there, I assure you.
If you talk to the press they'll think I just bullied you into it. They've made up their minds already.
I think when he turned into Cap it was an illusion, but when he is Lucy he actually physically changes into a female....maybe? I don't know, I'll have to ask him when we go on our date :P
He nearly killed all the Avengers. At once. Including his brother, who is just about the strongest there is. You might be good, kid, but you aren’t better than all of us combined.
To everyone who came up with such smart explanations and theories, I apologise. We must seem like the trolliest trolls, but ah well.  The real reason for the letter is that Tony is kind of a lying asshole. >.
And I didn’t mean ‘easy’ as in ‘women are all easy to sleep with’. I meant ‘easy’ as in ‘uncomplicated, for fun, without commitment’. Your mom and I had one night together, it didn’t mean anything, she ran back to her fiancée and I went onto the next woman. Get over it.
Oh would it be okay to have a couple friends over sometime? Mary Jane really wants to see what it is like in the tower.
I read some of the tweets earlier, a lot of people are starting to think I haven't said anything because I'm trying to protect you. They've even started putting up pictures of me where you can see slight bruising. I save the planet every other day! Of course I have bruises!!
Don’t be jelly? Is that seriously a phrase kids use now? Really? And I’m not. I can have Steve hugs whenever I want, and then some. Just saying~~~
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but Loki is the least of our problems right now. He’s definitely up to something, but King Dick and the heir to his throne are up to something faster, and we need to find out what.
So, update- the questioning did not really go over so well. Natasha got over there and Osbourne just wanted to know if she was there for the Avengers or Shield. When she said both, he told her the police could handle it. (Right). Anyway, you might be surprised to know Nat didn’t kick him in the face ala Penelope Parker, because Cap had told her to keep it, quote, ‘boring and legal’. Of course, her definition of those terms is pretty flexible and she bugged a cop on the way in so we could listen to what he was saying. Nat and Steve are running voice analysis now, see if the slimeball was lying to the cops. He’s mostly blowing hot air though; ‘they tried to kidnap my son, I want them found, I want them dead’, blah blah blah. I sent him a text reminding him to thank you for saving his useless kid ;)
You know he bought his Aunt too right? I think maybe the press have been giving her a little trouble, showing up at all hours. Peter seems to think she'll be able to get some rest here, since the security is much stricter.
How are you finding life downstairs? Just ask Jarvis if you need anything. He can also get notes and stuff to print off on my floor, so if I take too long to check these e-mails just ask. I’ve upped the security so hopefully this is the last we’ll see of Loki popping up. Can we borrow a house key? Nat thinks he might be hiding in your house somewhere like the freak he is and Captain Stickass is against breaking the door down even though I could totally replace it with a better one
You should tell your aunt not to talk about the past to Steve. It only makes him mopey, and he's been acting cold enough lately as it is. I am definitely feeling avoided. Did you ask Hermione what she did to him?
So how does he do it anyway? Is it an illusion? Shapeshifting? Because honestly a shapeshifting Loki is the last thing I want to worry about. Well, after whatever the hell he was planning to do with Venom after he got it out of you.
I can't wait for this conference to be over. I only ever used to come to these things to drink and pick up guys. Without that it is just reeeeally boring...
Even if this war is all over tomorrow, even if we get all our guys out of your prison tonight and overthrow this act, I don't know if I could come home to you right now.
The same with email, I don't have your address. And even if I did, emails are easy to delete. Letters get kept and re-read, or atleast that is what my Aunt said...
That aside, not everyone can reveal their identities. If you do this, you're putting lives at risk. Our friends and colleagues. Please, the vote is tomorrow. I'm asking you not to do this. It's not too late, Nattie.
As for how I got him to say it, don’t underestimate my powers of persuasion :P Or my supplies of Ben & Jerrys, officially Steve Roger’s favourite thing about the future. I think they should introduce a Cap-themed range just for him, like ‘The Star Spangled Flan with a Plan’ or something. Or just call it ‘Who’s Dick?’, though not many people would get the joke. I was expressly forbidden from putting it on the internet, so it’s going to have to wait a little while at least.
I believe Mrs Stark did place some tracking devices in some of James' toys, but there activation has shown them all to be in his room. She had begun working on new ones to go into his pacifiers, but I am not aware if they were completed or not, however if they were, I know Mrs Stark would have made sure he had one, hypnotised or not.
Spiderman seemed to think we were actually broken up. He was trying to console me the whole time we were meant to be having the pre-debate meeting, it was kind of sweet. He made me cookies.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but I'm done. I thought I knew you... I thought I knew who I was in love with. I might have disagreed with your politics, but I still loved you. Only now this isn't politics any more, is it? This is right and wrong and you're on the wrong side. So now I don't know what to think.
Speaking of kids, that is the problem with having them on your team, their minds are too easy to change :P. This is why I got a load of old politicians on my side, they are all set in their ways, much harder to influence.
It'll be okay Steve. I won't let them put you away for life, even if I have to keep making appeals until you are free again.
I'm guessing you are in a relationship too, and that your boyfriend likes Peanut butter ice cream, so that is why you had that...
P.S According to Mary Jane, the press are camped outside my house right now anyway, so it is probably for the best we stay here a while.
I am 102% sure Harry’s dad told him to ask you. Be very, very, VERY careful. I’m not even joking. Don’t be alone with Harry. I can see this turning into some sort of nightmare hostage situation.
Well, Vision has to agree first, and he's dancing around saying no. He says he wants to continue his 'father's' work with the Avengers. Plus he is totally flirting with your friend the witch. So yeah, apparently he did not inherit his 'daddy's' resigned obedience. I sort of hate him right now.
Look, long gone of the days of enlisting people who don't want to fight, the government might push a little, but they aren't going to force anyone into the army.
Ms Stark, who was not due to give birth for another 19 weeks, has been unavailable for comment. The hospital refused to comment on individual cases, but wished to reassure the public that their facilities to care for premature infants are among the best in the world. Several successful heart and lung operations have been carried out on newborns at the hospital in the last five years.
I want to get down to the lab and fix whatever Sin did to my suit, but I can't bring myself to leave James just yet...I hoped that doesn't last too long or i'll never get any work done.
Besides, I can't help thinking that the vote was stacked in your favour by the negative press about me, and I'm wondering if that was deliberate. The question is who was behind it. It's entirely possible it was the Government, and if so how can I sign up to work for them because they bullied me into it? That's what I'm working on now, I want to know who it is that was bad mouthing me in the last few weeks. Did you find anything out about the mansion break in?
Just give this up. Withdraw from helping the government and Shield, revoke the rights to your tech, say you're neutral but you oppose the imprisonment of heroes. Please, for me. I don't want to lose you.
Thanks for the notebook pages, they’re pretty interesting. If you don’t mind, I’d like to see the rest of her notes sometime. There could be all sorts of things in there.
You've made some stupid decisions lately and it might be a while before I can make peace with them. But I love you and I hope you'll come see me soon. Maybe we can start to fix this.
'I'm flattered that at least some of the American people think I am worthy of a title that, in spite of recent trouble, has long symbolised everything good about this nation. However, I would like to remind people that Captain Rogers has yet to complete his trial and give a full account for his actions. He may be misguided, but I'm sure he is doing everything with the best intentions at heart. He would need to be proven very, very guilty before it would undo his years of service. I don't think anyone should be thinking about taking the shield from him.'
Okay, what bee got into your bonnet? Don't write me letters when you're PMS-ing. And no, I'm not about to start making Cybermen. I'm talking about tools, not human enhancement. Osbourne has the corner on that, in case you've forgotten.
Well I'd love to help you out if I can. It would be great have a professional level camera on my phone. It would mean I could leave my current camera at home, which would be great as it isn't exactly compact.
Look, I have to ask something and I'm sorry I have to, but try not to get mad. I know you're working for the government now to bring down 'rogue' superhumans. I know I'm probably top of your list. So I have to ask, have you told them we're in contact? Are you going to use these e-mails to try and find me? Sam said you can get my location from them. I'm hoping you won't. I miss you too much already, I don't want to hide away from you completely. Not when you're having my baby.
The answer, according to Skyers, is simple: 'In my years as a psychologist, I've seen this time and time again. This is a classic- if characteristically elaborate- cry for attention! This often occurs in what I like to call 'power couples', where one or both partners is in a high-status or demanding position that leaves little time for their spouse. By forcing the Captain out of her life in this way, by deliberately taking a contrary position over something that is important to him, Ms Stark is subconsciously demanding his attention- demanding, if you like, that he decide what he is more passionate about.'
Oh I told Mary Jane about the whole you being my Dad thing...I hope that is alright. After you showed up I thought it would just be better to tell her to truth. Plus she needed to know why I wouldn't be staying in my house for a while. I told her 'someone' was targeting me rather than Loki though.
Please let me come see you, we need to be working together on this, I don't care about anything else.
And speaking of police, the tensest moment of the evening came when an African-American student, Candice Adams (Student Union President, NYC University), decided to ask how Stark proposed to make sure any federally controlled Superheroes remained impartial in the wake of the recent allegations being made against the police force for supposed brutality and institutionalised racism. Cap saw his chance and took it, claiming the people's lack of trust in the police force was a sign that superheroes should remain independent and not be 'told who the bad guys are'. Stark, meanwhile, took the line that the current 'corruption' in the police was all the more reason something new and fresh needed to be brought in. Way to support our forces, guys.
I had really hoped that it would take them at least a little while to realise who I was, but no. The moment the Teacher said my name they knew, and I swear I've never seen so many people try to ask questions at once. It was almost a riot! Luckily the Teacher was able to regain control of the class and things settled down a bit...at least until I had to move between class rooms. I forgot how fast gossip spread around a school. By third period everyone knew Spiderman was the new kid.
So what if they know we were together? It wasn't like it influenced anything. James is your son, and if proving it will help get out of prison then i'll do as many paternity tests done as we need.
It was hard not to jump you when I saw you in uniform. You are one sexy man you know that? I don't think I'll be able to make it until the act passes. We should book into a hotel, like a secret forbidden meeting ;)
Just don't say...or imply anything bad about my Mom okay? It isn't like she is here to defend herself....
I'm not sure I would invite them in, but Aunt May might. Though knowing her she give them milk and cookies.
P.S. We’re okay. One of the enhanced gave us all creepy voodoo psyche-out visions, but we’re all still here. Except Thor, who has gone AWOL, but will be back. Probably. We’re rattled but okay. Mostly we’re rattled
I hope the coal is something, but it could just be a trap. Where would you even find that much coal these days?
But i've said all this before and it hasn't changed your mind. I don't think anything ever will, and i've had to make my peace with that. But maybe we can forget about politics for a little while? Atleast until we are back on track?
That said, we weren’t ever a couple. To be honest, I didn’t even know her that well. We had fun working together, and then after my folks died and she broke up with her fiancée we fell together one time. I never knew she got pregnant, it was barely anything. She left the company when she got back together with him. She seemed pretty happy about it though.
Oh wanna know something cool? I'm stronger than Cap :P or atleast I can lift more than he can. I guess the serum gave him enhanced strength rather than super strength, where as I'm pretty sure I have the relative strength of a Spider. I'm not sure though, I’ve not really tested how much I can lift or anything.... but yeah long story short I beat Cap in an arm wrestle :) He wants me to try against that Thor guy next.
P.S Captain America called me Penelope today, so maybe you aren't that great at lying :P I don't mind since he only seems to know my name, but don't let him talk to my Aunt okay?
Three, actually May can, which is why I just put her in a taxi. She deserves a vacation and I'm 17, which is way old enough to be left in the house on my own. You know I am capable of looking after myself, I can cook, I can clean, and Mary Jane's house is just down the road if anything happens. For the record I have been left on my own, though not for longer than a weekend. Still I didn't burn the house down then and I won't now :)
that you didn’t have long left. I didn’t actually lie, so really, the misunderstanding is his fault. Besides, you got a kick ass recording, Steve got to do a good deed, I got a good laugh, it was win/win/win, right?
If the crib has Wifi we can attach the Stark pad and let it watch Dora the Explorer when it is being fussy. But fine, I'll give it a once over and make sure it'll last, I'll probably add a few improvements to whatever we buy anyway.
Still, if there’s a silver lining in all this, it’s that I’ve finally persuaded Steve that Osbourne is bad news. I think I can get away with going to investigate that so-called liquor cabinet now. I’m just trying to figure out if I want to go in stealthily, pretend I want to meet him over selling us out to the papers and sneak away to take a look, or whether I want to go in full force as Iron Man and hope Cap backs me up when I say it was Avengers business. Any thoughts?
He did it again!! You’re coming to the tower. And you’re giving me your damn phone number so I can communicate with you faster than a note through the door.
Don't give them the satisfaction! You know as well as I do that they would only call it more 'evidence'. Look, we should either release an official statement or ignore it entirely. People will realise it's just nonsense to sell papers. Or... get people to look at a website. You know what I mean.
So, uh… sound-proofing aside, you probably heard the yelling earlier, and maybe heard your name. Just to be clear, Steve is happy for you to be here (he eventually admitted it was a good idea), but he was pissed that I hadn’t told him you were
Sue is a hero, and if you haven't noticed heroes have a tendency to not stay out of a fight even when it might compromise their personal safety. Plus her son is the same age as a lot of the kids who died, I imagine she can't help but worry about if he had been at that school...
Steve has me, so maybe you should stop going on about things you know nothing about. Anyway, as far as I know, mind reading is not among Wanda's creepy voodoo powers, so how would she even know what our worst fear was? Either she made a guess and decided what to show us, or tricked our brains into showing both of us what it thinks our worse fear is, in which case, it's very much up to interpretation. In other words, she doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.
There’s not really anything I need to ask. Anything you want to tell me? Ask me? You could tell me what you’re going to do with the 50k, if you like. You realise that’s not college money. I’ll send college money when you get to it, so you and your aunt knock yourselves out. Go on vacation or something. I like Paris in the spring time :P
Rogers is now being held in a maximum security prison in an undisclosed location. However, after substantial damage was caused to the Negative Zone prison by anti-registration rebels assisting their comrades to escape, it is believed Rogers' prison is an earthly one. Rogers was arrested on the basis of failing to register superhuman abilities, but is expected to face numerous charges when he comes to trial. These are likely to include inciting civil and political unrest, causing public disturbances, reckless endangerment of life, property damage, organising an illegal militia and, potentially, multiple assault charges from other superhumans.
Even so, it's nice being here like this. It's been way too long. I want to talk to you so badly, but I don't want to wake you- you look like you need it. So I settled on a letter instead.
Of course, that doesn’t exactly go with the Captain America brand and he’s not a fan of modern media invasion, so we’re keeping it private for now. That cool with you?
You were mostly just talking nonsense we couldn’t make out. You seemed to keep thinking I was your dad. As in, your dad-dad. Proper dad. Stepdad. Richard Parker. You must miss them.
He's a minor. You think people aren't going to try and stop him from doing it now? And you know, maybe they're right... I've been fielding phone calls about it all morning. The fact is now people know who he is, what's to stop some nutcase tracking him down at school- where he spends eight hours a day, five days a week- and gunning for him whilst surrounded by plenty of civilian hostages? I just don't know that you thought it through.
About Pepper, then. I can’t really go into details because it involves other people, but I cared about her a lot and I think she’s a fantastic person, it just wasn’t love of the romantic kind. Honestly, I knew that from the start but went with it anyway because I wanted to try being in a proper adult-style relationship, and that didn’t exactly fly when she worked it out. She’s a smart lady. Her forgiveness was pretty pricey and all on her terms, I’ll tell you that. It was basically extortion. So when you think about it, I’m the real victim here…
I can't get rid of the clone. It has been moved to a shield facility, it is locked down. It'll probably never be used again, but if we need it, it is there.
I’ll give you a heads up about Avengers’ missions when I get one. We usually have to move pretty fast. I don’t have much time to write right now either. Clint’s flying the jet and Steve and Nat are trying to coax Thor into letting them bandage the wrist he refuses to accept is sprained. Jocks, right? Meanwhile, I’m supposed to be finding the next target. Shouldn’t be too hard, Hydra is not particularly subtle.
Well, tell Spiderman I hope she reconsiders. If she has a problem, she can go to the police, or swing by Avengers tower. She’ll be much more able to help if she gets proper training first. Right now she just has Captain America chasing around trying to find her and make sure she’s safe and not getting killed. I know you like hearing stories about the domestic life of Steven Rogers, but until this is sorted there won’t be any more- the dude is like never home. He missed the last two movie nights, and I don’t think I can take much more of Clint singing ‘How Does She Know You Love Her?’ while we wait for him to catch up.
Also, I’ve upped the security on the tower (again) so the party can still go ahead on Saturday, whoo!
And I have plenty of female friends, thanks. Like Pepper, who is like, totes my bff even though I was kind of a dick to her when we were dating. And Nat, who is probably my friend? I think. She’s Steve’s friend, so we’re definitely in the same circle. Avengers4life. (Although not actually 4life, because I think that life would be pretty short. But Avengers4aslongasittakesforUltrontodamnwellwork doesn’t have quite the same Malibu feeling to it.)
I'm more worried about you getting lonely without me. I'm cooped up in a small apartment with my best friend, you're the one rattling around in an indecently sized mansion all on your own. We seriously need to downsize. How about this? If you win the Registration debate we keep the 15 bedrooms, but if I win we get a nice normal sized house that won't take approximately three days to vacuum? Come on, Stark, let's make this more interesting :P
P.S. Candice is in a committed relationship with a very polite young lady named Liz. They are adopting a cat together.
I think we should leave them too it. Now I've calmed down I don't feel like dignifying the idiot with a response.
I've installed more security in the old mansion, and started investigating who broke in. It'll be okay Steve, I'll find them and show them for what they really are.
As for the act, no, I can't just drop it and I can't just ignore it. I'm sorry, I know you want me to and I know it would be better for you and Jamie if I did. And you're right, I did say I would put you first. I did mean it, I will try, but (and I know you'll call me corny) when I got home and you gave James to me and he was holding onto my shirt like that, I just wanted to be the best man I could be. Even the worst people put their families first. Even Sin was doing that, trying to avenge her poor daddy and all. Once you start putting your family above everyone else, what's next? People from your street, from your country, from your race? If everyone only looks after their own at the expense of everyone else, pretty soon you end up with Nazis or Daesh or I don't know, the KKK.
If you don't want me to come check out the house, then I won't. Mainly because I'm pretty sure you'll just sneak out without telling me or just go when I'm at school if I keep pushing. Just make sure you leave some ham out in the garden. A stray cat has been hanging around lately and I want to make sure he doesn't go hungry.
You only got one piano teacher to quit? Pfft. I got through seven before mother finally gave in. It was the same with nannies, hence boarding school.
My haircut is fine, leave it alone. Anyway, by the time I come back home it will have grown out again. As for 'Freedom123', remind me again, who exactly set that up for me?
I remember your mom now I see her, though she wasn’t Parker back then. She was a little older than me, very smart, and brushed her teeth like five times a day, even at work. Also, she named every piece of equipment in the lab. It was cute.
Okay, now I really want to know what Osbourne’s stashed in that cabinet. Think we can persuade Cap the Avengers need to check it out? Or, specifically, that I do? I really want to catch him doing something illegal and rub his damn face in it.
Mary Jane's Mother is Aunt May's best friend, they live down the street from us. I've known her for years, and she never really care about High School politics. She is also super nice, and not the type to ditch someone just because they drag her popularity down.
Really? An internship would be amazing! Though I'd feel a little bad getting one just because I'm your kid, maybe I could just apply or something? I'd guess you wouldn't want people knowing who I was anyway.
Seriously though, what is it with these jock types and arm wrestling? It’s obviously not just an earth thing. Is it just an excuse for people to show off or what?
JARVIS: Ms Stark? Apologies for disturbing you, but someone has attempted to use the Captain's security override to enter the mansion
As to having kids... I guess I want to. It seems weird that we're finally talking about this when I'm miles and miles away from you. But I do think you'd be a good Mom. You're protective enough of me, I dread to think what you'd be like with a child. Plus you'd be able to teach it loads of stuff. And you wouldn't need that many robot nannies, you'd have me.
Oh I'm super mega grounded after lying about the whole Loki things. Buut I can also climb down walls, and she is moving me to Florida, so how much worse can things get if I sneak out to say goodbye?
Also, apologies for the disruption to updates last week. This week updates will return to the usual Tuesday-Thursday-Saturday!
Harry asked me if I wanted to go to Prom with him, which is pretty unusual. I'm 90% sure his Dad told him to ask, so I turned him down. Honestly he seemed relieved, probably because I know he already had a date lined up and probably didn't want to tell the poor girl he'd 'changed his mind'.
I'm sorry about Aunt May, I told you it wasn't her fault but she doesn't want to listen. She is just scared, she'll calm down in a while.
But...I think maybe the mask guy might have worked out who I am too. I mean I kicked him really hard, what other explanation could there be for that? I don't know...maybe he'll just think i'm a mutant or something.
I don't think they're going to arrest me. I'm not sure they could if they tried, but you might have a point about them wanting to make an example out of me. The thing is, I have to risk it. You know if I give in and register under the act as it is, it'll totally undermine any calls for reform.
Now, now, I know you're upset not to have a baby but that's no reason to lash out at the doctor. We both know you're just seeking attention and that the 'doctor' definitely isn't. (On a totally unrelated note, if I roll my eyes any harder I think they're going to fall out.)
So, just to recap: I tell you not to trust Loki. You do. He ends up camping out in your house for purpose or purposes unknown. I tell you not to trust Prince of the Dicks because if he finds out about us it’ll end up all over the papers, you do, and it ends up all over the papers. Just be grateful he didn’t find out you were Spiderman, and maybe think about, you know, listening occasionally. I’ve been in this game a lot longer than you.
Osbourne senior is safely locked up, don't worry, but for all we know he was training up his son as a nutty protégé. Just look out, okay? And tell your friend to be on the watch for suspicious characters. Poor girl is probably having a hard enough time being the new girl without being overshadowed by you.
Maybe we should give him something like the Ironman badge you gave me (Which I totally forgot to take to Harry's...sorry). If bad guys are going to go after him, he should have a way to call for help.
Osbourne and I have been fighting for years, kid. In fact he’s probably only making this stuff because he wants to rival the Iron Man suit. He’s always copied me, but ten steps behind. So don’t worry, I can more than handle him.
The plan is to stay out of prison, but it's not to stop doing what's right. If we can't just go to Shield and get the clone, then we'll find another way. What if we told the papers about it? Most people would have ethical concerns, right? And we've seen first hand the damage these articles can do, maybe it's time we turned it to our advantage.
Anyway, long story short, I told him he was an asshole, put on the suit to 'show him', dangled him out of a window for a while, and then left him with Steve to lecture him on respecting people and the irresponsibility of intimidating and bullying people just because you can. They have now been in there 20 minutes and all I can hear is the little tick saying 'Yes sir, No sir'. I think we can say he's suitably ashamed. It's sort of awesome. Also, hilarious.
I tend to write my letters in my room so he must have been in there...which is really creepy. Also I think he ate my peanut butter cups! He better be planning to replace them if we meet again >:(
The point is, sorry, but I’m not really interested in a relationship. Trust me, you’re better off out. I’ll stand by you financially or help you out with jobs or placements or whatever, but don’t expect me to be involved. I don’t know how to be that guy.
[throat clearing] Hello, this is Steve Rogers, Tony has asked me to record a special message for Penelope Parker- [papers rustling]
Why are you still even talking to that jerk he sold you out to his dad! And stay away from Flash too.
#confesscap is once again trending across the social media sphere, but this time the cry is even louder. After decades of being the war-time darling of the people, it seems America has finally given up on Steve Rogers.
Kids like him are coming out of the woodwork all the time nowadays. There needs to be proper training and rules in place for them, so they can have long lives outside of being a hero.
She Hulk said it best- there is no avoiding it. This chase is a waste of taxpayer time and money, and will only make the end result worse for the errant Captain if he persists in evading capture. That's why we to are joining the cry, urging #confesscap. You owe those you pretend to represent nothing less.
You really know how to pick them, don't you? I tried telling you a hundred times what Loki is like, and you didn't believe me. Worse, you still don't, even with all the evidence in front of you.
Well-known heroes have taken to voicing their opinions on Twitter, with Sam Wilson, aka 'The Falcon', saying 'Sooner or later people will realise they've made a mistake'. He was later asked to (continued page 3)
0800 1111 is an accurate number for Childline, a UK charity able to provide help and counselling to anyone aged 19 and under 24 hours a day. They'll help with any issue, and not only is it a free number- it won't be shown on any bills if dialled from a landline. Please reach out to them if you need help or just to talk and stay safe, guys! :)
I text Sam to ask him to book us in with the marriage counsellor. I wonder if we'll be the first case where neither of the people really think seeing a counsellor is a good idea? But we have to do something. I guess even if we go to one session and it does no good and we hate it, at least we'll both have taken steps to try and put things right. I mean, let's be honest, we haven't done great trying to fix this ourselves. Even since we got James back and you got me out, all we've really done is fight. I mean, I'm sitting in here and you're sitting in there and we're e-mailing each other because we can't trust ourselves to talk without yelling. Maybe we do need help from someone.
You'll be wondering what I want. I'm sure you'd do anything to have your precious baby boy back. But there is
I'm not PMS-ing! I'm just sick of having the same argument over and over again! Loki is my friend, deal with it.
They're high schoolers. Public high schoolers at that. If there's one thing we can guess pretty safely, it's that they will totally care you are Spiderman. Sorry to burst your bubble.
Don't get me wrong though, if you start blowing up Government buildings or something then I'm gonna have to come get you. So be a good boy :P
He seems to find me most night nowadays. It is nice. He buys hot dogs, which is great because I'm always starving by the end of the night, and then we talk for a while.  He doesn't tell me to stop being Spiderman any more, I guess cause he realises it isn't going to happen. He tends to just asks me how things are and checks I haven't got into any real trouble.
It has to be me because of what I've done so far. I can't just abandon them now after everything. If I give up, everyone else will too. I can't let that happen.
You remember you are on house arrest right? And even if you weren't do you really think Shield are going to give up the clone without a fight? I thought the plan was to stay out of prison from now on?
We have to have some consequences to not registering, and it isn't like we don't let them out once they go to trial.
But I also need you to stay home on this one. Sam and Peter are going to go with me to the mines. I hate to say it, but a glass of water doesn't sound like enough, sweetheart. Sin could well still be influencing you and you might not know anything about it. This whole thing could be a trap, and if we do find anything out I don't want to Sin to know about it. I know you've been analysing the note, but look at the writing. Really look at it; I could tell even from the picture you sent. You wrote that note, Natasha, probably on the day you were made to give them James.
Instead I’m going to say that we’ll help. I already pulled up the police reports and I think we can track this guy down from the forensic evidence at the scene. I know you’re mad at me, but maybe you can stop being stupid and we can do this together. You just need to think about what you’re going to do once we have him.
'You can't pick and choose which laws you follow'. Funny. Because I kind of thought the right to a fair trial was a law too.
I'm guessing she was the one who told you I was going to see Harry? Sorry I left out the Asgard part, but I knew she wouldn't let me go if she knew Loki was coming along...
Not going to lie, slightly offended you compared one of my parties to a high school prom. This will be better because a) there will be alcohol and b) Loki and Prince Dick won’t be there. Look, just invite a couple of friends if it’ll make you feel better; the above excluded.
Even so, though, I don't know what to do next. I know the decision was made democratically, but it's wrong. I don't know why people can't see that. This is wrong, and it's not only wrong, it's going to endanger lives. I don't like the idea of anyone telling anyone else what they should or shouldn't want, and I know people want this, but honestly I'm pretty terrified right now.
Not so common, however, is the emergence of new super-human vigilantes. This is assumed to be a direct result of the SHRA, suggesting that perhaps super-humans newly discovering their powers are either registering immediately or simply avoiding public demonstration of the fact in order to keep out of trouble. There is one clear exception, however, and that is the hero known as 'Nomad'.
Gwen isn't romanticising Flash. She doesn't think we should go out, she just thinks we should clear the air and then maybe he'd stop picking on me and we could start to be friends. I told her I don't want to talk to him and I don't want to be his friend, but she just thinks i'm being stubborn.
Okay, so, you're pounding on the door and telling me to hurry, so I guess you sent yours a while ago. You were always more direct than me, and quicker at typing. But I want to end how I started- I love you, Natasha, I always will, and I hope that's enough.
The only reason the names of those we caught got released is because they originally had to hand over their gear/masks when they enter the prison and well...it turned out a couple of our guards were selling on names to the papers...but I've put a stop to that! Heroes can keep their masks on now as long as there isn't any tech in them.
There is something I need to ask, and I hope you don't take it the wrong way. Do I have any siblings anywhere? Because those letters your Lawyers sent seems to be kind of a template...it seemed like this wasn't the first time this has happened to you.
I'm not sure Spiderman would listen to me, I mean I just take his picture, it isn't like we are friends or anything.
The question on everyone's lips therefore can only be 'How did he get away with it for so long?', and the answer, as always, must be 'How do you think?'. Because he was designed to be a national hero. Because he was propaganda, and the Allies could not afford to show any stain. Because of the misogynist beliefs of the 1940s that meant a man's reputation was more important than the safety of the women he came into contact with, that meant late Industrialist Howard Stark would have felt obliged to buy and squash the photographs before they were ever made public. After all, he was instrumental in the Super Soldier program, designing and building the machines that would emit the necessary gamma radiation to activate Erskine's formula; the same formula that, at an earlier stage, unleashed the Nazi Horror of the Red Skull.
Plus he was super excited about getting to stay in the Mansion. You'd think being a hero himself he'd be less excited about these things, but no, apparently not.
I'm sorry I ran away from you, when we ran into each other the other day...it is gonna sounds stupid...but I don't really want the first time we meet in person to be when I'm dressed up like Spiderman...
As for the bet, you have a deal. I warn you though, I'm going to be turning on all the USO-buy-some-war-bonds-cause-we're-broke-tour charm, not to mention the hi-I'm-a-national-treasure-apparently stuff in the debate tomorrow. I think by the end of it even you'll be on my side. :P
Tell May not to worry. I’m not going to do anything. Spiderman might though. If he’s not your friend, you really do need to tread carefully.
I want to meet you, so bad. But I really need to work on what I'm going to say to the press. I don't care if it's a man or a woman, if someone is endangering lives I'm taking them out. I didn't kill her, she went to trial. It should be on record.
I'm sure Spiderman knows what she is doing, and has managed not to get hurt so far. She is only taking down small time crooks after all, no one who could do any real damage to someone with the proportionate strength of a spider. Anyway she probably has responsibilities here that mean she can't just swan off to some fancy school half way across the country. She'll be fine.
What I know about Spiderman is just stuff I've picked up while taking photos. You know what they say about a picture being worth a thousand words.
I've tried looking for records of the trial, but I can't find them anywhere. I'm guessing your Dad suppressed them too, and that that's probably what else was taken from your Dad's house. It looks like I can't prove anything, I'll just have to ride it out.
Nomad was first spotted two months ago, entering a burning building after the firefighters had been forced to withdraw in order to rescue a mother and two young children. According to the mother, Julia Fernandaz, 34, the ceiling above them collapsed but was held up by Nomad long enough for them to crawl to safety. Fernandaz described Nomad as at that time hiding his face with a scarf and winter hat, suggesting the covering was very likely improvised and the rescue done on a whim.
Maybe it's the best place for you. They need to get rid of whatever Osbourne did to you. You'll be okay, okay? I promise. We'll work this out.
The clone is mostly artificial. It is more of a cyborg than an actually clone, something that Pym built while I was away. I've told him to shut it down, atleast for now.
Don't worry, I haven't told him anything about me being your kid. I think he knows there is something up, besides from me just being your intern, but he hasn't asked too many questions yet.
So you aren't dating Pepper now? Thats a shame, she seems nice and she is very pretty. What did you do to upset her while you were dating?
. Look, you made me use caps, that’s how much I mean it. You realise that kind of experiment doesn’t at all go with Osbourne’s usual lines of work, right? It sounds super shady, and if he finds out it gave you spider powers he’ll either try to use you or take you out. He’s on track to being a super villain, and if he has power-giving spiders at his disposal it’s even more worrying.
But if you don't want to see me, then maybe we could just keep writing for a while? I do have some questions afterall...Like do you remember my mother at all?
James is fine. His rib has healed, so he is healthy and happy, and sleeping in the day instead of at night like he is supposed to, so i'm rather tried... I've also run those test we talked about. You were right, he definitely takes after his father.
I, on the other hand, am very jealous of your skirt and intend to get up close and personal with your legs myself as soon as I get to the hotel tomorrow. Then I'm going to move on to the rest of you, and not just using my eyes.
I love you. I want to start there. I do, I love you so much. Being here with you and James feels like all I ever wanted. I want us to work this out. I want us to find a way to work again.
P.S I hope the Ironman sticker will do as a mark. Childish I know, but I thought you'd appreciate it.
You know, it's not too late for that. It would be easier to lie low there if Harry does rat you out, and you obviously aren't happy about the move. What's wrong? Does the school in Florida sound bad? It doesn't have to be Xavier's if you really don't want to. I can pretty much send you wherever you want to be.
Look, here's the thing people forget about Steve. He didn't want to fight a war, he was fighting for the same reason he does now, to protect and help people. He really believed that he was fighting the war to end all wars, that once it was done humanity would move on. He woke up and found nothing had changed. I don't think he buys it any more. I don't think, deep down, he believes peace is even possible, and I think he hates that he doesn't.
Why are you always asleep when I want to tell you stuff? Come on, aren’t teenagers supposed to be nocturnal? Get it together.
. For such a smart kid, you really are being super dumb. Thor always falls for his tricks, you have no excuse.
So I am here and e-mailing as promised. (Why can't I call? You really think they're going to know if I call you?) Sam got his guest room all set up for me. By which I mean he had left a pile of sheets and a hard copy of this article:
If you register you'll be showing you are willing to work with the Government! Rebelling like this is just gonna get their back up and make them not want to listen to you!
Maybe I would feel differently if our child had been at the school. I don't think that's something you can really comment on without experiencing it yourself. But I like to think that I would always stand up for freedom and that I'll teach my children to do the same. We need to learn from mistakes, not act out of fear.
Anyway, I’m gonna get a few hours sleep and then we’re having a photo shoot, so, you know, find something nice to wear. And maybe don’t watch the news. But seriously, we need to get a better picture of you out there than your year book photo. Uggh.
Well you know I'm friends with Harry Osbourne, but then there is Mary Jane, she is really pretty and wants to go into modelling after high school. She is really nice too, everyone likes her so she tends to flit between groups from time to time. She always eats lunch with us though.
So the good news is Shield has Osbourne nice and locked away. The bad news is, King of the Dicks is still alive. Hopefully not for much longer. Wanda and Pietro seem to be doing okay in the Tower (as far as I can tell when they won't come near me. Sorta rude) and Vision seems to be flirting with the witch. I did not programme Jarvis for this and it's freaking me out. The sooner we get the real J back up and running, the better.
I'm glad you're on my side, but we can deal with stupid stories in the press later. Let's just make sure we remind people to vote on the issue and not on the people standing for them.
'I was just starting to get my confidence back after he turned himself in,' one twitter-user wrote, 'But I guess he really doesn't stand for justice at all #confesscap'
I'm sorry you and your dad had such a bad relationship, was it any better with your Mother? I noticed her in a few of the pictures, she was very pretty.
The bill has not been without controversy, with fierce campaigning taking place on both sides, but the referendum opened to the American people has come back with a clear answer. 67% of the American public voted for the act to be passed. This means that superhumans, whether 'heroes' or 'villains' will no longer be able to hide behind a mask to avoid paying their due to society. They will no longer be able to hide behind anonymity or decide for themselves what justice means. The American people are once again demonstrating that no-one is above the law.
You remember Pietro has super speed right? Kinda hard for me to stop him, especially when he takes it to 'deliver' for me.
What have you done? I don't care that I'll see you before you get this, what have you done? I wasn't even up for bail. Did you bribe someone? Do you have any idea of how corrupt that is?
P.S. It is a totally valid reason. He’s been acting all pissy with me when I haven’t even done anything wrong!
P.S You know I never went through having parents divorce, but I imagine it would be a bit like this :P
Anyway, do you mind if we wait until after the vote to go public with it? I don't want it to look like a publicity stunt, or risk taking away any more from the main issue. I swear the papers these days are more interested in making up lies about the state of our marriage than talking about the issue itself.
Captain America has the reputation of being a thoroughly modern man; one who was reportedly so glad that when he woke up and realised the US was no longer segregated his wife claims he 'cried'. Unfortunately, it seems that his view on women is not as up to date as his view on race relations.
I'd put in a good word for you with Gwen's Dad, but he hasn't really liked me since I tried to put in a good word for Spiderman. He really doesn't like vigilantes. He says that police officers act within the law for a reason, and that there is no accountability with Superheroes. I guess he is right, but it isn't like I'm hiding my identity to get away with stuff, I'm doing it so no one goes after the people I care about.
Well it isn't exactly ethical, but technically it is my job to encourage registration, not hunt down those who won't sign up. If anyone finds out I'll just say that I was avoiding the bad PR that would come with arresting my own husband. People are meant to trust me, not think I'm a heartless bitch after all.
