"Actually" Dean said, grabbing his phone "I think it's time for the cookies to come out of the oven. Why don't you take the expert out in the kitchen and see what he thinks."
"Yea, we thought it'd be cool for us to watch a movie together and be able to discuss it immediately rather than waiting." Jimmy chimed in "Whatcha think?"
********************************************************************************************************************
Castiel smirked "Well, it was" he paused leaning in flicking his tongue across then pulling Dean's bottom lip between his teeth teasingly. "From a girl at least." his smile widened.
Castiel watched Darla as well, and smiled as he saw her face light up at the two books that he had gotten for her.
When he turned around he saw Cas was still sitting on the loveseat. "Cas, c'mon man, you gotta come over here. Sit on the bed with me." Dean sat up on the bed with his legs crossed, and Cas soon joined him, mimicking how he was sitting. Dean was still trying to decide on a song to start with, frustrated, not able to decide on which one to start with, he decided to just put it on shuffle, let fate or whatever decide, they were all good.
Dean stopped what he was doing and looked over at him. "Tell you what. You go get in the shower, I saw a Walmart just up the street, I'll go get you some cloths and be back by the time you get done."
Dean got up and began helping Castiel pick up the snacks. Once they finished he headed toward the door, Castiel in front of him, Jimmy behind. He paused a moment at the living room doorway, he was going to take another quick look around when he felt a hand reach into his short hair and pull his head back. Jimmy's lips were on his before he even knew what was happening, kissing him deeply and passionately. He had heard of people becoming weak in the knees from a good kiss, but until now, it had never happened to him.
"I wouldn't want to intrude on your morning with Darla. This is special family time. " Castiel started to back away.
Dean sighed, pushing the thoughts and emotions to the side, it was ok that they were there, but there was no way he was going to push this thing with Cas. This was one thing that Cas was going to have to take the lead on, if he chose to. Cas was in an impressionable state, and while Dean didnt mind stearing him toward liking the same kind of food he liked, or even the same kind of movies and music... Dean paused at that thought, realizing that he hadnt shared music with Cas yet.
Dean quickly ripped open the foil packet and rolled the condom on, walking back over to Castiel and taking his dick in his own hands stroking it at a slow and steady pace. "You ready for me darlin?"
“Hello, Dean” He heard the angel’s voice behind him. He sighed, something must be up if Cas popped him here without Sam. Dean braced himself for what was coming.
Castiel threw himself back on the bed, no longer having control of his body. Dean popped Castiel's dick out of his mouth, an gripped it with his hand, working it just as fast as his mouth had. with his other hand he pushed up on Castiel's thigh, exposing the tight ring of muscle that was there. Castiel didn't even have time to think about what was going to happen next as Dean worked his tongue over his sensitive hole. Pushing at the tight ring until he gained entrance, and Castiel once again let out a cry of pleasure that filled the room. He could feel himself getting dangerously close, and he didnt want to come yet.
Cas smiled softly against Dean's lips as he kissed him again. "That really wouldnt be conducive to our job, now would it Dean?" Cas broke the kiss, moving to Dean's neck. "But I promise, whenever we are like this, I will never have cloths on." He licked his way up Dean's neck and grazed his teeth over his ear lobe. "But I will have to insist you do the same." He said before biting a little harder, eliciting a loud moan from Dean's lips.
"Damn" Dean said pulling his mouth away. "I can't believe I've been imagining that wrong all these years." Castiel's eyes widened. "That was..." Dean leaned in and took Castiel's bottom lip between his teeth, biting gently before sucking it into his mouth and then sweeping his tongue back out to sooth over it. "Amazing, Mr.Novak. I have imagined that kiss almost every day for the last 6 years. And your lips taste more incredible than I could have ever dreamed." Dean smiled at him and rotated his hips into Castiel. "And you know what Mr Novak?" Dean smoothed his hands down Castiel's body,slipping one hand down the back of his pants and into the crack of his ass, squeezing tight and pulling him harder into him with a low growl. "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
Dean's eyes fly open, and everything is blue. He swallows thickly as he stares into Castiel's eyes, mere inches away from him.
Dean hooked his finger under his chin, tilting it back up, meeting his eyes."I'm not judging you Cas. I would like to know what the deal is though, seeing as I find myself in the middle of it now."
Cas slides a hand between Dean's legs wrapping his fingers around his cock, slowly stroking the soft flesh back to attention. Dean's wrist pull against his binds, wanting to flip around and take control. "Too slow Cas... mmmm ... please" Dean begs hitching his hips into Cas' hand before pressing his ass back into his mouth, eager for more.
Dean laughs "Ladies don't show up to work on Monday morning with a hickey on their neck" He says, noticing the faint bruise that Charlie had tried to cover with makeup.
"I knew it!" Charlie exclaims a little too loud, she was on her third drink in the last hour, and she wasn't exactly a heavy weight, especially when it came to tequila.
Pleasure ripped through his body as Dean slowly began thrusting into him. Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean's hips tightly, trying to pull him impossibly closer. "Fuck Dean, God your dick feels amazing. Fuck me, fuck me hard, please Dean, fuck me with your huge cock." Castiel breathed as Dean began fucking into him. He wrapped his arms around Dean, grabbing his ass, digging his fingers in, still trying to pull him in even closer. Dean shifted slightly and thrust hard, hitting his prostate, a scream ripped from Castiel's lips and filled the room "Fuck yea! Do that a... Aah.. Ahhhh!" Castiel screamed again as Dean continued to hit his prostate. "Dean, Oh dean" he began to chant as Dean fucked him into the counter, his legs and arms still wrapped round him, as though he was afraid Dean was going to float away.
Dean sighed, standing up from the chair, turning so he could lean back against the table. He crossed his arms and looked back at Cas, a nervous smile playing at his lips. "Listen Cas, I don't know what all you heard, and I don't even really know how to explain what you did hear..."
When the movie finished Dean sent Darla to her room to get dressed and get her things around to go to her mother's. The moment he heard the door close Dean pulled Castiel in for a kiss. "I just can't get enough of these damn lips Cas."
"More than I have ever been about anything." Cas says smiling, turning them around walking back to the bed. He pushes Dean down onto the bed before joining him.
"Hey Cas." He walked up next to him and put his bowl into the dish water. "You know you don't always have to do the dishes Cas."
Dean lets out a low groan, "I want you to fuck me Cas." he casts his eyes to the bed briefly before looking back up. "But you're going to have to go slow at first. I've never done this before."
"Fuck!" Dean growled. Taking a quick moment to take off his own pants that were still gathered around his ankles. Watching with envy as Castiel fucked himself back on his own fingers. Dean didn't take his eyes off Cas fingers as they pumped in and out of his greedy ass, he simply stepped forward and added one of his own delighting in the sounds that came from Castiel as he hooked his finger finding that magical button on his first try. Castiel's hips bucked up into him as his own fingers pulled out and gripped his leg, spreading them wider to allow Dean full access. Dean quickly added another finger, hooking them with every thrust, grazing over Castiel's prostate.
"Well Dean, can I call you Dean?" he asks continuing once Dean nods "Normally, Dean. We would suspend a student for doing what Sam did..." he pauses checking Dean out once more "However, I would be willing to consider giving Sam lunch detention for two weeks, if you are willing to do something for me?"
Castiel knelt down to look at the doll. "She is beautiful Darla." His hand wiped the hair out of her face, "But I know a certain little girl who's even more beautiful" he winked at her.
I am writing to you to let you know that I am coming home to Lawrence to visit some friends, and I was wondering if maybe I could stop by and see you as well. I know it's kind of short notice, and will not be able to wait for a response. So I have an idea, if you are ok with my stopping by for a visit, you could bake me a pie. You know my favorite (or at least I hope you remember), that way when I do stop by, if I can smell the pie baking I'll know it's ok to knock.
Dean's eyes followed Sam until he was out of sight. Then he had no choice but to look back at Cas who stood frozen in the same place, his head cocked to once side, eyes intently looking at Dean.
Dean returned the smile "There's a t-shirt and some sweatpants laying on my bed if you wanted to change."
Cas grabs the headboard as Dean fucks him from behind, he loved the way Dean felt inside of him, his hard cock stretching his ass wide open. "Ungh.... Dean... so fucking gooooood" he moans, his head rolling forward, feeling another orgasm coming on faster than he would have even dreamed possible.
Cas raised his hand to Dean's face. How he managed to be so calm at this moment he had no idea, he wanted more than anything to be fucking Dean, wanted to give him what he was asking for. But he knew that Dean would be hurt physically if he just thrust inside of him right now. There were certain preparations that must be made, and he had a feeling he was going to be forceful with Dean, to make sure he didnt get hurt, he wanted him to enjoy every moment of this.
"This" Cas says motioning to his body "Is for both of us" he leans in kissing Dean. "But this... this is for you" he hands Dean the box.
Castiel had moved in next door to the Winchesters about 6 months ago fresh out of college and living on his own for the first time. John and Mary had been wonderful neighbors, helping them with anything that he had needed, and their sons Dean and Sam helped as much as they could as well. It was as a sign of appreciation that Castiel baked his first pie for them. A classic apple pie, still warm when he brought it over with the tub of vanilla ice cream. Everyone seemed to thoroughly enjoy it, but it was Dean who went back for seconds and even thirds Mary informed Castiel the next day when she returned the pie plate.
I played my story over and over in my head, I was going to fade out my obsession, at least as far as my sister would know, until he was no longer even a topic of conversation. I had thrown on a pair of jeans, a tshirt and an over sized hoodie as I made my way to our favorite diner for lunch.
"Yes Dean,  do you understand now? You cannot hide from me. I'm in you, I can feel the blood run through your veins. I know that when I kiss you here," He touches Dean's ear lobe softly with his lips "That you feel it here." His hand slides down and touches the soft skin just above the waist band of Dean's sweatpants.
It was Christmas Eve and Castiel was making his last minute rounds to friends' houses distributing gifts and cookies before heading back to his own empty apartment. His family, not being Christian, didn't celebrate Christmas, instead celebrating the Winter solstice. The family had gathered the weekend before and he'd had an amazing evening full of laughter and love with all of his brothers and sisters and the sea of nieces and nephews.
"You are perfect, Oh God Dean-- talk dirty to me." Cas moans, his hips straining against Dean's hands.
As much as Cas desperately wanted Dean, needed Dean. He didnt want to force Dean to do anything he wasnt ready for. "Dean, it's ok. I'm not expecting anything from you. I would still like for you to stay with me, but it doesn't have to anything more than that."
"Hey Cas, Thanks for coming by" He smiled, and Castiel felt his heart start beating a little faster.
Cas opened his eyes and looked at him. Dean smiled as he lowered his head, his tongue running down the underside of Cas' now spit slicked cock. The way Cas tasted was intoxicating, and Dean lost himself slowly licking the base of his cock, his tongue flat, savoring it, popping one of his testicles in his mouth and Cas' breath hitched again. Dean moved his attention back to the angel's hard length, running his swollen lips back up to the tip and taking him into his mouth again. Teasing the head, swirling his tongue around, running it over the slit, tasting the salty precum that was leaking out.
"Cas..." Dean moans against his mouth, pulling his hips into him harder, bucking his own hips to meet Cas'.
Castiel opened the oven and pulled out the apple pie with his mitted hands. He heard the knock at the door he had been waiting for. Just like always, little Dean Winchester was just in time for his pie.
Dean chuckled as he backed out of Castiel's way, allowing him to get back to the task at hand. "Cas, technically this is my kitchen."
"Yea Cas?" he says after a moment. He still trying to grasp what just happened. Cas had finally kissed him, really kissed him. It was taking all of his energy not to flip Cas over and take him.
Castiel placed a hand on his shoulder caringly. "Yea, come on in Dean. It just came out of the oven." They walked to the kitchen and Dean climbed up on the stool waiting for his first slice.
"Are you alright ? " I ask tentatively, and am answered with another faint groan. Taking out my cell phone to use as a flash light, I see him laying on the ground, obviously injured, blood painting his lips, right eye painfully swollen. "Come on, lets get you to a hospital" I say grabbing his left shoulder to pull him to his feet.
He looked up at Cas who was sitting toward the foot of the bed and smiled. "Cas, you're going to have to scoot up here, I only have ear buds, so we're gonna have to share, you need to be closer."
"Ok, let's just both agree that the other thinks we are each amazing? How does that sound?" Dean reasoned
Dean couldn't hold back the chuckle, as he softly kissed the angel again. "Yea Cas, that was a type of sex. Any kind of activity between two people that leads to this kind of feeling, that's sex."
"Dean?" Cas manages to ask. Dean looks at him, confusion followed by a looks of horror and humiliation crosses his face as he hops off the bed and moves across the room. "Cas, I.... I'm sorry man, I thought it was another dream. God, this is embrarrassing" Dean says, covering his face, his entire body flushing red.
Dean smiles wickedly, pressing hard into him again, "Sure thing Cas." He plants another hard kiss on Castiel's lips. "So where is this bedroom you mentioned?"
"So how was Saturday night? You never called me" Dean says as he video chats with Charlie on Monday afternoon.
His mouth still working softly over his balls and at the base of his cock, Cas slowly rubs his finger through the lube and gently presses into Dean, sinking in up to his knuckle before Dean jerked his hips up, forcing it all the way in. Dean moans, and Cas can tell, he wont need too much preparation, he was right, he's ready for this. Cas moves his finger out and in a few times before inserting a second finger. Dean's breath hitches this time before a moan escapes his lips as his hips rotate, first away and then into Cas' hand again.
"Ok Darla, go get your jacket, and let the dog out before we go." Dean said kissing his daughter on the head.
"Wait, that was real?" Dean asks, vaguely remembering Cas talking to him. He remembered having too much to drink and that Charlie hadn't shown up so he was going to call for a ride home. He remembered nearly falling down and leaning up against the wall. Then there was that feeling of not being alone, he could smell cologne that had a sweet, honey undertone to it. And then he remembered hearing Cas' voice, looking into his eyes as he moved closer...but that was it, why couldn't he remember what happened next.
Dean nuzzled into Cas' neck, laying small kisses over the marks he had left. Cas' hand was on Dean's head, his fingers scrunching softly in his hair, sending small tingles through him. Their breaths steadying as they lay together.
Well I have taken it upon myself to theorize... Keeping with my theme of using music lyrics... Here it is...
"Dean, what you told Sam... that you need me, you know that you have me right? That even if Sam were in love with me, which is completely absurd, that you would still have me... I'm always here for you." He took another step, stopping just inches in front of Dean. "Always Dean, I'm yours."
"I think we should move this to the bedroom." Dean hummed in approval as he nipped at his jawbone."And Dean..." Castiel turned his head looking at him. " I really think you should call me by my first name. Mr. Novak makes me feel old. " Castiel licks Dean's lips. "And if this is going where I most certainly hope it's going. The last thing I want to feel is old."
Dean stood, frozen in place by what had just happened. He was trying to wrap his mind around it when he heard Cas faintly singing as he walked out he door. He only made out the last 4 words "by takin' our time"
Cas opens his door pulling Dean in behind him. Dean slams him against the door as he closes it, smashing their mouths together. Cas pushes him further into the apartment, hands trailing down his body, holding his hips throwing him against the wall in the hallway. "Now now tiger, I'm in control of this ride." His nimble fingers pop open the button of Deans jeans and he slides his hand in over his hard cock. Dean hisses at the touch. "Thats a good boy, let me take care of you." Cas licks at his neck, sucking a red mark before moving down further to his collar bone. His hand slowly massaging Deans dick.
"You coming Cas? Or are you gonna make me wash myself?" Dean teased before walking to the bathroom, he could feel Cas' eyes on him, and knew there was no way the Angel wouldnt follow him.
"Yea Cas?" he says after a moment. He still trying to grasp what just happened. Cas had finally kissed him, really kissed him. It was taking all of his energy not to flip Cas over and take him.
"Go to dinner with me tomorrow night. There is this really great restaurant in Topeka." Mr. McLeod smiles.
Cas lets out a soft whimper at the loss of Dean's cock in his ass. He wraps his arms around Dean, afraid that at any second he's going to wake from this dream. But that doesn't happen, Dean kisses him softly as they both catch their breath. Cas smiles looking into his green eyes. "Dean?" Cas says
Cas moaned into his chest and hitched his hips at the sound of Dean's voice, it was only then that he realized Cas hadn't finished. "Oh jeez Cas." Dean gripped his hair pulling his head up and looked into Cas' heavily lidded eyes. "I'm sorry... come here" Dean shifted his body, flipping Cas onto his back as he ran his hand down his body, taking a firm grip on his dick and began pumping his hand over it. Cas threw his head back and let out a gasp as his hips hitched up into Dean's grip.
He looks at his reflection in the mirror. "you need to get over him" he says looking into his own green eyes. He splashes cold water on his face again and runs his fingers through his hair. It was time to call a ride, he couldn't be there anymore. He couldn't sit at the bar and watch Meg and Castiel together. Dean pulls his phone out and walks out of the bathroom to get an Uber. He bumps into the table that was by the bathrooms and while trying to regain his balance, finds himself in the corner. The room was spinning, he closed his eyes and leaned against the wall. "dammit Charlie" he says again.
Dean licks his lips and he notices Cas' eyes move down, following the movement. "Cas..." he says softly, not knowing what was happening in this moment.
"Dean" Castiel panted "too many clothes...  There's too many layers between us.  I...  I need to feel your skin on mine." Dean smiled that wicked smile, and Oh god,  Castiel never imagined that devious smile from all those years ago would be so damn sexy.  He swore he could come just by the way Dean's beautiful pouty lips twisted like that,  combined with the wild fire in his green eyes,  Castiel was lost. He knew that he belonged to Dean now.
"Look man..." Dean started before being pushed up against the wall. He was over come with panic thinking for a moment that this had been a mistake, clearly this guy was pissed and... but suddenly those beautiful perfect full lips were on his and all the panic he had felt fled as he melted into the kiss. When blue eyes pulled back Dean looked at him in wonderment and all he could manage was a breathy "wow"
Dean snaps his head and looks at Cas, "Are you telling me that you've been living in the back room of a gas station!?" Dean pulls to the side of the road when Cas doesn't answer right away. He throws the car in park and turns to face him. "Cas? Answer me... are you?"
Dean took a moment to really take in the sight of Cas laying on the bed, naked from the waist up. It was the first time he had ever seen this much of the angel's skin, and it was beautiful, perfectly tan, and stretched just right over the muscles and bones beneath. He found himself wondering about Cas' true form and how all of that power could be shoved down into this vessel, this perfect vessel that was made just for him. His mind flickered for a moment to Jimmy Novak and everything that he had sacrificed for Castiel, and his eyes flicked up to meet Cas'
Cas knows he's turning red, fearful of what he may have said as he was daydreaming about Dean, and those perfect lips on his... Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm fine, just going to go... Uh... Stretch my legs a little. This research is getting to me I guess" He stands up, thankful he still had his trench coat on, even more so that it's long enough to hide the very obvious bulge in his pants. He walks out of the library and down the hall, he may not need to sleep, but Sam and Dean had been insistent that he have his own room for when he was at the bunker with them, and right now, he was deeply grateful for that. He reaches his room, closing the door behind him and starts stripping his clothes off. He knows that if he just sits here and clears his mind that his erection will eventually go away. But the thoughts of Dean are too fresh in his mind, and he wants the release. He tosses his coat on the chair in the corner and kicks out of his shoes walking toward the bed loosening his tie. His shirt is half unbuttoned and he's reaching for his belt when he hears the door open behind him. He turns and his blue eyes meet Dean's green ones.
"I have my ways." Castiel winked at him, not realizing that Dean was being serious, but when he continued to look at him with question in his eyes, Castiel continued " I wen straight to the source." he paused "you silly. I asked you a few weeks ago. You told me what books she likes." he laughed.
Darla raced out to the kitchen and Cas followed, taking off his coat and hanging it on the back of the stool that sat next to the counter. Darla had already opened the oven door when he got there and he could see the cookies were indeed done.ordering on too done.
Cas knows he's turning red, fearful of what he may have said as he was daydreaming about Dean, and those perfect lips on his... Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm fine, just going to go... Uh... Stretch my legs a little. This research is getting to me I guess" He stands up, thankful he still had his trench coat on, even more so that it's long enough to hide the very obvious bulge in his pants. He walks out of the library and down the hall, he may not need to sleep, but Sam and Dean had been insistent that he have his own room for when he was at the bunker with them, and right now, he was deeply grateful for that. He reaches his room, closing the door behind him and starts stripping his clothes off. He knows that if he just sits here and clears his mind that his erection will eventually go away. But the thoughts of Dean are too fresh in his mind, and he wants the release. He tosses his coat on the chair in the corner and kicks out of his shoes walking toward the bed loosening his tie. His shirt is half unbuttoned and he's reaching for his belt when he hears the door open behind him. He turns and his blue eyes meet Dean's green ones.
There was a long moment before Dean realized he had stopped breathing. Hearing Cas say those words, even though he feared they were coming, was like a knife to his heart. He just wanted to keep ahold of his feelings, what harm could they do if they were just in his mind. But if there was some way that Cas knew, and it was effecting him. Then he'd have to give them up, he's have to let go and give in to the numbness inside.  Dean finally took a breath,and his hand went to his face in a quick movement, like he was wiping the emotions away.
"I want you to fuck me too Cas." Dean squeezed Cas' dick in his hand. " I want to know what this feels like inside me. Ungh.... Oh Cas, I cant wait.... I n... need.... I need you inside me!"
"Yes Dean, I'm ok with this." Castiel moved his hand from Dean's arm placing it tenderly on his cheek. Dean closed his eyes and nuzzled into the touch. "I just want you so bad, have wanted this for so long. I... Im just having a hard time believing it's real"
"Of course Cas." Dean pressed play again. This time as the music started Dean mimicked Cas, looking down toward where their knees were touching. He closed his eyes and let himself get carried into the song. It was one of his favorites, but really there weren't many Zeppelin songs that he hadnt at one point or another concidered his favorite.
Dean licked his lips, a smirk pulling the corner of his mouth "Yea? what else did you learn from the pizzaman Cas?" he said teasingly.
Dean following him over the edge as Cas' hot cum fills him up. He releases his load all over Cas' hand and chest as he collapses on top of him panting hard. Dean lays on top of Cas for a moment while they catch their breath before he rolls to the side, Cas' cock sliding out of him. He lets out a soft whimper at the loss, but settles for wrapping his legs and arms around Cas' sweaty body.
Dean kisses a trail from Cas' mouth to his jaw, then down his neck, running his teeth over Cas' collar bone. He stopped there momentarily, sucking another bruise to the surface. His hands still roaming over Cas' body. He pushes him back, mouth running lower, slowly to his nipple, taking it in his mouth and worrying it with his teeth until he hears Cas gasp, arching his chest into him. Satisfied with the reaction, he continues lower, running his tongue over Cas' sensitive stomach, making his way to his hip bones, realizing he hadnt spent nearly as much time on them last night as he wanted to.
After that day Dean took every opportunity he found to run his fingers through Castiel's wings whenever he saw them. It started with light playful touches, simply trying to get a reaction out of the angel, something more than the flush that would line his ears. Dean would be lying if he said he himself wasn't enjoying this. Sure it was fun teasing Cas,  trying to break that ever stoic look he always wore. But it became more than that very quickly, the electric tingles that emanated from Cas' feathers whenever he touched them was down right addicting. Dean found he couldn't get enough.
I miss you every day, and I REALLY miss your pie. Seriously dude, you make THE BEST PIE EVER! I hope all is well and that you like your new neighbors, but don't make them pie, save that for me. Because I am coming back to you Mr. Novak. I am coming back and when I do I want your best pie. And I want my grown up kiss!
"AAHHHH DEAN!" Castiel screamed as his orgasm ripped through him, he thrust himself up into Dean's torso as Dean contained to thrust into him, fucking him through his orgasm. Dean thrust a half a dozen times more and then Castiel felt his cock swell in his ass as Dean thrust in as far as he could, a deep moan breaking over his lips as he collapsed on top of him, heaving heavy breaths.
"Oh Cas." Dean said and Castiel thrust faster into him. "Oh Fuck" Castiel slowed down, thrusting deep into him "Oh shit" Dean moaned out, wrapping his foot around Castiel's thigh, trying to pull him closer, his head turning back to look at him, biting his lip as Castiel thrust deeper and deeper.
"Dean, please don't turn away from me. I want... we need to talk about this"  Cas' voice was lower than it normally was, softer and Dean couldn't stop the soft sigh that escaped him. This was going to be harder than he imagined.
Castiel quickly pulled back, and took two steps away, keeping Dean at least an arms length away. "Well, then one of two things is going to have to happen. One, I can leave and come back after Darla goes home" Castiel took note of the sadness that flashed across Dean's face, and fought back a happy little smile. "Or two, you can go spend time with your daughter while I make you the best French toast you have ever eaten. And then later, after Darla goes home, you can have me whatever way you desire." Castiel stepped closer placing a light kiss of his nose.
"Really Cas? I think its time we listened to something else. You are so hung up on one song, when theres so much more out there." Dean sighs, taking a hold of Cas' wrist and leads him out of the kitchen.
Cas moves his hand up to the back of Dean's head and into his hair as he climbs up onto Dean, straddling his lap, blanket falling away as he does. He completely forgets that he had fallen asleep wearing only a towel, until he feels the rough denim rub against him. The sensation is wonderful and he moans against Dean's mouth. Dean still hasn't moved, he hasn't exactly kissed him back, but he hasn't pushed him away either. Cas runs his tongue over Dean's lips one last time before pulling back and opening his eyes.
Dean growled into his mouth before pulling their bodies apart. He stood next to the bed and quickly removed his pants, pulling out a packet of lube and a condom from the pocket before tossing them aside. He placed the foil packets of the stand next to the bed and leaned over kissing Castiel once again.
Cas looks at him wide eyed as he takes off his clothes. His eyes going straight to Dean's hard thick cock bobbing between his legs as Dean kicks off his pants and boxer briefs. Cas sits up on the bed reaching out to Dean, pulling him close as his mouth latches onto his cock, taking him in completely. This time it's Dean who moans with pleasure as Cas bobs his head up and down his length. Deans fingers weave into his hair as he pulls Cas' head back, mouth sliding off his cock with a pop. Dean leans in kissing Cas' now red and wet lips, pushing him forward as they lay back on the bed. Dean fits himself between Cas' legs and grinds their hips togther, cocks sliding agaist each other. They both moan into the kiss, Cas' hand sliding around deans body to his ass, fingers digging in.
Cas is searching Dean's face for any indication of how real this is, is he really here in his room with him right now? His mind flashes to his fantasy of wanting Dean to slam him against the wall. Of Dean's lips of his, his hands running over his body... Cas isn't sure how long he is lost in the fantasy this time, but he is pulled into the now when he feels Dean's hands on his, moving them from his belt. "Dean" he says, barely more than a whisper.
Dean slides his hands down, pushing Cas' trousers and briefs to the floor at their feet. He then runs his hands over his shoulders, dropping his shirt to the floor. Dean takes a step back looks at Cas from head to toe and Cas suddenly feels the urge to run, hide, pretend this never happened. But there's a hunger in Dean's eye that keeps him standing where he is. "you're more beautiful than I imagined Cas." Dean says softly.
I am not sure you will remember me. It has been quite awhile since we last saw each other. I was that annoying little kid who kept bugging you for pie.
Dean's head turned toward him. "Hey Cas. Must've been quite tired huh?" he asked sitting up on the couch, muting the tv with the remote.
They were sitting another diner in yet another nameless town when Castiel popped in sitting next to Dean, who had just finished his burger. A smile crept across his face as he looks at the disheveled Angel sitting next to him.
He swooped down gathering her into his arms and lifting her up. "I sure do! It means you owe me a kiss!" he teased, sending her into another giggling fit. She puckered her lips and gave him a big wet smack on the cheek. "Well that just might be the best kiss I've had in quite some time" he said, putting her back down giving her a wink.
"You too Cas." Dean smiled, before turning toward the car. He paused and turned back around. "Hey Cas? Are you sure you wouldn't like to join us? I mean, I know the service isn't really your thing, but Darla is singing and we're going to look at lights after. I'm sure Darla would really like it if you came." He looked up and smiled softly."I'd really like it too."
When he opened the bag, he saw two small boxes in amongst the clothing, recognizing them immediately he turned to question Dean, and found that he was right behind him. "Dean?" The words were barely out of his mouth before Dean was on him, arms around his waist, pulling him into his body. Their mouths devouring each other, tongues meeting feverishly.
Castiel knelt down to look at the doll. "She is beautiful Darla." His hand wiped the hair out of her face, "But I know a certain little girl who's even more beautiful" he winked at her.
Dean grabs Cas by his hip and lifts him so he's straddling Dean's waist. His fingers digging into his ass as he pulls him in closer. He runs his tongue over Cas' gently. " You're my everything baby, I want to give you the world, tell me what you want"
Grabbing the top of the boxers again, he pulls them down slowly, trailing his lips from Cas' hips over the soft warm skin right above his groin. The elastic band catches on Cas' dick pulling it down, and Dean can hear a needy whimper above his head, and he cant help the devious smile he gives Cas when he looks up at him. Cas' hips twitch again, looking for friction, and Dean revels in the moment of need before pulling the boxers all the way down and watching as Cas' beautiful hard cock springs back up and bounces a little as it's freed.
"Well yea, I mean, think about it. Cas is great, he's been there for us so many times. He tries his hardest to help whenever he can, even if sometimes he sometimes strays in his attempts." Sam hadn't even looked up at Dean, he was still staring at the screen on his laptop.
He looked up at Cas who was sitting toward the foot of the bed and smiled. "Cas, you're going to have to scoot up here, I only have ear buds, so we're gonna have to share, you need to be closer."
Dean smiled as Robert Plant's voice came through softly "And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me." He looked up at Cas, watching his face as the music changed from soft and slow, to hard. Cas closed his eyes as though he was soaking in every word, every note. A soft smile playing across his lips as his head slowly bobbed to the beat. Dean's smile widened at that, instinct, that was pure instinct. This was the best part in sharing something with Cas for the first time. He was eager for new experiences, wanted to savor every moment.
Dean smiled deviously and placed the pie on the night stand. He turned and gathered Castiel into his arms kissing him deeply with renewed passion. "That sounds like a deal. Have I ever told you that you make the best pie ever? It's the second most delicious thing I have ever tasted." Dean smiled again before taking Castiel's mouth into his again, grinding his already hardening cock against his thigh.
Dean lifted his head and ran his eyes up Castiel's body, flushed and painted with love bites, up to his face, his lips pink and swollen and his eyes intensely looking into Dean's. "I'll make it good baby, I promise. Gonna make you feel so good."
Dean simply cannot believe he is sitting here right now. It's not that his "date" is unattractive. Sure, he's a little thicker, balding a little maybe, but those things didn't bother him, plus his Scottish accent was sexy as hell, if only the guy wasn't a complete douche. Fergus "call me Crowley" McLeod was the principal at Dean's little brother Sammy's school, and after Sammy had gotten into a fight with a boy named Gordon in the cafeteria, Dean had been asked to come in. Well, actually their father had been contacted first, but he was off on another bender, so it had once again fallen to Dean to take care of Sammy.
"Please Cas.... fuck! I need you, Cas! Oh... ungh... I need you inside me!" Dean moaned and whimpered, his torso still splayed across the table.
"Dean" Castiel panted "too many clothes...  There's too many layers between us.  I...  I need to feel your skin on mine." Dean smiled that wicked smile, and Oh god,  Castiel never imagined that devious smile from all those years ago would be so damn sexy.  He swore he could come just by the way Dean's beautiful pouty lips twisted like that,  combined with the wild fire in his green eyes,  Castiel was lost. He knew that he belonged to Dean now.
"She passed right out." Dean chuckled Castiel turned toward him, their faces mere inches apart. "Can I get you something to drink?"
"C'mon Cas.You gotta talk to me man. Please, I've never seen you like this. You gotta tell me whats going on." Cas rest his head on Dean's chest, relishing in the rumble as Dean spoke softly to him. He shifted in closer, seeking out Dean's comfort and warmth and before he knew it he was practically curled up into Dean's lap, arms wrapped around his back. He was waiting for Dean to pull away at any moment, but he didn't, he just let Cas cry in his arms, his hand absently stoking his hair.
"I don't think Castiel Novak is quite as straight as you think he is..." She says sipping her drink again. "I've heard stories from parties he's gone to" she looks up at Dean who stood a foot taller that her. "Don't forget, I ride his bus when I go to my dad's"
A soft gentle kiss, followed by many smaller ones as he worked his mouth down his jaw, to his neck, then a bite on his shoulder, a soft graze of teeth on his collar bone once again. Moving down his chest his lips grazed over Cas' nipple teasingly. He took it into his mouth sucking gently then biting down just hard enough to make Cas' breath catch as he arched his back up into him. Cas' fingers found heir way into Dean's hair, gently pulling as Dean continued worrying his nipple, until it was sensitive.
Dean takes Cas' hand pulling him closer. "I would never" he says sincerely as he slides a hand around Cas' back pulling their bodies together, their mouths less than an inch apart. "Let me show you" Dean whispers just before pressing his lips to Cas' and Cas swears he sees fireworks.
Dean smiled as Robert Plant's voice came through softly "And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me." He looked up at Cas, watching his face as the music changed from soft and slow, to hard. Cas closed his eyes as though he was soaking in every word, every note. A soft smile playing across his lips as his head slowly bobbed to the beat. Dean's smile widened at that, instinct, that was pure instinct. This was the best part in sharing something with Cas for the first time. He was eager for new experiences, wanted to savor every moment.
Cas got up onto his knees and moved toward the foot of the bed, closer to Dean. "I'm not saying I don't want it, I want you Dean, I want to give myself to you in ways that I never have before, but have always wanted to. What I am saying is, I am not going to force myself on you. If this is not what you want, its ok. I don't need you to take pity on me. I don't want you to be with me just because you feel some kind of obligation. I need you Dean, and I will take you in any way that you want to give yourself to me."
Dean walks back to the counter where his laptop was, he had been trying to write, but now he didn't know how long Meg planned to be at the shop, so he closed it.
Dean gets more than he bargained for when the twin brothers from the video store show up at his door one night for an impromptu Movie Club meeting.
We made plans to meet for drinks at our favorite bar so I could meet her new beau, and I figured I should at least put an effort into my appearance tonight, since we were so close to where he lived. I pushed open the door to the bar, scanning for my sister's red hair. I smile and push forward through the crowd when I see her. A hand reaches up and tucks her hair behind her ear as he leans in to whisper something in her ear. I freeze, those lips... my eyes scan further up as those lips pull into a smile, he turns and takes a sip of his beer and my eyes meet his across the crowd. My heart stops, it can't be, it simply cannot be. Everything slows down as my eyes stay locked on his and the moment seems to last an eternity. A tall lanky kid pushes past me and reality crashes in. I watch the kid head for my sister and my... no, her, green-eyed man. I feel my heart wrench and run for the door, not stopping until I closed the door to my apartment.
Dean turned his attention to the last of the whiskey in his glass. "Dammit Charlie, where are you?" he mutters as he sets his empty glass down and slid off his stool. The room dipped a little and he thought 'maybe I shouldn't have had that fourth glass without eating.' After regaining his bearings, he heads toward the bathroom. Thankfully it was empty and after relieving himself he turns to the sink to wash his hands and splash water on his face.
Dean smiled, seeing and understanding the dynamic between the boys. They knew each other better than anyone ever could, and a part of him was jealous that Jimmy would always be that for Castiel. But he was happy that he now had something of Castiel's all to himself. Both boys walked to the door, Jimmy taking the lead, Castiel not letting go of Dean's hand.
Dean licked his lips and ran his hands slowly over Castiel's hips and over his pockets, feeling for the hard bottle, taking an extra moment applying pressure over the teens hard cock straining against his jeans. Castiel hitched his hips into the touch and moaned around his twin's cock, eliciting a dirty moan from Jimmy in turn. Fuck, he was loving this. Dean found the bottle and pulled it out of Castiel's pocket, setting it on the stairs. he then made quick work of removing the teens pants, sure, he was throughly enjoying eating out Jimmy's ass, just as he was sure Castiel was enjoying sucking down his cock, but his own cock was feeling neglected and he wanted something to rut up against while he prepped Jimmy to take him. He straddled Castiel once again, being sure to properly line up their cocks, rutting against him as he took the bottle in his hand, flipping the lid and squirting a generous amount on his fingers before pressing the first finger into Jimmy and elating in the noise that escaped the teens mouth. He reached around pulling Jimmy's head back into him kissing him as deeply as the position allowed him to. "God Damn Jimmy, you're so tight." Dean said pressing kisses into his neck and shoulders.
The conversation was a little different today as Dean told Castiel about everything he was going to miss about Lawrence. And about his nervousness about moving, and starting a new school, and how Sammy was going to handle the the move, though he supposed being that same was only 9, that he would adjust a little easier.
Cas laid forward onto Dean, his own erection pressed between their bodies as he relaxed his muscles and let Dean's soft cock pop out of him. The shifts n his hips were so light that Dean didnt notice them at first, still coming down from the most amazing orgasm he had ever had in his life. He lifted his hand and absently ran his fingers through Cas' hair as his breath normalized. "Cas... that...was amazing. Where did you learn to do that?"
"Okay baby, but I don't give you permission yet." his tongue flicks the salty fluid leaking from the tip. "Understand?"
He felt the sudden emptiness as Cas pulled away, his hand now in front of Dean's face. "Lick it Dean, get it nice and wet." Dean obliged licking Cas' hand like it was a melting ice cream cone in the middle of summer. Cas pulled his hand away and Dean heard him undo his pants, and Cas sighed as he ran the wet hand over his own hard cock. He leaned over his body again, Dean felt his cock slide between his cheeks as he whispered in his ear "Are you ready?"
"Cas hmm?" Castiel looks at him with a smirk, "I like it". He pressed his lips against his again. "And what do I call you?"
"Damn" Dean said pulling his mouth away. "I can't believe I've been imagining that wrong all these years." Castiel's eyes widened. "That was..." Dean leaned in and took Castiel's bottom lip between his teeth, biting gently before sucking it into his mouth and then sweeping his tongue back out to sooth over it. "Amazing, Mr.Novak. I have imagined that kiss almost every day for the last 6 years. And your lips taste more incredible than I could have ever dreamed." Dean smiled at him and rotated his hips into Castiel. "And you know what Mr Novak?" Dean smoothed his hands down Castiel's body,slipping one hand down the back of his pants and into the crack of his ass, squeezing tight and pulling him harder into him with a low growl. "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
Cas licked his lips again before opening his life mouth and sliding Dean into him again,  Dean's fingers tightened in his hair, and Castiel knew by the sound of his breathing, he was really close. He placed both of his hands on Dean's hips as he bobbed his head up and down onto him faster and faster, until he heard Dean's voice break "C... CAS.... I'm....  Gonna.... Ungh!" Dean's fingers pulled on Cas' hair like he was trying to pull him off before he came, but Cas pushed himself forward, taking Dean into his mouth fully as he felt his dick swell a brief moment before thick hot streaks of cum poured out of him and down his throat. Cas swallowed around his cock, pulling another scream from Dean as this time he pushed harder on Cas head and bucked his hips into him filling him as completely as he could, his cock still twitching and shooting cum down his throat. Cas came in his pants at the feeling of Dean as fully inside his mouth as possible.
"I did, you didn't respond, so I turned it away, trust me Meg, it was trash" Dean says standing his ground.
"Fuck!" Dean growled. Taking a quick moment to take off his own pants that were still gathered around his ankles. Watching with envy as Castiel fucked himself back on his own fingers. Dean didn't take his eyes off Cas fingers as they pumped in and out of his greedy ass, he simply stepped forward and added one of his own delighting in the sounds that came from Castiel as he hooked his finger finding that magical button on his first try. Castiel's hips bucked up into him as his own fingers pulled out and gripped his leg, spreading them wider to allow Dean full access. Dean quickly added another finger, hooking them with every thrust, grazing over Castiel's prostate.
"Ok, they're ready, now I just need an oven mitt" Darla reached opened the drawer next to the stove and pulled out a mitt for him.
Before he closes it he asks Dean which car in the lot was Crowley's, Dean pointed it out, wondering what he was doing. He watches him walk over tot he car, and place a piece of paper under the wiper blade. "What was that all about?" he asks when Cas gets back in the car.
Dean felt his cock perk up with interest as Cas shifted his thigh between his legs, rubbing up against it."Me either Cas"
"OK Dean, Thank you." Cas stood and made his way to the bathroom. He leaned against the door after closing it and let out a deep sigh, earlier today when Dean had shown up, he felt proud of himself for everything that he had accomplished on his own. But Dean was very good at making him realize there was still so much that he didnt know, that he wasnt handling properly on his own. He knew Dean didnt mean to make him feel like such a child, he was just trying to make sure Cas was taken care of. But he was still left with a feeling of helplessness, and loneliness. He was so cut off from everything that was familiar. When Sam and Dean had first found him and took him back to the bunker, he thought that things were going to be ok now. He might be cut off from heaven, but he'd still have his family. But then that was ripped from him too, Dean had kicked him out. Cas cried uncontrollably for hours after that, he couldnt stop, as much as he had wanted to, knowing that it served no purpose, but he just couldnt stop.
"You're drunk Jo. Castiel is straight, he's definitely not interested in anything I have to offer." Dean says as he stares across the room at the boy with the blue eyes that haunted his dreams nightly.
Dean following him over the edge as Cas' hot cum fills him up. He releases his load all over Cas' hand and chest as he collapses on top of him panting hard. Dean lays on top of Cas for a moment while they catch their breath before he rolls to the side, Cas' cock sliding out of him. He lets out a soft whimper at the loss, but settles for wrapping his legs and arms around Cas' sweaty body.
Cas gasps as Dean's fingers graze his prostate "Oh Dean" he moans, his hips rolling down on his fingers. "Please Dean... oh god baby... please..."
Dean's mind was racing, thinking about what Jo had just said. He stares across the smoky room and watched Cas as he put his hand at the small of Balthazar's back. The French speaking boy leaned in and whispered in his ear. Dean feels his ears burn as a wicked smirk spread across Castiel's face and his blue eyes caught his gaze from across the room.
Dean just looked at him, not knowing what to say. Sam smiled again as he walked to the stairs, pausing a moment he looked back at Dean "I'm glad that you've finally come to realize what I've known for years. Don't hide any more Dean. You deserve to be happy."
Dean lets out a small sigh, "Yea ok Cas, but just once. Then we are listening to something else." He lets his hand fall to his lap, hyper aware that Cas has not yet let it go. His hands are still warm from the hot dish water and still a little damp. Dean looks up at Cas as he starts to hum along with the lyrics.
"I have no where else to go Dean. You kicked me out remember?" Cas said lightly, but once he said the words out loud an angry fire began to burn in him, and he couldn't stop. "You left me stranded, I've done the best I can, and now you're here telling me it isnt good enough. Well, Fuck you Dean, I'm trying. I'm alone, the world is a cold place, and you, you shoved me out here alone." He hated the harshness his voice carried, but it needed to be said. "Just take me back to the gas station and go on your way. I'm no longer your problem." He shifted in his seat away from Dean and looked back out the window. Waiting for Dean to either say something, or simply start driving again. He did the latter.
Cas couldn't find his voice, terrified that if he even tried to speak he would break. Instead he hung his head again, and wiped at his eyes with his hand as he heaved a deep sigh, trying to shove everything back down. But when he felt Dean's hand on his bare shoulder, he lost it, all the control he was managing to hold onto, melted away and the tears began to flow. He felt Dean shift in closer to him on the bed and pull him into his chest.
"Sure thing sweetie! But first why don't you go and make sure Maddie has food in her dish" Dean bent down and gave his daughter a hug, then let her go off into the dining room to do her chore. He stood and walked over to where Castiel was now sitting on the couch, blanket still draped over him.
Dean took him by the hand leading him to the stairs, he paused and looked back at the scattered books and papers, he chuckled softly "Man, Sam's gonna be pissed when he sees this mess."
This time it was Cas who chuckled. "But I like you like this.... vulnerable. " He rolled to his side, running his hand over Dean's sticky stomach, pulling him in closer as he nibbled on his neck.
Cas swears he sees a small smile pull at the corner of Dean's mouth. "I..." Dean starts, pausing a moment to swallow. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay, you seemed off, and now I can see why. I should go, leave you to... uh.... It..." Dean licks his lips as his eyes once again flick to where Cas' hands are, then back up to his face, but he makes no move to leave.
But then years later Cas gets a knock on his door and 20 year old Dean pushes him against the wall and says "I'm ready for my grown up kiss now, Mr. Novak" and then he fucks Cas until they're both shaking and screaming.
It had been an hour, and Charlie was supposed to come rescue him and officially introduce him to Dorothy. He knew things were going to get serious between the two of them. Charlie gushed about the pretty brunette from accounting every time they spoke since that night at the bar. Dean was happy that his friend was falling in love, but right now he was growing impatient. The bartender hands him his drink and Dean slides her a five dollar bill before picking it up.
Castiel let out a low moan "Dean" he pressed into him, running his hand over his chest and cupping his face. "You need to go get dressed. It's almost time to take Darla to her mother's." he kissed Dean gently "I'll be here when you get back" Castiel reluctantly pulled himself away and stood up, holding his hand out to Dean. Dean took Castiel's hand and immediately pulled him into his arms again once he stood up. "Dean.  Seriously, go get dressed"  Castiel said with a bit of force.
Dean couldnt help the smile that stretched his lips. "Yea Cas, that would be fine. Here let me set it up so it will continually play the same song. That way you don't have to keep pressing play." Dean put the song on repeat and showed Cas what button to push to get it started. He also got up and changed the buds out for his good head phones. "Here Cas, these are what I wear when I listen to music as I'm going to sleep. They're durable, so don't be afraid to fall asleep with them on." Dean handed them to Cas.
Castiel was sitting on the stairs behind him, and he ran his hands down the length of Dean's torso, taking his mouth with his own, tasting Dean and Jimmy on his lips and tongue. He grabbed the hem of Dean's t-shirt and pulled it up and off, breaking the kiss briefly before smashing their mouths back together. His hand's slid back down his chest and played with his nipples, causing Dean to take in a sharp breath through his nose and his hips to jut up into Jimmy.
"You know how badly I want to kiss you right now Cas?" Dean whispered, his hand softly trailing up Castiel's arm, sending so very through his body. "Please tell me you'll stay today? Darla goes back to her mom's at noon. We can spend the afternoon together." Dean flicked his tongue across his lips, staring into Castiel's eyes.
"Rules are rules" Dean said with a shrug, leaning in and placing a soft kiss on Castiel's lips. His lips were warm and he smelled of coffee, and all Castiel could think was just how amazing this day was shaping up to be.
The room quickly fills with the sound of skin slapping again skin as Cas slams his cock inside Dean, both panting and moaning out the other's name. Cas shifts his thrusts and Dean screams out his name when he slams full force into his prostate. He's so happy he agreed to the date with Crowley, because otherwise he would have never met this amazing angel who was making him feel things he'd never felt before. He pulls hard against his binds, wanting desperately to see Cas' face. He forces his hips down to the bed, Cas' cock sliding of of him with a wet popping noise, quickly rolling over and wrapping his legs up and around Cas' waist, rolling his hips up into him. Cas looks at him stunned "I... I needed to see you..." Dean says, his eyes searching Cas' ocean blue ones for forgiveness. A mischievous grin spreads across Cas' face "look at you, all desperate and needy" he breathes out running his hand along Dean's body. Dean bites his lip whining, hitching his hips into Cas' again, his ass catching Cas' dick as he does. He's able to push enough to get the head of his cock back in his ass, but the tie binding his wrists prevents him from pushing back further. "please Cas.... N.. N.. Need your fat cock inside me..." Dean locks eyes with him, desperately pleading with him which Cas apparently can't resist as he thrusts hard into him, ramming the head of his cock right into his prostate "Oh fuck Cas! Oh god! Nungh.... " he moans as Cas continues to slam into him. His hands roaming his body, tweaking his nipples sending new pleasures through his body until his cock feels like it's going to explode. "C.. Cas...." he moans out watching his angel's face above him. "p...Please... I need to come, please let me come" Cas breath quickens as he leans down bringing his face close to Dean's as they share the same air between them. "not yet tiger, I'm... Mmmm... So close.... Wanna taste you" he stutters out as his hips keep up their bruising pace. Dean's lost in his staved orgasm, he feels like he might bust his load through the cock ring, but the promise of being able to come in Cas' mouth is enough to encourage him to hold on.
Cas thrusts hard and deep into Dean as he feels his orgasm coming on.  He locks eyes with the beautiful green eyed boy as he feels the pressure building inside him.  His breath hitches at the same time as his hips and he thrusts once more deep inside of Dean "nungh....  Ah..  Ah.... Ahhhhhh! Dean! Ohhhh!" he cries out as his orgasm rips through his body.  He burries his head into the crook of Dean's biting down on the tender skin as he comes inside him.  Dean let's out a deep groan,  hitching his own hips up.  As Cas catches his breath he looks up into Dean's eyes,  seeing the desperation for his own release.  He licks his way down his body,  his softening cock pulling out of Dean.  He pulls off the condom,  knotting it and tossing it in the trash before turning his attention to Dean's thick swollen red cock.  He runs his tongue teasingly over the head before wrapping his lips around it and taking him into his mouth completely. Dean writhes under him "p.. Please Cas...  I..  I gotta....  Ungh....." he begs.  Cas wraps his hand tightly around the base of his cock as he pulls the ring off.  He looks up at Dean's face.  "ready tiger?"  he asks  flicking his tongue over the slit gathering the precum that had worked it's way out.  Dean nods furiously,  desperately,  his bottom lip caught between his teeth.  Cas smirks "give it to me"  he says wrapping his lips around his cock,  his hand letting go of the base. Dean let's out a primal cry as his orgasm tears through his body,  bucking up into Cas' mouth,  shoving his cock deep into his throat as hot cum pours out of him.  Cas swallows quickly to save himself from choking on the what seems to be gallons of cum shooting down his throat.  When Cas has finally milked the last of the cum from Dean's cock,  he pulls his mouth off,  leaning up to kiss Dean as his body still shakes.  "you're fucking perfect" he says kissing him. Dean moans, his eyes fluttering open to look at Cas, green eyes meeting blue.  And even though they both just had the most amazing orgasms,  they knew this night was far from being over.
"AAHHHH DEAN!" Castiel screamed as his orgasm ripped through him, he thrust himself up into Dean's torso as Dean contained to thrust into him, fucking him through his orgasm. Dean thrust a half a dozen times more and then Castiel felt his cock swell in his ass as Dean thrust in as far as he could, a deep moan breaking over his lips as he collapsed on top of him, heaving heavy breaths.
"Fuck Cas, I never would have imagined you'd have such a filthy mouth." Dean said pulling him in for a hard kiss. "Gotta say I fucking love it!" Castiel crushed his mouth into his, nipping and biting at his tongue and lips.
Dean moaned into the kiss, he was laying next to Cas, his left leg draped over his body, his hardening cock resting on Cas' hip. An occasional shutter still running through Cas' body as he lazily kissed him back. Cas looked at Dean. "Thank you Dean... that... that was wonderful"
"What do you mean what happened? What happened when?" she asks, her voice becoming more clear as she woke up.
Dean pops the driver's door and slides into the seat behind the wheel, where he looks more at home than any place Cas has ever seen him. Without a word he closes the door and starts the car, the engine roaring to life, and sending the familiar rumble through Cas' body. Every passing moment is one closer to having to say goodbye again, and Cas just is not ready for that. He turns and looks as his profile, light moving over his face highlighting different features as they drive down the street.
"Castiel Novak hasn't had an effect on my panties in a very long time" Dean says as he finishes his beer. "But, I would be willing to bet that Miss Dorothy from marketing over there is very much having an effect on yours right now."
"No, I get it. We went to church when I was really little. My dad went through a phase where we were going pretty regularly. By the time I was a teenager though we stopped going. My dad and I would have conversations about religion and he just wanted us to be exposed to it, so we could make our own decisions on what we wanted to believe."
"It doesn't have to mean anything Dean. I dont want you to leave yet. Please, will you just stay with me? I'm not asking for anything more than comfort, will you please just stay here with me?" Cas waits a moment, Dean still not speaking, not moving at all. "Ok, I understand." Cas says softly, suddenly feeling even more pathetic and helpless than he did earlier.
His hand holds just tightly enough to move it to the side as dean runs his tongue down his thigh, sucking a deep red mark. Cas' hips buck up into Dean's touch, his head rolling back as a low groan escapes him. Dean's mouth moves over, his tongue lightly running over Cas' balls and a choked "Dean!" escapes Cas this time, which only seems to encourage Dean further as he sucks them into his mouth. When Dean pulls back, Cas' balls sliping from his mouth with a loud pop, Cas looks down at him.
"Thank you Castiel." She said smiling up at him, putting her phone down and taking the gift from his hand."Can I open it now?"
Cas opens his door pulling Dean in behind him. Dean slams him against the door as he closes it, smashing their mouths together. Cas pushes him further into the apartment, hands trailing down his body, holding his hips throwing him against the wall in the hallway. "Now now tiger, I'm in control of this ride." His nimble fingers pop open the button of Deans jeans and he slides his hand in over his hard cock. Dean hisses at the touch. "Thats a good boy, let me take care of you." Cas licks at his neck, sucking a red mark before moving down further to his collar bone. His hand slowly massaging Deans dick.
There were days that Dean loved his job, but there were even more where he hated it. Most days he was lucky to have ten customers even walk through the door. However, when he did get a good customer, his commission cut was a nice bonus to his paycheck.  Most days he was alone all day, which was great for his writing, as it gave him plenty of time to work on the novel he had been trying to write for years. But it was also pretty lonely, sitting alone for hours on end with no one to talk to.  His boss, Meg, didn't like him to be using his phone much at work, even if there weren't customers in the store. About a month ago she had even installed a 'security' camera and was able to remotely access it at all hours of the day. Dean hated feeling like he was being spied on. He was a good worker, and his daily duties were done and the customers he did have loved him. Still, it seemed most days he felt trapped in a dead end job that was supposed to be great and fizzled quickly as his boring days dragged by.
Dean excuses himself from the table once more, grabbing his leather jacket as he heads toward the back door once again. He hasn't given himself any time to think about what hes doing, he just needs to look into Castiel's eyes, to feel those full lips against his skin, to hear that rough sex lined voice again. When he opens the door to the back alley he doesn't see him, but suddenly there's warm breath on his ear "Are you ready for the night of your life?" Castiel asks walking past him smacking his ass. Dean's speechless, as he follows him. When he gets to the car Castiel grabs him by the waist pulling him into his body as he leans back against the car. "What's the matter beautiful, cat got your tongue?" he asks him before kissing him deeply.
When Dean regained control of his breathing he rolled slowly to the side, pulling free of Castiel and removing the condom. He tied it off and tossed it to the garbage can. He propped his head up on his arm and looked lovingly at his blue eyed man. "Cas" he said using his free hand to turn his face toward him "You know how amazing you are right?"
Dean plunged his tongue into Castiel's mouth, licking his way in and around, tasting himself on his tongue and lips. He ran his hands down Castiel's body pulling his shirt up and off, breaking the kiss only long enough for the fabric to pass between them before his mouth was ravaging Castiel's lips and jaw once more. His teeth scraping over the delicate skin of his neck, his tongue running over the red marks he had left earlier. His hands ran down Castiel's body sliding them under the waistband of the pajama pants and grabbing his ass tightly pulling him into his body as his fingers pushed in between his cheeks. Dean broke the kiss with a gasp as his fingers met the slick eager hole "mmm Cas" Dean moaned into his neck "Fuck baby, you're so sweet, you got yourself all ready for me?" Dean continued to lick and nip at his throat as Castiel pushed back into his exploring fingers, biting Dean's fingers dipped into him. Dean gripped him tightly and turned him around, lifting him onto the counter, and pulling his pants off in one swift movement. He took a step back and just looked at Castiel, sitting naked on his kitchen counter. He was never going to be able to walk into this kitchen and not see this sight. "God Cas you're so fucking beautiful"
After a while, Cas' tears subside and when he feels calm he leans back and looks up at Dean. His heart thuds loudly in his chest as he admires Dean from this angle, and the kindness in his eyes. Cas watches as Dean's tongue flicks across his lips, it happens all so suddenly, Cas hasn't even had time to think, but suddenly his lips are pressed against Dean's, his tongue searching out the taste of him. He feels Dean tense up slightly beneath him, but Cas doesnt relent. This may be his only chance to taste him, to know what Dean feels like in his arms. Dean's leaving him again anyway, so what the hell.
Cas watches Dean's body shake through his orgasm. "mmmm... found myself a dirty boy who likes it rough huh?" Cas says before smacking Dean's other ass cheek. He moans out loudly from the sting his body rolling with pleasure "More... please" Dean says softly, and Cas is more than happy to oblige, smacking his ass until he can see the red welts of his hand print raising out of the skin. He brushes his fingers over the marks lightly, earning another moan from Dean. Leaning in Cas runs his tongue over the hot irritated flesh before taking his hands and spreading his cheeks. He glides his wet tongue over Dean's pink hole, slowly circling the tight puckered ring before pressing into him. Dean lets out another breathy moan, pressing his greedy ass back into Cas' tongue, his hole fluttering around Cas' tongue as he slides it in and out of him at an agonizingly slow pace.
Castiel walked through the kitchen door, leaning back against it as it closed. He let out a heavy sigh, he didn't know what had come over him, but there was just something about the green eyed man with those perfectly pink lips that he couldn't resist.
Dean's eyes lit up. "I can't believe you made me forget pie. I knew you would be good, but damn!" Dean smiled. "Lets get washed up and maybe grab a slice... before..." he winked at Castiel, making him blush and smile.
"nnnoo..." Castiel stuttered when he finally found his voice. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and pulled him in for another kiss, this one held a little more passion as Castiel took control, gliding his tongue over Dean's lips before he opened up to him and met his tongue with his own. The kiss deepened as Dean ran his hands under Cas' shirt and up his back, pulling him in as close as he could.
"Alright Dean." Cas shifted, unfolding and swinging his legs to the side of the bed and paused, looking back toward Dean. "Dean, would it be ok." He hesitated.
So I wanted to do nothing but write today... I love days like that, except of course regular day to day life tends to get in the way... so after writing this morning I did my daily life stuff and as soon as I could I was right back here furiously typing away... I know I left ya'll hanging a bit with the end of the last chapter... Hopefully you think this one pays off a bit for you!!!
Cas pushed his ass back into Dean's hand and moaned, "Y..Yes Dean... ungh.... I want you to fuck me..... mmmmm.... please!"
Dean made quick work of removing his and Castiel's shirts,  unable to resist the skin to skin contact he pushed into him once again,  his lips working over the newly exposed skin. Castiel was coming apart beneath him. His own hands running over Dean's warm muscular body,  fingers digging in as Dean worried his nipple between his teeth. The boy definitely knew how to use that beautiful mouth of his.
Dean licks up the length of Cas' cock, swirling his tongue around the purple head. "Are you ready Angel?" He smiles as Cas' bites his lip, moaning a strangled 'yes... please' as Dean's fingers work in and out of his ass. "Okay, you've been such a good boy.... Give it to me" Dean says opening his mouth and taking his tip in as he presses his fingers against Cas' sweet spot.
Dean laughed as he walked out to the dining room, calling for Darla "How's it going sweetie?" Castiel watched him, staring at his ass and thighs and thinking to himself just how sexy they were. He shook his head and looked toward the stove again as he heard Darla yell back a yes and Dean walked back into the kitchen.
When he turned around he saw Cas was still sitting on the loveseat. "Cas, c'mon man, you gotta come over here. Sit on the bed with me." Dean sat up on the bed with his legs crossed, and Cas soon joined him, mimicking how he was sitting. Dean was still trying to decide on a song to start with, frustrated, not able to decide on which one to start with, he decided to just put it on shuffle, let fate or whatever decide, they were all good.
Castiel's fingers dug into Dean's hips as he tried to hold on. Dean was pounding himself on top of him, his own cock bouncing between their stomachs with loud a loud slap every time it hit. His head was thrown back in complete ecstacy, Castiel had never seen a sight so beautiful in his entire life.
Castiel had Dean wait in the room after they washed up while he padded barefoot wearing just his bathrobe to the kitchen and cut a slice of pie. When he walked into the room Dean stared at him hungrily. "Gee Cas, I can't decide which looks more delicious, the pie, or you."
Dean ran his hand over Castiel's chest and to his stomach. "What do you say we jump in the shower and get cleaned up?"
Castiel stood back up and faced Dean, who held his arms out to him and pulled him into a hug. It took Castiel by surprise, they had never hugged before. Castiel relaxed a little into Dean's embrace and took a deep breath, breathing in the subtle smell of his after shave. Before he realized what he was doing he let out a soft sigh, and then suddenly embarrassed, he let go of Dean and took a step back.
"Does it feel good? hmm? You like your fat dick in my ass? Come on baby, tell me how much you like me riding your cock." Dean says letting out low dirty moans in Cas' ear.
His smile widened as he turned to face the Angel who was now standing right behind  him. "Its about damn time." He leaned in, claiming his mouth in a soft kiss. "I was getting lonely, and I missed your mouth"
Dean sets a slow steady pace and Cas is torn between being in complete bliss, and desperately wanting more. He runs his hands over Dean's body grabbing scratching pulling their bodies together. "Oh Dean..." he moans softly as Dean kisses down his neck, leaving little love bites along his collarbone. Dean takes Cas' nipple into his mouth, worrying the already sensitive flesh causing Cas to arch his back off the bed. The shift in his body also enables Dean's cock to graze across his prostate, forcing a shuttering moan out of Cas. Seeingly encouraged by the new whimpering noises falling from Cas' lips Dean thrusts harder into him, nailing his prostate each time. While his thrusts are harder, his pace is still slow and when Cas reaches down trying to grab his own cock, Dean swats his hand away, wrapping his own long fingers around his hot erection, pumping slowly with his thrusts.
Castiel looked around him, not fully understanding the question. When he looked back at Dean he noticed his eyes were raised, looking above his head. Castiel slowly lifted his head, looking up to the ceiling. Hanging above his head was a small bunch of mistletoe. He snapped his head back down and was suddenly face to face with Dean, who had stepped closer without a sound. There faces were so close that Castiel could smell the beer on Dean's breath.
Castiel sighed at the loss of warmth when Dean pulled his had away as they pulled into the driveway. "You wanna come up for awhile?" Dean asked, turning off the car.
Castiel couldn't help but chuckle to himself every time he heard the knock on the door, it had all become so routine. Dean would come over, and get straight to work doing little odd cleaning jobs around the house while Castiel worked in the kitchen, making the dough and filling for Dean's pie. And though he had no doubt Dean could have eaten the whole pie to himself Castiel was insistant that he share the pie with his family.
"Dammit Dean if you don't get over here and fuck me, I'm gonna have to finish myself." Castiel said laying back grabbing his dick and pumping it.
Dean leans forward and kisses him, careful not to tease his cock until Cas gives him the okay. "You're incredible Angel, that was close." Dean teases over a nipple with a  finger. "You ready for more?"
Cas swears he sees a small smile pull at the corner of Dean's mouth. "I..." Dean starts, pausing a moment to swallow. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay, you seemed off, and now I can see why. I should go, leave you to... uh.... It..." Dean licks his lips as his eyes once again flick to where Cas' hands are, then back up to his face, but he makes no move to leave.
Cas lays his body over Dean's, dragging his hard cock down his ass-crack. Dean feels his hot breath on his ear. "I'm not too rough, but do we need a safety word?" Dean's not sure why, but he trusts him, he shakes his head no and hears Cas chuckle in his ear. "Thats a good boy." Cas drags his lips over his ear, laying soft open mouthed kisses over his body and he moves down.  Dean feels him press his lips to his ass-cheek right before *SMACK* Cas' hand slaps hard against his flesh, sending pain and pleasure through his body, and Dean has what he suspects is only his first orgasm of the night.
Jo moves closer to Dean, trying to whisper "I heard that Castiel, Autumn and Balthazar were all caught together, half naked in Brigit's parent's bedroom"  she says taking another drink.
"Cas..." Dean said softly. "I want nothing more than to do what you want me to, but... we arent prepared for that. We need..."
Dean slid his fingers under the hem of Castiel's t-shirt and slid his hand around to the small of his back again, pulling him in, closing the last inches between their bodies. "I have been waiting to do this since you walked in tonight Cas."
"I already told you. I saw a horrible burned and destroyed world. With nothing but heartache and dispair." Dean says, "but no matter what version of the future we have, at least I know I will always have you." Dean leans in kissing the soft lips that he's come to know well since he got back from his stint in the future.
Dean forced his eyes to stay open and watch the beautiful blue eyed man that was kneeling before him. As much as he wanted to get lost in the sensations that Castiel was sending through his body, he fucking loved looking at his angelic face. Castiel locked his eyes on him and ran his tongue over his lips, and Dean bit his own holding back a moan. Castiel then flicked his tongue out and swirled it over the head of his dick before swallowing him down in one smooth motion. And it was a good thing that Castiel had the foresight to turn them around, because Dean could no longer feel his legs as he watched the dark haired man bob up and down, his dick hitting the back of Castiel's throat every time, and Castiel's gaze never leaving his own.
Cas leans in kissing him again "and I never thought anyone could ever be as sweet as you, but you keep proving me wrong too"
"OK Dean, Thank you." Cas stood and made his way to the bathroom. He leaned against the door after closing it and let out a deep sigh, earlier today when Dean had shown up, he felt proud of himself for everything that he had accomplished on his own. But Dean was very good at making him realize there was still so much that he didnt know, that he wasnt handling properly on his own. He knew Dean didnt mean to make him feel like such a child, he was just trying to make sure Cas was taken care of. But he was still left with a feeling of helplessness, and loneliness. He was so cut off from everything that was familiar. When Sam and Dean had first found him and took him back to the bunker, he thought that things were going to be ok now. He might be cut off from heaven, but he'd still have his family. But then that was ripped from him too, Dean had kicked him out. Cas cried uncontrollably for hours after that, he couldnt stop, as much as he had wanted to, knowing that it served no purpose, but he just couldnt stop.
Dean smiled deviously and placed the pie on the night stand. He turned and gathered Castiel into his arms kissing him deeply with renewed passion. "That sounds like a deal. Have I ever told you that you make the best pie ever? It's the second most delicious thing I have ever tasted." Dean smiled again before taking Castiel's mouth into his again, grinding his already hardening cock against his thigh.
Cas turned around and smiled at Dean. "Dean, I would love to see you fight to over power me if I didn't want you to." he knelt beside the hunter on the bed, he dropped the wet cloth onto Dean's stomach, and Dean flinched as he made to get up, seemingly prepared for the challenge. Cas chuckled, bending over him and licking his lips. "But we will save that for another time darling, right now, I want you helpless."
He heard Sam slide his chair out from the table and walk around. He bent over by Dean, grabbing the keys to the Impala. "I think you guys have some things to discuss... I'll be out late."
Dean groans, sliding his hand around Cas' stomach and taking his cock into his hand, precum smearing over his hand, he feels it twitch under his touch and as Cas cries out in pleasure and he feels the hot sticky cum spurt out of him, Dean joins him with a low moan of his own as he thrusts deep and fills Cas' ass with his load.
Dean takes Cas' hand pulling him closer. "I would never" he says sincerely as he slides a hand around Cas' back pulling their bodies together, their mouths less than an inch apart. "Let me show you" Dean whispers just before pressing his lips to Cas' and Cas swears he sees fireworks.
There was only the sound of the engine as they drove, Cas could feel his heart racing. He was torn between wanting to get as far away from Dean as possible and never leaving his side. He watched out the window as they passed houses he didnt recognize, he had no idea which direction they were going in, he doubted that if he had to walk that he would have been able to find his way back to the gas station. He spent most of his time there, and hadn't really wandered far when he wasnt working. But still Nora didnt live that far away, and nothing here looked familiar. Cas glanced at the clock, they had been driving for at least 10 minutes, they should most definitely be there by now.
Things are going really well for us here in California so far I do like my new school and I am quickly making new friends which is nice.
Dean opened his eyes, catching Castiel's "Oh believe me, this" he grabbed Castiel's ass and ground his hips into him letting out a low groan "This is very real"
Cas looks up at him, popping his cock out of his mouth, running his tongue down the underside as he lifts Dean's leg over his shoulder. His tongue glides over Dean's balls before slowly circling his tight puckered hole. He hears Dean hiss above him and he looks up to check his expression. "Too much?" he asks
A smile slowly spreads across his face before Dean answers. "Prayed to you to come to me, so I could make it real." He slipped his tongue into Cas' mouth hungrily. "I don't know how I ever survived this long without knowing how you taste. How your body feels against mine. I never want to go a single day without having you with me Cas. I want to be able to touch you whenever I want, to taste your mouth, your skin. To fee l your warmth, always, I want you always."
Castiel opened his eyes when he felt Dean's fingers in his hair, stroking softly. He cupped his face and pulled him in for a tender kiss. "That was awesome Cas." He said softly. "Can we do it again?"
When Dean's warm wet mouth covered the tip of his cock, Castiel let out a small gasp, and then when the tip of his cock was fully encased in Dean's mouth, nudging the back of his throat as Dean's tongue twisted and twirled, Castiel's upper body lifted off the bed and a mangled cry filled the room. Dean looked up at Castiel and Damn if he wasn't smiling around his cock. This boy is going to kill me he thought as he reached down, catching a tear as it leaked out of Dean's eye. Dean closed his eyes and hollowed his cheeks as he sucked Castiel's cock, hard and fast, his hand playing with his balls.
"Nothing! There's nothing wrong with Cas! He's perfect, he's kind and gentle, his heart is always in the right place. Kind of goofy and childish at times, which somehow makes him even more perfect. Not to mention, hello Angel, which ya know equals total badass! And yes, those eyes of his, piercing blue, the way he can look right into your soul and see exactly what your thinking before you do. The way his voice, so gravelly sends chills down your spine every time he so much as says hello." Dean took a deep breath and looked at Sam, who was now smiling at him. "Cas is perfect Sam, but he's not your perfect, he's mine ok! You cannot be in love with Cas, because I... well, because I need him ok."
Dean's head jerked back slightly "Gee Cas are you tired of me already?" He said half joking, half worried that it was true.
"Thank you Castiel." She said smiling up at him, putting her phone down and taking the gift from his hand."Can I open it now?"
Dean swirled his warm tongue around his mouth as his hands wandered over his back,  hungrily pulling their bodies closer and closer. Castiel's body still trembled wanting more, needing more. Dean broke the kiss and looked in Castiel's eyes. "Cas, you're shaking" he said kissing him gently "Are you ok with this?"
I read this prompt a couple times on the internet and decided that i just HAD to have the full story.
Dean wakes  the next morning with a splitting headache. The sun was shining through his window and he groans as he grabs the pillow to cover his eyes. It takes a moment for his brain to focus through the pounding. "Shit!" he says sitting bolt up in bed as pieces of the night before came to him. He reaches over and picks up his phone calling Charlie.
"We're 17, 18 in less than two months, seniors in high school, and who cares what others say. We're just watching movies." Castiel said
"Yea, I guess I was." Cas sat up, realizing that he had a blanket covering him, he quirked an eyebrow at Dean.
Dean watched intently, frozen in place as Cas slides his legs from around the other Dean's waist. His hand slowly falling from his shoulder down over his stomach, his long fingers wrapping loosely around his erect cock. His future self turned and moved with Cas as he walked toward him. Dean could feel the blush creeping to his ears as the thoughts of what was about to happen ran through his mind.
"Ok Darla, go get your jacket, and let the dog out before we go." Dean said kissing his daughter on the head.
Dean kissed his mouth hard before moving his lips over his jawline, kissing and nipping his way down his neck to his collarbone, stopping a few times to suck deep remarks into his skin, pulling the dirtiest moans from Castiel, which only encouraged him to continue.
"No Cas, it's ok. I'm not really tired, still kind of wound up from the hunt. You are always welcome in my room. Even though I don't understand why you find my room more comfortable, yours is the exact same." Dean sat down on the edge of the bed.
There was a moment of silence in the car as they drove, heading back to Dean's place. Castiel was reveling in the peace that had some over him when he felt warmth on his hand. He snapped his head sideways looking down as Dean took his hand to his own. "I couldn't imagine sharing this night with anyone else. Thank you for coming along." Dean smiled giving Castiel a wink before turning his head back toward the road.
"She passed right out." Dean chuckled Castiel turned toward him, their faces mere inches apart. "Can I get you something to drink?"
When they got to the living room Dean pulled Castiel to a stop before the tree. His eyes flicking above their heads a smile dancing across his lips. "You know, mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it" Dean said, quoting one of his favorite movies.
Castiel laid back on the counter and let the sensations of Dean's magical fingers take over him. With every thrust Dean was hitting that bundle of nerves and Castiel wasn't sure how much longer he'd last if he kept that up. "Dean" he whined "More, please... more" Castiel pushed his ass back into Dean's hands and hissed when he felt a third and then a fourth finger thrust into him.
"You didn't have to stay, despite what you think, I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself. You should not feel any obligation to me or my well being. " Cas said in a low tone, hanging his head. Part of him was indeed very happy that Dean was here when he woke up, but another part of him wished he would have slipped out while he was still sleeping. Letting go, watching Dean leave him, that was going to be hard. Suddenly Cas felt a heaviness in his chest, and there was burning in his eyes. Great, he thought, I'm going to start crying. He took a deep breath, trying to keep his emotions under control. It was bad enough that Dean thought he couldnt take care of himself, the last thing he needed was for Dean to see him crying too. Cas wasn't used to all these emotions so easily overwhelming him.
Castiel smiled "Jimmy is a very greedy bottom, he would never top me. And I've only been with one other guy." he leaned in pressing his lips to Dean's ear and whispered "And while I loved making you my bitch, I wanna see if you can give as good as you get" he nipped at Dean's ear before stepping back, a mischievous grin spread across his lips.
"You can't stay cooped up in your apartment all the time. It's not healthy" My sister scolded. "And stop thinking about him, he's gone sweetie, and you need to move on. Your perfect someone is out there, but you'll never find him if you're holed up in that damn apartment all the time."
"No, Cas we really don't. It isn't something you should even bother yourself with. It's my burden to bare." Dean reached around and put his hand on the angel's and immediately regretted it.
"Well actually Dean, Cas is an angel, he's a celestial being, the whole gau/straight thing is merely physical. And while, no, I wouldn't say that sexually I am attracted to Cas, but there is more to love than just sex. Besides, maybe... I don't know... have you seen him? I mean those eyes alone are enough to make the straightest of straight men a little gay for him." Sam still was staring at his screen. Dean just gaped at him, dammit, Sam was right, everything he said was true. But still, Sam couldn't be in love with Cas...
When Dean's grip loosened, Castiel slowly pulled his mouth off of Dean's softening cock,  licking him clean, then licking his lips looking up at Dean with heavily lidded eyes. "Hello Dean" Cas said simply, as though Dean's dick wasn't still laying out mere inches from his face.
"Not until 7, but I like to go in early and get stuff done before." Cas looks out the passenger window, he doesnt want to tell Dean that he's been sleeping in the back room.
Castiel licks his lips and moves in even closer to Dean, their bodies almost touching in the dark corner. Dean hears him take a breath before speaking again. "You're gorgeous Dean and I want nothing more than to know what your mouth feels like on mine right now."
Castiel's heart leapt in his chest, he really had no interest in the whole church thing, but if it meant he got to spend more time with Dean, and Darla of course, then he would suffer through it. "I'd love to Dean." Castiel smiled.
"yea, this is our first Christmas eve and morning here. I'm excited to share it with her. And her having her own room here makes it easier too."
"Yes Dean. I told you, I knew how you felt about me. When I decided that it was time to confront our feelings for each other, I figured I should be prepared for whatever may come of our talk." Cas looked at Dean and his face flushed. "I'm sorry was that presumptuous of me?"
"Daddy, are we going to look at Christmas lights now?" Darla asked running circles around the two of them as they walked up the street to the car.
The kiss was brief but full of fire. "Cas" Dean growled "you need to stop doing things that make me want to eat you. Just being near you is hard enough, but when you bite your lip like that, and look at me with those beautiful blue eyes...  I...  Just... I dont know if I'm going to be able to control myself." Dean planted a softer kiss at the corner of his mouth.
A few minutes later, Dean walked out of the bathroom, with one towel wrapped around his waist and another in his hand drying his hair. Cas looked up at him, suddenly uncomfortable. Of course he had seen Dean without a shirt many times, he'd even seen him in just a towel before, but not since he became human. Dean was beautiful, Cas had always thought so, but now his body was reacting very suddenly in a way that he was not used to.
Dean shakes his head, "I'm going to do more than that " he says running his hand down Cas' body, pulling his leg up and he sits back. Dean grabs a small bottle of lube, seemingly from thin air and snaps the lid open, squirting a generous amount onto his cock, rubbing it all over before pressing his fingers into Cas with ease. Cas bites his lip holding back a moan. Dean's other hand grabs Cas' chin making him looks at him. "Dont' hold back, I want to hear you" he says crooking a finger and grazing Cas' prosatate for the first time.
So this story came about based on an old story I had written and decided to adjust and make it Destiel centric, with a little splash of Jimmy just for shits and giggles... I hope ya'll like it!
"Okay, maybe I had a little crush on him for the bulk of that time" He mumbles as he brings the beer to his mouth.
Dean smiled and reached his hand out to Cas's chest and gently touched his nipple, Cas' breath hitched and he looked down. "Looks like I'm not the only one with a few bruises" He bit his lip and looked up at Cas. "I marked you up good Angel. Now everyone will know you're mine." He said as he leaned in for a soft kiss.
Dean walked into the kitchen to find that Cas was standing at the sink washing dishes from their dinner. He smiled, taking a moment to watch him. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Dean still found it a little odd seeing him out of the suit and trenchcoat that he had worn for so many years. But he wasnt going to lie, Cas' ass looked amazing in a pair of jeans, and even though the tshirt was loose fitting, Dean was mesmerized more often than not watching his muscles move beneath the cotton. He stood there watching Cas for a few moments, before he noticed the soft singing, though he couldnt quite make out the words. He obviously knew what song Cas was singing, seeing as he only knew one.
When he turned back around he saw that Castiel had joined Meg on the dance floor. Thus far Dean had noticed the blue eyed man had resisted her trying to pull him to the floor, but now there they were. Meg grinding herself against Cas' thigh as she ran her fingers through his messy hair. Dean swallows thickly as he feels a twinge of jealousy starting to burn in his gut.
Dean nips at his lips, "uh-uh, you've got to earn those. I wanna hear you, how else am I going to know you're enjoying this?" Dean says running his thumb over Cas' nipple again.
Castiel tugged open Dean's jeans and saw much to his delight, that Dean was not wearing anything under them. He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth to hold back a moan. He'd been wanting to do this for awhile. Finding any excuse he could just to see Dean when he came into town. Maybe it was because Dean was distracted when he came in today, maybe it was simply because he couldn't wait anymore, but Cas was finally making a move. And oh what a move this was. He slowly licked his lips as he grabbed Dean's thick soft cock, pulling it free, without taking his eyes off Dean's he leaned forward swirled his tongue around the warm, soft, musky flesh before sucking him into his mouth. He heard a strangled gasp above him, and a beep as he watched Dean throw his head back and end the call. Dean tossed his phone to the desk and once again looked down at Cas, his hands now gripping the arms of the chair, still not saying a word. Castiel's lips pulled, as much as they could wrapped around Dean's hardening cock, into a smile. Without a complaint coming from the green eyed man, Castiel sucked hard as he pulled his head back, a loud wet popping noise filling the room as Dean's dick fell from his mouth. Dean moaned, which only served to encourage Castiel and his pink swollen mouth as he once again liked his lips before taking Dean in fully once more.
No music lyrics this time.... just a story that was inspired by some events that I just HAD to get out.
The gentle pressure of Dean's lips on his cock was almost too much and Castiel couldn't help the twitch of his hips,  seeking more contact.  Dean looked up,  running that delicious tongue over his lips again before hooking his fingers in the waistband of Castiel's briefs, slowly pulling the fabric down, exposing Castiel's throbbing cock a centimeter at a time until it sprang free so hard that it caught Dean in the face. The sudden contact of skin made Castiel's hips thrust again,  effectively shoving his dick into Dean's face.
Cas is a writhing moaning mess, Dean's name falling like a prayer off his lips, breath catching a little as Dean's fingers push into him.
"Does it feel good? hmm? You like your fat dick in my ass? Come on baby, tell me how much you like me riding your cock." Dean says letting out low dirty moans in Cas' ear.
"Mr. Winchester, please have a seat" Mr. McLeod said pointing to the chair in front of his desk. Dean sits down and waits for him to fill him in on what happened with Sam. Dean could hardly believe Sam would hit anyone, but being as he did, there must have been a damn good reason for it.
The gentle pressure of Dean's lips on his cock was almost too much and Castiel couldn't help the twitch of his hips,  seeking more contact.  Dean looked up,  running that delicious tongue over his lips again before hooking his fingers in the waistband of Castiel's briefs, slowly pulling the fabric down, exposing Castiel's throbbing cock a centimeter at a time until it sprang free so hard that it caught Dean in the face. The sudden contact of skin made Castiel's hips thrust again,  effectively shoving his dick into Dean's face.
"I dont' care Cas, I need you inside of me." Dean pushed down, the head of Cas' cock stretching him open. He hissed at the burn.
Castiel's eyes fluttered at the sensation of Dean's already hard dick pressing against his own. He bit his lip and moaned softly as Dean did it again... And again until Castiel's breath was coming quick and he in turn was grinding himself against Dean. "D... DEAN" he moaned with lips parted "I need you, please Dean, need you"
Castiel knew then that he wasn’t imagining the sound. The Impala could be heard roaring in the distance. And it was getting closer.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean implored, “this is crazy. There’s no way you’re gonna marry this girl. I don’t care how much money her family has.”
Just as Castiel’s father reached the car and was about to open the passenger door, Dean turned the ignition and they peeled off down the street towards the highway.
Soon enough, Dean walks in and takes the seat next to his. The producer follows in after and takes her seat next to the camera.
Castiel traces the condensation on his glass. He’s barely touched the beer since the barman set it down in front of him. To say he’s second guessing his decision to do this would be an understatement.
“Good. Now sort your face out and get back out there because you’ve been on the phone with me so long he’ll probably think you’ve got bowel issues.”
Looking down he could see the blond wisps of hair on his daughter’s head. The three-year-old had been determined to stay awake until midnight like everyone else but it seemed she’d been defeated by the sleep monster (which surprised absolutely no one).
They both knew that in all reality they’d be asleep before their heads hit the pillow. Leaving the new year to creep in while they are curled up together.
Dean braced himself back up onto his knees and gripped ahold of Cas' hips holding him tight as he slowly pulled almost compltely out rotated his hips and thrust back in hard. Cas' eyes went wild, and Dean knew he got the spot he was looking for. He repeated the process until Cas threw his head back gasping and was bucking his hips up to meet every thrust. Dean looked down and finally Cas was hard again. The hunter bit his lip smirking.
Dean licks his lips and swallows before nodding his head. "yes" he says, his voice low. Cas growls as he picks Dean up, flipping him over on the bed. He moves to his dresser, pulling out a cornflower blue tie before walking back to the bed. He straddles Dean's back, letting the fabric of the tie drag across his skin, Dean's body shudders. Cas knots the tie around each of Dean's wrists before tying it to the headboard, making sure that he can easily move his wrists around.
Dean wiped his hands over his face and slumped his shoulders a bit, turning to face Cas once again. "Dude, we were in full make out mode not even two minutes ago, and you're sitting there naked on the bed with... " Dean sighed, his eyes running down the length of Cas' body, resting for a moment on his erection, and then flicked back to meet Cas'. "And you're telling me you don't want more? I don't buy it."
Cas shyly looked down, "I ... I wasnt sure how much we would need, and I... I wanted to make sure we had enough." Dean chuckled lightly, dropped 4 of the bottles back on the coat and stood to head back to bed. He paused a moment and ran his eyes over Cas' body. He was laying propped to one side, braced on his arm so he could watch Dean. His skin was flushed and there were marks over his body from his jawline down to his hips. His beautiful cock was laying to one side, still soft, but perfect, and Dean couldn't help but wonder what it was going to feel like inside of him. His legs were spread slightly and Dean could see he was trembling with anticipation. He bit his lip, really taking in the sight of his angel.
Dean felt like he was in a dream, lost in the pleasure still surging through his body as they both lay there, riding their climaxes together. Reality crashing in as Cas stood up and backed away from him. Dean pushed himself up off the table, turning to face Castiel, who was zipping up his pants, and straightening his clothing, eyes cast to the floor. Dean bent down and pulled up his jeans, when he looked up again, Cas was looking at him.
"just... No, never mind. You sure you're okay?" Dean asks leaning in a little. His eyes flick to Sammy at the end of the table. "Something you want to talk to me about?"
Cas doesn't know what to do his hands frozen at his belt as his cock twitches at the sight of Dean in his room. "Dean?" he asks softly and Dean's eyes snap back up to meet his.
Cas lets out a strangled cry above him as Dean swallows around his delicious cock before pulling off again, his tongue sliding up his length and then teasing the tip. "I could worship this cock all day angel, it's just so perfect.
Pleasure ripped through his body as Dean slowly began thrusting into him. Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean's hips tightly, trying to pull him impossibly closer. "Fuck Dean, God your dick feels amazing. Fuck me, fuck me hard, please Dean, fuck me with your huge cock." Castiel breathed as Dean began fucking into him. He wrapped his arms around Dean, grabbing his ass, digging his fingers in, still trying to pull him in even closer. Dean shifted slightly and thrust hard, hitting his prostate, a scream ripped from Castiel's lips and filled the room "Fuck yea! Do that a... Aah.. Ahhhh!" Castiel screamed again as Dean continued to hit his prostate. "Dean, Oh dean" he began to chant as Dean fucked him into the counter, his legs and arms still wrapped round him, as though he was afraid Dean was going to float away.
Dean pulls his fingers free, his body sliding up Cas'. He places a hand into Cas' hair holding his head as he kisses him deeply before standing up off the bed.
Dean flicks his tongue over the head again before firmly gripping the base and taking him into his mouth in one quick motion, pulling back just as quickly with a gasp.
"Ok, why don't we order a plate of fries to share, soak up some of that alcohol in your stomach." Dean suggests.
Up until now he had let Dean steer this ride, but now he wanted a turn at the wheel. Dean froze above him as Castiel wrapped his arms firmly around Dean's torso holding him in place. He bent his knees, planting his feet firmly against the bed and began thrusting up into him like a wild rabbit. Dean was making noises that Castiel had never heard before, his eyes rolling back into his head and he fucked him. Using strength he didnt know he would still have, he flipped them over onto Dean's back. Dean instinctively wrapped his legs around Castiel's waist as he continued thrusting into him with wild abandon.
Dean smiled licking his lips "hell yea Cas." he said before pulling the angel in for a deep wet kiss.
"you ok Cas?" Dean said "That wasn't to forward of me was it?" His hold on him started to loosen as he went to back away.
Castiel licked his lips and nodded, still not trusting his voice. Dean smiled and walked to the kitchen. He stood there looking at the tree, admiring the handmade ornaments that Darla must have made over the years. He chuckled a little when he found one that Dean himself must have made when he was a child.
Dean shifted his body closer to Cas' running his hand over the ex angel's warm soft skin, his fingers splaying over his stomach, inching lower, seeking out the soft flesh below his waist line. He let out a soft moan kissing Cas' neck as his fingers wrapped lightly over Cas' soft dick. Cas' breath caught but he didn't wake, he never woke right away in Dean's dreams. It allowed Dean to take his time, showering affection over Castiel's warm flesh, before the heated desire over took him. Dean's fist languidly pumped his hardening cock as his own erection started to grow, pressing into Cas' ass. He let out another soft moan in Castiel's ear before nibbling on it gently.
He starts to pull away when he hears Dean sigh and feels his arms tighten around his back. "Cas" Dean's voice comes out almost as low moan. Cas lifts his eyes to Dean's again, and he can see something shift in them, the confusion and hesitation gone, replaced by something softer. Cas takes a chance and leans in, once again pressing his lips to Dean's and this time Dean kisses him back softly. His mouth opening easily when Cas moves his tongue across his lips again, meeting Cas with his own tongue and letting out a soft moan at the contact.
"Hey Cas." He walked up next to him and put his bowl into the dish water. "You know you don't always have to do the dishes Cas."
"Oh Cas..." Dean licked his swollen lips."You couldn't be more perfect." Dean smashed his lips into Cas again, and he met Dean's every move, hungrily.
"Please Cas.... fuck! I need you, Cas! Oh... ungh... I need you inside me!" Dean moaned and whimpered, his torso still splayed across the table.
"Cas, it is hard for me to imagine that you have any kind of problem taking what you want." Dean placed a soft kiss on his lips "and while I cannot honestly say what I would have said, if you came to me alone and told me that you wanted me. I will say that I would have wanted to say yes. And I will say that I have been craving these lips for a very long time." Dean ran his finger over Castiel's bottom lip before once again kissing him.
Castiel found himself looking forward to spending Sunday afternoons with little Dean Winchester, he was a good kid. And even though pie wasn't his favorite dessert to make, he found he didnt mind so much because it made Dean happy.
Cas licks around Dean's entrance, pressing in slowly with his tongue until Dean is moaning wildly above him. Cas pushes Dean's leg up, gaining easier access, slicking up a finger in his mouth before gently pressing it into him. He rather quickly is able to slide a second finger in as his tongue soothes over the stretched skin.
I have been thinking of this story for quite awhile, and while the basis is still there, it went a completely different way than I EVER intended it to. I ran into the problem of desperately wanting to give Dean and Cas this amazing time together, but being that it takes place during an episode, I had to hold to what was actually given to us, hence the reason we start literally in the episode. So as I was writing, I had to keep in mind what happens the morning after the scene I was trying to write. This is more difficult than I had imagined. I couldnt get myself to put it into words that they were actually together, knowing that they still aren't in the show.
Dean gasped again at the cool air that hit his throbbing cock, he spread his legs, allowing Jimmy room to fit between them as his hand grasped the base of Dean's cock and he licked the tip. "Oh God" he moaned tossing his head back, his hips thrusting his dick up into Jimmy's open mouth. Jimmy took Dean's length into his mouth expertly, his tongue running over the tip as he pulled up and off , panting, his lips red and swollen and spit slicked. "Fuck Jimmy!" Dean said leaning forward and grabbing the teens jaw pulling him in for a wet kiss, Dean's tongue tracing his lips before gliding over Jimmy's, pulling a moan from them both. Dean pulled away with a wet smack as he felt Castiel's hands running over his shoulders, pulling him back into him. Jimmy winked at his brother over Dean's shoulders and went back to work bobbing up and down on Dean's cock once again.
Dean licked his lips, a smirk pulling the corner of his mouth "Yea? what else did you learn from the pizzaman Cas?" he said teasingly.
The conversation was a little different today as Dean told Castiel about everything he was going to miss about Lawrence. And about his nervousness about moving, and starting a new school, and how Sammy was going to handle the the move, though he supposed being that same was only 9, that he would adjust a little easier.
The second half I've it happened, it really wasn't his fault. Sam and Dean had arrived at the scene of a rather gruesome death. After showing the local authorities their identification, they were let through the door to the room where the bloody body was.  Cas was already there, talking with the local sheriff when he noticed them walk in. Sam and Dean walked over to him as the sheriff walked away. After a quick greeting Castiel filled them in on what the sheriff believed was the cause of death, turning with Sam to look at the body, and 'WHOOF' suddenly Dean had a face full of feathers. He reached his hands up to push them away, feeling the small tingles of electricity as he did so.  Mesmerised once again but the magnificence of them, the quick scramble turned into soft petting, letting his fingers run deeply through the plumage down to the arching bone once more, feeling the warmth and vibration as he tightened his fingers. He wondered how this felt to Cas, and also briefly wondered if anyone else could see how amazing his wings were. He couldn't always see them, but every now and then there they were. It suddenly dawned on him that he was talking an awful long time running his fingers through the silver feathers. He looked around the room, but no one even seemed to notice. Dean felt a small shudder run through the wings and he quickly let go, taking a step back. The sounds of the room flooded his ears as Sam and Cas turned around to face him. Curiosity began to bloom as he noticed the pink flush to Castiel's ears again. 'interesting' he thought, a playful notion came to mind as he wondered just how much Cas could take of this.
Cas gasps, mouth gaping at the intrusion. Dean hold still a moment, letting him adjust. He can feel Cas twitching around his finger, and his cock jumps with jealousy. As soon as he feels Cas start to relax, he begins moving his finger, slowly in and out, eliciting soft moans and gasps from Castiel's lips. He pushes all the way in and wiggles his finger around, and Cas squirms, pushing back on his hand as if trying to get even more of him inside, Dean takes this cue and slips in another finger, scissoring them, opening Cas up. As Dean works his fingers in and out of Cas, nuzzling into his neck, Cas' breath is getting ragged and his hips start moving into his fingers, slowly setting the pace.
"How's that feel baby? Hmmm" Dean whispered leaning over him and kissing his chest, fingers still expertly thrusting in and out of him.
Dean chuckled, letting out a sigh of relief. "Yea Cas, we can listen to it again. Or we can listen to something else, Led Zeppelin is my favorite band, I have all of their songs, we can listen to more than just one of them."
Dean pushes the door closed behind him and takes a bold move toward Cas, and Cas is certain this must still be a dream, but people who are dreaming don't know that they are dreaming right? Dean is taking another step toward him, and Cas feels his heart racing in his chest. "Cas... Can I ..." He says softly coming to a stop before him, tongue flicking over his lips as he one again looks down at Cas' hands on his belt.
"Sam, you are not in love with Cas. What are you even talking about? You're straight, you've never even looked sideways at a man before, let alone Cas!" Dean exasperated, he closed his laptop, not needing the distraction of it right now. He was going to get to the bottom of this confession. There was no way that Sam had fallen for Cas, he just couldn't. Sure, he thought, Cas was an attractive man, and Sam was right, he was a good, if not sometimes misguided, person... uh... Angel. And it wasn't like Cas was unlovable... he was very lovable. he just wasn't Sam's kind of lovable, at least not THAT way.
"Castiel!" Darla cried out when she saw him through the living room doorway. He smiled taking off his shoes and walked into the living room. The tree in the corner was beautiful, Dean had the yule log with holiday music playing on the large flatscreen hanging on the wall.
"Merry Christmas Dean. " Castiel said taking another step back. He felt that if he didn't leave now, he may end up doing something he'd regret. Though he really really didn't want to leave.
Dean moaned wrapping his arm around Cas' waist and pulled him in closer, pressing his lips to Cas' collarbone. "The cleaning up part, is just an excuse for the warm water, and shower sex." he murmers against his skin, the warm water still beating down his back.
"I guess so. I really don't want to move. But Dad says we have to. I thought I was going to be ok, but" Dean huffed a heavy sigh "Nah, I'm ok, its just a little harder than I thought it was going to be. Is my pie ready?" Dean brushed away the tears and forced a smile at Castiel.
Cas hummed in protest. "Dean, we dont have to go anywhere, I can clean us up. " He said lifting his hand above them.
"Just lost in thought I guess, did you need something?" Cas asks, he feels a light blush filling his cheeks as he realizes the dull ache he's feeling is his own erection.
"It's nothing Cas. Seriously dude, don't even worry about it." Dean turned, finally breaking away from Cas, as he went to step away he felt Cas grab his left shoulder, and the mark that was there under his shirt tingled.
Dean was looking at the floor, unable to keep eye contact with Cas as he had moved closer to him. There was a long silence that hung heavy in the air. Cas got off the bed, and took Dean's hand in his. "Dean, I need you. I don't think you will ever understand how much I just need you in my life. Please stay with me tonight." Cas sighed, lifting Dean's hand to his mouth and placing a soft kiss there. "I'm going to take a moment in the bathroom, and get dressed. I hope that you will still be here when I come out, but I will understand if you decide to go. Thank you for everything you have helped me with." Cas let go of Dean's hand, walked over to the table and grabbed the bag with the new cloths Dean had picked up for him.
He swooped down gathering her into his arms and lifting her up. "I sure do! It means you owe me a kiss!" he teased, sending her into another giggling fit. She puckered her lips and gave him a big wet smack on the cheek. "Well that just might be the best kiss I've had in quite some time" he said, putting her back down giving her a wink.
Cas doesn't know what to do his hands frozen at his belt as his cock twitches at the sight of Dean in his room. "Dean?" he asks softly and Dean's eyes snap back up to meet his.
"More than okay Dean. I love you, more than I could ever tell you when I was an Angel, and since I lost my grace, all these human emotions that came flooding in, only made my love for you more intense. But with it came the self doubt. I never believed you could want me like this." He explains.
A request from IG||@superwho_phanlover based on some pretty hot Destiel fan art with Dean and Future!Destiel... I hope I've done the pic justice, and I hope ya'll like it!
please forgive spelling and or grammer errors...I was excited about finishing this and wanted to share!
"Thanks, but I'm afraid the church may burn down if I step foot in. I'd hate to ruin Christmas for everyone." Castiel chuckled.
When he pulled up in front of Dean's apartment, he took a moment to calm his nerves. He and Dean had known each other for years, but it was only recently that Castiel had begun developing feelings that were more romantic in nature. It had started when he stopped by for a quick visit and Dean was getting ready for work. Castiel didn't know exactly what it was, but when Dean had taken off his sweatshirt, and his white t-shirt had risen up a little revealing the smooth tan skin on his stomach, it had brought forward a strong desire to slam him against the wall and kiss him silly. He had quickly excused himself after that, but he hadn't been able to stop thinking about him. even having vivid dreams about Dean coming over to his apartment so that Castiel could make dinner for him.
"Hello Dean." Dean whipped around in his chair and saw Cas standing there. He hadn't even heard him come in, but there he was, standing not even 3 feet from him in that damn tan coat of his. His face expressionless, but his eyes softly looking at him.
Castiel threw himself back on the bed, no longer having control of his body. Dean popped Castiel's dick out of his mouth, an gripped it with his hand, working it just as fast as his mouth had. with his other hand he pushed up on Castiel's thigh, exposing the tight ring of muscle that was there. Castiel didn't even have time to think about what was going to happen next as Dean worked his tongue over his sensitive hole. Pushing at the tight ring until he gained entrance, and Castiel once again let out a cry of pleasure that filled the room. He could feel himself getting dangerously close, and he didnt want to come yet.
"mmmm ... Dean.... Ah! you feel so good, I like the way you fuck me.... I can't wait to fuck you... mmmm ma... mmmmm make you feel this good..." Cas moaned out in between ragged breaths....
Dean was the only person who could make him feel safe, even when the world was literally falling apart around them. And especially now that Cas no longer had his grace and was vulnerable in ways he never was before. And even though Dean had kicked him out of the bunker after rescuing him from April without so much as an explanation. Dean was the only reason Cas got up everyday and trudged forward with his now seemingly meaningless, mundane life as a sales associate at the Gas n Sip.
Cas was about to ask Dean where he was taking him, when the car slowed and turned left, Cas looked up and saw they were pulling into a motel parking lot. Neither of them said a word as Dean pulled into a parking spot and got out of the car, walking toward the door marked OFFICE. Cas watched him through the window as he talked to the young woman behind the desk, and kept his eyes on him as he came back out glancing down the building and then got back in the car. Still not a word was said as Dean moved the car down the lot and parked directly outside room 9.
"Look man..." Dean started before being pushed up against the wall. He was over come with panic thinking for a moment that this had been a mistake, clearly this guy was pissed and... but suddenly those beautiful perfect full lips were on his and all the panic he had felt fled as he melted into the kiss. When blue eyes pulled back Dean looked at him in wonderment and all he could manage was a breathy "wow"
When Dean walked into Mr. McLeod's office, he felt the older man run his eyes over him. Dean was used to it, he was what most people considered "pretty".
Dean feels his dick twitch, Cas really wanted to take both of them? at the same time? When he looks from Cas to himself, the look on his face convinces him that inside Cas is exactly where he needs to be. Dean spits in the palm of his hand reaching down slicking his cock before gripping the base firmly, sliding in closer. He slowly presses the head against Cas' stretched hole and his own cock. -God if he let himself think about this he'd never go through with it-
"Cas, I'm..." Dean starts, and then looks over Cas' shoulder as though trying to distance himself from the situation at hand. He sighs heavily before looking back at Cas. "I'm sorry, I can't do this. I just can't." Dean shifted, nudging Cas gently. Cas moved off him and sat on the bed, one leg pulled up to him and just watched Dean stand and walk toward the center of the room. Cas knew Dean well enough to be able to read his body language. He knew that Dean was feeling overwhelmed with everything that was going on, and he was having a hard time processing this.
" you shouldn't touch me like that Dean" Castiel stopped right before Dean, his blue eyes burning into him
Castiel pounded into him relentlessly until Dean was moaning and muttering senseless words under him. Cas could feel Dean start to clench around him "I'm gonna.... oh god Cas.... I'm gonna...." Dean panted "Oh GOd CAS! FUCK" Dean screamed as his orgasm hit.
She giggled again before running over to Dean and grabbing his hand, pulling him off the couch and toward Castiel. "Now it's your turn daddy. You gotta give Castiel a kiss too!" Castiel felt his face flush, and was surprised to see color rising in Dean's cheeks as well. "C'mon you gotta, its the rules"
Dean moved further down, lips softly grazing over Cas' ribs, to the soft skin on his stomach, he could feel it quivering beneath his lips and he kissed it, and slowly ran his hand to Cas' back pulling him up further into his mouth. He groaned as he felt Cas buck his hips up toward him, his hard cock jabbing him in the chest. "Oh Cas, be patient, I'm getting there baby. " He said into the soft flesh, his other hand moving down to Cas' hips pushing him back into the bed, and Cas let out an impatient sigh.
This pie was different though, this pie was a going away pie. John had gotten a really good job offer and the family was moving away. Castiel was sad, he was going to miss the Winchesters, he had become pretty good friends with John and Mary, and of course he was going to miss Dean coming over and begging for his pie.
"oh, shit" Dean gasped and Castiel let go of his hands, shoving Dean's chest into the bed and thrusting hard and fast into him. The sound of skin slapping skin filling the room along with Dean's moans and Castiel's heavy breathing. Castiel took a deep breath and leaned back down, taking Dean's mouth again, their tongues tangling together as he continued to thrust into him. Breaking the kiss, Castiel leaned back, gripping his lower back for leverage as he slowly pumped into Dean's tight ass.
"I'm sorry Dean, I... I don't know what came over me. It... it won't happen again." Cas said, turning away from him and heading toward the stairs.
Dean cocked an eye brow "I can think of many things I'd like to do now. But you may have to give me a little time to be up to the task" He winked.
Castiel couldn't help but chuckle to himself every time he heard the knock on the door, it had all become so routine. Dean would come over, and get straight to work doing little odd cleaning jobs around the house while Castiel worked in the kitchen, making the dough and filling for Dean's pie. And though he had no doubt Dean could have eaten the whole pie to himself Castiel was insistant that he share the pie with his family.
Suddenly Castiel felt a rush of anxiety that he hadn't expected. What was it that he had told Dean when he had confessed his adoration for Castiel the day the Winchesters left for California? We'll discuss this again in 6 years? Was that why Dean was here today? Did he still have feelings for him. Castiel shook his head, that was silly. It had been 6 years, Dean had gone through puberty and grown into a man now. surely he wasn't still holding a torch for his geeky neighbor from when he was only 14 years old.
Cas bit his lip and moved his hand to Dean's shoulder, pausing for a brief moment on the mark, causing a wild shock through his body. He then ran his hand down the length of Dean's arm to his hand and took a hold of it, gently moving it further down, past his cock, over his testicles, slowly over the stretch of skin between them and his tight puckered hole. Cas stopped, pressing Dean's fingers against the tight warm flesh there, and pushed his hips up to meet them.
The three of them move together, moaning, Cas chanting Dean's name encouraging Dean to thrust deeper and harder into him, one hand wrapping around Cas' throat, the other wrapped around his stomach holding him as his other self holds his thighs tightly. They all pant and moan together as Dean feels himself racing to the edge, a deep heat pooling in his stomach as he licks and bites on Cas' ear.
When he reached Dean's room he saw the clothes that he had left laying on the bed. Castiel sat down on the edge of the bed for a moment. Trying to wrap his head around the events of the last 12 hours. When he had stopped by last night, he hadn't thought that he would be still here in the morning, let alone everything else that had happened, and most certainly not the promise of what was yet to come this day. He felt his heart swell in his chest, he didn't know that this was what he wanted. Dean, yes, of course he wanted Dean. Those feelings had been developing for awhile, but he thought they were purely physical. Dean was a gorgeous specimen, those green eyes and those perfect lips. The way his tongue rested just behind his slightly parted teeth when he smiled... Oh and those crinkles around his eyes... Not to mention, the man has an amazing ass... Castiel sighed. But these other feelings revolved around Dean as a dad. The way he was when Darla was around, so open and loving. That little girl was his everything, and now he was sharing that part of his life with Castiel. Waking up this morning and sharing in the joys of Christmas morning with them. That was more than he could have hoped for, and he would be lying if he said he wasn't hoping for many more years of it.
"No Castiel, you can't sit there. " Darla said once the movie was in "Here daddy" she said taking Dean's hand and leading him to the couch "You sit here" Dean sat down at the end of the couch where Darla had pointed. "Now Castiel, you sit here" she pointed to the spot on the couch next to Dean" Castiel looked at Dean who just shrugged, then he scooted down the couch. "No, closer. I want to sit on both of your laps, come on Castiel scoot closer, daddy won't bite"
Cas has moved a little closer and when the chorus plays for the third time, Cas catches Dean face in his hand, tilting it toward his and starts singing, just loud enough that Dean can hear, "That you will be mine, by taking our time." Cas leans in and brushes his lips against Dean's. When Dean's lips part in a soft gasp, Cas presses into him, running his tongue along his bottom lip.
"Mmmm yea... I love that" Dean says kissing him deeply. He runs his hands down, letting out a low moan as he feels the fishnets encasing Cas' gorgeous thighs. "So many things I want to do to you baby." he says against his lips.
A sudden wave of pleasure overcame him and this time it was he who moaned. "Fuck Cas, what was that?" Dean asked once he trusted his voice.
*Blue, a bright blue that creeps in slowly, taking over everything I see. There's a slight flutter in my stomach, a shiver runs up my spine as my heart begins to race. The air in the room thickens and it becomes hard to breathe. 'Focus' I tell myself, willing my heart to stop trying to break out of my chest. A bead of sweat breaks out on my brow as the blue looks my way, blood rushing to my ears as they set on fire. For a moment I lose everything, staring back into the blue. I swallow thickly, startled back to reality as a bell rings and other colors come flooding in. The air thins, I can breath again and my heart settles back into its rhythmic 'thump thump' as I regain control.*
"Are you just gonna stand there and stare at me all day, or are you gonna get over here and fuck me?" Castiel scooted back on the counter a little and pulled his legs up, exposing his wet and ready hole. "Its all yours Dean." he said as he ran his own hand between his leg pushing two fingers into his ass, throwing his head back with a moan.
"Now, that's better" Dean said standing at the edge of the bed looking down once again at his angel. "Cas, baby I could just stand here and look at you forever." Dean said biting his lip.
"I'm sorry, you what!?" Dean asked his voice cracking just a touch, still in shock at Sam's profession of love for the angel.... HIS angel.
Dean felt the pooling of heat deep in his stomach as Castiel pounded into in, hitting his prostate like a pro. "Ungh, Cas.... I'm gonna... aaaahhhhh!" Dean cried out as thick white streaks painted the floor beneath him.
"Alright then, why don't you come on over and sit on the bed, I'll grab my ipod" Dean chuckled as Cas tilted his head in that adorable way he always did when he didnt understand something. He explained as best he could so Cas would understand what it was, as he walked over to his dresser and grabbed it and the ear buds that he hated. But it would be very difficult for both of them to ear one set of headphones. He made a mental note to pick up a docking station.
Dean killed the engine and got out, Cas kept his eyes on him as he walked behind the car and popped the trunk, grabbed his over night bag and then walked up, pausing beside the passenger door. He rapped on the window and motioned for Cas to follow as he continued to the door of the motel room. Cas hesitantly got out of the car and followed Dean, reaching him just as he opened the door and walked into the small room. Dean flicked the light on beside the one queen size bed, which Cas eyed and quizzically looked at Dean.
It wasn't long before Dean was knocking at Castiel's door begging him to make him another pie. "Please Mr. Novak!" Dean's green eyes looked up at him and sparkled, his voice cracking. How could he refuse this adorable boy with the freckles sprinkled across his nose.
After a while, Cas' tears subside and when he feels calm he leans back and looks up at Dean. His heart thuds loudly in his chest as he admires Dean from this angle, and the kindness in his eyes. Cas watches as Dean's tongue flicks across his lips, it happens all so suddenly, Cas hasn't even had time to think, but suddenly his lips are pressed against Dean's, his tongue searching out the taste of him. He feels Dean tense up slightly beneath him, but Cas doesnt relent. This may be his only chance to taste him, to know what Dean feels like in his arms. Dean's leaving him again anyway, so what the hell.
"I think I might be in love with Cas." Dean's eyes snapped up to look at his brother as he tried to process the words that had just come out of Sam's mouth. They were sitting at the table in the library in the bunker.
"I... I didnt have any. And I thought I probably should be wearing something with Sam sleeping in the other bed."
Cas had felt him every time he silently yearned for the angel. Every stolen look, every thought that had crossed his mind. The adoration that Dean held onto for Cas, he had experienced it all with him. Had always wanted to share it with him, but had to wait, wait for Dean to realize that they both needed it. Cas had tried to show him, tried to let him know that he wasn't alone in his affections. But Dean, always down on himself wouldn't see it, or rather wouldn't allow himself to believe that it could be true. That Cas could possibly want him the way he wanted him, oh but he did. Cas thought about him just as much as Dean did the angel, wanted to know what it would be like to kiss him, to touch him, to taste him.
Castiel thought for a moment, he really had no plans and couldn't think of anywhere he'd rather be. "I'd love to stay Dean."
"Nope, it's alright, I'll take your word for it." They walked to the counter where Jimmy processed the movie. "Will you be working tomorrow, or will Cas?" Dean inquired.
Castiel sighed "Ok" he said, sitting up "Let's go" he pulled Dean with him off the counter and they walked passed their cloths strewn over the floor, there'd be time for them to pick up later. Right now the shower was calling their name.
"Hello Dean" he says and Dean swallows hard, taking in the sight of him. His eyes trail up from the floor catching sight of the black high heeled pumps he's wearing, to the black fishnets stretched around his amazing long muscular legs clear up to his thighs where they are being held in place by the garters from the black corset that was wrapped tightly around Cas' torso. The tip of Cas' hard cock was peeking out the top of the pair of lacy black panties he was wearing.
His mind wandered to thoughts of what Dean looked like standing in the shower, white soap suds running over his firm tan body. His breath hitched as his hand moved over his stomach, down to his increasingly hard dick. He wouldn't lie, he had found himself absently touching his own member quite frequently after that night with April. Even though she had killed him the next morning, she had shown him how wonderful sexual pleasure was. He had never fully understood it before that night. He would further admit, if only to himself, that more often than not, it was Dean's face that he saw when he imagined being with someone. It was the thought of Dean now, imagining him in this shower with him, the image of what he looked like when he came out of the bathroom, that had made his member grow with desire.
Dean smiled, "This is what I meant. Sam can't have you cuz I need you Cas, you're mine." he pulled their bodies closer together "Now what do you say we take this to my bedroom and do it again, and this time we'll loose the cloths." he said running his hand up Cas' body, catching him by the collar of his trench coat "Well maybe we'll keep the coat." he said with a wink.
Dean grabs Cas' shoulder flipping him around, his chest slamming into the wall and even though Cas has turned his head to the side, he cannot see Dean behind him, can no longer feel his touch. "Don't move" Dean growls as he tries turning his head more, a chill of anticipation running through his body. It seems like an eternity before he hears anything, and when he does, its the unmistakable click of a bottle being opened. Cas bites his lip to hold back the moan that builds in him. Another eternity passes as Cas waits the 30 seconds for Dean to touch him, and when he does Cas can no longer hold in the moan. Dean's cool, lube slicked fingers run over his opening, pushing into him with ease. Cas' body adjusts to the intrusion quickly, his ass pushing back onto his fingers greedily in no time. Which only serves to elicit a delicious laugh from Dean in his ear. Cas whimpers at the sudden loss of Dean's fingers, but doesn't have to wait long before he feels the hand one hand on his hip pulling him back, as the other hand pushes down on his back so he's braced against the wall with his ass sticking out. Cas once again tries to look back at Dean and feels a harsh smack on his ass when he does. A surge of pleasure and pain runs through his body and he's not sure how he's able to keep standing as his knees wobble. Suddenly Dean's touch is gone again, but before he can protest, Cas feels the tip of Dean's cock pressing into him, and nothing else in the world matters except this. The light burning pinch of his puckered hole stretching around Dean's thick cock sends chills through his body, and its too much and not enough all at the same time. He doesn't realize he isn't breathing until Dean slides all the way into him and he lets the air that's burning in his lungs out. Dean holds himself still, his thick cock filling him completely, but when Cas rolls his hips, Dean sets a brutal pace. Thrusting in and out of him with such force that Cas' fingers grasp at the wall for purchase, his chest slamming into the wall over and over. The hand on his hip grips him tightly, and Cas smiles knowing there will be bruises left for him to admire. Dean's other hand moves up his back into his hair, pulling his head back, his mouth licking and sucking on Cas' ear as he pants heavily. "Cas" Dean's ragged voice says as he almost viciously fucks him against the wall, making him bite his lip holding onto his orgasm. "Cas" he hears again, the passion leaving his voice, being replaced with concern and a hint of irritation. "CAS!"
He walks by Cas' cabin, his angel had fallen so far Dean could hardly recognize the man he had become. His carefree attitude...the drugs... the sex... oh god the sex. Dean couldn't wrap his mind around the sex. And when he did think about it... all he could think about was how Cas would look laying naked on the bed. His body loose and willing, waiting for his partner to join him in the bliss of joining their bodies. The way Cas would sound as his partner kissed down his muscular body, the feel of his skin under Dean's hands as he moved down.... Wait what.... Dean shook his head, trying to clear his mind of the images, but he could still hear Cas moaning in his head.  There was something stirring inside him that he hadn't allowed himself to acknowledge before, and he couldn't shake it. He pushed off the wall he had been leaning against, needing to get away, desperately wanting to clear his mind of the images of Cas writhing beneath him, when he realized that he wasn't just imagining the sounds. Someone was inside his cabin with him, someone was making him moan like that, beautiful dirty little moans, and all at once he was incredibly jealous.
"Thanks, but I'm afraid the church may burn down if I step foot in. I'd hate to ruin Christmas for everyone." Castiel chuckled.
********************************************************************************************************************
Castiel couldn't help the gasp that escaped his lips, as Dean's fingers found and pressed against the tight ring of muscle. He also couldn't help the movement of his hips as he pressed back into his hand, seeking more pressure. Dean licked his lips "mmmm, you like that Mr. Novak? Wanna see what else I can do?" Dean's mouth covered Castiel's once again, their tongues twisting around each other, pulling a moan from deep within Dean's chest. There was a loud sloppy smack when Dean broke the kiss again, pulling his hand out of his pants as well. He licked his lips before sucking his fingers into his mouth and let out a dirty moan, grinding his hips further into Castiel, shoving him harder against the wall. "Oh God, Mr. Novak. I was right." Castiel couldn't take his eyes off Dean's tongue as he swirled it around his fingers."You taste amazing, I could just eat you. Would you like that Mr. Novak? hmmm... You want me to eat you?" Dean pulled his fingers out of his mouth and placed them at Castiel's lips. "Or would you rather eat me Mr. Novak?"
On his way home from work each night, he would stop by the little locally owned video store in town to rent a movie. It was a quaint store with fairly good selection. After a brief talk with the owner about 8 months ago, they had begun bringing in a wider variety of independent films, which were his favorite. During his visits to the store, he was surprised to find the young man, Castiel who typically worked evenings, also had quite interesting taste in film. Some evenings he would find an hour or more had passed as they spoke passionately about the movie industry. After a time, he found himself making a little more time to go in early to pick out his movie and have their nightly discussion. Castiel began recommending movies and the following night they would discuss what he thought and sometimes debate the quality of acting, directing and storyline or some other aspect. Most times they agreed, however, occasionally he would recommend a film that Dean thoroughly disliked and most times, those were the best conversations. He often found himself smiling all the way home as the conversation replayed in his mind his mind often wandering to the passionate look on Castiel's face, they way those bright blue eyes would light up. His rough voice passing through those perpetually chapped lips, that Dean couldn't help but stare at every chance he got. "Stop it" Dean chided himself, "He's too young, you perv" And he pushed the thoughts away.
Dean let out a gasp of air and a smirk spread across his lips. "Cas, you kinky bastard." Dean pressed himself up against Cas as he pulled his head down into him for a kiss. "Please..." he whispered softly against his mouth. "Cas, I would love it if you tied my hands. " He let out a moan as Cas ran his own hands up the length of Dean's arm grabbing his wrists and forcing them above his head.
Cas lifts his eyes and looks into Dean's face, concern written all over it. He can't say the words, so he simply nods.
"First things first tiger,  we don't want you going off again just yet" he said reaching under Dean sliding the cock ring into place.  Dean groans,  hitching his hips into Cas' touch,  which warrants another harsh slap on his ass.  "greedy boy" Cas chides him as he smacks him again, Dean moaning even louder.
I sat in our favorite booth at the back of the diner, my back to the door as I check my email. My phone buzzes in my hand as a message comes in from my sister.
Cas moves quickly up to Dean and grabs his hand with the remote in it. "No Dean, please, let it play. I want to listen to it with you again." Cas looks at Dean with pleading eyes.
Castiel chuckled "Yea, I like hearing you call out my name." he grabbed Dean's ass and dug his fingers in. "And your ass is perfect."
It took Castiel a moment to realize where he was when he opened his eyes. He was laying alone on the couch with a blanket draped over him. Darla was sitting on the floor in front of the tree staring in awe at the gifts that now surrounded it.
Dean stepped forward and grabbed his arm, turning him back around. "Cas, wait. what do you mean you're sorry?" Dean searched the Angel's face "You have nothing to be sorry for, that was.... awesome"
"I hoped you'd like it" he says uncrossing his legs and standing. He grabs a box with a a bow on it "I have something for you" he says handing it to Dean.
Dean smiled as he approached him, and Cas could see a wet cloth in his hand. "Here," Dean said as he reached for Cas' hand. "We kind of made a mess." Dean gently cleaned the sticky drying cum off Cas' hand, and he felt a small sense of loss. He liked it, liked that he had caused Dean such pleasure that his cum had spilt over him.
He grabbed ahold of Cas' cock and started pumping his fist matching every thrust he made into Cas' tight ass. Castiel was biting his lip so hard that it was starting to bleed. Dean leaned forward taking his mouth into his again, tongue running over his lip and lapping up the blood...."Ungh Cas, does that feel good baby?" Dean gasped as he thrust harder and harder into him.. "Hmmm, baby, do you like the way I fuck you?"
Dean's left panting when he pulls away, and finally manages to find his voice. "not cats... but it seems like Cas likes it." He says with a smile.
“We are just in another room, same Motel, but we need to talk, and I didn’t think you’d want Sam to be around for it.” Cas took two steps toward him.
"Dean" Castiel said, catching Dean's chin and forcing him to look at him "I will never bore of you. Even if we could never have sex, I would still want to be with you, you have to know that."
Dean sat in his Creative Writing  class, regretting the subject matter of his current paper. When Mrs. Moseley had first given them the assignment 'Write about an emotion', he thought it was just going to be another story he would add to his portfolio, however when they got to class that morning, she informed them that they would be sharing them with the whole class. His heart was racing in his chest, why did he have to leave his folder with all his other stories in is locker. He would have much rather turned in a sub standard story then to have the one in his hands shared with the entire class. Especially since the very inspiration of the story was sitting in the class not ten feet away from him.
"No" Castiel interrupted "you don't have to explain. I completely understand, Darla is number one priority." he smiled and touched Dean's hand.
"I was foolish to think he'd know who I was" I later told my sister. "He's so gorgeous though, I want him... I need him..." I heaved a heavy sigh and threw my head down on the table at the diner in which we were having coffee.
Castiel bit his lip, holding back a moan "Then you may have me on the kitchen counter" Castiel ran his hand down Dean's chest and let it rest on his hip for a moment, before pushing him backward. "But first, breakfast and spending the morning with Darla." Castiel took back control of his resolve that Dean was very efficiently melting a moment ago. "Now, get out of my kitchen and let me cook."
Dean's hands run along Cas' back as the kiss deepens, and Cas feels him grip his hips as Dean pulls him into his body. Cas breaks the kiss throwing his head back and moaning at the increased friction he feels, grinding his hips down into Dean, reveling in the amazing sensation. Dean takes the opportunity to plant soft kisses on his neck, licking and biting any skin he can get his mouth on. Cas bites his lip before taking Dean's mouth with his again, plunging his tongue into his mouth greedily as he rolled his hips into Dean, his hardening dick rubbing against the crotch of Dean's jeans.
Dean made quick work of removing his and Castiel's shirts,  unable to resist the skin to skin contact he pushed into him once again,  his lips working over the newly exposed skin. Castiel was coming apart beneath him. His own hands running over Dean's warm muscular body,  fingers digging in as Dean worried his nipple between his teeth. The boy definitely knew how to use that beautiful mouth of his.
"I don't care about our ages Mr. Novak. I think I am in love with you. I don't want anyone new, I just want you." Dean set the bag down and moved in closer to Castiel, he stood about chest high and he wrapped his arms around Castiel and pulled him into a hug.
"I have my ways." Castiel winked at him, not realizing that Dean was being serious, but when he continued to look at him with question in his eyes, Castiel continued " I wen straight to the source." he paused "you silly. I asked you a few weeks ago. You told me what books she likes." he laughed.
" excuse us Sam." Castiel said quickly before suddenly transporting them to the room Sam and Dean had rented for the evening.
"It's perfect.... you're perfect" Dean says taking a step closer to him, his hand catching Cas' ankle before sliding farther up his leg.
Dean shifted his body closer to Cas' running his hand over the ex angel's warm soft skin, his fingers splaying over his stomach, inching lower, seeking out the soft flesh below his waist line. He let out a soft moan kissing Cas' neck as his fingers wrapped lightly over Cas' soft dick. Cas' breath caught but he didn't wake, he never woke right away in Dean's dreams. It allowed Dean to take his time, showering affection over Castiel's warm flesh, before the heated desire over took him. Dean's fist languidly pumped his hardening cock as his own erection started to grow, pressing into Cas' ass. He let out another soft moan in Castiel's ear before nibbling on it gently.
Dean's hand moved to the blue tie around Cas' neck and slowly started loosening it his mouth never leaving the angel's. His hands jerked gently as the tie gave way and he quickly made work of the buttons on the white shirt. It was the last layer between them. And Dean needed to feel Cas' skin on his, needed the warmth  of his body to meld with his. He moved his mouth from Cas' leaving him gasping, and ran his lips over the stubble of his chin, even in his fantasies he couldn't imagine how wonderful that felt. The roughness on his over sensitive swollen lips. His tongue ran over the skin on Cas' neck and licked up the salty earthy taste of him. Licking and sucking his way down to Cas' collarbone running his teeth alone the stretch of skin there.
Dean's eyes were wide with shock and awe at the move Cas just made, the power had definitely shifted, and Cas took complete delight in that, leaning down to take Dean's lips between his teeth and biting gently in a show of dominance. "Oh Cas, you make me all tingly when you take control like this. Tell me baby, what are you going to do to me?"
"I know Cas' I was just taking a moment to thank him. Without him, I wouldn't be able to have you like this right now." He knelt down with his knee between Cas' legs and kissed him.
"Dean, ngh, I never ....fuck you're so tight..." Cas murmurs as he wraps his fingers around Dean's cock.
Dean leaned back, arms on Cas' shoulders again and looked into his eyes. He leaned in and ran his tongue over Castiel's lips, slowly and softly wetting them, before pushing further into his mouth and pressing their lips together in their first kiss. Dean moved his hands up to either side of Cas' face and held him there as his tongue pushed and probed, in his mouth.
Cas lifted an eyebrow, but stayed where he was. Dean huffed, and turned back to the shower and got in, warm water cascading over his body, washing away the sticky reminisce of the cum on his body. He felt a little sad that the evidence was gone, but he hated the sticky feeling, and knew it wouldnt be the last time he and Cas would be together. There was definitely more to come, and if Cas would just get his ass in the shower with him, they could have more now.
Dean smiled, running his tongue over Castiel's nipples and then down his body. He gently kissed the tip of his cock, which twitched eagerly at the contact. Dean growled hungrily before grabbing the base of it with his free hand and taking the head into his mouth. When a whole new sound of desperation escaped Castiel's lips, Dean took him into his mouth fully, and a little too eagerly, his eyes watered as he choked around Castiel's cock. "Damn Cas, you make that look so easy"
He shook his head, pushing away the memory of those first few nights after he left the bunker. He stripped his cloths off and walked to the shower, turning it on as hot as he could stand it. This was something that he did enjoy about being human, showers. He loved the way the water felt running over his body, how his muscles would relax under the pulsing warmth. He grabbed the wash cloth and soap, and began washing his body. As he ran the washcloth over his skin he started to think of Dean in the shower, only minutes ago, doing the same thing.
When Dean walked into Mr. McLeod's office, he felt the older man run his eyes over him. Dean was used to it, he was what most people considered "pretty".
"I, uh... I'm sorry guys..." Dean stammers, feeling his face turn red, he takes a step back toward the half open door, accidentally pushing it closed in his haste to leave, he slams against the door with a thud.
"Ok, let's just both agree that the other thinks we are each amazing? How does that sound?" Dean reasoned
Of all the times he imagined kissing Cas, it had neverbeen like this, but it had always been this easy. Very quickly he is melting into the kiss, his hand sliding around his waist stopping at the small of his back. Dean pulls Cas' body firmly into his, letting out a low moan when he feels his nimble fingers pop the button on his jeans. Dean breaks thekiss with a gasp when he sensing movement behind Cas. It's more than surreal to see the mirror image of his own body sliding up behind Cas' body, feeling his own hand over his at teh small of Cas' back. They are past the point of no return as Cas wraps his fingers around Dean's cock and he feels his knees buckle. 'I can't believe this is happening' he thinks as his future self moves in closer locking lips with him over Cas' shoulder.
"Why? you got a hot..." She stops, looking at the expression on Castiel's face. "Castiel, you didnt!?"
Castiel stands in the doorway to the kitchen looking out at the table where the beautiful green eyed man sat. He smiled when he looked up at him, he nodded his head toward the back door and then went to wait for him.
He moved to the side of the bed, reaching over and running his hand up Jimmy's leg as he neared the stand. He leaned over and kissed his brother gently on the lips. "Hey Jimmy, you gonna watch?"
Suddenly his vision was blinded by the same blue that used to haunt his dreams. 'Shit' he thought, he knew this moment was going to come, he had just hoped he would have more time to prepare. He wasn't sure how he would feel coming face to face with Cas after all these years, but here he was. Walking into the shop, full of confidence and if it were possible, even more beautiful than he was back in high school when Dean realized he wasn't like the other boys.
"For you to be any more beautiful" he says his eyes flicking up to meet Cas' big blue ones, "but you are constantly proving me wrong on that front.
Just then Darla came bounding into the kitchen, wearing a beautiful cream colored lacy dress. She swirled around as Castiel stood up. "Darla, sweetie, you look so beautiful."
"Yea, we did, at my sisters on Saturday. It was nice, but I've been having a hard time getting into the spirit this year. I don't know why, just really not feeling it, I mean, I didn't even decorate." Castiel said softly, looking down at the counter top, swirling his finger around the pebble design.
Dean walked over to where he had set his bag and started pulling out cloths. "Shower's free Cas, you should clean up."
Castiel simply nodded his head, not trusting his voice. They got out of the car, Dean walking around to get Darla out. When she refused to wake up, Dean simply carried her, tossing Castiel the keys asking him to unlock the door for him.
Charlie shrugs "I don't know, I mean, we definitely had a good time, but we work together, things might get weird."
So it took me a little while to get into the groove for this chapter. I thought I was going to change POV's to Castiel, but couldnt find his voice. Once I dedcided to stick with Dean though, the story came much clearer. Of course I had a ton of support and some definite inspiration, and I thank everyone for that!
Cas stares at Dean unsure what to do, he isn't leaving and the way he's looking at him, Cas swears if he doesn't stop, he's going to cum in his pants. He takes a breath, "Dean can you ... Um..."
Dean opens his laptop and brings up messenger, clicking on Charlie's name he types "I'm so screwed!"
"Dean" Cas breathes just before Dean runs his tongue over his hole, slowly pushing inside of him. Cas' back arches off the bed as he throws his head back, fingers still grasping and pulling at the bed sheets. Dean licks and sucks at Cas' rim, his tongue pushing in and swirling around, drivng Cas mad with pleasure. Cas holds his breath as Dean slowly slides a finger into him and when he rolls his hips fro more, Dean is eager to give it to him, pumping and scissoring, stretching him open until Cas is Chanting Deans name. "Dean... please... " He begs, pushing his ass back onto Dean's fingers.
