“Yeah. Unnecessity.” John giggled.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock assured. “You had every reason to.”
He was tempted. Merlin, was he tempted. But he simply couldn’t bring himself to say it, and instead shook his head. “He can stay then, I guess.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock looked back, slowing suddenly at the realisation that John was lagging behind. “Just thought we’d walk around the grounds. Sorry for the rush, I hate crowds like that.”
Sherlock’s gaze softened in response. An expression reserved only for John. “How was your walk?” he asked.
John had spent the next three weeks staring at his arm. He didn’t understand most of the words, but it was comforting to know that there was someone out there just for him. That someday, he’d meet his soulmate, she’d think he was a military man, and then they’d live together happily ever after. He wondered what words were on his soulmate’s arm. Hopefully something nice. Something poetic and enchanting. Because there was no doubt that as soon as he saw her, he’d think she was the most beautiful and beguiling woman in existence.
John’s voice was rising.
Nev was stunned, speechless that things had worked out so well between them. Their show rarely produced genuine success, and Max knew that Nev was a closet romantic. His insides were likely jumping for joy.
Sherlock stood, face blank. “That’s low. Even for you.”
Sherlock wants to snort at her stupidity, but self-consciousness gets the best of him. Had John not told anyone he was married to a man? That he was married at all? Did he even wear his ring in public?
The flat itself was… fascinating. Books, trinkets, clothes, a laptop, and science equipment seemed to be strewn everywhere, Max’s eyes lingering on the skull on the mantelpiece. Sherlock awkwardly tried to clear away some of the mess, making room for John to sit before remembering the others. “Uh, there is some room on the sofa, here.” He gestured, picking up a pack of nicotine patches and throwing them unceremoniously onto a nearby desk.
“In a moment I’ll get you to pair up and practice your dancing. It’ll be no good for us Hufflepuffs to embarrass ourselves on such an important night. Now, all partners are to be boy/girl, so up you get, boys. No need to be shy. Find a partner.”
Xavier walked out solemnly, shooting one last indecipherable look over his shoulder before closing the door behind him.
John gaped and he finally let go of Sherlock’s hand. “Me?” he mouthed. A humour sparked behind his eyes.
, Sherlock.”
John took a sharp breath in. Of course. He should have expected the conversation to rear back this way. Mirroring Sherlock, John took a much larger sip of his drink, coughing slightly at the trademark burning sensation. “Maybe.”
and ‘yes, it’s probably best I don’t move in, sorry.’
John stared at the two for a few moments before his buried his head into his hands.
John appeared confused for a few seconds before his mouth twisted in understanding. He barked out a laugh. "God, no, wait, that came out wrong. Nothing like that. Sometimes I just send photos if I’m on a walk, or at work. Things like that." Red had flooded John’s face and he ran a hand through his hair nervously.
Nev concurred and switched tabs.
“Like um… maybe tell them the truth, first. And then say, ‘you can either accept that and we can go on being mates, or you can be a total prick about it and never talk to me again.’”
“Afghanistan. I’m sorry, how did y -”
"You lot are party poopers."
“Look, John!”
“I want to check out the books, first.”
The awkwardness between them returned, but beneath it is something deeper. Something raw. Something to be guarded.
John was attracted to women. It would be foolish to deny that. He enjoyed their company well enough and the dates were fun. Everything was nice.
Hosted by
, he did not find the laugh enticing. Or adorable. Or even cute in the slightest sense. But it kept on grasping his focus, each time those giggles burst out and decorated the room. And if Sherlock’s lips had tilted up in the slightest smile upon hearing the laugh, he would never admit it.
Sherlock was already attached to his soulmate – he knew it. Somewhere, in the depths of his mind, he was attached to a person who he didn’t even know yet. And the morphine, that glorious temptation, was the only thing that took that attachment away.
“Yep. Me and the madman.” John replied awkwardly, before motioning to Max and Nev to ‘wait just a second.’ It was easy to tell that secretly, John was quite elated by this development.
“Haven’t found your soulmate yet, then?” Mike asked over coffee.
section.
"Oh?" Sherlock promoted, intrigued, though a glimpse of worry seemed to persist.
“Max, we work for MTV, not a criminal organisation.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement, a smirk ghosting his features. “Someone was laughing the whole way through. Quite off-putting, really.”
The screen fuzzes.
Not in the metaphorical sense, either. His cheek stung, and based on the way Sherlock was watching him, John knew he
Really, Sherlock himself didn’t understand why he was getting so worked up. John had been dating women for years, but it had never bothered him as much as it did now.
The rest had been a blur. His comment had been an innocent one. No one really knew what gender their soulmate was until they met them. But his father hadn’t been happy. Had yelled at John until his ears bled and had shook him until they rang.
Because standing in the hallway now was none other than Sherlock himself. He looked almost as surprised as John. An uncomfortable silence enshrouded the whole space, with Sherlock and John staring at one another as the others loitered awkwardly in the background. John had choked up, speechless, and Sherlock’s expression was indecipherable. Everyone’s silent breaths could be heard amongst the nothingness, even Mrs Hudson standing still in confusion.
But merely deducing from his posture and attire wasn’t enough. Aware of Mike’s absent phone and the ever-present signal on his own, Sherlock spoke nonetheless. “Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.”
Nev chuckled. “I know, I know. But this is different to other times. We’re in a totally different continent and I don’t want to risk anything. John’s got himself caught up with an interesting man, that’s all I can say.”
John allowed his head to flop to the side. “I know I can trust you, silly. I just, I don’t know… I don’t even know why it scares me so much.”
This case exceeded the difficulty of any before it, but the Catfish crew weren’t going to be giving up anytime soon. William seemed to be a very interesting bloke. Hopefully he was all who he claimed to be.
“John? What did he –”
Every fist, every overdose, every bullet.
Back at their cramped hotel room, Nev let out a long sigh and slumped onto his bed. “We’ve got a tough one, Max.”
John was fuming. After observing Sherlock’s terrified face, John opened his mouth to give those other students a piece of his mind. His efforts were unnecessary, however, because in that moment, a sharp, low voice emitted from the corner of the room. Everybody’s blood ran cold.
“Unfortunately.” Sherlock grinned slyly.
“John.”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his own and shook it warmly. “The pleasure is mine.” His lips wavered in a threatened smile. What was it about this man that made him so whimsical?
scaring them? I’m just trying to pick my daughter up from school. Maybe if you went and fetched her, you’d realise this was all a huge misunderstanding the moment she recognised me.”
“Problem, Mr Watson?”
And in that moment, everything else was just an unnecessity.
“What’s done is done.” agreed Sherlock.
“Really fun! We learnt about tadpoles and frogs and stuff.” She exclaims, excited.
“It was the first task today, you know. Of the Triwizard Tournament.”
“I’m putting a stop on your payments until you clean yourself up.” Mycroft continued, ignoring Sherlock’s words.
“More than a few, I’d wager.”
Silence.
This pain was a synonym for their love.
getting slack.
“So maybe… This is more to do with the fact that you’ve chosen someone else over them as a friend. It’s probably a blow to their pride because they’re your housemates and he’s just a Potions apprentice who, em, can’t do magic.” Molly paused, unsure. “The whole idea of him being a squib and you wanting to hang out with him… they can’t comprehend it without justifying it some other way, hence the slurs about sexuality.”
During Potions, neither boy let their gaze linger too long, being careful not to stir suspicion. The only time John could hold Sherlock’s hand was in the safety of privacy, and he longed to express to the world how utterly besotted he was. But alas, limited by societal constraints, he was forced remain silent, listening to his housemates talk about their heterosexual dates and girlfriends with a bitter smile.
John chuckled loudly.
John shrugged with understanding and the two of them matched pace, Sherlock shoving his hands in the deep pockets of his coat. It was silent, mostly, but John felt calmed by the other boy’s presence at his side. Reaching the Black Lake, Sherlock paused, eyes staring into its expansive depths. John looked up at him curiously, lips parting in wonder at the way the moonlight reflected against his pale skin.
Max moved to sit beside Nev, still holding his camera before him. “Try looking up
"Hey, John. I'm Nev, and here next to me," Max shuffled into the frame, "is Max."
“Don’t worry, you berk, neither am I.”
“Right, boys. That display we all saw earlier was utterly horrendous. John – this is the second time you’ve been in my office within the last month. Does anybody care to explain first? Xavier?”
meet his soulmate, there was no certainty that they would want to pursue a relationship with him.
John lifted his gaze to study Sherlock. But then Sherlock was opening his eyes again. Their gazes met. John froze, his teacup to his mouth.
“John punched Michael, ma’am.” muttered James. “There’s not much else to it.”
When the man proceeded to dissect him, sharing information about John which was hidden beneath layers of clothing, John knew it had to be him. Army doctor, psychosomatic limp… It was too precise, too
(See the end of the chapter for
At least that’s what John told himself until he turned fourteen. From then, it seemed as though at least once a week his limbs were on fire, constant bursts of pain littering every inch of his skin. He’d walk home from school with tears welling in his eyes, flinching and jolting until he finally reached his front door step, when the pain would abruptly drop to a dull thrum. He should have been angry. He should have despised his soulmate for condemning him to such pain. But instead, John hurt. He hurt so badly, because he knew that somewhere in the world, there was a person suffering. His soulmate was suffering, but John couldn’t do anything to help. That pain hurt more than any physical pain ever could.
Sherlock failed to hide his smile. “Shut up.” he mumbled, happiness lacing his baritone voice.
“Hello, dear. Looking for Sherlock?”
“You’ve never ridden a broomstick?!”
Sherlock simply nodded, hands steepled beneath his chin as his eyes dissected the men before him.
“C’mon. Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
his soulmate, what had John’s first thought been upon seeing him? He couldn’t recall for the life of him.
Sherlock froze. He anticipated what came next. Rejection. A polite, ‘thanks, but no, thanks.’
“I’m her father.”
Sherlock chuckled. “I should hope so, by now.”
Nev shook his head. “No, no, it’s fine. Good to have something different for a change. It’s great to meet you, John. I’m Nev, and this here with the cam is Max.”
Past the small lab was a short hallway, which led to the remaining two rooms of the quarters: the bathroom and Sherlock’s bedroom. John had been in neither yet, in fear of violating Sherlock’s privacy, but a part of him hoped that he and the bedroom would not be unacquainted for much longer.
Snape offered John a sour grin holding more resemblance to a grimace. “
Nev nodded slowly. “Right, yeah. Um, good for you, man. That’s really great. I’m sorry – shit – that was just a little shocking.”
“Ah, that’s probably because he’s, what? Fourteen. Dumbledore made an age line so that it was impossible for anyone under seventeen to enter the tournament.”
“Oh yeah, what was the name of the job that John said? Consultant…?”
“You bloody bet.”
. At fourteen he was smoking joints and at eighteen he was injecting himself with a seven percent cocaine solution, simply to escape the dull routine of existence. Cold cases found on the internet were repetitive, and when Sherlock had attempted to contact the police regarding current cases, they simply turned him down. Nobody wanted to listen to a school boy’s opinion on murder, no matter how plausible his deductions were.
John, with a shaking hand, clicked on the link Nev gestured to, and began to read. “Yeah.” He murmured. “This sounds like William, alright. But why would he lie about his name?”
are you on about?”
Merlin, John couldn’t take this anymore. People walking all over him because they assumed he wouldn’t fight back.
Apparently, not the right decision.
John nodded grimly. “I understand. I’m really sorry, Professor.”
“You’re the second person to say that to me today.”
“Yes, of course it was brilliant. Extraordinary.”
“Oh.”
, she curses.
This prompts a loud cheer from Rosie. John groans but a grin etches his face. Rosie stands between them, one of her father’s hands in each of her own.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Bloody hell,” breathed Mike.
“Oh.” Sherlock nodded slowly. “Well, that is quite odd then, I suppose. Fancy a walk?”
John huffed a laugh, taking that moment in the conversation to mutter a quiet healing spell. Sherlock watched with amazement as a soft light emitted from John’s wand.
Something churned in John's stomach. Suddenly, that second Chocolate Frog didn't look so appetizing and he smiled awkwardly at the other boys as they broke down cackling.
The next day, and more importantly, detention, came much too quickly for John’s liking. He’d lasted the whole day on three hours of sleep, utterly exhausted by the amount of protective spells he’d cast over his own bed. Frustrated and confused, John had completely disregarded his daily meeting with Sherlock, wallowing in his bed until 7:00pm came and it was time for detention.
With that, he was off, striding back towards the castle at a quick pace. John took a moment to process what had just occurred. Sherlock had just given him his coat. To keep him warm.
As soon as the students began filing in for Potions that morning, Sherlock was immediately victim to an onslaught of verbal abuse.
John regarded him with fond eyes. He opened his arms wide in invitation. “C’mere, love.”
It was infuriating.
(See the end of the chapter for
John swallowed, suddenly overwhelmingly nervous. Had he just been officially outed to his head of house?
Lestrade never did get around to telling Sherlock about the case.
“They’re going to be fine, Sherlock. They’re going to be fine.”
Rosie’s father.”
“You know…” the prefect began out of the blue. “Whatever it was they said, you could have told her. She’s probably the most understanding teacher at this school.”
John paused, silent for a few moments.
to do with you.
Sherlock seemed to be more relaxed now. He sank further into his seat. “I hadn’t realised you wanted to hear my voice so badly. I didn’t assume it would make a difference.”
“Right.”
. “Sweet Merlin, it’s already past 10:00!” he exclaimed, worry overcoming his features.
John looked as though he wanted to say something, but then the moment was over, and Sherlock was picking up a letter from the ground. They left the apartment side by side, an uncanny ambience between them.
Other parents have started to arrive, cautiously watching the ordeal in fear for their own children. Sherlock wants to scream. He is Rosie’s father, god darn it. Maybe not biologically, but the adoption papers had been filed years ago.
Nev looked up and gave Max a look. "Not even a phone call? That's seriously odd..."
The nothingness became too much, and months later, Sherlock had relapsed. It was morphine this time, and was much easier to obtain due to his connections at Barts. Sherlock had always prided himself on not letting himself be consumed by the chemical defect that is ‘love’. And he didn’t. He
Nev's eyes flicked back to the screen and roamed it carefully, using the mouse to scroll down his extensive list of emails. "Got one here… Subject line is, ‘Help me before it’s too late’, from John Watson." He cleared his throat.
Particularly so when John dated a different woman every week, bringing few home for introductions. It was after a particularly straining dinner when Sherlock finally spoke, words biting.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes, and the address is 221B Baker Street.”
“What?”
Sherlock rubbed a hand over his face, concealing a chuckle. “Why John, your deduction skills are getting better by the day.”
Sherlock tried to quell his hopes and view John as just another, plain individual. It came with much difficulty. Out of genuine curiosity, and perhaps an unconscious effort to impress John, Sherlock spoke against his own will. Like usual, his thoughts were racing faster than his mouth.
Sherlock shook his head frantically, stepping forward to tap his fingers on John’s desk. “No. You’re not like that. What did he say?”
Composing himself one last time, Sherlock took a breath and exited the apartment, quite expecting John to hound him for his selfishness. What he wasn’t expecting was John, hunched over the doorstep with hands grasping at his neck.
Sherlock grumbled in protest. “Where are you going?”
The woman’s gaze narrows. “Her father? Rosie Watson’s father?”
John nodded sharply. “I’ll head there right now, sir.” With one last glance in Sherlock’s direction, John hurried towards the classroom’s exit, scooping up his own belongings on the way out. If Snape hadn’t believed their story, he never let on.
John gaped in disbelief at the audacity.
“Here was John Watson. A military doctor. He’d made it very clear to me the second we met that he was ‘not gay, thank you very much.’ And at first, I really did suspect you were my soulmate. The injuries you had sustained, your age. Everything fit. But, then, as we became acquainted, I began to doubt it.”
John studied Sherlock’s face carefully. “Do you forgive me?”
. Sherlock secretly hoped it wasn’t a fifty year old homeless one.
John shook his head. “No… it doesn’t make a difference. But, Sherlock. You are the most intriguing, fascinating and brilliant person I have ever spoken to. You can’t blame me for wanting to make sure you were real. Not some fifty year old serial killer.”
a disappointment.”
“You are beautiful,” he mumbled, reaching up to press a closed-mouth kiss against Sherlock’s collarbone. He felt Sherlock tense slightly above him, before relaxing into the touch. His cheeks were red and he stared down at John with such affection that John was losing his breath all over again.
“It’s no problem, ma’am.”
“Hi, Sherlock.” whispered John in reply. Turning his head around to face Sherlock, he tried to convey via expression how very remorseful he was. “That sounded beautiful, by the way.”
skin off, and although
John blinked. “Sorry?”
Eventually, Sherlock spoke. “I didn’t think it could be true.”
John seemed quite scandalised at his question. “What—? No, of course I’m not leaving.
“Here will do,” Sherlock spoke suddenly, and John looked away abruptly in embarrassment.
“John...” drawled Sherlock, sliding his foot forward to poke against John’s softly. “Please, you can trust me.”
And that’s where he had run into Mike Stamford. A close acquaintance – not quite a friend – of John’s during medical school. Sooner or later, quite reluctantly on John’s behalf, they had found themselves talking about living circumstances. Mike had suggested a flatmate. John nearly laughed aloud.
This remark was met with a bout of chuckles, and John watched worriedly as Sherlock’s head shot up to stare at the student with wide eyes.
“Little Watson,” he greets, putting her down gently and slinging her backpack over his shoulder. “How was school?”
Mike looked amused. “You’re the second person to say that to me today.”
“Murder?” proposed Nev. “But... this ties into our theory that this is William, too. John told us that William doesn’t want to call, and Lestrade says that that he’s tried Sherlock’s mobile to no avail.”
"You don't look very happy about that." Nev noted.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”
“Hi?” said the person on the other end. The obscured audio quality combined with the man’s thick accent prompted Nev’s face to twist with worry.
He’d never experienced a breathlessness like this. It was addictive.
Mycroft had found him four days later, curled up outside Southwark Station.
“Anytime.”
The laughter sounded again and Sherlock nearly stomped his foot in anger. He narrowed his gaze and attempted fruitlessly to find the source. He was half tempted to find the man – yes, definitely a man – and drag him out of the cinema himself. But alas, the theatre was practically full, and it was quite difficult to find anyone in the crowd, let alone the one Sherlock was searching for.
“But then…” continued Nev. “We got to researching William’s job: a consulting detective. There weren’t many results, but one in particular caught our attention.” Nev tilted his laptop towards John as he spoke. “A website by a man named
“Right.” John spoke tersely. Silence dominated. The two stared at each other from across the room; Sherlock on the sofa and John by the kitchen.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open a bit, morphing into a grin. “Wow, John Watson really is a troublemaker. Who knew?”
“It’s not… It’s not terrible. So far, it seems like everything William has told you, other than his name, is true. But we managed to get a hold of William’s, well, Sherlock’s old landlord. You might know this, for all we know, but it came as a bit of a shock to us. Apparently he’s, er, quite involved with drugs.”
The remarks and bullying didn’t stop there, either. Each Potions lesson, before Snape made his grand entrance, the students would try and get as many slurs in as possible. And every time, without failure, Sherlock met them with silence, simply staring with a curious glisten in his eyes. John heard people talking about the apprentice outside of Potions, too, at every opportunity possible. Apparently, one girl from Slytherin had even gone to Dumbledore to complain. John didn’t see the point. Surely by now they were used to Dumbledore making odd decisions that were non-negotiable. But alas, other than the much anticipated Triwizard Tournament, there wasn’t much to talk about, so John allowed to comments to filter in one ear and out the other.
Nev and Max exchanged a look, before looking back to Sherlock with a startled smile on their faces. “Uh, yeah, actually. So, the first question, basically, is… why didn’t you want to ever call John, or video chat? It seems strange, considering you
. It was something he had been craving his whole life, and now here it was, wrapped up neatly in the manifestation of one man. His deductions were phenomenal. He solved a crime the police had been brooding over for months in a few hours. And best of all? He cured John’s psychosomatic after knowing him for only one day.
I know Sherlock might seem a bit OOC, but he's like... sixteen. He's a kid and he deserves to be happy and excitable, okay? Also: if the homophobia seems a bit much, do remember that the Goblet of Fire was set in 1994.
London was a new experience entirely for the two men, as they'd previously never left the States for the show. Hiring a car proved too much of a hassle - especially to be driving on the opposite side of the road - so they hailed a cab to take them to their hotel room.
The skin was clear. Completely unmarred. And he shouldn’t have been, but he was surprised. Because if there was no wound, then that meant Sherlock had a soulmate. Lestrade flushed with shame. He’d always naturally assumed that Sherlock didn’t have one. Which wasn’t completely unjustified, really. Sherlock had never mentioned them – in fact, he was more distanced from social interaction and sentiment than anyone else Lestrade had met.
The corner of John’s lips quirked into a grin.
John nodded to himself, swallowed his tears, and stood up.
John beamed.
“Though I may seem intimidating as an authority figure, I am first and foremost your head of house. I care about all of my students, and I most of all care if they are feeling unsafe or unwelcome. I despise bigotry and discrimination, John, and you were a victim of both. I apologise for not realising sooner.”
The time came soon, as predicted, and before Sherlock knew it, the man was walking up the stairs and towards the exit. Sherlock started in his seat. He wasn’t prepared. He had nothing to say. He stood awkwardly from his seat, cursing silently as his forgotten box of popcorn fell from his lap and to the floor. Scurrying down to pick it up and desperately trying to tidy the mess, Sherlock lifted his gaze.
“Doesn’t make it any less true.”
Soon enough, they were ambling through the corridors of the hospital towards the labs which John frequented in his younger days, and he marvelled at the changes. His left hand clenched and relaxed by his side. His anxiety was building as they reached their destination and John forced himself to relax.
Sherlock smiled authentically at this, cheeks red and eyes shimmering. He dropped against John so that their bodies were pressed against each other and his face could nestle comfortably against the crook of John’s neck. “Thank you for liking me.” he whispered.
“Hey, Molly. Fancy a dance?”
Snape flicked his head towards a desk, on which sat a roll of parchment, a quill, and four dirty cauldrons. “One hundred lines followed by a squeaky clean cauldron. Continue until I dismiss you.”
Before them was a sizeable room with an appearance similar to that of his common room. A few armchairs were placed facing each other on one side of the room, a large fireplace accompanying the area. Behind these chairs stood a large bookshelf filled to the brim with reading resources and John could practically feel Sherlock’s brain beside him whirring with anticipation. Finally, to the left of the room sat a large sofa, a round coffee table positioned before it stacked with a kettle and an assortment of tea. This area of the room was illuminated by a large antique lamp, and John felt himself stumbling at the sight of it all.
“Sounds rather unfaithful to me.”
“You… Slap…” He couldn’t form any coherent words, and was painfully aware of the tremoring hand by his side. His breaths quickened, a combination of realisation, guilt and regret wracking his lungs. His mind raced with every word, every action, every moment they had shared together. He wondered how long Sherlock had known. Keeping John in the dark, waiting for the perfect opportunity like there was all the time in the world.
Cedric paused suddenly, and John looked up, startled. “It was about that apprentice, Sherlock, wasn’t it?”
He blinked, taking a moment to realise just how provocative a position it was, and awkwardly lifted his hand with a small shrug. “I don’t mind.” he found himself saying.
John fidgeted in his seat. "Yeah, I was serving in Afghanistan for the last three years but took a bullet to the shoulder around four months ago. So now I'm back in London."
gets hurt. There are a few real ones.”
“John?” came Sherlock’s voice quietly. Hesitantly.
Nev and Max looked at each other in disbelief from behind him. “John?” he asked softly, placing a hand on John’s shoulder.
John felt as though he’d been slapped.
But John couldn’t criticise him. To do so would be hypocritical. Because hadn’t he been fearing the same things for years – every time the thought of pursuing a potential relationship with Sherlock invaded his mind?
John would return.
“Ask me a few questions?” interrupted Sherlock, a smug expression on his features. “To ensure I’ve been truthful, I imagine.”
“Okay! Now, with this exact thought in mind, walk past the wall three times: ‘I wish for a room to relax.’”
John finished scooping together the rest of Sherlock’s belongings and carefully stacked them on the bench once more. “You don’t have to thank me.” he grinned.
them.”
John could feel anger thrumming in his veins. Pushing the others back, John slid off his bed and stood before them, glaring menacingly. “First of all, all of
Sprout was going to think he was a psychopath. But anything was better than the truth.
Skype rang out, awaiting the answer of John who had sought their help two months prior. It picked up after three and a half rings. John’s grinning face met them on the other side, swimming in a beige sweater and drinking a cup of tea. “Hey, Nev. Hey, Max.”
“Have I ever told you how amazing you are?” he slurred, leaning back in the armchair and allowing his feet to slide forward. At some point in the night, their shoes had been disposed off, and John revelled in the comfort his woollen socks provided.
Eventually, the outside chill began to worsen, and John found himself shivering unconsciously.
“Hmm?” John looked up, only now registering the questions Nev had asked. “…See him again?”
On one of these usual days, as John was making his way down to the lake, he was intercepted by an out-of-breath Sherlock. His cheeks were red and his eyes were sparkling with an unspeakable excitement. “John!” he exclaimed. “You have to check this out!”
His head shot over again, face melting with relief at the familiar large door in lieu of a wall. Breathing in deeply, John braced himself before pushing the door open, poking his head around the corner. While this room bore similarities to their usual, there were a few noticeable differences John found himself gaping at. First, all traces of the large bookshelf were gone completely. In its stead was instead another sofa on which Sherlock was currently lying, fervently playing a violin which John was certain he’d never seen before. He looked closer to gauge that Sherlock’s eyes were closed, and decidedly shut the door behind him as gently as possible.
John wanted to sink into the floor and never reappear. “Okay, sir. And what would you like me to write?”
Reddening, John lowered his head. “Um, no, I… I think I might leave.”
With the ingredients and method written on the board, the students were then instructed to begin on their Draught of Peace, and from then, the lesson flew by like any other. Before John knew it, he and Mike were handing their potion up for examination and shuffling out of the classroom in a hurry to reach their next class in time. McGonogall was not a woman to be messed with, after all, and John didn't particularly fancy a detention on the first day back at school.
“No, er, it’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
John listened in wonderment. “So I guess you’re some type of Potions genius then, huh? That’s amazing.”
“So, obviously we covered a little over our call a week ago, but tell us about the nature of your relationship with William. Would you say he’s your boyfriend?”
“Yeah,” came the response from the other end. “Pretty sure the freak was caught out a few times, too. Seemed to ‘ave a whole meth lab set up in the kitchen when I kicked him out.”
Finally, John cleared his throat. “Well, then. I’m going to make some tea. Do you want any?”
? Why didn’t you believe it, Sherlock? There doesn’t have to be a reason for soulmates.”
“William doesn’t seem like the nervous type. The way he texts seems really self-confident.”
John wouldn’t admit it, but he felt a pang of something when Sherlock’s face shone at his words. The subtle widening of the eyes, the gentle caress of rouge against his cheeks.
him. Of course we don’t want you in the dorms anymore – you’re never there to begin with!”
"Just a little mundane for my liking. Not London itself, I love London, but with my injury," John gestured to a cane behind him, "it gets a little difficult."
“What usually happens, then? After one kisses their best friend and thoroughly enjoys it.”
When a month had passed with no sign of any pain, John had lost all hope. His soulmate was dead. Maybe an overdose. Maybe a murder. Either way, his soulmate was gone, and with them, John’s reason to continue. Having already joined the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, John decided to simply let his life play out, putting all his effort into training and healing his fellow soldiers. He was good at it, and he genuinely enjoyed it. Soon, he found himself being promoted to Captain. He wasn’t as happy as he should have been.
“I know.”
“Oh, he’s had all sorts of clients these days. Are you from the papers?”
Sherlock tilted his head. “Is that the eye guy?”
He hadn’t really understood the significance of her words at the time, and had merely nodded in vague acceptance. “Okay.” And then he was back outside, flipping out his Mummy’s magnifying glass and jotting down the differences between the soil by the house and the soil by the well.
Sherlock looked up at John then, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. “Oh, I don’t know,” he murmured, hands lifting to fiddle with John’s tie. “Maybe something like this?”
The rest of the class filed in, and as soon as everyone was seated and talking animatedly among each other, a door positioned at the front of the classroom burst open. Snape, as though it were tradition, stalked out with robes billowing behind him, and John had to suppress a gulp of fear at the sight. It wasn't necessarily as though he was afraid of Snape. He had never actually done anything to harm the class, after all. Rather, the man was just intimidating, and in the end, it was him who would make or break John's potential future. So, he listened to Snape’s traditional introduction with unwavering eyes and a stiff back, drinking in every word. It was only when he began to introduce the new apprentice that John’s attention was diverted. He took in the boy’s appearance once again. He didn’t appear to be much older than John, if older at all. In fact, he seemed particularly young, and John wondered why he wasn’t a student at Hogwarts like the rest of them. Either he was a twenty-year-old who
“John! Finally. I really thought I couldn't wait. Beer?”
Abruptly the ritual ended as suddenly as it had begun. The pressure disappeared; there was no more of a force knocking them down, just as there was no more otherworldly presence.
Making a living consulting other mages and Ministry Agents could have been a lucrative pursuit, if only Holmes didn’t find most of their clients boring, stupid and not interesting. To which he constantly pointed out in his usual manner, further aggravating his already existing unflattering opinion of himself.
Whirling in front of the mirror, nervously smoothing his perfectly styled hair, John glanced again at his attire - dark jeans, a blue shirt that favorably set off his eyes, and a brown suit jacket were his final, though not first, choice. He didn’t want to overdo it, yet he had to go through with the not-a-real-date. Artifactist Su Lin Yao had insistently demanded his presence at the event that would take place at the Lantern Festival, citing the fact that it would be there that the mysterious Spider would appear. As their main and only suspect, he wasn’t only a key figure in their investigation, his capture could also reveal a scheme of smuggling and the clandestine trade in artifacts in England.
Hope you will enjoy this chap)))
“I am glad that we were able to find a solution. Thanks.”
Looking at the predatory profile, pale skin, dark hair, expensive suit, expensive shoes and graceful long fingers in blue latex gloves, John could not help but admit the other's attractiveness. And it wasn't just the looks. It seemed to him that he could look at all of this endlessly - Holmes was greatly transformed when at Work. There was no relaxation that he could see inside the walls of Baker Street, openness, childish discontent or joy, as if there was a completely different person in front of him, unfamiliar and dangerous.
When the kettle whistled behind him, he even decided to show generosity, knowing in advance what Holmes’ answer would be.
“Sherlock, would you like some tea?”
“The Master has been waiting for you for a long time.”
“You can always interrogate the victim himself. We definitely have at least nine days for this.”
“I understand and won’t detain you any longer. You can look into the accounting department later. But I’m still waiting for you this Thursday at nine.”
“... such a mess. Though your appearance, John, has become much better… By the way, the recipe you gave me helps a lot. Thank you, John. It is so rare to meet a good Healer now.”
Ah, well, of course, how he could forget. John closed his eyes for a moment. The reputation of a dark mage sometimes played into their hands, often helping in investigations, but not in moments like this. He did not want to lie, but the situation was rather delicate, and not in his favor, so he decided to soothe his temporary Inspector a little.
“We have an appointment at three, hurry up, change your clothes.” The dark mage promptly got his bearings in this situation, in which he was more than ever glad about. Starting a quarrel wasn’t part of his plans for this particular day, and in principle, it wasn’t ever part of his plans, but after entering into an unexpected-in-every-sense partnership with a consulting dark mage, he once and for all swore not to assert something with one hundred percent certainty.
“Emm ... Thank you,” John tried to push the unremarkable box as quietly as possible under the table, away from prying eyes, because the contents of which the respectable witch, who unexpectedly became their guest that evening, was better off not knowing. “Tea?”
Sherlock’s presence disturbed the complex spells, making the magic within them pulsate and gleam. Regularly, John had witnessed such reactions, but every time he couldn't not help but be amazed. Before meeting Holmes, he had never known a mage or witch capable of such a thing. Once again convinced of the genius of his partner, he helplessly caught himself thinking how much more he still had to discover and study, and next to Sherlock, he had the freedom and chance not only to learn, but to provide all possible assistance as well.
“… Okay,” John finally got into a comfortable position and stopped looking through the window every now and then. The appearance of lesser demons unsettled him; it was worth seriously thinking about carrying a weapon with him constantly, or a strong defense. Although the latter had the most problems - he did not have even the slightest bit of a strong artifact, and Holmes, in principle, did not need them, so there was no point in even asking. In the end, it all again came down to looking for a job so that he finally had some extra money.
In general, both complex illusions and acrobatic performances  impressed him, although he could not relax, constantly expecting a catch. Standing in a semicircle near an impromptu stage, fenced off from them only by a weakly glowing barrier on the floor, the three of them, like all the other spectators of the performance, just watched with interest what was happening. He could boldly admit that the show itself was worth the money spent on the tickets, although he did not pay. And it became even more interesting when the next issue was announced.
(1) Abbreviation for Magic Security Department;
“Tell me your conclusions,” Holmes didn’t even try to make his order sound like a request.
The loud bang of the gong attracted everyone’s attention, arousing genuine interest from his random neighbors. Such a simple signal clearly heralded the beginning of their meeting, so putting on a serious expression on his face, John prepared to listen.
“Everyone who came today,” Patrick said, looking around. “We have twenty minutes until we’re missed. Will it be enough?”
The abundant mixture of smells, sounds and colors was supposed to create a festive mood, which, to John' unbiased opinion, the organizers of the festival more than managed to accomplish. According to the poster, the culmination was supposed to be fireworks and the launch of colored paper lanterns. And there was even a small chance that he and Su Lin could be lucky enough to see the fireworks and make a wish launching the lantern into the night London sky.
“Um,” John was confused for a moment; he’d forgotten that others could sometimes see his strangely glowing aura. Only he didn’t expect that these children could do so too. Probably, the whole point was that it was he who was a guide and giver. “It all depends on the mage or witch.”
“Mr. Wang Kun still hasn’t answered your calls?”
Walking confidently through the courtyard, he stepped forward into the dark opening of an old building in the temple. The chamber was semi-dark and had the scent of candles, old wood, dust and incense. Finding his way through the dark by sound and relying more on his senses than sight, John walked the entire first floor, getting used to the local magic. The magic that filled even the air in this place, was just as primordial as it was alien and inhospitable both for young students, who still had little understanding of the very essence of what was happening to them, and for him, who had the experience of past years behind him.
(1) In this case, this meant the division of magical powers between mages.
“I owe nothing to anyone. Only..." John trailed off. He wanted to say that the only one to whom he really owed something was Holmes, or rather, both Holmes, but he cut himself off without finishing. He admitted this to himself for the first time. The thought was sobering in its simplicity, because now he truly owed a dark mage and a Necromancer. But the fact that he sincerely wanted to help these children had nothing to do with it.
“We all have a lot of respect for Mr. Holmes,” the boy told him in a conspiratorial whisper, before they had to return their attention to the mentor, whose expression never changed and was still twisted with displeasure.
“When you manage to enter the Stream on your own, then you will say thank you. Will you be able to gather everyone here in that corner of the garden?” he waved to the side behind him, pointing to a small open clearing.
“He is directly related to our second case.”
Satisfied at last, with an indignant expression on one's face, and on the other, a slightly mocking one, John relaxed and settled himself more comfortably on the soft light sofa.
1 - Reference to events of the 1st part of the “Ashes” serie;
“Thank you,” The girl was completely confused. She looked helplessly at John, and he could only smile at her amiably. Under the attentive gaze of cold gray eyes, anyone felt uncomfortable, even he sometimes caught himself wanting to escape, when Sherlock's gaze began to follow his every movement.
Hope you all will like this chapter))))))
“No. I don’t think it’s important now.”
Soon we will finish this part, there will be sidestory form Sherlock' POV and waiting for part 3 as I still writing it..eahhh
“We can wait for the Ministry’s Necromancer, but there is a simpler and more affordable option,” Lestrade, with a habitual gesture, ran a hand wearily through his silvery hair,  flashing a wedding ring. For some reason, John just now noticed the gold strip on the Inspector’s finger. Though if looked closely, Lestrade’s appearance fairly indicated that he was actually married, and it was a happy marriage as well.
“Job! I liked the job. A very pleasant place with a clean and strong source,” John laughed awkwardly, hoping Holmes would not give any importance to his slip of the tongue. He often witnessed the possessive manners of the dark mage, and had therefore presumed about the possible competition in the person of the Healer Sawyer for his time and attention. Although, probably, it still wasn’t worth mentioning. For his own peace of mind. “Who is the victim?”
“We are in place.”
“Then we will think of something.”
The tour, as he expected, was short. The small hospital had only two floors with administration and accounting on the first. It was not possible to say that everything was very  run-down, but the last time it was renovated was obviously about twenty years ago, and peeling paint, crumbling plastic, and outdated equipment screamed it. The only thing that John really liked, and that many modern buildings and even more hospitals lacked, was the truly authentic magic around. Both the dilapidated walls and the creaking floors under foot breathed it, helping the Healers to cope with their work.
And just like that, with a timely suggestion from Holmes, his plans for dinner and company that evening changed dramatically.
When he only had to cross a narrow street and another gateway, an inconspicuous black car with tinted windows braked right in front of him. From the thrown open door smelling  of expensive cologne, leather and incense, and no matter how suspicious everything that was happening looked, he seemed to already know who was behind it all, therefore, without hesitation, jumped inside.
“Where do we start?”
Or there was another option that he only heard in passing, but never had a chance to see. In "The Case of the Dying Dragon", as John called it, he was lucky to personally witness the action of magic trees to create and maintain illusions. Even now, the old wood of the walls and the planks worn down by thousands of feet on the floor, which faintly glowed with the magic hidden in them, pushed him to a simple idea - the temple could be made of magic and enchanted wood. Such techniques were practically never used in construction now, all because of the lost knowledge, which was a regrettable and well-known fact. It was much easier for modern builders to use artifacts than the complex rituals needed when building houses or other structures. And only such withstanding temples in their advanced twenty-first century still served as monuments to the ancient craftsmanship and skills.
He didn’t sense the presence of the dark mage, but the skull on the mantelpiece blazed with a lively blue flame when he appeared, which could only mean one thing - his master was somewhere nearby. At one point, John categorically refused to have anything to do with this experiment of Holmes - he had no desire to imbue an already talkative skull of unknown origin with his magic.
Now, instead of a soft golden glow, John's magic felt like a blinding light, unbearable and merciless, and Sherlock had to restrain himself from reaching for him, burning, while all this light and this heat tried to find a way out, limited only by John's body. It was even a pity that he was not personally the cause of such a change, which once again reminded him that he was not the only one who needed Healer John Watson, which from the very beginning was a cause for irritation and anxiety for Sherlock.
finish editing chapters, I will post them, may be not. But it would be about 2 chapter per week.
“I didn't think he'd get ahead of me, but,” Sherlock carefully took his hand, still clutching the black box, and turned it from side to side, looking closely. “It's a good gift. This time Mycroft turned out to be useful in some way, you can safely use it.”
The text on the white paper with the official stamp wasn’t at all what he expected. Carefully tearing the edge and dumping the stack of sheets into his lap, he first thought that there were too many of them for a simple notification of a warning in connection with a violation of the rules for working with the appointed temporary Inspector. He couldn’t even imagine that the date of Holmes’ disciplinary commission would be appointed so unexpectedly. What became even more surprising for him was the fact that he too, was summoned to the commission along with Holmes, which on the one hand was only logical - they were partners, and on the other hand - puzzled. He didn’t quite understand why he was expected to be one of the defendants, and not a witness.
(1) Onirs - the deities responsible for creating and managing dreams in ancient Greek mythology;
Around them flowed the magic of a divine artifact, alien and ancient. As beautiful as it was, it was also dangerous if one didn’t know how to address it. John let it just flow through them, giving both himself and Patrick time to become accustomed to the new sensations, and then slowly, gradually, began to introduce him to the Stream.
The already pale face of the dark mage now resembled an inanimate wax mask, even the habitually lively bright eyes faded beyond recognition. But he still stood adamant and unshakable, performing the ritual he alone knew.
“Let's get to the point, Sebastian. What has happened that you needed me?”
At the entrance to the spacious hall, illuminated by many magical lights, they were greeted by the skillful illusion of a small eastern dragon with a long mustache on a narrow muzzle. The dragon welcomed them by hammering its flat tail against a massive gong, silently striking sparks of different colors. The rest of the visitors clearly liked it, judging by the enthusiastic oohs and exclamations, and, if not for the unpleasant associations after communicating with a living representative of the dragon family, John might also enjoy such a greeting.
The lights suddenly went out all across the floor. John rubbed his eyes, tired from reading and got up from the table. At this late hour he was the only visitor on the floor, and maybe even in the entire Library, and he certainly should not have lingered so long, who knew what Sherlock could have done during such a long absence. After all, he had left that one to himself for almost two days, and that simply couldn’t end well, therefore, picking up his bag and jacket, he hurried out of the reading room.
“What will be our next step?” John, as usual, had to adjust to Holmes' wide, quick stride to keep up.
It all ended as suddenly as it began. His heart sank down and then jumped up to beat convulsively somewhere in the throat. The pressure disappeared, and he felt an unprecedented lightness, and the only thing that still held him, not allowing him to leave the floor, were  Sherlock’s soberingly cold fingers.
This unexpected message shattered the charm of the moment. And this had already happened to him, it seemed, quite recently. He’d once before received, just as sudden, a message from Sherlock, while standing at a crossroads. It amazed him how Holmes could feel his hesitation and uncertainty, as if they were really connected. And this particular point was definitely not in their contract - an uncomplicated text even on enchanted paper simply couldn’t give such opportunities.
“What's in there?” John asked anxiously. “Sorry.”
John stepped aside so as not to get in the way, and stood so as to have the best viewing angle. After all, he was to see the Ministry Necromancer at work with his own eyes.
“And in this we are alike.”
“Exactly what you thought, dear John. The issue with the commission has already been resolved, you no longer need to worry about it.”
“How unusual, dear! I didn't even know it would be so interesting!”
John only had to agree with everything that was said, he still didn’t have any sensible ideas. Moreover, now he was worried about another equally important question.
“My humanity is too dear to me to part with it so carelessly... Besides, I have my own God. And you?”
Even living under the same roof and being in contact with Sherlock's magic every day, John still wasn't ready for the pressure and push, the power sweeping him off his feet and knocking out his breath. Now he could only hazily guess what Holmes was doing, he had never been part of or had been asked to take part in such practices. For Healers, they very rarely drew on someone else's strength. It was too dangerous and unpredictable for the lives of their patients due to too individualistic abilities and a chance of incompatibility. Furthermore, of all the Classes, they were the most self-sufficient, and as a rule, quite highly specialized. John was lucky from birth to have a talent for reading auras, but his main strength was in returning damaged tissues to their original state.
Nodding in agreement, though he stopped himself immediately, as much as he was outraged by Sherlock’s behavior, who hadn’t bothered to warn him about anything, he was still his partner, and now he could safely admit it, a friend. In addition, John was well aware of the strained relationship between the brothers.
The city outside the windows of the cab carrying them home lived its usual, boring and hectic life, as if a few hours ago Sherlock didn’t almost lose the most important thing that he was lucky enough to find by accident in the gloomy silence of the University Library - a person who embodied exactly the mystery that Sherlock waited a long time for and no longer hoped to ever meet on his way. And it turned out he was so close to losing this warm and lively riddle because of someone else's greed that it became uncomfortable.
“I am sure about that. And one of them, most likely, stole what should not have been touched.”
Hello-hello, my dears))
As a result, when the first Agents appeared on the floor, he knew far too many details about the personal lives of complete strangers, but Holmes at least, looked pleased. For him, what was happening was another convenient experiment and practice for his deductive method.
In the days that John could devote to learning, every morning he involuntarily stood at the head of a small procession, and a bunch of children lined up behind him, to slowly walk to the gate of the temple. He, like the other students, had a new school day.
“It was murder. And this is a message,” John really saw someone's ominous message in the strange arrangement of the body on the bed, in the arrangement of visible artifacts and runes and in the sealed magic. Catching Holmes' approval, he continued, “I don’t know how to read it, you probably need something like a key, or a code word, but Mr. Wang Kun definitely didn’t die of his own free will.”
“Yes, Patrick?”
“But if you destroy the static nature of the ritual, the message will most likely be lost,” said John already pondering in his mind what could be done in the moment.
“Remember this feeling well so that you will never again confuse it with anything. We will try everything together a few more times, and then you will try on your own. I have no doubt that you will succeed, and you can even help others without my participation.”
If this was the very revelation that he should have heard, it did not tell him anything. Well, he had known from the very beginning that he shouldn’t have expected more, or that he wouldn’t be given any ready-made answers, so he decided to ask about what he had actually come to this Temple for.
“Creature? Being?” Startled, almost choking on his tea, John hadn’t even thought about that possibility, but he should have, given his past experience.
“What do you think of the speaker's speech?” It wasn't as not difficult for him to maintain a conversation, the topic suggested itself.
Second update this week))))
“John,” he was tugged uncertainly by the sleeve.
To avoid wasting time completely, he leafed through several basic textbooks on Dreaming and dream management, and even planned to buy one for himself. The internet and the forums were undeniably helpful, but one couldn’t forget the basics, for which he couldn’t afford to go back to school for this time. There was also the option of evening courses, which were preferable in his case, but so far, without at least some significant income, he could not afford them.
“The walk from the clinic to the metro takes about seven to ten minutes, even with a leisurely pace. You then still spend about twenty minutes to get to the desired station, and roughly fifteen more to Baker Street’s door, if you didn’t need to go up the road to Tesco. I don’t understand how you stand it, just take a taxi, I’ll pay all the costs. There aren’t any packages, so you haven’t gone anywhere. So what could have delayed you?”
The dark shadow in Holmes' left hand thrashed desperately, trying to break free from his steel grip. John could see everything perfectly, and he even remotely began to understand what was happening until Sherlock forcibly shoved the resisting soul back into the body it had abandoned.
“The way he so easily entered the apartments, arranging rituals like suicide, and then, just as easily, without leaving a trace, disappeared. Already it speaks in favor of the theory that he is not quite human. And the words of your Witch-Artifactist about the messages in the form of Hanzi finally confirmed this. And why you can see them is another question, the answer to which we will undoubtedly receive when we solve this case.”
If he understood everything correctly, now the dark mage acted only in the role of an assistant. Unlike last time in the apartment of the late Mr. Wang Kun, there were no dark, lifelike tapes of ribbons, which he firmly associated with Holmes, just as there was no pressure of strength. John felt only faint discomfort, as if he had to sink into the depths, and now the water column pressed on him, but no more.
He chose the warming spell, not only because the children, many of whom not dressed for the weather, were now freezing, though they were still, patiently and curiously waiting for the demonstration. This particular spell didn’t require some kind of complex or intricate activation, only two runes. They were sufficient enough to be applied to clothes or any open skin, or even just be drawn in the air in front of a person, though setting the distance made it more difficult, it was necessary so the effect of the heat emitted by the runes could extend back to the person.
He looked down from a bird's-eye view, and his heart ached from unexpectedly surging sadness. A barely noticeable path wriggled between rare stunted trees, hidden in the withered grass to finally disappear into the forest. Sometimes there were dazzling black flowers in the grass. Like spilled ink, they spread across the ground in black specks in intricate patterns.
Looking at his only suit, hanging lonely in the closet between T-shirts and sweaters, John could only sigh dejectedly. He had even a specially purchased shirt that went well with the dark brown corduroy fabric. True, so whatever he didn’t choose from his meager wardrobe, it all was the same - in the presence of Sherlock, only a sad fate to look like a poor relative awaited him. Though he saw no point in dressing up for a commission; his task was definitely not to amaze anyone with his appearance. He assigned this role to his partner, whose reckless behavior was the reason for receiving a summons for a hearing at the Ministry.
“Come on, don't be shy, tell me how my day went.”
“Don't do that, I already asked,” John muttered gruffly, now he didn't want to make tea for him simply because of feeling contradictory.
PS)) Will anyone be interested in beting my a bit angsty text with Seb Moran\John Watson pairing?)) I personaly think that it's one of my best stories (after Ashes, of course) and this pairing is my guilty pleasure one in fact))) text has been already translated, just waiting for being beted)
“That we now have not one, but two cases, John. The day promises to be interesting. At last.”
“This was not ritual suicide,” John knew for sure, because as soon as he crossed the threshold of this apartment, a faint dark shadow rushed towards him. The one who until recently, was Mr. Wang Kun, now trying to grab his hands, invariably passing through him with an unpleasant chill along the spine. The only explanation for this fact he could give was that he, himself once crossed the line between life and death, though this was the first time something like this had happened  to him.
If things had turned out differently that evening, Dr. Sarah Sawyer would have accompanied him, but apparently, this was never destined to happen, and the reason was one particular consulting Dark Mage. John could more than realistically assess the situation in his life, whether he wanted to admit it or not, the only relationship he could have after entering into a partnership with the Dark Mage Sherlock Holmes, was only a relationship with Sherlock Holmes himself.
“I consent.”
“What is it, Maggie?”
“Left-handed?”
“I will not beat around the bush - I will have only one request for you. Remain my Inspector for the duration of this investigation, and when it is closed, you will have the right to do as you see fit,” John put his unfinished cup back on the saucer and leaned back in his chair. It was not easy for him to find some free time, torn between the incessant instructions and orders of Sherlock, so he certainly expected a lot from this conversation. John voiced his wish, now it was up to the young Inspector, who was not stupid at all, despite his failures.
“I am sure, under the guise of a sect, the “Black Lotus” is not only busy distributing drugs, but also collecting the life force of its parishioners. Theoretically, one of the parts of the artifact, and we are not only talking about The Sphere of Harmony, can be replaced with concentrated energy of equal potential. True, in this case, the results may be unpredictable, and many factors must be taken into account. The conclusion is very simple. A sect is a kind of insurance, as well as a way to declare yourself and at the same time, avert your eyes from your main activity. While the authorities and the Ministry are busy dispersing this pseudo-cult, a trade in rare artifacts is going on right under their noses.”
Before him sat twelve children, not counting Patrick, who stood at a distance and had to warn them in case anybody from the Temple appeared. John knew he was doing nothing reprehensible, but he could not help feeling that it was better for no one to know what he was doing here. The nature of the local divine artifact unsettled him. It seemed to him that he was about to understand something, but it stubbornly continued eluding him over and over again.
“Moreover, you can forget about this commission altogether,” Sherlock informed him coolly, switching back to his brother sitting opposite.
“At all?”
The sleepy mind refused to cooperate, but it stubbornly continued to think in the same direction, listening out of the way to the skull's story and even nodding and assenting in the right places.  In John’s eyes, the magic object had too much free will, already making it truly unique and inimitable, as any other thing that the dark mage undertook. It was only logical to assume that this skull talking to him was a reflection of one of Holmes’ sides, but that was as far from the truth as… John thought for a moment about a possible comparison. This was as far from the truth as the claim that Holmes the younger was not a dark mage, and the elder was not a Necromancer.
“Who stole the Key, did it meaninglessly, considering it a simple trinket.” Holmes picked up his thought, perking up a little and even taking a sitting position. “Otherwise, hardly any of them would have consciously dared to do this, knowing the scope and seriousness of such an offense to the syndicate. Our killer not only killed them demonstratively, but also left the mark of “Black Lotus.” After that, according to your new friend, he began to look for the artifact among his own smugglers, in the hope that it would surface somewhere.”
Hello, my dears))
“I don't know something?” John looked around in confusion at the Inspectors; they were clearly talking about something, even more - about something specific.
Holmes never named his Class using just this streamlined wording, and surprisingly, it worked every time; others took it for granted, which invariably amazed John.
“Um,” John ran his hand through his hair in confusion. He didn’t believe a single word from the Necromancer sitting opposite, but he could not prove otherwise. “You can't leave them to roam the streets freely.”
“I am not aware of his plans, but I think that shouldn’t happen. Therefore, we can calmly discuss what happened, what do you say?”
He did not take a taxi, deciding to use the subway. He was not at all surprised by the fact that Holmes, who never missed an opportunity to apply his deductive method to others, did not like to ride the subway. Even for John it was sensory overload every time, and at least he could, unlike Sherlock, easily distract himself and shift his attention to something insignificant and give himself some rest.
“Oh!”
It was not quite the question he expected to hear from a stranger when first meeting them, although in some way he could understand her. He even felt a little sorry for her, no matter how brilliant Sherlock was, there were times, as John was personally able to see, he preferred not to see past his own nose especially when it came to feelings.
The process of creating the pentagram distracted John a little, he even stopped fidgeting in embarrassment and trying to move away. Mycroft's witch checked the cardinal points, after which, instead of a permanent phone, she had a bag of black chalk in her hands, which she poured directly onto the carpet, without even bothering to fold it back and expose the parquet floor.
This question was once asked by John, and even back then Sherlock wanted to ask him the same thing.
“I saw you at the meeting,” the same Asian woman, whom he had took note of at the meeting, caught up with him. “You certainly didn’t come there for salvation.”
“Hey! Give it back!”
“Don’t be afraid of anything, I will always be there for you.”
“Not at all. Although I haven't found the right rhythm yet, I think we can handle it all.”
“ Amazing. I immediately felt that the place is good. And the security charms are still in excellent condition.”
After what happened with the cabman last time, he not only began to check every car he got into for traps, but also began to carry several universal amulets with him. He was not at all tempted by the prospect, like that time, of being completely helpless, and now he could only praise himself for such foresight. The small sphere that he was now clutching in his hand, although a weak defense, could be used in different ways depending on the situation, and now the situation clearly required divine intervention, or rather divine light or its weak counterpart - the breath of the dragon.
“Is this what I think it’s about?” Dimmock spoke first, breaking the awkward silence.
Familiar black ribbons wrapped around him, muffling the glow and shattering the cobwebs. Now it was possible to forget about any uncertainties completely. Holmes not only intervened in the course of the performance, he also revealed himself as a dark mage. As soon as he dropped his disguise, his magic, no longer restrained by iron self-control, broke free, filling an already poorly lit room with dense tangible darkness.
The house was asleep, and even his sudden awakening did not disturb the applied ward runes or energy accumulation runes. He was not in danger, which meant that the complex system of runic tying, which he and Holmes had built together, did not give an alarm signal to either Holmes or Lestrade. Nor Mycroft Holmes, as John strongly suspected.
“We are always open to new students.” The Master rang the bell, clearly ending the audience. John was rather promptly handed over to another Temple attendant. After which, John quickly outlined in detail his queries of the schedule, the requirements, and rules for participating in the free courses in order to think again about whether he should spend his already limited free time in this particular Temple and, precisely, on this training. Or if it was still worth keeping up with the times and sign up for online lessons.
Beyond the door, a familiar image awaited him. One couldn’t even argue that they had the case for it to be familiar. Sherlock, with his hands folded under his chin in a prayer’s gesture, was reclining on the sofa and in no hurry to give any signs of life, which lasted until John came closer.
In response to his complaints about the Inspector, Holmes only vaguely shook his head and uttered the cryptic: "It doesn't matter." After which the conversation was settled, and John returned to reviewing the numerous documents that he had already collected, checking them against the necessary list.
“You have an expressive face.”
Which was not surprising, given the peculiarities of the local magic, to which he, too, took time to adapt. In addition, the temples usually did not have special rooms for studying, which were available in schools. As there were no special textbooks and manuals - nothing that would help these children to learn, John wasn't even sure if half of them even passed the First Registration.
“Speak,” Holmes' voice sounded much muffled, as if he spoke from behind a veil. “Voice your message.”
Since the two necessary runes were already activated on him, John decided to warm all the kids in one go. Unhurriedly drawing in the air in front of him an uncomplicated ligature in the required sequence, he habitually let the magic pass through him and fill the created spell with itself.
“I have had it since birth and I have it now. Therefore, I foresaw that you would come someday,” the Master got up, his silk robe pleasantly rustled, while the spicy air swayed and mixed around them. “I had a vision.”
“Boys! Hey!”
“Sherlock? Is everything ok?”
If he distracted the Necromancer’s attention towards himself, it would at least slightly lift Sherlock’s mood, but it seemed their leisured conversation had him frowning even more. One got the impression that with a little bit more time being around the dark mage, a cloud of discontent would begin to creep, as gloomy as Sherlock himself was now. It was so childish, John couldn't resist. It would be a real sin on his part not to take advantage of this opportunity. What was happening now began to amuse him a little. He didn't like playing with words or trying to sound smarter than he was by playing mind games, but sometimes, like now, he couldn't help it. Both brothers could be teased on occasion, but he would never have enough courage for more.
A masked acrobat smoothly descended from the ceiling on silk ribbons. The short-looking young man in a bright suit could very well be their killer. John froze in place, fascinated, while the thin lace of the web unraveled and hung right in the air in weightless folds. As soon as the translucent threads touched any of those present guests, it immediately beautifully crumbled into silvery shimmering dust. Several girls at once clapped their hands merrily; what was happening was really impressive. John looked at Sherlock meaningfully; this illusion was familiar to both of them.
“My partner, Healer John Watson. John, this is my former classmate Sebastian Wilkes.”
Embarrassed, John shifted in his seat, and out of habit ran his hand over his ear with the new amulet earring. Mycroft Holmes had so courteously presented it to him, albeit under strange circumstances, and for which he had had to listen to a long and inspiring lecture from Sherlock, and it now replaced his three old wards. He was so used to wearing them, almost never taking them off, and though at his age such jewelry might seem out of place, he secretly liked the way he had looked with them. It reminded him of his tempestuous youth and desire to impress young witches. It turned out that the desire to impress was still there. He really wanted the attractive witch sitting opposite to pay attention to him. Even if nothing happened with the hiring, something positive from this interview still had a chance to stay.
“I won't refuse,” Su Lin Yao walked through their living room and stopped at the glowing skull. He, feeling attention to himself, shone even brighter. Reluctantly, John shared his magic with it, in order to somehow entertain the guest. While a lively conversation was ensued between the witch and the magical object, John took this moment to check the contents of the cabinets in their kitchen suspecting in advance what awaited him.
“What?” It was obvious that the only one present who was not aware of what this meant was only John himself, who had been prepared for a bleak fate to become this very vessel. Even Su Lin nodded in agreement at the words of others.
“Should I open it now?”
People around them had already begun to pay attention, and John had no choice but to forcefully break free and hasten to hide behind the nearest turn, hoping that nobody would pursue him. He quickly looked around, now he had to make a detour to get to the former curator, but that was better than facing an unexpected obstacle again.
Loud voices were heard while climbing the stairs. It didn't sound like a new client, Sherlock was too annoyed. Even without seeing the dark mage in front of him, John could perfectly imagine frowning eyebrows, and coldly sparking eyes, and displeased pursed lips. Few people dared to argue with Holmes when he was out of sorts, and this list included only a few people, one of whom he certainly would not want to see now.
“For a while, a similar effect will arise from any use of magic,” explained Mycroft, looking curiously about the induced mess. “In the future, something similar in manifestations is possible only with strong emotions, although this will then come to naught. I recommend you see a Healer you know; your lungs bother me, John. And the kidneys. I think these are the consequences of prolonged contact with a cold surface, but, besides this, nothing irreparable to your health was caused.”
The people hurrying about their business aroused in him a slight irritation mixed with curiosity. He hadn’t seen such a clustering of various auras, residual spells and echoes for a long time. Two weeks of meditation in the peace and quiet of the Temple and he was already feeling uncomfortable in this chaotic clashing. This was a little upsetting and alarming, he didn’t want to lose his vigor from living in noisy London.
Looking around uncertainly, he reached out and caught several circles of bright confetti in his palm. Withal to the black ash, a red suspension fell and whirled around him, more of a bloody rain, of course the comparison would be complete only if there was water instead of paper, but even so, he couldn’t get rid of such unpleasant associations.
As Sherlock strongly suspected, although he did not like to make hasty conclusions based on incomplete facts and insufficient information, the runes used should have told a lot to such an experienced Necromancer as his older brother, if even to him, as an Alchemist, they revealed a lot. Undoubtedly, Mycroft had already been informed of what had happened, Lestrade did not even need to worry about it, so soon both could be expected to visit Baker Street.
“Hello, I’m John Watson, Sherlock’s partner. Healer.” The witch’s small warm palm almost disappeared in his hand; and John wondered if his magic would react to this Necromancer in the same way as to Holmes, but nothing happened, which was fine with him. Only after introducing himself and sorting through his head what he said, he was surprised to realize that he had first indicated his partnership with Holmes and not his Class. This hadn’t ever happened before, on the one hand, there was nothing special in this, but on the other, it turned out that unconsciously he already prioritized joint work with the other mage and not himself.
“Trust me, better to do this my way.”
“You are more than suitable for us. When can you start?”
They paused briefly, waiting for the green light to cross the road. If he decided to take the dark mage by the hand, or if Sherlock would suddenly do it instead of him, then this walk could even be counted as a date, a far cry from his previous encounters that he never kept around for long. But he did not have enough determination for such a thing, and when the green light came on, he wasn’t at all up to it. The stream of people gathered around them at the crossroads threatened to pick him up and split him from Holmes. John was worried, perhaps he still should have thought about how to inadvertently take the dark mage at least by the sleeve and keep him close to him, the reason was more than plausible.
“Thank you, I like everything,” he was still waiting for the social courtesy accepted at such meetings, and Holmes senior did not disappoint.
In the text, the children faced a problem at the second stage due to the peculiarity of the local magic. It turned out to be very difficult for them to perceive.
“Let's say he's left-handed. What of it?”
And now the young inexperienced Inspector voiced the conclusion laying on the surface,  in which he was not alone. Even Lestrade raised his hands in agreement in a soothing gesture, but prudently said nothing.
“Our killer is breaking in through the walls,” John muttered, displeased. He carefully examined all the locks on the doors and on the windows - nowhere were there any signs of burglary. With his limited experience, he could only assume that either those killed in both cases let their killer in themselves, which meant they knew him, or he got inside, and then disappeared, leaving no trace in an unknown new way.
It was clearly not a question, but John nodded in agreement anyway. Lost in thought, he relaxed his vigilance and was therefore taken by surprise. At least now he knew for sure that he wasn’t the only one who saw all of these yellow inscriptions.More precisely now he knew for sure that only some mages and witches could see them, of which he, for some odd reason, could safely count himself amongst.
“Sherlock,” John hissed, “what are you doing here?”
Sometimes, it seemed to him that they were more than just partners, and gradually, became something more than just friends. He could swear by anything that Holmes was frankly interested in him. On the other hand, it could only be a figment of his vivid imagination. The social skills of the Dark Mage, though they had a place to be, were still strongly atrophied due to rare use, so Sherlock couldn’t separate his behavior from the common or romantic aspects of relationships. Furthermore, during all the time that they lived together, John had never witnessed that Sherlock was interested in someone else other than as an object of research, experiment, or the Work. He could have called himself the only exception, again bringing him back to where he began in his reflections.
He had to hurry, though he didn’t find what he was looking for. Surprisingly, neither in the books nor in the newspaper files, he couldn’t find a single mention of the artifact that interested him so. There was hope in Sherlock, but the likelihood that such minor information was stored in his vast Mind Halls were small. As he managed to find out, Holmes with amazing ruthlessness, got rid of everything, in his opinion, unimportant for the Work.
Slipping his hand as lightly as possible into an inside pocket, he felt for a small round sphere and squeezed it tighter. This part of London was very different from the place where he had to live before, but he didn’t rule out that evil spirits could be found here too. It was hard to believe, but the cold tingling sensation sliding down his neck and throat and the cold sweat streaming down his back could only be explained by the presence of a couple of demons. It was strange that he hadn’t noticed their presence earlier, but with each step he took, he was more and more certain. He was definitely being pursued by evil spirits, and at this time and in this place, simply had no reason to be here.
Holmes shot me a covert look of triumph as he reached for his pocket again.  "What sort of trade is he thinking of going into, Agatha?"  he asked.
When we arrived, the constable was continuing to shake the child, while he prodded a large bag on the step with his foot. From the bag, a low, menacing rumble emerged.
Holmes and I exchanged glances over Billy's head during this recital. "How old are you now, Billy?" I asked.
"If you'd stop shaking him, he could probably tell us," I interposed, crouching down to bring myself to the child's level, although this move placed me in an uncomfortable proximity to the bag, which continued to rumble alarmingly.
I had just time to hand Billy over to Mrs Hudson, despite his protests. "We'll be quicker without you, lad. Don't worry - we'll fetch her home safe and sound," I promised him, hoping that what I was saying was the truth, and then turned to follow Holmes and Squeaker, who were already half-way down the block.
Jean.  I suppose I may call you Jean?   We mustn't be late."
"And well you may ask." she said.  "I can read, you know.  I saw Doctor Watson's story in the Strand magazine after Tom said to me 'Here, Aggie, ain't that your plumber fellow?'  I knew at once, in spite of those changes he made.  I never thought that the high-and-mighty detective Mr Sherlock Holmes and my Escott were one and the same until then.  I have to hand it to you, Mr Holmes, you do know how to lead a girl on!"
"There is a woman coming down the street, looking closely at the house numbers.  She is evidently searching for an address and I believe it may be ours," I replied.
- be implicated, unless we can forestall it.  The scandal could precipitate a crisis that would certainly bring down the government and Mycroft has tasked me to intervene.   So, today the ever-so-dashing Captain Ponsonby - would you mind smoothing your moustache every so often,
" Doctor Watson?" she asked without preamble, "it's Ma. The baby's 'ere, but it won't be born and Mrs Feeny from next door says it's bad. Wiggens tol' me you wuz a right 'un. Will you come?"
Hardly had he disappeared when the sitting room door opened and in stepped a young woman.  She was neatly, if shabbily dressed, in a jacket slightly frayed at the cuffs and skirt neatly mended at the hem.  Her figure was trim and her costume otherwise nondescript except for a remarkable hat, for which an entire partridge had evidently given up his feathers and which she wore with a rakish tilt.  Her face was pretty in a China doll kind of way, her hair fashionably frizzed.  Overall, she exuded a kind of painful striving for refinement.  I put her down as a servant,  perhaps newly come into a small legacy on the death of her employer.
With some difficulty, I managed to persuade a cab-driver to take us all to Baker Street, by dint of offering him a handsome tip. The childrens' eyes were big as saucers at the prospect of actually being in a cab. Making conversation, I asked Billy if Neddie was his brother. "Naw'" he replied, "Neddie's my sister. It's safer for her, y'know, if we dress her up as a boy. She wants to be one of th'Irregulars, same as me, when she's older." Neddie nodded solemnly at this remarkable piece of information, looking up from her anxious contemplation of the kitten, which I had wrapped in a cloth and given her to hold. "E's named Oliver," she volunteered., "can you fix 'im, Doctor?"
As it happened, we struck pay dirt on at the first station we tried, where Holmes was able to secure Billy's release in short order. "'ighly irregular, but seenin's it's you , Mr Holmes..."
On the way out, he paused for a moment in front of the pier glass to adjust his top hat to a more fetching angle and took my arm.    I caught sight of the two of us and stopped dead.  Dressed as he was, Holmes made a perfectly convincing woman, with his waist nipped in to a fashionably slim silhouette and his sharp features softened by his veil, whilst I prided myself that I cut a decent figure in my hunting attire, which old as it was, still fitted me well enough.
When we arrived at the mews, the stable door was ajar and there was no one to be seen., except Oliver, pacing anxiously just outside. "There you are, you wretch," I said. He had grown into an enormous cat in the ensuing year since I had last seen him. Clearly, he was either the champion mouser that Billy had claimed, or else Tom had been generous with his 'bits'.
I was lazing in bed, contemplating the prospect of a leisurely morning in front of the fire with Mrs Hudson's excellent breakfast and perhaps an extra cup of coffee. Holmes had left my room not long ago. He and I had made rather a late night of it the previous evening, engaging in pleasurable, though highly immoral, not to say illegal activities and I was disinclined at first to arise and investigate the disturbance.
Casting a quick glance at Holmes, I replied, " I think we will be going out for a walk. Shortly, in fact. And we will be gone until quite late. And dining out. No need to make anything for us - no need at all, no indeed." Holmes's eyebrows climbed at that and he looked as if he were about to object, for the weather was most unpromising and we had rather planned on staying in, but I shook my head with a warning look at him and he subsided. The look of relief on Mrs Hudson's. face was unmistakable.
The kitten chose that moment to add his own comment by sinking his tiny claws into Holmes's trouser leg with a sharp "Miaou". With some difficulty, Mrs Hudson detached him and scooped him up saying, "the little mite lived then – Neddie will be so happy." Eyeing the kitten critically, she continued, "he looks as if he could use some feeding up, the same as you Mr Holmes. I'll just take him downstairs and give him some milk and leave you two gentlemen alone to celebrate properly. A Happy New Year to you both!" With a twinkle in her eye, she departed, closing the door firmly behind her.
"You're right Agatha," Holmes replied, reaching into his pocket.  "I do owe you something.  Can I…"
"I'm sure that's it, Watson," said Holmes frigidly.  "You're being most helpful."
"Oh, I do so look forward to that, my dear," he replied, dropping his voice to that deep velvety timbre that never failed to cause an agreeable shiver to run through me, "but perhaps not just at this precise moment, for I fancy I hear Mrs Hudson's tread upon the stair. She muttered something about champagne and sandwiches; an odd combination, certainly, but festive enough, I suppose, given the shortness of her notice." With a flourish, he opened the door to reveal Mrs Hudson on the landing and took the laden tray from her.
"Well, follow them," said Holmes, flipping the boy a coin. "Bring them back here if you can, or at least see where they've gone. We'd better get dressed and rescue Billy. A quick look at a map should allow me to deduce with relative certainty the station to which he's been taken. Mrs Hudson, perhaps you'll give the constable a cup of tea for his trouble."
Here, I shot Holmes an incredulous look.  He shrugged infinitesimally, but his ears had turned a bright red.
Christmas presents had duly been exchanged. There had been some lace for Mrs Hudson and a new pipe for Holmes; one that I had once seen him admire. I had had no doubt that he would know even before I handed him the package what it was that I had bought him, and so he did, but I had resigned myself to that long ago. My present from Holmes, a new dressing gown, was lying across the foot of my bed where it had been hastily discarded the night before.
"I'm not sorry old Milverton's gone either," she continued.  "He was a nasty bit of work and no mistake.  But I was just lucky I found that dosh and after the house was closed up and we was all turned out, I got to thinkin' and I went and found my Tom and told him what had happened and we made it up, right as rain, in spite of my bein' temporarily led astray by you, Mr Holmes.   If  I hadn't kept them tenners, Tom and me would be out on the street, like all the others.  As it is, well," she smiled triumphantly.  "We was married last month and it so happens I got prospects."
"Indeed, I'm very glad to be back," he replied as we clinked our three glasses together and said simultaneously, "to the New Year, then."
"I do apologise, Agatha," he said contritely.  "I'm sorry for being heedless and for trifling with your happiness and your future."  He paused, "but forty pounds won't go that far.  Are you sure…?"
As I uncertainly ascended the steps, the door was whisked open as if by magic and I was ushered in by a liveried footman.  Another appeared from nowhere and took my hat and gloves, murmuring "There is coffee on the sideboard in the dining room, sir" as he opened the door for me.
"Narrative verisimilitude?"  I supplied helpfully.
"Well, show us the way," commanded Holmes.
By now Neddie was awake. "My head hurts," were her first words as I knelt down with her, followed by a cry of "Oliver!"
"Then what…?"
"I could, you know," she replied and then she was off again.  "I got grounds for a breach of promise suit, and false representation, and maybe more besides.  He trifled with my affections and made a fool of me, that's what he did.  It's just lucky Tom stood by me and we made it all up, otherwise where'd I be?  He'd still be sittin' here all high-and mighty detective and I'd be all alone with nothing, that's what!"
The neighborhood at which we eventually arrived - on foot after the cabbie refused to take us farther - was down-at-heel, clinging desperately to the last vestiges of respectability. Not quite the worst sort of slum, it was still no place to be found after dark.
She hesitated for a long moment, her face troubled, then abruptly made up her mind.  "Right, then," she said.  "Look here, Mr Holmes.  I didn't really come to make trouble for you.  I know I could, but then I'd be no better than that Milverton, wouldn't I?  I didn't tell Mr Smithers anything that would lead him back to you.  I changed my story all around so's it wasn't you - I mean, not  Mr Holmes in it at all, though Escott was there all right.  And I had a friend draw up that picture for a joke, like.  I've heard about all the good you do and old Milverton's better off gone.  I saw many a fine lady - and gentleman, too - leave there in tears, with their lives ruined because of him.  And it all worked out for the best, didn't it?   I have my Tom and he wants to set himself up in a trade, so we'll be all right.  I just wanted to get a bit of my own back."
"We was comin' to find you, Dr Watson," the child continued "an' we fell asleep. We thought we wuz back in a doorway, but a policeman came along and tried to 'rest us. He got Billy, but Billy told me to find you, so I grabbed Oliver and ran. But they got Billy and they're goin' to put 'im in gaol. I found the 'ouse, but I couldn't reach th' bell. I was tryin' to jump for it when this copper came along. I wasn't tryin' to steal anythin' - honest! I just wanted to get you to help Billy!"
Some time later, I awoke with a start just in time to see Sherlock Holmes swirl into the room, discarding his wet jacket as he came in.
Holmes glared at me, but kept his peace and so we made our way back to Baker Street, with Neddie in Holmes's arms, me carrying the squirming Oliver, and a grinning Squeaker bringing up the rear.
"Now what do you think of that, Mister Sherlock Holmes?"
"But Agatha," he interposed, perhaps unwisely, "you weren't really a chambermaid."
A/N: Written for the December 27 entry in the 2016 WAdvent Fest. A sequel of sorts to my story
With a start, I realised that I had forgotten all about the kitten. I retrieved him from my pocket, where he had been ominously still and looked at him for the first time. He was breathing, but soaked and icy cold. "I'll try," I said. "Neddie, is it?" the child nodded, his eyes filled with tears.
We had hardly poured the tea, when a crashing noise wafted up the stairs. "What on earth was that, Holmes?" I exclaimed.
"How long has she been in labour?" I enquired.
"We walked and walked, till Neddie couldn't go no further, then we went to sleep. I thought we was off the street enough, but they came and nabbed me anyways. I yelled for Neddie to run and she grabbed Oliver and lit off like blazes," he said admiringly. "I guess she found you all right."
"Neddie?" cried Mrs Hudson. "Whatever are you doing on the stoop, child?"
"Good morning, Miss"  I said.  "Mr Holmes will be right with you."
"So much for our quiet Christmas season," I said with a chuckle, "I think perhaps you may need to get used to the children. They seem quite determined to attach themselves to the household and I'm sure they will be very useful. They are both bright youngsters. I have no doubt that we can manage to see to their schooling and help with their upkeep. As for Oliver, there have been mice in the walls ever since Mrs Hudson's Tabby passed away. Let us hope that he lives up to his fearsome reputation."
"Ah, I see you have had adventures of your own today Watson, judging from the urchins asleep in the kitchen, whom Mrs Hudson warned me to disturb only at my own peril. Now I see you have a kitten in your dressing gown. What's next? A ferret in your trouser pocket, perhaps? Shall I find a bull-pup in the bedroom?"
The children led me through a warren of vile alleys and passageways, twisting and turning to lose Dodger and his gang. Within minutes, I had lost all sense of direction. Finally, we charged into an evil-smelling back garden, ducked through a fence, and emerged at last on a street that looked relatively clean and familiar to me.
However, since I was eventually able to distinguish repeated cries of "Dr Wats'n! Dr Wats'n!" in a childish voice, I started up and threw on my new dressing gown to see what was the matter. As I hurriedly descended the steps, Holmes emerged from his room, similarly attired.
"Perhaps I shall," I replied, "Just for convenience, you understand. I find myself disinclined to walk up all those steps. I'll just bank the fire."
She nodded vigorously. "That's it, Dr Watson.  You're a real writer, aren't you?  she said, with an admiring look at me and a glare at Holmes.  She continued, "That's the word.  He said it only wanted a bit of gingerin' up and it'd be a best seller.  Then he said he could use a smart girl like me to provide the woman's point of view, like.  So,"  she continued triumphantly, oblivious to Holmes' growing horror, "Now I'm learning to be a typewriter, so's I can go to work for him.  So there!"
"And quite right, too," said the constable. "You know it's illegal to sleep on the public street. But 'oo's this Oliver and that still don't explain the wild animal you got in 'ere." He prodded the bag again with his foot and it fell open, slit as if by a savage claw. With an indescribable noise, somewhere between a hiss and a roar, tried beyond all patience, a huge ginger tabby burst out and glanced off the constable, who fell over backwards down the steps. His flailing foot caught me and had it not been for Holmes's lightning reflexes, I would have followed him. The cat cleared the railing in a single bound, and tore off down the street. Neddie wrenched herself from my grasp with a wail of "Oliver!" and ran off down the street after him, dodging the early morning traffic as she went, leaving the four of us staring after them.
"I was just on my way 'ome after my shift, when I saw this 'ere urchin was Morrisin' about on your doorstep, a'jumpin' up and down. Tryin' to steal the brass of the knocker, most likely." He gave the child another rough shake. "'e's got some sort of wild animal in that bag, too." He prodded the bag again, which caused the rumbling to increase in volume.
"Well, surely we can find something for you to do," I replied, catching Holmes's eye with a tiny shake of my head.
"Yes, she's coming up the steps."  When he made no move to rise I said, "well, go on.  You surely don't mean to receive her in your dressing gown."  He made a face, but obediently got up and swirled into his bedroom as footsteps began to ascend the stairs.  "Do entertain her, Watson - after all, the fair sex is your department.   I won't be a minute."
Holmes gave one of his tremendous stretches - he rather reminded me of a cat himself when he did so - and gave me a suggestive smile. " I think I'll turn in, old boy. Coming?"
The weather was as foul as I had feared and after rambling about for a little, we headed by some sort of unspoken accord , to Scotland Yard. After determining there was nothing to interest Holmes there, we repaired to Simpson's for dinner where we had felt the need to linger at the table, fortifying ourselves with more than one bottle of wine afterwards. Thus, it was quite late when we returned to Baker Street and no light showed under Mrs Hudson's door. All seemed quiet when we entered the sitting room. The fire in was still burning and the room was pleasant enough. The door to Holmes's bedroom was ajar and again, I thought I saw a flash of movement when we entered, but all seemed quiet and I said nothing.
"At least have your tea first, Watson. Your ablutions can wait, surely."
"Agatha'" said Holmes, seeing his chance, "just how many more were there?"
"Poll reckons I'm seven, Neddie's almost six, and Oliver's more'n a year." he replied stoutly. "She can clean for you and I can do the fetchin' and carryin' if you'll have us. Besides, I'm old enough to be a real Irregular now - I'll be ever so useful and earn my keep. And Oliver's a champion mouser an'..." Here Billy paused for breath.
"Holmes,"  I said,  "Miss Agatha is waiting."
Holmes's jaw dropped, then he shut his mouth with a snap.  "Wait.  I know just the thing," he exclaimed and darted from the room, leaving Agatha and me to exchange mystified glances.  A moment later he returned, bearing a large bag emblazoned in gold letters "Escott & Co. - We Plumb the Depths".
Holmes gave me a hand up, which I accepted gratefully, for my leg was paining me, then held on to me as I made to start after Neddie. "You can't go anywhere like that, old boy," he said, indicating our state of undress, "and neither can I."
After a few moments, he adjusted his veil and leaned closer to me to murmur into my ear.  "I suppose you are curious as to exactly what the purpose of this little adventure is, my dear Watson.  Unfortunately, I can only tell you that it involves a case of international espionage, in which one of the very highest names in the land could - nay
"I know it, Mr Holmes" she replied, "but I wanted to make you think a bit.  What you did  -  it wasn't right.   And you know the worst of it?  You never gave it another thought.  You got what you wanted, and Milverton's gone, and justice was served and that, but you never thought of what would happen to me, or Tom, or any of us, not one bit.  We're not like some characters in one of Dr Watson's stories.  We're real people and you would have ruined our lives without even blinking if I hadn't found those tenners."  She rose from her seat and stood, hands on her hips, facing Holmes fiercely.  "Well, haven't you got something to say to me?   Don't you owe me something?"
"What is it, Squeaker,' said Holmes, "where's Neddie?"
Holmes was absent when I returned to Baker Street late that evening from my club.  In his place,  I found a note, neatly placed on my desk, and addressed to me in his distinctive handwriting:
"Keep them here to-night, Mrs Hudson," I said quietly, "we can send them home with Wiggins or one of the other boys in the morning." Carefully carrying the kitten, I made my way with some difficulty up the stairs to the sitting-room.
She took the proffered glass from Holmes and patted his arm fondly. "It's good to have you back, Mr Holmes, that it is," she said.
"Holmes!" I cried, starting up from my doze. "You made it home after all."
"Well" she said, "there might have been three…"  Her voice trailed off as he continued to look expectantly at her.  Then she tossed her head and said, "all right.  There were four.  And I had to wash 'em off because they was all bloody.  But they was all that was between me and the street  and I'm not sorry I kept 'em!"
"It was pure chance, Holmes," I interposed, laying my hand on his knee, "my patient was fine."
Although I was fairly certain everything would still fit, making sure I was presentable to appear in Hyde Park by early morning was likely to require considerable effort on the part of both Mrs Hudson, the rest of the staff, and myself.  Mrs Hudson sighed and rolled her eyes heavenward when I presented my request for help, along with my sorely creased and wrinkled clothing, which smelled strongly of mothballs.  She sent Brigit scurrying off to iron my shirt and stock tie, while Billy applied himself diligently to my boots, and I pounced my top-hat.
As they entered, I thought I saw a flash of movement out of the corner of my eye, but when I looked again, there was nothing there. I forgot all about it when I realised that it was already afternoon and I had had neither breakfast nor luncheon. Passing a hand over my stubbly chin, I thought briefly about making myself a bit more presentable, but Holmes forestalled me.
We hastened down the stairs where Holmes, as usual, was able to secure a cab immediately. As we rattled off towards the East, I asked how he had managed to narrow down the list of possible destinations so quickly. "A simple calculation of how far it was likely two small children burdened with some amount of baggage would have been able to walk before succumbing to weariness, then estimating how far Neddie could have run, clutching the bag with that dratted cat, who is no insignificant weight, judging by the brief glimpse I had of him."
We clattered off South in the direction of Hyde Park, but instead of continuing to the park entrance, we veered off towards Mayfair and pulled up in front of an imposing town house.  "'Ere you go, guv, d'livered to the door." said the cabman with a flourish of his whip.
I burst into the room, ready for anything. Wordlessly, Holmes pointed to the bed. At its foot reclined Oliver, looking smug as only cats can manage. Laid out on the pillow was the neatly decapitated body of a freshly killed mouse.
.  "How terribly
"She fell," said the boy breathlessly, his words tumbling over one another in his haste. "I followed 'em down the street and into a mews. That Oliver went up in the loft with Neddie after 'im and she fell through a trap into one of th' loose-boxes. She's hit 'er head and she's a-layin' in th' hay rick and there's a 'orse in there. 'E was kicking up a ruckus and I didn't dare go in, so I come back for you."
I slipped into the stall and quickly examined the unconscious child, with Oliver twining anxiously around my ankles. She had a bruise on her forehead, where she had evidently struck it when she fell through the trap, but no other obvious injuries, so I gathered her up and carried her out of the stall. By this time Squeaker was back with the water, so Homes watered the horse and shut the stall door.
We left the children in her capable hands and went upstairs, with Oliver twining about Holmes's legs, as he half-heartedly tried to shoo him off. Shutting the door firmly behind us when we got to the top, he collapsed into his chair before the fire. "I declare, Watson," he groaned, "chasing criminals across half of London is not half so fatiguing as dealing with children - and that dratted cat! - for two hours!"
On this particular occasion, he had wanted me to join him on a case that would have kept us away over the New Year, while I maintained that I could not go, due to the impending confinement of one of my patients. He, quite reasonably, had pointed out that her due date was still some two weeks hence, that there were other doctors in London, and furthermore that there was no reason to suppose that she would be confined early or that the birth would be difficult. On the other hand, I contended that I did not feel comfortable leaving her with her time so close and so many unknowns with a first birth. We had both felt that right was on our side, and words had been exchanged which I now regretted exceedingly.
For once, Holmes was at a loss for words.  He opened his mouth and then shut it again abruptly, perhaps realising that there was nothing he could say to Agatha that would not make matters even worse.  He shot me a look of desperation.
Holmes cleared his throat.
"This is Billy and Neddie," I began, when Neddie piped up, holding up the still kitten "and Oliver." Mrs Hudson's eyes met mine and she softened visibly. "Go on upstairs, Doctor," she said. "I'll send up some hot water for you and Oliver and you two," she continued, addressing the children, "come with me and let's find you something to eat."
"I did, and they weren't 'alf flyin' too," he replied admiringly. "Was that Neddie and that Oliver? He's growed up all right. I ain't seen them in a while."
"Infuriating man," I muttered  as I trudged upstairs to unearth the requested clothing.  Although like any Army officer, I could ride a horse and even, I fancied, cut a respectable figure in the hunting-field if required, I had no great love of the sport.  Holmes, I knew, rode like a centaur - a legacy, no doubt, of that country boyhood about which he never spoke.
"Well," she beamed, all animosity forgotten.  "That's fair enough spoken, Mr Holmes.  This'll be just the start Tom needs to set him up.  I'll be taking this on to him, then."  She turned to go, but looked back as she reached the door. "It's lucky for you I have my Tom, Mr Holmes.  You know, old Escott wasn't half bad, after all."  With a final triumphant look at both of us, she tripped off down the stairs.
"You're forgiven already, dear fellow," I exclaimed and pulled him into a deep kiss, the mingled flavours of tobacco and the champagne we had shared a heady mixture on my tongue. "Here's to 1895," I said against his mouth, "and may it continue as well as it has begun!"
"I'll try, Neddie" I replied with misgivings, but what else could I say?
As soon as we arrived at the house, the girl darted forward to open the door and led me up a flight of rickety stairs without any further ado. In one corner of the crowded room which we entered was a bed upon which lay a moaning woman, tended by a stout woman - evidently 'Mrs Feeny, from next door'.
"As if," she said rounding on me scornfully.  "They'd be in some Constable's pocket before you could say knife, or else I'd be in all the more trouble for it with them askin' how many more there was."
"If you are all that tired..." I let my voice trail off deliberately, raising a eyebrow at him.
Chuckling, I said, "he's only brought you a belated Christmas gift in return for saving Neddie, Holmes, isn't that nice? He likes you."
"You could," I interposed, "have turned them over to the police."
******************
Holmes's eyes crinkled with laughter. "Well, my dear, it appears that we have our marching orders'" he said, as the clock chimed midnight and bells began to ring wildly outside. Dropping down beside me on the settee, he said sheepishly, "I, hm, I should not have tried to impose my will upon you Watson. It seems from the way events unfolded that you were quite right to stay."
Rolling up my sleeves, I set to work. By rights, I should have been called in much earlier, but I knew they had put it off as long as possible, hoping to save on the fee.
A footman handed me my things and opened the door for us without a second glance.   I found myself propelled down the steps with Holmes's arm hooked through mine, whilst he chattered away in rapid French, of which I understood not a word.  Outside, I found, not the horses I had expected, but a neat open landau with a matched pair of bays and a postillion standing ready at their heads.
"Easy Neddie," I said, "he's right here." And indeed he was, purring loudly, lashing his tail. and generally interfering with my efforts to check her over. "We need to get her back to Baker Street, where it's warmer."
"I'll carry her back, Watson," Holmes said. "Can you bring that dratted cat along?"
Back at home, we were treated to the sight of Billy opening the door for us, dressed in one of Holmes's second-best shirts, chattering excitedly about cocoa and bread "an' butter, too". There was some for Squeaker also and Neddie as well, as soon as I had made certain that she was not concussed and would be fine after a meal and some sleep. "But she will have to clean up first," Mrs Hudson said determinedly. "I'll not have her eating at my table as dirty as that. I'll send the maid up with tea for you gentlemen in a few minutes."
She looked down. "Well," she admitted, "I suppose I did."  I held my breath.  Behind me, I could feel Holmes' tension.
"Holmes." I said quietly, "I rather think you owe the lady an apology, don't you?"  Turning to face her, I drew a deep breath.  "For my part, Miss Agatha, I apologise to you.  I misrepresented you in my story.  I never thought, either and I'm sorry for it."
"Hold on, constable, we're coming down directly," Holmes called out and together we descended the stairs. Mrs Hudson arrived a step ahead of us and unlocked the door.
a true gent.   Dr Watson,  I accept your apology."  She glared at Holmes.  I elbowed him hard in the ribs.
I went to one knee as the child, whom I now recognized as one of the youngest of Holmes's Irregulars, picked himself up and pleaded with me "Doctor Watson, get 'im, please get 'im." pointing at what I now made out to be a scrawny ginger kitten. He had landed on a piece of flotsam and was in imminent danger of being swept away by the current. With a mental shrug – my trousers were probably irretrievable by now in any case, I carefully waded into the gutter and keeping me feet with difficulty, retrieved the kitten, which lay cold and seemingly lifeless in my hand.
"Good…" he began, but the words froze on his lips as she turned to face him.
As we started back for Baker Street, with a wide-eyed Billy in the cab between us, I asked him how things had come to such a pass. After repeating substantially what Neddie had already told us, with embellishments, "Tom's not a bad sort, always 'ad a bit for Oliver." He confirmed why they had left. "Polly didn't want us to go to work in a factory, even though we're old enough, so she give us a shillin' from her washin' money and told us to go find you, that maybe you could find us some work, so we set off. Tom won't be 'alf mad when he finds out what she done, neither."
"As you see," he said, holding out his hands to the fire. "We'll make a detective of you yet, Watson. I wound up the case early – childishly simple, to be sure – and found that I very much wanted to see the New Year in with you. The train schedule was favourable and here I am." He came over and bent to kiss me. As I reached up to him, there was a sharp little cry from the front of my dressing gown and tiny orange face poked out of its folds.
The child went on bravely, though her lip trembled. "Ma died, and then the baby, and Dad left. Polly married Tom, the cats' meat man, and they took us, but Polly's expectin' and Tom said 'e couldn't keep us no more, with a family of their own on the way, so Polly give Billy a sixpence and said to find you, Dr Watson, and maybe Ol' L-." she paused, bit her lip and went on "Mrs "Udson'd have work for us, now that I'm more grown up. And Oliver's ever so good at mousin' - even catches rats, 'e does. But it's a long walk over 'ere and we was tired and fell asleep, and the next thing I knew a copper 'ad ahold of Billy and 'e said to find you, and I grabbed Oliver and ran, and 'ere I am!"
She cut him off, furious tears in her eyes.  "Don't you dare say it Mr Holmes!  Don't you offer me money!  It ain't money I want from you!"
All was in readiness by morning as I descended the stairs hat in hand, feeling faintly foolish, togged out as I was in my riding kit in the middle of London.
I bade Mrs Hudson fetch a cab while I got my bag and within moments we were sloshing down the streets in the direction of the river. As we went, the girl told me about her family. This was her mothers' sixth child, with three living. Her 'Da' was a knife-grinder and I deduced that his income was sufficient to keep them above absolute penury – barely; although, "he drinks a bit," she admitted, "but Ma takes in washing and I help, so we manage".
"Here," he said, handing it to Agatha.  "I'm sure Tom can use this.  Give it to him with my best wishes for his success and yours, too, in your new endeavours.  And I promise to be more considerate in future."
"Shhh," he said, darting forward to kiss me on both cheeks in the French fashion. "For today, I am Mademoiselle Simone Delacourt,  a great friend of Lord and Lady D'Aubigny, whose house this is and you are my escort - let me see - shall we give you a title?"  At my horrified look, he continued smoothly "…or perhaps not.  You always have the unmistakable bearing of a military man.  You shall be Captain Jack Ponsonby, I think, late of Her Majesty's Indian Army.  Yes, that should do nicely  Now, come along,
Here Mrs Hudson interposed. "Constable, put that child down immediately!" she said sternly. "Can't you see you're hurting him?" Abashed, the constable set the child on his feet, but retained a firm hold on his arm.
"But Agatha," Holmes began.
"Well..." the constable said slowly, obviously working this through, "what call had the likes o' 'im to be a'knockin' on your door at this hour of morning, anyways?"
Holmes sauntered off with a smirk, leaving his bedroom door open. It was only a moment later, however, when there came an outraged cry of "Watson! Come here - I need you." I leapt up, grabbing the poker on my way to the bedroom door, for there had been an unmistakable note of alarm in Holmes's voice.
I sat forward in my chair and looked earnestly at Agatha.  "But you have to admit, it was for a good cause.  Milverton was the worst kind of blackguard.   He ruined people's lives for his own gain and he did it with a smile.  You must have known that."
"What do you think happened?  Once the police finished investigatin' the house was shut up and we was all turned out, that's what happened.  Things would have been right thin for me, what with bein' out of place with no character and no prospects, except that…"  The flow of words faltered and her eyes flashed up to meet Holmes' then quickly dropped again,  "…except that I found a couple of stray tenners in a corner when I was cleanin' up old Milverton's study afterwards and who was to say who they belonged to anyway?  It's not as though he come by them honest.  And what was I s'posed to have done with them?  I couldn't hardly advertise about 'em, could I?  'Lost near Hampstead, several tenners.  Owner can have same by identifying them.'  I'd have half London on my doorstep and the police if I tried that!"
"I'm sure I'm very happy to hear it,"  Holmes interjected as he tried vainly to stop the flow of words, but she went on.
Her mouth set in a hard line.  "No," she agreed, "but I had my hopes.  And you put paid to that, didn't you?  Besides, Mr Smithers said it added interest to the story.  Maid-of-all-work didn't have quite the same ring to it. 'High jinks in high life' he said, 'that's just the ticket!'"
This was new territory for us both and we were still in the process of trying to feel our way to some sort of happy medium. I did not doubt the depth of my regard for him – nor his for me – but finding some sort of balance between us had proven to be difficult. Like many lovers' quarrels, this one had been about something quite different from its ostensible subject. While my dear Mary had not always deferred to my opinion by any means, she had always expressed herself with a degree of reticence, whereas Holmes was never shy of expressing his wishes in the strongest possible terms. For years I had followed Holmes's lead unquestioningly, but now that we were lovers I suppose I felt the need to establish myself as my own man, not just Holmes's satellite and inevitably, this led us to disagree.
"I accept your apology, too, then, Mr Holmes," she said magnanimously.  "But..." she hesitated and looked down.  "Tom is thinking of settin' himself up in a trade and…" her voice trailed off.
The weather did nothing to raise my spirits. It was raining outside – a dreary combination of near-freezing temperatures and moisture which had combined to flood the streets with not-quite slush and caused my old wounds to ache, giving me a most profound sympathy for any poor wretches whose shelter was not as comfortable as my own snug retreat.
She appeared at the bottom of the stairs a moment later, imperturbable as always, but there was a definite note of strain in her voice when she replied. "Right as rain, Doctor, right as rain. Ah - will you gentlemen be dining in this evening?"
The child looked up at me, scrubbing the tears from his eyes with his coat sleeve. "Don't you know me, Dr Wats'n? " he asked?
I threw up the sash and stuck my head out the window to see what the disturbance was. On the stoop outside was a large policeman, shaking a struggling child by the collar.
The constable, who was examining his scratched helmet with a scowl, looked up eagerly at this. Mrs Hudson gave Holmes a meaningful look and replied, "Of course and I was just putting in some seedy cake as well." Holmes winked at her and ushered me upstairs with him.
I sat back down and applied myself to my tea, but hardly had I begun when there was another clatter. This time, I opened the door and called out, "Is everything all right, Mrs Hudson?"
Still, it could not be denied that Milverton was indeed dead, his blackmailer's stranglehold on hundreds in the City destroyed.  London breathed a collective sigh of relief and, as those affected were certain that Mr Sherlock Holmes had had at least some hand in this agreeable conclusion,  cases had been plentiful of late.
My service in the Army had taught me to ready myself quickly, but when I re-entered the sitting room, Holmes was there before me, already looking over a London map. He made a note on his shirt cuff and looked up, his eyes gleaming. "He must be in one of two stations. Let's be off!"
Just at that moment, the cab pulled up in front of Baker Street. Holmes was out in a flash, leaving me to deal with the fare, just as the boy he had sent after Neddie came into view. Neddie herself was nowhere in sight.
"There," she said with a smile for me.  "
The child with me launched himself at the pair, shouting "You leave Neddie alone!" I had no choice but to follow as fast as I was able. Seeing the two of us bearing down on him, the youth gave the child a shove and tossed whatever it was he had been holding into the overflowing gutter, then took to his heels with a shout of "Just you wait Billy Tompkins, I'll be back!"
"What seems to be the trouble, constable?" demanded Holmes, wrapping his dressing gown more tightly about himself, for the air was icy.
When we arrived at last at Baker Street, Mrs Hudson met us at the door. "Oh, Doctor, I'm so glad you're back", she began. "You've been gone for hours and I was starting to worry. Is your patient…" here she broke off abruptly, having caught sight of my little companions and taken in my own bedraggled appearance.
"Indeed you do, Doctor," Mrs Hudson agreed with a smile as she brushed an imaginary speck of dust off my shoulder.   Thus reassured, I clapped my now shiny top-hat on my head, and descended the steps, to find the promised cab awaiting me.
It was a grey morning in early spring and we had lingered over the breakfast table.  I lit a cigarette and wandered over to the window, where I pulled back the curtain and looked down at Baker Street.  "Holmes," I said, "I believe we may have a client."
“Please.”
“No thanks, dear. Where is Sherlock?”
Best to everyone, and wishing you all well,
“Good morning, Healer Sawyer. When we’re alone, I’d rather you call me John, and I you, Sarah. Do you mind?” John stepped closer to the witch, who had left the office to meet him, and leaned forward a little. Even with his short stature, he knew how to make himself look confident through acting like this. Of course, compared to Sherlock, who easily and professionally succeeded in invading someone else’s personal space, he was quite far away from such skills, nor did he pursue his goal to embarrass. But with such slight aggressive behavior, as he knew from personal experience, he could more than eloquently demonstrate his interest. When Sherlock did that, he involuntarily took it that way.
“Not that it is a problem, but I will be frank with you, Holmes is simply unbearable.”
John decided that even this witch's laugh was pleasant.
A black flower with almost transparent petals blossomed familiarly over the body, spreading out in all directions to dissolve again in the air into black ash from the first awkward movement. The Necromancer Hooper cried out in surprise, but immediately pulled herself together. John didn’t know what went wrong, but after the distraction of the flower, the runes created by Molly also scattered, as well as the pentagram going out.
“Oh, Greg, good evening.” Opening the door and finding a familiar figure in a coat greeted John and he took a breath of relief. To end this day by communicating with both Holmes brothers at once was definitely not a pleasant pastime for him. Although he never had the opportunity to thank the Necromancer for his useful and timely gift, he still had no desire to see him.
He was not tempted by the prospect of being late for a meeting with his temporary, and in the long term, permanent Inspector. John hoped to the last that it would be Lestrade. What was his surprise when he found out that not only the Inspector had only one ward in the person of the dark mage Sherlock Holmes, but that he also served as an agent in the most prestigious operational unit of the MSD (1), in the DMC (2). He could hardly imagine how the Inspector's duties were imposed on the already active operative. But he, John Watson, certainly did not get the same special attention. Of course, he did not have an older brother who not only had influence and power, but who was clearly a strong practitioner. His closest relatives were only a sister who abused life-giving drinks (3), and who, even in her best years, was a rather mediocre witch. There was no question of any influence or connections.
“Ready.”
“Sherlock!” John didn’t know what prompted him to call out Holmes warily. Both the building itself and the floor they needed - everything seemed completely harmless. But he knew for sure that an unpleasant surprise awaited them behind a door with impressive locks.
Sherlock was not familiar with the Ritual, that he, not without the help of Lestrade and his people (here he had to give them their credit), did not allow it to take place. It was not a Call or even a Binding, as he decided at first because of the sandal ash scattered everywhere, from which John's lips were pleasantly bitter, but which he still wanted to brush from his face, hair and bare shoulders.
“What did he do this time?” John wearily rubbed his eyes and sank into his favorite chair, preparing to listen to the skull’s displeasure. Though he already had a good guess what it was about. He strongly suspected communication with Sebastian Wilkes could hardly cheer anyone up. Given his already strained relationship with Holmes, it wasn’t surprising that Sherlock was out of sorts. John considered himself lucky enough to slip out the door at the very beginning of this unpleasant telephone conversation between the two, which he now ranked as a personal achievement. His day, unlike Holmes’, was very productive, even if it was filled with the usual household chores.
The path to a fulfilling life in the magical society for him, was littered with an astonishing number of forms and documents. And this was not counting the letters that came almost every day from various departments and subdepartments, even the patronage of Mycroft Holmes did not help. John was almost lost in all of the plethora of certificates and papers the long-awaited letter and invitation to an interview with his potential Inspector required.
“I agree.”
, thanks a lot for your help!!!!)
UPDATE
to finish beting this chap (we started in March) but now I really don't know what to do!!((((( She is not answering my mails and I hope nothing really serious happaned to her. I'm really worried!!!
The hand, falling confidently on his shoulder, of course, could only belong to Sherlock Holmes. Suddenly John was pulled and firmly pressed against the tall figure of the dark mage, who shielded him from both the curious glances that they were now drawing and from involuntary collisions with other passers-by. Walking beside Holmes was even better than holding hands with him, so they became even closer.
He didn’t want to ruin the pleasant atmosphere between them with an uncomfortable topic, but he wouldn’t be himself if he hadn’t risked anything.
It was dark outside, and it appeared to be raining, though it might only have seemed so. The enchanted windows of the Library rarely provided the opportunity to pinpoint exactly what was happening outside. Too many ancient books and folios resonating, always slightly distorting the space in close quarters with it. John took out his mobile and, unlocking the screen, espied out in the darkness, a part of the worn floor and the peeling wall of the corridor, at the end of which a silhouette of a Guardian froze.
“I have learned that courses are being held at your Temple for beginning Seers. Can I sign up if it's still up to date?”
“Do you think they’re involved in this?”
"Hmm? Oh, here." John obediently placed his into Sherlock's outstretched hand. At least this time he was asked for permission, and not just unceremoniously grabbed, which was a pleasant exception these days. Who would have expected that he would get such politeness from Holmes, who rarely bothered himself with such social norms.
The elderly witch was definitely not a Healer or a Necromancer, at one time he thought about the class of Oracles and Seers, but that wasn’t confirmed. He hardly believed that she could even be a Battlemage in her youth, like Lestrade or most of the Ministry Agents. He was sure he had definitely heard that her late husband was a dark mage though. As a Healer, he encountered a wide variety of mages, but when reading someone else’s aura, he had never thought to associate a particular Class to the color and intensity of the spread of an aura. It didn’t matter to his work, and he certainly didn’t have enough time to satisfy his simple curiosity. Likewise, in addition to her using the elementary everyday spells, John had never seen the elderly witch conjure, making it even more difficult for him to recognize her belonging to a Class, thus it remained a mystery to him. And the cause of awful curiosity.
They were able to get a table by a window overlooking a busy street, but Holmes never glanced in that direction, preferring to watch him. This, of course, to some extent, flattered John's pride, though it was a little alarming all the same. John wanted to sit like this a little longer and enjoy the short lull and Sherlock’s attention, but they had more important things to do now that he had refreshed himself and recovered a little bit of his energy.
2 - For Necromancers, the fifth and final stage is becoming a Leach. So a Necromancer becomes undead instead of dead. To do this, the "Ritual of eternal Night" must be carried out, during which the magician makes human sacrifices, enters his\her soul in a phylactery, which is a glass vial that contains the magical essence of a being, then dies and is then reborn as a full Leach. The transition to the third stage and above is a criminal offense.
“Are you seeking salvation? So you will find it. You have already found it.”
There was nothing special about this conclusion, but the praise was still very pleasant to him. Today, the dark mage was unusually generous with compliments, even with the mood spoiled by Inspector Dimmock and the poorly progressing investigation.
And now, sitting opposite his potential employer and just nice, witch, John more and more desperately wanted the answer to be yes.
It was an ordinary London evening, damp and chilly, with a premonition of rain, he was not in danger of getting wet because he forgot his umbrella. And if he wasn’t too lazy, then he could even not freeze by casting a warming spell. Out of habit, John ran his fingers through his pockets, where he now always carried his permission. He couldn’t even think that he would begin to value this piece of plastic so much, previously taking it for granted, he began to especially appreciate it after what had happened to him.
With trembling hands, in uneven lines, he entered the date, time, and essence of the dream into the already existing table. He managed to effectively stumble across the Internet into a forum of the Dreamers, from which he took some practical advice. One such piece of advice was to keep a dream diary, which he now compelled himself to do.
He had a choice to resume the practice of the Healer, though not at the same level, but for this, he first had to find a place where he could have part-time work, the opportunity to constantly ask for time off and, most importantly, no serious patients. John still doubted that even with his new-found Balance, he could fully deal with the treatment of people, so he saw a real option of either a small private practice, or a municipal hospital in the outskirts, which would be glad to welcome any Healer. It was certainly not worth hoping for a great salary, of course, with such options, but he could at least start with that. Lost in thought, John didn’t notice pulling on and buttoning his jacket on autopilot, going out into the street, emerging from the dark walls of the Library.
I think I won't have strick shedule for posting - may be as soon as we with
People dusted with red slowly walked past him, their gray expressionless faces merged, for him, into one continuous and blurred stream of despondency, so it was impossible to even make out the mixture of races, ages, and sex. This picture was both equally frightening and mesmerizing. Against the backdrop of bright red and yellow paper lanterns, black and gold hieroglyphs, the signs and inscriptions of the neighborhoods of London belonging to the Chinese diaspora, all these people seemed just a kind of gray shapeless mass, devoid of purpose and desires. He could be wrong in his impression, but as a Healer, who had seen a great deal of mental illnesses in his practice, he could still distinguish the main signs.
Enjoy)))
“In a couple of houses up from here there will be a cozy cafe, if you have some time, maybe we can stop by?”
On the wall before him, with bright yellow streaks as if nothing had happened, settling down were familiar yellow signs, beckoning with a promise to reveal their unknown meanings. Increasingly he began to come across whole inscriptions instead of lonely symbols, once again confirming his theory that they were still some kind of message, of how to read, however, he still did not know.
“Oh, Gods, Christmas dinner in your family... No, no, I don't even want to imagine it.”
“Thanks, John.”
He is only mine.
“Mmmm, maybe.”
“Good morning, Healer Watson.”
“What did you find out?” He was flattered to hear something like that from the dark mage, usually stingy with praise, but he still didn’t understand how he could be of help.
“I didn’t think that you, too, could see these signs,” a quiet female voice murmured from somewhere to his right, startling him a little.
John tried to brush aside the cobwebs that had fallen on him, expecting that it would crumble at his touch, but it was surprisingly in no hurry to turn into a vanishing suspension, instead entwining him with strong bonds.
Of course John wondered what this former classmate of Holmes was like, a man who knew Sherlock as a young, and no doubt promising mage. John could definitely not refuse to find out if Sherlock had been fond of dark magic even then, whether he was just as cold and detached or just as closed and lonely.
“Even my soul became brighter... You know, John, I'm more and more glad that you decided to choose us.”
The head finally stopped swinging from side to side, and now blind eyes were looking directly at him.  He barely suppressed the involuntary urge to take a step back. What was talking to them now was definitely not Wang Kun's summoned soul; his faint shadow still huddled fearfully against him, not even trying to get close to his own body.
Patrick leaned closer, as if he was about to share an important secret. And judging by his next words, for him it was so.
Walking past the dirty shop windows and shabby walls, he now began to notice simple signs everywhere; they embellished the gray walls of the houses and fences with their cheerful yellow color. On these streets, he saw himself as he once was, abandoned and lost, looking for something without the ability to find. Unlike many, he was lucky to escape from those monotonous days, and now around him, branching and swirling, a luminous stream was cascading; now he could not only clearly see it, but also touch it. John bathed in him, as if, for the first time, enjoying his invisible touch on his face and hands not hidden by layers of clothing.
The evening did not promise to be interesting, but after an eventful day, running around half of London on Holmes’ errands, he only wanted a little peace. He was tired of the abundance of alien magic and spells, and communication with officials and Agents of the Ministry of Magic, who, even to the most patient person, which he never considered himself, could spoil his karma. Unsurprisingly, Sherlock shoved all of this tedious but necessary routines onto him as his partner. Sometimes, in such cases, he involuntarily even had suspicions that the dark mage had drawn him into his Work, so as not to do something like this himself. However, such thoughts didn’t linger in his mind for a long time, supplanted as they were by other pressing matters.
“You glow so brightly, John. Why don't you hide your aura? This can be dangerous for people like us.”
"Mycroft," John greeted the Necromancer politely; unlike Sherlock, he still worried about the generally accepted norms of decency, besides, he was a little shy in front of Holmes senior, and he wasn’t even ashamed to admit it.
After waking up, he always remembered every little detail. This time he dreamed that he became a bird. In this dream, an ash-white wall of mountains stretched before him, its snow-covered peaks gleaming redgold in the red-yellow sun. The mountains flowed smoothly into the forest. Majestic trees in dark green armor gazed at the sky with hostility. Nearby was hidden a wide valley covered with pebbles and boulders abutting against inaccessible slopes. In the middle of the valley, meandering and rustling, a river ran, bubbling with foam between stones and trunks brought by the stream.
“Brian Lukis. A freelance journalist,” Sherlock replied, displeased, still looking at him suspiciously.
The Stream let them in indifferently, and John froze at the very edge, giving the children time to get used to the new unfamiliar sensations. He was pleased to hear the kids’ admiring sighs, and he sincerely hoped that this would help them.
“Oh, yes... thank you for responding so quickly to my request.”
“A vessel or a phylactery (2),” Mycroft explained in a pleasant voice, his eyes fixed on him. “And yes, I agree with you, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Something else?”
John rubbed the amulet in embarrassment again, but didn’t look away. His answer was so hasty that even a deaf person would have guessed that by it, he meant something completely different and not that he had time to tour his future place of work.
“You saw right.”
The door flew open with a bang, admitting a familiar figure in a dark coat. An unexpected and rather spectacular appearance launched a pulsating wave along the runes; the magic around it trembled, pulling the spells that held it back, and froze uneasily. Something like this John subconsciously waited for all this time, so he was not even surprised.
When he was walking along a busy street, he had been shoved hard by a stranger, who without even apologizing, quickly disappeared. John did not even have time to be indignant, he himself had to apologize to a girl, whom he unwillingly hurt trying to maintain balance after the push. So there were traces of brickwork on his sleeve and trouser leg, which he was not lucky to hit as a result. But he still saw nothing special about what had happened.
“You could have told me,” John muttered, smiling. What he got, was a look that clearly said, "and where is the fun in that?" and a demonstrative shrug of shoulders wrapped in a navy blue silk robe. Holmes didn’t even bother to tie it up, and now John could see silk pajama pants, t-shirt stretched around the neck and gray from numerous washes. White graceful feet, not hidden now by expensive shoes, looked strangely defenseless against the background of a multi-colored carpet in their living room. “It's amazing.”
“Hardly,” the evasive answer was still more honest than denial.
Losing his appetite after their short talk, he went up to his room, and, opening the closet, spent a few minutes contemplating its contents. His only suit, with a specially chosen, and purchased, shirt for him, were the only logical choices for the upcoming meeting, though he still would have preferred his usual jumper and jeans.
The Necromancer Mycroft Holmes, whatever he would invariably answer to, to the question about his position in the Ministry, couldn’t just be a minor official in the Transport Department. But John still had to nod and agree with the wording, no matter how curious he was. And now he knew for sure that Holmes senior had borrowed someone's office to meet with them.
He unwittingly drew himself up and offered his help, for which he was rewarded with the glances of three imperturbable pairs of eyes. However, he was politely refused, receiving a fragrant cup of tea, smoothing the impression that he was the main dish at this lunch. Both the perfectly brewed tea and the fresh biscuits were excellent, he even slipped a few to Sherlock, still sitting there pretending to be a displeased statue.
“Silence!” After a sharp shout everyone immediately calmed down as usual.
S x J  S x J  S x J
I am so sorry for disappearing the way I did on LeAglani, all of you, and on Sandal Ash, (myself as well). It wasn’t my intent to disappear the way I did, but grief and depression overwhelmed me for a while, and I struggled to get back on my feet. I’m back, hopefully to stay, and not disappear like that again. I feel terrible for disappearing so abruptly and being missing in action. I can’t promise crazy fast updates of the next few chapters, but I can promise to be steadier in sending back chapters to LeAglani.
No one grabbed him by hand, but he still felt out of place, occasionally bumping into someone, and out of habit, apologizing. Once again dodging a collision with an elderly man walking mindlessly somewhere in an incomprehensible direction, John decided it was time to start the main part of the assignment he received from Sherlock. The longer he remained in the street among all these people, the more it began to seem to him that he was being haunted by other people’s greedy looks.
Every Thinker remembered their first Thought. Hard not to remember the first time you see your soul printed forever on your body. Many times they were vague, simple, confusing to all but their owner. While they often appeared on visible, potentially embarrassing places, they were usually faint and small enough not to draw excessive notice. Even when noticed, it was common practice not to comment on them. They were a fact of life, each individual's facts of life sprawling over their skin.
"You won't see anything, John." Startled, John looked into his eyes guiltily.
John doesn't understand until later. Until the three years of lies and heartbreak and fury have compressed into bruised lips and clutching hands on his hips that burn, until Sherlock has traced his every Thought with his fingers and with his tongue, until they climax together, furious, cathartic, until Sherlock goes pink when John cleans them off, until John grabs Sherlock's wrist to keep him there. John doesn't understand until he wakes up with Sherlock Holmes.
