“Jack can stay as long as he needs,” Nodding Sam pulled Jimmy closer. “Maybe I should have asked Balthazar for your hand,”
“Welcome,” Taking a gulp Lucifer moved shifting and straddling Darius's lap smirking at him. “We can have a little fun before you go back downstairs,”
Looking into the cup for a long second Castiel thought about going back, to say he was sorry, it was his fault, he must have done something or said something or just wasn’t enough and he could fix it.
Going downstairs he stopped hearing Dean talking to someone on the phone. Instincts told him to go somewhere else, but he wondered, maybe slightly fearful or shamefully to see what Dean would do if he walked over.
“Mine either, at least you’ll keep me company, but if you want to kill me and put me out of my misery you can,”
“What do you want to eat?” Castiel asked before pausing remembering that there was no food in the house. “Oh… we don’t have groceries,”
Nodding Dean pulled the Omega along to a part of the place where they had tables facing out so people could watch others dancing and eat until they were ready to go join them. Helping Cas to the table he offered to take his coat, watching the small, confused look he had on before pulling out a chair.Slowly the Omega sat down.
Watching as the Alpha walked away, he had to keep working on the car glancing over every few minutes. Ten minutes felt like a long time until finally, he saw the man come out with Castiel who helped him carry in the suitcase. There was a moment where he had to pause seeing Jason smiling at him, pulling out something from his jacket handing it to the Omega who looked it over his hand running over the picture with a small smile.
“I had mine, it was over right before we heard you were in the hospital,” Rubbing the patch he winces. “It’s not a rut coming on,”
“No, the guy thought a little bit of pink in the baked chicken he made, wasn’t gonna hurt him,” Dean sighed. “You know, before I moved in with Bobby, I didn’t know how to cook more than a few very basic meals, rest was just cereal, or whatever I could find in the house.”
“I’m listening,” Castiel looked back out the window. It was raining today. Cold gray clouds cause a chill when someone walked outside to breathe in the crisp air. “And I’m not lying.”
“Lucifer and I have our issues, then and now, but he was miserable, so, I asked our parents what it would take to let Lucifer out from his agreement.”
Face red Castiel tried to hide his face with his arm. Gasping as the thumb pressed down gently, his hips quivered in need. Looking up with begging eyes
“A few times, but that was when he was seeing that Alpha, and then soon, we didn’t see him at all,” Sighing Jack brought over the food giving her the plate as she let out an ‘Oooh, yummy’ before he sat down. “My Uncle Balthazar would go over there all the time trying to talk to him. Banging on the door while I’d stay in the car. They never opened the door, but I know that it went on until they moved to an apartment, we didn’t have the address to it though.”
"Uh, can it wait a few hours? Like he said they just got him back," Plus Dean wasn't ready to die via In-laws yet. "I can tell you were the guy worked. And there was another Alpha there, I think she was called Linda."
Seeing Jason in a good mood made Castiel nervous. He knew that he went next door to talk with Dean and fix the car. The fact he had been outside a long while only coming in when dinner was made had set him on edge.
Standing behind by the back door Castiel held a knife in his hand looking around knowing that he hadn’t seen something his mind made up. Nerves flared he looked around trying to see if he could spot where they went.
“Well, I looked into it and from what we can put together we know that Dan had taken off with your brother around the bus station, but since it’s been so long there is no way to get video footage, but wait,” Shuffling through the papers Sam pulled out a paper. “Look.”
The call had given him enough time to scramble and put things away. If Dean knew it or not it had been a great help. It even shocked him when Jason brought him home a picture of his family.
Looking at the time on his phone he groaned knowing he had no time to get go back home, change and head to class. Sending a text to Sam, he covered the food with a paper towel.
They told him to go home and rest. Honestly, Castiel had no idea why he was tired. It wasn’t like he had woken up all night only tired. Standing up he almost walked out with the cat when he realized he was still holding him.
Picking up a plain piece Castiel leaned over a little bit helping Dean eat the bread as he watched. The Alpha downed the bread. Grabbing some water, he helped Dean with that too as he ate his frosted bread.
It gave him a few seconds to knock him off. Scrambling away Jimmy ran towards the door only to be cut off by the killer. Taking off to he tried to head to the kitchen for a knife or something Jimmy circled the table trying to keep the killer away from him. Grabbing the fruit on the table he flung them at the Alpha trying to get around to the knives.
“Hello, new neighbors!” The Omega greeted. “We didn’t know someone moved in until we saw you two yesterday,”
“Turns out they want me to auction it. Gonna check out the auction tomorrow see if they have some slots open next week.” Dean looked at his food before looking upstairs. It was rude for Jason to start eating without the person who spent hours cooking the food. Looking back, he realized that the other Alpha couldn't care less if his Omega was there. When Castiel came back sitting down Dean smiled. “Hey, there you are,”
“Hey, bro, why the long face?” Smirking he walked over and rubbed his hands seeing the thing. “We’re having waffles?”
“Come on, Bee,” Castiel said softly loading her into the cat carrier. She got in as he zippered her bag up. He had packed some of her food, bowls, and a small bag of litter. Putting a blanket over the carrier to keep her warm, Castiel pulled the carrier over his shoulder before grabbing his bag and Dean when his mate came in taking both the bags. “Where are we going?”
Tensing a little Castiel reached out taking the pan. He hadn’t noticed Jason coming up behind him. Yet, like a switch Jason smiled his charm coming out naturally.
“Bruce,” Darius chuckled as he walked in sharing a moment to hug. Pulling back, he patted the Alpha’s shoulder. “All these years, you're still looking sharp.”
“So, then I died, and when I got up to heaven, Dean, Jack, and I went to get Cass from the empty. It took a bit but when he was about to get him back it tossed him into this world, so Jack opened a rift here so we could get him but looks like we were off target.”
“We didn’t know. I mean, we knew that Cassie didn’t come home as often or call, text, and there was always an excuse about not being able to come home or visit but like… it happened slowly.” Sitting down Jimmy wrapped his arms around himself. “I don’t know how we didn’t notice. Then we find out there was a murder at the apartment where they lived. A body was found stabbed multiple times. They were gone. Now that we know about who this guy really was and that’s when put up missing flyers… that’s why I was upset. I saw one in the restaurant, it was old but, it’s been a while since I’ve seen one.”
Taking a slow bite of his food Castiel’s eyes were stuck on the movie he was watching. It was something he’d never thought to put on his list, but Dean was always popping in on the profile to add in whatever he thought he would like and so far, Castiel had enjoyed it.
The person looked at them for a few seconds before turning around leaving. Taking a moment to calm himself Castiel put his hands over his belly holding it gently.
The house was nice, but he didn’t know the layout too well or if it creaked or had anything that would make noise. Carefully going down the stairs the omega finally made it to the kitchen.
“No problem,” He grinned turning away, maybe it was creepy, but it took in a breath enjoying the more relaxing scent. “See you soon.”
“I’ll call you back later!” He hit the button seeing whatever it was line up before a pulse humming through the area. Looking around Sam pulled out his gun setting it on his lap. “Any idea what that thing is?”
“We wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood,” The man held out his hand and looked behind the Omega. “Good evening, we’re the Jackson family here to welcome you,”
“Not the body but there was blood,” Jimmy shivered. “About a year and a half later, there was call on where they had been staying. The bastard had been living one state over and was a doctor under another name, the same thing but when they left, tipped off again, they found a lot of blood left behind. Way too much, so they tested it… and it was…”
“We don’t know,” The voice belonged to the doctor who walked in with Michael, the Alpha had a laptop with him over the patient file. “Sustained a fractured left arm, collapsed lung, we got that fixed, concussion to the head which led to coma, and deep bruising on your left side and back. We want to keep you for a few days and from if you’re doing better by then we can get you home.”
Getting the interior into the car Dean stepped back to admire his work. Finally getting somewhere with this poor thing, he figures he might be able to get done within six days rather than seven.
Frowning Dean moved to another window to see if he could spot Jason’s car and sure enough it was there. What the hell was he doing home early? Suddenly a twinge of worry sparked in his stomach.
“I have some over here,” Going to the cart in his office he pulled two cups off bringing them over. “More for bourbon, but it will do. So, how long are you going to hide in my office?”
Looking back at the door he walked to the window peeking out watching as Jason got to his car. Only when it started, backed out of the driveway, and was gone for a good ten minutes did Castiel relax. Putting a hand over his stomach and neck he rubbed them trying to soothe himself from his worries.
“Thanks! Man, after this I’m gonna be starving,” Picking up two more boxes, not that Dean was showing off with carrying nearly a hundred pounds up two flights stairs and if he had his say three, he gave Cass his best total, not flirtatious grin. “These two more boxes, a piece of cake.”
Turning around Sam got up to call Jimmy’s phone. He put his hand over his cards because he could tell Adam was tempted to look at them. The other blond gave him a look before getting up to go see what Jack was up to in the kitchen. The plan backfired because Jack handed him a knife to start cutting the onions.
“You don’t think I know that?! I found out because somehow Lucifer got a hold of a phone. He called home when he knew our parents weren’t there, you had gone off with the twins somewhere and Gabriel was home. He answered, and when I got back from work Gabriel was upset. Terribly upset, so I asked him what happened he told me where Lucifer was, so I called the place and pretended I was Father.”
Eyes slowly closing Castiel whispered something. He wasn’t sure exactly until he heard Dean speaking before the world went into blissful darkness.
“Oh my god, are you?” Dean asked shocked as the pieces clicked in his mind on why the Omega was so willing to use a knife on him if need be. “You’re in heat.”
“Thanks for the heads up.” Jason smiled, tight, threatening. “It’s late, we got to get back to moving in.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel gasped softly when Dean turned to look at him with intense eyes. His stomach did a small dance, the pink on his cheeks returning. Quickly he held out the tray. “I made you meatball marinara subs,”
Rushing over he found Dean inside the windows opened, the room was cold from the air, but the paint fumes floated out of the window. He was wearing a thick jacket as he painted the clouds on the wall.
Meanwhile, Dean was reeling in shock. He knew something was going on, but he had no idea that it was way more than just domestic violence, which he was still pissed off at, but something wasn’t adding up.
After what happened Castiel had walked as far as he could with the rain numbing his skin but doing nothing to numb his breaking heart. Looking up as he saw the headlights of a car pulling into the drive away, he was half standing up as the car doors opened.
“Hey, yep, I got a rush job, so I wasn’t able to stay but, uh, you know I really meant it when I said you didn’t have to wash the cart right?” Dean smiled, he had come home to only to find the cart washed, cleaned and he wasn’t sure but he sure that it was polished. “So, I have a question,”
“Oh, sorry,” Kicking himself mental he grabbed the syrup bringing it over along with a fresh cup of coffee. Looking down he saw the towel that Jason had been using laying on the floor. Leaning down he picked it up. “I’ll go put this away.”
Green met blue as the world melted away while the song played, the warmth of their bodies gave comfort that neither of them had before.
Letting out a deep sigh Castiel looked up at the ceiling. Odd to be seen through a human’s eyes again. No souls, not spirits or energy. Recalling the time he spent a good while as a human in his own world he was glad at least he had some experience on working this time around.
“Anything?” He asked Jimmy who was on his phone. When the other shook his head, the blond crossed his arms trying to calm himself because of course life was horrible. “Me either,”
“Ugh, that narcissistic bastard,” Shaking his head Lucifer put this hand on the other’s shoulder. “I have a guest room; you can use that, and we’ll talk in the morning.”
Dean, even though he never liked dogs, took one of the leashes helping Cas out while killing a good half hour until it was time to return the dogs to the shelter, where he waved at the others there.
“No. Look, let me be frank with you, buddy, my mate had a hard time back where we were. His family wasn’t the best to him so when I left town for a bit I came back earlier and he was, no way to sugar coat this, self-harming himself,” Sighing deeply the man shook his head. “I got him some help, but whatever it had affected him badly. Later found out about a miscarriage he kept from me.”
“I saw the beer in your fridge. I know he doesn’t drink but there was a couple at church who were like you and him and they ended up breaking up.”
Vision fading in out, the echoes of words, sounded a lot like being drugged. Blocking out something horrible would have sounded plausible if it hadn’t been from Cas saying he was trying to leave Jason. Dan. Whatever the hell that Bastard’s name was.
Reaching over Dean took one hand to bring it up to kiss it gently. “Cas, you never have to wait for my permission to eat, got it?”
She offered to bring the files home but something about them bothered her. Sam did a great job, of course with her help, but something was still off about the case. Flipping the pages she stopped at the man, Jonathan/Dan/Jason the asshole and frowned.
“Adam, it's a game of chance,” Laughing Sam turned over the cards while whistling. “If I had chosen any other cards would have gotten my Ace.”
"Alright, but just one, the place that we're going to is a little pricey and I gotta help pay. Sadly."
They hung up as Sam rubbed his face his stomach sinking. Castiel, if he were alive because for two years, the Novak family had no the Omega might still be alive, but in those two years if Dan had killed him no one would no. Rubbing the back of his head the Alpha let out a grumble of frustration.
“It’s going to be alright, don’t worry,” Reaching over they held hands. “I got you, Beautiful. I got you,”
Furthermore, Castiel could understand why they would think he needed to see the psychiatrist. Particularly on how his ranting and raving had caused a scene. Instant-on things such as Angels, Demons, half angels as while as  Dark and Light celestial beings.
“Look, Cas, it’s a part of who you are. And you’ve been denied that long enough, and besides, I’ve seen you standing outside when you wait for me to get off work, listening to the choir singing,” Dean got up putting his hands on Castiel’s hips pulling him close. “We might not like everything the same, hell, that's life, and besides, you don’t like drinking, but you never asked me to get rid of it and it’s kind of like Church. I’m not going to tell you to get rid of something you love.”
Going down a path he saw a bus at the corner of the intersection block. It was picking up people and someone swiped their card getting on with a bag in their arm. Black hair, blue eyes that he’d know anywhere.
“You two have a good evening!” He called before going back to adding up the books chuckling. “Lovely couple,”
Sighing deeply Jimmy set his hands on the counter looking at the food shaking his head. “I don’t know. I just can’t stop being angry.”
“Of course, besides, I can take a few days off for Lucifer.” Darius turned around to the other Alpha who was smiling and looking up like he was completing the world. “I got us a very nice hotel down the road, I’ll go check-in and be back,”
Nodding Castiel looked down. “I knew where you lived, um, me and Balthazar found out and we tried to come to visit you the other day, but you weren’t home.”
“Ah!” Pulling the phone away from his ear Sam frowned at it before holding it back up to his ear. “Are you okay?”
Hanging up he sighed looking around. He could hear Jimmy running around upstairs. Going outside again he walked to the backyard trying to think over the events and wondered, just m wondered if he had ever heard Dean mention the Omega he befriended and brought home if he ever mentioned his name.
“And he of course of did for about five years but if you noticed that Jack kind of looks like me and my dead twin.” Jimmy rubbed his face sighing deeply. “Balthazar started living the life he wanted, years later, and now he’s asked to watch another kid? Jack is now almost eighteen, just about turned and my brother isn’t about to kick him out, but it’s hard on him to have to pull on him, so, for a few days?”
“Alright,” He got up and set his food down. Walking away he pointed at his brother with raised eyebrows. “I know how many fries I have, don’t touch them,”
Dean paused only for a second when Castiel had gone suddenly still and pulled back to look into those bright eyes and the hunger spiked when Castiel threw back his head letting out a shuttering gasp. The pure submission could not have been hotter. Taking the opportunity Dean pressed down against him feeling their naked bodies together, flushed full.
“So, you like cooking?” Dean asked following him. Besides, he wanted to get to know him. “I cook, but I’m open to new recipes.”
“Family secrets, yay.” He paused. “So, bringing our parents back from the grave and running over them is impossible right?”
“Come on, let’s go,” Dean put his arm around Castiel’s waist. He might not have been overly paranoid, but he damn well knew something was wrong here. His instincts were screaming red. “How was your day? Meg said someone was bugging you?”
Which was why he is keeping his resentment for his parents and for Lucifer packed down and sometimes it came up. Would sneak up his skin into his body and soul with his mind fighting him. Reminding him of his past.
Replaying what Cas had told him over and over in his mind about the murder it hit him. The way Cas had described how he knew about killing Elias sounded like someone who was heavily drugged. When Dean had to get his appendix removed, they had given him pain pills, and that was enough to make him confused, dazed, until they started to wear off and that was only when he was coming out of it.
“Come on, we can wait at my brother’s place,” Holding Jimmy close as the Omega sobbed he managed his spare key to get the door open. When he walked in he could pick up Dean’s scent and someone else. “Come on, let’s get you-”
“That’s why he agreed to go to college.” Balthazar looked horrified, sick to his stomach as he fell back against the pillows. “Wait, that makes no sense because after college he didn’t take a job like you did. What happened?”
When Dean said nothing, he slowly tried to move away only for Dean to tighten his hold on him. Wincing and body trembling Castiel couldn’t summon up any thought besides the rushing prickle of fear and anxiety coursing through his body.
“He thinks it's funny that you asked nicely,” Sam reached behind him pulling out a water bottle. He opened it carefully as he drove and held it over to the other Sam to help him drink. He could feel what he was doing smiling when he knew the other realized that no, he couldn’t move a muscle. “Drink up. Sounds like you got a long story.”
Chuckling Jason down his beer. “Tomorrow. Dinner is at 8 pm, sharp. Alright, I’ll help you out for a while. Seriously this poor car. Someone must have hated her,”
Eating dinner Balthazar sighed gladly he could at least have some normal food. More so that he was allowed some take-out than hospital food. Since he was going to be stuck for a few days, Lucifer had stayed while the other four went home.
On the road, Sam had the oldies station on, not really his taste but he could feel the humming joy from the soul dancing around, the glass bottle bound with magic runes around it to keep it safe. Sometimes he felt it wiggling, now that he knew it was dancing, he didn’t mind it too much. When that happened, he just pulled it out of his shift, so it wasn’t tickling him as he drove.
“Thank you again, Dean,” Castiel smiled as he watched Dean head up the stairs once again with heavy boxes upstairs to the attic. The Alpha smiled at him nodded before hauling more up. “Do you need water?”
“Good boy,” Jason pulled out a key holding it above Castiel’s head. “Here is your key, and get this place cleaned up. I don’t like seeing these boxes everywhere. I want them gone by the time I get home.”
“It is, but not all twins are like that. I mean, we only knew their blood type because of a blood test they had to take,” Chuckling he looked up. “Cassie was easy, he’d hold my hand, tear up a little bit, but did simply fine. Jimmy on the other hand…”
“What? No!” Frowning he waved his hand making the Smoak vanish. Walking over he glared at the thing. “You’re making pancakes.”
Walking the dogs around on their leashes, Castiel was happy that the dogs had learned to trust humans again, two of them medium dogs and one Senior dog wagged their tails as they enjoyed their walk in the snow. Doggy shoes and coats help keep them warm as the Omega headed across the street to the Auto shop.
There was a knock at the door making him freeze and look at Jason who looked at him with a frown. He nodded at him to go get the door. Nodding Castiel left the room heading over. Peeking out the side window he frowned seeing two people there.
“Huh?” Looking back Castiel saw Dean reaching for his toolbox. Walking over he pushed it over with his foot. “Are you hungry?”
Instincts going off he was moving before his mind could catch up grabbing the two Alpha’s by the hair and smacking their heads together. Yelling at them to stop fighting like apes.
“Hey, I love that movie,” Getting the las to the oil off Dean walked over-drying his hands on a towel. Tossing it to the side where a basket was the Alpha could smell the food. Picking it up he took a bite moaning at how good it was. “Anyone ever tell you you’re a genius, Cass?”
If Balthazar had known that they were going to keep him as a Nanny he would have started saving up, gotten a job, but looking back he recalled being tired all the time. When his friends would talk about one day having kids, he was always put off by it wondering if they knew how hard it was taking care of not one but two kids.
“Hello! Welcome new neighbor!” The woman smiled, she looked friendly and held out a tiny pan. “We heard you moved in last night, so we brought over something to eat, you know, since moving is tiring.”
And Jimmy was so planning on calling out Dean when he needed to but first, he wished that Cass would make sure he didn’t break their hand.
Nodding Castiel turned away pushing his cart towards the meat. He looked over the stakes picking out one with three stakes in it and looked over to see Dean picking out one with two. Looking at it he turned back to pick up another package, this one had more marbling in it.
Rolling his eyes looking up at the sky he shook his head before walking over gun still at the ready.
Siting back taking a few bites Castiel rubbed his belly gently again thinking about it. Looking up he hummed. There were some names out there he liked, some he didn’t, but in all honestly, he had no idea what they should name the baby.
Sam watched him rush around finally grabbing a pen. Going back to the planner he wrote his twin’s name into a space between him and another family member. Realizing what this was Sam sat next to him puling the mate close.
Swallowing hard Castiel sat back eyes wide and he winced when Dan’s hand settled on his stomach with a silent threat. Feeling fear just take over Castiel put this hand over Jason’s wishing he could rip the man’s hand off but there was no telling what he was going to do.
He still thought it was funny watching Cass confused face when with the voicemail set up and pressing buttons. That was fun watching him try to put the Winchesters numbers into the phone even better when watching him trying to get his voicemails.
“I miss my coma already,” Chuckling that turned into a gasp Balthazar groaned as the pain flared. “Alright, laughing is off the table. When can I go home?”
Laying their hands chained together unable to pull them away from where they were to the attached chain around his waist and there was the damn annoying one that just squeezed around his neck.
Hanging up he walked over to the fences seeing the Omega come out again with some beer boxes tossing them away.
Sitting at the island table, with a sandwich, chips, and a soda he couldn’t think of a more calming mid-morning time. Jason had left the house right on time, all the chores were done, which meant he didn’t have to do anything until it was time to prepare dinner.
The whistle of the kettle shook him out of it. Picking it up started to make their drinks looking up seeing someone in the yard. They stared right at him and Castiel moved back as the person in black jacket smirked at him.
Getting up Castiel retrieved the tablet from the attic turning it on. He licked his lips before texting Dean through Skype.
“Alright, we’re going to head out,” Balthazar walked over to the couple patting their shoulders. “Take care of him, and Lucifer enjoy your high party.”
“For what?” Lucifer frowned tilting his head honestly confused. “Castiel, you are a target, even if this fucking sucks, you need to be safe.”
At the pump. He took out another needled as the other blonde shook his head. Pressing it into his neck again he sighed. “Sorry, can’t take chances.”
With being stuck here, according to them, their childhood home, he was back to living with Lucifer, who went by Nick, who was a painter, and instead of the sassy snark that he had gotten used to, he was calm and almost mellow. Painting and singing when he thought no one could hear him.
Downing it while the other put the tire in the trunk he was half thinking about jumping out of the car. Shivering looked down as the fire in his stomach started to make him hotter and there was no way he wanted to explain why/if he slicked the in the man’s car.
“I’m sorry, I guess my mind was…” Eyes flashed in pain. “Distracted. I’m sorry to have worried all of you,”
“We can have both,” Chuckling he headed into the kitchen. “Besides, I need to make something and run, I’m meeting some old chap who has a son or someone who can fix the car Grandfather left me.”
“…Yep. Uh, for about six months now,” Poking at the wall not wanting to talk about it he reached up scratching at the patch. “We kind of met at one of Michael’s company parties and welp, things happen.”
“You should stay here where it’s safe,” Michael glared as he walked on. No sense in getting Eric involved. “I can handle this on my own.”
“I’m still hoping it’s an error. I planned on asking him about it but so far all I got was a dirty look when he realized we were together.” Looking at Lucifer with a smile he chuckled. “Not to be constant about it, but Luci, you haven’t told them about us. Is… what happened still bothering you.”
A sob escapes Castiel’s throat, one he was trying to cling onto. Memories of the times he lost the babies, twice he hadn’t even picked up on being pregnant only to spend a day alone bloody and forced to clean up before anyone made it home. The fear of bringing in a child with how Jason was left him traumatized.
Opening it he slid into the car seeing another note there. Picking it up he opened it and couldn’t help but laugh.
Clocking out Dean walked down the short ways to the shelter. Opening the door, he walked up to the front desk. “Hey, Meg,”
“Me either, but we have four more months to figure it out,” Clicking the machine again Dean nodded. “Okay, I'm getting closer,”
Body trembling as a sob of pleasure left his mouth his hips rolled down desperately wanting to feel his Alpha move. A gentle kiss to his forehead, which he had no idea when Dean had moved away from his mouth before those strong hands firmly took hold of his hips and thrusted.
Joe wasn’t the real name, that was just the name they were given to call if anything happened. Dean didn’t think they would ever have to use it now he wasn’t so sure. Sniffing the cold air picking up Cas’s scent that was mixed with an extra calming one he tried to dig out anything that screamed danger.
A bigger problem was he had no facts, just going off instincts and what was he going to do? He wanted to make sure first. Going inside Dean packed a small bag, grabbed some snacks for on the way, and when he came back to get in his car to head off to Bobby’s Cas was standing there.
Dean could feel the family glaring daggers at him like it was his fault that Castiel had to leave. He was only glad that Cas and Balthazar were back int the hospital room. Dean was also glad that Balthazar hadn't kept the knife with him because the blonde had yet to let go of the younger Omega and might actually stab him.
“Cas, hey, listen,” Dean took in a deep breath of the mating gland. He was sure that he was able to over take the previous bite. A part of him was glad that the bastard didn’t mark Cas properly, left him enough room to drive out the claim, leaving his own. “I want you. I want you bad. Not just sex, or kisses, I want all of you.”
“Sam!” Jimmy smiled hugging. They kissed for a moment before he pulled back waving at the younger Omega. “This is Jack,”
Swallowing, no longer hungry Castiel went to put everything away, tuck the money into his bag, make sure he had a list written down on a paper of what he wanted to make.
“Right, and Gabriel ended up working in the Casino here,” Sam tried to think back on the last brother. “Balthazar…”
“Charlie called, me a few days ago, did some digging on my own,” Without an even bothering to continue with the fainting Omega he scooped a confused Balthazar up with ease, very unaware his brothers were all thinking that Benny had a death wish, and plopped him down next to the oldest Novak. “I think I found something, was on my way over when she called me to let me know what was going on.”
“Hey.” Smacking the other piece of chicken Jimmy had a scowl on his face before taking the plastic wrap up. “How’s the case going?”
“Well, the way he looked at you seemed legit, but, well, I don’t know guess I’m not happy that my baby brother is moving in with an Alpha. Handsome yes, but still I worry.”
“Damn. That would have been a good family bonding time.” Sitting up again still reeling a bit the blond just stared. “I want to go home.”
“I worked with Bobby. My adopted dad,” Nodding Dean took out a wrench. “I learned a lot from that man. Hell, he still has tricks up his sleeves,”
“Doctor says you were just out of heat. From what Gabe told us sounded like it was messing with your head since it was so bad.”
“Yeah, well that’s not going to change if you stay out here,” Reaching down he hauled the other up by his elbow. “This all your stuff?”
“Well, you got him the gift, next time wait until he learns how to use it,” Taking the last drink of the whiskey he frowned. Turning it upside down he shook it with only a single drop coming out. “Aw, that’s so sad. Well, little brother,” He waved at Castiel then at Dean. “Disgusting excuse of a creature. I’m going to take my leave now.”
“Mistakes are one thing, mine is not turning his ass into the authorities when I had the chance.” Handing the phone back Michael turned around angrily heading out the back of the staff hallway and into the main office of the building. He had enough of this game. “I’m going to put an end to this.”
“Uh, Castiel. You have to mix these into a batter.” Walking closer he saw the confusion. “Like when we make weapons, things have to come together.”
Looking at the house as they parked in the driveway Castiel leaned back. They had been given coats, cards with new names on them, and Dean and Castiel had been set up with an income for now. Slowly getting out of the car Cas looked it like it was a house from a movie.
Hours later when Castiel woke up he felt something warm, soft. Looking down to see a ball of black fur he sat up quickly realizing he had just stolen his favorite cat from the shelter. Bee was a senior cat that hadn’t been adopted and it was hard finding her a home. He held her close looking around confused until it hit him that he was home, in bed with warm pajamas on.
“Ten,” Shifting, he bit his lip. “There was a huge fight, by this time Lucifer wasn’t talking to the family, Michael had just started his own family, and Gabe, well, I don’t remember, but we didn’t know until later. He sorts off got stuck being a third parent and then now with Jack being here it’s because Luci doesn’t have custody. Courts won’t give it to him because of his past,”
“Joy.” Adam took the books over to the table setting the stuff down before going back to grab the rest of the stuff that the Alpha was handing him. Part of him thought that maybe he should have stayed home. “Sam, don’t you have class or work or anything?”
Nodding Castiel turned around seeing the mess on the floor his hands going to his head with a sudden twinge of fear. He reached for some of the dishtowels and was about to get on his hands and knees to clean it up when Dean stopped him.
“Are the others coming over tonight?” It was Friday, they apparently had family dinner night every week. Which were nice if out of character. Uneasy for him to see them acting like a normal family. “And are we cooking or getting take out?”
“Way off,” Sam nodded, it was almost five hours, they had hit town thirty minutes ago. He was holding onto the glass orb as small gray ribbon-like things held onto his wrist. “I need to get gas and something to eat,”
“Ah, kind of a set. I had one, my twin had one,” Turing around he pulled out a photo of his twin setting it up next to the statue. Sighing he rubbed his neck looking at it. “Years later and it still hurts.”
Looking up Castiel saw that he was holding out his phone. Reaching over slowly he took it scrolling through them. Going to the search bar Cas looked for the ones that he used to have.
“I… I just don’t want to be alone in the house…” Gulping Castiel shivered. “I’m not trying to keep you from going, it’s just that… I don't like being alone.”
“It’s going to be okay, tell me what’s wrong?” Dean rubbed his back gently trying to soothe Cas. He knew that even though they were safe here the trauma that the bastard put his Omega through still affect him. “I’m right here, I got you, Cas, it’s gonna be alright,”
Running back to the house Dean almost slammed his door opened rushing to his living room worried that Jason had grabbed Castiel. Sliding in he had a moment where he lost his breath.
“Work?” That was something Castiel hadn’t thought about in a long while. He really hadn’t had the chance to experience anything like that after meeting Dan. “Is there anything with animals?”
“it doesn’t concern you,” Michael glared at him. “I’ll speak with you later, right now this is a family situation.”
Leaning against the door frame with his cheek pressing on it, something to anchor him, something to help with small self-comforting Castiel watched Dean for a long moment. He could smell the lingering fear there
“Hello,” He answered. Nagging wasn’t what he got but would have liked it better than the news he was given. “Lucifer was what?!”
“I’ll hold you to that.” Dean forced a smile on his face to make it look as natural as possible. “I got some cold beers, hurry up, dude,”
How did the Alpha Dan know when to leave each time before a raid? Looking over it Sam rubbed his face once again. It had to be sitting right in front of him, but he couldn’t figure it out. Flipping over the papers he paused looking at a photo. Grabbing a magnifying glass, Sam looked closer seeing something on the table.
Heart pounding, he hoped that Jason took his time getting ready. Mixing the pancake mix as fast as he could he managed to get it together quickly. Pouring out three, had to be three, the omega was glad when the stove, seemed newish, it didn’t take forever to get the pans hot.
“It was about my Dad,” Dena said suddenly. “Nothing to be sorry for. Bastard’s dead. It’s a good thing.”
“Do you want to eat?” Jack asked turning back to head back to the kitchen making her a plate and dodging the question. “I made it tonight, but I don’t think Jimmy noticed. He was really focused on his brother. I hope he’s alright,”
“Since we just moved here get enough for a while, stalk on up on cans, whatever since we’re gonna be here for a while.” Jason counted out a good chunk of change and held it out. He waited until nervous blue eyes looked at him before darting back down. “Don’t be an idiot while you’re out,”
Taking in a deep slow breath Dean leaned forward, not sure if Cas would pull away or not, and pressed his lips against the other. Blue eyes slowly closed melting into the kiss. When he felt Dean deepen the kiss he let go, whimpering when Dean let out a satisfied grumble that radiated from his chest to his mouth.
“Calm down, I’m not going to knock you out again,” Sam gave the other Dean the same shot before closing the door. “I’m getting snacks, have fun, and don’t think about screaming for help.”
“You don’t have to follow me,” Castiel looked over as Dean walked around with him, both having a basket, but only his cart was getting full of groceries. The Alpha looked at him. “I think I can manage.”
Taking a bite out of his burger Sam looked around the lake house. A safe house that Bobby had, one he had been staying at for a few weeks. Just until he had to move again.
“That is a mini pancake maker,” Taking another sip he chuckled. “I guess you can learn how to make pancakes with it. Make sure to thank the lunatic when you see him.”
“What?!” Rushing over Lucifer opened the device on the table he tossed the burnt thing into the sink and turned on the water. “What are you doing?!”
“You want to get remarried in a church?” Jimmy tried to rush forward fully ready to get his brother to agree to a full-on wedding when he was pulled back by Michael. “Hey!”
Landing in the hotel room, disgusting, someone needs to show Castiel that there were many places he could go. But he supposed that was what happened when one travels with the hairless Winchesters.
Blinding by the light Castiel tried to see past them. “I dropped my brother’s painting out the window.”
“Don’t be sorry, do you know the address?” Listening to the address Dean hurried to the hotel. He reached back into the back seat grabbing a bag, handing it to the Omega. “Here,”
Ironing some pants Castiel paused feeling like he was being watched. Turning around he saw Jason standing there just staring at him eerily. Fear shooting up through his body he bit his lip wondering what he had done, going over everything.
“Hey, Sam,” Adam called looking at him oddly. “Are you going to make out with your phone because I really don’t need to see that,”
Because of course, he didn’t have a way to go. No way he could take the tablet out either. Dean paused before he took out his phone. “No worries, I’ll call you an uber. Look, when you’re done, you can use the store phone to call me and I’ll have them pick you up,”
“No, I think I have the exact same one,” Pulling the lunch bag out of his bag, Dean sat it down opening it. He pulled out what looked like the same sub setting it down as well as chips and soda. “My neighbor made this for me,”
Grabbing a kettle with the intent to make hot chocolate he ran his hand over his baby bump. A part of him was excited to see what the baby was, another part wanted to wait until the day of. Looking overhearing Dean talking Castiel went back to the kettle.
Moaning into the kiss Cas had no idea how long it went on, just that it left him breathless and he gasped when lips moved to pressed against this mating gland. Without hesitation he tilted his head body shaking feeling Dean’s teeth, the canines started to grow slightly scraping over the other make.
“I’m one of the partners at Eden Industries.” The Alpha grinned. “Darius Henderson, it’s good to meet you again  despite the circumstances,”
“Thank you, Dean,” Smiling a little the Omega looked up at him. “Thank you for letting me stay the night the other day. I was stressed and wore myself out,”
“What if this is a dream?” Voice cracking a little he looked away. “I.. I’m scared I might wake up. That it-it’s all just a dream,”
“Cass,” Dean said gulping looking at him and then back at the other. “Did it escape your attention that Lucifer is right there?”
There were pictures of the crime scene. The body of an Omega who was killed by multiple stab wounds on the body. The eyes wide open. Flipping through reports Sam found out that the stab wounds where violent, drugs and paraphernalia found in the apartment.
Groaning Dean kissed him again. Their mouths smashed together enjoying how Cas let him dominate him, so easily relax into his hold that when he pushed a finger in, followed by a second and third marveling on the responses. Seeing his Omega thriving in pleasure, sounded mewls, whimpers, please the gasping breathes were music to his ears.
Handing over the reports, the papers he had managed to get from the detective, some more from illegal means, thank you Charlie, and flipped them over pulling the names out, the way things had been set up, pointing to them while really hoping that he hadn’t broken Jimmy enough for the smaller male to go to the kitchen and stab him.
“Damn it!” The man turned to run out the kitchen door when a loud bang went off. He screamed loudly as he fell to the floor blood seeping from his jean’s leg. “Fuck!”
“I wasn’t thinking when I left, so I left my keys and everything. I feel off like it’s not real, just feeling really out of it,” Licking his lips Castiel looked up at the blond. “What was your question?”
So, what if she got in trouble? He was so sick of Alphas trying to scent him when he was just ut of a heat. One of the many reasons for scent blockers. Because they always tried to get close, a touch of even try to flirt with him. Worse he always seemed to attack knotheads who only wanted to screw him then take off.
They made their way over to two couches face away from each other. Darius sat down watching Bruce grabbed them a beer and when he returned they popped the tops tapping the bottles together. Taking a drink Darius looked at the man.
“I…” Looking back at the house Castiel shook his head. “I need to finish lunch and head to the store.”
“Then you add butter, syrup and you are good to go. Anything else you need me to hold your hand for?”
“No!” Shaking his head Castiel clung to Dean. “No… I just… I need to tell you something,” His throat tightened, “And I don’t know if you’ll still want me once you know.”
“Wait, wait, uh, Sam.” Sam frowned saying his own name looking at him before looking around. “Uh, we just need to find out friends,”
“Coming around all day.” She huffed closing the door. “Bothered your mate so much from just looking into the window we switched places. Honestly, don’t blame him. That woman gives me the creeps.”
Eyes feeling strained Castiel filled the kettle up with water. Looking around he tried to make sure that he had put everything away. Moving in had gone fast, boxes littered the house though and he had spent most of the night trying to get at least the kitchen together.
Little things about clients, funny stuff that happened. Everything, Nothing and for some reason, the fifteen-minute walk seemed so short.
“Okay.” Nodding Sam lowered the gun and went to his car. Popping the trunck, he walked to it. It had angel and Demon seals on it to keep them out, took out two pendants tossing them to them. “Here.”
The two left the room as the speakers continued about the company and headed out into the staff hallway. Eric sighed holding out his phone with some documents on it, looking at Michael worried.
Grabbing some jeans, he had tossed over a chair, and his jacket Dean made his way downstairs. He paused thinking maybe it was odd to go say hello but then again what better way to get a peek at what the new neighbor had. Walking out the door he easily crossing the yard and walked over to the other standing there.
The Cat not only her own jacket, but it had a hood, and a harness with a leash, safely wrapped in her owner’s arms blinking a little. Castiel shifted a little bit kissing her head.
Pausing Dean realized something, that if they planned on killing his mate then that meant they were most likely scoping out the house. Grabbing Castiel who jumped he realized he hadn’t said anything.
“We have to bring up the rest of Jimmy’s stuff, still, how about we all get something to eat like Pizza and get to you know you,”
“…Wow.” Frowning Sam looked around. “Alright, fine, I was tricked, how much longer do you think this will go on?”
That’s what he called himself here. Castiel had no idea what kind of curse this was or how long it was going to last, still he had been shocked when he was bailed and signed out by a few of his brothers, more so when they claimed to have different names. At least Lucifer had kept his vessel’s name, but he wasn’t anything like the Archangel he recalled.
"They didn't. They claim it was an error but from what we can see there was no glitches in the system. We suspected that it was a hacker who got him released, the point is, the man of the radar but from what he knows about him, Jason or Jonathan is that he is a part of the criminal ring that is far bigger than we thought. From what we can pierce together he might not come back for your mate, but we've set up some precautions, officers will be here around the clock, but we suggest you two stay somewhere else until it's safe."
They talked for a short while longer before the couple left. Getting back to their task at hand they ended up stopping repeatedly for the new neighbors to greet them. By the third couple, Castiel had relaxed feeling happy he was a part of meeting people.
“Got a location. The last we heard was last night, they were planning on shipping out a storage container, just one on a private boat, and this was all we found. I think you should ‘find’ this out from an unknown friend.” Bruce leaned back taking a long drink. Watching as Darius pulled out the papers looking them over as the man stood up suddenly. “They want your mate’s brother. The Omega has codes on him.”
“Uh,” Pausing Dean moved his phone back to look at the name. Yeah, that was Sam’s name. “Is Sam there?”
“We can flush out that hiding Omega, Jonathan’s going to meet up with us and soon we’ll have everything we need to get out of the country.”
Nothing picked up and they got to the car in record time. Making sure Cas was in safety not noticing how his mate’s blue eyes looked at him worried he closed it looking around. Moving to the driver side he got inside before driving off.
Eerie in a sense the fallen had seemed to take on a mix of both the human he inhabited as well as his sassy self. Still, he had looked offended when Castiel had called him Lucifer before asking why the others got normal-sounding names.
Nothing was going to stop his mate so Sam took out his phone calling Dean’s phone only to hear it ring in the kitchen. Frowning he looked towards the table walking over to see Dean’s phone there. Great, his brother forgot his phone, the one time he really needed him to answer.
, it wasn’t going to be good but he wasn’t going to hide in fear. They handed him the pictures in a folder. He took them out having to look away quickly from the first one. Pulling them out he slowly went over them his Alpha raging with the need to murder Eric. RIp him limb from limb. “Can you track them down with this?”
Getting out of class Jimmy took out his keys holding them tight. With the winter cold air and winter almost there, the sun had been setting sooner. It was dark even though it was just under six. Heading to his car the Omega looked back here and there straining to hear any movements.
Eyes going over each one she counted how many times she found the name Eri. Tapping away she dug into the data base looking for anyone in the underworld with the name.
“Yes, but don’t show them the pictures.” Darius spoke with dead calmness before looking away. “I need to go, please call me if you find anything.”
“I thought three people owned that,” Grumbling Balthazar. “And so, what? It’s not like we didn’t know he dated Alphas before, why are you so mad?”
“Don’t call me that.” Sitting down Castiel sighed rubbing his face looking at the blonde who was sitting cross-legged on a stool chair. “You’ve been painting all day?”
“No one is going to remember a dead bitch.” Jason snarled back at her. “Now, the fake death worked before-”
“Hey, Jason, it’s me, again, call me back,” Hanging up again Dean decided to walk over to the house as Castiel looked up. “Hey, everything alright?”
A pin was heard as Lucifer pulled out the phone looking at it. “Wow. It’d be nice to see something other than a thumbs up and down once in a while.”
Nodding Michael took a deep sigh. “They might have looked perfect on the outside, but they were horrible parents.”
Another Omega in heat? IN less than four days?! Great! But it wasn’t that strong. Maybe Cas had small heats. Taking him up to one of the guest rooms he laid the omega on the bed covering him. Castiel rolled over curling into the sheets.
“Well,” Dean cleared his throat. A wave of bubbling anger filling his body. Signs were popping all over about how the two worked. Getting up he walked over to wash his hands peeking over as Cas leaned down to put the tray of rolls into the oven the collar of his shirt moving. Bruising. Repressing a deep growl that wanted to merge he cleared his throat. “I have a projector. How about we watch the movie over at my place? Besides, it’s been forever since I've seen the movie,”
Nodding Sam turned around grabbing his jacket off the bed. “I just remembered I forgot to take care of something, I’ll be back in a bit.”
Reaching over to grab a glass Dean helped Cas wash his mouth out. Using the sink hose to get rid of the rest of the throw up he rinsed it away. Patting Cas's back Dean rushed away to get some mouth wash. When he got back, he found Cas trying to deep clean the sink with soap and a metal scrub.
“Yes… and I do miss it. I used to go with my family and,” Castiel paused thinking back. “They stopped going, one by one. Michael because he said work got in the way, Lucifer stopped after he ran away and only went back when he returned home. Balthazar took me and Jimmy because we enjoyed it, even as we became adults, we still loved it.”
Going to his house he paused seeing the car gone. Oh, right Dean said he was taking it to his shop in town because he couldn’t get a hold of the owner. Going inside he opened the door pausing as he sniffed the air.
Shifting a little Castiel slowly nodded unease shifting in his scent. Reaching over he started to put everything back into the bag. He tried not to look at Jason as he did so. Once it closed, he set it nearer to Jason.
“You weren’t our mom, Balt, you couldn’t protect us all the time,” nuzzling the other Omega’s neck he relaxed a little. “You always were a mother hen,”
Following Dean around, as they explored the place, the found the washroom, bathrooms, the Master Bedroom was a nice, fairly good size, even had a tv in there. They worked together to put their clothes away.
“Thanks, it means a lot.” Nodding his head Darius took a sharp breath. “I need to get going. Traffic.”
“You sure? Oh, your parents are dead. Sounds like you didn’t like them. Ah, right, you don’t, sorry about that man. I know a thing or two about being a shitty parent,” Nodding Dean couldn’t help but understand. Now he knew what Bobby was talking about. The guy sounded very bitter. “I can pick up the money when I take your car back to Bobby’s. That work better?”
"The crime scene is my house," Dean took the card watching the man leave Turning around he looked at the others who were just staring at him. "Uh, Sam. Gonna introduce me?"
“It’s from one of my favorite Christmas movies. It’s called ‘It’s A Wonderful Life,’ and there’s an Angel in there named Clarence. Kind of silly, huh?”
“I’m in the room,” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Do what you do, but please I don’t need to hear about any sex lives of my brothers,”
Turning around he watched as a car pulled up to his house. Someone got out of the car looking up at the house before grey-blue eyes looked at him. The person stared at him for a long moment.
“Yes, very,” feeling a bit of sadness slowly drifting up his heart he cleared his throat. “Do you want a drink?”
“Jimmy, I know I should have told you; I just didn’t want to get your hopes up, but I’m asking now,” Sam paused. “Do I have your permission to hunt down, Jonathan, and possibly find Castiel?”
Reaching over Castiel took the cash only to wince when his wrist was grabbed hard. Whimpering as pain made its way up to his arm, he looked at the man heart started to pound so hard as fast small breaths left him.
“From what I know when I came to live with them?” Jack looked up. “They have issues but their still good brothers, I think it was more of my grandparents. Now that I think about it, there hasn’t been one good story they told me about them.”
“Four months seems long, and short,” Getting up slowly the omega went to get something to drink, chocolate milk with way more chocolate than it should probably have and a beer. Going back to sit down he popped the cap off the cold beer handing it to Dean who took it. Pouring more milk into his glass he took a long drink. “Do you have any in mind?”
Music playing in the background as Dean was restoring the interior of a 1950s Cadillac for an investor, he frowned when a phone call came in from Bobby. He had tracked down someone who was wanting someone to restore a 1980s BMW convertible.
“Uh-huh,” Taking a slow bite he paused frowning. “Luci, why are you scratching at your mating gland so much?”
Darius was up in a second punching back hard. The two were going at each other growling, throwing punches. Lucifer was trying to get between them to stop them. They pushed him out of the way before he growled. If those idiots weren’t going to listen to him he was going to get security.
Looking down Cas curled up closer still feeling bad for both hiding it and not telling Dean. Honestly, he had no idea why he was hiding the fact he was sick. Dean wasn’t his abuser. Nowhere near and yet in his mind the fear that had been instilled into him of any small mess-ups, sicknesses that were coupled with beatings, or sometimes when he least expected it the Alpha had gotten creative.
Walking across the way Castiel had brought over his apron and a mixing bowl that Dean had to cover his mouth to keep him from grinning like an idiot.
“Mini Pancake maker?” Looking back down at it he held it close. “What happened to big pancake makers?”
All he could think of was where he could be, regret of not seeing what happened because he was too involved in fighting with Michael. If only he had known that the real threat was right under his nose.
“Let’s go,” Keeping a wrapped arm around his mate Dean looked around for a second hurrying them to the back. Honestly, he didn’t like the feeling he was getting both of those people. “How are your day?”
“How much longer do I have to stay here?” Required therapy, he thought was ridiculous. However, getting caught digging up bones in a cemetery had lead to an arrest, then a mental hospital stays when he explained what he was doing. “I have work.”
“Hey, thank you. Now, I won’t be starving on the way,” He looked through the chips and food. He notices there were even ice packs inside to keep it fresh making him grin. “I’m gonna get spoiled,”
The race against time made his stomach twist horrible. Getting the food on the plate he turned around nearly dropping the food seeing Jason there. He didn’t seem to notice as he sat down still drying his hair. Gulping Castiel walked over setting the food down in front of him and turned back to get the Alpha’s coffee.
“Jimmy?” Confused as his mate pulled away from him Sam followed his Omega who went to their room. He saw him pick up the wedding planner they hadn’t touched in months, not with everything that happened, yank it open flipping the pages. “What are you doing?”
Adam was glaring at his brother. The tall Alpha glared back as they both eyed each other slowly. Looking down Adam was trying to make a choice on whether or not he should make a move.
“Eric oversees that. Honestly, I think he has no idea how to say no to any of the speakers,” He chuckled. He watched his mate pour their glasses taking the one offered to him. “Thank you,”
“Welcome back,” Closing his eyes the blond sighed. “What is it now? I can feel you itching to tell me something.”
Unable to move Lucifer tried talking only to let out small breathless groans. Nothing he did could make sense or send a single to his brain to move his body. Each thought seemed to leave him the second he was done thinking about it.
Inside it was furnished. Setting his suitcases down Castiel headed to the kitchen opening the fridge and frowned. It was empty.
Relaxing Cas nodded his cheeks getting red. He relaxed picking up his fork very slowly before taking a bite first. After that Dean ate as they carried on a conversation about Sunday Dinner.
“Why would you ask me if you didn’t mean it?” Balthazar frowned watching the man who shook his head with a tight smile. He walked away though letting Balthazar lean back into the car. “Thanks for talking to me while I get my tire changed.”
“Hey, I had to drop off someone, but I’ll be there in five minutes. I’ll go get you and we can grab a soda,” Dean smiled putting the phone on the seat next to him as he drove to go get the Omega. “You would not believe what just happened a few minutes ago.”
That voice he did not like. Despite the calmness of his tone, the man across from him held concern for Castiel. Looking over, the man was balding. Had over thirty years of experience in his field, was Respected, loved, had a wife, children, grandchild. All in all, he was a well-adjusted normal human with a kind family.
Even since they had gotten closer, more so moving into the safe house, Cas had gotten used to falling asleep listening to Dean’s heartbeat. Looking at him through the dark with only the moonlight coming into the windows he noticed that Dean was covered in a cold sweat, his breathing was coming out in short fast breaths.
“Uh, simply curious. I found out my brother’s Omega is religious. We never were, so they just moved in together and kind of wanted to get them a gift. I know what to get Sam, but I have no idea what to send to his boyfriend.”
“Good, because I saw one when I came to pick you up and I didn’t like the way they were looking around.” Looking back Dean kept his lover close feeling his inner Alpha starting to go into overprotection mode. “We’ll call Joe when we get there.”
“Nah, I have a neighbor who cleans like crazy and then I didn’t pick up any scents. So I was wondering if I’m losing my sense of smell. So, I got you the address and phone numbers for putting this baby up for an auction,” Walking to the side door of the house Dean headed in to get the paper, when he turned back, he almost jumped seeing the guy followed him in. He paused. “Okay, no offense but those blockers are really strong, and the last person who snuck up on me I punched their lights out.”
Head throbbing the blond turned his head slowly to see two of his brothers there, Michael in a chair, Lucifer in the hospital recliner, huh, he must have claimed it first, both out.
Then again, the man had been running a high-profile crime ring for years. He had no idea what Dan was capable of. Now that he was away from him, safe with his true mate Dean there was fear that when he was left alone with his thoughts it was always a step away from being the next murder victim.
“I have no idea. If they didn’t, I doubt that anyone will tell us anything because- ugh!” Jimmy turned off the water drying his hands before fighting with the towel. “I hate this! I hate that we never know anything!”
“Well, I didn’t but the way you we’re going around me, backing up when I mentioned about the punch and when I came closer you went over there and eyed anything you can use to hit me if I attack you, which I won’t” Dean held up his hands before he raised an eyebrow. “I know Omegas has that fear of walking around and you are wearing scent blockers. I’ve never met an Alpha who wore those- no wait, I did. A friend of mine was transitioning. Really helped her to be herself.”
“Are they alright?” Grabbing the coke, he walked over to the table setting their drinks down. “Was it from a restaurant?”
If he closed his eyes thinking about them, he swore he could almost hear them fighting and a gunshot.
It was like someone had put cotton in his mouth. Lucifer's eyes felt heavy, his tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth as he was pulled along. At some point it was like time had jumped. Someone was moving him roughly and being shoved into somewhere that was dark.
“Nick,” The blonde sighed looking over the painting. “I feel like something’s missing, but what I have no idea,”
“I can’t even sit up all the way, don’t worry your fries are safe,” Smiling Blathazar waited for him to leave. “Okay, he is up to something…”
“Ah.” Nodding Darius let out a deep sigh. “Some of the accounts are showing up inaccuracies, just trying to find the source,”
“And you came here? Huh, I didn’t know any of you knew where I lived.” Lucifer gave a bitter smile while shaking his head. “Come on, get up buttercup, we’re going inside.”
“Shhh!” Balthazar put his hand over Jimmy's mouth. He didn’t want to let Castiel go either, but in the moment of things from what they said, the bastard was too dangerous. “Castiel has to do this, after they find whatever the hell that Alpha’s name is, he can come home. For now, this is the safest route.”
Now he could give the Alpha his money and spend time away from his hometown, maybe see the sights, gather some new things for his home or even take a tour.
After Castiel had woken up he panicked at his small heat. Dean was outside when the Omega came running out looking at him startled before bolting it to the house.
Going over to the mini-fridge he grabbed a soda, perks of being with a CEO the mini-fridge was free game. Grabbing another one the blonde walked over to his lover handing him one.
“Change first, there’s a half bath right there under the stairs, I’ll make you some tea or coffee, maybe something to drink.” Lucifer looked over him before he paused. “We’ll talk about it later.”
“Me too, but almost seven quarts of blood says otherwise, I wish too,” Turning around Jimmy went to grab more pictures of his family pulling them out smiling and laughing at them. Looking back, he saw Sam still standing there staring at the photo. “You okay, Babe?”
“Right. After this, you go back to your life, and this one you knew, where I knew you,  and you become a stranger.” He looked at him in the eye. “But I can see that you love your mate, so as a farewell me and the
“I did. I also watch a show I enjoyed and now there was a movie that was on my list. I think it was recommended,”
“Violent one are you?” Setting a bag down a bag Balthazar pulled out some stacks of money. “Okay, how much?”
“Oh, well, that sounds fun,” Looking over Lucifer curled up against his mate before frowning. “Those are Michael’s accounts.”
Jimmy had gotten them dates, hounding him until he said yes. After an hour of shopping for clothes had the other had been happy with their new wardrobe? Running up their Dad’s card, while guilting their parents.
“Well,” Biting his lips Cas thought about not telling Dean what happened but something urged him too. “There was, uh, people coming by today. Just looking into the place and I felt extremely uncomfortable with them coming back. I swear they were watching me,”
Sitting down Castiel just stared at his food. That morning he had been stressed to eat; the afternoon had gotten away from him. Now he was starving. Not glancing at Jason or moving he just waited.
“Hmm,” Nodding Balthazar looked around the kitchen. He sniffed a little bit as a very pale, almost gone scent felt familiar. There was no placement, but he supposed he couldn’t just hang out in the Alpha’s kitchen. Heading back out he looked at the car again. “Would you mind auctioning it off for me?”
Closing the windows Castiel was grateful for the wind that was causing a nice cool breeze. Airing out the house was a good idea after Dean had left. The Alpha was gone around six which left him a good hour to cook Jason’s dinner.
“Now open it,” Waving his hand at it he watched the other open it. “Use that. No, that the spatula. Good now put it on a plate.”
“Yep, and these,” Darius had to hold onto his mate as he moved forward to point at the next one. “And these are mine. And those ones are Eric’s. We all have the same amount; the company is shared between us equally but something has been happening between mine and Michael’s accounts. Just can’t figure out how it’s spilling into mine.”
Looking over he watched Lucifer rub his neck again. For the fifth time in less than forty minutes. Frowning Balthazar took another bite of his food keeping a small eye on the Alpha who was barely eating. Which was odd since it had been Luci who had gone out to pick from one of his all-time favorite places.
“Hmm, let’s see, well if the baby is an Alpha, I’m going to love them,” Dean nodded cupping Castiel’s face. “If they’re a beta, I’ll love them and if there’s an Omega…” He watched as those blue eyes moved quickly trying to seek out the answer. “I’m going to love them. Now, and forever. Just like I love you,”
“Dean!” Castiel screamed moving back as the kettle fell making him move back quickly as he splashed to the ground, luckily, he moved fast enough but when he looked up the figure was gone. “DEAN!”
“Oh, right, just, thought I’d get to know you better. Besides, you don’t have a phone how am I going to know when we’re heading back to our homes.”
“Don’t like phones.” Dean had a hard time believing that one, but he could tell how this seemed to upset the Omega. More so when his scent spiked again with nervousness. Which was a shame because Cass had a nice smell. “Well, yeah, let me write it done. I gotta go there in a little bit you can follow me in your car.”
“I better get a burger out of this!” Adam called taking a bit of the cold slice following same as he talked with a mouth full. “And a large soda!”
“Well, it was more than just taking off,” Sighing Lucifer rubbed his patch again grumbling. “This thing is so damn itchy- why are you smiling?!”
He hadn’t heard a nickname in a while, and he couldn’t deny the warm feeling that bubbled up. Looking away he looked over the rest of the food. Picking out what he wanted to freeze and have on the ready. Pork, chicken, ground beef, and fish.
“You were fainting.” Michael cleared his throat looking away as the Omega gave him a look that made him so grateful there was nothing sharp nearby before standing. “Darius, can I speak with you?”
Sam pulled a chair out helping Jimmy to sit down. Rushing over he patted the guy down looking for a gun. Finding none Sam put his knee onto his back twisting his hands behind his back.
Sniffling he looked around the place. It was warm, the lights flickered on as Lucifer walked into the place tossing off his bag, probably from work. The man-made his way to a hallway vanishing before reappearing to hand him towels, a robe, and a basket.
Darius had been called in to the Police Station with news about his husband. Driving there had been a blur. All he recalled was trying to keep himself busy for the last two days. Anything to keep from going insane while his mate was missing.
Nodding Sam looked back as another speaker got up to talk. Beside him Jimmy groaned like he was in pain which let him know that the person was not only a long speaker, but a boring one at that. Picking up the glass of empty wine he waved down another server to get something else in his system.
“Sir, we have received photos by mail this morning,” The Agent said, the tone of his voice soft, never a good sign. “From what we know according to the message written on one of them your husband is alive,”
“To see me?” That made no sense. Even if he had met Darius here and there that was hardly a cause to run to another state to visit someone, they met once or twice at Michael’s company. He knew there were three CEO partners there but recalling them was leaving a huge blank on his mind except for his brother of course. “How sweet,”
“How come you didn’t tell me?” Dean frowned a little bit. When Cas looked away, he reached over gently pulling his face slowly over to look at him. “He didn’t care if you got sick, did he?”
Jimmy waited until Castiel was asleep before testing out to see if he could check out some memories. Easy wasn’t the word for it. Almost feeling wrong Jimmy when walking through the memories finding out parts he missed and ooh boy he missed a lot.
“No, just have life insurance. No, Gabe, I’m alright, just stay on the line,” Smiling a little Balthazar looked around. “This is a rather nice town.”
The hotel suite was one of the best. A five-star hotel with a king-size bed, its own living room, a huge bathroom that was fit for the rich. The best furniture that looked like barely anyone used it. Huge TV mouthed up, even though it had been on earlier it was off now allowing the couple in the room to sleep.
Instead of dead bodies, he found the two alphas passed out, snoring away. Not dead. That was a good sign. Walking away to go to the front door seeing it opened Dean headed inside and looked around.
“Castiel, oh my god!” Sobbing Jimmy nuzzled the side of their heads together trying to get his scent on him while taking in his brother’s that he hadn’t taken in for years. “Castiel!”
Jimmy was starting to hold a grudge against the other angels. They acted like every time Castiel started to getting new feelings or even show some growth they’d corner him. Like a rabbit on a fox hunt using fear to keep him from questioning anything.
“A seat, he needs a seat!” Jimmy got to the seating placements the little names written there and looked around. “Pen, I need a pen,”
Going over to the window he moved the curtain around looking out seeing them still loading the boxes into the house. After half an hour he saw the Omega come back out, wow, stalking now, or he was being a noisy neighbor, yet the way, oh damn, what was his name- Castiel, picked up a few small boxes looking at them and then down the street like he was going head down it.
“Thank you,” Lucifer let out a nervous laugh. “Uh, Balt, buddy, be right back, Darius, can you come with me for a few minutes, I need to talk to you.”
“Well, a good honest Alpha.” Nodding he put the note away in the glove compartment. “Whoever he marries will be damn lucky.”
“Gabe!” Damn it! Putting his phone down he watched as a hand came into the window handing him the ice-cold water. “Thank you,”
“Cas?!” Running over seeing the hot steaming water on the floor he pulled Castiel away. “What happened?!”
No number of words they said could make him feel better. Damn Omega instincts. Sometimes he swore they were a curse. Getting up to make another drink he took time to put more blockers on over his scent gland. Maybe he should go out that night or go somewhere.
“No, why?” Sam asked getting up to go check the bowl in the fridge because either he was crazy, or his taste buds were off because he swore, he saw Jimmy make the spread two days ago. “You still binging that show you told me about?”
Looking up through the window the Omega paused seeing Dean outside in his backyard. The car he brought home was opened as the Alpha worked away on it while music was playing. Leaning over he opened the window a little bit so he could hear the music.
Welp might as well go back to sleep so he can finish eating that burger. When he couldn’t get back to sleeping and enjoy random fun thoughts Jimmy started to push at the space only to be blocked from going into his personal heaven while the angel ran around.
Growing, years later, accepting the past, that nothing could change, so the shock of seeing- no, it wasn’t real. Whatever Balthazar had seen was just a Hallucinations his mind had made up thanks to the violent heat. One that hadn’t happened in so long he nearly forgot about it.
Tossing the last of the chains off his mate Darius scooped him upholding the blonde close feeling him hissing and wheezing in pain. Turning to walk out of the container he knew he had to get Lucifer to a hospital fast.
“Damn it,” Jimmy looked at them before crossing his arms. “I didn’t want them that thin,” Picking them up he grabbed a zip lock tossing them in there a bit violently. “Let’s just order take out,”
After another minute or two Lucifer was able to open his eyes a little, the light being a little bearable and he had no clue when he leaned to rest his head on Darius’s shoulders as his mate worked at the chains and he had no idea where the Alpha had gotten some chain cutters, but he was damn glad he did his mate did.
“Do you need a ride- Oh shit,” Dean shook his head. “I would give you a ride but I’m waiting for a client to show up.”
“Uh, Dean. Dean Winchester,” Shaking the hand, Dean felt like something was off with this guy. Moving back, he eyed him for a second trying to figure out something. Jason felt wrong somehow. “Well, see you guys sometime later. No doubt the rest of the neighbors will be being by all kinds of baked goods and sweets. Oh, the Johnsons, they make the best pies.”
“Thanks, man, and I’ll send him back in a few hours,” There was some more talking between. “Well, sadly I don’t know how to make pie. How about you? Yeah? Damn. I’ll throw in an extra case of beer. Nah, man got paid good to get this car done and I sold two more this week. Yeah, no I see him. Talk to you later, Buddy,”
“No, not it’s not,” Shaking his head Jimmy tensed when he was pulled into a hug, his brother rubbing his back. “I forgot the date. God, I’m so horrible.”
“Probably up in my office. He likes coming, food and drinking but always takes off before the speeches.” Chuckling he patted their shoulders. “I’ll be back I’m going to go check on him and bring him something to drink.”
“That’s his number.” Dean looked over grinning at his mate. Damn, that felt good have the right to say and he was never letting him go. Pulling Cas to his side keep him close while he talked, he felt him tense before relaxing curling closer. “Thanks, Benny, he’ll be waiting for your call. talk to you again soon man,”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam didn’t turn around as he frowned. Because being a lawyer, having to dig for evidence, basically being a two in one detective/Lawyer he knew damn while that it was impossible to for someone bleed out seven quarts of blood was damn near impossible. “Hey, Jimmy, we’re you and your brother the same height?”
Looking away Castiel started to go back to his food when there was a loud ‘pop’ followed by a very loud ‘Oh, son of a bitch!’. That sounded stressful. Going over to the fridge Castiel pulled out the leftover food he had made that morning for Jason’s lunch.
Eying them for a moment the man looked at the house before nodding. “Right. Sorry about that. We’ll be quieter.”
Hanging up Dean slipped his phone back into his pocket. Castiel Looked at him unsure, even though a happy feeling poured into his soul with not being shooed out of the room.
“No, they wouldn’t. No, I talked to them, well, yelled mostly. Somehow it got to how much it would be to let Lucifer go, and they set a price.”
Folding the last of the boxes setting them he was done unpacking. Looking around Castiel was glad he had finally finished putting everything away. Grabbing the pile, he carried them up to the attic for when they moved again. Next to the box, he tucked the tablet into a safe hiding spot hoping to watch a movie later.
“I will cut you with this plastic knife,” Grabbing the plastic knife he swung up it a little bit waving it at him. “Get closer so I can stab you.”
Looking around he cursed himself for forgetting to find the clock. That and the lack of sleep had messed with his mind. After getting stuff done, he had just laid in bed for an hour just staring at the ceiling fan wishing he could just go to sleep for a few hours, but then if he missed the alarm, Jason would be angry.
“Hey, I’ll buy us some dinner, come on, let’s go have some fun!” Grinning Dean moved back out of the room. Ever since Cas had moved in, he had been very hesitant about leaving his own home because he was constantly worried that Jason would do somehow do something to Cas. “Come on, get ready, I’ll go check out the movies times,”
“What?” Frowning Eric shook his head. “No, way! But, we all knew, Darius talked about him a lot and besides, what about all the pictures?”
“Hey, no problem, you were moving all those boxes, you gotta be tired,” Grinning Dean put it in the Omega’s cart. “So, I talked to the Anderson’s and there’s a party next weekend. Block party, be a perfect time to get to know the neighbors and have some Anderson pie.”
“Grab me a coke,” Dean called. “I have to take a double shift tomorrow. One of the others got food poisoning,”
“Guess we gotta get moving then.” Nodding his head Sam looked up at the sky. “They’re getting faster this time.”
“Aw man, I wish I could stay. I gotta get this car done in a week. You should see it, nice car, but it was seriously neglected, man,” Shaking his head Dean sat down and looked at the plate. “Uh, did you buy sub sandwiches somewhere?”
It didn’t go unnoticed on the sentence ending on a question. Still, there was something off about how Castiel was till trying to pull them back even after Dean offered to let him use the cart.
Downing another drink Balthazar walked around his apartment. Empty now, at least for a few days. His small breakdown had been found out earlier today before thanks to a simple slip of the mind that Jack’s afterschool bible study had been moved from Tuesdays to Thursdays.
Cleaning the porch of the snow as Dean shoveled the driveway Castiel looked up seeing someone heading their way. He tensed up his hands tightening on the shovel he was using.
“Well, it would be easier if we didn’t have an extra person to take with us, let alone some dumbass,” Linda growled pointing at Jason. “Who keeps forgetting it's cover name.”
"I'll buy you dessert, just please don't leave us alone with them. Come on, bro, I'm begging they're already pissing each other up and I'm fairly sure Balthazar snuck out of here leaving me alone with them."
“Long way to tell someone something,” Getting closer he eyed him actively trying to figure out what to do. Putting his hand on the glass bottle holding it up a little as it echoed nervously. “Do you know what this is?”
“Where are you going?” Standing up Castiel tried to follow him but was stopped. “Dean let me go with you,”
Finally, she pinpointed someone who went with the name but no picture. Grinning she paused tracking the phone pings to one phone, but it burned out in one area. She leaned way back. Eden Inc.? Wasn’t that the company that Sam told her the two partners where blaming each other for accounts jumping around?
“I don’t like people sniffing at me,” He said and from the corner of his eye saw the Beta Manager turn around fast. He took the receipt and papers turning around feeling off from the bad heat. “Thanks.”
Other students walked around heading home or to work for the day. Some of them were doing the same as Jimmy. Looking over their shoulders, clutching whatever self-defense weapons in their hands. His keys had pepper spray and a teaser with a flashlight. Getting to his car he looked around making sure no one was close, shinned the light into the back seat before rushing to get inside. Locking the door first Jimmy let out a breath.
Three days later Balthazar was feeling better. His heat had finally passed, and he was going to go see that damn doctor. The suppressants should have been working, even with the blockers making them easier he shouldn’t have had such a bad heat and worse nothing to help him with other than his fingers.
Sad he got another job working at a gas station but hey, it was money. Just hearing the music playing the scent of paint filling the room he almost didn’t register the door opening until someone cough.
“Cas,” Siting up he almost fell out of the bed rushing over to pull his little brother close letting out a breath of relief. “It’s you!”
“No, it’s been years, why would that place still be bothering me? You know what, you need lunch, so do I, let’s go out and find somewhere to eat,” Trying to get up as fast as he could Lucifer was pulled back. He tried to pull away when lips kissed down firmly on his mating gland, it was still sore from bites causing him to moan from the small spark of pleasure. Letting out a small breath he leaned back instictly against his Alpha, “I don’t want to talk about it,”
“Enough said,” Darius moved away from the Omega who was looking like he was planning out Benny’s death in a painful detail walking past the other two brothers. “Good luck.”
Staring Balthazar took a long sip of his soda, eyes wide a smile curling on his lips. “Luci, do you have a lover you haven’t told us about?”
“We’ll say it’s for them, not for us, alright,” Dean took the mixing bowl from Cas, setting it aside. “Come on, we can check out a new movie or an old movie like… uh the titanic.”
The lasted for a short while when he found out that Castiel had been mated. From an Alpha who he damn well didn;t like. Heading home there was a meeting on it with all the family coming back to arguing that none of the siblings liked the Alpha Dan.
“No.” Looking down Jimmy shook his head. “He’s still running out there free and Cassie’s body is just tossed out somewhere like garbage,”
Sitting down at the desk he put Bee on the counter. Shaking out of his jacket he turned it inside out placing it so Bee could use it as a makeshift Cat Bed. She curled up on it, going back to sleep while he managed the phone calls.
“He’s fine, I dropped him off at his hotel. I didn’t notice because he has these insane scent blockers on. I had no idea until I saw the signs and… oh damn I think he kept my knife.” Dean glanced down and frowned looking back up to the road. “Uh, he was paranoid and freaking the hell out! I gotta give him props he managed to keep himself together fairly well,”
Smiling Jimmy rubbed the tall man’s back and headed back over to finish up making dinner. Looking back up he saw Sam putting away everything. With hope the Omega wanted him to relax. Whatever the case was it always worried him on how much it would affect the Alpha lawyer.
“Sounds good, here, I’ll put this stuff away,” Taking the bag Sam put it into the fridge. Going back, he put away the other items that Jimmy had been planning to use while his mate washed his hands. “Do you think Dean and Cas know?”
They went back to pick up the belongings that Cas had when Jimmy tugged at Cass’s mind and he wobbled.
Walking over Michael had to look back at Castiel before looking at the table to make sure the younger Angel wasn’t making fun of him. And it concerned him a lot that he was seriously waiting for the ingredients, all nearly put in a bowl, were going to somehow magically put themselves together before magically making a pancake.
“…Great.” A part of him thought about leaving it, but fake Nick really worked hard on these. Going back outside he cursed not finding it. Maybe he should have brought his phone. “Come on where are you?”
“Whoa, think it’s murder?” Dean whistled. Opening the door, he looked it over. Popping the hood, he checked it out before patting the car. “I can get this baby done in a week. Hey, is Sammy here?”
“Oh, came to save Bobby’s ass and thought I’d come see you!” They hugged and he moved back. “So, do I finally get to meet the poor sucker who’s dating you?”
Cleaning the tears away all Sam could do was be there for him. Scenting his neck and kissing the mating gland softly. He had never seen Jimmy so upset before and his scent was so heartbreaking. Even if he was dying to ask what was going on. Rubbing the Omega’s back he really wished he knew what was hurting Jimmy so he could fix it or at least knew how to better comfort his lover.
Pulling the curtains closed Dean headed into the kitchen. “So, tomorrow I start working at a Mechanic shop, that handler got it for me.”
After they hung up Jimmy didn’t go back to the table as he tried to compose himself. Instead, his eyes watered up into pain. Chest feeling tight and a lump in his throat he jumped when a hand was on his shoulder.
Closing the trunk Balthazar followed him over to the car. He smiled seeing it coming along nicely. Almost like the old pictures back at his grandparents’ old house. Walking around it slowly a part of him was still shocked that it was the same car. Pausing he frowned and looked over.
“Oh, calm down, the way you and Lucifer we’re yelling, I almost wanted to make up an excuse to head home.”
Shivering Cas closes his eyes taking in deep breaths of Dean’s scent. They relaxed into each other for a long while scenting each other, the humming of his anxieties easing away as he felt Dean’s hands running down his back and spin. They stayed like that in a comforting silence until Cas felt his stomach turn again.
“Damn.” Michael stood up looking over as his brother moved over to his work partner handing him an ice pack too. “You got a mean right hook, Henderson,”
“I started my heat. In the middle of getting here,” Looking around nervous his body feeling hot inside. “I put as much scent blockers as I could on, but I don’t need someone sniffing me out.”
Suddenly it felt like his eyes were open and Jimmy could see that the reason for the darkness had been because Castiel had his eyes closed. They also felt sore, whoa that was new. And cold.
Before he knew it, they were at the hotel. Watching as Dean went in to talk to the person at the front desk, and he frowned how this Alpha was too nice. When he came back, Dean helped him to his room.
Looking over the painting, he was rather a lovely one. Skies melting into the city with the sun going down while many small people walked on their way not seeing the gorgeous sunset.
Ashamed, fearful, and full of overwhelming guilt of what happened it had been Dan who kept him as they went from one place to another, hiding while Dan did his work and under the table deals. The beatings continued; his Alpha never took a no for an answer. Mating always left Castiel wanting to throw up. He let his mind wondered when it was too painful.
“You couldn’t have known he’d met Dan. Besides, if you hadn’t pushed him to new hobbies, Cas would haven’t had a lot of fun times, swam, or anything, you helped him grow,”
“There was no wedding, they got married in a courtroom” Michael gruffed. “Didn’t even know they were together.”
As the small conversation went on Castiel peeked into the casserole tin seeing it was a lasagna. Putting it into the fridge he headed back over seeing that Jason was carrying on, laughing with them as if they had been old friends.
Nodding Lucifer shrugged. “And again, you picked here? Not to sound like I hate seeing you, just last time I saw the family you were in middle school.”
It was maybe half an hour later when Castiel had recognized the street he was on. Yeats ago, when the family had a falling out with one of his brothers, Lucifer, the other had been kicked out and the last Castiel had heard of him was that he lived about an hour away and that was only because Balthazar had mentioned him and said that he wanted to talk to him.
Wow, there was a lot of anger there, but Sam could guess it had to do with what happened to their brother.
“Yeah, still don’t believe why you’re here.” Sam paused hearing an echoing. Reaching into his shirt he pulled out the vial hanging off the rope that kept it around his neck. “You sure?”
With nothing else left to help out with Michael just smiled watching at how mesmerized his brother was at something so simple. Taking off he was glad that Castiel could enjoy something so simple.
“Welp, hate to tell you this but he might not,” Taking another bite Dean looked over at the tv. “Hey, mind if I check Netflix?”
“Oh, I see,” Looking it, Castiel opened it and closed it. “Thank you for helping me with this Balthazar,”
“Yes, and I will be prescribing a few things to help, but let me be the first to congratulate you two.” The doctor smiled holding up a paper looking right at Castiel. “You’re pregnant.”
“Sure, order whatever you want, here,” Sam handed him his card. “Thanks for letting me use your place.”
“What kind of problem?” Dean asked grabbing some paper towels to get some of the oil off his hands. “You okay, Boss?”
“But you don’t know. What if it’s a bunch of ones hidden under the hundreds or if the bills are fake?” Moving away from the Alpha he crossed his arms. “I could double-cross you, and you’d never know,”
For a long moment, Jason said nothing. He stepped forward watching as the Omega coward into the corner looking anywhere but at him. Fear reeked off Castiel’s glands. Grabbing the back of the Omega’s hair tightly watching him wince in pain he pushed him onto his knees.
Getting to the kitchen Castiel splashed water on his face. Repeatedly as his heart felt like it was going to explode. Reaching over he shakily turned off the water. Licking his lips, he stood up grabbing one of the dishtowels to start drying off his face. He tried pushing that day out of his mind. What a horrible excuse of a person he was.
Both Jimmy and Sam looked at Jack before going back to the papers. Taking in a breath seeing a picture of his brother he nodded.
Shutting off the water Castiel put it on the back burning leaving it while he went to grab stuff from the fridge. Jason had wanted a Roast Beef sandwich. At least that gave him time to get more food for later. Grabbing the stuff, he started to get it ready. French bread and made sure to make it a noticeably big and feeling lunch.
“Could say the same about you,” Taking the ice pack Darius put it up to his jaw looking around. “Have you’ve seen Lucifer?”
“Alright fine.” Sam sat back looking right at his glass bottle lifting it up and bring it close to Sammy's face, watching closely as he ignored Dean's glare. “Say hello, Lucifer.”
"Don't worry, I have more people who've been waiting. Besides, after this I'm about ready to get a new bitch anyway." Jason tucked the phone into his pocket before heading back into the van. He waved his hand at the CEO who looked more than pissed off but trying to contain himself. Maybe it had to be with the white-collar crime, but nothing made him laugh at the man more. "I suggest that you find a way to throw them off you and find a way to get some information. Throw one of your fancy parties."
“… Jason likes Bud light.” Walking over he was about to pick up the 24pack when Dean got it for him. Pulling his hand back in surprise he blinked. “Thank you, Dean,”
A fluttering nervous feeling went through him. Jimmy frowned, he never felt anything from them being fused. Sure, sometimes he popped into see what was going on, met some of Castiel’s brothers, hated a few of them because damn angels where dicks.
“Thank you, uh,” He noticed the Alpha was sniffing the air near him, frowning. Did he smell his nervousness? That just made his anxiety worse. There was a small panic in those blue eyes. “Dean?”
Making it hard to sleep because he’d wake up hacking and choking and at the same time hard to breathe afterward. Being constantly choked as well as struggling to catch his breath made him dizzy. Moving his ankles,  his legs folded under him and chained up as well a little here test the chains trying to get some relief from the cramping he had from being bound like this.
“I knew it, I fucking knew it!” Dean pointed at the computer. Castiel being marked as deceased and Dan being accused of both murders, the trail of crimes that followed the bastard as well as the stab wounds told a tale of someone who knew what he was doing. “I knew Cas was drugged,”
Nodding Jack went to go follow Jimmy, trying to catch up since his Uncle had taken off so fast. Once they were gone Balthazar looked at the two. They looked like they wanted to start bugging each other. They better damn well not be because he was worn out.
Send in the baby angel, then once he gets a vassal just let him roam! Was there no other angel who could have shown him the ropes?! All the ones they meet laughed or mocked him about not understanding things on Earth while they themselves walked around unnoticed by humans.
“First of all, this whole  thing is about Luci dating an Alpha, right?” Looking at Michael Balthazar really wished he had a drink. “I don’t remember what happened when Lucifer ran away from home because he came back to our parents' house, and for once Gabriel won’t open his trap, so… are you going to tell me? When he ran away all those years ago?”
“Have a good one! Thanks for bringing the part over!” He waved off the other. Well, that went okay. Looking back at the car he took out the part ready to get back to work when he paused hearing a curse. Looking back, he saw the blond glaring at his car. “Something wrong?”
Sliding on his leather jacket Dean was amazed. He was stunned that Castiel had somehow managed to fix it. If he told anyone it was the same jacket, they’d call him a liar. He had no idea what the Omega did, but it was like there was never a tear in it in the first place.
“No, please, they keep playing the titanic on the movie channel and I rather get hit by another car than see it again,” Whining, maybe childish but Blathzar hated that damn movie. “Don’t make me suffer from that horrible singer!”
A person who he fell in love with. Someone he knew loved him back even if he was broken, flawed, yet Dean thought he was perfect. Had told him so many nights wrapped in each other's arms, whether if was hot fast passionate nights or slow cuddling with sweet nothings that could go on for hours.
Nodding Darrius watching the family hugging. “So, mind catching me up, I only got the hysteric from the phone car while me and my mate, Lucifer, we’re heading here.”
“Listen,” Dean said kissing the mating mark softly. “We’ll do whatever you want, okay? But I want you to know how much I love you. So, damn much, I can’t even express it all the way. But if you don’t want to have this baby, I’m with you, and I want you to know if you do want this, I’m here for all of it. Everything.”
“Hello? Yes. Ah, alright. Yes, processed, I’ll be there in about five to ten minutes. ve ready.” Hanging up he fixed his tie before walking over to Micheal who was chattering to his mate. Leaning down he whispered. “Micheal, I need to speak with you.”
Finding out quickly that Jason was a narcissistic asshole Dean had to hold his tongue. He noticed that Castiel didn’t engage in the conversation. Instead, he looked like he was daydreaming, off in his own world as he ate. And it shocked Dean how the Alpha tapped the empty beer bottle causing Castiel to snap out of his daydream.
Frowning Dean headed downstairs to go make up an excuse to see what kind of a mood Jason was in. After was the was a couple had ‘missed’ the block party, the Alpha’s saying that they were going out of town to visit family. The car had left, Jason with it, but Dean had been texting Cas all the time he was gone.
“Hidden, that’s all you needed to know. The only reason I took you is so I can flush out where your little brother is hiding. I know the FBI wouldn’t have told you but if they think we know, they’ll want to move them.” Eric snapped his fingers again watching as Lucier whimpered shaking. “You know it’s interesting, Pines was fond of using this to control gay Alphas.”
The ten minutes it took to get back to the house and the door open, Dean had neatly lost his damn mind. The bite had triggered Castiel’s heat, which was odd since it had just passed but who was he to question this blessing?! The sweet scent had him hard and throbbing. Vaguely aware of slamming the door closed, that poor Beta uber diver speeding away, Dean scooped Castiel up rushing to the bedroom.
Three weeks later he was in the middle of work when Jimmy called in hysterics about Elias, the twin’s friend from Church, had been brutally stabbed to death by Dan and now the two were gone meaning that the bastard had kidnapped Castiel.
“Oh,” Lucifer groaned and held up his hand frowning as he made a face. “Please teach him how to word things.”
Nodding slowly Castiel grabbed his things. Walking into the house he stood there just inside the door trembling from the cold. He felt horrible that he was leaving a wet puddle.
“I was joking,” Dean sighed as he drove his car down the street. Next to him, the blond Omega had a knife happy settled into his seat while he was on the phone with one of his family members. “Jeez, we’re you in the mafia or something?”
There was a long pause as Dean listened hearing Jason’s voice out the back yard calling the Omega. A second later the Alpha came back on the line to inform him that his Omega would be over soon.
“Wow, that’s kind of messed up,” Dean frowned. He thought of all the boxes he took up for Cass, how many times the Omega thanked him. “Oh, sure, no problem you can use it any time you want. So, I wish I could help but I really must head out to get a job done, but- oh right you don’t have a phone.”
“I know,” Jimmy had a tight smile. “Bastard, took our chance and Gabriel and Balthazar are both pretending to have flus.”
Taking another bit, enjoying the fried rice Castiel heard his phone ring. Pulling it out seeing it was his boss he answered. Someone called out sick and they were short-staffed. If it got him out of this dinner, he was going. Saying yes, he quickly finished up eating.
“Thank you.” Eyes closed Castiel pulled back to go get drinks. Opening the fridge he grabbed chocolate milk. He had been having a bad craving for it all week, so he drank it with each meal. “Do you want a soda or a beer?”
Looking over he saw the omega standing there, hands twisting into his apron looking nervous. It hit him that Castiel while being able to open up to Dean for a little while was still very nervous not knowing how most Alphas acted.
“What’s this? And we need to see you bleed too!” Dean asked holding it up when something hit him in the neck. “Oh… you bitch-”
Eating his food while thinking about it, the Omega looked back at the other's food, then at the door. From what he knew Lucifer wasn’t seeing anyone. Hell, his brother was very, and he meant active, and when telling them if he was seeing someone even if it meant for a week or a few months. The longest one he knew of was maybe, a strong maybe, a year.
“Thank you,” Came the automatic reply as Castiel got up, took the plates away and when he came back, he ate his cold meal.
“Sam? Sammy?!” Cursing under his breath Dean hung up sighing. Walking back outside to work on the car he glanced over, the house was locked up, Castiel having brought over very few things. “Damn, what am I gonna do…”
The next day Jack woke up early. Looking at the clock he let out a small humming groan. He never slept while in a new place. Getting up he grabbed his robe pulling it on. Throat felt dry the omega yawned headed out to the kitchen. Opening the fridge, he grabbed a water bottle pausing when he saw beer in there.
Opening the door he walked out with the basket seeing that the mess he had made in the doorway up to the bathroom was cleaned up. Shame flushed over Castiel as he slowly followed the smell to the kitchen.
“Yeah, well, blame the devil is always a fun game. Look,” Snapping his fingers to clean up the small pancake maker Lucifer waved him over. “Pour it in. Close it and now we wait.”
“C-can we keep it was secret? Uh, Jason would be…” Biting his lip again almost drawing blood, body trembling slightly he gulped. “Upset.”
“Damn, I can’t wait for dinner,” Opening the car door for the Omega, Dean watched him sniff around. “Can you smell him?”
“Nah, no, someone wanted it fixed.” Walking to the engine he waved it started to explain why type and so on, luckily the other Alpha got into it laughing as they discussed cars. “Hey, look, I can help you out with it, but I need to let Castiel know I’m home. Be back in about ten minutes.”
“Eri?” It was covered up with a glass. Grabbing more photos, he looked them over trying to see if he could see the name. Picking up his phone he texted Charlie to investigate it. Writing down the piece of the name Sam had a thought. “Wait, what if… damn it.”
“Because Jimmy’s boyfriend dug into the case and turns out Dan lives in this town, and last they were seen had Castiel with him.”
“Morning! Hurry, Jack, shoes, backpack, I’m they changed the class time so I gotta drop you off and then-” Tripping Jimmy fell over, popping back up. “-get to class before the exam!”
Hearing Jack’s question, he looked overseeing Jimmy throwing on his jacket, scrambling for his car keys. Realizing what his mate was about to do Sam grabbed his jacket too.
“No, I was wondering, well, I know you’re not religious, Uncle Jimmy is and so am I, but I’m just curious,” Jack shook his head. “Never mind it’s stupid,”
“Yep, you just well, do you- crap that came out wrong. Uh, yeah, so I’ll be outside until the bring you your things,” Dean left a bit of red on his face and stood outside the door. Someone walked by and noticed his redness, a beta who gave him a thumbs up and winked as she walked by. Grinning he laughed dryly. “I wish pal, I wish.”
“Yes, of course,” Michael glared at Darius who glared back but had to move on to see what Castiel wanted. He watched as Sam’s brother pulled the tall Alpha away to talked while Darius saw himself out. He frowned seeing the other take out his phone leaving to answer it. Looking back at Castiel he noticed he looked nervous. “What’s wrong?”
Kissing the marked neck again Dean shivered as he breathed in the scent of Cas's skin. Inside he felt afire burning with need. A need to fully claim Cas and be damned what anyone thought. It didn’t matter, that bastard didn’t deserve Castiel. Cas was his. His Omega and only his. Instincts pulled the heat of their passion Dean bit over the first mark on Cas’s neck. This pleased him knowing he could secure a mating bond, a full one, not the semi-marked one previously there.
“They didn’t take it well. No, that isn’t the word,” Glaring at the wall Michael took a long moment thinking of the past. Gathering his emotions before turning to Balthazar. “They were beyond furious. Lucifer never ran away. He was sent too Mountain Side Reform school.”
Michael looked up at Gabriel who was still drunk. “Really? Thanks, getting punched will do that to you,”
Losing his breath Jimmy almost collapsed only to be caught. He was helped into a chair as his lungs felt empty. Putting his head in his hands' eyes wide the Omega jolted when someone put their hands on his back to try to soothe him.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Holding up his hands as the shorter man rushed around the tiny room throwing anything he could grab before snatching a pillow that had been on it and started to try to beat him with it. “Hey! Jimmy, stop!”
“Yep, got a whole box,” Pulling one out, Lucifer tossed the box pulling the patch out. Fighting with the plastic cover he managed to get it off and finally putting it over his neck. “Ahh, better,”
“Like it? Cas, I could kiss you,” Dean didn’t seem to hear himself because he was so busy looking in the mirror turning and moving this way and that way to look as much as he could at his favorite piece of clothing. “Damn, I missed this baby.”
“Look, if there had been a murder, they had been staying in this apartment, but the bloodstains are all is too clean.”
Chuckling at the sweet mentioning that Cas didn’t like them either they got back into bed, the warmth of the sheets and comforter still there. Laying back he pulled his Omega close to him looking up at the ceiling. They laid there for a while, he rubbed Castiel’s back as he felt his lover fiddling with the collar of his shirt.
“Awesome, so,” Pulling out his phone Dean opened the shopping app. “What do you think someone who loves church would love?”
“Ow,” Sam was on his back from getting a little too close to the riff and it sucked him in. He looked up as Dean helped him to his feet. “Did you find him?”
Listening he could hear loud bangs and those were defneinenty gunshots. Instinctively he tried to move back only to choke himself again. Well, damn it all to hell this is not how he thought he was going to die.
"Amanda is her real name. She's good at making bodies stay gone." The detective took out his card. "I need to go back to the crime scene but call me when you two are ready."
“You were in a car accident,” Michael got up shaking Lucifer awake, and headed out the door. “I’ll get the doctor,”
“No teasing, babe,” Dean promised kissing down the lips trailing all the ways down the chest stopping only to tease the pink nipples. As much as he’d love to tease them until they were puffy and sore the Alpha pushed the legs up looking at the twitching hole. Dripping with slick that his own cock twitched against his abandonment. Using his thumb, he tased the entrance almost growling in pleasure feeling how hot it was. “Beautiful.”
“I’ve been waiting to do that forever- god my hand.” Wincing Jimmy used his left hand to point at him. “And I swear if you are ever and I mean ever break Castiel’s heart again I’m gonna repossessed my own body and beat you with a bible!”
Laughing Jason shook his head. “No, I plan on getting a place in New York. They have the best doctors up there,”
With everything hidden it would give him enough time to put everything away by Sunday. Thankfully, he wasn’t too tired thanks to Dean. Silently he hoped that he enjoyed the dinner.
Once he was out of the room Sam opened his laptop looking over the address to the apartment where Castiel had last been seen. Grabbing his phone, he called an old friend of his to help him check something out.
Gabriel however had taken off fast. His Boss not wanting to give him any more time off. What in the world did his brother do to piss off that damn beta? Either case he had waved him off.
“Cas?!” Rushing around the room sniffing the air trying to pick up his brother’s scent Jimmy ran upstairs looking around, pushing open doors and calling out his twin's name. “Castiel! It’s me! It’s Jimmy! Please answer me!”
Grabbing the door, he tried yanking on it only to find it locked. He had to get inside the house now and nothing was going to stop him. Looking around feeling stressed at being so close Jimmy spotted a potted plant. Grabbing it he ignored Sam’s yell to stop and threw it into the window.
Maybe taking two steps Castiel was pulled back and held close against Dean, whose arms wrapped around his waist pulling him close. Blushing the Omega moved his arms the only place they could go, around the other’s neck. Their foreheads pressed together as they danced.
His older brother used to call him that. Still, he managed a smile. “Yes, I’m sorry. If everything were done, we’d be more than happy to let you in.”
Slowly sitting up Castiel rubbed his neck feeling the tenderness of the mark. Licking his lips, he slowly moved off the bed using the comforter to walk to his room to get dressed.
Putting it together Castiel couldn’t help but look over his shoulder. He was always nervous when it was too quiet. Looking back, he fixed it up with everything that Jason liked before wrapping it up and putting it back in the fridge.
"Well, since you have the last of the codes, I need to finally take over the damn company and for some damn reason, YOU got dead ass drunk, pissed off the police, assaulted one of them, and got stuck in prison," The man gruffed glaring at him. "What the hell would you have done if they had run your ugly mug all over the national data bank, huh?"
Letting out a deep grumble from his throat Castiel got up. If he didn’t head downstairs then they’d come looking for him. Going down the stairs his stomach growled as the aroma of food wafted up. Rounding downstairs into the dining room where they were moving together to set plates down Castiel went to grab the ice.
“It was your brother’s,” Shocked Sam couldn’t imagine finding out that your brother was dead that way. Studying law had shown Sam that it almost meant double as a detective to prove evidence. If they had that much blood, then the only outcome was that the bastard hid the body. “Did they ever find the guy?”
They started to yell at each other. Castiel could hear them from the kitchen. Words still hurt his soul.  Maybe he was used to it or it didn’t matter anymore. It wasn’t the first time they talked about leaving him behind or killing him off.
“Drinking.” Lucifer held up the bottle looking like he was questioning everything in existant. “And wondering how Casteil survived down here so long when he just learned how to make pancakes.”
“You can just ask,” Balthazar smirked before looking at Gabriel. “I told you these scent blockers worked.”
“What about a statue of Heavenly Father? I used to have one a long time ago, it was a set of two, but it…” Biting his lip Castiel had a flashback to when Jason smashed it against the wall, back when the Alpha used the name Dan. “…It got lost.”
Years later when the twins got into college. Paid for in full, leaving a bitter taste in the back of his mouth. They're parents reply to thanking him for raising the last of children was offering to introduce him to someone they thought would be a good Alpha for him.
Sure, his twin wasn't as talkative as he was, which was fine, Jimmy loved to talk. They'd singing annoying songs in the car or even just grab extra food before class. He missed Cass a lot.
It came out as a question. Keeping from wanted to snack Jason’s neck Dean looked back at the car. It didn’t need to be done today, so he had time. Walking into the house watching as the Omega moved over still looking confused about what was going on.
“Dean Winchester,” He answered pausing. “Oh, hey, yeah, your car is coming along nicely. I was able to track down the parts needed and have the receipts so you can see how much it was. What? No, it’s not that, just I know some people like ripping off people, just making sure everything is in order. Uh, well, I can send you some pictures but now I won’t be in town for a while to pick up the money, but you can send it to me- Oh you want to pay in cash?”
Being pinned down and fighting off the man with a knife in his hand Jimmy screamed for Sam. Holding on tight to the wrist that had the knife trying to stab him the Omega hacked when the other hand came to squeeze around his throat. Wincing he pulled taking a chance and pulled on his hands back, open palm and as hard as he could struck the Alpha in the face.
“I told you he’d know,” Lucifer laughed smirking at Michael. “What was that, hm? Jimmy won’t notice, I bet you five bucks,”
Getting the others to help was like pulling teeth. Having to use guilt to get some time off so he could study only to have that door shut when his parents decided that a free caretaker was better to have then his turn to go to college.
“Who am I turn that down,” Grinning Dena walked away to wash his hands, trying to get all the oil off. It took a few minutes, but he could feel Castiel following him. The soft sweet scent that reminded him of cool crisp air, soft vanilla, and honey just made his raging Alpha relax. “So, what are you up to today?”
Bobby had said he’d go check out any old cars that we’re being auctioned off. If there was a good one that could be restored, then they agreed on how much one was worth and such. Bobby had a good eye, so Dean felt comfortable heading home.
“No, don’t be it can happen to anyone,” Jimmy hugged him gently before sitting down. The relief that his brother was awake had set aside the worse fears. “We were so worried. Even Michael and Lucifer were getting along.”
“Uh- Um, thank you…” Looking at his plate in a state of shock he picked up the fork carefully eating the food. Having no idea what came over the Alpha he just opted to keep his mouth shut. Seeing the beer bottle empty he stood up getting the bottle. “Would you like seconds, Alpha?”
Eyes wide Castiel looked over, the light lowered a bit, but he’d recognize those eyes and face anywhere. Mouth hanging open he had to recall that humans had lungs. And needed to breathe.
Staring at him for a short while Castiel moved to start the rest of the food heart beating a little fast, he took in a silent deep breath enjoying Dean's comforting scent. He was fairly happy to be able to stay at Dean’s while Jason was away. It gave him time to figure out what to do before the Alpha came back.
Rubbing his chin, Michael shook his head. “First of all, I could care who the hell Lucifer dates, just as long as they treat him right.”
“Well, who can turn that down?” Grinning Dean ordered the items before closing his phone. “So, did you finish the movie?”
Still, in some shock, Jimmy looked through the files as Sam explained everything, from the clues, that oddness of the take-offs, empty apartments, missing doctors, blood tech, and so on.
Leaving the living room Sam went to put his files away when his phone rang. Picking it up he saw Charlie’s name. Swiping up he closed the bedroom door to hear what she had to say.
Rushing upstairs to the bedroom he grabbed the calendar looking it over. It was nowhere near his heat. Not only that his heats were so light sense he had a miscarriage. The stress on his body over the past few years had kept the heats down, more importantly, had kept him from carrying. If anything, even if he had gotten pregnant the stress would cause him to lose the babies.
Taking a drink of scotch Lucifer had to pause taking a moment to listen because he was just damn sure that someone was calling him. Frowning he wondered who in hell, irony, was calling for him?
“Lucifer didn’t run away.” Michael started. “You remember the big deal that happened at your high school at Senior Prom?”
“Okay, good thing we have time, so… I guess, uh, so,” Licking his lips Sammy paused. “Do you have water?”
"I'm fine, I promise," Sighing Jimmy felt his stomach turn. Getting into the car he looked behind the seat, could never be too careful. "I got class, then lunch, study group, and then more classes."
Looking around at the boxes Castiel felt a new worry bubbling up. How was he going to get all of this put-away and go grocerie shopping? He had no idea how long it would take to walk there or how long it would take to get home if he didn’t have enough for a ride.
“Hey, you’ll be old one day too,” Chuckling Sam turned back to keep looking for all the medical books that couldn’t be checked out. Taking the last of them back he set them down in front of Adam. “Alright, we can’t take these home. Let’s get writing.”
“Nice to meet you too, Jack. Well, we have a booth, so you can meet my brother Adam.” Smiling he held Jimmy’s hand as they walked over to where Adam had gotten his appetizer, swearing he couldn’t wait because he was starving, and was downing an onion ring. “Adam, this is Jack, Jimmy’s Nephew,”
Walking in Sam smiled seeing them there. Staying back, he let them have their reunion. He was suddenly pushed out of the way though landing on his ass as the rest of the Novaks, minus one, came barreling in. Cussing as he went down, he glared up only for someone to help him up.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Smiling Dean had to laugh and raised his eyebrows. “So, you got lucky last night?”
“Yeah, you gonna need water and snacks,” Dean rubbed the back of his head sighing deeply. “Two omegas in heat and I still ain’t getting laid…”
Gulping Castiel turned around as Dean looked him over. He looked around slowly sniffing the air as silently as possible with a realization on why there was no scent around. Hell, even Cas’s was so light and full of nervousness. Now he watches ed the Omega took out some more cleaning supplies.
Dean had felt scared in the moment when Bobby had turned around. In his mind, his fear of his biological father, John, was that he was going to get a beating. Yelled at or slapped who knew with a pissed off, John.
“Um. That we’re roommates?” Looking up at the ceiling curling his lip into his mouth when Darius looked at him trying not to laugh. “And they will say we were roommates,”
Taking his beer Dean took a long drink planning on help Casteil one way or another. The only thing the kept him from reaching over to
Sammy had put his hands up to his ears covering them and Dean stepped in front of him. When Bobby got closer there hadn’t been yelling or hitting. He looked them over, checking to see if they were alright, instead of angry yelling it was a worried stern voice telling them they had to have him around to use the stove.
Inside Jimmy was getting frustrated. He had Castiel’s scent, but no one was home. His stomach twisted at being so close, yet so far. Rubbing his face, he headed downstairs his all of his senses going wild when he heard something off to the right. Sniffing the air he picked up a scent that wasn’t there before.
Sitting on his bed Castiel tried not to let any sadness creep into his mind thinking about Dean. And Sam and Jack. Not to think about the world he came from. Eyes closed he thought for a while, the mind just blank with no concept of time when a loud thud jerked him out of it.
Walking out of the bedroom Castiel headed down smelling food wafting up from the kitchen. Heading downstairs he found dean frying up some burgers. Walking over he hugged the Alpha from behind resting his head between the man’s shoulders.
“It’s not shabby, that’s good,” Looking around Balthazar set a box down walking into the kitchen opening the fridge. “Hm, nice choices of beer and wines. Oh, wow, that must be a conflict. Jimmy doesn’t drink.”
Setting his play, a simple wrists strap with a house key and two cards on it, Castiel walked towards the living room just on the house side of the hallway wall. The house was old and from what he knew plans had been put in place for years to get it to remodel so the living room and kitchen were open space.
“Yeah, yeah, pizza food now, talking later,” Walking away Adam when to go seek out which place, he was going to order from. “By the way, my mom says she’s going to come over next week, you and Dean should stop by,”
“No, we’ll call her, let’s just get home,” Dean urged. He was so glad he brought their car, as lazy as it felt for a fifteen-minute walk this morning, he was glad that they had taken it. “Anything else happens today?”
"What do you mean he's out of jail?!" Dean yelled. It echoed down the hallway to the hospital room. "How the hell did they lose him?!"
A few more words exchanged before the door closed. Smile gone Castiel moved back as Jason nearly pushed him out of the way. Gulping he went back to the laundry room deciding that seeing the end of the movie wasn’t worth it.
Looking over he saw Cas walking out of the house headlined to the trash can tossing away the bag. He was listening to the guy talking about the car, something about an auction. He waved as the Omega waved back before heading back inside the house.
“What do you want?” Castiel asked nervously pulling back. “What if you don’t like the baby if the baby’s born into a crest you don’t like?”
“Well, you sure as hell are not staying here!” Sam snapped an echo agreeing with him. Stepping closer he was going to get this Dean back into the other world when it flashed again. Jumping back, he held onto the glass orb, seeing someone rolling on the ground. “Damn it.”
Putting the towel in the washer he paused glancing over his shoulder. No one. Taking a moment to try to soothe himself Castiel headed back to the kitchen the Omega pulled out the lunch bag and started to put the sandwich and a soda into it as well as a bag of chips.
Nodding Castiel headed as they made their way to the car. Carefully putting Bee into the backseat of the car the Omega was about to get in when someone grabbed him from behind.
Hell, Jimmy had even convinced Castiel to change his name. Thought he would have picked a better name then Steve but at least it was common enough that no one would find them. A little harder to get their fake documents for when they had to go see the doctor’s or get a debit card because Castiel didn’t understand to much about how. Luckily, Jimmy had dug through enough of memories to recall where Dean had gotten his and how much.
“Don’t encourage me, no,” Shaking his head he continued to fan himself desperately. What seemed like forever the Omega sat up seeing Dean come back with a tire and cold bottle of water. “He’s back,”
"Look, you need to grab those codes and go underground. Fast. Turns out, your little bitch's family found him and not only that my co-partners have realized something is going on with the accounts." Turning away he handed the man a burner phone. "You need to fix this."
There was nothing in the world that he could think of that was giving away their locations. Sure, there were times where they had a moment of thinking that maybe a sneak peek at their siblings to just to see their faces on social media but in the end, they would talk each other out of it and when they were strongly tempted, they would leave their phones at home and walk around the small street to clear their minds.
Once that was done, he headed back downstairs to the kitchen. The food in the oven was smelling delicious. Checking on it he figured another ten minutes would do the trick. Standing up he turned on the water to the sink filling up on the side so he could soak the bowls he used.
Tapping his pen Sam poured through the papers looking them over. Something wasn’t adding up to this whole case. Other than the blood, which he still was sure Castiel was alive, but something else was off.
“I’m coming too,” Darius pulled Lucifer to him, holding his hand tight. “I’m looking forward to that chat.”
The next day started out normally. Even with rudely awakening from his sleep last night Jimmy was feeling good. It was the first time he had stayed over at his boyfriend’s place and felt like a step up in their relationship.
“Sorry, we kind of moved last minute, this is my lovely mate, Clarence,” Dean pulled Cas close kissing his forehead he felt Cas relaxed into him. Cas managed to smile. “So, our lovely new neighbors wanted to have a dinner party.”
Almost five minutes later when the cars didn’t move Dean looked back at the Omega sound asleep, before leaving the house to go make sure they were okay and that he didn’t kill them.
“Well, I can give you a ride,” Dean said before thinking he shouldn’t have said that. After all, he didn’t know the two well, and asking a mated Omega to just jump into his car even if it was for good intentions was overstepping. “I mean-”
“You know as much fun as I have at these things, we should ditch it, go home and have some real fun,” Lucifer said taking the wine his mate brought and pressed up against him kissing the other Alpha’s lips. “We can have so much more fun doing other things, ya know?”
“Sorry. It’s too damn hot in here and I can’t trust myself,” Fanning himself he tapped his foot. “It’s not helping the Alpha helping me is an actually good person and hot. Too young for me, but eh, I’ll be fine. Hopefully.”
“Looks like you were right, brother,” Benny typed in a few more things when there was an update in the files. He frowned opening them. “You need to see this Dean.”
Stunned Balthazar let out a dry humorless chuckle. “You had to pay them back the price of raising a child they ignored most of his damn life and his schooling. Those assholes.”
Standing outside the hotel lobby he read the note from the mechanic that was working on his car. It seemed Dean had fixed up his flat tire and it was there at the hotel. Explained the car keys. Honestly, Balthazar had no idea when the Alpha had lifted the keys off of him. Walking down the parking lot he was glad to find his car there, new tire and all.
“Aw, thank you,” Turning away Jack went back to get his own drink. He looked at his phone frowning. “Uncle Jimmy isn’t home yet. Do you think he’s okay?”
Looking over he saw Dean setting up a crib. His Alpha had been buying things left and right for the baby, which honestly warmed his heart seeing how much Dean was excited for the baby. Looking back at the mirror he ran his hands over again trying to see if anything small changes had happened.
“I only talked to you on the phone and through Mr. Singer,” Smiling a little he hummed. “Well, you can get back to your work, I’ll be off- Oh, do you know if there is anything fun to do around here?”
“Being sick?” Putting a hand on his mate’s forehead Dean nodded. “No fever. How long have you’ve been feeling like this?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel relaxed walking into the house. He set the bowl down. “I was told you need help cooking?”
“I’m telling you, it’s a good thing we got here,” Linda growled. “Why the hell should we leave in a few months?”
A noise made Dean look over. Going to the side door he looked out the window seeing some kids playing. Hanging up the phone he placed it on the table before rushing upstairs to grab some of his things. A duffle bag had to do as he grabbed other stuff, such as important papers.
“I don’t know, let’s see,” Closing the laptop Sam walked to the kitchen looking around to see if they had anything. “Nope. I need to stop by a place, how about I buy you something to eat out there?”
Frowning as he squinted his eyes Jason walked over leaving a packed suitcase there. Going up to the car raised an eyebrow at it before waving.
