Ru claps his hands. “Ladies, quiet. I’ve made my decision. You are all dripping in Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve and Talent, so it took me three minutes longer than usual. Also, Katya had a smoke break. But before we continue, the police must make an… additional elimination.”
Sherlock suddenly reaches inside the front of his pants. John is startled. What's happening, all of the sudden, in this cab?
“You’re the one who pulled an emergency stop,” Mycroft says. “That wasn’t part of Operation Bond.”
His hands feel like detached puzzle pieces.
At one point in this chapter, she wrote this awesome note in the margins: "How do I translate the noise I just made? What sound would a small animal make after it’s been hit by a car and then the car backs up and rolls over it again and then someone walks over and insults its taste in music and then it starts to rain? That noise."
She-lock keeps lip-syncing. No words would be able to come out her throat anyway. She can’t even see the judges, against the blinding lights. She can’t see - she can only feel. But her body keeps moving.
This is, perhaps, at certain moments, quite nice.
For ten more long seconds, Sherlock stands blinking. Then, mechanically, he repeats: “It meant nothing.”
Janine smiles. “You’ll love it. Have some fun. Loosen up.”
John is so happy though.
Sherlock wipes away another tear - his eyes simply refuse cooperation.
“And I can’t believe you put
“Mycroft --”
“Zell me more,” he lets his ‘r’ roll.
“Hired?”
need to get to work.”
“I-” Sherlock looks down. “I was saving your life.”
Sherlock carefully nods. While looking him straight in the eyes, Sherlock wriggles his left hand down in the tight spot between them. Slowly, he pulls down John’s zipper, not even batting an eyelid.
“Officially, I am here to give you a stern talking to. Unofficially? You’re the man, John Watson.”
“You’re not gay.”
John’s feet feel like lead, trying to drag him back down into the living room. But he soldiers on, up to his old room, which is now Rosie’s. Maybe Sherlock will deduce his feelings on his face and he won’t even have to say it. His heart is punching up against his chest. Why did he sign up for this cursed show? He can’t rewind this.
His own body rolls his eyes back at him. “People with bouncy castles shouldn’t throw stones.”
Though the person turning Michelle’s bath into a bloodbath might’ve used all their fake blood, of course. He’ll have to check the bathroom for empty packets later. If he can.
The monitor goes dark.
He turns around to face John again, who’s pushed himself up against the headboard. He’s shirtless, and somewhere during the night he must have pushed his trousers off, because he’s only in his underwear now. Though that area is neatly covered by the bed sheet.
“I’ll be Wilson,” he says, and disrobes.
“It’s the hog body, love,” Brooke says.
Sherlock looks struck. He rubs the chair, then puts his hands in his lap.
Sherlock, meanwhile, has caught on and starts mimicking John’s movements on Jonathan’s hand. Slowly tracing along it.
“Good?”
John, for his part, doesn’t know if he’s even providing any coherent data there, to draw conclusions.
Sherlock sips John’s tea. His plate is empty, and he’s not even paying attention to the ridiculously lavish buffet near them.
“What?”
And anyway, She-lock happened to be dressed up as a gorgeous woman, so it was probably the straightest gay kiss in history.
“You see, it's for a case,” he says. “This note might explain it better than I have.”
“John, he put a bleeding man in my hotel room closet.”
“I thought I had taught you better,” Sholto says. “Did I say you could stand at ease?”
John jerks his head to him. Oh. He meant the show, not the pod.
“Yes, well, I’ll tell you when you stop checking out my legs.”
As he feels Sherlock’s heart slowing down, John allows himself, for a moment, to imagine that they are lovers.
John spreads his fingers, cupping Sherlock’s hand. On top of the table, Sherlock does the same with Jonathan.
John sighs, and joins Lestrade back into the work room. There, RuPaul has just finished her round of interrogations and is headed up the fake stairs out.
John feels anger boil up. That sounds preposterous. And even so, he could have clued John in.
“I’m not bi,” John tells She-lock’s pants.
“The loser?” Harry asks, offended.
It jolts.
behind that door.”
Sitting right next to Molly now, is John.
“What made you choose this case in particular?” Ru asks.
“Of course I’m angry with him,” John says. “But I’m also grateful. He saved my life, in many ways. And I think he saved yours, too, several times.”
“Let’s never do that again,” Jonathan replies.
Sherlock walks up to John, so very close. “I told you not to come”, he hisses, and pushes John out the room. “Don't ruin this.”
Suddenly, John feels bad. She-lock is incriminating herself with these words. And yet. The way she sits there, face only half lit, a deep sadness in her eyes - John is sure of it. She cannot be the one they’re after.
Okay then, going straight into it.
Since John is still fucking Sherlock’s mouth, he impales himself a little on Sherlock’s finger. It shoves a few inches inside him.
Even though the grapes aren’t for him, John’s mouth falls open.
“I’m not doing anything,” John says. Also: his asshole is hurting a little.
From a distance, wearing a cap and sunglasses and blending in with groups of tourists, John watches them. He feels his jaw throb from Moran’s punches. This is definitely not a game anymore. Not a birthday surprise. Something has gone very, very wrong.
He doesn’t even know his name.
“Your body has to pee.”
It is unlike anything John has ever experienced. He knew his hole was sensitive, of course. He’s a doctor. He’s even had a prostate exam before. But this - this is like a hot sponge diving into his most private area. It’s almost a dirty act, a forbidden one. And the thought that Sherlock is pleasuring him there, longing to breach him with his tongue, eagerly playing with his entrance… God. John is rock hard, dripping onto the bed sheets beneath him.
John rises, too. It oddly feels like a goodbye. He holds out his hand.
“I am sober”, he says. “Sherlock...”, he says, carefully stepping a little closer and putting a hand on Sherlock's biceps. “I was not drunk when that happened, okay? I only had a little bit of champagne and two glasses of wine. I fully and knowingly did... Whatever that was.”
“It’s a girls’ drink,” John says.
-RuDollars: fake money they printed on season 2 to make paper dresses out of (famously they told a poor queen she just won a million dollars... #awkward)
If he is not dead yet, he feels ready to die of a heart attack now. Three heads whip to look at him in surprise.
Sherlock remembers how Mycroft had made him shave his hair off, the day before he left for his first mission, in Belarus. He needed to look more hardened. And he did. Every time he’d look in the mirror, he’d tell himself. Man up.
“Oh? What did you think of Russell Crowe as Javert?”
“The right…”
Now Sherlock is leaving him in ruins.
“Now, you better behave, the first…” he says, but at that moment an elderly woman with bad personal hygiene steps through the door.
“Here on the judging panel of RuPaul’s Absolut All Stars, we welcome Drag Race’s favourite YouTube stars,” Ru says.
“Yesss, you’re working that purple dress, miss landlady,” Jonathan says, kissing her two times on the cheek as he enters the doorway.
Sherlock quickly walks to the door and locks it. Then, he resumes his position and languidly drops to his knees, until the back of his head leans against the wooden desk. His shoulders are stiff, in his beige riding trousers is the outline of a bulge.
“How about we, eh, solve this pressing issue?” John asks. “The old-fashioned way.”
“Right,” She-lock says, already envisioning the meatiest tuck in the world. She turns around. “Now… take off your pants, too. Grab that roll of tucking tape hanging to your left. Carefully take a hold of your… army rifle, and pull it back as far as you can. Then… tape it stuck there.”
Sherlock’s bottom lip drops, and he licks his tongue across it. Then, Sherlock leans in, buries his face in John’s shoulder.
“Mycroft?”
“Oh, so that’s why you need me to fill in Sherlock about this particular restyling?”
“I don’t have a…!” John yells, but Sherlock whirls around and stops him.
haven't”, Sherlock says, sounding slightly offended, like an outraged suburban mom finding out one of the neighbours' kids has been smoking weed occasionally.
When they’re close together once more, She-lock picks up the conversation. “It’s when queens imitate famous women during a parody of a show called ‘The Match Game’. I chose to do Margaret Thatcher. Thought I was a riot, but they called my performance busted. And ‘hard to make funny’. Who cares, the witch is dead.”
Sherlock scowls. “This is my house, too.”
Sherlock sits down on the chair opposite John, and nods.
Mycroft has obscured his nameplate so that now, it only reads M.
“Major -”
“Yet. And EastEnders is on.”
The man, compact and grey-haired, appears to have a small limp. Great, She-lock thinks. This will be hell on heels.
“I was made aware earlier of the fact that you, Stephen, have been sleeping with another contestant behind my back.”
With a wink, Sherlock quickly disappears through a side door. Inside, people have spread out in small huddles among the pews. It’s a rather small church, he regretfully notes. Did mummy think few people would show up? Rude.
John’s head is pounding with anger. How can Jonathan be so calm? Why did Sherlock choose to face a deadly opponent without him? What did Lestrade have to offer that John didn’t?
“Oh holy mothertucker! We’ve found a body!”
Victor smiles as if nothing happened. “Do you want my potato?”, he asks Sherlock. “I'm on a carb free diet at the moment.”
“What?” Sherlock asks.
“It’s daylight, sir,” a reporter says. “Did Sherlock Holmes fabricate that case as well?”
-zap-
Sherlock shoots him a look, and suddenly, they’re both giggling on the pavement. John wipes a tear from his eye.
John hugs him tight.
She’s been expecting him. But she doesn’t turn around, and keeps her focus on the mirror, cleaning her face with a makeup wipe.
Serves Magnussen right.
He licks his lips.
Sherlock is dragged off by five crossdressing criminals. John needs to save him from some big dick energy. Basically.
He smiles. John looks up hesitantly, then his face clears.
“It’s my funeral, I should get to pick the music.”
“No, sir… But my friend and I, we know who did it. My mother’s murderer, you see… he…”
He giggles, but he shouldn’t - this is a dangerous situation.
Q glances at Mycroft. “Have they been assigned their codenames yet?”
Sherlock scrapes his throat. “Tell me, Sebastian. You're an investment bank director, aren't you? Was it five percent or ten percent psychopaths who work in the finance industry?”
Sherlock averts his eyes.
Sherlock stares at him.
They spend the rest of the evening ordering room service, watching terrible French game shows and ranking old Disney movies from ‘passable’ to ‘unbearable’. John finds a bottle of Kina Lillet in the fridge, and soon, a soothing buzz fills Sherlock’s head.
His hands are usually helpless around Sherlock.
Katya seems to spasm. John feels his medical training slip into gear: should he sprint over there? However, it turns out to be a mild to severe case of soundless laughter. Katya is doubled over and hits her thigh repeatedly, before recovering.
“I’m…,” John says. “So sorry.”
“The Queen’s military strongly advises to have several rounds in your chamber,” Sholto concludes. “Now, at ease, soldier.”
“I’ve been having very strong feelings for a man, you see.”
Sherlock looks briefly at John and then at Jonathan. He puts his lips around the tip of the banana. John nearly spills his tea. What on earth is that madman playing at?
“Yes, don’t you have a
“Hop in the shower," Sherlock says, eyes hard. “I need you.”
“Oh, and ladies,” Ru says, almost singing the last word. “Just… One more small thing.”
The Afghan war brought honours and promotion to many. But to John, it meant nothing but misfortune and disaster.
Oh god.
Sherlock slips a tight packet of money in the man’s breast pocket. Vacuum sealed, John wonders? He tries not to laugh at the absurdity of it all.
Sherlock sits up at once and raises his eyebrows. John grins uneasily and collects his laptop.
“Is that how you’re going to do my hair today?” Sherlock frowns, looking at the gaggle of curls, tamed by - could it be? Not even
The Final Date is a nighttime ride in the London Eye. It’s covered in rainbow colors for the occasion. They sit it in awkward silence. John stares out the glass pod, to the darkened, misty skyline of the city. London does not care to be seen.
“Well…” Sherlock says. “Go… for it.”
John grins behind wicked curls. “It’s what bodyswapped friends do. Now eat up,” he urges. “We need to leave soon.”
Then, Sherlock turns around, his knees touching John’s, dark unruly curls falling across his cheek and John’s shadow falling on his face. His hands are folded into each other, between them, just lying there like abandoned evidence.
Surely… Sherlock doesn’t need him to tell him he’s beautiful?
“And anyway, we’re close to catching him. I just know we are,” Sherlock says, fingertips touching his lips. “Want to know why? He’s panicking. He’s on my trail. I don’t know how, but he’s onto me, he knows I’m after him.”
Never before has John wielded so much power over Sherlock’s body, and in a way, John enjoys it. Is a bit power hungry, perhaps.
John’s exhausted cock trembles a bit at the thought.
“But you’re still shooting the season…”
John’s cards so far, are quite promising. Judging from his slightly nervous demeanor, he estimates Sherlock doesn’t have very good cards. But they need to get to Moran through this moron.
She-lock frowns. “That’s not what people normally say.”
“Well?” Lestrade’s baritone thunders through the room. “Got any idea how she died?”
Sarah looks somewhat lost upon John's return.
“We can’t giggle, it’s a dramatic scene!” John says, hands on his knees.
To his relief, he notices a printed rundown of the funeral service by the microphone. The actual vicar, whom he temporarily locked up in the wine cellar, must have prepared it. Sherlock flips open the first page. He decides to ignore John and Molly’s side of the church, and addresses the other half.
“The same can be said for Miss Vanjie,” she continues. “Vanjie displays other tactics to win the competition. She’s constantly lending clothes to Alaska to make sure she’s not eliminated if Alaska wins.”
“You climbed the balcony with Lestrade?”
The response to this fic has been... overwhelming and amazing. Thank you all who've been messaging, commenting, kudos'ing, reblogging, headcanoning, or even just silently reading (it's all fine ;) ). Nothing, absolutely nothing compares to writing for fandom.
“Don’t forget, she could be dangerous,” Dimmock says.
“John-”
“Just… think of cricket,” John suggests.
your head, by the way?”
“It’s trueeeee,” Alaska says. “I’m wearing her best leotard right nowwwwww.”
Magnussen doesn’t bat an eye. “Cheating? Nobody forced you to let Jonathan Smalls stab you with his meat dagger.”
“Well,” Mary - or really, Moriarty - says, “once it happened we thought we’d just have some fun.”
present.”
She-lock and John are deadly quiet. Are the two drag queens rooming together? No, John remembers, She-lock’s room is right between Alaska’s and Miss Vanjie’s. Sharon must be visiting.
He needs to be okay.
“I’m not your House of Holmes-keeper,” Mrs Hudson had complained while looking like a fabulous and powerful CEO on her way to the nightclub. But she’d even worn the look to the supermarket anyway, obviously enjoying the attention.
When they stumble off the rollercoaster, Sherlock’s Belstaff is disheveled.
Jonathan Wilson sits at the end of the table, flanked on each side by David and Sherlock. John made sure to sit on Sherlock’s right side, so he can help him if he needs it. Across from him, Magnussen is smirking. Opposite Wilson, awkwardly close together, sit Jonathan Smalls and Stephen Bainbridge.
She-lock detects a twinkle in John’s eye. Why would he be aroused?
“221B Baker Street, please”, he croaks. He's been such a fool. That was such a John Watson move in there. An old move, perhaps. Resorting to violence. Embarrassing everyone that's present. His fist is still shaking. The street lamps' lights slide off Sherlock's cheekbones as they drive through the city. Sherlock, who's leaning against the car window, eyes closed.
“He'd throw me on the bed like an
David adjusts his wig. “Loved him, of course.”
“Whoa there. Bad puns! Hopefully there’s a laughing track,” Jonathan says.
. Okay, but don’t we all? And lastly, Bainbridge:
He swallows. He sees something cross Sherlock’s eyes - a hint of fear, immediately replaced by a mask of indifference.
“He was a good man.”
“I thought you were bringing me breakfast in bed, not an indecent proposal”, John says.
“I agreed to it, though. I did it. I jumped. And then the lie was told. There was no way back, however hard I wished for it. I haven’t slept since… When I close my eyes, I hear you say the words, as you ran to my body,
“At least you feel right at home among our company then, Sherlock”, Sebastian replies. He puts down his cutlery and slowly wipes his mouth.
Maybe Magnussen’s aim is to create even more drama before publishing an exclusive exposé. If this is a fairytale, he’s definitely a villain, after all.
John is not exactly in a position to say no: freshly invalided out of the army, he’d had little luck finding a job. But thanks to an old friend from medical school, he’d finally been accepted as an assistant to Philip Anderson, forensic scientist at Scotland Yard.
Katya turns to She-lock, looking her up and down thoughtfully. And, well, also horny.
(See the end of the chapter for
It must be difficult to be a virgin in your thirties, after all. People expect you to be fully skilled by then, especially in the gay community, John reckons. And for Sherlock it is perhaps even harder. For Sherlock, who is so proud of his mind being greater than anyone’s, it must be humiliating that there is something he’s an absolute beginner at. So, from a theoretical point of view, he can understand Sherlock’s morning request, however clumsily phrased.
Perhaps he forgot his phone.
“Just to inform you three, the first ‘Final Date’ will be tonight. Sherlock, as you requested, that will be yours.”
I have to thank my beta 88thparallel once more for all her lovely feedback, encouragements, late night pep talks and corrections. <3
John is feeling less and less at ease, as they come closer to their judging. At least it’s distracting him from thinking about the kiss - his tucking tape feels a bit less… chafing.
-Tucking panties: tight panties that help queens keep their guns in the cabinet
“He does?” John asks.
“Fashion show!” Bobby yells, puts on John’s white cable-knit jumper, and follows Jonathan downstairs.
“In my defense,” Sherlock says. “I did assume you’d put your phone on silent during a hide-out.”
“Does that ring a bell?” she asks.
They’ve barely had time to process the events, when Janine rushes over. “I’m so sorry, lads, apparently some kids were playing with an airgun in the bushes just now.”
“Did you have to jump on her while you’re still in my body?” Sherlock retorts. “It’ll cause me trouble. You’re ruining my reputation.”
Janine opens her mouth to protest, but reconsiders, and as she turns her back on him, John can see her smiling smugly. She winks at John and exits, closing the door. They truly are alone now.
“Neither is dropping on your back rolls…” Todrick scowls. “You’re barely an
John pales - though it is barely noticeable in Sherlock’s already marble-like body.
Sorry to all those who didn't catch all the references. Worth a YouTube search: "Soju + cyst". Thank me later. Or kill me later.
Lipstick messages are apparently a signature thing in this reality show, so the Yard suspects it was written by a drag queen.
Sherlock glances back at John. “Oh thank god,” he mumbles. “Make it French toast. For two. And maybe no yogurt. And very black coffee but also with two sugars. And chocolate milk.”
“My best life includes dead bodies,” Sherlock mumbles, inserting himself between Antoni and John at the kitchen table.
He looks at those translucent blue eyes, that are now staring back so intensely. Beard or no beard, that is unmistakably Sherlock.
The corner of She-locks mouth is redemption arching already.
Lestrade looks like his jaw has decided to start a new life in the South Pole. “Wow, John,” he says. “You almost sound like Sherlock.”
The cameras rush over while a PA pushes her into good lighting. Well. Not season 1 style lighting, at least.
“We’re here to see Mycroft Holmes,” John says. “He… summoned us.”
Grunting, he pulls himself up using the rim. It’s dizzying. He is
John frowns.
It starts with the knocker on the front door. It’s slightly crooked. John frowns. It hasn’t been crooked in two years now.
Irene points at the drawing’s torso and legs.
-Pit Crew: half naked men who assist some of the challenges on Drag Race
Better than his mind palace.
It is a sweet touch.
“In my defense,” Sherlock says. “I did assume you’d put your phone on silent during a hide-out.”
Sherlock and John are stranded in France. Sherlock panics while John goofs off. More puns? You bet.
Next to the nightstand, he notices a dark spot on the carpet. “What’s that stain?” he asks.
Sherlock nods.
“Come on, I'll introduce you lot”, Sebastian says. “
“I’m, eh, going to a gay marriage rally later,” he says apologetically, fixing the robes.
“You will both lip-sync and dance,” Ru continues, “to my newest song, ‘Buy Me On iTunes’. Now available on iTunes.”
It’s not as if he
“WHAT?” Sherlock yells over the laser’s noise.
“Michelle Visage returned to her hotel room between filming promos today,” Lestrade says. “To watch some RuPaul reruns because, I quote, ‘she misses her babies’. But when she went into her hotel bathroom, the bath tub was filled with blood.”
“Christ. Have you been holding in gas?” John says, rubbing his stomach.
He averts his eyes, gets up and grips the massage bottle as he follows John to the bedroom. John throws his shirt over the safe, and lies on the bed, on his stomach, hands folded under his chin.
“Mmmmyes… I… I suppose.”
Sherlock doesn’t move. There isn’t a single indication that he has any clue what John is talking about.
None of that. John relaxes his shoulders, shuffles forward and bends over. Only then Sherlock notices his shoes seem bolted to the floor. He cannot run. And now John is so close, he could easily tilt him over. Into the shelves. Everything that was carefully kept in jars, destroyed.
John sets his shoulders, resigned. After the leaked massage pictures, John is really the competition Jonathan needs to eliminate. He’d be a fool not to boot John, just for laying a hand on Sherlock.
She doesn’t need a redemption arc to win.
John's fingers freeze on Sherlock's – now lightly trembling – leg.
“It is?”
with zippers.”
“Stop talking!” Sherlock yells. “You’re ruining the vibe!”
“John,” Sherlock says, like a mother talking to an unreasonable toddler. “Channel Five already invested so much money. They’ve made promos. They have hours of material. And we signed contracts, we’ll be ruined if we don’t see this through.”
“Miss A'Keria is the body!” Vanjie yells back. “Sorry, bitch, I couldn’t help myself. No, look into this huge ass box, bitch. Over here!”
“What else would he do”, John asks, tracing a finger along Sherlock's legs, upwards.
tight pants.
He strides toward Sherlock. These flowers, everywhere around him, seem like an insult. A memory of a funeral is stirred. A memory of carrying flowers to Sherlock’s grave, on Christmas, on his birthday, on the anniversary of their first meeting. And then Sherlock just waltzes in here, and puts these dreadfully beautiful flowers in vases, all over the table, on the chairs, on the floor. John kicks a vase filled with white roses. It shatters against the fireplace. Sherlock winces.
“Nonsense. Why do you think that?”
Moriarty gives a tight smile and ignores the dig. “I knew you’d appreciate my attention to detail, Sherlock. It’s the famous industrial laser indeed, which emits an extraordinary light that can cut through metal. I’d like to see it cut all the way up this time. Consider it my own personal fix-it of the Bond stories.”
“Well, we really must get going,” Sherlock says.
Moriarty keeps the gun pointed at John while bending down to sniff Sherlock’s fingers. “His hands still smell like lavender.”
In an instant, a switch gets flipped - from drama queen to doctor mode. John staunches the blood flow while Sherlock calls an ambulance. The production team makes sure the ambulance parks at the back of the hotel, away from any paparazzi - and soon they’re caught up in one adrenaline wave after the other. Sherlock’s room is swarming with coppers and they’ve been answering the same questions over and over, when suddenly, Mycroft walks in.
“Sherlock will tell anyone who will listen that he’s a sociopath. He wants it to be true, you know? He wants to be all work and no play, he wants to be the brain without the heart, so badly. That’s why he lashes out and insults everyone. But in everything he does, his love shines. And it’s not just that he would have killed himself to save his friends. That was a bit over the top. No, it’s the little things. I once saw him give a nine million pounds hairpin to a secretary, so genuinely happy for her. He once threw a man out the window for hurting our landlady, then he hugged her with the softest smile you’ve ever seen on a man. He cured my leg. He cured my
Then again, they could be saying something important. John should make sure he's not intruding on a most crucial part of their conversation, so that it's not cut short. Thus, he puts his ear to the door. The cold echoes through his entire body.
He moves the gadget suitcase to the front of his trousers. Just in case. Or
From underneath long wary lashes, Sherlock looks up to John.
“Wait, my Apple Maps hasn’t loaded yet,” Sherlock says, fumbling with his phone.
Sherlock seems frozen in place, in time.
Quickly, he whirls back into the living room, where John waits, tense.
Irene turns to Sherlock. “Oh, honey. I don’t need anything. I am curious, though. How did you figure it out? In the end, am I really so obvious?”
Sherlock thinks his heart has, right then and there, stopped beating forever. (Impossible. It stopped two years ago.)
Sherlock flinches at the raised voice.
”, he reads. “That's peculiar, I myself have played rugby there. Been to a small reunion recently, actually.”
Time to teach him a lesson.
, Sherlock breathes as John moves to his left nipple.
John could escape now, he supposes, lying there. From the open window, a cold breeze tickles his exposed behind. He’s still wearing his jacket, though, so that helps against the cold. And it feels kind of… nice. His cock would say. If it could speak. (A mouthful.)
She-lock fumbles with the key near her heart. “We should go get those handcuffs.”
“Good afternoon, queens,” the young man says cheerfully.
John’s mouth runs dry. How did he get so thirsty?
“The production company, HeartBeat Films, sent me this teaser trailer they'd released a few weeks ago, to find contestants. I mean,
Meanwhile, a PA has started wheeling the box away. In the distance, Shangela can still be heard calling.
“I need… your help,” his voice rumbles. “One last time. Will you help me?”
Cause of death?
“He was lying right there, when I stepped onto that edge. Dead.”
, on my belly”, Sherlock hastily says, while being literally dragged into the bedroom. John holds Sherlock completely still in front of him for a moment, to enjoy the sight of Sherlock's back arched backwards from the pull on his curls. John pushes his growing erection against Sherlock's hip. The detective makes an strangled noise. For a minute, John traces Sherlock's long neck with his free hand, then pushes the man onto his bed.
A lesser man would call that intuition, or
the black, is the void, a fatal rock amidst a tiresome ocean.
I think this was my personal favourite chapter :)
He’s quite pleased with himself, though. He looks a very different man in this makeup and clothing. The vicar outfit, he got as a gift from a very thankful drag king once. The Case of the Missing Penis never made it to the blog, sadly. And yes, the vicar outfit has a hideous, glittery rainbow on the inside, as part of a reveal. But he’s not planning a striptease - only a funeral.
Molly has put her hand on his knee and is whispering ceaselessly in his ear. But John lifts a hand and shakes his head, eyes closed, the lines in his face set to pure pain.
However improbable...
John can see a cloud move over Sherlock’s face, his bright eyes darkening at once, the corner of his mouth pulling. But he doesn’t fight back, he doesn’t even offer a retort. He just stands there, and takes it.
- he does -
John eyes the dark-haired woman with the rather large chest. She’s got nothing on She-lock’s natural beauty though.
Sherlock moves his finger in and out, while using his other hand to caress John’s balls from behind. He really seems fond of those balls, John thinks. Slowly, Sherlock traces a path from his balls down his perineum, then back upwards again. It sends a slow shiver through John’s spine. God. He never did ask any women to do this to him. He should have. By god, he should have.
you,” the words barely escape his lips.
-To pull an Adore Delano: to leave All Stars because you can't deal with the pressure and the judging
Sherlock helps John up and guides him to Jonathan Wilson’s bed. It’s still covered in rose petals. John is utterly confused. Everything is hazy. Now the adrenaline has worn off, the mist creeps back over him.
John runs to Sherlock’s wrists.
John exhales. “No.”
“Come on, Grumpy,” John says, smiling. “Let’s get inside, I could use a nap.”
“Don’t think you won’t get the villain edit again,” She-lock bites at her.
Sherlock’s eyes emit pure terror.
“Literally.”
Softly, Sherlock presses a kiss on John’s scar.
“I want to use the ouija board to speak to my deceased friend, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, looking up now, straight into Sherlock’s soul.
John sits down, opposite him.
“And do what? Help the dwarves? Destroy the Ring?”
When he peeps around the corner, his heart drops to his stomach.
He shakes Sarah's extended hand. More business-like than friendly. “Sorry again about last time.”
“John? John? John? John?” John’s voice says, voicing Sherlock’s thoughts.
A man's face fills the screen. He has brown hair with a loose strand falling on his forehead, and a nicely squared jaw, yet with a soft streak to it. “I'm just a heart surgeon”, Jonathan Wilson says, as his name and profession appear in dramatic, golden handwriting on the screen. “Looking for a good heart.”
John lifts Sherlock's pants carefully over his straining erection – god, the very idea of it makes his penis twitch in anticipation – but then rips the rest of it off with force. He's surprised to find Sherlock completely naked underneath, not wearing any underwear. Then he focuses on quickly removing his tshirt instead.
Sherlock’s mouth is open. Is that really what Lestrade thought of him?
Antoni shakily emerges from the kitchen. “W- what’s a dish your momma used to make?” He stammers, looking traumatised.
“Do you do yoga? It does wonders.”
“What’s the maximum prison sentence in France for homicide?” Sherlock asks.
“What?” Moriarty says “I’m a bit tied down. Sarcasm is my only weapon.”
She-lock exhales a long whiff of smoke. She can’t keep her fingers from trembling, though.
Sherlock looks from John, inside his own body, to Mary. Mary turns to him.
“I did it for Alaska, because she deserves to win, not Jinkx,” Sharon says, turning to Alaska. “I know how sensitive you are for repeats of season 5…”
Sherlock ends the call and locks eyes with John. John’s mouth is set in a serious line. With a pink strand of candyfloss in the corner.
to treat a eulogy as a press release. “He died too young, merely 33.”
Did he raid a costume store on the way here?
“I’m not hungry,” Sherlock shoots back, as if it’s a competition. (Well. It is.)
Sherlock raises his gaze, eyes questioning. No smartass comments. Odd, how Sherlock changes in these situations.
The room feels strangely quiet. On the couch, Jonathan Wilson lies, sleeping. Further away, in the bathroom, the sound of a shower running. And loudest of all, John’s heartbeat, still catching up with him.
But then again, Sherlock isn’t a woman.
“For Massage oil.”
“I’m wearing Valentino,” Sherlock says, but the journalists frown in confusion. He sighs, and pushes Wilkes out of the crowd.
“John, I -”
” Phi Phi continues. “After the whole world saw what an asshole she is, nobody wanted anything to do with the asshole she
. Useless! Jonathan Smalls:
“How many All Stars seasons do you need for a win?” Trixie meanwhile asks Latrice, who has dressed her army vet in a sparkly gown.
-Hog body: a body with no curves, because the queen didn’t cinch her waist; coined by Adore Delano
“Mister… Paul,” Lestrade says awkwardly. “Ru. Ma’am. Please let us… let John do his job.”
“Don’t talk about my mother when I’m like this,” Sherlock motions toward John’s leaking cock. Oh god. He should really avoid looking at it - that only seems to make it worse.
your outfit, by the way.”
Sherlock seems frozen in place.
“Remember, the one to impress Jonathan Wilson the most, wins a private date with him,” Janine says.
He switches on the light, and all the bright, cheerful colors hit John at once. He turns around to Sherlock, right behind him.
From the outside, muffled sounds seep into the bathroom.
It’s weird, being the commander of John’s voice.
knew! And you kept lying to me!”
Phi Phi blinks slowly, and steps back.
“John,” Sherlock says, softer.
“A what?”, Sandy asks.
“One or two homeless people. That cyclist that hit you to the ground. The… company that sells inflatable things to catch my fall.”
“Come here, you.”
And that’s when it happens.
“No! You jumped off a building because Mister Consulting Detective doesn’t ever fucking consult anyone!”
Jonathan takes the rose and looks at the two men before him. “Dear John, dear Stephen. I cannot say this was a difficult choice, today.”
“Glad you can finally… feed me up?” Sherlock asks.
John knows he shouldn’t have searched the hashtag. But here he is, early morning in his hotel room wrapped up in his complimentary bathrobe, exposing himself to the bird shit that is a Twitter timeline. He closes his eyes. The first episode hasn’t even aired yet, and #WNAH is already trending. Apparently, a “photographer” of the Daily Fail had captured the moment Sherlock exited his limousine to meet Wilson. The picture is grainy, yet clear.
Then, Sherlock lets go. His face looks like a thousand pieces of glass shattering. John looks back, confused. Something’s wrong. A numbness spreads from his neck over his shoulder. Dizziness sets in. He looks at Jonathan on the couch, still in an oddly deep sleep. He looks at the bathroom door, behind which there’s still the sound of water running, then it stops.
“Yes. For saving my life, I assume. His idea of wrapping up a Bond case, I suppose - sex with a Bond girl,” he says, bitterly.
Sherlock slowly tears his eyes away from John. “What do you want, Miss Adler?”
John swallows. He can’t bring himself to call Sherlock that - but he can fuck him into pieces. John almost goes all the way out of him again, then thrusts hard, pushing Sherlock's body upwards. He grabs at his shoulders and repeats the motion, starts really thrusting now. He feels his balls slap against Sherlock as he almost loses himself completely.
The pronouns will mostly change to 'she' after this first chapter, as we switch POV's between Sherlock and John, and John learns more about drag queen culture.
On her right, She-lock can feel Vanjie wince a bit at the sight. Right. Their on-screen romance didn’t end well. Something about notebooks versus post-it-notes. She-lock didn’t catch the exact tea, despite her English upbringing.
“Yes?”
the camera zooming in on you two, and it’s not going to look pretty on television. Let’s try focusing on your target. I mean
The man nods curtly and turns around. They follow him through a large room full of white curtains, glass chandeliers, plush chairs and blackjack tables. John recognises some of the faces there - politicians, celebrities. He puts on a poker face and focuses on the doorman’s back.
” he reads from a file.
“Doctor Watson,” he says, crossly. “I thought you of all people would understand Sherlock’s time away left him with certain… scars. I’d assumed you might have observed some of the physical evidence by now, if not the more … psychological ones.”
“I don’t care about… reading, or whatever you call it,” Watson says.
She has other fish to fry, anyway. She’s not planning on going to tuckahoe prison.
“So I guess
She-lock slowly rubs the lipstick off John’s lips, a memory stirring. She wipes a cloth along the edges, daring them to move, yet somehow unable to hear it.
“What on earth?” Wiggins says.
Sherlock’s blood runs cold. He grabs John’s hand, and together they run straight into Alice’s Curious Labyrinth. They run past the whistling caterpillar statue, past purple towers, through the bushes of the maze.
“It’s a
“I’m serious. We’re at Disneyland. Keep up. Don’t make me tell Mycroft Holmes you caused his little brother’s death.”
“No.” She-lock holds her hand up. This is not on John, but on her. She shouldn’t have let herself be distracted. Love is a chemical defect found on the losing side. Like Color Evolution makeup. She-lock should know better by now.
The realisation comes to She-lock with a jolt. She steps forward.
“Yes it was. Now hold my hand,” She-lock instructs. “And don’t try to do those pointes, it would be a bloodbath.”
Sherlock straightens in his booth.
“Yes, bitch, get those cookies,” Vanjie says.
They sashay off the runway, back to behind the scenes, where they sit and wait for them to be called back for judging. John is alarmingly quiet, and has stopped looking She-lock in the eyes.
John has never felt any desire to be on a tv show. He was fine being a sidekick, the conductor of light, not the one in the spotlight.
cadavers.”
“Oh, you were
Damn it.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... John fell asleep in She-lock's hotel room. Suddenly, someone knocked on the door to say Michelle Visage is unconscious.
Sherlock smiles.
Into battle.
They didn’t like her on television. She rubbed fans the wrong way.
They grin at each other. Briefly, before She-lock catches herself. She’s not here to be caught
“Look ahead”, John orders, as he takes off the towel and throws it aside.
“Who hurt you?”
. Clever. But you took it too far last night. Trying to chloroform Ben…”
While they’re waiting, the stable’s owner brings a basket of fruit.
“My funeral.”
Mycroft Holmes is staring at him open-mouthed. It’s uncanny.
Sebastian Wilkes. Banking on his death? Sherlock wades slowly but determinedly through the crowd.
Sherlock is staring at the entrance of the hotel where the woman just dropped them off. John lifts his eyebrows.
No. He - he can’t.
Mrs Hudson probably just had a visitor.
trust,” Lestrade says.
“Right. She, ehm…” John looks down. “She-lock has invited me to come to her hotel room tonight.”
Silence falls. Mary shifts on her feet.
“I thought you needed my help.” His voice sounds strange, contained. Like he's holding something in. A laugh, perhaps? Or something... else.
He quickens his pace, squeezing his eyes shut. What was the deal with that Victor lad though? He always figured Sherlock was quite asexual. Married to his work, didn't he phrase it that way? But there was definitely something there. John grunts. He uses his other hand to cup his balls, then to slide a little lower, across the perineum. He whimpers with pleasure.
“In case we don’t see each other… much… anymore, I mean,” Sherlock says. He stands up, slowly.
The room is filled with the slick sounds of a throat being fucked. Sherlock stills his head completely so John can create his own pace, in and out of his mouth. John squints his eyes and straight up fucks Sherlock’s mouth, lesson be damned. Sherlock seems to be enjoying himself too, isn’t he? It’s not a class anymore. It’s recess.
“Sorry, Sherlock,” he whispers to himself, to hear his own name in that voice. “You’re so handsome.”
“You supposedly suffer from narcolepsy,” Sherlock says, pausing shortly. “Sadly, your audience isn’t that lucky.”
John can see him panicking.
Their first dance flows effortlessly. As if they have been dancing around each other for over a hundred years.
Also, I’ve had AMAZING readers who blew me away with each comment. And yes, I feel sad that it's over... There is nothing, nothing that compares to the high of writing and sharing fic. I’ve learned so much about writing, about myself, about these characters we all love. I hope this ending will be satisfying for all of you who’ve been along for this amazing ride <3
“... an embarrassment to the Holmes name, and I’m sorry to say, I’m asha…”
Or is this their normal behaviour now?
“Well, not a murderer, per se,” Michelle says. “Short version, I’m… not dead. Can you imagine such a thing? No, seriously. Can you?”
John swallows. It seemed like a fun idea a minute ago, but now Sherlock’s almost naked body lies stretched out next to him, it feels very real all of the sudden. He looks the man up and down. Sherlock lies on his back, arms resting on either side. He’s open. He trusts him.
Behind him, John hears Magnussen quietly groan.
-She done already done had herses: A phrase Ru overheard one day and then decided to use as a replacement to “You’ve got she-mail!”
“I meant the game you’re playing with me,” Mycroft says.
Michelle Visage? She-lock frowns. Well - who doesn’t?
Almost automatically, his hands travel down to his balls. He needs to wash them, after all. And soap them thoroughly.
“Her-lock? Cher-lock? War-lock? Perhaps I’m too much in my head about this.”
He looks at Sherlock, now.
John grunts and lifts himself up. It feels like there’s a scone-sized rock inside his brain. Sherlock looks at them both, guilt in his eyes.
,” John gestures to the whole room, and walks out.
“Oh Shangela, hell no,” Latrice says. “I’m gonna close that box and sit on it.”
“Christ, can I please go back to being dead,” Sherlock mumbles.
Did Sherlock just admit to having a boner in the restaurant? John blinks the thought away. And away. He feels like Bambi talking to a rabbit, with all this blinking going on.
“Look how you care about Sherlock Holmes.”
Slowly, Sherlock pushes the tip of his finger into John.
“We will do no such thing.”
John bends forward and presses his lips to Sherlock’s nape. Tenderly he explores the soft skin, while still rubbing his fingers on the back of Sherlock’s head. He sticks out his tongue, and very lightly, very slowly licks along Sherlock’s neck.
John’s not going to mention the elevator in the room.
“I’ve underestimated you,” Mycroft says.
He lowers his voice, pours some gentleness into it. “What I was doing earlier, with your fingers, was the power of suggestion. Sex isn’t just in and out and that’s it. It’s playful, it’s trying out different touches, it’s discovering erogenous zones.”
could do the massaging, too,” John says.
“You were perfectly clear,” Sherlock’s voice is icy cold.
“You were eight.”
John rinses out his hair. Why would Magnussen want that? He doesn’t seem particularly interested in Wilson, and even if he was, John is not his biggest competition - Sherlock is. Why would he encourage John to leave so Sherlock can concentrate on Wilson? Unless Magnussen wrote the threatening note and needs John to get out of his way so he can kill him without too much fuss.
John rolls his eyes, but Sherlock holds out his hand cordially. “It’s never twins, Harry Watson. Finally, we meet. I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
“Now, I ask you for one last miracle,” Sherlock says. “I ask you to see this television show through with me. It’s only one and a half more episodes. You get a final date with Jonathan, so does David, and then the finale. Will you do this for me?”
He thinks of Jonathan. If he imagines Doctor Wilson doing this with Sherlock, tomorrow after the wedding, or a little further down their relationship, if they should pursue one - it hurts like a thousand needles being stuck in his heart. And if John is painfully honest with himself, doing this tonight with Sherlock, would feel like a small victory over Jonathan. That he, at least, shared this most intimate of moments, even if it’s just once; that it was before Jonathan.
Sherlock pushes him out the door. Then he looks back at John, glares, and disappears into his room, still holding John’s jumper.
“Where are you taking us?” John demands.
Then, of course, Victor is smart, he was at university, studying alongside Sherlock. He must like people who are intelligent.
John balances on the balls of his feet. “I may have given you the wrong impression.”
“You out him”, John adds, “To his closest friends, against his wishes.” Then, hesitantly, he adds. “If he is gay, which, might I add, we're well into the new millennium and it's actually completely okay to be gay – well, if he is, then that is none of your business.”
John lifts his head and blows hot air on top of Sherlocks nipple. He needs to hear that
Sherlock stares at him, speechless. Something drops from his face, goes down his throat as he swallows.
“Beyond what?”John asks.
“What?”
Sherlock drags his former body toward the roof’s exit - the one without bouncy castle, that is.
John takes a piece of bread and bites a large chunk off it without bothering to put cheese or meat on it. He can’t quite swallow it down. It crowds his throat.
The queens all look like they’re expecting their name to be called. Even Phi Phi.
“Thank god we were above that,” Sherlock says, very much not thinking about the sex.
like you.”
Maybe, if he saves them all, Sherlock will change his mind about him. (Pick him.)
His dark eyes wander to Sherlock, who just swallows and looks down.
Don’t they realise they’re being filmed, for fuck’s sake?
“Tomorrow, David gets his final date with Jonathan. First, it’s John’s turn. Where are you taking him, Jonathan?” Mary asks.
Sherlock rubs John’s penis against his lips.
She-lock slips a key card into her pink dressing gown as they let the door fall shut behind them.
“We’re lucky it survived the explosion,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock raises his hands, then drops them. He looks down. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock grunts at her. She’s clearly using her annoying French accent to try to extract information, and for no higher reason than her curiosity.
“People told me you were hard to like, but the truth is, I find you extremely likeable, She-lock.”
Oh John. The massage oil
“You two look drop dead gorgeous. And I’m glad to see you finally wearing some boobs, She-lock,” Michelle says. “I like your drag style. Fear the devil inside the drag queen, really.”
“Everything okay up there, your Highness?”, John jokes into the microphone, but a frown creeps on his face.
“I didn’t want you to throw a tantrum,” Sharon says.
“It’s mostly old people up here.”
“She asked you to stop being dead,” Ru says.
“Thank you,” he whispers. “You’ve given me so much this week. I didn’t even know how much I needed this. I’m not even talking about the furniture and the clothes and the hair, though they are all fabulous. And the food, I mean, that too, Antoni. Pancakes! No. I mean… This is hard for me.”
“John…”
He decides to play along, play the game, and jumps up. It’s the least he can do for Sherlock.
“Hello… patient,” Sherlock greets her hesitantly, slapping a stethoscope around his neck for effect. Should he have known the name of this woman? Is she a regular client?
“Miss Vanjie,” She-lock says, looking a tiny man in heels up and down. “Your wigs are looser than Brooke Lynn’s arsehole. Have you been using Roxxy Andrews’ wig glue?”
She-lock throws a piece of chiffon around her neck. “The same way I know you’re seeing a therapist.”
“Right, take off those trousers.”
Sherlock glares. Great. Now Lestrade thinks they’re
“Who are you? And why you and not this church’s regular vicar?” one reporter shouts.
“Get me out of these ropes, John!” Sherlock yells.
John frowns. “Should we… stop production?”
John glances at a higher monitor, showing a live overview of the room. The other queens are glaring at the curly-haired man as he accepts a pair of - John squints - bloody
“It’s July, most of my agents are on vacation with their families. You know how it is. School holidays. Dreadfully boring.”
“Nnnnnggghhmm,” Sherlock breathes, as warm come spurts over John in victorious streaks.
Alaska gets herself a kind looking, silver fox. Lucky her - Jinkx has longtime forgiven all Rolaskatox issues from the past. Sharon, Latrice and Phi Phi get some rather twinky soldiers and their bookies. Vanjie gets awarded the biggest man of the bunch - tougher to put in a leotard. Shade.
He latches onto John’s arm, and drags him toward the bed. Sherlock sits on the edge, a pouty look on his flustered face. John struggles to maintain his equilibrium, but withstands. He starts untying Sherlock’s scarf. Let’s get this man to bed.
“Finally, you’re awake.” It’s Phi Phi’s grey fox at the door.
“Bloody… Sherlock,” John says. “Do you think this is a safe or something?”
“Don’t you have some phone calls to transfer to Mycroft’s office?” Sherlock asks, annoyed. “Or ‘M’, as he apparently insists on being called during this mission.”
“Mmmmhhhh Sherlock-,” John chokes out.
Next to him, David bows to John. “She looks so hot today, doesn’t she? God, she could turn a queer.”
He hurries back, ready for battle.
Katya shakes her head, musing. “Those are the best kind of men.”
John stares at the rose in his hand. The feeling he got yesterday, when Sherlock filled him completely, when Sherlock touched his face desperately, like it was the last time he was ever going to feel it, when Sherlock breathed and shuddered on top of him, that particular feeling is a gift he wants to give Sherlock.
Sherlock's arms drop alongside his body. The rose dangles helplessly. On his left thumb, a droplet of blood.
Then the doorbell rings.
Sherlock touches the altar tentatively as he eyes the large, closed casket, way back at the entrance. Filled with rocks, of course. “The only time you’ll ever… rock,” Mycroft had said with some distaste.
“That’s what I base all of my drag on. Usually murders, but I’ve been known for my fabulous extortion creations and my fierce fraud drag ball looks as well. I’m very conceptual, so don’t think I’ll put you in a caftan and be done with it.”
“He drugged me too, and I’m his best friend,” John says.
“With a Mickey Mouse portrait in the flowerbed,” Sherlock adds. “And god knows what else.”
“What?” John's heart skips a beat while he holds eye contact with the cashier, a nice young woman with soft, black hair. As unperturbed as possible he tries to glide his bank card into her slot.
The woman gives a tight-lipped smile.
“Oh, Alaska Thunderfuck 5000,” She-lock says. “Oops, sorry. Strictly no thunderfucking allowed on screen, which you don’t mind, because you’re not nearly as punk as you’d like to be. You’re a sell-out….
Sherlock frowns. “I don’t think the Disneyland Hotel is hiding secrets from us, John.”
Wiggins leans forward. “Doc… Eh, mister Watson. Do you have… a good hand?”
John snaps his eyes to the front.
John looks down, suddenly embarrassed.
Maybe he forgets to close the door.
“Hope was brilliant. The only thing that needed fixing, was his taste in outfits, frankly,” She-lock ends her explanation..
But Sherlock is not laughing. He's looking deflated, completely embarrassed. Meanwhile, Sarah gets up and leaves, presumably to get all their coats. To get out the line of fire.
When Sherlock speaks, it's low and threatening, as if a storm is passing through his voice.
She-lock looks up, startled. “I’ve never really… thought of it that way.”
“An inconvenience?”
To any RuPaul fans who are unfamiliar with BBC Sherlock: should I make a you a cast list too?
That evening, the suitors and Jonathan go out together. It’s not exactly a group date, more like a casual unwinding. With cameras. And alcohol.
It’s clear the bachelor was pushed into this activity as much as the others. They keep having to reshoot the opening scene because he doesn’t look thrilled enough. Chessington, after all, is paying good money for the filming to take place here. It better look like people are having
Sherlock doesn’t hesitate and grabs a device from his inner pocket. It seems to be some sort of climber’s claw, which he attaches to the railing. A thin cable hangs from the claw, attached to Sherlock’s belt.
, John thinks.
As he drags the suitcase and overnight bag after him through another field, John smiles. “My education pretty much stopped at ‘
John looks at him, his eyes flickering to his lips. Sherlock licks his lips, and swallows.
First, there’s confused silence.
“The first season of All Stars didn’t even count,” Latrice complaints.
His next victim is the smallest man of the bunch, an short man with teal-dyed hair, who’s so far done nothing but glaring.
“Sherlock?” John hisses.
John closes the door behind him, and shoves his phone into his back pocket. Right. He’s in a barely lit hallway full of fake looking rocks and lights pretending to be oil lamps. There’s a staircase leading down. That’s where the dragon must be.
Sherlock is about to meet gay bachelor Jonathan Wilson as an undercover contestant. And John is alarmed: did Sherlock... actually dress up for the occasion?
This might be all a dream. This might be his last lonely hallucination before he is to leave on his mission, but Sherlock embraces it, has longed for it, relishes in it.
“It'll be boring. You'll be bored.” The detective looks away, but in his cheek, a muscle is dancing. Sometimes John wants to touch it, feel the quiver, or stop it.
Wiggins stands up defiantly. “I used to party with Sharon Needles, you know.”
John looks sadly down at his ridiculous rugby shirt. “Apparently, yes.”
“I love your pussy,” Sharon says.
“What?”
“Well, someone did die first. And I paid him generously, too”, Sebastian quips. He stands up as well, a Cheshire grin.
Sherlock wraps his lips around the grape, just a little too far, lingering on Jonathan’s fingers just a little too long.
“Nnnngh,” is the sound of his protest song.
John doesn’t dare move, not even his tongue around Sherlock’s earlobe. There’s no rulebook for this type of situation. A small part of him is too polite to disturb his friend’s orgasm. This is his fault, really. He should have taken into account that Sherlock has little to no experience, and is like a teenager in this way. In the body of a very adult looking, gorgeous man, perhaps, but still, touch-sensitive.
“My name is vicar... Trevor. And why me? The bishop couldn’t make it,” he says, whispering: “Baptism. The Duchess had another one.”
Latrice takes seven minutes to get her shoes back on, and they all head back to the runway. They’re instructed to stand just as before - John slowly shuffles next to She-lock.
John leaves the coat hanging, and slowly takes the steps up to 221B, one by one. His arms feel like sandbags hanging off his body. He’s trying to be rational about this. But when he reaches his flat, his breath cuts off.
There’s pride in Ru’s voice.
“You need medical attention.”
Next to him, Sherlock is rubbing his body against Jonathan’s, each time the horse moves. He’s holding out his bloody arse for Jonathan to take, it seems.
“Are you going to bring
“Hold onto me,” Sherlock orders. “Tight.”
“If you’re talking about masturbation, John, I know of it and I try to do it efficiently and as little as possible.”
The other man at the table, a burly type, looks at them with suspicion and leaves the room. Meanwhile, Sherlock takes out a flat, silver case, opens it and removes a thin cigarette.
“Could it be one of the eliminated contestants?” John offers.
John swallows. Is Jonathan about to throw Bainbridge out during breakfast? There’s only one camera present, though. And the cameraman is making no effort to include Jonathan’s face in his shot. Doesn’t seem like something they would be this sloppy about.
John pauses, biting his bottom lip.
But John’s anger keeps boiling up and spurting out.
Oh no. No way that Sherlock is going to be pointing fingers at him.
“Private Watson. One more thing,” Major Sholto booms, holding out a heap of clothes.
“We’ll edit that out.”
Well, mostly John is getting the
“I just want to know,” John whispers close to Sherlock’s ears. “Has this body ever been held?”
Virginity is not like a flower to be plucked. It’s a flower that needs watering, care, it needs steady ground and the chance to bloom.
“Prior to tonight, I asked you to prepare a lip-sync to the Four Seasons song ‘December, 1963 (Oh What A Night)’. The rest of the queens, please stand behind the stage.”
I can’t undress.” Sherlock says.
-Tuckahoe prison: a fictional prison for Drag Queens that was first featured in season 4
With a wink, Moriarty disappears, leaving Sherlock and John to their own devices.
She stops in front of Sharon, who’s still dressed up in her witch outfit. Perfect.
“The great Sherlock Holmes!”, Sebastian exclaims overly happy as he opens the door. “And his blogger”, he adds, eyeing Sarah from head to toe. He kisses her hand.
“You’ve underestimated
Like a jolt of electricity, in an instant. Sherlock opens his eyes, and he’s looking up instead of down. He’s standing - impossibly - where John was standing.
John assumes there are commercials planned before this point.
If he shaves his groin and balls in the shower, it’s only because it’s going to be a hot summer day. And he gets hot easily.
“I needed to be alone.”
“... I would have acted differently!” he yells.
While the queens murmur sleepily among each other, Phi Phi turns to She-lock.
“I’m here for my motherfucking crown,” Latrice says.
“Yes and no.”
Lestrade walks down a few steps, but gets stopped mid-track. It’s John. He’s standing stock still, shoulders stiff. Like a soldier, but his uniform is dark and handsome, his shirt and dress suit the darkest black. John shakes Lestrade’s hand, shortly. Lestrade avoids his eyes, mumbling “sorry”.
Thanks for reading. I love you all <3
The doorbell rings again.
John follows Sherlock’s gaze.
Then, Sherlock rolls over and falls asleep promptly.
The bed still smells of them.
He turns to She-lock. “Umm… Let me tell you this. There were times when I didn’t even think you were human…”
“What?”
John. John.
Maybe when you have him on his knees.
“Very observant.”
“Get out!”
“Yes?”
Outside, on the street in front of 221B, John grabs Sherlock’s arm, stopping him in his tracks.
He doesn’t want to see John die; he doesn’t want to feel John’s body dying.
It will make good television.
“More drama?” Ru asks. “We’ve only got one hour episodes, honey.”
John’s eyes travel downwards.
A pink flush reaches Sherlock's cheekbones now, as she speaks, pronouncing the last words like there’s a hot potato in her mouth. “It wasn't a murder at all. Herlock Sholmes
“He looks about twelve years old,” John comments. “He doesn’t look like a murderer at all.”
“Keep the cotton balls high enough in your cheek, and it won’t affect your speech,” Wiggins suggests.
“Hello, Doctor Watson,” the Dwarf in charge says.
On the roof of the Eurostar, which has nearly fully stopped now, John focuses on their surroundings. They’re in the middle of nowhere, somewhere in rural France, meadows everywhere around them. He looks over the edge, and feels suddenly dizzy.
“How do you know I won’t use this blood against you?” Moriarty says with a wink, as he rubs the substance on her cheek, intensely staring at Sherlock.
“Was that all… that happened?”
“But I do have to send you home. I’m looking for something real, something… forever. Maybe.”
“I don’t know if I would have the stamina or
John walks a little closer. Behind him, the rest of the Fab Five follow, smiling.
Irene rubs the drawing’s pubic area with delicate fingers, nails painted blood red.
“Do what?”, Sherlock asks, biting into an apple. Where did he get an apple? Does his hotel room have fresh fruit because he’s a suitor?
John looks… pale as a ghost.
“Jinkx Monsoon, I don’t give a damn what BenDeLa says to me, I make the executive decisions here. And your black and white reinterpretation of Detox’s classic look, making it even more classic, was brilliant. Alaska, your trash reinterpretation of all your previous trashy looks, smelled like triumph to me. She-lock, your London crime-inspired drag was criminally beautiful, and your solving of the case had the judges detecting some winning qualities. Alaska…”
“It’s quite obvious, isn’t it? You’re wearing deodorant.”
“... drive him…”
“Yes, this’ll definitely not draw any attention to our secret mission,” Sherlock says.
“Yes, if only we'd had ourselves a proper girl instead of a queer”, Sandy sighs cruelly.
Sholto locks eyes with Irene, who has slipped into John’s white lab coat and is smirking quite near to the medicine cabinet. But John’s attention is quickly brought back to Sholto, who suddenly leans close to his face.
“They called me Miss Wig,” Wiggins admits.
Sherlock looks down - and there it is. An… An erection? For Mary?
Jinkx’ drag sister Dimmock reaches into his bra and triumphantly pulls out a She-lock lipstick. “I figured you’d say that.”
“How long has it been since your last confession?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock‘s curls are wet, so he must have showered. God, how long was John out? He squints at the detective, who doesn't look up from his work.
Michelle Visage is the reason they’ve been called in. The infamous judge and Ru’s best friend has been getting death threats. It started with a message on her hotel room mirror, written in lipstick: “The next death drop is YOURS”.
on the floor!” John adds, for good measure.
“Oh…” This can’t be.
is helping
“Not what I had in mind when I thought gorgeous men would be hitting on me”, Jonathan Wilson says, groaning. He looks at the massive floodlight. “Though I should thank you, I suppose. You saved my life. How about a date?”
He puts his foot softly on the gas, and it’s… it’s pure sex. He pulls onto the road, leaving the waving secretary behind without a second glance. Driving this beautiful vehicle feels like sliding a sharp knife into a sweet pie. It’s smooth, it’s manly, it’s...
Sherlock looks up, relieved.
John directs Sherlock’s hands to his sides, and positions himself at Sherlock’s head. When he puts the palms of his hands on his back, Sherlock tenses completely. John waits patiently, until Sherlock slowly lets go and starts breathing evenly. Then, he strokes all the way down over his back, careful to keep his fingers together and thumbs parallel. Sherlock makes a tiny throat noise, encouraging John to repeat this movement.
The Lair is big and dark; searching it should take Moriarty a while. He appears to be unarmed and alone. If only John can untie Sherlock quickly, they can easily overpower him.
Phi Phi hesitantly lifts a finger to her lip, but before she reaches it, the door flies open. It’s Latrice, panting. She’s surprised to see everyone huddled together.
“Did you even get the 4G’s in there?” Latrice asks.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist, who immediately tenses. John waits a few seconds just to give Sherlock the chance to adjust to his grip. At last, John feels Sherlock melt against him a little.
Right. Possible psychopath, indeed.
“Well, that plan went awry,” she smiles. “Look, boys. It’s been fun, watching you writhe and dance and struggle. But as you would expect, I’m a very busy woman. I must be making my leave. And I did warn you, didn’t I, Sherlock?”
“I know we never really talked about this but… After you died, the media were relentless. They called me endlessly. About how you were a fake, how you made up cases for attention, asking me if we were shagging. They were nasty, Sherlock.”
John grabs at the floorboards. He’s dazed and confused. Did Sherlock kiss his two suitors - yes, that
Who should John hurt?
“Sherlock actually comes here often with her, too,” Molly says. “While you’re working.”
Just none that are visible to the eye.
And in one motion, John moves his penis halfway inside Sherlock, and stays there, sighing, grabbing at Sherlocks shoulders, allowing for Sherlock to adjust to the sensation of something entering his body. It must have been years, for the man. But he can’t wait any longer now. In one swift motion he pushes further, and he's fully inside him.
He looks at Sherlock. Would
“But I was hoping to play Doctor,” Irene says, not even blinking.
“A two,” Mycroft mumbles, getting up to leave. “The government is not your birthday party planner, Sherlock.”
John huffs at her. What’s she implying? How
Sherlock swallows.
“So let me get this straight”, he hisses.
“Stop talking”, Sherlock says, glancing at his friend. “Leave it, okay.”
“I was a cannibal!” She-lock says. “And don’t knock it until you’ve tried it.”
As Mycroft walks back to Sherlock, who’s talking to some cops, John stares at them. He feels like he’s been hit for the second time this evening. He watches as Mycroft whispers something in Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock swats at him as if he were a fly. Mycroft simply straightens his shoulders, sighs importunately and leaves.
He turns the shower on, harder than ever. The water splashes against his tense shoulders, the bathroom heats up because of the warm water, and the glass walls of the shower are completely covered in steam. It feels amazing, it makes him forget. For a brief moment in time, there is only his body, in a closed-off glass coffin where he can see nothing of the outside world, as if he's all alone.
“I deduced it,” Sherlock adds.
As they continue the game, the gorgeous woman next to John reaches with her gold-painted fingernails under the table and touches his arm. Momentarily, he freezes. But it’s important to stay in the game, not to give anything away. Not to let anything distract him.
John pauses. Sherlock sits perfectly still, as if making a move will break the spell.
“You’ve got to be kidding me. Sherlock could be
She-lock feels close to black swanning her in the face.
John looks up, biting his bottom lip. “She-lock, I…”
“I adored your Victorian boho style,” Bobby explains. “So I just polished it into something that’s still you but also very family friendly. I’ve replaced that old smelly sofa with a soft, large corner piece. I’ve redone the entire kitchen to make it a safe place for kids to hang out. And the fridge has no more body parts in it.”
“Hmmph,” Sherlock breathes.
. If I had known he was in on it…”
John giggles. “So errr, Sherlock…,” he whispers in his ear. “I know you like this suit. Do you want to go inside and take it off?”
body. Sherlock can tell he is getting very angry.
Before John can react, Tan puts a hand on his shoulder. “I like your style, but I just want you to have more fun with it.”
Sherlock closes his eyes. He doesn’t think his legs will carry him much longer. He’s already near the floor on John’s.
This feels like a massive boner pressing into him.
“Shut up. When I did my speech, you let me cry in front of all those people.”
She-lock grins at John.
The man however, is unimpressed and simply lifts his hand. Well -
What?
Doctor Watson’s mouth hangs slightly open.
“I have questions,” John says, a little louder. Sherlock cannot bring himself to break eye contact, though it feels like risking it all.
“Now, what does a good soldier do before he shoots his load-,” Sholto slowly says, emphasising each syllable. “-ed rifle into an enemy?”
John gestures at Molly, who holds her hand over her mouth.
Behind John there's a sulking detective. All the way here he hasn't said a word. Even now his mouth is one long line, a torn off barcode.
Jonathan crosses his arms. “Was this whole show a scam?”
“Sherlock! This is
times when John wondered whether there was a tenderness underneath that cold mask, but that seems like ages ago.
(See the end of the chapter for
John is staring in awe.
“It’s… It’s no different from joking in the army between buddies,” Phi Phi stammers.
Sherlock looks up, his cold mask slipping. And suddenly John sees the situation for what it is: in front of him, an insecure man, who never knew sober love, thinking this perhaps really
John, meanwhile, is in a short black dress with rather butch accents at the top, almost uniform-style buttons and shoulder pads, but still very feminine around the waist. The detail on the dress is incredible, with hand-sewn diamond droplets, in the color pink to match She-locks outfit. John’s pussycat wig is rather short, grey, with a black and pink cap on top. She-lock made him wear hip pads, and admittedly, they look amazingly feminine.
John makes eye contact with the taxi driver, who tries to wink reassuringly. John glares at him. They spend the rest of the taxi ride in complete silence.
“Release the safety catch!” he yells. To no avail, of course.
“You’re about to meet your car. How good are you with a stick, Doctor Watson?” she asks.
John nods. They ride in silence. Small waves die on the sides of their boat, providing a soothing, steady rhythm. Then, Jonathan turns to him, looking pensive. He leans forward, and pushes his lips onto John’s.
“Excuse you? Stop trying to reinforce your heterosexuality all the time,” Ru says disapprovingly.
“Why it gotta be British?” Phi Phi hisses next to her.
John startles.
“We’d like to know where to find the golden boy,” John continues, avoiding the name ‘Sebastian Moran’, but he’s the elephant in the room.
“Stay still,” he whispers in a low voice.
“Trick question,” Sherlock says, indignantly. “We have a Queen.”
“Well, text the Nobel Prize committee, I’ve got it,” he says, pouring the final solution in two cups. “Moriarty, Mary’s body I mean, and myself should rub this on our skin and think of the other, we’ll be transported right back.”
She-lock just stares at her blankly. Has she come to Gia Gunn all over their fun? She already tried in the hotel corridor, but it didn’t work. John seems unfazed today. And She-lock’s not here for all those pageant queen mindgames.
He needs to find the surface.
He sits down again as Lestrade takes the stage.
He slowly turns around, shoulders tense, suit jacket hugging his chest. He looks majestic in the morning light. Sherlock stares at John’s fingers.
He feels John’s caress, though.
Sherlock blinks rapidly. Nothing comes to mind. Usually, he has quite a tight control over his body. If something arouses him, he quickly looks away.
He pauses.
“A fag, dear. Mommy”, Sam says. “A nancy boy. A poof.”
It makes John pause for a second: druggie drag? Junkie? Surely not… She-lock? No.
“Please”, Sherlock begs into the bedsheets, grabbing a handful of them. “Please. Take me.”
But it’s so nice, John thinks, to finally hear She-lock's deep, chocolatey voice again.
John looks back.
“She says hi to Alaska,” Katya says, smiling wide.
“Observe, yeah. I get it.”
Though they’ve told the other suitors the official story - that Wiggins was sent home after a drug overdose - there are rumours going around about what really happened. They’re not even hiding their whispers around the table, as they shoot John and Sherlock nasty, accusatory looks.
“Christ, no more climbing across the balcony, I swear to you…” John pulls up his blanket, suddenly feeling rather naked. Luckily he is wearing underpants.
He carefully studies Sherlock’s expression.
“You seem to have dropped this, Monsieur Cherverrou.”
“John,” Sherlock chokes out.
“I saw your little John come out of your room with you,” Phi Phi repeats, smiling. “Have you been teaching him how to tuck?”
-The Gold Bar: one of the backstage areas where they filmed the behind the scenes spinoff show ‘untucked’ for a couple of years. One time, Dita Von Teese was a guest there but the queens were too busy fighting in the other room to notice. It was hilarious
Sherlock looks unmoved, and rather clueless.
“It says on your card. You’ve been recommended.”
“Jinkx should’ve been in the bottom a long time ago!” Sharon says.
Or the research he clearly did to prepare for this, at least. And the lube.
Sherlock rolls John’s eyes.
“Did you change my bloody ringtone to the James Bond theme?”
Sherlock puts a hand on John’s shoulder.
John didn’t know gravity could feel this way.
decided to come. So please, next time, respect my wishes if I tell you to stay out of it.”
Phi Phi: “She-lock, ever since you met the UK Drag Race judges, your anus is so loose it has its own snatch game episode. Snatch, get it? Vagina?”
“Is this John Watson?”
body, I don’t want to feel strangely… relaxed when I return to it!”
But John. He has a chance at happiness. He should take it, Sherlock tells himself.
her. Not
She lies on the bed, her head on a pillow.
“Great idea,” Sherlock says.
“Good”, Sherlock says.
Irene rolls the map away, and smiles, satisfied.
“Firstly, the soldier scouts the environment,” Sholto barks.
Suddenly, he stops shaking Sherlock’s shoulders, and falls eerily quiet.
“Sherlock Holmes has insulted every bloody person in this church,” Lestrade begins. The crowd lets out a subdued chuckle. Sherlock raises his eyebrows at them - will this be a funeral service or a roast? This is not what he imagined.
His awkward rambling is interrupted by the sound of all car doors being locked simultaneously. He looks up, to see the taxi driver’s eyes smiling at him.
“Stop walking funny,” John says.
“I’m bisexual,” he continues. “And I guess I’ve… always known, in the back of my mind.”
“Sarah”, John automatically corrects, even though he's probably just taking the bait. The rest of the allegation, however, he doesn't correct: dinner and a movie might be too old fashioned to impress women, getting kidnapped by an ancient Chinese crime syndicate is probably better suited for a third date. “And stop reading my emails.”
“Piss off.”
John just stands there, blinking. This is madness.
He glances at John, who’s sitting a few feet away, watching the stationary Eurostar from the bushes. He told him to check if there were any other people leaving the train. In which case, they’d really have to make a run for it.
“I jumped off a building for you!” Sherlock yells back.
“Oh, Ru,” She-lock says. “I know she’s shading me by pairing me up with someone so old he still remembers the parting of the Dead Sea, but I can solve every bad case of straight fashion - no offence, John, almost everyone has it. I can deduce exactly what shapes and colours will make this John Doe into a beautiful deer.”
The keys that open almost every lock are useless with a keypad. They are attached to an explosive keychain, which he can’t use in public anyway. There are explosive glasses, too. There’s also a cigarette lighter that doubles as a grenade. Dentonite toothpaste. A box of sleeping pills. A cigarette that can shoot a mini rocket. A pocket snap trap - like a fancy mouse trap. A salad-filled French baguette that might just actually be lunch.
“He’s in the wine cellar.”
His face is distorted, as if he’s in pain.
“John chose that song, you know,” Mycroft says, softer.
Sherlock looks guilty.
“I must admit, I quickly googled you on my phone after our meeting. You do lead a very interesting life. You were even dead for a while, it seems. That one took me by surprise. Sounds dangerous.” A weary smile. “Maybe too dangerous?”
“Hold still, please.”
getting shot at.
John hopes he isn’t blushing. Her fingernails are painted bright red. They creep a little higher.
“I imagine it’s the last day for you,” she says, bluntly. “Oh, don’t look at me like that. I mean it in a good way!”
Meanwhile, Karamo is studying the knife on the mantle, next to Billy the skull. He turns around to Sherlock, smiling broadly. “You ain’t fooling anybody, you’re into some freaky shit!”
Sherlock looks at his fingers. “I suppose those Bond girls are a little… sexist.”
Well, not much to worry about there. She-lock shrugs.
“These are Sandy and Simon. We were all in the same dorm together, all of us”, Sebastian explains. “They're already married.” He makes retching noises.
Jonathan looks Sherlock up and down, intently. They stand chest against chest. Jonathan must feel Sherlock’s heaving against him. (Or other body parts John doesn’t intend to think about. Definitely not thinking about.)
“You’re basically the British government, of course you can protect me.”
“Meeting point,” Sherlock says, and swipes a hotel card at her door. It opens, and as he pulls them inside, a dreaded feeling enters John.
“Why would I need you?”, John says, fighting to hide everything he has.
because he was a sad, lonely
“A what?”
John shifts on his heels. He and She-lock wait at the end of the line, while all the other queens get read. The judges don’t seem in a particularly good mood…
She-lock removes the glasses as Alaska inspects her nails, supposedly disinterested. “You can edit that out, I don’t care,” She-lock says as he rejoins the others.
“Why did you lie about Mrs Hudson being shot?”
John takes a step forward, toward him. “That you were loveable.”
John doesn’t know how long he’s slept. He doesn’t know what time it is, what this place is, he barely registers the body next to him, so close on the other pillow, hands so near each other.
It nearly breaks John. He couldn’t help him then, but he still can, now.
“Sherlock? What are you doing?” John yawns.
“It’s been… interesting,” John says. “Being you.”
“John… D… Doctor Watson,” Sherlock says, shakily.
“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,” Sherlock screams as the coaster plummets.
Something else happens, right then. In his own pants - why in the everloving name of fuck did he wear such a loose fitting pair - his dick remembers its own existence. Not the best of times, certainly. John feels himself slowly hardening as he moves his warm tongue around Sherlock’s thumb, hoping to god Sherlock won’t break eye contact and look down.
“I’ve forgotten to put on lipstick.”
“No, I mean
Just a few hours ago, on that balcony… She didn’t mean to go this deep with John. Well, at least not figuratively.
But then, Sherlock puts his mouth on John’s right ball.
When they arrive at the Landmark, after five more rotations that made John want to punch London in the Eye, Sherlock slides between the elevator doors right before they close. He pushes the button to the second floor, and positions himself between John and Jonathan.
On the other side of him, Sherlock tenses visibly.
“This is for all you press parasites at the back. I worked with him, yes. And now he is disgraced. He’s…” Lestrade swallows. “He was my friend. He was a great man.”
Bainbridge and David have already mounted their horse, a brown mare with a tortured look on her face. Horses are really not meant to be ridden by two people. But, John supposes, it looks romantic on camera.
Then his phone rings.
John’s hands feel helpless.
Oh bloody hell. “That was just to guide you on your date!”
The man is showing him the small platform where he’s about to stand on, a tiny hydraulic lift designed to make it seem like he’s flying.
“You see, but do not...”
“Let’s talk about this,” Lestrade says.
From now on they will have to use the self check-out.
. At the end of the video, a female voice appeals to any viewers to go to the show's website to enlist for this special dating show. The title, apparently, will be 'Wilson Needs A Heart'. John chuckles. The tagline – '
John blinks wildly. Someone wants to seduce Sherlock?
John halts inches from him. He can’t touch him. That would make it real.
“What happened?” Jonathan asks.
“Is this the time and place for assigning blame?”
“Highly trained privates,” Sholto continues, “do not go off on their own. Understood?”
John shakes his head.
“I don’t know, it doesn’t feel like she did it, though.”
“To die for,” Trixie agrees. “Death drop gorgeous.”
Michelle Visage?”
“Don’t think for one second you can come back,” John says. Unsure if he means it. “Like nothing has happened.”
John gathers himself for a second. He puts his hands on his hips and looks up.
He knows immediately what will be on it.
“Judge Rudy, I rest my case,” Jinkx concludes, and walks away.
Like a startled deer, Sherlock blinks into the camera. Then runs.
John swallows. “I’m a big fan of James Bond.”
A bad time to realise, perhaps, with a finger pressing so closely to the man’s entrance.
At the registry, John tries to haul the groceries onto the conveyor belt extra fast, before Sherlock can help him. As if to punish him. John knows it's an insane type of race, an absurd competition, but he can't stop himself. They're both aware it's happening. Sherlock flinches with every item that touches down hard. Breathe, John thinks. He slows down. Grants Sherlock the last item, toilet paper, to lift.
“Please,” he says. “I want to do this with
John freezes.
Sorry John, this chapter was angst with no happy ending. ;)
“John, I…”
watching Dance Moms.”
In absence of clear instructions, Sherlock improvises. He closes his lips around John’s cock and moves his head a little further down, then up again. It takes him a bit to coordinate, but soon he establishes a steady pace, while still stroking John’s balls. It’s too much, it’s too fucking much. John grabs Sherlock’s curls, and pulls his head back, against the edge of the desk.
John blinks. Mycroft is… gifting him a human being? That smug son-of-a…
Irene approaches him slowly, while keeping her gun aimed at him with one finely manicured hand, nails gleaming in a particularly deadly shade of red. “You already know what I want.”
It might be enough.
“Pancakes“, John quickly says. “When I was young, my mother used to make them. When my dad had… bad days. She’d make us all feel better with pancakes."
-Cliffhangers: toes that peep over the edge of the shoe because the size is too small
Yes, John should definitely be careful. First times are important. He knows he thought the first girl he would be with, should be special. Didn’t care so much about girls number two, three through seven, really. But that first one sticks with you, doesn’t it? That’s why he waited until seventeen until he went there, with a girl he really had a crush on. His first love.
“You may find these keys useful,” Sherlock says, offering them up. “They open ninety percent of the world’s locks.”
As the last echoes fade out, John suddenly remembers he’s in heels, and groans. She-lock turns to him.
, John thinks.
The sound of balcony sliding doors, and then nothing. She-lock pushes John back inside the hotel room, and they both start giggling like maniacs.
Sherlock doesn’t reply. He glances at John.
Bobby looks a bit scared.
John stabs at a piece of cake, thinks hard before he answers.
Sherlock turns around, and the soft candlelight bounces off his cheekbones. His eyes are shining, and John swallows. He reaches his hands out to Sherlock, who almost winces, but allows himself to be touched as John removes the microphone from his silk robe, turns it off and puts it in his back pocket.
John frowns. Are they…. flirting?
A cold shiver runs over She-lock’s body. She can’t move. She’s paralysed. How can her own brother think…?
This is exactly what John was afraid of.
“You think the competition is strong? Oh henny - these tired queens? Alaska snorted so much of her winnings she could only afford to wear bin bags for her entrance look. Again. Sharon Needles’ career is so dead not even an ouija board can call it. Vanjie’s lifespan is about nine memes old. Latrice went to the Coco Montrese School of Makeup, she looks orange, girl. Jinkx Monsoon’s drag is so old that even her Snatch Game was all dry and wrinkly. The Snatch Game wasn’t on, hunty. And Phi Phi O’Hara can’t even win one challenge if she dyes her hair in LGBTeal.”
They stand awkwardly, while Mike Stamford gets powdered again to reshoot his introduction. Nearby, Jonathan smiles at them. Well. At Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock.
“Wait just a second,” Sherlock says, and he walks to the gadget suitcase, where, after 37 seconds of rummaging, he finds what he’s looking for. MI6 magic, better than Disney.
Christ. If there ever was a worst time for a massage bottle to gleam in the corner of Sherlock’s eye, just standing there,
“Mmmh,” Sherlock yelps, a little higher. His arms lift and he grabs John’s bare upper arms, shaking.
different.”
“I'm James Weston, if anyone's interested”, John says. “Cheers”, he tells the butler, who's refilling his wine glass generously. He takes a sip of water, just to show he can, too. He's an adult. He's responsible.
He holds out the most hobbit-like foot in Drag Race herstory.
kind of way, as Charles begrudgingly brushes Phil’s hair explaining how to be popular.
John swallows hard.
John moves to rest on his knees, grabs Sherlock’s limp hand and pulls it up to his mouth. He waits, and searches Sherlock’s face, looking for signs of revulsion. For a moment, he wishes he had Sherlock’s deduction skills.
John stares at her. Should he correct her? He glances at Sherlock. Within hearing range. He doesn’t want to make things awkward between them. If Sherlock thinks he ‘made John gay’, he might feel guilty about all the sexual acts they did.
“Don’t lie, you’re not tiny anymore!”
Of course, there’s always
He sifts through them, just to check for familiar names. Nothing.
Sherlock rolls John’s eyes.
“You’ve been the best godfather to her I could wish for. Please don’t move out of your own home. Molly thought… I thought. Look, it doesn’t matter. Things don’t have to change between us. I’d rather have you around as we were, just as friends, than not at all.”
“I was planning to go as a mourning widow, but my one black veil was in the laundry,” Sherlock says, shrugging.
the song, Latrice-style. He’s emanating it with his whole body, without even having to move.
Oh, how he relishes John’s astonished look.
“Good, good. You got the gist of it. Let’s quit while we’re ahead, shall we?”
Right?
Latrice: “She-lock, the high-functioning socialite from the House of Holmes. Get those ginger nuts away from my face!”
“Are you?” John asks. “Sherlock. You have been drinking, after all.”
Sherlock joins them. They’re now the only three people left in the room. It’s still dark outside, but the sounds of traffic have intensified, early workers driving and making their presence known to those who care to listen, like a rustling inside a shell.
“To not keep you on your toes, of course,” She-lock frowns. Surely she mustn’t go into depth about the abomination that are ballerina’s feet?
John stares as Sherlock removes the banana from his mouth. It’s still bloody intact.
“We’re talking about your drag persona, John,” She-lock says. “Don’t get your tucking panties in a twist about something as boring as gender. I don’t have time for your gender identity crisis storyline, I need you to pas-de-deux to the top with me. No, wearing a skirt won’t make you gay. No, wearing lipstick doesn’t make you any less of a man. Yes, some drag queens are trans, and no, not all drag queens want to be a woman, and
“I’m going to need you to wear the microphone again during Sherlock’s private date time.”
Behind a long, grey fake beard, and underneath an equally grey wig, a spark ignites.
Well, he supposes that’s off the table now. Good… good… Definitely, 100 percent good. Not one doubt about it.
“I thought the House of Holmes was more of a… Homeless network,” Latrice says, awe seeping into her voice. She’s on her second cocktail now. “What’s it like being She-lock’s brother?”
John blinks. He never thought he’d hear Sherlock Holmes, the great detective, utter the words ‘erogenous zones’. He’s pretty sure that, whoever Sherlock ends up with, his partner will discover a new erogenous zone just by listening to his voice vibrate.
He sips it.
“I always judged Jinkx fairly,” BenDeLa says. “Drag really becomes him, you know.”
The group date takes place in Hyde Park. The contestants stand patiently in the hot, blazing sun while Janine runs around cursing at camera operators, Jonathan is being powdered excessively and in the background of it all, three horses stand waiting. Waiting, and pooping.
“Do you see what I’m doing here?”
John pulls Sherlock closer by his waistcoat, and finally, their lips touch. Sherlock moans lightly against him, as if the kiss still came as a surprise, but then he quickly recovers and starts moving his lips. John’s heart leaps. This man. This man dressed as a British spy just to please him. Is now kissing him. With soft lips. With hard passion.
He needs his feelings to diminish so badly.
John tries to catch his gaze. “Sherlock…”
Next update: Monday. Can't wait to share that chapter with you guys - it's one of my favorites. Though I hope you liked this one, too :D
“Yes.”
“Well,” Sherlock grins. “I’ve been eating, too.”
David puts his hand back on Jonathan’s. This is chess. And David has moved his pawn.
Nearby, there’s a train to nowhere. Quite literally. A train across the longest
Until, near the end of the work day, it’s Sherlock’s time to shine.
He looks up into his own uncomprehending face - new muscles must be used for that, Sherlock notes.
Sherlock bites his lip.
“Perhaps.”
Slowly, Sherlock pushes in. Inch by inch. It doesn’t hurt as much as John thought it would. It’s a weird feeling, really. Yet… interesting.
John lifts his eyebrows in surprise. They haven’t even started, and already a position switch. He’s fine with it - with the idea of seeing Sherlock, while he enters him. Perhaps seeing his face contort with bliss when he comes inside him.
Sherlock steadies himself. “The scars are fine, they’re
“My biggest enemy,” She-lock says, sitting up. Can she already feel this hungover, so quickly after downing a cocktail?
“Right,” John says. “So, errr…. That’s what I learned here. What kind of man… I am. I want to be.”
In the background, Janine watches them dance, arms crossed, smiling smugly. John looks down at the empty cocktail glass. O true apothecary, thy drugs are quick.
Doing things separately is precisely what always lead to to the most dangerous situations, John remembers. Sherlock shutting him out during the Blind Banker case led to him and Sarah almost dying, for example. Sherlock not letting John in on his plan to fake his death led to a world of pain. John remembers Sherlock’s scars, running over them with his hands. Not this time. This time he has agency, he has a choice, and his choice is to stay.
“Or once you open your mouth,” John adds. “But I’ve thought of that. I’ll pose as a student doctor. That way, you can ask me to perform examinations and tell me I’m doing well, while providing patients with actual care.”
In a way, Sherlock is confirming his deepest suspicions. He never
By the time Bainbridge and David appear in the distance, it’s been too many fucking grapes for John to handle. David, however, is limping - playing up the severity of a definitely not broken ankle - and Jonathan runs over, eager cameras in his wake.
“You thought she was attractive!” Sherlock says.
“Okay, now, take my penis in your hand,” John instructs. Why is it so hard to say those words? (Why is it so hard?)
Sherlock waits patiently, and stares at John. He can see him perfectly from the kitchen, wrapped up under a blanket, laughing at an idiotic comedy. He almost regrets that their Bond nights are over, now. He doesn’t get invited to watch films with John anymore.
Sherlock seems sober.
“Don’t run away from me!” Sherlock says, following him.
Sherlock's knuckles are blanched as he grips four water bottles close to his chest. He's refusing to put them in the shopping cart, again. John glares at him. Somehow it irks him when Sherlock tries his best – helps to carry stuff, holds a door open, accompanies him to the store. He didn't use to do that. But ever since he returned about six months ago, after more than two years of pretending to be dead, he's been almost
sleeves confusing him before accidentally almost tripping over a loose tile in the hallway.
Not nearly exotic enough, Sherlock thinks. But he has likely pushed his luck already with Mycroft.
“John-” Sherlock sounds near-panicky.
When John enters 221B, Bobby stands proudly in a decor that feels different yet still very much… them. John and Sherlock.
“Shut up,” Sherlock says. “He looks really young. And dashing.”
Being looked at - really looked at - makes John’s mouth dry and his cock involuntarily twitch.
This is a story for all the people obsessed with both Johnlock and RuPaul’s Drag Race. Which, I estimate, is approximately five people, lol.
John looks struck. Sherlock frowns. Why? This should
John leans closer, moves his hand up to Sherlock’s neck, his mouth to his ear. And in the silence of the church, a breath escapes in the midst of old and stone cold walls, a secret silently spills: “I... I love you.”
John would often wake from a nightmare and keep living a waking terror that only faded with the morning light. Quite like that feeling, John awakes after their nighttime conversation, feeling as if it never really took place, as if it happened inside the sea, and the words are muffled faraway sounds now, as the morning washes him ashore.
An odd sound escapes John’s throat. John tries to leave, but Sherlock stands up and blocks his path.
Charles smiles.
“What did you say when you first met me?”
“They don't know he's a sociopath,” Lestrade adds.
John snorts, and a huff of face powder goes flying.
Sherlock swirls around, furious. “I knew this would happen eventually,” he says bitterly. “I just didn’t think you’d do it on international television.”
John swallows.
A first group date, and a touching scene.
She-lock laughs. “That’s the least of your worries now, John. I’m talking about tucking.”
She-lock straightens her back and waits patiently.
“We need to solve this soon,” Sherlock hisses.
“They could have paid someone to do it,” Lestrade says.
“We’ll need to change, of course,” Sherlock says as John pulls into the Mayfair underground parking nearby.
“So go on, go enjoy her,” Sherlock spits. "Your... escort back to London."
“You don’t actually think I am interested in him?” John asks. “I am.”
“Me too, gosh, aren’t they
“Isn’t that touching,” Moriarty says, holding up a small gun.
“I was just being nice!”
“Yes, who is this?”
“Are you sure we’ll find information on our suspect here?” John says as they walk up to the casino.
Tan pushes John to the dressing room door. “John, you’ve got the body, I just want you to show it off. We’ll of course take your measurements later, but this will give you an idea of what you could look like.”
John coughs and adjusts his trousers. “So… why did you… summon... me here?”
“John.” Sherlock fumbles with his vicar’s clothes, and slides his fingers through his slicked-back hair, loosening it a bit. A single rebel curl falls onto his forehead.
- She-lock can hardly believe that she dared to do that, she
There’s a long pause on the other end of the phone.
“I knew I needed a plan. That’s why I asked Molly…”
John had jumped on Moriarty, been ready to die to protect him, and at that exact moment, Sherlock knew.
She-lock heads to her work station. They shouldn’t be wasting time. She already has some ideas, and brought two matching drag outfits to prepare for this challenge. But there’s a lot to be done. She should take measurements, pick out accessories, perhaps already mention shaving to prepare this Watson mentally,...
“I didn’t do it, you know,” she hears herself admit. Or deny. Depending on your point of view.
Wiggins takes a seat on a wonky chair. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Now Jinkx, as the winner of the mini challenge, you get to pair each queen with their army man.”
“That was a… beautiful speech you gave,” he adds.
Mycroft grabs Sherlock by the arm again and pushes him to the obscured part beneath Jesus, as Eric Clapton wails once more in the background.
“Sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just find me an easy case. A two at most. We’ll make it more elaborate than it has to be. A real puzzle for him, an action-adventure. Make him think he’s tackling a case for MI6. You know you owe me after Irene Adler, Mycroft. You and the Queen.”
He shouldn’t take ‘first times’ away from Sherlock like that.
When they finally reach the penguins’ compound, Karamo nudges John a little further along, until they’re not in Molly’s hearing distance anymore. They both watch as she lovingly points out the penguins’ peculiar behavior to Rosie.
John thinks about the jacuzzi.
John pulls back. “Right. The neck. Very important.”
The golden gun is completely bent now, courtesy of the man’s claw hand.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock pulls back a little, panting. John can’t help it - he raises his bum, like a right slut. Chasing that hot sensation.
But Sherlock leaves him standing there, holding his glass like a boyfriend carrying shopping bags at the mall, and hops over to where Jonathan and Magnussen are talking. Then, Sherlock grabs Jonathan and pulls him to the dance floor.
There’s a limit to how many times you can hear
“Short version: not dead.”
John blinks against the cruel hallway light.
“Dégage, crétin,” Sherlock hisses.
“Jesus Sherlock,” John pants. “You’re like an octopus.”
compared to dancing in heels.
. This is RuPaul’s Drag Race, after all. She-lock tries her hardest not to roll her eyes. Perhaps she should even feign excitement. There is 100,000 dollars on the line.
He laughs. No. That is definitely ridiculous.
“You could have hurt yourself,” he says softly.
So when John isn’t looking, Sherlock is smiling.
But what if something happens?
Janine claps her hands.
Sherlock Holmes, blushing?
Mycroft sighs and turns to the crowd. “Well, you’ve already talked to the press, so the damage is done. Now make the most of it. Or I’ll
“You seem a bit… out of character,” Lestrade continues.
Next chapter: Monday. Stay tuned ;)
He could leave now. Easily. And if he doesn’t, couldn’t that be easily attributed to the two(-ish) beers he had? He supposes it could. He is a little buzzed, after all.
“They’re blanks.”
Suddenly, the exit door flies open.
Sherlock frowns. His eyes are shifting - he’s deducing. “You knew.”
Sherlock dips his head. A muscle twitches in his neck, but not because he’s going to speak.
And this is not
John inhales sharply. “Yes.”
-Thorgy: a queen known for sometimes being a little paranoid (thinking everyone was against her)
A silence falls between them. “Also, Lestrade called,” John says. “Sharon’s still handcuffed in the station, he needs the keys from your bra.”
She ignores him, and puts her hand on John’s knee. “I love your knowledge of the animal world.”
Sherlock feels heat rising to John’s cheeks.
Next to them, a scientist pours water on an umbrella, which immediately closes quite violently. The ends have sharp pins on them, entrapping whoever would be underneath it. They all stare at it.
“I’m told you’re refusing a massage by doctor Wilson”, John says. “You’re not afraid he’s going to rub you the wrong way, are you?”
“John is just my friend,” John says.
“What’s all this about, Mycroft?”
He sounds frustrated. Candlelight throws dancing shadows across his face. Sherlock is lost in the movement of it. He wishes to tell him so much, to comfort him. Then he feels John’s hands tightening around his, as if they’d rather be fists.
-Flazéda: when drag queen Pearl tries to come up with a word for 'laid-back, laissez-faire'
John.
It’s well into the next morning when John wakes up. He grunts, and rolls over to find Jonathan Wilson sitting up next to him, looking just as confused. Sherlock wheels a breakfast cart over to the side of the huge luxurious bed.
The man, a balding gentleman, is so professional not to react and refills the glasses of Sherlock's former uni friends. They were already empty, even though they can't have been here long, because one of them put a wet umbrella near the door and it has only just started raining. John smiles. He has only lived with Sherlock shortly and he's already picking up some deduction skills himself.
“No, please,” Q quickly says. “I’m starting my laptop. This should be fairly easy. Just hang on a minute.”
“Oh. We’re going by plane?”
Sherlock freezes. His heart lies dead in his chest.
She-lock feels like an arrow being pulled back on a bow.
“A cotton ball.”
“Sherlock,” John says, fuming. “You will apologise to this lady immediately.”
“Sherlock. He’s still breathing.” John looks up sharply.
On the screen, Jonathan and Sherlock board a rollercoaster.
The Bible is surprisingly light. He decides to leave it in the bathroom, under a bunch of towels.
John hesitates on the sidewalk before entering the store fashion expert Tan has invited him to. It looks a bit too posh for his taste. Too… well. Well-dressed, he supposes. And way above his pay grade.
Suddenly, the screen turns black. Everyone turns around. Near the power socket, John straightens and wipes his hands on his skirt.
Yet, not enough to quit. Oh. Not nearly.
“Just tell me one thing, Mycroft. Do I have a real gun?” John asks.
“Welcome to Mark Powell bespoke suits,” Tan greets him inside. “Oh, don’t look so scared, love.”
Sherlock waves a hand dismissively. “It'll only upset him.”
“Nights and nights of research, it seems?” John asks, but he gets shushed by Lestrade again as She-lock continues.
John tries to grip the side of the table less intensely.
“But that’s the point! To think of stuff that will turn you off!” John sighs. “How about corpses? Oh no, that will only turn you on more.”
“What you said… I … I’m certain Sherlock felt…”
He opens his eyes immediately, and focuses on Wiggins’ careful working. The beard is glued on meticulously. His hair gets slicked back mercilessly. A pair of glasses finishes off the look.
“Stationery? Nice deduction, John,” Sherlock says.
John lets him. But he can’t cry. He’s holding his long lost dead friend and it’s the best day, and it’s the worst day. He can comfort. He cannot forgive.
And is immediately caught in the protective harness Sherlock was wearing up there.
“Pride and Prejudice?” John says, turning around. “Like old costumey ball dancing?”
Sherlock, of course, gets the third rose. John smiles at Jonathan knowingly. He might be playing it cool, by only giving the third rose, but that’s a classic move. Jonathan is hiding how much he’s really into Sherlock.
“It’s your party trick!”
“No. You can’t,” John says, trying to move Sherlock out of the way. “Excuse me.”
In the bedroom, John finds a storage box shaped like a stack of books. The top one reads ‘The Divine Comedy’. He tries to open it, but it won’t budge.
Ru laughs. “Yes, I love how you turned Mr Watson into a lesbian butch queen. Very interesting. Great job.”
As Sherlock startles awake, John jumps up to see where it came from. In that moment, he’s tackled from the back, and smacks hard against the small table.
They’re cramped, the three of them, inside the tiny helicopter space. Sherlock opposite John, and next to John, the woman sits. She looks a bit like Léa Seydoux. On her exposed shoulder, there’s a giant octopus tattoo.
Sherlock takes the opportunity to put his plump lips around the banana again.
“Try not to solve tonight's case before the first course is served, Shirly”, Sarah jokes, but sees the look in his eyes and immediately corrects herself. “Sherlock”, she says quickly. John puts his hand on her lower back.
Sherlock removes some folded papers and hands them to John.
Sherlock frowns. “John, has it occurred to you that this is reality television?”
. How it speaks, how it leaves words in her mouth.
Mycroft is seated in his large leather chair with his back to them, and slowly whirls it around, hands folded. Sherlock tries not to roll his eyes. Mycroft needs to stop channeling Bond villains, and perhaps focus on Judi Dench. Much more up his street.
He’ll see them later.
There’s an edge to his voice. She-lock looks up from sorting through her sequins.
Then, in a swift and natural movement, Jonathan leans forward and presses his lips softly against Sherlock’s. Their arms are stuck by their sides because of the cramped space, but Jonathan manages to pull one hand free and softly strokes Sherlock’s neck as he deepens the kiss. His fingers wrap around his curls as he opens his mouth over Sherlock’s. A tiny whimper escapes Sherlock’s throat. It is a dance. A stock still dance with careful steps and breathtaking turns.
Deducing living people’s possible causes of death turns out predictably dull and tedious. They tend to struggle and object to everything. Sherlock prefers dead bodies.
He examines the papers more closely. “They seem to be.... Numbers.”
“I’m Mary,” she says.
“I’m not giving myself a rectal exam, John.”
John positions himself behind Sherlock. This close, their height difference is oddly emphasised. John’s nose almost reaches Sherlock’s neck, which is lean and smells faintly of roses. Why did he just notice that? Is this how Sherlock feels when he’s involuntarily deducing everyone?
John paces back and forth, eyeing tourists, checking that there aren’t any Alices nearby. Or maybe that extra back-up Mycroft promised.
John crosses the small space to sit next to Sherlock, and turns his friend’s face towards him.
This seems to wake John up from his stunned state, because he pushes Sherlock back hard against the wall, effectively immobilising him.
“And that’s what it was about, right?” She-lock says. “Sharon, you couldn’t stand the fact that Jinkx was always winning just for being BenDeLa’s best Judy. The rubber duckie blood bath was a sneer at Jinkx -
“No you don’t,” Sherlock says. “There’s a pawn in the rook’s way.”
She-lock frowns. “Only from one judge. And who is she to judge?”
“What do you mean, you’ve lost him?” he hisses.
“You must be Doctor Watson,” she beams.
John had gone home that day, feeling so many emotions. Betrayal. Happiness. Hope. Sadness. Anger.
A mischievous smile crosses Sherlock's face, but only briefly, blink and you'd miss it. He leans a little further, almost touching John's lips.
It’s where he needs to be, he knows. He claws at the tub, pushes himself up, fights the fog. Stumbles forward, into the bathroom door, and falls out. Onto the floor.
Sherlock blinks, panicked. Turns out he’s the hare, not the hunter. “I mean… Eh. It’s good to… have passions…”
“No, a lot harder”, Sherlock says, his soft rumbling voice sending a shiver through John's groin. God, he's about to be ready for action again. He wants. Oh, he wants.
“Well, errrr,” She-lock says. “I forgot to say. There’s a second bedroom upstairs… for your balls.”
The question takes John by surprise.
“I wasn’t.”
“Thank you for yesterday,” Sherlock says.
“A pansy”, Sebastian adds. “A poofter.”
“No visible side effects, it seems,” Sherlock says. “And the mice seem fine as well.”
Sherlock sips his tea and stares at the chess board in front of him.
“I’m… Sssssherlock. I’ll be assisting Doctor Watson today,” John says.
John leans away a bit, and looks down, smirking.
Before the rose ceremony, John quickly hops in the shower. It was a long, rather sticky cab ride from the Hyde Park Stables to the hotel, after all. He had wiped Sherlock’s come off his back as well as he could, but still. If he could smell it, couldn’t everyone in that bloody cab? Luckily, Jonathan had taken a ride with production. Still, with Magnussen’s sweaty hands and the unsavory remainders of the back sperm, he wouldn’t have blamed the cabbie if he tried to offer ‘em all some poison pills.
“Yes, obviously.”
RuPaul crosses her arms. There are quiet sounds coming from behind Michelle’s door.
Mycroft nods curtly and walks up to the front row, where more family members have started to gather. Sherlock watches him shaking hands and accepting condolences, stiffly and politely. Right. How does one perform a funeral again? Where are the altar boys? Or was that only in Catholic churches? Sherlock looks around rather lost, walks up to the altar, fiddles with some paper - and then freezes.
“John.”
“They call this ‘reading’, hence the glasses,” DI Dimmock informs them while chewing gum near John’s ear. “It’s basically insulting other drag queens, but with jokes, so you have to forgive them.”
They’re standing on the threshold of the bathroom - Sherlock on the threshold of sanity. John releases, well, his former cock, to pull down his own zipper. Sherlock stands stock still, though one part of himself is trembling particularly hard.
And in the midst of it all, one man is speaking into the cameras.
As he walks away, Sherlock follows in his steps.
Might as well go with it now.
-Rigga morris: that's how queen Alyssa Edwards says ‘rigor mortis’
John rubs his eyes. Damn those eyes. They are still crying.
“I need a fag,” Alaska says, in that characteristically whiny, drawn-out voice of hers. “And by that, I mean a cigarette.”
Quickly Sherlock puts his hand on John's fingers. “Please, John. Don't go.” He averts his eyes and sits down. Almost carelessly his dressing gown falls open a little. He looks miserable. John hasn't even heard him say 'please' before. It doesn't sound as good as he'd imagined.
“Molly knew?”
“Baloney!” - Miss Vanjie’s voice.
Also, the amazing human being loveismyrevolution made a modeboard for this fic, you can see it
“Drag and lip synching. Is RuPaul’s body hidden in the airing cupboard?”, Sherlock says, adjusting his skirt.
He puts on his old army uniform and dutifully heads home.
“No need to employ your, eh, deadliest weapon,” one of the Dwarves says, taking off the fake beard. “We’re MI6. We already neutralised the Alices and decided to come here in disguise. However, it seems you have it under control.”
“She’s not like that,” John says, in a dangerously calm voice.
“Oh, I didn't know I could be the murderer”, she says, all too pleasantly surprised.
. Although the line “I don’t know I have been changed for the better, but because I knew you, I have been changed for good” would probably have been a bit more heart wrenching if it hadn’t been for a crazed flying monkey in the background trying to steal the spotlight.
-Sissy that walk: to walk with lots of sass / also a RuPaul song
“Right,” John nods, temporarily distracted by the tightness of Karamo’s shirt. “Wait… What?”
Mycroft tries to put his hand on Sherlock, but Sherlock yanks his arm away.
“Did she make you eat it?” Alaska asks.
“No,” John says. Sherlock can hear a smile in his voice, and he opens one eye so it’ll be the first thing he sees this morning.
Straight. Useless.
“God, yes,” John mumbles, sounding far away.
John gestures at Sherlock. They need to have a thorough talk about this. They walk into the main building of the Hyde Park Stables, and look for a private spot. They stumble inside an office, all wood and very much horse-themed, with saddles hanging from the walls, and an insane amount of decorative riding crops.
Jonathan Wilson walks past, disappears behind a side door.
“Have a seat. I’ll make… fresh tea,” Sherlock gestures toward the small wooden table where the tea leaves are still resting at the bottom of a cup. John looks at them, brows drawn.
“Bitch, I’m gagging,” Latrice says, walking with her shoes in one hand and sipping a cocktail in the other. “Jesus. I need a biscuit.”
“You’re taking an awful long time,” the voice says. “While I have a
“... Moriarty,” Sherlock says disbelieving, locking eyes with his displaced blogger. Then, he turns to Moriarty. “You’re Mary?”
He takes a few brave steps toward Sherlock, who's still sitting crossed-leggedly on the toilet – unable to move, perhaps.
John bites his lip. “What do you mean?”
She-lock has no choice but to turn away, and she starts glueing sparkly beads on a pair of heels.
“As your doctor, I am ordering you to let me look at your scars.”
“I’m afraid we’ll have to arrest you. But first, you have the right to drink an Absolut vodka in the Untucked room backstage.”
“Oh, and John?”
“I’m already dead.”
John leans forward. “Are you...
“Just keep it simple and even, use long strokes like this, and Wilson will love it,” John says, feeling a little weirded out. He has massaged girlfriends before, but never a man. Never… Sherlock.
“Genus Hapalochlaena,” John says. She turns to him.
“And he’s
After all, She-lock is the main suspect in their investigation, and potential murderers are decidedly not hot.
The queens cheer.
John points to her iPod earbud, still stuck in one ear, the other half loosely on the bed.
Sherlock blinks against the intruding light. John… found him? After all this time? John knows he’s not dead? Sherlock sucks in his cheeks. Braces himself. Must he expect a handshake, a greeting, a beating?
Without even awaiting his reply, she walks away, high heels barely gripping the sandy soil.
John tries to kick the attacker, but he takes John’s leg and twists it, forcing him to the ground. John looks up, and the man grins. It’s hideous. His teeth are metal, sharp like a shark’s.
“Stop trying to deduce me as if I were a case.”
Jonathan holds out the single flower.
He’s off the hook, he’s off the hook!
“Thank you,” Jonathan says, accepting the basket.
“I’m going up to the penthouse, and you’re not riding the elevator,” John retorts, slightly agitated.
Sherlock puts his cards on the table. Four of a Kind. Quite high up. Sherlock grins. “Time to show me the gold.”
John coughs. Something is stuck in his throat.
A young man, seemingly a bit flustered, enters the room.
“Don’t! You’ll contaminate the evidence!” John blurts. He can’t help himself: he’s been working for the Yard too long now, examining bodies in the morgue. He knows the procedure, they should lock this place down, look for fingerprints, take samples…
“What?” Jonathan asks, slightly stunned.
“Thank god it’s so quiet up here,” John says as they’re walking through the dim-lit hallway.
Should he leave the competition, though? He really needs to think about it. That blowjob lesson - his cock tries to think along - felt different than the other... erotic acts they’ve done so far.
“You’re right, it should’ve been called Medium Stars,” Katya says. “By the way, how did it feel to be beat by a queen named Airline?”
The woman looks a bit startled and out of breath. “Sherlock Holmes, isn’t that a famous detective?”
rather late. And John
By the end, John is beaming. He’s not even thinking about the untucking part of all this anymore. It’s an amazing rush, to stand here, in heels, feeling… well. He hasn’t felt like this in a long time. Feeling... Beautiful?
Then, cruelly, Sherlock pulls back.
No fly opening in the underwear?
“Obviously, I’m going to throw you out,” he says.
Of course. Of course it’s a casino. John shakes his head in disbelief. The first place where they’re supposed to extract information on the target, is the Les Ambassadeurs Casino near Hyde Park: one of London’s fanciest gambling halls.
John hangs his head. Of course. Of course that’s what Sherlock would think - that this was John’s not so subtle way of telling him to find a new apartment. Not a love declaration. Why would he expect one? He’s been screaming at him that he’s not gay, for years.
From the sidelines, Magnussen stares intently at John. This is the moment he’s supposed to step forward and declare he’s quitting the show.
Sherlock shifts the iPhone to his other ear.
“Sherlock? Are you alright?” John asks. “Look, I'm...”
Sherlock touches the lock of hair. Still soft.
“Because,” Sherlock says. “Only I know the cure.”
Suddenly, the television switches on.
“Each suitor will explore a different area of the park with Doctor Wilson. You each get thirty minutes to convince him you’re the one,” Mary says. “Make it count, because afterwards we will have an immediate rose ceremony.”
“You’ve… shaved,” Sherlock says.
“How are you today, diva?” She asks, tying the tie like a pro. “I’ve found all the flowers you requested. And all the other crap you insisted on decorating this whole wedding with. So you better smile as if there’s a nice, mutilated corpse in there, Mister Holmes-Wilson.”
“Right, Professor Watson. Do you mind if I take this one?” John asks.
John is still dazed from the very little sleep he had. He’s only wearing his underwear and smells faintly of sex; a sharp contrast with the sight before him: Sherlock Holmes, fully dressed, standing tense beside a cart loaded with breakfast items.
But it’s his own personal tragedy, about to be broadcast to millions. Not anybody’s business.
He releases Sherlock’s nipple with his mouth and takes it between his thumb and index finger.
Holy shit. John eyes the classic, shiny grey, two-door Bond car. He walks around it, eyes wide.
. It’s
But before John can finish his sentence, Sherlock turns around and dashes down the stairs, past the Netflix camera team, who chase him immediately. John takes two steps at once, panicking.
“Y- yes.”
“What do you normally do!”
“Sherlock, it feels amazing, you feel amazing”, John says. The man merely whimpers.
“When did you first discover you were gay?” Jonathan asks, all of a sudden. There’s a strange pitch to his voice. Like a dare.
“John, you are 009. Sherlock, you’re 0028. Sorry, it was the next available one.”
John shakes his head. It sounds just like him. The voice. The voice is better than any ghost’s ever was.
On screen, Jonathan’s face is dangerously close to Sherlock’s.
A light dims in Sherlock’s eyes. “Right. No.”
John breathes hard through his nose and looks away. “Don’t turn it around.”
John starts to frantically tug at the ropes holding back his feet.
John needs to think. He can’t afford to get thrown out of the television show, now. It’s not too late. He hasn’t gone too far yet.
Next to her, She-lock can see John flexing his fingers.
“Girl…” Dimmock says. “Don’t even ask.”
As a staff member guides them to their room, a man dressed as Goofy waves at them. Sherlock grinds his teeth. Utterly. Humiliating.
John swallows heavily.
Sherlock looks at him, and pulls his cigarette hard, as if he’s suddenly desperate for nicotine.
“Now,” Mary turns to Jonathan, “you get first pick, of course. Who would you like to get back on your horse with? Who might be your prince on a white horse? Who whips up your enthusiasm?”
Sherlock pours some lube into his hand.
“- in front of me.”
“I simply don’t meet the standard qualifications for what people would call
John falls quiet at once. His jaw still open, his eyes travel down his own body, in which Sherlock’s brain is in alarm phase three.
Meanwhile, Magnussen lowers himself in the saddle too, behind John. He takes the reins, and rests his chin on John’s shoulder.
No. This cannot be.
John takes a few steps in his direction. Reconsiders his tactics. “Look… It’s just a massage. It’ll be fine.”
The beard - gone.
“That was close,” Sherlock says. He looks down at John’s hands, letting them hold each other. He loves the feeling, really. Holding John’s hands. In John’s hands. “And, by the way, John… You did… You were really n…”
She’s also holding a memory key.
“Or season seven,” Trixie adds. “Or season ten.”
“Well, red-colored water. And, more disturbing: an insane amount of rubber duckies were floating on the water.”
“- who always saw the best in him.”
The final episode will be shot on location. Jonathan, Sherlock and John are pressed together in the back of a car for almost three hours, with Sherlock in the middle, as if he’s the bloody bachelor now. John is annoyed. But then, from the corner of his eye, he sees Jonathan secretly take Sherlock’s hand, and he knows it’s the truth. They’ve been playing the game for Sherlock’s heart, and this is just losing.
-Untucking: undoing a ‘tuck’
“Is it a bottle opener too?” Sherlock pants. “We’d like to hire you for parties.”
-‘Meh’: Ru’s famous words as she eliminated one of the most popular queens of s11
It seems sheer madness, now.
“Why you gagging?” - John recognises Brooke Lynn Hytes’ voice.
They watch as She-lock’s microphone gets adjusted by an assistant. Then, the drag-queen-out-of-drag dramatically puts on the glasses.
“The stage hasn’t been this wet since Kennedy Davenport’s exploded penis look,” Brooke compliments them. “You’re serving some serious fish.”
“Sherlock… Down boy,” John whispers into his microphone. “I can practically
Molly pushes Rosie’s pram toward them.
He’d just been working himself up so much about Sherlock kissing someone on national television, that it hadn’t occurred to him that maybe this was a big deal for Sherlock. This was only his second kiss, after all. Not counting the one with Jonathan in the massage room. Definitely not counting that.
“Good.”
Sherlock whacks him over the head with the gadget suitcase, and the man falls to the floor.
He ends the call immediately. He should have learned never to pick up the phone for unknown numbers a long time ago.
The Sherlock he saw bleeding, the one he felt dying.
“Bitch. My cyst is currently oozing.”
“It isn’t. Ru has eliminated the impossible. To be fair, he always has. Nina West. BenDeLa, the first time around. Trixie. Vanjie. Katya. Valentina. Vivacious. Scarlet Envy. Shangela. Ivyyyyyy Winters. Latrice. Latrila. The shade of it all, you cannot even imagine, John. But this season...  Let me explain. This is Absolut All Stars, the re-invention of All Stars. The top two queens get to lip-sync for their legacy. Whoever wins, gets to eliminate someone from the bottom two. But so far, it’s been the strongest queens that have landed in the bottom. Every single time. It’s been… odd.”
She-lock has a surprisingly low voice, John notes. Like how golden syrup would sound, probably.
“Please”, he begs.
“Latrice, girl, you’ve been brought back more times than me and Jesus together!” Shangela replies. She’s remarkably energetic for a clearly weakened queen.
“Done,” John says. “Now what?”
“You always did,” he breathes.
Brooke Lynn has apparently worked out ballet-inspired pieces for each duo.
“Rook to D5. I slay your queen, Sherlock.”
“What?”
Next update: Monday.
He mustn’t let on.
John looks down. The aquarium is not well lit, and on the ground, his own, dark shadow lays. The sight strikes him. His shadow is like an unshakeable different side for everyone to see. Following him around, seeking out the shape of him. After his childhood, he never paid much attention to his own shadow. Yet it lay there, all the time, waiting. Unnoticed, yet in plain sight. Just like his love for Sherlock was there all along, it just needed a spotlight.
“Oh, you had a dog?”, Sarah unhelpfully asks. John remembers to smile kindly at the woman. He hopes she doesn’t notice what's exactly going on beneath the table cloth. Not that there's anything bad going on or something. Just regular old hetero bro soothing.
To John, it feels forever for the show’s production team to recover. But really, it happens impressively quickly. Since the police arrested part of the team, Janine appoints the hipster with the beanie as her new right hand man. He quickly steps up and calls his hipster friends from film school to come help. They reschedule shootings, talk to the press, rebook dates, smooth over Jonathan. Everything is ready by day 6.
“She’s Mycroft’s gift for you, John.”
would possibly cause a brain hemorrhage.
“Narnia,” Sherlock mouths.
“Scheiße,” a German tourist mumbles.
“Production keeps calling him a sociopath,” Jonathan explains. “And after he drugged me… Well.”
That cheers him up a bit.
“What if you left with me and something terrible would have happened to Mrs Hudson? Would you have risked it?”
“Under the table. With your…” Sherlock swallows and stares at his hands. “Fingers.”
John.
“Never mind.”
“Doctor Watson…” she starts.
“You get to eat after this date. The better you behave, the sooner we wrap this up and you get your fill,” Janine says. “Just move around the food on your plate a little, to suggest you’re actually eating. And don’t you worry. You
Sherlock watches John quietly but with panic welling in his eyes as John starts tugging on the ropes. Fuck, they’re tight. All those expensive gadgets but Q didn’t think to include a bloody Swiss army knife. The knots barely budge, and John is only halfway untying one when suddenly -
And he holds the paper in front of John. He can't look away. Just when his key slides into the right hole, finally, something clicks. He stills.
“Right,” Sherlock says, turning to the fridge, and surprising John to his core. “The milk is over here.”
All the queens scatter around the room. The dragged-up policemen are huddled near the entrance. She-lock refuses to answer John’s gaze, and pounds her fist angrily on the table she’s leaning on.
Thank you so much for reading! Updates will be Mondays and Thursdays. 8 chapters, so this will take about four weeks. The whole thing is written but it does need lots of editing still.
“What do you mean,
He hangs his trousers on the chair opposite Sherlock. Then, he sits on the bed and starts removing his socks.
Katya offers her a cigarette.
“You’ve always been the slow one,” she says.
“She done already done had herses!” the sound says.
He’ll
Why does Sherlock seem to think breakfast in bed always makes everything better?
“John, I’m-”
Thanks for reading! Find me on
Sherlock straightens John’s shoulders and gets to work. He tests and mixes and tastes and peers into the microscope while Moriarty, Mary and John make a strange, mostly quiet company. John stares at him intently. Probably an odd experience to see
One finger lightly breaches his lips, and John can’t help himself - he gently sucks the tip of it. It’s all Sherlock needs, apparently, because he throws him onto the bed in seconds. Aren’t drunk people supposed to be sluggish? Where does Sherlock get this kind of energy, or strength?
, all those confusing pronouns. You never know who each ‘he’ is really supposed to be.”
John quickly moves to lie on his back, while pulling off his jacket and his sweater. He’s completely naked now, while Sherlock is still fully dressed. John spreads his legs as wide as he can. It’s almost vulgar. His thick cock twitches on his stomach.
“Right,” John says.
John slowly approaches her, and hesitantly takes a seat beside her. He tries to make eye contact in the mirror. She-lock wipes the last trace of powder off, and turns to John, face intimately nude. This is her.
gotten a chance to get to know me, but you barely talk to me. I wish you all the best though”). John and Sherlock take their respective roses, and retreat to their rooms.
She starts to slowly unbutton his shirtsleeve.
“So you’re really… bi?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Unknown number.
He looks up. She-lock is smirking, hands resting on her small waist.
Oh, John thinks. This is rich. Coming from someone who will have sex with him, yet will not even consider a relationship.
“You’re bonkers. But very well then. Just one last touch to make you unrecognisable,” Wiggins says, and he stuffs two cotton balls in Sherlock’s mouth.
“Next time with lip-syncing, ladies,” Brooke says. “But the dancing was… Close to dancing. You may go back to your seats.”
Sherlock turns around, pale. John is not entirely sure Sherlock’s breathing on his own, now.
While the water splits on John’s shoulders, he’s glad to have the quiet time to himself. He needs to think.
“Sharon Needles. The junkie who only got on Drag Race because his boyfriend couldn’t...”
Before they leave, John makes a point of chatting with Mary again. Though she seems eager to involve Sherlock in the conversation.
John studies the images carefully. She-lock definitely seems to be Ru’s favourite. The presenter is watching him with especially hungry eyes.
“What?”
He reflects back on the moment he was lying on that pavement, only three days ago - keeping still, keeping his eyes open and unmoving as a dead body would. “Let me through,” he heard John say in desperation. “He’s my friend.”
“Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock interrupts. “We really need to get going. Duty calls, John… I mean
Dimmock pushes the mute button. He’s giggling. “Oh, don’t look so shocked, John. They’re just quoting famous Drag Race moments.”
His heart stops.
“What, in Mary’s room?” John says, realising where Sherlock is heading.
“Well, this is a dating show and you’re the bachelor,” John counters.
While moving up and down, Sherlock changes the position of his tongue, as if he’s trying to mentally map each inch of John’s cock. The tiny slurping sounds drive John nearly over the edge.
“That’s absurd. Why would he choke? Sometimes these dates are just about having fun. Not everything is for a case, you know.”
The thing is: he doubted for ages before coming here. Even before walking in, he lingered by the door, still not sure if he wanted to do this.
noticed that. But that's hardly the point, is it?
John should protest. He hasn’t experimented in the army. He really shouldn’t, here, either. It’s on the tip of his tongue. But Sherlock’s fingers are now tracing John’s lips, effectively making protest impossible.
“Oh.”
Finally, it dawns on him. This is straight out of Bond films, all of it. The claw hand -
Lestrade fishes a police badge out of his bin bag undies.
It’s suddenly so clear to John. Sherlock wants to stay in the competition. He needs more time with Jonathan.
John abruptly lowers the handcuffs.
Sherlock drops his suitcase, expression completely puzzled. “You don’t want me to move out?”
It all happens very fast, then. Something crashes from the ceiling, right above where Jonathan Wilson is standing in the wings. Though before it can hit him, something else has knocked him over.
“I… miscalculated,” he mumbles to himself, losing his composure.
“If only it was a crossword puzzle on that door…”
, is John’s first thought. Then:
“You didn’t leak them. You’re a victim here, too,” John interrupts.
“I see you keep looking at him,” Magnussen suddenly says uncomfortably close to John’s ear, careful to keep his voice low so the microphones won’t pick up what he’s saying.
Meanwhile, Jonathan opens John’s closet. “It’s full of sweaters!"
Sherlock catches John staring at it.
“Are those… vacuum sealed suits?”
She starts sketching the necklace she wants to make.
She-lock swallows. She glances at John next to her, who’s staring at his feet. Has this all been… a ruse, to gain her trust?
Of course Sherlock would know how to ride, his family probably owned horses. He looks, for the lack of a better word, knightly.
“Latrice…. Royale.”
All the alcohol’s heat rushes to Sherlock’s cheeks at once, as John starts unbuttoning his shirt. He stands tense, army-like.
“I am?” Sherlock says.
“First, he'd grab me by the hair and drag me to bed”, he breathes against John's lips, and almost touches his tongue to it, yet seems to change his mind.
Sherlock looks up. Something feral lurks behind Sherlock’s eyes. Without breaking eye contact, he licks the head of John’s cock through the cotton of his pants.
“John.” She-lock says, looking him straight into the eyes. “John.”
If Magnussen prints articles about what’s been going on between John and Sherlock on set, it will ruin every chance Sherlock has with Jonathan. John can’t let that happen.
As Sherlock steps nearer, he realises to his horror that most of these people are journalists and cameramen. Right. His reputation is still on the pavement of St Bart’s -
“I can… if you want,” Sherlock says.
Mycroft stands up, grabs a file from his desk and moves to the left wall. There, he opens the large cupboard and pushes a hidden button. The back of it starts shifting, revealing a hidden doorway.
“You must be Iron Man,” Sherlock says. “Heard a lot about you.”
But - does Sherlock know any more? No. He can give the poor man some basic directions, he supposes.
There really should have been rose petals.
“He was a gifted violinist and a graduate chemist.”
John freezes. His fingertips burn on the inside of Sherlock’s legs. But he can’t will them to move. Is Sherlock asking this from a scientific point of view? Just a purely theoretical question? Sherlock has stopped breathing, it seems. Are John’s hands trembling, or are Sherlock’s legs?
. To his amazement, John sees that it’s really a metal claw, which he uses to twist Sherlock’s gun.
“Victor Trevor”, Sherlock says in a tone of voice that's new to John. It's got a sharp edge. “I didn't know you were going to be here.”
John swallows. Still a tad shell-shocked, he starts walking to the door.
John cups Sherlock's jaw, and rubs his thumb across his cheekbone. As if automatically, Sherlock rests his hand on John's forearm, looking so unsure.
“Hey John,” Tan says, beaming. “Have you ever heard about… the French tuck?”
But She-lock’s drag is impeccable. It’s the best of the best. It is unique. She’s the only detective drag queen in the world, she invented the style. So she’ll stick it to them all, by winning. Again.
It’s Janine. She puts down her cellphone and sighs deeply.
Sherlock lifts his eyebrows in surprise, and looks from John's hand – touching him – to his face, to the small towel wrapped around his waist, back to his face.
It is a slow dance.
The title is from the incredible Camp Rock song 'Introducing Me'. Don't judge me. (I thought it would be funny since John grew a mustache in The Empty Hearse, from which I borrow some elements)
John seems genuinely interested in her, She-lock realises with a start, as she turns around and
“Were
“A hundred pounds.”
“Sorry, boys,” she says, “since our production schedule was moved due to the police investigation, the hotel couldn’t hold our rooms anymore. They’ve only got two left. One is for Jonathan, obviously, and since it would be unfair to stack either of you with him, you will have to share a room. Will that be a problem?”
childish.
“Who’s Miley Cyrus?” She-lock asks, but soon all their attention is drawn back to the front of the stage, where Alyssa appears to have pushed Todrick.
“May you rest in peace. Amen.”
John stills, for a moment, shocked. Then, he smiles. “Yes you are,” he says. “Tell me how badly you want me to fuck you.”
“Put on a pair of heels as well?”
“My…”
“That’s a level 6 secret, Sherlock,” Mycroft says.
John swallows. That’s also part of the deal? Surely She-lock won’t make
“It’s for the people who mourn you,” Mycroft says, suddenly softer now. “Can’t you see that this is torture… for John?”
“I thought your people had your eye on him, only yesterday,” Sherlock says. “He was sitting at his window.”
“Like a puppy, isn’t he?” Irene smiles. Then her smile drops. “You’re wrong. I did care about Moriarty. Before he died we… grew closer. A lot closer.”
“You’ve got a slight callus on your neck that you only see in doctors, who have to wear stethoscopes often. Quite faded though, so you’ve been out of rotation. You were introduced as an army veteran, and you’ve got a limp, which means your discharge was slightly traumatic. Possibly you’ve turned your back on healing people for a while, possibly you’ve given up on yourself - that
She says it almost sadly.
“I figured you’d probably… Try to kiss me at some point,” Sherlock says.
? Not too emotional, Mycroft, please.
“He’s 41 and living with a male roommate?” Tan asks, incredulous. “I’m getting some serious
“I need you to listen because apparently you didn’t hear it the first time. Nothing means more to me than keeping you safe, John. Nothing. I don’t care what happens to me, she could’ve shot me, she could have killed me. But if she had hurt you, she would not have gotten out of that room alive.”
He disappears to the kitchen. Sebastian taps his girlfriend's arm twice, and Penelope opens her fancy pink purse and takes out a stack of envelopes. Sebastian grabs them and inspects them one by one before he hands them out. On John's envelope, in gold-colored ink is written in curly letters: James Weston.
“How about we test your toy on your cock, mmh?” John asks. “Or does the laser not do precision work?”
They stare at it.
Before he realises what he’s doing, he carries the monitor across the balcony, sits on Sherlock’s bed and turns it on.
“Moriarty is… more than a person. It’s a job. It’s a network. There will always be a Moriarty.”
They stand staring at each other, both unmoving.
“Out! We’ll not have this drama!” Miley says, smiling into the camera. “Oh no sir, not on RuPaul’s Drag Race!”
With his other hand, John moves his hand from his nipple to his mouth, and Sherlock takes one finger inside, wrapping his tongue around it.
“I’m bisexual, you bloody idiot.” John glances at Harry, who’s smiling annoyingly hard.
Suddenly, a short alarm sounds through the park’s loudspeakers. Then, a female voice booms: “Attention to all visitors. It seems that our park’s gorilla Hamish has escaped his cage and is now wandering around the premises. Please, allow our park officials to escort you to the nearest building to take cover.”
Then, Lestrade steps forward - and John’s chest suddenly feels as if it’s horribly stuck in a corset, as Lestrade opens his mouth and speaks those faithful words -
“Come over here to try on these heels… John.”
“Exactly”, Sherlock says. “Classic Ponzi.”
“Yes, please,” Sherlock says, and they laugh.
John's mouth falls open. But he's distracted, because in the corner of his eyes he sees Victor's hand creep just a little higher.
John smiles. “So this is what? The final proof?”
John nods. He feels like a deflating balloon.
“Also, compliments are important. And light touches, just to test if he's open to that. Try a small touch to his arm while laughing, for example. And eye contact. Also very important. When, you know. You're. Flirting.”
“But do not observe,” John adds.
“Yes... Major Sholto.”
Whoever hung it there is playing a cruel joke on him. Perhaps it’s Mycroft, here to play games. But why would Mycroft change the knocker? He always
Wait.
Sherlock rises slightly, opening his eyes. “So? John. He doesn't take a holiday because he wouldn't let anyone near his books. Because he was busy doing fraud. I learned it on the Freakonomics website. Do keep up.”
She-lock is pale and hairless and agile and slim and tall - courtesy of those smooth and never-ending legs. She is beauty, she is grace. She is… very much
They must be looking for him, John realises.
Jonathan starts massaging Sherlock’s shoulders. “You do have a queen, John,” he winks.
John glances at Sherlock, who nods. Using this flamethrower is their only chance at ever getting out of here. Even if they all burn together - it will be a privilege, to die by Sherlock’s side.
Holy shit.
Maybe John should have warned Sherlock earlier - a few days ago, or perhaps when he first agreed to doing this. But he was afraid Sherlock would leave before they started filming, and the thought of going through this alone was even worse.
In the words of my wonderful beta 88thparallel: "My heart just gave its letter of resignation and is packing up its desk."
“Why would I want you to move out?”
“That’s the trouble with writing about queer men, isn’t it?”, she says. “All those
Someone put a towel underneath his neck.
“John,” Sherlock wails desperately.
What can he say? He thought he would test his sexuality by randomly kissing another man in his proximity? He wanted to feel the lips that kissed Sherlock so tenderly? Feel if there’s still a trace of Sherlock on them?
“What?”
She-lock takes a quick breath. “No time to ponder, though. We’ll need to find you a pair of stockings.”
Irene taps the nipples with a pointy stick, then moves to the inners thighs, the frail neck, the earlobes.
-Sickening: amazing, hot
“How much… worse?” Sherlock’s mouth feels suddenly very dry.
“I’m not qualified,” John tries. “I just work in the forensics department!”
John ignores his pleas, and suddenly, several things happen at once. He bites very softly into Sherlock’s ear lobe. And because John shifts his body, the tip of his own traitorous dick peeks through the fly of his loose pants, and slides against Sherlock’s upper thigh. Its head, glistening with precum, rubs against Sherlock’s hot skin, for just a fraction of a second. That’s all it takes. Sherlock grips John’s arms tighter, and shudders.
“I see,” Sherlock says, looking John up and down. “That suit… suits you.”
The Fab Five have relocated to their loft to watch on a big screen how John fares, showing Sherlock his apartment.
When they dash out of the door, Sherlock momentarily forgets himself and puts on his Belstaff, its
After a horrifyingly long pause, John breaks the silence.
“It’s MY funeral!”
“May the best woman win,” Ru concludes onstage. A few times. Until the camera gets it just right.
Sherlock pales. “John.”
“Right, that’s it, everybody leave, now,” Sherlock says, and starts pushing the cameramen out the door. “Too much guyliner in the room.”
Sherlock rapidly parks the coffin near the altar, does a quick sign of the cross over it, and pretends to be in deep thought while he reaches into his robes for his iPhone. He aims for the speakers.
He can’t help but be a bit disappointed, though. This might be the only time he’ll ever be granted access to John’s body. With a lingering sense of loss, he leans over and slowly inhales. Lavender, mixed with everything
For a second, there’s a dead silence.
Mycroft is glaring at him. John remains unmoving.
John glares. “That was cruel, Sherlock.”
“Get. Out. Of. That. Jumper!” John hears Sherlock yelling downstairs.
-Pit Crew: half naked men who assist some challenges on Drag Race
John squirts some lube into his hand. With the other one, he stimulates Sherlock’s left nipple again, while he starts slowly jerking his cock. His thumb slides up and over the tip perpetually, as his large hand glides in a spiral motion up and down.
“But you’ve helped me realise what I already have, here. And that I do want more. With Sherlock. Thank you, all.”
Karamo lets go of him, and looks him in the eyes.
“Some men have sensitive nipples,” he explains, and puts his mouth over his right nipple.
“Why didn’t you tell me? Are we not… Am I not your best friend?”
“You want me to become a suitor.”
“Thanks,” John smiles. “Look, what I’m trying to say is… I grew to like you.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to finish his sentence. He can feel the tears gathering in his eyes, but he can’t cry. Vicars don’t cry.
“Is that what your mother told you?”
“Trigger warning,” Ru says. ”but... ‘meh’.”
Sherlock says nothing.
Mycroft frowns deeply, and looks back and forth between them. “May I have a word alone with you, Doctor Watson?”
“It's very straightforward, John. A man is being threatened. He's about to be the subject of interest on a televised dating show. The showrunners got a threatening note and they asked me, Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective, to look into it.”
That seems to throw Sherlock. He clears his throat. “I spent the last two years destroying that network from the inside out. It cost time, and money. It cost more than you can imagine, John.”
“Shut up”, John points his finger at the man. “This is no laughing matter.”
“The dance teacher?” John asks.
“You bet your MI6 arse something went wrong,” John says. “He’s currently being abducted by five crossdressing criminals. Please tell me this is part of Sherlock’s big James Bond surprise.”
beers earlier, sure they’re helping him ease into it. Helping him adjust to the awkward feeling, and occasional bit of pain.
She fights like a cat in bathwater.
It’s quite hard to take your boss seriously when he’s wearing a miniskirt made out of bin bags.
The voices are coming from a room nearby.
David, however, takes matters into his own hands.
“Yes,” he blurts, trying to remember the teaching aspect of it all. “Use lots of… saliva…. Like that, yes.”
“I took you to three continents,” a loud voice booms behind him, suddenly.
Woke up early, too, to his best friend being analysed all over Twitter.
John is wiping tears from his eyes by the time they start preparations for Sherlock and David’s performance.
“Is this a joke?”
‘Turned on’, She-lock notes, would be an apt description.
“Have a nice day”, the cashier says. She's actually quite cute, and Sherlock was right, John
They stand up. Oh, perhaps She-lock could take John to that nice Italian place across from the recording studios. She perks up as she thinks about it.
“Yes, please, like that”, Sherlock grunts, and he grabs his cock. He starts masturbating himself underneath John, and the thought alone, of Sherlock pleasuring himself, almost tips him over the edge. But he manages to restrain himself and fucks Sherlock determinedly, thrusting in and out in a steady rhythm, and it's so much, and it's everything and more than he ever imagined. When he feels Sherlock shudder underneath him, coming all over the bed with a muffled cry, he lets himself go. Sherlock has relaxed onto the matress as he lets John pound harder and harder into him, until he spills himself inside him with a cry.
Irene ignores him. She cocks the gun.
Suddenly, the question bursts out like a popping bubble in a champagne glass.
“Queen. D8 to D5.”
“Remember,” RuPaul says. “The goal is to turn them into your fabulous drag queen sisters. Family resemblance is important. Now gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win!”
“Remember what the Dormouse said,” he whispers in Moran’s ear before he goes fully limp.
“We just want to know if she’s okaaaaay,” Alaska says.
John.
“Jesus, Mary and Joseph in a basket,” Vanjie exclaims.
“Ohhh nnnngggg” -
for Natalie. So he practised his kissing skills on Hannah at camp. And then on two other camp girls, too. Just to complete his education.
“In the army, we save each other’s lives afterwards. But don’t think I’ll do the same for you, Pee Pee O’Hara or whatever name you call yourself. I’m afraid I’ll have to kill you. On the runway.”
In the bath, he can see a body lying. It’s Wilson.
John squirts some shampoo in his palm and starts massaging his scalp. The rose ceremony will start soon and he knows Jonathan wants to throw out Bainbridge for stabbing him in the back with Jonathan Smalls.
The hardest words he’s ever had to pronounce.
a clue.
“Why do you care so much?” She-lock asks.
Sherlock looks up sharply.
“Why? Because he deserved to know his life was in danger? That wasn’t a problem when we started!”
When She-lock opens the hotel room door, she is not in her usual, professional attire, that John has heard her call her “Bianca Del Rio”-look. She isn’t in a well fitted bespoke suit by Klein Epstein & Parker - made to measure.
Ru exchanges a glance with John. The presenter is of course aware of the investigation and, John reckons, she considers She-lock the main suspect as well. This, he realises with a jolt, has been an interrogation, for his sake.
Groggily, he rolls his body around on the floor, puts his hands flat next to his head and tries to push himself up. His outstretched arms shake underneath the weight of his torso, and he changes tactics, crawling across the floor like back in his army days.
John nods and turns. Better bite the bullet. Together, they mount the stairs to their apartment, both old and new. As Sherlock enters, he whirls quickly around the place, making deductions rapidly.
The seven men take their places beside RuPaul. The clothes they’re wearing should be made illegal. One of them is in an
John lowers himself against the side of the bath, uses both hands to steady himself. He’s panting. Why is this so exhausting? Why is the room not normal-shaped? He needs to
It’s a betrayal, John knows it. But he needs to know Sherlock is safe.
While Magnussen pushes him up into the pillion saddle, John glances over at Sherlock and Jonathan. They’re busy mounting their horse, a beautiful white animal. They both look straight out of a fairy tale. Jonathan has his hands on Sherlock’s hips, and helps him up. Then, Jonathan positions himself behind Sherlock, resting his hands on his sides, to hold on. Sherlock startles, but then relaxes, allows him the intimacy. Like a wild horse submitting. The cameras lap it up.
“Just to remind everyone,” RuPaul says. “The winner of RuPaul’s Absolut All Stars will receive a
She-lock feels something cold and weirdly hairy slip into her bra.
“How… Who are you?”
Sebastian points to the duo in the middle of the group, two blonde people who look so much alike that they could be brother and sister, if they weren't so intimately intertwined with each other.
“Two non-queens stand before me,” RuPaul says. “The time has come to lip-sync… for someone else’s legacy!”
“That was thirty euros, John.”
“Shut up.”
Sherlock mustn’t think about last night anymore, now. That would be inappropriate. They’re at a crime scene, after all. A woman is lying dead on the floor. Sherlock’s body is bent over it.
“Captain John Watson, at your service,” the man says.
Flabbergasted, John throws his hotel room’s door closed in Sherlock’s face. Not exactly the morning greeting he was expecting. Perhaps some room service would have been a better idea. What
John brings a shaky hand to his head. He’s sweating.
“It’s no use going on now,” She-lock says. “We might as well forfeit.”
“It's a...” John hesitates. Gay show? Is that derogatory or descriptive? “Same-sex dating show?”
And yet, that is the Sherlock John’s hands are gripping.
He keeps his face in check. Though they’re not really here to play, anyway.
“That’s a rash not a herpes sore…”
“I’m sorry about what I said earlier. You can leave if you want. But I just… I trust in your abilities, and you’re going to find whoever wants to kill Wilson. In time.”
Sherlock reaches over to the drawer again, and takes out a condom. He quickly unzips his trousers and pulls them down partly. When his cock springs out, he locks eyes with John. Monitoring his reaction.
John frowns. “Was that a… tongue pop?” he asks.
The machine beeps. John curses softly. Wrong pin number.
John turns to her. “What?”
. He still can’t believe what’s happening. Only a few hours ago he was just reading the newspaper and sipping some milky tea, expecting a rather boring weekend. Sure, it was his birthday tomorrow, and maybe he’d take Sherlock to Angelo’s to celebrate, maybe not. He was sure Sherlock had no idea, anyway, and he didn’t want to make a big deal out of it. But then, this Saturday morning, one of Mycroft’s cars stopped outside 221B. And John never could have anticipated… this. Working as an actual secret agent? Is he dreaming?
(See the end of the chapter for
That’s what John is miserably contemplating as he limps through the hotel corridor, while carrying those damned four inch heels - “easy dancing shoes,” She-lock had said - in his left hand. His toes have been squished in one too many directions. Is this what women…. go through? Every day?
Sharon: “She-lock, oh She-lock. I just want you to win a cruise. Right now. In fact I’ll pay for it myself. Just leave.”
It’s an illusion Sherlock would pay for.
It’s okay, John wants to say. This is normal. God. He should probably stop touching Sherlock’s leg with his dick.
Shots start whizzing past their heads.
“But then Latrice came in, and she got Ben all patched up while you were hiding inside the room still. Latrice found out the truth about ‘Michelle’, and therefore knew for sure she wouldn’t be eliminated tonight.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When John doesn’t react appropriately shocked, Sherlock continues, pacing back and forth.
“We couldn’t endanger our actors’ lives. We were going to switch it with a real gun in Amsterdam.”
“Calm down, John.” Sherlock glances at the door. “You need to leave.”
“In the great tradition of ‘Paris is burning’, bring out your library cards,” RuPaul says.
John puts the tip of one finger inside of Sherlock, who's now entirely still, and focused on only the feeling of his finger, it seems.
Next, he moves on to a bleach-blonde skinny guy with botoxed lips and cheekbones.
Sherlock, it seems, can’t say a word, he can only lower his head onto John’s shoulder, hiding it, where he cries. His head shakes, and he cries and cries.
“Watching that meat-lacking buffoonery turned me into a level five vegan, Ru.”
Keeping himself upright with one arm, he uses the other to feel Wilson’s pulse and check his breathing.
“Shut up, Miley,” Alyssa says. “It’s not personal, it’s drag.”
He steps into the living room and paces to the window, trying to compose himself. But when he turns around, he sees that Sherlock is shedding his disguise.
“It’s upstairs,” John says, and he treads behind Tan, Jonathan and Bobby as they excitedly mount the staircase. Better to rip off the band-aid quickly.
This John Watson. He’ll be, perhaps, not terrible.
John tosses the Goofy away.
He leans forward, and kisses her.
“So?”, John asks.
They step into a taxi that was waiting on the curb - lucky.
After a few heavy seconds, he takes John’s right hand and gently moves it to his mouth. Gingerly, he puts his lips over John’s index finger and sucks it. He slides his tongue around the length of it - sucking the breath right out of John.
“John Watson, right,” she smiles, ignoring Sherlock. “I’ve read your blog.”
call me Jiggly. It was tastefully done! Literally. I was serving up some Hannibal realness.”
“I’m used to it, to be honest.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply. His face is covered in shadows. He covers it, even more, with his hands.
They’re both quiet for a bit.
“That’s not for sleeping in!” John scolds.
“Oh.” What song?
When the taxi stops, Moriarty gets out and opens the door on John’s side, holding out a gun.
“He made a fool out of me and the police force… many times,” Lestrade continues. Sherlock averts his eyes. So Lestrade believes he was a fraud, too, then. Good… That was the… The plan.
“Oh, that’s what anyone who’s ever dated her, calls her,” Sharon yells. “Because of her MASSIVE DICK!”
She whips her hair and rejoins John. Everyone else is dead quiet. Ru looks so shocked it reminds She-lock of the first three seasons, back when Ru had facial expressions.
“I was introduced to him by one of them, Mike Stamford. Then I saw how close he was to his landlady, Mrs Hudson, like a mother almost. You’ve just met detective inspector Lestrade, who called for his help on many occasions and told me right off the bat how great he was. And of course there’s Molly -”
Once more unto the breach. And over it, apparently. John wraps his arms around Sherlock, and together they drop over the railing. The climbing claw holds, and the strong cable lowers them slowly enough to the street. John holds on, feeling Sherlock’s muscles clench. His nose, for some reason, is right in his curls. Great. People will talk.
“You’re welcome,” Watson says. “By the way. That’s how you can address me.”
Until suddenly, she turns around.
John glances sideways. Wilson is steadily bumping into Sherlock, following the horse’s pace. But their humping is a lot more pronounced than the way Magnussen is bumping against John. Sherlock is smiling.
“That’s
John expected things might get heated today. Though he didn’t think it would be horseshit.
“Thank you, John,” Antoni says. “Let me show you how to make fluffy pancakes with blueberries.”
He’s also been prodded with microphones to record sound bites. “I’m very happy to be here, and yes, I do think I have as much of a shot with Wilson as anyone,” Janine made him say. And “Me and Sherlock have never fought over a guy before, so this will be so much fun.”
“Does he know he's being threatened?” John asks.
“I’m not ashamed,” John says, struggling with his jumper. “I’m just not a circus contortionist. This space is bloody small, Sherlock!”
“I need miracles not wonders.”
Phi Phi throws her an angry look, and retreats.
Alright. One last advice. Why not?
Thrilling.
Could be the legs of a criminal. Definitely. Killer… legs.
Christ, what has gotten into him?
“Victor would make me spread my legs wide”, Sherlock says, his voice rough with want. John climbs on top of the bed, sits between Sherlock’s legs and spreads them farther to either side. The sight before him briefly takes his breath away.
John stuffs the rest of a candyfloss quickly into his mouth.
Slightly, Sherlock shakes his head. He looks down.
He’s fallen right into Mycroft’s trap.
Next update: Thursday!
Sherlock lowers himself between John’s legs and with his long, lean fingers, he spreads his arse cheeks apart. Then, tentatively, he licks upwards - one long, wet stroke from John’s perineum, until finally, his tongue grazes John’s exposed hole.
me. We've agreed the best way to find out who sent the threatening note is if I go undercover on the show. As one of the suitors.”
“You'll know no-one. All the other guests are...” Sherlock hesitates. “From uni.”
The tip of Sherlock’s tongue is hanging out, as he looks down at his own hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
Wait and do nothing? Just stare at this locked door? What kind of man does Mycroft think he is? He opens the Dalmatian rucksack. Frantically, he starts checking out the different gadgets Q has provided them with. Those, at least, have worked so far.
“While everybody comes forward to receive the Body of Christ, I shall play a fitting tune,” Sherlock says.
He doesn’t, however, sleep through the gunshot.
Jesus.
“Not even a happy birthday?” John says.
He smiles. Sam and Sandy exchange meaningful looks.
Sherlock nods slowly, lost in thought. He can’t let John grieve like this. It’ll kill him - it’ll kill them both. He can’t leave for Belarus knowing he’s leaving behind John like this. He needs to find a way to somehow… make it right. Hint at him, that he’s still alive, perhaps.
started shooting at us. An overeager extra? You know what they’re like, always trying to get a speaking part.”
Okay, Sherlock’s got him there. And they’ve been fighting. If this is what he wants… John might as well humor him. He squares his shoulders.
“That was amazing, John,” Sherlock beams.
“Yes, well. I do wish”, Sam says dryly, “That you'd waited to deduce it until my actual girlfriend had left the kitchen.”
“In a way, yes.”
, it reads.
“So, the zoo?” John asks the man. A bit of an odd choice, perhaps. Molly told him Karamo took other candidates on ziplines and nightmare scenarios like yoga class. This seems strangely… normal.
Sherlock looks nervous.
John steps a bit closer and uses Sherlock’s long fingers to slide down his zipper. Slowly, he pushes down Sherlock’s underwear, and rubs his thumb over the huge cock’s tip, smearing the precum.
All right then. If his brother must.
“Thank you, Ru,” She-lock says, sporting a smile that instantly fades from her features when Ru turns her back.
That last word a near whisper. Sherlock briefly closes his eyes. In days long past, Sherlock could never refuse John.
“I heard her.”
I believe nobody should ever feel obligated to leave comments - you do you, dear readers. If you feel too much anxiety, don't know what to say, or hated this work, don't say anything, it's fine. However, I mean, do I live and breathe for kudos and comments? Umm, yes, I do ;)
She-lock stands up, her attention drawn. “What do you know about Michelle Visage?”
“Jesus Christ.”
John looks over his shoulder. Sherlock looks breathtakingly beautiful, towering over him, still fully dressed in his Belstaff and with eyes glistening in the darkness. He’s like a vision from the past. John looks at him, and feels pure warmth coursing through his veins.
“He liked and quickly unliked an old shirtless selfie of mine on Instagram,” Karamo says.
John’s eyes prickle.
For Sherlock too, this feels like summoning a ghost. The Sherlock John once knew, died a long time ago. This Sherlock cannot be anymore, the Sherlock who brought pain and sadness upon everyone he knew, the Sherlock who endangered the lives of the people who thought of him as a… friend.
“You will, or I’ll grow you a mustache,” John threatens.
“Nkkknd... Sherlock…” John’s voice sounds hoarse.
by Da Vinci.
For the first time, John notices the aquarium to his right. The piranhas seem monstrously huge.
She-lock touches her lips briefly, with long, trembling fingers, lost in thought. “Most gay men don’t want to date drag queens anyway. Not publicly, not for more than a shag. I don’t care, they’re boring, and this is my passion. My body is just transport. For amazing clothes.”
She enjoys the gasps all around her.
She looks Katya up and down. Dressed as a stunning Russian hooker, bright red lips, strong black mascara. And underneath: a twitching ball of anxiety, an addict’s brain, a not-quite-dormant volcano. The Yellowstone Park of drag queens. With a profound longing to be touched, and yet, an eternal warning sign
“We do not have green figs, Monsieur,” the voice on the other end of the telephone replies, with a hint of fear in her voice.
“Fuck my pussy with a rake, mom,” Vanjie exclaims.
John dashes towards the bedroom, then briefly hesitates, his hand hovering over the doorknob. He hears soft voices.
. Sherlock can’t stop thinking about the massage oil in the room.
John shakes that thought immediately. He won’t allow his mind to go to such dark places anymore. He hasn’t seen glimpses of Sherlock in over a year. He’s coping well. Ella says.
“What -” he stammers. John looks him up and down. There's clearly a blush creeping up to his ears, and yes, something pokes from Sherlock's pajama pants. He's erect, and god, by the looks of it, it must be
She-lock opens her eyes, and finds John in exactly the same way he fell asleep - one bud in his ear to listen to the song, one hand open and inviting on the pillow between them. Almost like a baby falls asleep. The bedside table lights are still on, but the song has long stopped playing - She-lock turned it off after John fell asleep.
like masturbating.
Underneath, it is Sherlock. A bit ruffled. His white shirt quite loose around the edges. Definitely lost weight. His hair shorter, yet already curly. His posture tense.
John bites his tongue. If there was a god, he’d let them eat.
She-lock blinks at him, confused. Not only the television, but time itself seems to have stopped entirely.
“Oh poor man,” Sharon Needles says, staring at him from two tables over. “They’re going to edit a rattlesnake noise all over you, darling.”
He feels his stomach clench. He should put the monitor away, now.
And Victor is quite dashing, too, John can admit. He has
“Oh, I couldn’t stay away for too long, could I?” Ru smiles.
“Oh,” Sherlock says, definitely not thinking about the sex. “Indeed. You’re becoming a real scientist, John. You never know when it will come in… handy.”
She-lock’s distractedly hot-glueing stuff on a piece of fabric, and barely looks up.
“I wanted to put the fun in funeral, so to speak. Live… vicariously.”
“What, Wilson? You told him about the note, when?”
Sherlock positions himself against John’s hole. He rubs the tip of his penis against it teasingly, entering a little, stretching the skin, then pulling out. John groans. It’s pure fucking majestic torture.
Unsurprisingly, it’s down to Magnussen and John.
“I understand,” She-lock says. “You already have so few fans.”
“What’s Reddit?”
Karamo nods. “This is exactly the reason why I invited you over for this zoo activity.”
Wiggins looks down. “Ratty Wigs,” he mumbles.
“Anyway, John. Pay attention. If we solve this case quickly, no one will have to wear dick tape. Or die.”
Sherlock starts unbuttoning his shirt, and John stares at him. “Couldn’t we have changed, you know, back at the office?” he whispers.
-Booger: a busted, ugly drag queen
Mycroft exhales contemptuously. “I didn’t think you’d be this foolish.”
Ru flashes a knowing smile. “And on the other side, it’s Brooke Lynn Hytes! How did our queens do in the dance challenge, Brooke?”
“John was just showing me how to give a massage,” John says into the microphone, “you know how the press are. They blow things up.”
When he gets downstairs, the kitchen smells like pancakes.
As if he’s underwater, and someone is calling him, that’s how a distant voice enters John’s sleepy brain. He opens his eyes, and is scared to death.
“Don’t be stupid, John,” Sherlock says.
Slowly, Sherlock removes his finger and mouth. John lets go of his curls. He rests his chest on the wooden desk, eyes pinched closed, hands next to his head. His cock is still hanging out, pants and trousers are still halfway down. He’s too exhausted to care.
“The stars are absolutely beautiful,” Sherlock says. “Thank you for putting these stargazers here.”
John swallows hard, but remains silent. Lord almighty. She-lock surely won’t have to spell it out for her … right?
“Let’s play,” he says.
Not a bad psychic. But… Not well.
“Just a horny celebrity friend of Janine’s,” Sherlock says. “Not a secret assassin or anything ridiculous of the sort.”
“Impossible.”
John turns on the bedside lamp and sits up. The light, though dim, brings him a little more into the present. He looks Sherlock up and down.
“He’s not
Not…. gay? Bi?
A few tense seconds pass. Then they both burst out laughing. Sherlock wipes tears from John’s eyes, John is bent over, grabbing his small waist.
been in the army.”
“It wasn’t…”
“How far…” Sherlock’s voice sounds restrained. His eyes are shut. “Is too far?”
Okay, so the butler did do it.
“She dressed up as a crew member in season 11,” the twink next to John replies, leaning over.
“That massage oil…” John continues. He can’t stop. “You must have felt… You must have! And this whole birthday charade… Don’t tell me..."
It must have been difficult for Sherlock to come to his room once more, asking for help. He knows Sherlock has been trying to lock him out all day, even more so after Mycroft’s visit. One little Heimlich hug doesn’t count. Clearly, Sherlock’s still a little bit pissed at him for yelling that he’s “whoring himself out on television”. The last thing he wants to do is sex-shame Sherlock into closing himself off again if he’s trying to, very tentatively, come out of his shell.
