The gory story notwithstanding, he also had a reputation almost prohibitively strict and by the book. Insubordination was simply not tolerated. Punishments were often severe, even for simple mistakes. He possessed a commanding presence and had a way of speaking to you as of you were under intense interrogation. You didn't reply to his inquires…you gave up information. That said, however, he was fair. If someone performed admirably, he didn't ignore it. It was acknowledged and often led to promotion. John could understand that. If there was even grain of truth to that story, then policy and procedure should rightfully be the man's top priority and as for commanding presence, that was par for the course in the military. John could deal with it so long as he was fair. High expectations were not a negative in John's mind; they were a requirement.
Sherlock
He watched, sickened, as Moriarty taunted Sherlock using John as a pawn before biting him. Rather than draining him dry and leaving him to die, Moriarty had done something much more vicious. He had fed John his blood ensuring that he would rise a fully turned vampire. Sherlock had shot him but it had only slowed the vampire down. Sherlock was lucky to have lived, if the sniper's bullet had moved by an inch, then Sherlock would be dead instead of receiving a flesh wound. Desperate, Sherlock had even resorted to alchemy, but he was unable to stop the vampire. Moriarty had left John's body after transforming and escaping leaving Sherlock helpless and horrified. He would pay for that and Mycroft vowed in that moment that he would track that creature down and kill it slowly.
Before Molly could reply John exploded. "Sherlock! Are you mad? You're asking her to raise the dead?!" Sherlock pinned John with smug look and retorted.
"Honor guard? I didn't think there were any knights left. I assumed the church had stopped training its priests in the occult. You're somewhat of a dying breed, there are so few of you left, such a shame." John murmured looking at Greg with an expression of melancholy. Greg's jaw dropped in shock.
A figure appeared hidden in the shadows of the prison. "Look what the cat finally dragged in. Major John H. Watson, MD. I went to a lot of trouble tracking you down." The man moved closer and John caught a glimpse of his face, but didn't immediately recognize him. The man smiled at him, but it wasn't a pleasant smile, it had an edge of sharpness to it. But what disturbed John more, were the man's eyes. John had seen the worst of the worst in humanity. The cold madness lying within them was chilling making him look all-consuming, as a black hole. For a moment John was reminded of James Moriarty. John's steeled himself as the man spoke again.
"If you would stop acting like a spoiled child, then perhaps I would stop treating you like one." Mycroft replied. "Dr. Watson, I'm surprised you went along with this."
“Yes..and therefore?” Mycroft prompted.
"Nothing on the website?" John inquired. Sherlock opened the laptop and began to read in an exasperated voice.
“Into what? The dark inner sanctums of my soul?” Mycroft was openly mocking him now.
Fish out of Water
(Whoever desires peace, let him prepare for war)
“I’m sorry, Son. Since you’re only 15, I’ll have to put in a call to social services regarding foster care. I can put you up in an empty patient room until we get the social worker involved.” John nodded numbly feeling ill. His head ached and his stomach was in knots. The doctor looked him over shrewdly.
John looked at Sherlock still shaken. He wasn’t sure if this was just another dream; it was easy to lose ones grip on reality in this place. It didn’t seem possible that Sherlock could be here. Even if Sherlock had searched; this place was like the bowels of hell and just as untraceable.
"If your brother finds out…" Molly trailed off in a voice heavy with implication.
Mycroft
“According to you.” Greg qualified.
It was why all registered Alphas were forcibly drafted into combat. They were only good for one thing in the governments view and that was to serve as cannon fodder. They could own property and were free to marry and but only to betas. Bonds with Omegas were strictly forbidden. Even though bonding helped to balance an Alphas hormones and with it helped calm their aggressive nature. Omegas were worse off. While Alphas had few rights, Omegas had none. Registered Omegas were barred from attending university, working, owning property and marrying. They were kept in state run housing locked away and left to suffer through monthly heats without suppressants. Sadly, it could be far worse for there was a thriving black market in which Omegas were trafficked and sold off to the highest bidder and forcibly bonded and bred amongst the elite. “I’ll apply for guardianship and you will continue with private tutoring until you present, we go from there as a lot depends on whether you are Alpha or Omega.”
Irene Adler
"My brother. He is an arrogant, interfering, fat git. He is also prone to kidnapping any close acquaintances of mine. Lestrade experienced something similar, I assure you." Sherlock explained. John's jaw dropped in shock.
Greg nodded with a hum of agreement.
Molly sucked in a horrified breath as Sherlock told her the tale. John Watson was a fallen angel who had been bitten and turned. That should have been the end of it as far as Molly was concerned. John Watson should have been staked before he rose, but Sherlock had recruited Greg's help and the priest had performed an ancient ritual further complicating the matter. There was still light in John according to Sherlock but there was darkness as well. John needed to feed. He needed blood and that was where Molly came into play. "You have access to the blood bank." Sherlock pressed urgently.
This did not bode well. Mycroft debated over whether to tell Sherlock immediately. Ethically, he should. But Mycroft knew that Sherlock would abandon the mission as soon as he found out. Sherlock was close, how close was hard to say, but if he could hold off for a little while, Sherlock may complete his task. Mycroft knew that Sherlock may never forgive him, but there was nothing that his brother could do for John Watson at the moment. Mycroft twisted the gold band on his right ring finger anxiously as Anthea posed the question, which he had been internally debating. "What do we tell Sherlock?"
"It's true. I've witnessed it, though he hasn't done it since that night…" Sherlock murmured sounding haunted. John frowned looking at Sherlock curiously.
Greg's phone buzzed with a text pulling him from his memories. It was from Molly. Package has been delivered. We've done all we can. Greg sighed in relief, as much as he hated leaving things unfinished, the likelihood of them finding John was slim to none, especially with Sherlock so determined to work alone. Greg pushed the feeling of guilt away and reminded himself that Mycroft was on the case and the man had more resources than either of them could ever dream of. He, or his team, was much better suited to handle this. Greg was just grateful that Molly had finally come to the same realization before things had gone completely south. If they were lucky, they might get out of this place alive.
"I upset her? Me? It wasn't me that upset her Mycroft! Try not to start a war before I get home you know what it does to the traffic." The man snapped before turning his back to them and stomping away angrily.
"Billy, Toby, what brings you here?" Sherlock asked as the little boy made himself at home in Sherlock's chair and began to eat his way through all of Mrs. Hudson's scones and biscuits. The large dog leaned against Sherlock wagging its tail furiously as Sherlock scratched behind its ear obviously enjoying the attention. The little boy stopped when he caught John staring at in confusion.
The deductions flew at him at lightening speed, leaving John reeling and utterly speechless.
"Most assuredly, my dear." Mycroft agreed.
"I…" John trailed off as he began to consider the option. He had to admit that it was tempting. He thrived on danger, always had. He already had a death wish, if he were to be killed in action, then at least he would be serving crown and country and his death could mean something. Perhaps he could save a few lives along the way. If he didn't enjoy or if didn't work out, well there was always suicide, which he had already been planning on. "All right, Mycroft. I think I'd like to give it a shot. I'll take you up on your offer." John admitted with a ghost of a smile as the irony of his words hit him.
It was Mycroft who had found the body in the well. The bloody song, there was a cipher embedded into it. It was the graves that led him to the well. In hindsight, he shouldn't have confronted her. When he threatened to tell their parents and Sherlock about what she had done, she had turned on him. She attacked burning him on over 40 percent of his body nearly killing him, but not before he cast the spell that killed her. It had been self-defense, kill or be killed, but that knowledge did nothing to alleviate his guilt. Mycroft would be forever haunted by that day. The scars over his torso served as a grim reminder.
"You could at least have the decency to look as if you're grieving. Regardless of you're issues, he was your brother, Mycroft." John spat angrily. Mycroft met his eyes evenly giving away nothing and twisted the handle of his umbrella before answering in a perfectly controlled voice.
“You look pale and you’re clammy. Do you feel ill?” He asked brushing his fingers against John’s brow. “You feel warm. You likely have a low grade fever.”
Greg took a drag off of his cigarette. He was still waiting for the other shoe to drop. He and Molly had made it out of Afghanistan alive, but there had been complete and utter radio silence in regards to Sherlock and John. Greg had expected the information to be scare but it was as if anyone involved had dropped off the face of the earth. Greg had been calling on contacts and chasing leads without success. Greg wasn’t stupid, he knew that Sherlock and John, assuming he was still alive, had gone to ground in Afghanistan, but so had everyone else.
"Sergeant Lestrade, good to see you again." The Sergeant nodded and glanced at the dark haired man who was frowning deeply at Mycroft who then looked in his direction and addressed him. "Another case cracked, how very public spirited. Though that's never really your motivation, is it?" Mycroft asked the man in a sarcastic voice causing her to frown in confusion. The dynamic between them was hard to describe.
"Go! I saved your life and now I wish that I hadn't." Sherlock shouted as the pain quickly morphed into anger. Irene could tell by the murderous look in his eyes that he was serious. She nodded and slipped away wondering what would become of him. He had sent everyone away. Molly, Lestrade, and now Irene.
"I would be willing to pay you a considerable sum of money for information, nothing indiscreet. Just tell me what he's up to. I worry about him constantly. We have a difficult relationship." Mycroft explained.
"You don't believe that and neither do I." Anthea insisted as she came closer pulling him into a gentle embrace. Mycroft sighed unable to deny it. They were interrupted by a knock on the door.
John's jaw dropped in shock as his eyes darted between Anthea and Mycroft. "You two are dating?" He asked looking for confirmation. Mycroft clamped his jaw shut feeling his blood pressure rise.
"I don't have any appointments with clients today." Sherlock said as he moved towards the door.
"It could be." Mycroft countered. Stubborn, now wonder he and Sherlock got on.
Anthea was pulled from her thoughts as her phone buzzed with another text. Anthea was unsurprised when she saw Mycroft's number.
"I did." Sherlock assured.
“No. No, you don’t. Because I’m not trying to trap you. Maybe that’s what you’re used to. You’re surrounded by politicians and spies. And so you see traps everywhere. Even when there aren’t any.” Greg insisted wondering if anyone would ever find his body. What had he been thinking. Sherlock would be laughing if he could see him now.
"Bloody Necromancer! Were you trying to raise those babies from the dead? You make me sick. Did you kill them too, or are you just trying to make them do your bidding." A rough voice hissed in her ear. Molly looked up at her assailant and her eyes widened in shock as she took in a handsome man with dark brown eyes and silver hair in a cassock and roman collar. Priest? What was a priest doing here? How had he known what she was and that she had been conjuring the dead?
“What was it like?” His brother’s question brought it all back. So many things were lost in the rut, but Mycroft could remember clearly afterwards. He could still hear their Uncle’s voice.
"Yes, I knew that. I should have confiscated both of them." Mycroft recalled. "But all of my wards were pulsing strongly warning me not to test him. I couldn't take the chance." Mycroft reluctantly admitted.
"He's as good as it." Anthea interjected as she eyed John's pallid, motionless body staring seemingly mesmerized by the white shimmering tattoo. "Would you like to do it or shall I?" She asked with a look in Mycroft's direction.
"Deduction, Sergeant. One can pick up all kinds of things if one simply observes closely. You, for example, good at your job, workaholic, married with one child and another on the way."
"Why yes, Irene Adler, the only woman that matters." She confirmed in a silken voice.
"Guardians are not to interfere only observe and report." John said in a hollow voice. "I knew the consequences, but I couldn't let it happen. It wasn't right. All the others were taken naturally, but not her. She was innocent." John's eyes moved to Mycroft and Anthea who were still unconscious. "I should wake them." John murmured looking between Greg and Sherlock for confirmation.
"Aye, Toby. Come here." Sherlock called. The dog approached without his usual enthusiasm. Sherlock sighed confident that the animal was missing his young master. "We'll find whoever killed him." Sherlock murmured as he led the dog up the stairs and into the flat. Sherlock sighed again belatedly remembering that he needed to dog proof the flat and keep all of his chemicals and weapons out of Toby's reach. As Sherlock mentally rearranged the flat, a text alert pulled him from his thoughts. Rather than John or even Lestrade as Sherlock expected, it was from an unknown contact causing Sherlock to frown as he read the message.
Sanguis Vitae
Auribus Teneo Lupum
"John, I know you're with Sherlock. I want you to give him a message. I need Sherlock to let me handle this. For some reason, he trusts you. Maybe he'll listen to you." Greg insisted. John frowned as he adjusted the phone bringing it closer to his ear. Why didn't Greg talk to Sherlock directly? When John posed the question the priest snapped at him angrily. "I talked to him until I was blue in the face. He refuses to drop it. Molly gave me the autopsy results. I have enough to go on. I can handle it." John grit his teeth at the revelation. Molly had yet to get back to Sherlock. She was likely withholding the information on purpose. The question was why. Much as John could understand Greg's frustration with Sherlock's methods and attitude, John couldn't deny that he had a valid point. Greg was a target. The priest was right when he claimed that it was personal. That was the precise reason that he should allow Sherlock to at least assist, if not completely take over the case. He couldn't be objective.
Ego Te Absolvo
"I know." Sherlock said in a soft voice. Molly hummed happy that Sherlock was willing to make that concession. "Molly, can you…" Sherlock trailed off his words heavy with implication.
"What the hell was that?" Sherlock had spat the accusation vehemently.
She sighed and dialed the number for the met hoping that her lead would yield results. "New Scotland Yard, how may I direct your call?" A soft female voice asked.
Chapter 21
“I’m telling you what I see. And I know a trap when I see it.” Mycroft coaxed. “Tread carefully, Detective.”
"Don't be too impressed John. The vampire that she was working with is still at large." Sherlock pointed out although his words lacked their usual condescending tone.
Chapter 30
"Sherlock!" The sergeant shouted. "Bloody wanker! I swear if you interfere with this investigation, it'll be the last crime scene that you'll ever see. Mycroft sighed loudly as he glared at the two men quickly approaching them.
"Case, I have to cut this short I'm afraid. Have a cup of tea. Make yourself at home." Sherlock said as he gathered up a few tools. He reached for the doorknob then paused turning to John.
"What is your story, Watson? I've read your file. Army doctor, there has to be more to it than that. You could have run those drills with your eyes closed and that was some of the best marksmanship I have ever seen. Those are not the skills of an RAMC physician. But even more than your skills, your eyes give you away; windows to the soul. What have yours seen?" Sholto fired the questions at him as his eyes bore into him looking through him with a cold calculation similar to Sherlock. Sherlock, God. Would he never escape his tortured memories of what if's when it came to the mad genius that was Sherlock Holmes? Something akin to pain must have flickered across his face before he could mask it because Sholto pounced sensing an opening. "Man on the edge, you've lost someone. Someone close. I know about loss and regret and what it can do to a man." His voice changed with the last statement it moved from demanding and interrogating to soft and sympathetic. John risked breaking protocol and met Sholto's gaze and saw the internal pain that he had been feeling mirrored back at him.
"Sorry, not that obvious a trick." Sherlock whispered.
"Hello?" He greeted feeling a bit foolish.
“Neither do I.” Mycroft agreed in a detached voice.
"You could have. She already touched you and then slapped you and you resisted." Sherlock answered catching John by surprise with the information. John looked at the priest and raised an eyebrow. Anyone able to resist that was powerful indeed. Greg sighed and then replied.
"Not a word." Mike confessed.
Amour Omnia Vincit
Sherlock plays it once, twice, again and again until he can be certain that what he’s heard is accurate. There are only five words and they taste of that night when he says them, after the voice recorder has been returned to the drawer.
After Sherlock had jumped to his death, John had been shattered. He was lost. After Sherlock's funeral, Mycroft had offered assistance. John had been surprised at first; after all, Mycroft had been hostile at their first meeting and obviously didn't approve of Sherlock's friendship with him. John had debated long and hard about whether to take the elder Holmes brother up on his offer. John had been ready to go. After the funeral, he had been planning to turn his gun on himself and follow Sherlock to the grave. It had taken seeing his best friend falling to his death from the rooftop of St. Bart's for John to finally admit to himself that his feelings for Sherlock ran much deeper than mere friendship. He winced as he recalled how many times he had spouted the phrase "not gay." Technically, it was true. John was attracted to women, but he was also attracted to Sherlock. He had buried those feelings deep, writing them off as some kind of Freudian defense mechanism. Looking back, it had been a defense mechanism, just not the one that John had originally thought. Repression, the more he repressed the stronger the sublimated feelings grew until John couldn't ignore them anymore. The fall had been the breaking point. It had opened the floodgates and with it came a mixture of feelings ranging from love and longing, to anger, regret and guilt.
"This is Father Gregory Lestrade. He's the one who called me with the case. Lestrade, this is my new assistant, Dr. John Watson." Sherlock introduced. Greg shot Sherlock a disbelieving look before objecting.
“I’m sorry, Mycroft. I didn’t mean--” Greg said weakly.
"Molly's a skilled necromancer. She can conjure without fully raising the dead. I've witnessed her do it." Sherlock assured causing Molly to flush with embarrassment. Sherlock was right it would be faster and much more effective. She could not only find the cause of death but the facts leading up to it. Greg would never forgive her though. She never quite understood why he was so averse to her conjuring, but he loathed it.
Peccavi
"Are you sure, you're willing to risk it? If this all goes south, we may end up burying more than just John tonight. Will you be able to live with that? Of two evils, pick the lesser." Mycroft stated. Sherlock bit his lip looking torn.
The cell door swung opened and slammed shut quickly as a body was flung inside. John looked up in disbelief. He had lost count of the days that he had been held prisoner. Time had lost all meaning and the days and nights blurred into one. There was no natural light and the only sounds were the screams and moans of other prisoners as they were tortured. He hadn’t spoken to anyone since Bill Murray was dragged from this very cell.
“He’s right, John. Mad as hatters, the two of them are. Watch your back around them. Carl Powers drowned at the pool and they were the only ones there. Ruled a drowning only because of lack of evidence. They drowned him; everyone knows it. Carl was a strong swimmer, but they couldn’t prove it.”
Irene ran unaware that she was now marked. Moriarty's words echoed in her mind. "Every fairy tale needs a good old fashion villain." She shuddered. The vampire was obsessed with the hunter, Sherlock Holmes. When he had first approached her, she hadn't been worried. She had dealt with vampires before. She should have been. Moriarty didn't play fair. Never let your guard down, even amongst your own kind. She should have suspected foul play. Moriarty had built up favors from nearly every type of dark creature in existence and now he was calling them all in. He was a spider and every creature, whether they were light or dark, which he came into contact with became trapped in his web.
"No, Greg may have a death wish, but I do not. I can get you the blood, but that's as far as I'll go." She insisted coldly. Conjuring the dead was one thing, but summoning darkness was another. It was a line Molly refused to cross.
"Molly, please." Sherlock pleaded. His desperation was clear. Molly sighed feeling her resolve falter. She never could resist Sherlock Holmes.
Mycroft waited, as Greg tried to find the words.
"I understand why his parents abandoned him, but he should be in an orphanage or foster care." John insisted. Sherlock then pegged him with a look that screamed. What are you an idiot?
“Detective, I fear I must end this, as enlightening as your opinions are, I cannot allow myself to succumb to the sunk cost fallacy. It’s irrational to dump resources into a failing venture just because you’ve heavily invested.”
“I’m not afraid. I’m certain.” Mycroft insisted. There was a click and a dial tone before Greg could formulate a response. Bollocks, what had he done. He had to warn Molly.
Sharp pain still shot through his hips and pelvis, but it was improved with the added support. His muscles tightened still stiff and weak from disuse, but he was able to slowly move forward. The man was right, and his stiff muscles loosened with the activity and the sharp pains faded to a bone deep ache, still unpleasant, but tolerable. John moved carefully as the men led him out of the cell. John moved through the dark hallway slowly and his nose wrinkled a strange smell assaulted him. It was hard to describe like a combination of sweat, and something that John can't quite place, but it made him feel hot and needy. "Here!" The man pointed nudging John into the cell. John's breath caught when he got a good look at the cells occupant. "Bill? Bill Murray?" John whispered still not believing his eyes.
"Aye, I never had much of a filter, I've been in the brig more times than I can count; but make no mistake, I've got the skills to back up my mouth. How about you, old man?" John couldn't hold back a laugh at the man's teasing.
John chuckled softly before responding. "No, I haven't heard anything. But I doubt we'll be assigned together. I have requested to serve as a full combatant rather than serve with the RAMC. I haven't been assigned a regiment yet. Though I suspect that when I am assigned, it will be the with Fusilier's as I served with that regiment during my last tour in Afghanistan." John explained. Bill's eyes widened at the admission clearly taken by surprise.
Sherlock Holmes
"It worked," Sherlock murmured in disbelief. The ritual had been a last resort and as Anthea had put it; a lost cause. In the back of all of their minds, they had all assumed that it would fail.
(Holding the wolf by the ears)
"Were you able to banish her?" Sherlock asked.
"Tell me," Irene whispered into the man's ear licking the outer lobe as she caressed the man's body causing him to shudder with arousal. After a month of searching, she had finally found her mark. This man would lead them to the camp where John Watson had been taken prisoner. Sherlock and Irene had so far been able to only get bits and pieces of intel despite Sherlock's deductions and Irene using her sexual prowess to extort information. They were able to confirm that John Watson was indeed alive and being held prisoner, what they had yet to discover is where. But hopefully, after tonight, they would have their answer.
Sherlock came down hard and fast. As he came back to himself, the sight a woman greeted him, blonde with porcelain skin and blue eyes. She stared at him with an unreadable expression. This was her, the woman mentioned in Mycroft's report. AGRA agent. True name unknown, alias Mary Morstan. She was the missing link to John. Sherlock had taken a gamble and won. She had shown her hand when she had surfaced. John's disappearance could not have been a coincidence. It was connected to him some how and Sherlock was determined to find out how.
"I-I was just thinking." She stammered as her cheeks flushed with embarrassment at being caught daydreaming. Greg must think that she was a fool.
John took a deep shuddering breath and closed his eyes trying to keep his emotions in check. Even in his dazed state, Sherlock could see him putting the pieces  together. The fall, Moriarty and Moran; it was all connected.
(Cleanse My Heart)
“I’m scared, Myc. It hurts. I feel sick.” Sherlock pleaded wanting nothing more then to bury his nose in his brother’s neck and scent deeply. His brother paused seeming to hesitate.
"Bollocks, not much good 'e'll do you, Mr. 'omles wot wiv 'im being normal and all." The boy replied as he finished the last biscuit, putting emphasis on the word normal obviously using the word as a substitute for human. "Why don't cha' ask Fadda?"
“It is different for each couple but the Alpha needs to show he can provide. Once he has proven himself a worthy provider, the Alpha will preen and allow the Omega to scent them. If the Omega approves of the Alphas scent, then they allow the Alpha to reciprocate. If the scents are compatible then the courting continues. The Alpha and Omega will go on outings and begin to appear in public together. Once the Omega is comfortable, they begin marking each other with their scents to let rivals know that they are spoken for. The last step is bonding which is achieved during heat which will trigger rut in an Alpha and bond bites are exchanged.” Mummy explained pointing to the scar on her neck.
"Mycroft, I will never forgive you. Do not harm him." Sherlock insisted as he moved out of the circle of protection against his brother's order with Anthea on his heels looking fit to be tied. He moved purposefully in front of John before looking at Greg with an expression, which was mixture of pain and betrayal, which caused Greg's heart to clench with guilt.
"You have to control the pain!" Molly pleaded. "You aren't thinking clearly."
"He is currently away from his desk. He is out on case, but you can leave a voice mail. I'll connect you to his desk extension." Before Harriet could reply there was a beep and an outgoing message asking for her name, contact info and a brief description of her inquiry. After leaving her number, Harriet went on to say.
"Fine, but I warned you. This is a hopeless case." Molly insisted determined to point out the obvious. She never was one to hold up false hope.
"Yes, of course." Sherlock replied. "Dartmoor is our next stop."
When Molly told Greg that she intended to go after Sherlock in Afghanistan, she hadn't told him the whole story. It wasn't surprising that he thought that she was mad. He didn't know about Mycroft's report and assumed that Molly had been ready to embark on a wild goose chase. She hadn't corrected that assumption and had initially tried to convince him to let her go alone, but Greg had been stubborn and insisted that if she was going on a hopeless mission then he wasn't going to allow her to go alone. She knew that if she refused then he would just follow her and that would only make things much more complicated and difficult.
Much to Greg's surprise Mycroft not only answered but also addressed him by name. "Detective Inspector Lestrade, to what do I owe the pleasure?" Greg smirked for as polite as the words were the tone was glacial. Greg took a deep breath praying that he wouldn't live to regret this.
“All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.” Mycroft murmured the words into his brother’s ear as Sherlock trembled beside him. Sherlock shook his head and buried himself into Mycroft’s side. Mycroft sighed softly and allowed it at 18 he towered over his 11 year old brother. “Sherlock, I tried to warn you...” Mycroft trailed off as his brother shook softly attempting to quell his tears as they both stared at the gravesite. The matching headstones engraved with the names of their parents Violet and Sigerson Holmes stood side by side.
“You’re simultaneously demanding that I share all the secrets you imagine I’m keeping from you and warning me that I should fear the consequences if you disapprove of what I’ve done. I’m forced to conclude that’s what you want--for me to lay myself bare so you can verify your suspicions.”
"Oh, please John. No one would believe him if his tongue came notarized. What's more, he has an extensive psych history. He could always plead insanity." Sherlock assured. John still didn't like it.
Mens Rea
"The element of the profane heightens their pleasure leading to a more satisfying feed." Sherlock replied answering John's question regarding the succubus before trailing off. "John, how did you…"
"Sir, bad news. John's unit was ambushed and there were no survivors retrieved. Those that were not immediately killed were taken as POW's and we have been unable to locate them." Anthea said. "I'm sorry." Her voice shook with emotion. She knew how serious this was.
Greg Lestrade
"Greg, I'm begging you. Please try. After everything we've been through together, please, do this for me." Sherlock choked out in a hoarse voice. Greg growled and cursed roughly under his breath before answering.
"What is it with men and their labels? Not gay? Hardly, bisexual at the very least." Irene insisted. "Denial, Sherlock. He was in denial." Sherlock shook his head and his eyes flooded with pain and regret. Irene cursed herself again. The man had suffered enough and rather than give him solace as she had expected; the revelation only served to increase his pain. "Sherlock…" She trailed off unsure of what to say afraid of unintentionally causing more pain to a man that was hanging on by a thread.
“Right.” Greg said unsure once again of where exactly Mycroft was going. Damned Holmes brothers were impossible to predict.
Surrounded by miscellany and red thread, he lays his memories side by side. He can’t help but be repulsed by the disorder of his little magpie nest, but the longer he spends there, the more things begin to converge. New angles appear in old snapshots. Shadows begin to take form. Sounds and smells and sensations that he thought he had forgotten echo back at you anew.
John Watson
Mycroft returned home exhausted from his undercover mission to extract Sherlock followed immediately by NATO meetings in Belgium and the G7 summit in Sicily. The later two, he considered successful, after all, diplomacy was always an area in which he excelled. Mycroft could navigate the minefield that was foreign policy with his eyes closed, but he could only hope that all his effort had not been in vain regarding his brother and that Sherlock would heed his words and focus on completing the mission. Moran must be dealt with. Mycroft sighed he checked his messages. His brow furrowed when he found nothing from his military contact regarding John Watson. Peter Small had been serving as his eyes and ears during John's training, which was nearly complete. Radio silence never boded well in Mycroft's opinion. As if reading his mind, a text from Anthea came through. "Bollocks!" Mycroft hissed the words CODE RED appeared. His phone rung a moment later and he quickly answered. "Status?"
“Quite so, it’ll prove to be quite a challenge.” His uncle murmured as he took another sip from his glass.
James Sholto
"Client?" John asked. Sherlock tilted his head with a nod.
That was how Mycroft found himself in this predicament. In attempting to save John Watson from himself, Mycroft had likely inadvertently signed his death warrant and his brother had followed him into the abyss. John’s fate had become intwined with Sherlock’s. Mycroft once again wished that his brother had heeded his warning. Caring is not an advantage. Emotions were dangerous. Force them down and shut them out. Mycroft bit his lip and took a deep breath as another phrase which he had whispered to  Sherlock came to mind mocking him and exposing Mycroft to be a hypocrite. “He will never hurt you.”
"I was just playing the game." She confessed moving her attention back to the priest knowing that she was beaten.
He looked around the dark empty cell. He was restrained on a stretcher. John could feel the nasogastric tube irritating his nose as enteral feedings were pumped into his stomach. The IV in his arm was well secured in order to avoid him dislodging it. John could feel the soiled diaper chafe at his skin and swallowed his humiliation. It wouldn't be long before the men came with more drugs and John would slip back under. John moaned as his abdomen cramped viciously. The sharp pain distracted him from the near constant bone deep aches in his hips and pelvis. John nearly gagged as he caught a whiff of his own urine and feces. He pulled against the leather restraints but made no progress. His muscles had atrophied to the point of near uselessness. He was weak as a kitten. John licked his chapped lips. Thirsty, he was so thirsty. His senses were all over the place. The drugs, it must be the drugs. John thought, as the sound of his own breathing and heartbeat seemed to magnify in his ears along with the steady hum of the infusion pumps. The room was still nearly pitch black but John could still see clearly, but the colors were off. It was as if he were wearing night vision goggles. Hallucinating. John rationalized.
"He will never hurt you" becomes his mantra he is careful not to tangle the red strings connecting these memories with so many others. He snips the threads that lead back to the worst of his resentment. The rest, he handles gently, not wanting to jolt the feelings he keeps at the ends. Sentiment will only distract him.
"A pet rabbit, John," Sherlock explained. "Fairy…that could be something…let's take it."
"You don't seem very frightening." John countered.
Harriet Watson
Sherlock and John took a cab to Westminster. Sherlock's phone rang and he smirked as Lestrade's name flashed across the display. "Perfect timing." He murmured under his breath. He answered it. "Lestrade, are you safe?" Sherlock asked.
"You of all people should know that just because there was a body, doesn't qualify as airtight evidence." Sherlock snapped. Molly bit her lip knowing that Sherlock was referring to her role in faking his death. His tone then shifted from accusatory to desperate and anguished "Give it to me, Mycroft's report. Don't you see? We're running out of time. Molly, please!" Molly felt her resolve waver in the face of Sherlock's heartfelt plea.
"A very old one." John answered and turned away going to the statue and dipping his finger into the blood, which still ran from the eyes. He then whispered something in the strange lilting language. John smiled as it glowed briefly. "They forgot to enchant the blood. You're looking for a succubus, but they didn't work alone. Something else was here. The succubus came first and created the weeping statue. It was simply looking for meals. Sex demons favor churches for some odd reason. Later, another more powerful demon came after and made the runes, which caused the suicides. It wanted to steal souls.
“John...You’re alive?” He murmured in disbelief.
"Wait!" He ordered as Anthea began to summon a circle of protection around Greg's limp form. The circle glowed brightly, a ghostly bluish white. Mycroft then raised his wand and waved it rhythmically casting an illumination spell. The wand pulsed and lit up the entire cathedral. Mycroft murmured another spell under his breath and protective runes appeared surrounding the three of them. Sherlock's eyes moved from Lestrade to John's back. The wings, they were white and shimmering softly.
Mala in Se
"Peter Small." The recruit said with a firm handshake and a smile. He was young and much too fresh faced, with blond hair and blue eyes, like John, but without a trace of grey or a wrinkle in sight. Most would right him off as green, but John knew better than that. John had learned never to judge a book by its cover. There had to be good reason for him to be here. Applicants for SAS training were the best of the best and thoroughly vetted. John couldn't help but feel a bit old and worn out looking at his fellow soldier though.
Malo Mori quam Foedari
At the end of the hall lies the Shadow Room.
Sherlock's words from all those years ago were angrily spat back at him. "Alone is what I have. Alone protects me!" Lestrade had then cut the call leaving Sherlock stunned and at a loss for words. He knew he needed to make it right, he couldn't afford to lose Lestrade, but it would have to wait a bit. The succubus needed to be taken down before Lestrade found her, or worse yet, she found him.
"Oh Sherlock, what have you done?" Mycroft murmured. "Where are you? What's happened?"
"I'm nobody, I just met him." John answered. He was getting sick of everyone's constant questions, but this woman was by far the most irritating of all of them. Her nasty attitude and prejudice against Sherlock grated on his last nerve.
Romania
"I tried to tell you that it needs to be fresh from the vein." Molly insisted looking at John warily. "I understand you both wanting to try the bagged blood first, with time and proper weaning vampires can adjust to it. I have to say John, I've never seen this level of control in a newly turned vampire." Molly admitted looking perplexed. John closed his eyes as his stomach twisted painfully, he couldn't wait much longer. Even with Greg's help, his control wasn't endless. The darkness was still within him and with it came the hunger. It would not be ignored any longer. Seemingly sensing his thoughts, Sherlock spoke seriously.
Sherlock ignored the text and ducked behind a skip to avoid detection from the mark.
"Newly turned require fresh blood Sherlock." Mycroft said looking torn and unsure. John could understand the feeling. He wasn't acting like a newly turned vampire. They were feral and ravenous, so crazed for blood they were willing to drink from anything, be it human or supernatural. John should have attacked immediately upon awakening desperate for blood.
"What killed him?" John repeated Sherlock's question from earlier. Greg shrugged.
By sunset tomorrow, John Watson would awaken a newly turned vampire. "Remember Sherlock, in a world of locked rooms the man with the key is king and honey you should see me in a crown." Moriarty then transformed into a bat escaping quickly leaving Sherlock Holmes dazed and horrified.
John fought back panic as he looked at his mother in the ICU bed. Harry squeezed his hand as she sobbed softly. Their mother’s face was so bruised and swollen that it was hardly recognizable and her head was covered in gauze. Wires and IV tubing snaked out from beneath her hospital gown and the Endotracheal tube was tightly secured and taped down to avoid dislodgment. It didn’t seem real. It was like a dream. No, a nightmare.
Chapter 7
"That should be obvious. This is a matter of national security. That, and I knew you would show up. I couldn't allow you to run wild over this investigation. I'm also concerned about you." Mycroft replied.
"The mage? He's your brother?" John asked needing to be certain.
"It really couldn't." John insisted.
Sergeant Sally Donovan had come in early one morning to gather evidence for Anderson's forensic report. Sally had always been kind to her. But then, most humans were blind to the supernatural and as a result had no idea what Molly truly was. It was refreshing to be judged by the content of her character rather than supernatural abilities. "You'll never believe this one, doc. Hell of a case last night. There is just something about this case that just doesn't fit. It's right tragic, apparent drowning in the Thames, two kids, but we can't find the bodies even with the dredges. No, no bodies to be found, but we did find something else, something that we've never seen before, it stumped the whole forensics department. I was wondering if you could take a look." Molly's eyes widened as she saw what was in Sally's hand. Hair, but it wasn't human. It enchanted, from a horses mane. Kelpie. They were most often seen in Scottish Loch's but could be found near any body of water. They often lured children into the water where they then devoured them.
Chapter 27
"Yes." John replied looking a bit annoyed at him for pointing out the obvious.
"He's not a good enough actor and his deductive skills are nowhere near mine. What's more, he was quite annoyed that I beat him to Bart's and those dead priests. When I suggested that he lay low and let me handle it, he was less than pleased." Sherlock replied causing John to roll his eyes.
Greg rolled his eyes thankful that Mycroft couldn’t see the gesture.
"He's filthy, and much too thin. Where is he living?" John questioned causing Sherlock to frown before replying
Sherlock
Greg stood at the alter and lit the candles surrounding it as he waited for Sherlock, Mycroft, Anthea and John to arrive. How had he let himself be talked into this? This was unheard of: a fallen angel that had been bitten by a vampire. What dark creature would it become? Greg shuddered at the possibilities; it would become something much more powerful than either a Fallen or a Vampire, of that much Greg was certain. This was a lost cause. Greg couldn't hold back a ghost of a smile as he touched relic around his neck, the small pendant with chip of bone belonging to St. Jude the Apostle, patron saint of lost causes. "I could use your help tonight." Greg whispered. He was going at this blind. While he knew the ritual, he had never performed it before. It would require that he use a piece of himself, his own light. It was dangerous, not only for John, but for Greg as well. That was why he insisted that Mycroft and Anthea be present. If the ritual failed, then John must be dispatched and buried on hallowed ground to prevent any of the darkness from trying to enter Greg. Greg only hoped that Sherlock realized what a risk he was taking.
Sherlock followed his brother into Musgrave leaving the private cemetery in which all their relatives were buried. They weaved through the halls stopping in the music room. Mycroft sat at the piano bench facing away from his beloved grand piano and Sherlock sat opposite him in the chair near the music stand next to his stradivarius. Sherlock couldn’t wait any longer and blurted out. “How? How will you look after me? You just turned 18 last week and you are still in University...” Sherlock trailed off trying to keep his voice calm and steady as he looked into Mycroft’s determined face.
"Yes, you are. You just don't know it yet." She claimed before turning her attention back to Sherlock. "If you won't give me the information I want, then I'll find something to use in order to get it. Extortion is a hobby of mine. You both haven't seen the last of me. That priest of yours will serve as excellent leverage." Sensing that she was about to make an escape, Sherlock pulled the bottle of holy water out from beneath his Cossack pulled off the top and flung it at her. She moved quickly, but not quickly enough. The right side of her calf was burned causing her to hiss in pain. "You'll pay for that!" She promised before disappearing.
"No, John's not gay." Sherlock claimed. Irene sighed wondering if she had just made a fatal mistake. Some things were better left buried and this may have been one of them.
"I think that's none of your business." John stated flatly looking annoyed.
The ritual that Greg would try was very much an unknown. There was a good possibility that rather than strengthen John's grace as intended, it could either kill John, or worse yet, fail completely leaving Greg's soul opened to the darkness. Greg frowned as he considered the options. There was still a chance, albeit a slim one. Greg had promised Sherlock. John deserved a chance. He turned to Mycroft, Sherlock, and Anthea. If they were going to do this, they needed to be on the same page. "I need your word. If his wings turn black or disappear completely, it means that all of his grace, which is the angelic equivalent of a soul, has fled meaning that the ritual has failed. If that happens, then John must be killed and his body buried on hallowed ground. I am giving a up part of myself, my light, my soul, in order to do this and it will leave me vulnerable to the darkness, if these steps are not followed." Greg warned gravely.
"Yes," Sherlock answered pulling Molly's attention away from John and back to him. Molly frowned as she looked at the hunter. He was deathly pale, but more worrisome than his complexion was the fear in his eyes. He could sense it too; the darkness.
"Oh, Sherlock….the odds; they're not good, assuming that John is even still alive." Irene replied. "There are rumors of POW camps, but they are well hidden and not one has been uncovered. I could use my skills to trade information with the enemy. After all, men tend to reveal all kinds of things in the throes of passion, but if I am caught, I am as good as dead. Prostitution is a capital offense here." She explained.
"Wait! There may be a chance to save him." Sherlock pleaded with a gesture towards John's back. Mycroft looked down and peered at it with a frown. There was a tattoo. Wings, they were beautiful and so realistic that they seemed to move, shifting and glowing ever so slightly. Mycroft squinted and realized that it wasn't shading and spatial relativity that was causing an optical illusion, but actual movement. What in heaven's name? There, before them lay a fallen angel, a creature so rare that many believed them to be a product of lore. Mycroft was struck speechless. The pieces fell into place. That was why John Watson had set off his wards. The fleeting sense of satisfaction related to having his questions about John answered faded quickly as Mycroft wracked his brain trying to gather every bit of information that he had read on the subject of fallen angels. Too Late, John Watson's light was fading and there was nothing they could do to stop this.
“Bonds are illegal, Uncle.” Mycroft interjected.
Mycroft sighed and gripped the handle of his umbrella tracing his thumb over the fine wooden grain. Mary Moristan. The alias for the AGRA agent was still a hard target, but not nearly as difficult as Moran. She just may be the lead to chase which could lead him to John and by extension, Sherlock. He couldn't quite suppress the quirk of his lip as he found what he sought. It was time for more legwork.
"Oh God, yes." The haunted look faded away and in its place came determination and a hint of exhilaration.
"You've just solved one, the Selkie with the missing skin. Ring a bell?" John reminded him pointedly.
"Mycroft's ID." Sherlock said looking smug.
"I don't have one. I barely know him. I met him yesterday." John replied looking confused.
The military record was exemplary. Watson began as an RAMC physician serving as a trauma surgeon on the front lines treating battle injuries, after serving in that capacity for several years and saving countless lives, he then volunteered for officer's training at Sandhurst. After completing the rigorous training, he then re-enlisted as a full combatant and was deployed to Afghanistan during the height of operation HERRICK. Watson once again proved himself. He was skilled in battle and a true crack-shot, he rose quickly to the rank of Captain and was awarded the Victorian Cross for his service in Helmand during operation Achilles. His service was cut short, however, due to a near fatal shot to the shoulder during battle leading to a medical discharge. Mary's brow furrowed in confusion as she read on.
"Of course!" Sherlock insisted attempting to look innocent.
"John, what the Hell?" Sherlock demanded not able to fully mask the catch of emotion in his voice. Moriarty smiled pleased that Watson was proving to be so useful.
"You're a doctor, an army doctor." He said in a considering voice.
“You’ve long suspected the truth about my vocation for some time. Understood, at least in part, my responsibilities.”
"Well, it's because of your bleeding heart that we're in this mess. If you kept your mouth shut and never mentioned that bloody ritual, then we wouldn't be in this mess." She insisted causing Greg to frown as she tightened her grip on her enchanted blade.
"What?" John asked his confusion only worsened as he recalled one of the captors uttering that phrase before leading him to the cell.
(I shall fear no evil)
The man chuckled dryly. "How rude of me, Sebastian Moran." He elaborated with a wink. "And like I said I have been waiting years for this moment."
“Sherlock, now is not the time for childish hopes and fantasy. Our parents were a bonded Alpha Omega pair. You will present, it is only a matter of when. Their wealth and status allowed them to bribe officials to keep themselves, and by extension, us off the registry.” Sherlock bit his lip at a loss for words because he knew Mycroft spoke the truth.
John raised an eyebrow, but otherwise made no comment. "What tour number is this for you?" Jones asked he looked John over seriously. "Did you get a late start? Career change?"
“I’m sorry, Myc.” Sherlock whispered in a hoarse voice. Mycroft grit his teeth and gently stroked a hand through Sherlock’s soft curls.
"Take a wild guess!" she dared. Her words were slurred and she was unsteady. Greg frowned looking her over. He didn't recognize this woman. Her shoulder length sandy blonde hair was flying everywhere. Her blue eyes burned with fury and her face was flushed red with anger and likely alcohol, he could smell it on her.
Sherlock had looked at her, and for a moment, a naked vulnerability had shone in those changeable otherworldly eyes. Sherlock had schooled his expression quickly, but not quickly enough. It was then that Molly knew that Sherlock's feelings for John Watson ran much deeper than mere friendship. She could never compete. "Molly, are you ok?" Greg asked as he looked at her with concern. "You looked like you were a million miles away just now." He sighed and ran a hand through his silver hair in frustration.
“Mycroft’s intelligence, it’s not nebulous. It’s always specific. Incredibly specific.” Sherlock murmured, as his eyes darted around seemingly unfocused. Drugs? John recalled his own disorientation upon his awakening, but one could never be sure with Sherlock. So John pressed on.
(Blood of Life)
Apologies for the long hiatus. My laptop with all my word files including my outlines crashed and nothing could be recovered. I debated about whether to continue or delete all of my unfinished work as I would have to redo the outlines and rewrite a number of unfinished scenes. I decided to continue writing. I have not purchased a new laptop with a word processor and am writing on my tablet. Please excuse any errors.
"One does what one must. Certain exceptions can be made. Some laws can be overlooked." Mycroft replied completely serious.
A demon attacked attempting to devour her soul, but before it could strike a bright light appeared. An angel appeared from within the light. Greg knew instinctively that it was John and watched in awe as he struck the demon down saving the young girl. What happened next shook Greg to his very core. The Arch Angel Michael appeared and used John's own sword against him. He struck him down burying his sword into his shoulder. This was how John had fallen from grace? Saving an innocent soul? It seemed so unfair and Greg wanted to ask John the reason, but was powerless to do so.
"While I am able to appreciate that the situation that you had found yourself in was far from ideal, it was of your own making, Sherlock. In your haste, you grew careless. Sentiment is clouding your judgment. I grow weary of cleaning up your messes. None of this is ideal, but we had very little to work with and the fact that both you and John are still breathing is, one must surely see, a miracle in no small order. I do not expect your gratitude, but I do expect your cooperation. You know what you need to do."
"Tea?" Molly asked hoping to break the somber mood. Greg nodded with a weary smile. Molly then set off to get the kettle.
John’s eyes fluttered open with a sigh. Replete; at long last. The clawing all consuming hunger was finally satisfied. John frowned as he tried to recall how that had happened. He stared at Sherlock who looked far too pale and shaken to the core. Molly stood beside him looking at him with suspicion in her eyes. What had happened? John closed his eyes once again and it all came crashing back. Turned into something unnameable, a creature which was completely unknown and untested even amongst the supernatural. There was no playbook for what John had become. Even when Greg had performed the ritual nearly draining his holy magic to the point of death trying to save John; it hadn’t been enough. He had turned; John could feel the darkness lurking deep within him. It was quiet now but John could feel it. He focused inward searching for his light recalling that Greg had assured him that it was still present; weakened but still present. John felt it and focused harder in an attempt to summon his holy magic.
"John, please! Don't! He's too weak. You'll kill him." Sherlock begged.
"Should stop once he is back on solids." The other man predicted referring to the diarrhea. "Up!" the man ordered in Pashto and John was hoisted off the stretcher and onto his feet forcing him to stand for the first time since he was placed in the prison. John's knees buckled too weak to hold himself up and he could not hold back a scream as excoriating pain in his hips and pelvis nearly took his breath away. Broken, something must be broken.
“My head aches, my stomach’s upset and I feel a bit warm and lightheaded.” John confessed.
"You tell me?" Mycroft shot back. Rather than answer, John turned away and Mycroft surmised aloud. "You're not haunted by the war, you miss it. Welcome back. Time to choose a side, Dr. Watson." This wasn't over, you may have won the battle, but you haven't won the war. Mycroft thought as he watched him go. He would get to the bottom of this one way or another.
Sherlock
"I know you love it." She insisted.
Sherlock thought of their paternal grandparents. Sherrinford and Sigerson Holmes. Sigerson had been Alpha while Sherrinford had been a rare male Omega. Sherlock thought of their Uncle Rudy. The recessive gene was present in their ancestral line. Father had been Alpha but both of his siblings had been Omegas, Uncle Rudy had been male while Aunt Imogen was female. Neither Sherlock or his brother had ever met her. She had passed away at the tender age of 18 of complications of rheumatoid fever.
John looked up calmly at the man giving away nothing and replied "You seem to have me at a disadvantage, who are you?"
"Surprised you can't deduce it. Let's go." Sherlock looked like he was going to protest at first, but then seemed to change his mind following the woman into the car leaving Greg and John behind.
"British Soldiers. I need to know where the British Soldier's were taken." She insisted as the man writhed beneath her.
"We are never playing that again." John retorted.
"Are you always this forward, or did I just get lucky?" John shot back with a smirk.
"Sherlock, you're not objective. We don't know what John is capable of. I only want to give you all the options. I won't be able to help you any further until I regain my strength and that will take time." Greg replied refusing to look away despite his guilt. "I warned you that it might not work. I warned that it was dangerous not only for John, but for myself as well, but I did it anyway. I did it because you begged me, because you're my friend. I nearly lost my life. You don't have the right to judge me." Sherlock looked away seemingly speechless. Mycroft cleared his throat pointedly as Anthea pulled the ring from her finger and passed it to him allowing Mycroft to slip it on.
(Light in Darkness)
"What is this? A bloody coup? I warned all of you. You went in with your eyes wide opened." Greg replied feeling hurt and abused. He had wanted to help and this was the thanks that he got? So be it. Greg didn't need their help. He twisted Mycroft's ring off his finger and shoved it into Anthea's hand. Once it was gone and Greg's vision tunneled, he realized his mistake too late. "My relic…" He was barely able to get the request out before losing consciousness once again.
"Possible, if he learns the full extent of their involvement, but he's has bigger problems right now. There is still an unknown. Moran. The one thread left in Moriarty's web. If they keep their heads down and mouths shut, he may not go digging. I did warn Molly before she left." Sherlock sighed and Irene could see the guilt in his eyes. "Do you think there's something wrong with me?" Sherlock asked in a voice that was barely above a whisper. Irene took a moment to consider before she answered truthfully.
"I need something stronger than tea," Sherlock insisted. "I need a case!"
"Bloody hell…thank Christ! I've been so worried. It's not like Johnny to be totally unreachable. I've tried calling him countless times since Sherlock's death and it always goes to voicemail, which I have filled up with unanswered messages. Do you know where he is or have a contact number for him?" Greg debated how much to say, but decided to be honest. She more than likely wouldn't get very far with Mycroft, but she was welcome to try.
Sherlock couldn’t suppress a shudder. Doomed. It seemed as though both them were cursed be their very nature. It hadn’t always been this way Sherlock closed his eyes and remembered Mummy’s voice as she wove tales of the past.
"You've come the closest. Now you're in my way. It's over, Sherlock. Daddy's had enough now." Moriarty said in a singsong voice. His face then morphed from mocking to solemn. "Clever you, guessing about Carl Powers. I never liked him. Carl laughed at me, so I stopped him laughing. Too bad the Met wouldn't listen to a minor, you were right you know, he didn't drown. I kept a token. His shoes." He admitted gleefully as he took in the shocked look on the detective's face.
The vision morphed and Greg watched as the angelic grace fell into John Watson who lay dying on the battlefield deep in the desert of Afghanistan. The missing pieces fell into place. Greg knew the rest, army doctor wounded in Afghanistan, medical discharge with a meager pension causing him to look for a flat mate leading him to Sherlock Holmes. The rest was history. The vision faded away and Greg looked once again looked upon John Watson's tattered soul. The darkness seemed so vast and the light so weak, yet Greg could not help but cling to hope. For John Watson had proven more than once that he was nothing if not a survivor. It would be up to him. The darkness was much too strong to banish, it may, however be fought and controlled. There was a chance, albeit a slim one. Greg closed his eyes and slipped out of the plane. When he opened his eyes again he stared into John Watson's eyes, now a mixture of gold and blue. Greg repeated the words that he had whispered into the plane. "Oh, John…it's worth saving." John's eyes filled with tears and pink streaks appeared in their wake. Vampire's cried bloody tears, but John's were a diluted. "You've got to fight, it is too strong to banish, but you can control it. You must control it. The darkness, it's choking your grace, trying to kill it." John hissed in anger with the revelation.
"I'm busy, Donovan. You'll have to make due without me and earn your pay for once." Sherlock snapped. The woman, Donovan, huffed before looking at Greg suspiciously.
"You should quit." Sherlock urged.
John's eyes narrowed in suspicion. Mycroft was up to something. John was sure that he was hiding something, but had no idea what that might be. He was always bollocks at deduction at everything besides medical diagnosis and military strategy, which were both skills that he had honed through years of training and clinical experience. John debated whether to call Mycroft on his bullshit and decided to let it go. If there was one thing that John had learn from living with Sherlock, it was that Mycroft Holmes never gave up information without getting something in return and John had nothing to barter with. So he got to the point, hoping to cut the conversation short and go back to Baker's Street where he still had his gun safely hidden.
She had tried to turn her life around when he came back wounded. Johnny was nearly killed. He came back with a limp and a tremor in addition to PTSD. She had vowed that things would be different, and for a while, they were. She had managed to stay sober and had gotten a steady job then met Clara. She didn't have to burden him anymore. Their relationship had improved and they spoke regularly after that. Harry smiled as she recalled some of the stories Johnny would tell about his mad flatmate Sherlock Holmes. Though she never met him, she felt like she knew him because Johnny talked about him so much. Then the unthinkable happened. Sherlock Holmes jumped to his death in front of her brother's eyes. Harry had tried to call many times afterwards, but he hadn't answered. She hadn't spoken with John since Sherlock had died. Now she needed help again and for the first time in her life her brother wasn't there. Harry sighed unsure what she would do this time.
"Sherlock, I don't think that it was wise to mention the possibility of a werewolf in front of that man." John insisted wondering just what Sherlock was thinking when he agreed to this.
"How did you know, all of it? How?" Molly pressed. The priest moved away up the bank and out of the water to stand beside the other man with a tired sigh. The anger was gone and in its place came guilt and sadness.
Sherlock looked at John out of the corner of his eye while he feigned gazing out of the cab’s window as they made their way back to Baker’s Street. Stony silence filled the cab. Stubborn. John was too bloody stubborn. John had smirked when Sherlock told the cabbie the address. “Rather obvious. First place your brother will look.” John reminded him pointedly. “I’d rather avoid him for a while longer.” Sherlock sighed before replying.
"John's reenlisted. He was stationed Afghanistan, his last known location was Kandahar, before his troop went MIA during an ambush by ISIS. No body was retrieved. I have to know what happened. I have to know if he is dead or alive." Sherlock explained as his throat tightened with emotion. "I always assumed that love was a dangerous disadvantage, chemical defect, human error. Thank you for the final proof." Sherlock murmured softly to himself.
Irene Adler
London
“Watson!” John ignored the call from the sideline and plowed across the rugby field as the ball was passed to him. He grounded the ball in-goal, awarding a try to the team. His teammates whooped. “Time! Watson!” This time John turned recognizing the voice of his coach who was waving from the sideline. John trotted over his good mood sinking as he took in the frown on his coach’s face.
"I knew you'd talk to the people know one else would bother with." Sherlock admitted. While Irene gathered her intel in the bedrooms of powerful men, Sherlock had been leaving a trail of breadcrumbs throughout Kandahar hoping to catch a lead. It now appeared that his efforts had paid off.
Greg took a deep inhale on the cigarette in an attempt to calm his shattered nerves. He still couldn't believe that he had gone through with it. The ritual had been a last ditch effort and it hadn't worked as anticipated. Greg may have unknowingly made things worse. The darkness in John remained and was fighting against the light. It was dangerous to allow John to live, yet Greg had seen the light in him and couldn't bring himself to lose hope. Greg was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of Anthea clearing her throat pointedly with questioning look in his direction. Greg merely raised an eyebrow in response. He was determined to give Sherlock and John a fighting chance and if Anthea had her way John would have been staked before the ritual had even begun.
London
Greg sighed unsure of how to answer, because, frankly, he wasn't sure. "I strengthened his grace, but it may not be enough, as to what he has become, something powerful which none of us has ever encountered before." Greg admitted. His eyes moved to John and he didn't know where to start. The relic couldn't stop the hunger indefinitely. It would be up to John. "He needs to feed. No amount of magic can change that fact. My relic, it merely bought us a bit of time. I had hoped that the ritual would prevent him from turning completely, but it didn't. What it did do was stop him from falling completely to the darkness. There is still light in him as well as angelic grace. It is what has kept him in control thus far. I loathe to say this, especially after all of this effort, but it may be kinder to…" Greg trailed off unable to go on as he looked at John.
"You'll have to go through me first." Sherlock threatened standing over John's prone form. His eyes shifted eerily in the candle light, for a moment Greg caught a glimpse of natural magic in them. It was proof of what Greg and many others had long suspected, Fay blood ran through the Holmes line. This was the first time Greg had seen any hint of natural magic in Sherlock, and Greg could not help but admire his control. Anthea frowned deeply seemingly caught off guard by Sherlock's display. The crystals on her earrings and necklace glowed softly in the candle lit cathedral, magical talismans which amplified her own natural magic.
"I have an in. Just leave it to me." Sherlock answered looking smug. John attempted to get him to elaborate on the drive but hadn't gotten anywhere. Instead, John had attempted to turn the conversation to Greg.
(The stars incline us, but they do not bind us)
“What do you mean?” Sherlock squinted and waved his hand as his whole body swayed slightly.
"This is a turn up, isn't Sherlock?" John's disembodied voice echoed through the empty room. The shocked look on the detective's face was priceless
Now was the time to press him. He wasn't thinking of anything besides getting to completion and he would speak without thinking. Irene gripped his erection tightly, effectively halting his orgasm momentarily. "The POW camps, where are they?" She demanded.
"Oddly enough, no." The man answered sharply.
Sherlock groaned and then exclaimed. "Mrs. Hudson! My secret supply what have you done with it? My cigarettes." Mrs. Hudson came up to the flat quickly looking annoyed but unsurprised by Sherlock's actions.
"What do you think, Sherlock?" John prompted although John already had a good idea of what creature had caused the man's untimely death.
"Expecting someone?" John asked poking his head out of the kitchen.
Deo Gratias
The teen broke his silence looking right at John. “I’m not the one you need to worry about. Moriarty and Moran. Those two are bloody dangerous, even on suppressants. They keep bouncing between group homes and junvie.”
"You're a long way from a graveyard, don't even think of trying to conjure the dead." The priest warned. Molly bucked and fought, but the man's grip was ironclad. How had he known? Most humans were blind to the supernatural. "I wonder how you would fair in a church with all the relics and crosses." He murmured causing Molly to shudder in horrid anticipation. He then bent down and retrieved a palm full of water and then recited "Asperges me, Domine et mundabor; lavabis me, et super nivem dealbabor." Molly understood Latin and the meaning was not lost on her. Thou shalt sprinkle me, O Lord and I shall be cleansed; thou shall wash me and I shall become whiter than snow. He was blessing the water. Holy water would burn her.
"I'd have to be to work with you." He retorted causing Sherlock to grin.
Present Day
“Do I even want to know?” Sherlock couldn’t hide his smirk.
The sand was everywhere. John coughed into his elbow and squinted. He heard Colonel Sholto over the radio ordering him to report. Before John could answer, the sound of one of his soldiers groaning after another round of gunfire caught his attention, McKay. First tour, only 24 years old. He clutched his chest before falling lifeless to the ground. John felt the rage building. He channeled that anger and let it fuel him without allowing it to control him. They would pay for that. John sighted the enemy, aimed, and pulled the trigger. He shot to kill and felt an almost sick sense of satisfaction as he watched their bodies drop one by one to the ground. John sighed once he heard the tell tale click of an empty magazine. He took comfort in the fact at that at least he had managed to take out 10 enemy soldiers, but it hadn't been enough. It seemed as though nothing he ever did was enough. John froze and dropped to his knees when he felt the metal barrel of a gun dig into his neck with a hard shove. He met the man's gaze coldly. This, it seemed, was it. He was about to meet his end.
Chapter 6
Mycroft looked up as an alert sounded on his phone. Someone had used his ID to access Baskerville. Mycroft knew that there could only be one person responsible, his brother. He placed a call to the facility asking them to escort Sherlock to Diogenes. The creak of the door caught his attention and Anthea slipped in. She took one look at his face and frowned knowing that something was amiss. "What happened?" She asked.
Status?
He will never hurt you.
Igitur qui desiderat pacem, praeparet bellum
"Yes, I told him today. He was not pleased. I fear that he may abandon the mission. I rarely regret my choices but fear that this time I made the wrong one." Mycroft admitted. Greg could only imagine how badly that conversation must have gone. He did not envy Mycroft.
"How did you see me, when both of you are human?" She asked rubbing her sore wrists.
"Gregory Lestrade is a paradox. He was when I met him and still is to this day." John raised an eyebrow prompting Sherlock to continue. "So are you John." Sherlock's eyes bore into his for a moment and John squirmed. "You're hiding something. No human could possibly know the things that you do."
(As it was in the beginning)
Sometimes Sherlock gets the impression that he's said something, something important, but he can never quite remember what. Eventually the sounds of Mycroft's tears fade away and Sherlock falls asleep to the sound of his breathing. The pressure of his back expanding against his chest with the movement of his lungs is the last thing Sherlock can remember before the memory dissipates and he is left with only a handful of memory and the dim, dusty light from his flashlight.
Sherlock
"Yes. John? Captain John Watson? Is that you?" Murray asked in disbelief. John nodded obviously still in shock. Murray's eyes swept over him critically taking in John's haggard appearance. He was unsurprised at his current state of ill health. His blonde hair was filthy, his complexion pale and his cheekbones and ribs stood out starkly from his emaciated frame. He was unsteady and his speech slurred ever so slightly, clear evidence that he drugs in his system had yet to be fully metabolized.
"Any good?" Sherlock continued gently probing.
Rudolph scoffed. “Certainly not! You know me better than that. What have your parents told you regarding courtship?” Mycroft couldn’t hold back a laugh.
"You're next." The man predicted as with a scornful glance in John's direction before Murray was forced deeper into the bowels of the prison and out of sight leaving John alone feeling helpless and nearly hopeless.
Report!
"This is losing." He whispered in a hoarse voice. "I have to find him." Irene nodded, unwilling to press any further. Irene then moved towards him and whispered in his ear.
"You machine! After everything we've been through, you really don't care?" Greg had rubbed his hands over his eyes in frustration hearing Sherlock's reply but not seeing his face.
Irene smelt the brimstone as the portal opened and as she was pulled through her gaze drifted back to John Watson. He stood behind the hunter and the priest now hidden in the shadows. With the priest's holy magic peaking, there was now a glowing aura surrounding Watson in the shape of wings. Before she could contemplate the meaning of them, the portal closed disappearing and with it the so did the strange aura surrounding John Watson.
“You comprehend a wrong action if, under certain circumstances, it might have been the right action. But an action you regard as wrong under all circumstances is incomprehensible.” Mycroft clarified.
"Aye, notoriously stubborn and hard to train they are, but not Toby. He's the best of the best. Made it through all the required training. He's the best tracker there is. He can do just about anything, search and rescue, drug detection, bomb sniffing. Hell, he even track cadavers for body retrieval." Jones admitted as he gave Toby a scratch behind the ears.
Sherlock cut the call and squeezed the phone in frustration. His worst fears were coming to pass. After taking a few deep breaths, he dialed again. "Sherlock?" Molly Hooper's voice wavered uncertainly.
“How did you find me?” John cut him off abruptly leaving Sherlock speechless with the sudden change of subject, his head pounded and he felt dizzy as John took in his gaunt appearance.
Sherlock pulled the vial from his pocket and drank quickly. The bitter taste exploded in his mouth, but the healing effect was instantaneous. The panacea was a product of years of trial and error. Though few knew it, Sherlock was quite an accomplished alchemist. The flesh wound began to mend and the dizziness and disorientation lessened. John, oh God. Sherlock ran to his still form. His body lay supine on the cool tile beside the pool. His lips were stained with blood and puncture wounds from the vampire's fangs had already healed leaving two small scars. Sherlock felt for a pulse and the slow irregular heartbeat incompatible with life was present. Turning, John was turning and by sunset tomorrow he would be a fully turned vampire.
Sherlock squinted and groaned and then his eyes slipped shut once more. Oh bloody hell. No, not on. John thought. “Wake up!” John shouted and proceeded to give Sherlock a hard sternal rub, finally fully rosing him. He blinked and looked around before his eyes finally settled on John.
Mycroft hissed as his anger flared. “You think I don’t know that? You think I didn’t spend the days contemplating the magnitude of my failure?”
Molly looked at the doctor taking in his exasperated expression. She could relate. Sherlock played by his own rules and could be very difficult to work with. The question that Molly had, however, was how this human was granted access to Sherlock's supernatural cases. He held those close to the vest.
"What?" Greg asked in a voice that wavered with emotion. Father sighed and rather than answer he pulled a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from inside his cassock and lit up taking a deep drag. After a moment of surprise at the sight of Father smoking, Greg felt his anger building, not at Father, the man had done his best, but at the thing that had killed his mother, leaving him alone in the world without a single relative left, both of his grandparents were dead and he was an only child. He had to know what that thing was. He had to know if his suspicions were true.
Greg felt a chill run down his spine as he watched the news footage. There were now four dead priests in four nights each from a different church. There was no sign of traumatic injury and the bodies were being examined to discover the cause of death. Greg knew deep in his bones that this was no coincidence. Something dark was afoot. Greg debated his next move. He was not well known amongst the priesthood. His order was small and secretive. He was currently housed in Westminster's rectory, although he did not perform the traditional duties of a parish priest. He did not say mass routinely, or hear confessions. Greg couldn't remember the last time that he had performed a wedding or baptism. Few in the large congregation would recognize his face and even fewer knew his name. It was safer that way. He was busy hunting the darkness using his talents in other ways. He performed blessings, just not the traditional kind. He routinely performed exorcisms as well as last rites.
“Bloody hell! You’re presenting. Fully blown rut.” The doctor picked up the bedside phone and punched in a code. The overhead speaker came to life.
Sherlock was ripped from his thoughts once again by a familiar voice. The language was Serbian, but that voice was unmistakable. Mycroft. Sherlock forced his eyes opened and could just barely make out the blurry form of his brother in full disguise, nearly unrecognizable. Sherlock felt a brief flaring of surprise and begrudging approval at his brother's actions. Mycroft had finally gotten off his fat arse and gotten his hands dirty, albeit delayed. "Sherlock, you had one job, you know that I despise legwork." Sherlock groaned as he was roughly pulled up and dragged out of the prison.
Murray
"Over a hundred prisoners in this camp alone, with more than double that number of captors." Murray clarified in a soft murmur. "John…Something's going on here, something sinister. This is more than first meets the eye." Murray continued leaving John looking confused.
"Why not?" Sherlock replied sounding distracted.
“Mike, shut it! It’s his first day. Let him get settled. Lay off the third degree. Sorry, Watson, as you may have noticed he has no filter.” Bill said with a sigh. John was beginning to like him more by the minute.
Mycroft
“When an Alpha wishes to begin courting an Omega, traditionally he asks permission by offering a gift. It starts with a small token of affection. A gift with a personal touch. If the Omega accepts, the courting begins.” Mummy told Sherlock as she attempted to lull the small boy to sleep.
"Not one of yours, I'll bet." She quipped. Mycroft shook his head with a sneer.
(Either find a way or make one)
In its place, he finds a rather curious fact. No matter how loud he screamed or how many schools he managed to get expelled from, he has no memory of ever having heard Mycroft excuse himself with a migraine. The words are always their father’s. Somewhere along the timeline, the migraines simply disappear, along with Mycroft’s insomnia. Your own sleep patterns never normalize, but Sherlock has picked enough locks to know that Mycroft sleeps through the night, every night.
Sherlock leaves his memories as they are, scattered, and lock the door behind him. The key slides out of the knob and melts into the background. He takes one more moment to sever the threads which led inside the Shadow Room, cutting until he feels nothing, not even the satisfaction of a case solved before everything fades away.
"Greg, do you know this woman?" Molly asked sounding quite angry herself. Greg shook his head in denial, but before he could get another word out the woman turned on Molly.
"He has a death wish." Molly stated bluntly referring to Greg. "He could have been driven mad or killed pulling a stunt like that. You owe him Sherlock. Both you and John."
“They couldn’t help themselves. They were bonded. If not for the 5 miscarriages between us, they would have had more. Mummy only stopped after she hemorrhaged requiring a hysterectomy right after you were delivered.”
Sherlock smiled and pulled something from around his neck handing it to John. John looked down at the necklace. It was a small stone carving in the shape of the Eye of Ra. A protective ward, John slipped it around his neck with a nod of thanks. "One more thing, John." Sherlock insisted. He then pulled something from his pocket and placed it into John's hand. "For your Browning." John looked down and three silver bullets lay in his hand. John shook his head in awe of both Sherlock's deductive skill and his gull.
"Death waits for us all in Samara, but can Samara be avoided?" Sherlock probed. Mycroft sighed before he replied.
"Watch it, lady." Greg warned in a no nonsense tone stepping in front of Molly.
Mycroft watched unsurprised as Lestrade lost consciousness. The ring had been the only thing keeping him going and when he took it off he had lost his battle. Mycroft knew that the priest needed his relic, but he dreaded what would happen when he removed it from John's neck. "I'll do it." Sherlock said and approached John before Mycroft could protest. Sherlock pulled the relic from John's neck and placed it around Lestrade's. The relic glowed softly and the light infused into the priest's body, but he still did not wake. The same could not be said for John, however. John groaned and began to stir. Mycroft once again tightened his grip in his wand preparing to strike. His brother may never forgive him, but he couldn't take the chance. John Watson was too dangerous. Lestrade had confirmed what he had suspected. John's eyes shifted to a golden hue and blinked at him almost in askance before closing as John's aura pulsed with power. Warded symbols appeared etching themselves across his bare torso. Mycroft stiffened at the sight. He had never seen such a thing. He was unsure of their origin; whether they were light or dark, but one thing was certain; they were powerful. He would need all of his strength for this.
There was a woman sitting in the back seat typing quickly on a blackberry. She was lovely with chestnut hair and light golden brown eyes with full lips and a pert nose. She was dressed professionally and didn't even look at him as he sat down and studied her carefully. She looked perfectly human, but she wasn't. There was a magical aura surrounding her that only a few were able to recognize. Witch, what's more, a natural witch rather than a self taught human. Her power came from within rather than from spells. Witches, like mages, ran the spectrum, they could be light, dark or fall somewhere in between. "Hello, what's your name, then?" John asked trying to get a feel for her.
"I suppose that was a fairly obvious trick and you're about to find out. It all comes back to you. What was it that he said? Oh, yes. I remember. 'I'll burn you, I'll burn the heart out of you.'" Sherlock blanched in shock as she repeated Moriarty's words from the pool. How had she known? Of course, it had to be Moran. He was missing link, the final thread.
"I don't know. They are spread out." The man replied. Bloody hell. She had not come this far only to hit another dead end. She pressed on.
Mycroft was silent allowing Greg to dig himself even further into a hole, wearing a perfect poker face. Greg knew he needed to tread carefully. “I still don’t think that’s right.”
"Of course, John. I also truly do consult with the Met on some of their more difficult cases despite their lack of adequate personnel. Donovan and Anderson are idiots in the greatest sense of the word and their superior DI Tobias Gregson is only marginally better. Although he is the smartest of the Scotland Yarder's, but that's really not saying much." He said before John could ask for clarification. Sherlock then changed the subject quickly. "Any requests?" John raised an eyebrow sure that the man was bluffing and deciding to call him on it. He thought for a moment before announcing his request. John was not a classically trained musician, but one couldn't go through higher levels of education and completely avoid the arts.
Sherlock had gone to investigate a haunted house. Poltergeists often attached themselves to locations. Anyone who stepped into what they deemed to be their territory was likely to become a victim. Greg could still see Sherlock fighting as the poltergeist had attempted to feed on his soul. While not able to fully possess a human like a demon, poltergeists could still cause irreparable harm, draining a soul of it's light until there was nothing left but an empty husk. This left the victim catatonic. That night had nearly killed both of them. When Greg had opened a portal to banish the poltergeist another had nearly slipped through. It had taken every bit of Greg's power to force them both back into the afterlife. Greg could still remember the fear and relief that he had felt as he realized how close they had both come to ruin. Greg could still see the look of shock and shame on Sherlock's face after it was done. Greg had briefly felt a bit of pride at having kept something secret from the great Sherlock Holmes, but that feeling had vanished when Sherlock had opened his mouth.
"Not at the moment," Mycroft answered contemplating how to handle his brother. "That may change, however. I don't want Sherlock getting sloppy. He must keep his mind on the mission and not on Dr. Watson."
Alea iacta est
"No…Please…Greg. I can't. Isn't there something, anything, which you could try? If it doesn't work, then Mycroft will do it. You have my word." Sherlock pleaded.
"Flatmates? I don't know anything about you. I don't even your name." John complained with a huff.
"How many?" John asked as he tried to take it all in. He rubbed his eyes and shook his head obviously trying to shake off the lingering effects of the sedatives.
"Don't even try it." Greg warned feeling his blood pressure skyrocket. She had some nerve. "I am more capable than you know."  Anthea frowned as Greg's holy magic overpowered her own effectively shielding him from any spells.
There is little reason to stay but something makes him twist the long, brass key he keeps stuck in the doorknob of the Shadow Room. The room is cold, as it always is, and unlit. From his pocket, he pulls out a torch to light the way to the small chest of drawers that sits in the center.
"You were dead on my slab at Bart's. Sherlock identified you. How?" Molly stammered unable to get over the shock of seeing Irene alive and sitting next to Sherlock in this market in Afghanistan. Before she could answer, Sherlock cut her off. The woman merely cocked an eyebrow at her and remained silent.
Molly Hooper
Aeternum
"Keep your head up, Watson." John murmured to himself focusing his attention back to the task at hand.
"Don't worry, Bill. Though it's been a few years, I still have my skills as you saw during the drills. I'll be fine, this isn't my first time in combat and it won't be my last." John said with a wink of his own trying to assuage some of Bill's worry. Bill looked at him seriously before answering.
Chapter 28
"Sorry about that, mate, but I had to be sure." Greg begrudgingly apologized. The man glared at him as he wiped the water off of his face.
John was pulled abruptly from his thoughts by an unfamiliar voice. "You looked as if you were a million miles away. Don't let Major Sholto catch you staring off into space like that." John's eyes flickered over the man's insignia noting that he was a lower ranking officer, Lieutenant, before moving up to meet the speaker's eyes. He was tall and broad shouldered with hair as dark as Sherlock's with dark brown eyes. He was accompanied by a large bloodhound that stood stoically by his side. John frowned as he took in the animal. It wasn't that fact that the officer was a handler, service dogs were often used throughout the regiments, it was the breed that took him by surprise. Most war dogs were shepherds. Bloodhounds, though unmatched by another breed in terms of tracking ability because of their superior sense of smell, had a reputation for being stubborn and easily distractible, making them very hard to train; and those traits were undesirable in service animals. "Name's Jones, Lt. Peter Jones." He introduced himself and then gestured to the dog. "This is Toby." The dog's tail wagged when he heard his name and his tongue lulled out as he started to pant. He then went on to say. "I see that we'll be serving together. Have you met Major Sholto yet?"
"Wouldn't kill you to take one for the team for once. I know Mycroft can be a condescending ass, but he is not as you seem to believe the embodiment of evil." Greg insisted with a wink allowing a teasing note to enter his tone. Sherlock only scoffed in reply. John watched the two of them banter feeling relieved that whatever wedge had been driven between them now appeared to be forgotten. The sound of a siren broke the banter and the panda car came to a halt and a woman stepped out.
"Do you recognize the runes?" Greg asked. "I couldn't place them. They aren't of Egyptian, Mayan, Aramaic, Greek or Roman origin." Sherlock frowned deeply and shook his head.
Greg Lestrade
Mycroft pulled out his mobile from his pocket and placed a call. Unlike Sherlock, he despised texting. Anthea would not be left behind this time. After Mycroft had gone undercover to extract Sherlock from the Serbian prison without informing her, she had warned him that if he ever tried a stunt like that again, it would be his last. Mycroft was not inclined to test her. She had become indispensable personally and professionally and Mycroft had no desire to chance losing her. When she answered the phone he simply stated  "Prepare for retrieval."
"Will do." Greg promised.
"Meet me in Samara." He was looking at his phone with a deep frown on his face. "What the bloody hell does that mean? It's from an unknown number." Molly frowned and bit her lip in frustration. There was only one person that the text could be from, Sherlock. That meant that he knew that Greg was with her. Molly had hoped that she would be able to keep that fact a secret. She should have known better. There were no keeping secrets from Sherlock Holmes.
Caught in the Web
"Sherlock! How could you…" Greg sputtered furiously.
Martha Hudson hummed softly as she placed the chicken bones into the satchel completing the gris-gris charm. She refreshed the lines of salt along the door and window frames in order to ward off evil. Sherlock had his own protective wards including charms and runes, but one more couldn't hurt. She slipped the satchel under the skull on the mantel and nearly fell backwards when a small sprite appeared from inside it. "Bollocks!" She exclaimed. "How did you get in here?" She recognized this one. Sherlock and the fairy had an arrangement. The fairy traded information for various odds and ends that Sherlock was able to provide. She didn't know its name, but that was no surprise as to the Fay, there was great power in ones true name.
Lost. He is lost within his own mind; a prison without walls, yet just as inescapable. Sherlock wanders within his mind palace; so deep within it that he comes upon things which he has long forgotten. The drugs pull him in and out, but sometimes he falls so far that he becomes lost. Trapped deeply in his own mind; a prison of his own making. Agitation makes him wander aimlessly down corridors he rarely bothers to explore, as evidenced by the bare white walls and the scant few threads that follow as he walks past room after room, until he reaches the outermost edge of his map. Behind these doors he houses his ugliest feelings, most hateful moments---everything that he kept not for pleasure or utility but for illustration. These are his  weaknesses and failures, meticulously catalogued to remind him that he is only a man and that he, too, makes mistakes. Memories appear and images flicker. John’s voice echoes in his head “You machine! Friends protect people.” Sherlock flinches as he recalls his retort.
The man paid him no mind and continued to get closer craning his neck to more closely examine the scene but still standing just outside the crime scene barrier. His eyes moved rapidly around the area as he took everything seemingly at lightening speed. He then looked Greg in the eye confidently then spoke in a rich baritone that belied his youthful appearance. "Murderer was a right handed male between the height of 5'8-5'10, sloppy, likely a crime of passion and therefore he knew the victim. Begin with the lovers, close friends and family."
Mummy had taught him to play; told him that he had the hands for it. First, she taught him the science of it: the way the vibration will travel through the bridge and sound post to the body of the violin, radiating the sound into the surrounding air. She told him that the playing tension of a violin string ranged from about 9 lbf to 20 lbf.
Sherlock
Within the Web
"Appointment in Samara, the merchant who can't outrun death. You always hated that story as a child." Mycroft replied sounding perplexed.
"This is a lost cause and we all know it, Sherlock. As badly as we all feel about what happened to John, it's reckless to ask Lestrade to do this. It's putting him in grave danger. End it now, before it goes any further. If you don't want to do it, I will." She said as she held up the stake and hammer. The athame blade tucked into her belt shimmered in the candlelight. Greg was glad that she had the foresight to bring it; it was a powerful weapon, which only a natural witch could harness. The blades were often used in pagan rituals and Greg could see that this one was strongly enchanted.
"You bet your ass I want it! I demand to know what the hell is happening with my brother!" She snapped. Greg bit his lip hoping that he hadn't made a grave mistake in even offering it to her. She was libel to get herself into deep shit if she dug too deeply.
"New Scotland Yard." He said and the cabbie nodded in acknowledgement
"It's too late Sherlock. He's turning. We simply cannot allow this to happen. Can you imagine what he will rise as? Something more than a mere vampire, something dark and very powerful, of that, I am certain. He's already gone. But that's the deceased for you, late in every sense of the word." Mycroft quipped.
“You don’t understand cruelty.” Mycroft stated in a voice which gave nothing away.
Bill's expression hardened. "Captain!" He hissed out the word angrily forcing John to look up and finally meet his eyes. He then continued in a much gentler voice. "Don't ever think that no one cares. I know for a fact that every recruit that has worked with you in the last 14 weeks would attest to that, myself included." John felt his throat tighten, and rather than risk his voice wavering, he simply nodded in acknowledgement.
Not likely, he thought. He'd never begged for mercy in his life and was not about to start now. She didn't realize that he was a median and the irony of her own words. She was the one that had killed the priests. But why? Succubi and incubi rarely fed to the point of killing their victims. It was unnecessary and counter productive. Greg swallowed and tried to speak but the demon's spell had been cast leaving him helpless. It didn't make sense, there were runes carved into the walls. They should have stopped her. Something had gone wrong. Greg cursed himself for not wearing his ward to sleep. "He didn't even ask for anything, just likes to cause trouble. Now that's my kind of man." She gloated as she straddled him. Jim Moriarty. The name meant nothing to Greg. What was he missing? Sherlock, it came down to Sherlock.
John's head snapped up as the sound of footsteps approached. The door creaked opened and Molly Hooper appeared with a blood bag in hand looking very wary. John could hardly blame her. He tilted his head as he gazed at her puzzled by the strange aura surrounding her. It was different from any that he had seen since he was turned. Greg's was a cool blue infused with holy magic and light, while Mycroft's was a soft green simmering with his natural and self-taught magic. Sherlock's was a brilliant gold a mixture of his magic, knowledge and experience. Anthea's was soft lavender, feminine and magical. Molly's was a dark brown, muted and lack luster. John wasn't sure what make of that. John wished he could gaze upon his own aura, but his reflection was gone along with so many other things that were stripped from him when he turned.
Sebastian Moran
Back from the Other Side
"Irrelevant." Molly huffed not about to give up. She needed to know what she was getting into.
"I always here punch me in the face when you're speaking, but it's usually subtext." John said still unsure if Sherlock was joking.
“What next?” Sherlock asked.
"Stay where you are. I'll come collect you, then we can go from there." Mycroft ordered cutting the call. Sherlock took a deep shuddering breath. He closed his eyes and slipped deep into his mind palace shifting quickly through every piece of myth and lore on vampires that he had gathered in his many years of hunting. Nothing, there was nothing to stop this. Over, it was over. Then something Moriarty had said made him pause. Fallen. Sherlock had assumed that he was speaking metaphorically, simply a bit of taunting soliloquy, but what if the vampire had been serious? Sherlock needed to know. He stripped John of his jacket and that hateful explosive filled vest, then of his shirt exposing his bare chest. His eyes were immediately drawn to the scar on his left shoulder shaped in a distinctive starburst pattern. He turned John over carefully in order to expose his back and he could not hold back the startled gasp that escaped.
"An enemy?" John questioned.
"Take her home." Sherlock said into his mobile. "Don't bother denying it I know you're here with her. Take her home Lestrade. You are both in over your head."
“You’re telling me how I feel, again.” Greg accused. The man always thought he knew best.
"Interested in Sherlock? Why?" John insisted. "I'm guessing you're not friends."
Rather than answer, he raised an eyebrow with a smirk. Mycroft frowned feeling his annoyance grow at the number of unanswered questions regarding this man. He would have to dig a bit deeper, but first Sherlock needed to be dealt with. Sherlock's gaze had drifted to Anthea. She looked at him innocently as she toyed with her crystal necklace. "I find it ironic that you asked John about a happy announcement when it should be me asking about the two of you." Sherlock replied causing Mycroft to sneer. His brother was baiting him. "Don't deny it. I've known for a while and was planning on using it for leverage, if needed."
"I need your help. I don't have much time." Sherlock pleaded.
"No you won't, my thrall, Moran, is a sharpshooter and he has his sights set on you. A silver bullet will only slow me down, not kill me. You, on the other hand, well, humans are so fragile. I could kill you, but I want you to suffer. I'll burn you. I'll burn the heart out of you." Moriarty threatened.
"Sherlock, did Gregory offer any guarantee of success?" Mycroft asked. Sherlock shook his head unable to meet Mycroft's gaze. Mycroft sighed wearily as he took in his brother's haunted face. He would go along with this, but only on one condition. "I was there for you before and I'll be there for you again, but I need your word that you'll let me end this if things go south." Sherlock nodded numbly. "Let's go." Mycroft said with a glance at Anthea who looked fit to be tied but held her tongue. Mycroft mouthed thank you and she nodded looking as hopeless as Mycroft felt.
Anthea
“I’ll never bond and neither should you.” Sherlock insisted. His nose wrinkled as distressed pheromones saturated the air which were so strong that even his unpresented senses could scent them. Mycroft’s scent and pheromones had become much more potent after he had presented as Alpha a year and a half ago. Even the black market suppressants couldn’t mute them entirely.
Sherlock took a steadying breath before replying. He was walking a tightrope and one misstep would result in him falling. The thought took him back to the rooftop of Bart's and Sherlock could not repress a shudder. Moriarty's taunts echoed in his mind. "Fallings just like flying except there's a more permanent destination. But it's not the fall that kills you; it's the landing." Mary cleared her throat pulling him back to the present.
"One week. I'll give him one week and then I'll tell him." Mycroft promised hoping that he would live to regret his choice.
“Moran, the agent in Mycroft’s report, she was working for Moran. It was me all along, you were the lure, forgive me.” Sherlock begged in a hoarse whisper. “I was wrong. Sentiment is not a chemical defect found in the losing side, I care for you, I think I love you but I’ve never been in love before and I don’t know how it feels.”
(Through my Fault)
From the evening following the shooting of the cab driver, Mycroft critically assessed that John’s appearance in Sherlock’s life was a positive turn of events. For the first time in his adult life, Sherlock seemed to stabilise, his danger nights becoming less and less frequent, settling with vigour into solving crimes and proving himself genuinely rather useful. His domestic arrangement with John appeared to be the source of this steadying force, and Mycroft cautiously allowed himself to approve, though he never would have said it. While he continued to dislike John and John’s sneering bare-tolerance for him in return, he could see that what they had in common was a shared concern for Sherlock’s welfare. John could be reasonably relied upon to give updates on Sherlock’s condition, albeit reluctantly – though if he considered Mycroft’s request for specific information a step over certain lines regarding Sherlock’s privacy, he never hesitated to retort with a statement on what Mycroft could feel free to do with said request. Which was, again, both infuriating as well as privately satisfying. If John wanted to insinuate himself that deeply into Sherlock’s personal life, then he’d damned well better have Sherlock’s best interests at heart.
"Sherlock's alive." Molly whispered causing both Greg and Harriet's jaws to drop in shock.
The man smirked and replied. "Deduction. How do you feel about the violin? Sometimes I don't talk for days? Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other. "
“To do what? Pass judgment?” Mycroft goaded.
He was tall and lean with raven curls. The man had been beating a corpse with a riding crop. When John first saw him, it left him wondering what the hell was going on. He had been shocked silent at the scene before his eyes. The whistle and snap of the riding crop against the dead flesh was the only thing breaking the silence. He had paused and turned to Molly with a request, which sounded more like an order. "Text me what bruises form within the next twenty minutes the man's alibi depends on it." The pathologist had nodded looking a bit put off at the tone.
"Not often you see a blood hound amongst the ranks." John said evasively. The man's smile widened as he looked down at his charge.
Major James Sholto skimmed the names under his command. Most were new recruits, but there were two experienced officers lumped in with the rest, a Lt. Peter Jones and Capt. John Watson. Sholto racked his memory, but neither name rings a bell. He had pulled the files on both men and was surprised to find that the Captain was a former RAMC physician, but there was not much else mentioned. Why would a physician enlist as a full combatant? The file was extremely thin for a man of his age and Sholto would bet his bottom dollar that the information had been redacted. He made up his mind then and there to watch the man closely. The other, Lt. Jones was beginning his third tour, however it would be his first time serving in Afghanistan. He was trained as a handler and would be serving with his bloodhound Toby.
Initially, John had been distracted. He had been taken by surprise when he first met Dr. Molly Hooper, the pathologist who led them down to the morgue. Necromancer, despite that, John sensed no darkness in her, which was most unusual. Necromancers, for the most part were dark, but not always, so it seemed. The bit of grace that remained in John allowed him to see what most others could not, the supernatural creatures, both light and dark, which roamed the earth. It was just enough to give him the sight, but not so much that it rendered him unable to pass as human to other supernatural beings. Before John could contemplate what to make of her, his eyes shifted to the man in the room.
"Madame, calm down. Who are you and how did you get in here?" Greg said bracing for an altercation.
“Practically nothing, Uncle. Mummy mentioned a few basic concepts in passing but it doesn’t matter. No one courts anymore; the rituals are dying if not already dead. Omegas are either locked away by the government or trafficked.”
She had learned the art of Voodoo when she was married to her first husband in America when they had lived deep in the heart of the Louisiana bayou. She smiled as she recalled meeting the Voodoo queen, Madame Yvette. In exchange for a fee, she had been willing to teach Martha everything she knew and it had served her well. When her drug trafficking husband became abusive, she had made him pay. The doll was still buried deep in the swamp with his body before the gators had gotten to it. She moved to Florida shortly after and remarried. When that marriage went down in flames and her second husband was arrested, she had gone back to England before suspicion built where she used the drug money from her first marriage to buy the building on Baker's Street. When Sherlock Holmes had ensured her husbands conviction she had been so pleased. She swore off relationships and settled down in London offering Sherlock the flat to show her appreciation.
"Giardia, cholerae, salmonella, typhoid, and amebic dysentery, just to name a few." Molly quipped in reply causing Sherlock to laugh and Lestrade to groan.
Sherlock sighed looking unsurprised at the request. "Always Bach, very well." He then picked up the violin placing it under his chin and adjusting his fingering before drawing the bow along the strings. John let out a breath as Sherlock played flawlessly purely from memory without the aid of sheet music. It was obviously a minor chord with a dark tone and technically difficult. John closed his eyes and simply enjoyed its beauty. Before he knew it, the piece was over and Sherlock's smooth baritone announced, "Partita No. 2 in D minor: Allemande."
“Why Uncle Rudy? Wouldn’t Mummy have been a better choice?” Mycroft’s eyes snapped open and Sherlock stepped back as he saw the anger mixed with guilt and frustration lurking in his expression.
The bell chimed as he entered Angelo's restaurant. The smell of fresh pasta and garlic filled the air. The checkered tablecloths and squeaky wooden floors were familiar, almost comfortingly so. I should bring John here, Sherlock thought as he caught sight of the establishment's owner. Angelo grinned widely and quickly made his way over. "Sherlock, so good to see you, my friend. Have a seat, anything on the menu, on the house!" He proclaimed slapping Sherlock on the back. Sherlock put on his best smile. He really did like Angelo, but the man could be unbearably long winded and Sherlock hadn't come to chat. Toby loved Angelo's garlic rolls and was capable of sniffing them out from miles away. They would be the perfect tools to lure the hound back to Baker's Street.
Poltergeist. Dark spirits. They were extremely tricky. Sherlock should have come to him, but for whatever reason, he had decided to go after it alone. Spirits were immune to spells and wards, but not impervious to certain rituals. They could be forced back into the afterlife and out of limbo, but few would go willingly. Greg respected the hunter greatly, but there were some things that Sherlock just wasn't capable of. Banishing a poltergeist was one of them. It took a very strong median. Greg just happened to be one. Greg's great grandmother had the sight. She was a Romani gypsy, who fell in love and married a Frenchman. Though his parents never said a word, Greg always suspected that his father was clairvoyant. He always chalked his eerie instincts up to luck or a simple "gut feeling" but Greg always suspected that it was more than that. He would never know for certain. His father had died when he was a teenager, just a year before his mother was killed.
"Keep your eyes and ears opened, Sherlock may surface in order to call in favors from a any number of his contacts. Watch your step, there is still one thread left in Moriarty's web left unaccounted for."
Molly Hooper
Irene squinted and gazed at Sherlock critically. There was emotion burning just below the surface. "You've changed. It's not a game anymore, is it?" There was no malice in the softly spoken words, only sympathy. Sherlock nodded stiffly looking ashamed having his words thrown back at him, albeit kindly.
Irene watched Molly Hooper go. She felt a flare of respect for the woman despite her obvious missteps. She would never have guessed that the woman had it in her. It had taken guts to come here and go against Mycroft Holmes. Irene wondered what the iceman would do about her. There was also DI Lestrade, the man had been dragged into a situation that went much deeper than he had been led to believe. The poor man, he would suffer from Mycroft's wrath as well. "Do you think your brother will make them disappear?" Irene asked with a glance in Sherlock's direction. The man didn't look at her as he scanned the document carefully, but did reply.
"Caring won't help me protect people. Caring won't make me a better hunter." Greg hadn't believed his ears and just shook his head in disbelief.
"Is that a skull?" John asked as he continued to stare at it in disbelief.
Too late. Sherlock feels like he is always one step behind. First the cabbie, then the pool, and last, the fall. “You’re ordinary,” Moriarty’s voice mocks him. “Your friends will die if you don’t.” He is out played again and again. He had been to late in Serbia. Too late for John.
(This is War)
Mycroft frowned as he looked down at the contact number and he peeled off his gloves and sent a quick text to Anthea, asking her to send a car, then stood on the curb to wait. His fingers twitched against the black wool of his coat. He was desperate for a cigarette. He knew precisely where this conversation would lead. The detective could be a stubborn as his brother and that was saying something. “Detective Inspector, how, may I inquire, did you obtain this number?”
14 weeks after the fall
"Don't be an idiot." Sherlock muttered, "He's more than just an asset, and of course it matters what happens to him." Molly hummed thoughtfully before answering.
"Leave me be for a while and grant me a favor." Sherlock bargained.
The verse echoed through Sherlock's mind. "Very well, said the merchant, I give in. I am yours. But tell me, why did you look surprised this morning when you saw me in Baghdad? Because, said death, I had an appointment with you tonight, in Samara." Sherlock murmured.
"It started with Moriarty. He forced my hand. He threatened everything that I held dear, including John. I had to fall, and then I became a ghost and began to take apart his web piece by piece, until there was just one thread left, but I was too late." Sherlock murmured.
"Well, hello Johnny, may I call you Johnny?" John grit his teeth as he was called by his childhood nickname. It was a name only spoken to him by his mother and Harry when they were feeling sentimental. The sound of that name on this man's tongue turned John's stomach. "I've been wanting to properly meet you for the longest time." He confessed.
"You were a doctor." Sherlock objected.
He had been cast out of heaven and into this human's body. John Watson, that was who he was now. He had been thrust into this human's body just as his soul was departing allowing his grace fill the void. He was now in possession all of the man's memories as well as his strengths and weakness. He was now just like any other human, but for the small bit of grace that he still possessed. It was the angelic equivalent of a human soul. It was the very essence of his being, without it he would cease to exist.
The verse echoed through Sherlock's mind. "Very well, said the merchant, I give in. I am yours. But tell me, why did you look surprised this morning when you saw me in Baghdad? Because, said death, I had an appointment with you tonight, in Samara." Sherlock murmured.
"You could have phoned me, on my phone." John snapped not willing to play nice. Whatever this mage wanted, John wasn't about to give it to him.
"See What? What else have you done?"
"I'm doing my best to protect him, Sherlock. I truly am, but there are limits to my influence." Mycroft admitted with a sigh. "Finish the job, brother, but do it right. You cannot afford any more missteps. You're nearly there." Mycroft insisted before turning away and disappearing into the shadows of night leaving Sherlock both enraged and helpless.
John returned home to Baker's Street with the groceries and more questions than answers. He sighed as he opened the door and was greeted by Sherlock who held a violin bow in one hand and rosin in the other. He moved it over the hair of his bow with practiced expertise. His violin lay cradled in his lap. John couldn't mask the surprised look on his face. He had assumed that when Sherlock mentioned that he played the instrument the claim had simply been for cover, much like the detective story. "You really play?" John asked.
"No! Please, it was a kelpie!" She shouted as she thrashed in his grip. He paused for a moment as his hand hovered over her forehead ready and able to pour the water over her. Molly whimpered bracing for the searing burn of the holy water.
"No. Cold turkey, we agreed." He insisted with a glare in Sherlock's direction. "Besides no one will sell you any. Have you spoken to Greg about the case?" John asked changing the subject hoping to distract Sherlock from his boredom. Sherlock hissed out a frustrated curse under his breath that John didn't quite catch as he continued looking for his stash.
John’s mouth dropped in shock. Mike smirked. “Welcome to Alpha group home for teens. There’s only three ways out. Drafted at 18, juvie or my your own hand.” Mike explained. John couldn’t hide his horror and disgust.
“No, you did. You think I haven’t learned from my mistakes. You think I consider myself infallible.” Mycroft said echoing Gregs thoughts so closely Greg wondered if the man was clairvoyant.
"That there was Sally Donovan. It's the first time that I have seen her in person, but she fits Sherlock's description perfectly. She has an ax to grind against him. First, I think it's because he winds up involved with so many of their cold cases, the ones that have supernatural forces at work, that they would never have a shot in hell at solving because they don't know what they are looking for. But she also just doesn't like him." Greg explained. "Billy was likely asking around for Sherlock. He may have mentioned his name and inadvertently gotten Sherlock on Donovan's radar."
(To eternal life)
His eyes flickered up as his new troop assembled for the first time. Sholto stared them down daring them break protocol. If there was one thing that he was unyielding about it was SOP. Policies were in place for a reason, and barring a complete and utter clusterfuck, they were never to be ignored. He could easily pick out the officers amongst them. Jones, with his bloodhound by his side, stood tall and unwavering. The man had dark hair and eyes with an impressive build; the picture of an officer. Sholto's eyes then moved over to Watson. The man was at first glance was unimpressive. He was only about 5'6 with sandy blond hair, just beginning to grey at the temples with a compact build. But if one looked beyond the obvious, his eyes hinted at something much more dangerous hiding behind the unassuming appearance. They were the eyes of a man who had seen too much, a man on the edge. There was a story there and he intended to do some digging to find out more.
"Aye, that was the one part of training that he had some trouble with. They are not an aggressive breed by nature, but he'll do it." Jones replied as the dog's tailed wagged furiously with the attention.
It is the only memory of his  father that did not come from his family room dedicated to Sherlock’s parents; Mycroft has one of his own across the hall. He does not know where it came from, only that it appeared with the Shadow Room. The pictures blur and sometimes refuse to stay still. Strange objects cast shadows everywhere, rippling in his hands and breathing out smells of pipe tobacco and something astringent he’s never managed to identify. Deleted, it regenerates. Relocated, it returns to the only room he has ever seen without the spider-webbing of emotional data cluttering the corners. Any threads that follow him in vanish upon departure. Nothing else will stick there.
(I Absolve You)
One week later
"Come on, then. I'll show you the scene." Greg acquiesced. He turned and led them through the entrance towards the bloody statue and the alter. Greg watched Sherlock scan the scene with his eyes without moving a muscle. "Demon."
"What's your name?" She demanded.
3 months after the fall
Chapter 14
"I am not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion. You know what happened to the other one." Mycroft insisted as Anthea stared at him looking skeptical, but her eyes softened after a moment.
"Yes, I know." She answered. She had him at a bit of an advantage. He stretched moving his hand to the small of his back to check his Browning, which was hidden under his jacket. The silver bullets were now in the chamber. It gave him an added feeling of security.
“Never in public, Lock.” Mycroft warned sternly causing Sherlock’s breathing to quicken with anxiety. Mycroft closed his eyes and continued in a much kinder tone. “I don’t mind, little brother, scenting amongst family is normal and instinctual  but we must be careful. No one can find out. We have managed to so far avoid the registry if we want to continue to do so we must be meticulous.” Sherlock nodded tucking himself back into Mycroft’s side. “Uncle Rudolph wrote the will before he passed, it’ll be airtight. Our parents were well off.” Mycroft assured hoping to ease his brothers worry a bit.
"You don't seem very afraid." The man answered.
“You are the best and the wisest man that I have ever known. And yes, of course I forgive you, but it still hurts. I wanted you not to be dead. I begged for it.” John admitted hoarsely. “I loved you, I didn’t see it until it was too late.”
John Watson
"Not yet. I wanted to have a look myself first. You know how Sherlock can be." Greg said with a sigh. Molly mirrored it with one of her own.
"True." Mycroft agreed.
"I have to know. There's something about him that I'm missing; I'm sure of it Elizabeth." Mycroft insisted. Only Mycroft Holmes knew her true name. Anthea was her middle name. It was the name she had gone by since her parents died when she was only 16. She came around the back of Mycroft's chair and kneaded his shoulder's hoping to release some of the built up tension. She didn't want him to turn to smoking again. "He's living with Sherlock, I have to know! Sherlock relishes being difficult. He loves making me worry constantly. I don't understand why my brother refuses to use magic. While his hunting skills are superior and his tools are effective, he would be so much safer using both."
"It's not that you don't have the skills, John. You do, you'd have to be blind not to see that. Bloody hell, that was some of the best marksmanship I've ever witnessed. But…. No one is immortal. If you're really set on doing this, promise me that you'll be careful." Bill pleaded. John sighed and looked down unable to meet Bill's eyes knowing that he was going into this not caring whether he lived or died.
"Mr. Holmes is not currently available. I am sorry that I cannot be of further assistance." She replied coolly. Harry seethed and snapped.
“What good would it have done, Nephew? It wouldn’t have changed the outcome and it would only serve as a constant source of dread and anxiety while you anticipated the horrors of presentation which you were powerless to stop. Better to go in blind. There is a reason it’s taboo to speak of such matters. There are several things which we now need to discuss.” Mycroft wanted to argue, but the look on his Uncle’s face stopped him. Worry, he looked worried. In all the years Mycroft had known him, he had never seen his Uncle look worried. The man was seemingly unshakeable.
"John, please excuse Lestrade. He's a bit paranoid." Sherlock said then looked at Lestrade pointedly asking "Satisfied?" Greg nodded feeling a bit sheepish, but he couldn't regret it. His paranoia had saved his life more times than he could count.
Time blurred into itself. John had stopped trying to keep track of it. He drifted in and out of consciousness in a seemingly endless cycle as the drugs, which were being pumped into him, took effect in peaks and troughs. As far as he was concerned, John Watson was dead. Not literally, of course. John would see death as a blessing at this point. The weakest and most immoral part of him was still there, because he was, despite all of his prayers for death, still alive. Death would be a reprieve.
"Well, if it isn't the great detective Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. I've been hearing about both of you." John cleared his throat loudly and looked at his feet. Sherlock, however, liked a challenge and stared her down. She was beautiful and completely nude. Dark hair perfectly coifed and make up highlighting her best features. If she expected a meal out of either of them, then she would be very disappointed.
Afghanistan
“That isn’t--I’ve got no ulterior motives here. I’m just trying to tell you how I feel.” Greg cursed himself for letting it get this far.
"I don't know why you think that I can convince him when you couldn't. I'm nobody." John claimed. Greg scoffed and retorted.
John's phone then chimed with a text from Sherlock
"How did you? Are you spying on me?" Greg snapped. Greg eyed the man suspiciously and upon closer inspection he noticed a few things. While the clothes were expensive and the public school accent screamed high class, the man's eyes were dilated and there was a slight tremor in his hands that he couldn't completely mask. Addict? Greg dismissed the thought as quickly as it had entered his mind. No addict riding a high could have just pulled that off.
"Bloody hell." Small murmured looking haunted.
"Are you just going to repeat everything that I say? Don't be dull John." Sherlock implored. He could practically see John putting the pieces together; perhaps he wasn't as idiotic as the rest of humanity.
"Gregory Lestrade, contrary to what he may claim, has true faith. He was horribly traumatized by his mother's death, but rather than destroy him, it only made him stronger. He is the light. It is so rare to find that these days. I cannot find fault with him. He is his own worst enemy, his greatest critic is himself." Mycroft explained.
Moran whistled sharply and another stranger entered the room standing in front of him. Moran made a gesture that John couldn't see and John cried out suddenly as he was jerked up into the air by the torso wrenching his bad shoulder. He couldn't help the cry that escaped his lips as he felt his bones bend in protest. "Funny how fate works, isn't it, Johnny? Imagine the odds, you could almost call it destiny. You were in the Unit back in Helmand during operation Achilles. Ring a bell? You know, the one that I was using as target practice. Such a shame that you moved just as I shot you or else you would have died and in that desert and saved me a lot of trouble; even so this nearly killed you, infection set in, major nerve damage." Moran surmised as he made his way to stand in front of John and lifted his hand to touch the distinctive starburst scar pattern left in the bullet's wake. "Nevertheless, what's done is done. It's a miracle you survived." Moran insisted and then pressed his fingers into the tender tissue causing John to grunt from the sudden flare of pain. John suddenly felt sick as he saw the glee in Moran's eyes as he pushed harder digging and twisting causing John to hiss through gritted teeth. "You've caused me nothing but trouble and I'd like nothing more than to kill you, but not until I get what I want. Until then, John Watson, I'll leave you at their mercy."
