out. How can he explain he just wants to cry? Tear up until all his tears have been shed, until he cannot even breath or think.
Steve laughs. “Here I come!” he shouts back, and pulls lightly at Morgan’s ankles, as she yells with an high pitched tone. Mary lets go of Tony’s back to come rescue her friend, and she attacks Steve instead, trying to free Morgan.
“Looking forward to having more fun” Tony adds, and he’s not really sure if he’s hinting at something else, or if he just really likes spending time this way.
Steve and Morgan still have an advantage though, since Steve is apparently extremely skilled even at bowling. In any other case, Tony would be mad for the fact that he’s losing, but right now, looking at Steve making flawless throws and then cheering with his own daughter, gives Tony a very pleasant sensation.
And he freaks out, his shirt still hanging open on his trembling shoulders, and he tries to pull away the tie that seems so
They get a nice table apart from the noise, and the dinner passes by well, among jokes and laughs and not so subtle looks.
Tony shakes his head and gets closer to him. He slides an hand around Steve’s waist, plastering himself by his side.
And things went like this for the following day, and the day after that, and the day after once again.
“Tony, would you mind if I joined you?”, he placed his head on the stone beside him, kind of laying on the ground.
They part ways when the alleys lead to their different rooms. Morgan leaves a wet kiss on Steve’s cheek while he puts her down. “Love you” she bubbles with a grin, and Tony can clearly see how the thing makes Steve happy.
“Good night” he wishes too. Then, when he’s about to step in the hall of the hotel, he throws a quick glance behind him, and grins contently when he spots Steve’s figure still looking at him outside.
Overcome a first hesitation, he found himself drawn by those tales, to the point that he couldn’t wait to narrate more and more stories every night. And he told her about Tony’s fight against the Chitauri’s army, and then the Sokovia episode, and then about his trip into space, and many other little things her dad used to do, the jokes he made, how generous and selfless he was and how he had even invented a time machine.
“Yeah?” he says. “I mean- it’s a little too soon to say so, we haven’t even had our first date yet, but I’m positive.”
Steve swims lazily towards him, and feeling a little bold he encircles Tony’s middle with an arm, picking him up. Tony widens his eyes with surprise, but Steve notices he’s trying to hide his amusement.
He really misses him: even though they basically see each other every day, whenever they have to part for like a couple of days, Tony feels like something huge is missing in his everyday life, and he has now grown so used to the other man that he feels like sharing with him even the littlest things.
happy, but the truth is that he finds some relief sometimes, of course, but this whole emptiness he feels inside, that’s what keeps him awake at night.
And while he was there, folding documents and trying to organise his papers, Tony had found himself not wanting that moment to ever end: the whole lab had now a new light, his own work suddenly seemed interesting, and Steve, Steve himself, looked to him like the chance of finally doing alright.
“Aw, kid” Tony says, sitting next to her. He ruffles her light hair and gets her to smile. “We’re people of science” he shrugs. “When we don’t succeed first try, it just means we have to try harder next time.”
For the first few moments they talked about the mission they had undergone that day: Tony was really enthusiastic and while he was describing some particular scientific project he had found in the lab that they had to sequester, Steve found himself caught with the way the man was moving his hands, and how his eyes seemed to sparkle.
Steve looks starstruck too. He can’t stop leaving kisses on Tony, not leaving out even an inch of skin, and when he finally makes his way inside Tony, he swallows his moans with his own mouth.
Steve quietly approached him. “Why would you ask?” he mumbled, while kneeling in front of him, so that the two of them where now face to face.
knew, they were only words, stupid letters forming terms that didn’t even make any sense, but when he was with him,
Steve grinned, looking him in the eyes: he had fantasised about this for so much time, but he had always admonished himself that it was not going to happen, that they were just friends and that the man was friendly with anyone so he shouldn’t let it go to his head.
“Oh” he indeed bubbles embarrassed. “I’m sorry” he shifts on his feet, and he gets a glimpse of the girls’ castle, detailed and most of all
Tony feels his own heart growing three sizes bigger, “I love you, too”, he whispers, then gets quiet for awhile.
“You like him, don’t you?” Mary looks up at him with a knowing smirk on her face. She’s splayed on the king size bed, her legs swaying up in the air and her arms falling from the mattress.
“Dinner, you say?” Tony repeats pretending to ponder the idea. “Yeah, I can free myself for it.” He flashes him a grin, and Steve feels once again the need to kiss it.
“Tony”, Steve screeched, looking at the ocean “for so many years, so much time, I convinced myself you had said
is okay, actually. But he eventually focuses on the figure standing before his eyes, and he looses himself into a blue gaze that has the power to make him be honest, that actually forces him not to lie, to say everything that crosses his mind.
Morgan is jumping on the bed while she talks at the phone, making her dark braids sway around at every up and down.
Steve suspects Tony has something to do with that, but he doesn’t inquire any further, he just grins widely and greets them with joy. In this way the kids play together all day long, while he and Tony can spend more time together.
“Come to my room” Tony offers. “The kids are spending the night in the hotel anyway, in this way we can keep an eye on them.”
He hasn’t looked at himself in the mirror since a lot even though this is weird for someone who claims to be such a narcissist. He has always enjoyed looking at himself: to ogle at his own body when a suit particularly fits him; to appreciate his own sharp jaw; to notice how his eyebrows twitch with innuendos when he subtly smirks.
While they come back to the hotel, Morgan insists on sitting on Steve’s shoulders, and none of them has the heart to deny her so, so Steve picks her up, while she chats from there with Mary, who walks along with her nose pointing up.
The man chuckles. “Yeah, it’s a little annoying when they remind you just how dumb of a child you were in comparison” he jokes tilting his head, a small embarrassed movement that Tony finds adorable.
Tony hints at another smirk, and blames the drink for his next answer. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be here” he says. “You would be somewhere around the world, all focused on some super secret plan, dressed in khakis- wait!” he trails off, suddenly realising something. “You actually wold look so good in khakis.”
Tony looked a little heated up as he was pointing his finger at Steve’s chest “Wanna know what more? I have tried so
Tony sticks his tongue out at it, confirming his statement, but then he keeps on helping him anyway.
Tony shakes his head firmly. “I just-“ he trails. “I just thought that it’s kinda funny if you think about it” he blurts out, his eyes still resting on the girls ahead of them.
“Yeah, you’re right” Morgan bubbles, and Tony realises he has been staring at the kids for a little too long.
And his hands are still trembling, cold limbs that do not seem to know why they are sticked to his arms, frail hands that he would like someone to hold for him, thus quietening them, thus helping him breath again.
Morgan goes on. “He’s funny and pretty” she says. She stays quiet for a moment, listening to Pepper, then she laughs. “You’re always the prettiest, mommy!” she finally states.
Mary nods firmly at Morgan’s story, and the girl goes on. “Haven’t you paid attention to me? I told you so as we were having breakfast!” She frowns a little annoyed, and Tony tightens his lips with guilt.
Steve feels like in a trance, his gaze firm on Tony’s figure, so pretty in the clear sky blurring in the blue sea. He reaches out too, and he grabs Tony’s hands with a bit of uncertainty, but Tony doesn’t even flinch at that, just tugs him along, until the edge of the waters covers them over their mid chest.
“Make it stop, please”, his mind is imploring him, and he would like to reply that he’d want it too but he can’t, he’s incapable of doing anything, not even
He lets his hand fall, and Tony’s eyes snap open, a wry look on him, probably feeling the loss of Steve’s touch.
For a brief moment, neither of them lets go of each other’s hands. Steve focuses on the sensation of Tony’s hands entwined with his, calloused over his own soft skin. He likes it.
“Alright” she announces eventually. “I think I’m gonna go ask Morgan to take a swim with me” she grins. “Wanna come with me?”
Tony pretends to grunt, actually beaming at the sight of his little girl having fun in such a lovable way.
Tony makes a constricted expression to this, so Steve takes his hands in his own, softly stroking his skin.
Maybe it was the bare chest, or the red swim-trunks which made a stark contrast with his tanned and toned legs, but Steve saw in him a special glow that left him speechless. And to think he was about to leave just like that! He’s grateful Tony is not as shy as him and proposed to go out.
Tony briefly sobbed, his throat burning with tears. “I don’t want to be alone” he confessed. “Not anymore.”
“Is it okay like this?”, Steve dubiously asks and slightly worries once Tony doesn’t respond. He’s still looking at the blue light and it feels so real, so
Steve brights up even more. He nods. “It would be a pleasure, Tony Stark” he beams. “See, you later, then.”
When they both spend themselves, they lay side by side. Steve throws an arm around Tony’s chest, a leg over his, and Tony curls with his back pressed to Steve’s chest, feeling drowsy but so joyful he could touch the sky just standing on his tiptoes.
For a long time Steve had pretended the two of them were just not seeing each other due to different tasks, that if he wanted he could have called Tony and actually met him up, that if he
He asks himself if the situation might be different now that Steve’s next to him, but the truth is that his chest will still be empty, and the room will still be dark.
The man sitting on his lap had become a certainty and every time they went on a mission he couldn’t help but being worried for Tony to the point that it was even difficult to breath while thinking of a world without him.
The truth was that he was deeply sad, and life itself was breaking his heart. He would wake up hoping for the day to end the sooner, that hours could glide on him without realising it. He would go to sleep on Monday hoping he could wake up on Friday, and sometimes he would almost expect summer to come after winter.
“It’s gonna sound so lame, now that you told me about your business-“ he fumbles. He brings an hand to his neck nape and scratches it in embarrassment.
Steve couldn’t help but feel extremely out of place, and Tony’s smile depicted all over those photos  looked like a reminder of the way he had ripped that family apart. He truly wanted to leave that anguishing house, but as soon as he started to move backwards in the attempt of making his way out, a little brunette girl had looked at him while trying to hide behind the living room’s door.
“You know I don’t mind, right?” Mary’s squeaky voice wakes him from his spiral of thoughts and he looks at her through the mirror. He hints at a feeble smile, but he feels the need to lower his eyes.
Tony shook his head. “I don’t know, Cap” he stretched his eyes with his fingers, lowering his head not to look him. “It’s not like I have anywhere else to go to.”
Rain was starting to pour down, and the lightings in the distant threatened a thunderstorm; the wind upon the ocean was blowing wildly.
“In daytime I regret meeting you, in nighttime I come looking for you” Tony says, a firm tone, but his heart would say otherwise.
Steve laughs at his ogling. “Yeah, but I quitted” he informs. “I’m more of a quiet person, you know” he points his blue eyes in Tony’s ones, and Tony feels another clench to his stomach.
Steve laughed at his expression and then admitted “Honest to God I don’t know what I would do without you”.
They make it to Tony’s room in a fumble, and Tony’s still locking the door when Steve is already trailing kisses along his throat. Tony moans softly, tugging lightly at Steve’s hair, keeping him on his neck.
what was standing near him; a pale and glacial marble commemorative plaque erected among scrubs with a few sentences engraved on its surface:
What do they want from him? He just wants to be left all alone, for once. He just wants to sleep, to black out, to push away every deadline that’s oppressing him.
By the time they are both naked, Tony doesn’t know why he waited so long for this to happen. Having Steve’s hands on him seems like all his body was ever meant for.
“Yep, kiddo, don’t let me down.” He throws a glance at Morgan to see if she’s comfortable with the situation, but Steve has already taken her by her hand, and he’s showing her how to move her wrist to make the throw be successful. She looks back with a resolute face and nods firmly.
Tony removed one of the earpieces he had on. “I’m sorry” he apologised. “I didn’t hear you coming.” He looked upset, almost weary of a weight he seemed to had kept on his shoulders way too long.
The man slightly blushes at that. “Oh, well- then I guess it was just me who’s always been average.”
He clears his throat. “Aren’t you- why don’t you ask your friend to go swim with you?” he bubbles shrugging. “That girl you were playing with yesterday” he trails.
His hair are dripping water, as of his whole body. When he turns up his head he finds Tony staring at him with his mouth slightly parted. Steve wouldn’t want daring to say so, but he even looks faintly flushed.
She tightens her lips in doubt, and Tony nods firmly. “So when you finally win, you’re gonna appreciate that even more.”
Steve blushed intensely and his heart began racing at a very high speed. He felt like he had been caught off guard as he began stuttering “I don’t- I
Tony grabs his own glass, drinks from it not breaking the eye contact, then sets it back on the table, circling the rim of it with a finger.
With his hand placed like this, Steve’s wrist is set in the very middle of Tony’s chest, the blue light  of the neon bracelet shining bright.
“Was it the emptiness, Tony? Was it the bareness of your chest?”, he asks with a compliant tone, as if those words are hurting him too. Tony looks at him with numb eyes, not even grasping the idea that Steve can understand him so well; he nods.
Tony’s brows draw closer. “Is this okay? I assumed you were interested but maybe I jumped to conclusions-“
“You and I”, he started again, “we’re just trying to live up to people’s expectations. And sometimes -most of the times, actually- it’s difficult, I know. But this does not mean we are failing”.
hard not to, but the truth was that those tears streaming down his face actually reminded him that he still felt something, that he had not become numb, not yet.
At the suggestion Tony frowns. He’s laying face down on a beach chair, trying to get a tan on his back, so it’s not really that easy for him to see what’s going on by his side. He half opens one eye just to check everything is okay, and most importantly-
When they step outside the pub, there is a pleasing air blowing, not too muggy considering the hot day. The sky is clear and full of stars, the streets almost empty due to the late hour.
Tony suggests bowling night, and Mary and Morgan can’t stop thanking him for proposing such thing. They make faces at the ugly shoes the place gives them, but they tie each other’s ones anyway.
“Morgan!” Mary calls, and the other girl beams at her. Tony props himself on his elbows, frowning at first, but then grinning widely when he notices Steve.
No, you always have to make fun of everything, always have to embarrass people just to make your ego grow bigger as if it was some kind of accomplishment.”
“Goodhearted friend”, Steve murmured, right before feeling a bothersome ache in his heart: and then he knew that he couldn’t have come there earlier because it would have meant dealing with this pain at a time when his wounds were still too open to really accept what had happened.
Steve’s next throw doesn’t get a strike, but it’s still pretty good, and his team wins anyway. Morgan looks very pleased by their victory, keeping on jumping up and down around Steve. He picks her up and makes her sway around while they both chant “we won, we won!”
“You’re a watcher, huh?” Tony blurts out, his eyes still closed, and Steve jumps up caught in his staring.
“Tony”, the voice repeats, and to him it sounds like honey through his scraped throat, a lullaby to his dazed ears.
They finally arrive back home, night is full and dark upon them but a few stars shining slightly. The mid summer breeze makes Tony shiver a little, but he’s not really sure if it’s the air’s fault or Steve eyes’.
So throw away your baggage and go forward. There are quicksands all around you, sucking at your feet, trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair. That’s why you must walk so lightly.
Since the surgery he hasn’t looked at himself not even once; not because he didn’t want to, perhaps it was just an unconscious reflex that caused him to be very subtle whenever he passed in front of a mirror without a shirt on. He just didn’t want to be reminded about dreading past memories, how his heart was about to stop and in order to survive he literally had to become half a machine.
The kids look at him with hanging mouths and Steve giggles at their confusion. “Blonde kid, you’re with me” he orders Mary. “Maguna, you’re with the barbie man tonight.”
“When I saw it, I immediately thought about the arc reactor. I thought it could be something nice to have on your wrist but I still didn’t know- I get only now the mistake I’ve done, Tony, I’m sorry”, Steve trails off, eyes striking back and forth, not able to hold the other man’s look, but Tony suddenly softly smiles at his rumble.
The thunderous sound of the waves crashing forced Steve to awaken and to let go his thoughts. His look fell back to Tony’s grave, so shiny, so clear and light that it seemed to blind him.
Steve makes a face at it, confusion clear in his eyes, and Tony raises an eyebrow. “Are we- hanging out?” Steve tentatively asks, and Tony frowns ever more.
Tony actually doesn’t mind it. He’s interested in the man, and for once in his life he’s repeating himself that he’s determined to make it work.
He looks at himself in the mirror, puts some other gel in his hair to make it look fancy, sprays around more cologne.
Panting because of his back ache, Steve finally closed his eyes and inspired deeply only for a brief moment. Then he opened his eyes once again, not looking in front of him but on his left, and while smiling softly he nodded nostalgic.
had caused that rush, made him understand that perhaps, sooner or later, he would have found himself in that situation no matter what: it could have been a year before, or it could have been a day after, or even in a remote future, but the two of them would have found their way to each other anyway.
since you’re gone, not even the simplest tasks! And I have really tried, but a world without you was not worth of living in, that’s why I came back, that’s why I couldn’t think of a present where you were not in it.”
And then it was not enough once again, and the fresh air on his groin once Steve’s hot lips left him caused him an ache in his heart, the same suffering he was dealing with when he couldn’t sleep at night.
“I did” he finally sets for, and Steve smiles, widely smiles, and once again Tony’s heart feels like jumping out of his chest.
Tony distanced himself a little, trying to wipe away the tears. “How much?” he asked with a crack in his voice, while Steve’s fingers were now tracing unknown drawings on his face. “Tell me” he exhorted.
Steve doesn’t seem to mind. “I would love it too” he indeed replies, flashing him another bright smile.
He could tug a little bit more strongly and Tony would be in his arms. He’s really contemplating the thought, when a splash of water makes him shake his head in confusion. Mary has swum underwater and is now between them, laughing with her mouth open.
Steve is there, his soft and kind hands all over his face and back, trying to give him every bit of comfort they possibly can. His face seems kind of distressed, and his eyes are shining with tears  difficultly held back. At the sight of it, Tony feels a piercing guilt in his heart.
And it really is like this, because whatever he is doing always leads his mind to Steve. To his hands, to his hair, to his eyes and gentle smile. And Tony feels so desperate whenever he swear he can
Tony laughs. “Well, I’m not the one who kept on looking while I was asleep. You know that’s creepy, right? People file restraining orders against this shit.”
Then he widens his eyes as Steve’s words sink in his brain. “Wait!” he calls. “You were in the army?”
The man chuckled “I know you never allowed her. But I told her that if Sam was ever going to give it back to me, then I would have let her take it. You know what she replied, Tony?”, he asked trying to hold a nostalgic laughter “She told me: I love you,
Steve’s heart lost a beat as he nervously mumbled “like what?!”. At the same time he regretted asking.
“I’m sorry”, he almost whines. Steve’s arms are already around him, a tight hug clutching Tony against his broad and warm chest, pressing their own hearts together for the first time.
Steve laughs loudly when Tony comes back to the surface, his hair sticking around messily, his eyes glaring. Steve chuckles even more, while Tony makes an outraged face, and starts splashing him too, affronted by what has just happened.
He unfolds the paper and looks at it with an awed expression. “Steve-“ he mutters. It’s a drawing of him sleeping, quickly sketched, but incredibly lively in its stillness. “This is-“ he fumbles.
Morgan is on cloud nine, yanking herself around Steve’s legs while he plays, screaming with laughter when Steve points out that they’re winning.
, but Steve was already talking without waiting for his permission “Things wouldn’t be so complicated if you just acted like a normal human being, you know, just knowing when it’s the right time to laugh or- or- to joke about a situation, or, I don’t know, make a pun or something.
It’s true, once again it’s true: every morning when he wakes up he feels like a burden, he can’t help but think no one can stand him, and he thinks Steve would be so much better without him. But when the sun starts setting, and shivers make their way on his lonely skin, he finds himself looking for Steve, like that very first time.
“Hi, Tony”, he croaked, his hand now resting on the cold surface of a marble gravestone, “were you waiting for me?”
By standing in that wooden furnished farm he had felt such a stranger, almost an intruder, as if his presence was not appreciated at all.
“I care, Tony, I care” he repeated while making himself closer. “I care so much, more than you’ll ever think.”
It’s not like they do not already do that, though. They go eat ice cream almost every night, and without saying it out loud, this holiday has become a four people thing.
“I couldn’t be more wrong”, a brief silence followed Tony’s words, who was now focused on Steve changing the broken sack with a new one.
“It’s gone”, Steve continues, “It’s gone, Tony. I covered it; it’s all covered, all hidden. Your heart is safe”.
The voice sounds like an echo to his ears, a distant sound floating in his numb mind, eyes wide open even though everything is blurred.
But Steve pulls away to remove his shirt with one swift movement, making Tony groan at the sight of his defined abs.
Tony makes room for the both of them on the mattress, so that they can both lay down, before Steve grabs him by his hips crushing his own chest with Tony’s spine. He hugs him tightly squeezing his arms, and then ruffles Tony’s hair with his own noise.
Morgan laughs loudly, and her friend giggles too, at which Tony feels uncomfortable again, since it is not very pleasing to be laughed at by two little girls. “Mary is a friend from school!” Morgan explains. At which Tony relaxes a little bit. Of course she’s smart too, then, considering Morgan attends a school of prodigy kids. “I saw her this morning in the hall of the hotel” she tells.
Steve chuckles lightly. “Good girl” he cheers. He looks at himself back in the mirror, his fingers resting hesitantly on the buttons.
Tony lives for soft moments like seeing Mary so eager to help Morgan out, and then his daughter reciprocating the favour makes him smile widely all by himself.
Steve gently strokes his back, “I know, baby, I know”, then holds him tighter and it’s not really enough, it does not erase the wretchedness Tony can literally feel in his throat but it’s still something- it is still a little step toward the idea of healing he is so attached to in his imaginary.
Steve laughs heartily, his eyes now relaxed. “Got it” he claps back. “Hanging out, first date. Got it” he makes another smile shaking his head.
“Yes, Tony!” Mary yells. “We’re gonna beat them to death” she bares out her teeth looking dangerous, and Tony ruffles her hair.
He keeps his eyes on the road, forcing himself to act casual despite the fact talking about his mother always gives him a little ache: if he closes his eyes, he can still feel the gentle hold of his mother hands on his own, making him dance around the living room to the sound of the vinyl record.
He looked into Tony’s eyes for a second, wanting to punch him in the face just to show him who was the boss down there, so he pulled Tony by his shirt, and for a moment the man seemed kind of concerned, but Steve erased that look of dismay from his face when he pressed his lips on his mouth with such rage that he amazed his own self.
And when he had found out he was starting to feel attached to Steve, he had felt so scared. Because he was sure the more he was going to enjoy his presence, the more it was going to hurt when it would all end.
“You would win hands down” he says, and Tony feels once again way too lucky to have found himself such a man.
Tony frowned “Were you listening, Cap’?” For a moment he seemed concerned, as if Steve was really minding his own business.
him, because in the middle of a fight Tony was always up for some flirty joke and Steve, Steve wasn’t even able to reply, too much confused and embarrassed by his comments.
Eventually they had learnt to get along with each other, but Steve knew that lowkey there was an implicit bond within the two of them that just stated they had to respect the other in order to ensure peace.
And he had felt this way for a long time, and the thing that was paining him the most was the realisation that that feeling was not going to go away. Sometimes he would feel suffocating.
Steve squats next to her. “Take this” he offers handing his own. “Here, hold it in this way” he instructs showing Morgan how to do it. The girl quickly understands it, and when the kite is finally up in the sky again, she runs away to join Mary.
Tony quietly nods, and his hair tickles Steve’s soft chin, but he doesn’t complain, he just positions himself better on the mattress and makes his arm surround Tony’s curled up body, until his hand falls right over his beating heart.
"Did you tell everyone about that?" His dad only smiled, shrugging as he leaned over and pecked pops' lips.
They sat in silence for what felt like hours. The only sounds to be heard were their quiet breathing and the soft rumbling of one of the machines in the lab.
"He had a broken rib as well as some internal bleeding. He has a broken ankle and a sprained wrist, but mentally he seems to be in perfect health" The doctor explained. The superheroes nodded and looked back at the boy who was slowly beginning to wake.
"It's gonna fall, Tony!" Steve yelled up at his husband from the ground, moving pieces of rubble from the building and grabbing any civilians he could find.
"I'll contain the debris and look for civilians on the upper levels. You just get everyone out of there" Tony told him through the coms.
"So you're injuries are healed up, bud. You're casts are off and-" Steve cut himself off, not sure how to continue.
Steve continued to rock the child until he fell asleep once again. He gently laid him down on the bed and stood, offering a hand to Tony who took it with a half-hearted smile.
"Kid? I'm Tony and this is Steve. We need you to tell us everything you remember about the accident today" The billionaire tried to give the same gentle touch, but he had a feeling it didn't have the intended effect as Peter looked at Tony with wide eyes and Steve lay a hand on Tony's shoulder.
They continued down the hall until they heard indistinct yelling from one of the rooms. They looked at each other busted open the door.
So now he was playing pool with his pops and uncle Sam, listening to dad and Thor argue over who's partner is better (pops wins, obviously), and telling
Dropping off Peter had the home had to be the hardest thing either man ever had to do. And one of them had been frozen in ice for seventy years while the other had literally had his heart ripped out of his chest.
"Open up!" Steve banged on the door of the home. Tony sighed and took a look around. He knew it was in a poor part of town, but he never imagined this.
"The spider child is worthy!" Thor belted, embracing the teen in a bone-crushing hug as the rest of the avengers cheered and clapped.
Peter could not believe his life. Sometimes Peter wanted so desperately to take a selfie with Thor and post it for all the world to see. It would certainly help his status at school. But his life as an avenger and as a Stark-Rogers was a secret. It was hard being one of the coolest teenagers on the planet and not having anyone, besides Ned, know. But he understood why it had to stay that way.
But now Peter was fully healed, and there was no reason that he shouldn't return to the group home. And they had no idea how to tell him.
Steve looked at Peter as Tony discussed the surgery with the doctors. There were bruises littering his body as well as a cut on his foreheads and casts on his ankle and wrist.
Peter glances at the screen, as Tony falls to the ground, groaning and clutching the sides of his hand. “Needle’s in the red, Tones,” he says, giving a thumbs-up.
Steve sucks in a breath, lifting his head to study Tony’s profile. He looks more rested than Steve feels, though that isn’t saying much; Steve only managed a couple hours sleep last night after returning from the bar. Which had
“I’m still working out the kinks,” Tony mutters, running a hand through his hair. He looks like he hasn’t slept in days, though that’s nothing new. “I dunno where all the
.” His face breaks into a shit-eating grin and before Bucky can even ask him why, another joins their table.
“I’ve seen him around,” Tony says, stroking his chin. “Though I hardly pay mind.” His eyes widen, and he looks back at Steve, quickly adding, “I don’t mean that in a ‘you peasants are below me’ sort of way. More in a, I don’t know, ‘sometimes I get tunnel vision and
Everyone rushes his peripheral in a blur, just a mess of unimportant faces; though one table eventually stands out. They’re already
He pinches the bridge of his nose, resting his head on the back of the booth. His glasses fall askew on as he grazes the ceiling. “That
“Pretty sure Sam has it somewhere.” Bucky looped an arm around Steve’s shoulder as they walked to the car. They were close to the same height now, and Steve’s heart skipped another beat when their faces touched; Bucky's cologne was tantalizing, to say the least, but he ignored it. He ignored it best he
a problem.” Sam picks up his phone, swiping along the screen at breakneck speed. “However, I may have an idea.”
“Is it a house?” Steve deadpanned. He was unable to stop himself from laughing again when Tony turned to him, mouth ajar. “Just a wild guess.”
“How’d I let you talk me into coming all the way to Manhattan?” Becca asks, resting her chin in her palm. She glances at her hand and, upon seeing the ketchup, wipes it on her napkin and then
old; it isn’t. Far from it, in fact, but he acts like it’s a Death Warrant. Always rambling about staying young forever and how thirty is
He quickly looks away, cheeks burning. College-life may trump anything high school has to offer – and trump it by a
isn’t exactly a word Peter would use. Confused seems more like it. Which is fair. Peter’s also a little perplexed, though Tony
“It must be pretty important.” Tony pauses and for a hot minute, Peter idly wonders if Tony’s turned back to his work. There’s no clicking of computer keys or even a thoughtful hum, however; and
“You’re a good friend, Barnes,” Sam drawls, though he’s still grinning. He digs back into his food, playing what looks like a game of Galaga on his phone.
“Just do me a favor, kid,” Tony says, briefly glancing back. He keeps a brisk pace as they tread down the narrow hall, like he’s afraid a secret door is going to slam shut without warning.
to be out and about on a Friday afternoon. Granted, she’d normally be holing herself up in the library, a plethora of crime articles spread along one of the tiny tables. But the library clearly isn’t home any
She only looks him over, eyeing the dark circles and disheveled hair; his hands have almost become permanent fixtures on his head at this point. “You’re one to talk.”
Tony groaned, dragging a hand down his face. “Are you a dad? Because that was a dad joke if I’ve ever heard one –”
finally calm down, she says, “I’m sorry. I really am. I – I just learned something I thought you might find interesting.” She looks around, eyebrows raised, like she’s only just realized where she is. “I take it Steve's in class?”
“I know.” Steve finished his beer in one last swig. “Look, I think I’m gonna head out. I just kinda wanna be alone.”
“Just curious.” Stark sets the pants on the rack with an exaggerated sigh. “I was hoping to attend another one of their
to half the time, the more she thinks of it. It probably just comes naturally. (Which is almost even more depressing.) He really should just write a book one day; an autobiography, detailing the most interesting aspects of his life, whether they’re fully accurate or not.
do, and she certainly will never make it as one. Spying is more suited for Nat, whose careful poise and deadpan delivery make for perfect coverups.
. It seems like such a strange thing to do, something he’s only ever really seen in movies and cartoons, but here she is, cringing. If a black hole opened up and tried to suck her in, right here, right now, he has a feeling she wouldn’t protest.
“I don’t want you to think that I was trying to, y’know…” She blushes, brushing a hand through her hair. This conversation is going nowhere fast because she
Peter stares expectantly, leaning forward on the table. Beside him, Tony tries to maintain his cool facade. He’s
The overarching effect of drinking an iced coffee in the middle of autumn is pretty awful. It really isn’t even
Steve wordlessly nodded, trying to seem nonchalant. He kept absently tapping his fingers on his leg, his whole body jittery with nerves. His stomach hadn’t stopped fluttering and that – that was definitely a problem. He was seriously content with never speaking again if it meant the fluttering would stop.
too accustomed to, but Stark doesn’t pay mind. Which is probably a good thing, considering Bucky and Steve aren't even sitting together. So much for a convincing performance.
“Are you sure you wanna do this?” Gwen asks as they grab their ice skates. The rink is positively packed with people of all ages, but most prominently couples. Because of course there are mostly
stuff for once, and not just play witness for Tony and Bruce, or play mother hen to Peter. The library is also one of few places
“Maybe Bruce is home,” Tony muttered to himself, still digging through every possible pocket. His leather jacket, however, only had two pockets from what Steve could
about to say anything, however, he doesn’t get to find out because she slides forward too far and falls, yanking Peter right down with her.
Bucky sighs, leaning against the chain-link fence. Tetris it is then. This might take a while. Which is
“He asked for Steve specifically,” Sam says before downing another shot of tequila. He then immediately sucks on a lime slice, his face scrunching. He's skipped the salt which is a rookie mistake, even in
explaining the homework (despite what Tony may think) and smacking his head repeatedly against solid ice.
“Uh,” Wade glances down at his own phone and taps the screen. The faint sound fades away, and though it
even knows about that. Let alone Stark. Plus, Bucky never even called her. He’s only been back twice and both times, the girl ignored him unless she absolutely
Loki bursts out laughing in a moment of uncharacteristic joy. He slaps a hand over his mouth in an instant to muffle the sound, but the damage is done. Bruce and Thor
“How do you expect to help then?” Bucky asks. He shrugs off his hoodie and offers it without thinking. He may be cold, but he’s at least wearing a
Bucky thankfully turned back to his phone and didn’t notice the way Steve’s smile easily faded. He wasn’t stupid. He knew it was never going to happen. “I guess,” he muttered, running a hand through his hair.
the last few minutes, looks up from his phone. “You’re making this out to be a much bigger deal than it needs to be, Rogers,” he says, rocking back in his chair.
. I just, uh… I’ve been – I’ve been a little sick lately, so, uh… my voice kinda comes and goes?” His six-foot-two frame feels like it’s shrinking under Tony’s unwavering gaze.
Bucky really isn’t sure why his heart is beating so fast. It occurs to him that he doesn’t actually know where the hell her dorm even
He can always lie and say that the sudden flash of redness working its way up his neck is due to the cool air. Which is believable.
“She seems fine, really,” he continues, still not meeting her eyes. His are turning red, and she hands him another napkin. “But uh,” he shifts in his seat, finally sitting up a bit; under the guise of the fluorescent lights, she can
, on the other hand, is staring at Jen, his eyes narrow. “What’s so funny?” he asks, ceasing all pretense of
she supposes; at least the kid is staying out of it for the most part. “Look, I didn’t bring you out here to bad mouth Thor,” she snaps, and then quickly adds, “
“So you’ll help me?” Steve eventually says when he’s caught his breath; he’s red in the face again, his cheeks flushed as he stares at Bucky with wide, pleading eyes. In another life, he
means. It’s probably pointless anyway. She’ll never look at him ever again anyway. “My fault,” he mutters, wiping his wet face with the back of his hand. His sketch is probably decimated at this point, but it’s only a distraction anyway.
have. “I just feel like – my classes,” he fumbles, playing with his unused fork. He presses on the prongs and the end bounces. “They’re a lot harder than I thought they’d be, I – I guess.” Which isn’t
He strips down his white shirt, button after button, and without even noticing what he’s doing, he catches a glimpse of his own reflection in the mirror on the wall.
Steve caught Tony’s intention, saw in his eyes the desperate need of being reassured, of being told that someone was going to take care of him for the rest of his life.
The truth was that he was fine with being alone, for real, but with Steve he had realised that he didn’t like it that much.
At three pm he felt so lonely, all alone in that big workshop of his, the pitiless sun of the afternoon making its way through the windows; but at three in the morning, while he laid on his bed sleepless, for a long time he couldn’t help but imagine a nice and joyful future with someone who could love him as much as he did.
He feels fondness pooling in his heart when he sees Steve’s expression changing from misery to contentment.
Tony is deeply sleeping, his mouth slightly parted, his chest heavy with breaths. His loose curls frame his stark cheekbones, and Steve would die to run a hand through his hair. He looks at Tony, and another smile blossoms on his face without him noticing it.
Tony curses under his breath. “Can I offer you a drink? Later?” he asks, and why is he feeling so nervous?, he’s not fifteen anymore.
A few raindrops fell on his hand now placed on the marble once again, and at first he couldn’t really tell if it were his own tears.
He pretends to try and free himself from the two little bodies hanging on him, Mary closing her arms around his shoulders, and Morgan tugging at his arm to make him fall into the water.
The way he was smiling in awe made Steve promise himself that he would have fight all his life just for Tony to keep smiling like that.
He felt a shiver, something enjoyable and dreading at the same time, at the idea of being in the arms of his beloved and knowing he was not going to be held by him forever.
He grabs his own shirt, pulls it and stretches it, but it doesn’t seem to fall from his shoulders: he feels tied up, suddenly all too similar to the distant memory of a dark cave, something that seem to have happened ages ago but at the same time is too vivid to be forgotten.
Another moment of silence then Morgan basically beams. “Oh, you would love him!” she blurts out. “Daddy loves him already.”
They had just met, and it was so draining for Steve to collaborate, especially when Tony couldn’t stop being so cocky and proud,
organ anymore? There is no light, there is no light, and his own eyes seem so blown out, so dark and empty and he can’t breath; he’s trying but he can’t; everything seems too oppressive, seems to weigh on him with a force that makes him think the ground itself will swallow him and his dull heart.
Tony nods. “Bye, honey.” Then Morgan makes some gestures at him, swaying her hands and pointing with her fingers. Tony laughs. “Madame Secretary says she loves you three thousand, but I think she’s confused, since you’re way below that score.”
When the boat is finally not sinking anymore, they get on it with the two girls. For a while they pedal, just to distance themselves from the shore. The wind is fresh through their hair, and the sun is pleasant on their salted skin.
He slowly started moving his hips, crashing into Tony’s ones, and Tony moaned again and again, all messy and loudly because he didn’t care. He wanted to hear his own noises because the sound of it was making him realise it was really happening, he was really alive, he was really being held and loved.
And then, of course, all the numerous pictures of the man with his family gathered around the Christmas tree, at some fancy gala party, or around the world. There was a frame showing Tony with a newborn Morgan in his arms looking into a telescope, then another one with the little girl on a bike and Tony trying to hold her straight, and then still another picture with the two partners kissing.
He chuckled a little, then proceeded further “honestly, I don’t even get why you’re always so stiff: just relax a little bit, perhaps?!”
“You know”, Steve giggled directed to the headstone “Yesterday I saw Morgan at your house. She asked me if she could borrow my shield once again. She said you used to let her use it like a sleigh or something, and because you allowed her to do it I should too.”
Tony kisses him again, makes his own tongue dart in Steve’s mouth. “I thought it would never happen” he confesses.
Steve jumped from the couch, thus approaching Tony on the chair and grabbing his hands out of the blue, surprising his own self. “Of course”, he murmured and Tony quivered a little when he raised his look to meet his one- shiny blue eyes that seemed to have trapped the universe’s sky in them.
Steve kissed him once more, trapped Tony’s noises in his own throat, then made his lips trace all of his body, the wounded skin beside the arc reactor, and then his soft belly, and then his tight abdomen, and the smooth flesh between his tights by taking Tony in his mouth and making him groan again, trying to make him sob from pleasure this time.
“Dads always lie!” Mary says squinting her eyes with laughter. “Mine does too! He thinks I do not know that, but I do.”
This night he has dressed properly, a soft linen shirt and he has even trimmed his goatee to be presentable. He has no idea how this night is going to end like, but he’s weirdly not expecting anything at all. He’s just happy to spend some time with Steve. And he’s glad Steve seems happy to.
“Please”, his heart is crying. Air feels like sand through his throat, his lips parted with sorrow, and he’d want it all to end.
It pains him to realise she doesn’t have a lot of friends. One thing they do not have in common is their liveliness. Tony is always the first one to initiate conversations, and he rarely shuts up. Morgan probably took her social skills from her mother. Pepper never was one to meddle into someone else’s affairs.
They spend the rest of the night joking and flirting way too openly, and Tony offers another round of drinks, and Steve doesn’t seem to be affected by the alcol in his body.
“Not watching is impossible when you looking like that are involved” Tony claps back, still not averting his eyes from him.
The grip on his hand, resting on his tight while he drives, is strong, it gives him relief from the quiet thoughts he’s having by listening to this song. And Steve looks at him smiling, his eyes telling what they’re both thinking in that moment- ‘I can’t think about anything but you.’
When it’s finally their turn, Morgan and Mary take a large chocolate ice cream, and Tony already dreads about the moment he’s gonna have to wash away the stains on Morgan’s dress.
Steve gives him a lopsided smile. “Yeah, I always worry with her” he confesses. “People look at her with a judging face. She’s not the typical five year old child, and not everyone is comfortable with that.” He tightens his lips. “I don’t want her to feel judged, you know.”
But he managed to make the girls join a children club which is going to have a sleepover that night, so maybe he can finally have some time with Tony alone.
He sees his little Morgan still sitting legs crossed on the sand, her pink kerchief precariously holding on her ruffled hair. She’s filling a bucket with sand and eyeing in a critic way at the construction of a castle in front of her. Tony smiles again, amused by how his babygirl is not only playing with sand like all the other kids, but is actually taking the act of building constructions very seriously.
When things had settled a little, after a few months since the battle, Steve had come to visit Pepper, giving his own self false hopes that by making himself seen he would have mended the pain he believed he had caused.
And Steve let him, and replied to the kiss with the same energy, the same hunger, and leaned on Tony once again, making his hands wander on the other’s man dark hair, and strong back. Tony was suddenly feeling, everything at the same time, all in once, and it felt so good. His heart was racing, and for a moment he almost thought it was going to fall from his chest, but if he was going to die this way he was good with it.
Steve doesn’t really know how to describe it, he cannot name something in his appearance that makes Tony so attractive, but he just is. Gorgeous.
He had quickly turned around when a soft voice had made him startle, just to find Tony sitting quietly on a bench right there. Steve had come back to his exercises, while he pretended not to have been caught crying.
Steve nods. “Well, you stress yourself so much with work for you daughter all the same, so I don’t think you have something to reprimand yourself for” he says, and his words warm Tony from the inside. It’s nice to hear some comfort sometime.
“I care” Steve whispered again in Tony’s ear. “I care, I care.” He repeated it at every thrust, his hands sliding on Tony’s skin, making him feel his presence, all his fondness in his gentle touch.
Steve feels incredibly at ease with him. He feels like he could tell Tony anything, confess even his darkest secrets. Tony looks at him with such reassuring eyes, and his voice is so sweet and such a relief to Steve’s fears and insecurities. He hasn’t felt like this in years, and he was sure he would not be able to feel like this anymore.
“I love you”, Steve murmured, and before replying to the kiss, he grasped a look of Tony’s eyes and thought that all the stars of his own sky were trapped in there.
Tony grins encouraging him to go on, but Steve scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah, have a good meal” he wishes, his cheeks faintly flushing.
Tony looks at their interaction a little entranced, still stealing glances of the hot stranger in front of him, when the man finally turns and looks at him.
He had got up from his bed, and had started wandering around the rooms in search of something he didn’t know of; but without even realising it he was directed toward Steve’s bedroom, his inner thoughts telling him that he was the only person whom he could find comfort to.
Tony gets closer to the bed, then chases her. “Now you get your punishment” he jokes, starting to tickle her belly, and Morgan shouts with laughter and tries to free herself from his grip.
She nods with some sort of severity. “I promise” she claps back, then she makes a small smile. “I like Tony, though.”
He rolled his eyes and kind of laughed in distress “And now you have just made me be so rude to you, you have created this whole drama just because you couldn’t repeat -as a
, he repeats another time, because he’s acting like it is, and he’s already picturing afternoons spent with Tony on the beach, and he needs to stop this. He’s gonna break his ow heart all by himself.
: someone who could make him feel less lonely, someone who could sit next to him and just be quiet while enjoying his company.
Tony too laughed, and he suddenly felt a little lighter, being there with Steve. But a moment after, the giggle abandoned his lips, and his face darkened a little when he reminded how everything in his life was temporary.
“I’m sorry”, Tony is finally able to let out in a whisper, but his eyes are still filled with tears and he does not even know what exactly he’s apologising for. He’s just some kind of ashamed to be seen like this, a wrecked version of himself, someone who he always tries to hide or even deny existing.
Stars are starting to make their appearance in the dark sky outside the slightly open windows, roads and landscapes chasing one another while they are driving home. Tony has been holding a conference that night, and Steve offered to wait for him until he finished all the pleasantries with the many people present at the meeting.
But he still did not tell anyone what he was doing. Steve had gone on a mission, and Tony knew it was not fair to him to do this thing while his boyfriend was away and unaware of the whole situation. But he also knew that Steve would have insisted to remain there with him and desert his mission had he known about it, and he couldn’t allow it, not when there were lives depending on it. So he had hidden the appointment, he had said goodbye to the blond man, and once he made sure no one would question his stance, he went straight to the hospital.
Tony shushes him placing his own hand on Steve’s one and shifting himself closer to Steve’s broad chest.
At the praise, Steve blushes again. “I’m sort of an artist” he fidgets, lowering his eyes. “I mean- I’m trying to. I actually work as a designer on commission, but my dream is- you know- to just dedicate myself to my passion and for it to be enough.” He drinks again, a little more hastily, and tries to avoid Tony’s eyes.
“Do you remember our first kiss?”, he muttered now smiling softly, “I still recall it when I feel sad. I think that is one of my happiest memories”.
He’s been thinking about it lately, about having a night just for him and Tony. The only time they had just the two of them was during that first drink Tony offered him the day they met.
When he was younger, Steve and his wife would always rent one of these and pedal around, stopping in the middle of the sea where the water was clearer. He loved it. He would spend hours and hours drawing the sea, while his wife would lap around the boat.
A piercing pain had hit his heart causing him to stop himself from moving, and the little girl decided to shyly approach him now reassured by his quiet look.
But Tony gives him all new sensations. There is nothing in him that makes Steve regret his past, or feel guilty for what he’s doing. Nothing like that. When he’s with Tony, Tony is all there is in his head. And seeing him playing around with Mary, joking and laughing with the two kids so lovingly, dedicating his whole self to them- that’s something that makes Steve’s heart flutter.
“Make me feel how much you care” Tony urged. “Please.” The way his voice kind of cracked at that simple begging word made Steve’s heart ache, but Tony’s hands were rough on his flesh, gripping and holding his lower back until Steve let himself go inside of him, while Tony too moaned loudly with his own pleasure.
“I made you something” Steve bubbles. “But don’t take me for a creep” he begs, handing Tony the paper.
“Quite nice” he comments with a grin, and he smoothers his thumb over Tony’s wrist. He can spot Tony shivering at that, his gaze growing more focused on him.
“Well, I’m sorry I was living during wartime and stars were not really my priority!” Steve had replied while pretending to be offended, “perhaps you should find a smarter boyfriend”, he teased.
, his hands as well. He knows he’s breathing but he’s gagging on air itself: his lungs seem to be so full they’re about to blow up, but at the same time there is not enough oxygen in them.
But Steve looked at him how Tony had always wanted to be looked at, and while kissing him once again, he pushed one finger inside of him, catching with his mouth another moan from Tony, when he let another finger slide inside him.
And now, to see those elegant and fancy letters forming Tony’s name following that “in loving memory” goodbye was way too painful for him to bear.
“A huge man like you, all upright and honest. Ready to do the right thing, America’s favorite.” Again, Tony remained quiet, as if he was waiting for Steve to demolish that punchball, which happened a few seconds later.
“You don’t have to” Tony answered and then briefly blushed trying to look away from him. “I just-“ he added. “I just don’t want to think about later.”
Steve has to hide a smile too, before he shakes his head. “I’m not talking just about Tony-“ he says.
“I get the feeling” Steve murmurs, his shoulders slumping the slightest bit. “Being a parent is not exactly the easiest job.”
He remembers how the girl kept on talking that morning, but he was still thinking about all the appointments he had to postpone for that week. He knows this is the only time he has to spend with Morgan, since the rest of the summer she’s gonna stay with her mom, and he really wants to be free to stay with her the most, but his company is not gonna run by itself, and he’s kinda scared he’s not going to be able to balance his businessman’s duty with his father’s duty.
“Will you join us too?” Tony asks once he’s finished with his stretching. “Or you gonna take advantage of me and make me babysit the kids?”
to keep himself busy, or else he would feel his whole desperation fall on his head. And by working and operating he had managed to go through a really rough time, to overcome endless nights during which he felt like dying was his only option.
“And you’re a big mouth” he claps back while Mary keeps on giggling. He stays quiet for a couple of seconds, waiting for the little girl to give him her response.
The following turns it becomes clear that it’s actually a competition between him and Steve. The girls seem to find the ball too heavy, and except a couple of lame throws, they mostly make the ball fall in the gutters by the sides.
But the truth was that he indeed already knew all that stuff. No one would have ever allowed him to take part of deadly missions if he didn’t know at least what stars were made of. But watching Tony explain things so simple in a so passionate way drew him into pretending not to know anything just for him to keep on talking.
At this point Tony got rid of his look of innocence and just straight up snorted “You know what, Rogers? I’m tired of you, you’re
Steve didn’t say a word, so Tony started bumbling once again, this time a little awkwardly, something very unusual for him.
“We sort of switched kids” Tony finally states, and chuckles at his own words. “I mean-“ he bubbles. “Look at your daughter, so lively and loud, just like me. And look at
“Tony!” Steve greets back, beaming in the dim light of the patio outside the hotel. “Should we go?” he asks.
Steve swallows guiltily, already feeling his cheeks heating up, and he wonders in the back of his mind if Tony would get angry at him if he knew Steve even drew him.
Tony groans theatrically, blushing a little more. “You’re a little shit, you know that, right?” he asks fondly. “Step aside, Pamela Anderson, and see how these things are done” he announces before jumping too.
He sets the phone on the table with a smile. Things with Pepper might have not worked, but there is always going to be true affection between them, and what pleases him the most is that they do not have to fake to get along just for their daughter. The respect is real.
He looks him straight in his eyes and slightly parts his lips. For a long time he did not want to say it out loud, he did not want to say
“So, Tony Stark” Steve says once their drinks are in front of them. He takes his glass and takes a sip. “What do you do for a living?” he asks.
“Steve-?” Tony called one night. He could not sleep, he was trying but he just couldn’t. It had been one of those days during which he was not feeling that good, actually questioning his own life, asking himself if it was worth it to keep on going hour by hour, day by day, month by month, without even feeling a damn thing, without managing to undergo an emotion or anything.
Steve stops his movements for a moment, giving him a brief pitiful smile before lowering his gaze on Tony’s flat chest, noticing how the sweater falls smoothly and does not get caught in any metallic circle.
“That sounds tiring” Steve comments. He’s so focused on Tony talking that he has not even touched his drink again.
Tony makes a terrified face, probably thinking Steve is going to get angry at him, but Steve chuckles loudly. “Don’t worry, I’m not mad. I’m actually impressed my boyfriend is such a known business man.”
far away, like whoever is saying his name is not even in another room but in a different reality, in some soundproofed bubble that makes just a little echo escape from it. He’s so cold.
Tony laughs lightly, and he drinks again. “Well, then it’s a luck they found each other” he points out with a grin. The two girls really seem to get along, and they are now holding hands while strolling. Their heads nicely contrast with each other, blonde and brunette hair ruffled by the fresh air of the night.
When it’s time for he and Steve to say goodbye to each other, they look like shy teenagers, none of them knowing how to act around the other. Tony sighs contently. “I had fun” he admits.
Steve nods vigorously. “More than good!” he exclaims. “I like to hear what the person in front of me is saying” he adds, and at that Tony chuckles.
He took his head with his two hands, as if he was trying to stop it from grieving that much “I can’t, Tony! I can’t! I can’t do
Steve cackled, and for the first time that morning he felt a joyful stitch in his chest “You used to call me grandpa because of my doubtful fashion choices, but now that I really look like one, Tony- Oh, you would have laughed
The only touch he had allowed so far was Steve’s, so to see those cold gloved hands approaching his skin, so
Finally, Tony sits up. He has never considered himself to be the kind of parent who competes for his child to be better than other kids, but for god’s sake, his daughter is a
“Let me see, sweetheart”, Tony encourages him, and when Steve finally loosens the grip on the gift he’s hiding, Tony is left speechless.
Steve's heart ached. He knew Howard as a good man, but spending these years with Tony has made him realize a side to him that he never thought possible. Howard left a piece of Tony broken. Steve would give his husband the world if it made him happy, but this wasn't something the soldier could fix.
"Fine, He can stay for a couple of weeks but then he is going back. I'll send an email to his caretaker in the morning" Tony grumbled, glaring at Steve's smug smile.
Then it was his pops' turn. Peter wasn't surprised when the hammer moved. If anyone was worthy, it was his pops, and not because of any super serum. The teen stifled a giggle at the fear on Thor's face and how he relaxed when his pops gave up.
"Whatever. Peter was there, it was a force of habit" his pops downright pouted, a small smile giving him away.
"Hey Pete, we need to talk to you" Steve said, and him and Steve looked at each other, walking over to the island and taking a seat across from the boy.
"By all means" Thor offered for Clint to try lifting if himself, and everyone laughed, gathering around to watch.
Peter laughed as his dad and uncle Rhodey put on their gloves and attempted to pull the magic hammer with no avail. Peter and his pops made eye contact and rolled their eyes fondly at the two men,
"In a group home in Queens. Doesn't seem like the friendliest joint. Known for runaways" Tony replied, turning back to his husband.
Peter’s made some great, new friends, too. Not that he doesn’t still keep in touch with his high school friends; he and Ned text, like, all the time. They’re only a subway ride away anyway, so they
grow brave enough to gauge his reaction, he’s not even looking at her. He’s frowning at his shoes, scuffing his heel along the tile floor. “I mean, I’ll
“I’m not just gonna leave you here.” Steve looked upward. Snow was beginning to fall heavily from the night sky, the flakes hitting his nose. “C’mon, let’s at least wait in the car.” He motioned toward the vehicle.
actually skim a paragraph or two, or possibly for dramatic effect. (Most likely for dramatic effect; he’s always been a bit… theatrical, a bit Shakespearean, really.)
? If he finally figured out that Bucky doesn’t like him, then good. Took him long enough. “I’m pretty sure you’re all exaggerating,” he says as he waits for a reply. “Like, sure, maybe he finds me attractive – and who wouldn’t?”
“Just thinking,” Bucky whispers, turning back. He glances at his own long-forgotten assignment. Algebraic equations are so unforgiving.
“Under completely normal circumstances, I’d abide by that rule,” Tony says, finally coming to a halt in front of a large, glass door. He flips around, regarding Peter with a level stare, eyebrows quirked. “But I know you’re a scientist at heart. I wouldn’t be able to stop you if I
It’s nearing six when they finally leave the freeway and pull onto a more recluse backroad, the white headlights of Tony’s car leading the way. There aren’t any streetlamps, though Tony doesn’t seem concerned; he visibly relaxes, absently drumming his hands on the steering wheel.
when messaging his closest friends. Maybe Tony felt a pang of sympathy, but that doesn’t mean much; until last week, he didn’t even remember Steve’s
as it dribbles out the side of his mouth, pouring straight down his neatly pressed button-down. More steam rises.
. Anxiety is a prevalent part of his personality, there’s no denying that, but Jen won’t ask. Bruce often worries too much for his own good; the man worries about
, thanks,” Tony says haughtily, not-so-subtly sticking the paper in his back pocket. “And the end product will be worth it. It will
“I saw him buy lunch for Thor the other day, that was nice.” Steve rubs the back of his neck. “He helped Bruce Banner with his science project; they were working on it in the cafeteria the other day. I also saw him help Peter Parker with some math homework. Oh,
relieved that they’re (probably) almost there though because he’s had to pee for the better part of an hour and it’s getting harder to ignore. The combating rain battering against the roof isn’t helping matters. He crosses his ankles, subtly bringing his knees together.
in the foyer the other day. It’s a little awkward to exchange casual pleasantries with someone he’s pretty sure he’s seen naked, but no matter. (Nothing a little whiskey can’t cure. Stark’s bound to have a good stock at his mansion.)
The words YOU HAVE BEEN ACCEPTED stood cleanly out against the rest. “Looks like we’re gonna be roomies!” he exclaimed, looking up at the exact same time as Bucky, and Bucky smiled sweetly, his face filled to the brim with unbridled affection.
. She looks more like the drummer she always claims to be (evidence still pending). “Just a little incident with some gum.”
; the guy’s been in Pasadena the last few years. So, it must be a new guy? “Who’s that?” she asks, dropping all pretense; curiosity may have killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back.
Peter’s heart almost stops, and he quickly exits out of YouTube, switching to his messages. He swallows, hard, ignoring the stares of the baristas. Other customers are here now – maybe only a few, equally exhausted college kids, who might
have his own personal kryptonite: Math. Peter’s a scientist at heart, but that doesn’t mean he particularly enjoys
“That was nice of you,” Jen says, trying to keep her voice level even as a laugh threatens to break the barrier of nonchalance. Her voice
Everyone seemed paired off, his own friends included: Bucky was already latched onto Pietro Maximoff, his arm wrapped around Pietro’s shoulder, while Wanda animatedly chatted with the pair. Sam was still standing in the semi-circle, laughing away with new friends as the dark-haired girl nuzzled his neck. It didn’t distract him in the least.
He pulls out his phone, finding an array of messages. Mostly from Tony, which is nothing new, but Steve can’t help but smile. Even if this whole thing
However, the anxious fluttering in Steve’s stomach, just at the very idea of having Tony’s eyes on him, says otherwise. He shakes his head. “I’d rather not.”
“Think so.” Tony squinted at the lights. “I don’t remember livin’ in Whoville, but then again, Jen’s always tellin’ us to be more festive. She might’ve done some redecorating.”
a form of calculus,” Peter says. He presses on the paper with his fingertip, shifting it back to Tony’s end. Nothing here applies to anything he wants to actually
“And maybe it was unfair to ask Jennifer to talk to you,” Tony rolls his wrists, audibly cracking them, before setting them back at ten and two. “Considering you don’t really
When Steve finally lifts his gaze, he finds Sam staring at him, eyebrows quirked. “I’m glad you find my love-life so amusing,” he says, swirling his straw in his soda; the ice cubes clang against the glass. He rests his chin in his free hand.
puts it) relationship is killing him inside. By the slight tilt of his head and raising of his too-bushy brows, Bucky would assume that he’s more… confused, and wondering what the hell Bucky’s deal is?
“Mr. Barnes,” the councilor said, handing him a cloth, “you’re turning into a frequent flyer.” She turned to Steve and sighed. “You too, Mr. Rogers.”
even Ned, himself, but that’s – that’s all just super irrelevant in the grand scheme of things, right? Right. Ned never has to know anyway.) So, he can’t have a
It’s cute. It honestly isn’t fair how cute it is. But Steve stays in stasis, keeping his face completely blank. At least to the best of his waning ability.
“It was worth it,” Bucky said, and he meant it. Getting sent to the principal’s office every other week was getting old, sure, and he wasn’t exactly keen on losing so much blood so often, but Steve was worth the trouble. “You were only standin’ up for the girls. I just wish you wouldn’t’ve picked
“No, no,” he says quickly, rubbing the back of his poor, hopefully not bleeding, head. He gratefully takes Gwen’s hand and she pulls him back up. “This isn’t necessary –”
Still, he tries hard not to wince as he absently plucks a random shirt off the rack; it’s an orange and red, flowery button-down, about five sizes too big and about twelve inches too long.
Steve resists an urge to swallow. He’s more likely to swallow his own tongue than anything if this conversation goes where he
Natasha nods. “I can tell.” And she opens her mouth, like she’s about to add more, but Clint pipes in:
From the way her eyes light up, Natasha’s definitely fighting a smile. She turns away, however, before he can witness it. “I thought getting out of the house would do you some good,” she says, and it’s not like she’s
good archers; the wind has done little to throw off their aim, or even the trajectory of their arrows. He can’t deny for one moment that they’re not good at what they do, having watched them practice shooting for the better part of the last hour.
“I ain’t stupid, Steve. I saw the way you used to look at him.” Sam stretches his arms high above his head, yawning. “It’s the same look you give Tony
Steve held back another groan. He was never getting home. Never. “Alright,” he said, taking a deep breath. He flexed his fingers over the steering wheel. “Do you need –”
As if the Gods of Traffic have bestowed upon them, cars begin moving again. Tony visibly relaxes, his tight-knit scowl softening. He makes a quick-witted comment about adding jet-boosters to his muffler, pauses, then adds, “I’m kidding, of course.”
Before Peter even gets a chance to open his mouth again, another voices pipes in. There’s no tangible source; nothing standing in the foreground, riotously waving its arms and screaming, ‘oh, dear’ or even any tiny droid rolling along the dirty floor, beeping at whatever crosses its path.
Tony paused for a moment, eyes drawn to the house. “You know what just occurred to me?” He turned back to Steve, smiling almost sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck. “And I hope you see the humor in this as I have, but –”
to say,” he muttered, batting at the family cat as she attempted to stick her whiskers in the paint can. She gave him a contemplative look and backed off.
Jen pours herself a cup, taking special care to send the man a pressing glare; he keeps muttering to himself, though averts his eyes to his own lap. “You can’t
“Sorta sounds like me and this one gal. Peggy.” Steve smiles, a little sadly. Their break-up still feels fresh though it happened a while ago. Shortly before last year’s Christmas Fiasco at the Maximoff’s Mansion.
last breakup.” Bruce draws a breath, still not looking at anyone. “And I basically said that we split due to… incompatibility issues.”
“Well, that, and I always sorta assumed that she wasn’t exactly my biggest fan,” Bucky shrugs a shoulder, pleased when Steve shakes with laughter, face buried in his hands. “Which I never thought was
been ‘taking it from here,’ since they’ve basically demoted her from lab partner to ‘witness.’ Just in case DUM-E
. The incessant shuffling and sniffling seems more exacerbated than usual, but still, Jen persists. She’s passing this class if it literally
“Wait. What?” Even in the hazy blue light, she can tell that whites of his eyes aren’t so white anymore. Much like Bruce’s, they seem almost inflamed, the blood vessels a deep red. He needs to sleep more. Hell,
the last time he’d shaved? He swore that Steve winced, but he must have just imagined it; exhaustion was a funny thing. “But uh, I’ll be okay. Really. Go. Go have fun at the movies. I’ll just – I’ll find something to distract myself. Maybe I’ll invite Sam over. Or maybe I’ll just take a nap, I dunno.”
, she seems at least mildly sympathetic. Mildly.  More amused than anything. “But I mean, it can’t be just
Just a little disclaimer: I do not live in New York, nor have I ever been there. Everything I know about it is from movies, my friends who live there, and Google. So I am sorry if I ever get anything terribly wrong, geography-wise. I'm trying my best. T_T
Ignoring the fact that none of that even made a lick of sense, Steve managed a small smile. It felt nice to smile. “I sincerely doubt it. Now come on.”
Tony just stares at him. The look in his eyes is far from here, far from home, far from any plane of existence, like he’s having an out-of-body-experience. Like he’s trying to decide where it all went wrong, and Peter’s not really sure
. Math, when applied to scientific calculations (e.g. chemistry or engineering) is interesting. Math by itself, like with any one of lame-ass, "if Thomas leaves the station at 2 P.M., when will he arrive in Vancouver?" problems is just so... damn...
He did seem less out of it than before, speaking more slowly and deliberately. His words didn’t slur together quite as much.
know all the logistics, but I trust him. He knows what he’s talking about.” He stares out silently for a good minute, frowning. “If not, I guess I could always ask Pete to fill him in, though Pete
“I’ll talk tomorrow then,” Tony says with a smile, and when he finally turns away, Steve can’t help but smile back.
told anyone how he felt, he’d wind up breaking down. Right here, right now, and no one needed to see that. Let alone
Tony laughed. It was a weak, but it was there. “Fair enough. I guess I’ll just bitch about my lackluster life then, if that’s okay? If I had my phone, I’d be callin’ a friend of mine, time differences be damned. Though he lives in Cali, so it’s still pretty early there anyway, so –”
Stark shrugs, still hugging himself. “I thought about it, I really did. I miss James a whole lot, but I just couldn’t bring myself to leave after…” He trails off, lowering his gaze to stare at the ground.
at the Maximoff’s Christmas soiree last year,” Natasha adds. “But everyone was drunk, so I doubt anyone remembers anything.”
for someone like Bucky who’s impatient and is slowing growing more and more claustrophobic the longer he stays in New York. “But he definitely did at
“And you would be too if you stopped mopin’.” Bucky frowned into his drink. “I’m sorry ‘bout Pegs, I really am, but there’ll be others. And it’s not like she hates you or anythin’.”
Peter’s lack of chopstick skills; hello, sauce stains. “Yeah,” he says, running a hand over the lace, “and she thinks it’s, like, some
, like Fury’s given him another laboratory to play around with. “Don’t give up so easily, Pete.” His gaze briefly diverges as he glances at the computer screen where another series of numbers pop up; Peter takes this moment to drag a hand through his hair.
come with.” Bucky sighs, though he can’t help but smile when Beth finally drops off his food. She smiles back and it does seem genuine, but she also just looks utterly exhausted; deep crevasses linger under her eyes. She’s getting a big tip, that’s for sure.
gettin’ into college. Or hell, if he even made it past freshman year, he’d jump for joy. He practically had a criminal record at this point.
“Well, it was my parents’ technically,” Stark says, picking at a piece of fuzz on his sweater. It’s probably a good thing that he isn’t wearing leather again because Steve’s already staring. God knows what the punk would do if Stark were wearing his leather jacket; punk's a fetishist, no doubt. “But in any case, as their next of kin, it’s mine.”
“Luckily I’m right up the street.” Tony wiped the windshield with his sleeve. “This is the Parkers’ place. They’re
Tony huffs another breathless laugh. “I don’t even wanna tell you ‘bout some of the shit Rhodey and Pepper come up with sometimes.”
“If it’s anything to do with math, no.” Bruce smooths out the front of his shirt, though it doesn’t do much good; it still looks like he’s grabbed it out of a laundry basket that’s been sitting around for a week. “I’m not in the mood to read six-hundred problems about shoving watermelons into convertibles. I’m already swamped tryin’ to make sure Tony doesn’t blow himself up.”
“You don’t need to wait with me or anything.” Tony hugged his sides; his jacket wasn’t exactly winter material. “Bruce is prob’bly out with Jen. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”
explain why it seems Bruce does most of the talking, though. Truthfully, she chalked that up to Thor’s interest in food, but now that she thinks of it –
“Hey, hey,” Wade says softly, handing him another cookie, “it’s okay. It’s just a fight. You guys’ll get through it.”
sayin’.” He jabs his thumb sideways, offering Steve a less-than-comforting grin. “Besides, the guy seems
The area is quiet. Nothing new. Bucky and Sam are sitting at one of the tinier tables, a pile of books between them. Bucky also has homework, but no matter. There are more important things at hand. He glances back at the Odinson brothers; they’re the closest, though Thor’s not doing much more than flipping through a magazine while Loki scours the shelves.
, Tony,” Peter says loudly, trying to hear himself over the blood rushing in his ears. He’s not quite sure
idea. Tony Stark announced his address every single time someone pissed him off – much to the disdain of his roommate; the school
“Nah, that was the guy Steve slept with after he and Peggy broke up,” Sam cuts in, and Bucky doesn’t miss the few curious stares this garners. Maybe they
The coffee shop sits alone. It’s her personal favorite, one she’s unwilling to share with the boys. For the
He tilted his head back, grimacing at the feeling of blood dripping down his chin. He’d given up the ice pack at this point; he was going to have a shiner no matter what. It sat on the floor between his legs. His phone was going crazy, vibrating violently in his front pocket; it was probably his father, calling him to ask what he did
He nods, maybe in understanding, maybe not. Either way, he finally closes his mouth and follows her to the field.
Beer didn’t really suit Steve’s taste – he was more of a rum guy – but alcohol was alcohol. He took the cup gratefully, draining most of it in a large gulp. It didn’t quite satisfy without the burn of other, stronger drinks. “That’s easy for
“I sorta – I just kinda blurted it out.” Bruce shifts in his seat, staring too closely at his trembling hands. “But I made it pretty clear that
“Maybe if the kid didn’t spend so much time pickin’ on guys, like, four times his size.” Becca takes another large bite of hashbrown, though has the knowhow to dab her face with her napkin afterward. There’s no ketchup this time, but the amount of grease on her face is a little worrying.
“And you’re okay with that?” Steve asks because though Tony’s smiling, it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
Becca breaks the silence without warning. “Do you think Steve ever wanted to tell James how he felt?”
apparently.” A sick spike of what feels like hope twitters in his already twisted stomach; he swallows, his mouth going dry at the very thought of Wade saying
He waved back, hardly able to conjure a smile. She was cute, no doubt, but he just didn’t care. “Nah, I’m good. I think
“I can get drunk anytime I want,” Stark shrugs. “I just like doing it in the company of friends.” His eyes shift to Bucky. “You look familiar.”
have his backpack on hand; it’s laying by his feet, leaning against the table leg. There isn’t much in there, however, beyond a few lazily written papers for his biochemistry and English classes, and an umbrella. Just in case.
“I mean,” Steve continues, his muffled voice suggesting that he’s also hiding and really, Bucky can’t blame him, “he did stop and help me up. But you know what he said to me?”
Stark grimaces as he hugs himself. “No need in an empty house. Besides,” he says, and for a moment, Bucky feels a pang of sympathy, “we never really
“Yeah.” Wade frowns. “But just try and get some sleep, ‘kay? And like, you can text me if you need anything.”
trying to gauge his relationship status.” Sam offers a weak smile that fades far too easily; maybe Steve’s glaring harder than he thinks. “I mean, I guess you could’ve just done some digging instead; I’m sure he has a Facebook profile.”
way about him, and I’m sure the feeling’s mutual.” He rubs the back of his neck, almost sheepish. “I mean, we are
too happy all of a sudden. And when he turns his attention toward her, he finds her staring at him, wearing an almost maniacal grin. She’s having far too much fun with this.
shot – but there are still some weird people here. Is there something on his face? Probably. He quickly wipes his cheek on his sleeve and then looks back at Tony, finding him on his phone
The Maximoff’s basement was dimly lit with only a ten-foot tree and a few lazily strung branches of light lining the walls, so Steve wasn’t even surprised when someone bumped into him. Or rather
, he’s still trembling, his gut seems to have closed up, and loud breaths keep coming out his mouth like hiccups, making it the only sound he’s able to perceive.
Learn to do everything lightly. Yes, feel lightly even though you’re feeling deeply. Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them.
Steve looks at him less shyly, now that Tony cannot catch him staring. His gaze drops on Tony’s lower back again, at the edge of the water almost framing it, and he feels the urge to grab it.
And then he decided not to look at himself anymore, not to even glance at his chest skin, not to even think about it.
Tony smiles back, actually not feeling stung at Steve’s shyness. He suddenly feels the certainty that they got time for things to develop in the most right way.
“Mary” he calls yet again at the blondie who’s pouting next to him. “Look at this” he warns, and without even putting too much effort in it he throws the ball and he actually gets a strike.
Tony was left speechless. The fact was that every day, after poorly eating a meal that he would call a lunch, Tony couldn’t wait for Steve to show up in his workshop; it had become an habitude and every time the blond man would come a little later, he would repeat himself that that’s was it, he was not going to come that time.
He feels like a creep, staying there watching Tony sleeping and drawing him while he’s unconscious, but something tells him that Tony wouldn’t mind the attention.
Steve tilts his head. “No, actually, we used to come here a lot, years back” he mumbles, some sort of fidgeting tone in his voice.
And while he was there, punching the sack with every single strength he could find in his body, he fell to the ground, keeping his head between his hands and trying not to tear up too loudly.
Then he reaches out with his hand and shakes Steve’s one. “I’m Tony, Tony Stark” he says, mostly because he thinks this Steve guy must have realised by now that he’s talking to the owner of Stark’s Industries.
Lately they had got along very well, and Steve had discovered that they were really a powerful duo when they decided to cooperate instead of arguing and fighting over everything.
“No worries” the man says, a smile back on his handsome face. “I’m Steve, by the way. Mary’s father” he introduces himself offering one hand.
Steve gets him; he doesn’t claim anything more that Tony can give him. So they remain like this for awhile: hands intertwined with hands, eyes locked with eyes, and heart connected to heart.
But then the scene changes and Tony is there. He’s beaten and bruised, broken down and crumpled on the floor. Steve almost doesn’t recognize the strong alpha he knew Tony to be. And then there’s the painful cries of his son.
Steve continues to ignore the questions and gathers what he needs, then he’s pushing past Tony to get to the bedroom. He stuffs the bag and zips it up.
“Guess you’re like daddy and enjoy parties, huh?” Steve pokes at his belly, laughing again when Peter pushes back.
The way Alpha softly strokes his stinging cheek has Steve leaning into the touch. For a moment he believes the alpha will allow him to keep this pup.
Pepper pulls back slightly to stare into his glistening eyes. “Yes. I know it and I know Tony knows it too. He’s lucky to have you.”
Natasha huffs. “Fine. I guess that’s fair. You need it more than I do. What else can I do to cheer you up?”
The voice is beginning to sound a lot like his mother. It reminds of how strong he really is and what he’s capable of. He can get up and fight, stand up to the bullies that have tormented him. He was stronger than them.
“I like to think he does. He believed in a Heaven and...I don’t know...I like to think he’s there. It’s supposed to be a happy place with no more pain and suffering or whatever. He deserves some peace. He didn’t get a whole lot of it here.”
His phone chirps in his pocket and he reaches into his jeans to get it. There’s a message from his papa.
Tony lets out a sigh of defeat and takes the chair he was occupying earlier. Natasha takes the one beside him, and softly speaks to Morgan, smiling at her and whispering that everything was going to be okay. Tony needs to turn his head away, not wanting to show his friends the tears that have gathered in his eyes.
“Yes, Dad!” Peter huffs and tries to take the picture back, only for Tony to turn away so he can keep looking at it. “It’s just really tiny!”
He gets as far away as he can from view before firing a string of webs and pulling himself up to the top of the closest building. He takes a moment to compose himself now that he’s away from the tower.
Tony’s entering his second trimester. The nausea has finally run its course and the fatigue wasn’t what it used to be. Tony had more energy, and he made sure to take advantage of it. Steve had to have the lab locked down.
“I can still take you to school,” Tony has returned back to his tinkering. The boot was near completion, but there was no telling if he’d ever put them on it again. Right now it was just a distraction.
The majority of the morning is spent tidying up her room and completing any chores she had, then working on the homework she had been assigned. It’s pretty uneventful, but at least she had something to occupy her time until her dad got home.
Being back at school and among his peers should lift Peter’s spirits. And to a certain degree it does. Ned was his best friend and his presence alone was enough to put a smile on Peter’s face.
I was able to get the next chapter written and now I’m posting before work. Hopefully there’s no errors and if there are I’m sorry! Anyway, I hope you all enjoy this and that you all are doing well 😊
“You’re just jealous.” Tony directs his attention on the screen and his face lights up at the image staring back at him. “Wow...a boy. Shit.”
The three words hit Tony like a punch to the gut. His brain malfunctions, unable to process the words and form the proper response. It was simple: just say them back. And Tony wanted nothing more than to repeat those same words.
And I know Alpine is from the comics but Bucky needs a friend right now. He lost his best friend and a child. He needs some hugs!
“Hey, squirt, it’s okay,” Tony quickly assures, ignoring the wet spot on his pants. All he cares about is comforting the scared pup. “I’m not mad. Shit happens.”
“You’re doing so good, Tones.” Steve leans forward, stretching his fingers out to brush away the dark strands of hair in Tony’s face.
Peter nods and he leads Flash out of his room and downstairs. He curses to himself when hears both of his parents in the kitchen.
“You’re going to be a wonderful mother, Steve.” Pepper hugs him tight, but not enough to bring discomfort.
Steve squirms and reaches down to where Tony has placed his hands, taking them and forcing them away. “Don’t.”
“So we’re really naming her Morgan?” Tony questions and Steve nods. “And her middle name? We haven’t decided on that.”
“Yeah.” Tony smiles sadly. His thumb is still stroking along Steve’s face. He’s tempted to kiss him again, but he only knows that will lead to more and they’ve done enough. It was time for them to move on. “We can still-”
“Tony!” Steve panics and his eyes widen in his fear. One glance toward his mate shows his chest still rising and falling slowly. His breathing was just as slow.
He only gets like this when a pup is involved or if Steve has been behaving. It should bring the omega some relief, but truth be told, he’d take the physical abuse over the fake love and adoration.
Steve is already in bed by the time Tony joins him in the bedroom. Tony quickly changes out of his suit and into something more comfortable. He crawls into bed beside Steve and pulls him close, sighing in content when Steve accepts his touch.
Dodger woofs in response, his tail wagging happily. He places both of his front legs on the couch cushion and leans in close to sniff and lick along Peter’s face. Peter’s face contorts and a loud wail escapes his pouty lips. Dodger ignores the shrill cry and continues to lick Peter’s face.
No. God no. He loves her. I just...sometimes he gets upset. You’ve seen it. I guess I was just worried that if he were to get overwhelmed again that maybe…”
Tony rolls his eyes and slips the number the omega gave him into his suit pocket. “I can actually. And what happened back there was harmless fun.”
Tony had even managed to set up a holographic image of Michael Myers in the kitchen. Near the knives of course. That would have to go. Peter didn’t need to be traumatized and Steve didn’t want that up when he was trying to cook.
With a shocked gasp, Steve backs away and glances down at his hands, eyes widening at the red that paints them. He lifts his head when he hears a gun cock and his eyes meet those of Brock Rumlow. He’s never seen the alpha so scared.
The awkwardness that lingers is uncomfortable. Tony’s sure if he were to leave it would disappear, but he can’t bring himself to follow through. Steve needed him now more than ever and he promised they were going to remain friends. A good friend would stay and help. And that’s what he was going to do.
He doesn’t register the tears at first. It’s not until the image of Steve and Peter blur does he realize the tears have clouded his vision. Tony sniffs and quickly wipes at them, clearing up the scene. But more tears take their place and Tony has to shut his eyes to keep them from spilling.
“First of all it was more than a minute. And second-” Flash pauses when he looks at the photo Peter holds up for him. He catches himself reaching out for it, only to retract his hand. “What the hell is that?”
Agent Coulson leads them back to the room where the pups are currently playing with Clint and Natasha. The sight startles Steve. His children had been so reserved when he first met them and continued to be around people they didn’t know. It was surprising to say the least to find them playing with the omega and alpha.
“I think he’s capable of being a nice kid. But really take the time to get to know him. I just don’t want you to get hurt.”
“It’s okay,” Tony assures. He’s not sure if he believes those words, but it’s all he’s got right now. The last thing he expected was to find Steve pregnant and in labor. “You’re gonna be fine. You can do this.”
There’s a moment of silence before the sound of little feet running down the stairs can be heard. Steve turns right when an upset Harley rushes into the room. His golden curls bounce with each step, and his blue eyes are filled with tears.
Bucky swallows hard but doesn’t contribute to the conversation. It’s obvious he doesn’t agree with what’s being said around him, but he backs down and lets the others make the decision.
Tony pays and it’s not long until they’re leaving the restaurant. Steve is just as quiet on the way home. He listens as Tony talks about work and his plans for the company. Steve was fine with the idea of Tony stepping down and letting Pepper running Stark Industries. Less time at the office meant more time at home. They wouldn’t be joining the team again any time soon, at least not until Peter was a little older and one of them could go off to help save the world.
But they do it for Peter. It had been his idea to throw a party in the first place. At first they had been uncertain if Peter would even want to do anything. But Peter’s love for Steve outweighed the heavy loss, and instead of letting his mood get dampened, he pushed on and was willing to bring everyone’s spirits up.
Steve had asked for a scan before they left, but Tony assured him that JARVIS didn’t need to do anything. He made sure the AI kept his secret.
Peter lunges at her first, fists raised. But his aunt is faster and she dodges the attack, blocking each punch he issues. Peter tries to be sneaky and surprise his aunt with the same trick he used on his papa, but he’s not quick enough and his aunt has him flipped and on his back in seconds.
“He gave up a lot for me. And I appreciate every single thing he did. He gave up his retirement and our trip to Disney World just so that he could keep me safe from the bad guys one last time. So yeah being an Avenger is hard and dangerous and you can risk losing everything, but I have to keep the ones I love safe. I can’t lose anyone else.”
Peter clings to his dad tighter, the tears in his eyes rolling down his face. “I don’t want you to go. You’ll stay, right?”
He doesn’t bother with building suits. That had been given up a long time ago. The decision to step away from Iron Man was difficult; he and the suit were one, but it was just another painful reminder. He didn’t feel worthy of the suit anymore.
“You ready for me?” Tony asks, his voice low. Steve whines in response and opens his legs even wider. “You’re so perfect, so beautiful.”
The contractions are getting closer now. Though Tony can’t feel them, he can definitely feel the pressure. He groans from the discomfort. The sounds he makes are difficult to witness. All Steve wants to do is help and take his pain away.
Tony sighs. “Look, kid, I’m trying to figure this out. I know it’s awkward and weird but I’m learning okay? I have no idea how to be a father. I just met you yesterday so it’s going to take time.”
“Yeah,” Steve eventually replies and he lifts his head to shoot Tony a reassuring smile. “That felt so good.”
It was a night that probably never should have happened. It only made leaving that much more difficult. But Steve didn’t need to know that. He probably didn’t feel anything anyway.
“But they want me and our son and now...now they want you. I never wanted them to hurt you and now-” Steve pauses and slowly caresses his mate’s cheek, careful not to disturb the large bruise. “-they have. Look what they did to you.”
With the man down, Steve takes a moment to collect himself. His breathing is labored and the pain in his stomach continues to worsen. He wonders if the kick he received plays a part in that.
“Hold her?” Tony questions and Peter nods his head in response. “You don’t have to ask. You’ll be holding her most of the night anyway.”
Tony sends her a quick glance before directing his attention back on his tablet. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
He glances down at the pamphlet Dr. Strange had given him. The idea of group therapy sounded both terrifying and appealing at the same time. He would have to interact with others and tell complete strangers his story. But they would understand. They wouldn’t judge him. They were broken like him. They too were trying to figure out what to do next.
As soon as their presence is noticed, the rambunctious pups abandon play time with their new friend and rush to meet their mama. Steve smiles and gets down on one knee to properly greet them with hugs and kisses.
“You do,” Natasha agrees. She picks up her glass and exits the kitchen, making her way over to one of the sofas. Tony follows her, taking the chair. He doesn’t miss the way she eyes him. “That’s his chair.”
“Did you two want to know the gender?” Doctor Patterson asks. Steve nods his head excitedly. His face heats up in embarrassment when the doctor chuckles. “I thought so. Let’s see if the baby will cooperate.”
Tony winces and distracts himself with his own cup of coffee, then begins digging through the bag he’s brought with him and pulls out a blueberry muffin.
Sleep doesn’t visit him. Tony lies awake, staring at the ceiling above him, his thoughts running wild. All he can think about is Steve and the next few weeks. He didn’t know how long Steve was going to need. For all he knew it could take a week or a month or even longer. Tony couldn’t imagine Steve being gone for so long. But he reminds himself that it would be worth it. The old Steve would emerge and their little family would be happy again.
Tony finally moves from his spot near the door, taking slow steps toward the bed until he’s standing beside Steve. His eyes are glued on the screen, completely in disbelief over the small life on the monitor. He watches as its little heart flutters.
Tony nods in response to Bruce’s question. “I know it’s horrible. I’ve been kicking myself all morning for thinking about it. He wouldn’t hurt her. That’s not Steve.”
It was going to take more than that to assure his best friend. He had a reputation of hiding any health concerns. He’s lost count of how many times Bucky had to step in and care for him when Steve neglected himself.
“Have you told him yet?” Ned asks for what seems like the millionth time. Ever since Peter came clean to Ned, it was like all he wanted to do was ask questions. Peter understands that his friend was curious and trying to piece everything together so that he can find ways to be helpful. The only thing Peter needed from his friend was a tight lip and to stop asking so many questions.
The details of his death were vague; all Tony knows is he was KIA. Steve fought hard to protect his country and the world. He died doing the thing he loved.
Pepper was a little easier to warm up to. She had been nice the first time they met, but their brief interaction wasn’t enough for Steve to consider them friends. It was nice having another omega around and one like Pepper. She was smart, strong and independent; nothing at all like the omega’s Steve was used to. But times were different now and omega’s could be whatever they wanted to be.
“Yeah. Morning sickness is awful, but it gets better. The second trimester is the easiest. Well, it was for me. Everyone’s different.”
Tony smiles back and pulls out another muffin. “Chocolate chip?” He offers and Steve comes over, stretching out his hand to accept it. “They’re really good. Blueberry is my favorite but this one’s good too. Oh and the tea is...I honestly can’t say. I’m a coffee guy.”
“Maybe James should be the ring bearer. Pete is probably too young. He’d probably run off with it. He tried to take it when I first showed him the ring.” Tony snorts at the memory.
Morgan is getting bigger and smarter every day. It’s a shame Steve isn’t there to see it all. Tony hates being separated, but he hates the separation Morgan has to deal with. Steve was the first person she met; his voice was the first voice she’d heard. It was the sound of his heartbeat that lulled her to sleep. She needed him more than anyone.
The moment Peter is in his arms, Tony can’t keep the tears back and he lets them flow freely down his face. He holds his son close, pressing kisses to the top of his head and inhaling the pup’s scent. It immediately brings him comfort.
Tony can’t help but smirk. “A romantic dinner and possibly dessert afterwards? Darling, I’d never be late for that.”
Peter glances down at his lap, pulling a piece of thread from his jeans and toying with it. He had been waiting years to meet his dad and get to know him, and now that they’re in the same space, the hype isn’t there.
It leaves just as soon as it comes, and he’s able to forget about it. Steve makes another attempt to sleep, only to find that he’s lost the ability. His stomach doesn’t hurt again, but it’s the fluttering sensation that keeps him up most of the night.
Oof poor Steve 😞 He needs a lot of help and of course some TLC. He’s suffered so much 😭 Don’t worry he’ll get the happy ending he deserves!
“You might have a little trouble. Look who their mother is,” Steve teases. Tony glares in his direction.
“Yeah.” Steve nods. He still appears hesitant to leave their daughter. Tony takes his hand, giving it a gentle squeeze to reassure him.
“With Pete? Yeah. Look how great he was when you were pregnant. That dog won’t let anything happen to this kid. I know it.”
Peter grows even more excited now that the chocolate has been added. Steve takes the bag away and sets it to the side.
They eventually arrive and Tony pulls the car up front and kills the ignition. An uneasy look is shared between them, then Peter is climbing out first and rushing toward the entrance. Tony takes a second to compose himself before following after his son.
The child in his arms is a surprise, but Steve’s heart explodes with happiness and love for his son. He wishes the circumstances had been better; if the other father would have stuck around to share the moment when their son entered the world. But Tony made the choice to walk out on them, and now it was up to Steve to care for the little boy.
The bedroom is the most ideal place for them. It’s their space and their mixed scents already cover every inch of the room. He had envisioned for their first time-he doesn’t count their encounter under Hydra’s control their first-to be special. Tony would’ve liked to make it more romantic, maybe scatter around rose petals, light a few candles. It’s cliche, but deep down he’s a sucker for it.
Peter brings the cake out with a proud smile and helps light the candles. It’s bittersweet when everyone starts singing, and a few tears are shed. Natasha is once again there to comfort Peter. Tony’s eyes roam over the rest of the team, taking in their hurt expression and tears. Bucky is crying and Sam has to pull him close and whisper what Tony can only assume are words of comfort.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve greets, his tone sounds unsure. The other night was still something they refused to talk about. Both were too stubborn to bring up the kiss that almost happened.
Steve hisses, forcing Tony to stop in his tracks. They’ve at least made it out of the elevator and the rest of the walk was usually short, but with Steve relying on Tony to carry him, the time spent getting to the apartment was taking longer than usual.
“You know,” Tony was confiding with a very soft and low voice “for a long time I thought I had nothing to do with you.” He stopped, and Steve punched harder the sand sack in front of him.
Tony melts between his arms. “Well-“ he smirks. “Then why don’t we find some place to be more comfortable?” he proposes. He looks down at Steve’s broad chest and adds: “And luckily less dressed.”
And Steve got it, he understood it by looking him in the eyes, that Tony was not going to ask for more because he thought he had already taken too much, but Steve kissed him fondly and finally let himself slide inside Tony, making him gasp a little, his lips wide open, his eyes darkened with appreciation.
Tony nods. “If Mary didn’t talk to her first, she probably would have spent these two past days all by herself” he mumbles. Then, because he feels like he has to say it, he looks at Steve with a small smile and says: “Thank you.”
They remained like this for a while, Steve’s forehead resting on Tony’s one, both panting in each other’s breath. Then Steve let him go, laying next to him on the mattress too.
Tony stares at it for an instant, feeling a little off-balance- if because of the hot sun or the hot stranger he doesn't really know.
Steve smiles. “Yeah, we’re going too.” He grabs Mary’s hand to help her stand up. The girl bats the sand off her knees with a groan.
“Let’s go to bed”, Steve says at some point, still holding Tony by the hand and leading him to the white mattress. He helps him get comfortable, then makes an expression that could be read as forlorn, guilt striking in his eyes.
Steve laughs lightly but Tony goes on. “I’m serious!” he states. “I think what you do is great and I feel you on the ‘I want do my passion as a work’ thing. I want it too. Hope one day you’ll get there” he smiles sincerely and Steve seems to be appeased by his words.
Tony approached him too, his brow still raised “You keep saying it but I really don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“So, so much” Steve whispered, his lips replacing his fingers, leaving light kisses on Tony’s neck, and jaw, and eyelids. “So much.”
,” she concedes. “But it’s going to happen sooner or later, and I want you to know I’m okay with it” she assures. She speaks with a resolute tone, and she seems so old for her age.
!” Morgan’s reproach comes clear between them, and they both turn to look at the little girl, standing right with her hands on her hips. They both laugh at her righteousness, and before they can realise it, they are all splashing each other again, four kids instead of just two.
He wondered if it was a good idea to do this with Tony too, pondering if the thought would make him feel guilty, but it actually only made him eager to suggest it to Tony, so he embraced the feeling and asked Tony to join him.
“Yes, I told you so! Coordinates, numbers, technological stuff… go on”, he mocked, then added “just, you know, don’t call me Cap’. You can call me Steve.”
“I fell in love with you because I had nothing to do” Tony murmurs, and once again, at first, Steve looks disoriented, almost as if those words were directed to him.
. But there is something stopping him, maybe the stillness of the moment, maybe the calm he reads on Tony’s face, that he’s so scared to spoil with his own torments.
He raises an eyebrow faking cluelessness. “Oh, I wouldn’t know” he shrugs. “I was quite of a genius myself, so-“ He’s not usually one to brag, but he saw the chance of being flirty, and took it without a second thought.
Steve is looking at him with a gutted expression but it looks like it is a deep affection more than a suffering that is devouring him from the inside.
Morgan is shy, really reserved. She’s smart and bright, and she helps him with his projects, always asks him when she doesn’t get something, always prompts her ideas to him. But she’s one of those children who do not really talk if not asked. Outside of scientific matters, she doesn’t speak her mind. She looks at him with wide eyes during dinner, and Tony gets by her glinting look that she wants to say something, but if he doesn’t ask, then she won’t say anything.
The image of a broken man makes him startle, makes him feel pity for his own self. He finds himself so ruined, so tired out by the events of his life. He can’t even remember the last time he has been happy. And he knows he’s selfish, he knows it is not right to think about his relationship with Steve and not saying he actually
-“ he goes on. “If there is something that makes you uncomfortable even in the slightest way- I want you to tell me” he orders.
And in this way Steve had lived in denial for days first, and months after, and then years, until one day it had actually hit him: the realisation that no, Tony would have not come if Steve had needed him.
And the first thing that comes to his head is that he is not okay. He is not. And he’s tired of pretending otherwise, to wake up and smile at whoever crosses his path while he feels like dying every second of his day.
Mary turns to look at him frowning. “Yeah, pop?” she asks. Her gaze makes Steve self conscious, and he feels like a teenager.
“You feel the same, right?” Steve asks softly, almost reading Tony’s mind. He strokes Tony’s hand back and flashes him a smile. “I know that look. The ‘if’ look. Sometimes it never goes away.”
He realised he had developed feelings for Steve once the blond man had come visiting him in his workshop. It was one of those numb afternoons, during which Tony would just classify old documents to keep himself occupied, without having a real interest in what he was doing. Steve had entered the room without announcing himself: he had sat on the couch, his sketchbook on his legs, and he had just passed the time drawing, without talking or anything.
boring. People can’t even dare to say something funny around you because you’d look them with that look of disappointment of yours.
“This looks a lot like a proposal”, Tony teases once he’s done tying the chain, and Steve smiles fondly at the suggestion.
Then one night, Tony was resting in the kitchen at three in the morning, his eyes not wanting to shut and let him sleep, when suddenly Steve had showed up too. He opened the fridge, and tried to look for something to eat, but thanks to the neon light of the device he caught Tony’s shadow all curled up on the couch.
And then without even realising it, he had grown used to work all night and sleep in the daylight, even though he would only manage to rest for a few hours before he actually had to wake up and pretend to live his everyday life like he had a full 8 hours of sleep.
He turned off Tony’s earpieces so that the music was now playing out loud. “Would you dance with me?” he asked, moving forward one hand to reach Tony’s.
“Me! Me!” Mary replies with another yell, and Tony carefully lets her go up in the air, and she falls back in the waters with a squeaky giggle.
He never finishes his sentence, because Tony tugs at his shirt and kisses him. Steve whimpers on his lips, probably not expecting it, but he quickly readjusts to it, and kisses Tony back with enthusiasm. He encircles his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling him in his embrace, and Tony goes limp in his arms, parting his lips and welcoming Steve’s tongue in his mouth.
“We’ve got time for that, babe”, he chuckles, but he does not look annoyed, nor nervous at the thought, just in a deep adoration for the small man sat cross-legged between the white sheets on the bed.
“You know,” Tony started. “They say if you get up at three in the morning chances are you’re possessed by a demon or something so- am I really talking to you?”
“Makes me regret coming” Steve bubbles when he first steps into the water. It is indeed very cold, and he feels his ankles shivering at it.
Steve shakes his head at his gratefulness. “You don’t have to thank me” he states. “Mary is not one to have many friends either. Kids do not always like her attitude” he grimaces. “She got in many troubles because of that.”
He had really wanted to undergo the surgery. He wanted to take the reactor off, he knew it was some kind of an impediment for him, to be so exposed to external threats. People could just slightly hint at touching the arc reactor and Tony would totally freak out.
He nods quietly. “Got it” he says, before clearing his throat. “So, there is this pub- quite nice, if you ask me” he bubbles changing the topic.
Steve’s breath catches, and his eyes are immediately on Tony’s face. Tony is smiling comfortably. “I like it” he says slowly.
He takes a sip from his smoothie, then adds: “She’s not really extrovert, and I hate not being able to help her with that.”
Steve relaxes. “Thank you” he says softly. “Sometimes she has to actually manifest all the energy stored inside her brain.”
In his mind a quiet, peaceful word keep making its appearance, a cry for help that no one would listen to even if he was actually able to express it. “Please”, he’s trying to say, “please”.
“This sounds incredibly interesting” Tony claps back with a resolute tone. “I love art, even though I’m probably too dumb to understand what’s going on.”
Steve takes a vanilla ice cream, while Tony takes a smoothie. They decide to stroll along the shore, the two girls always some steps ahead them, exchanging spoons of ice cream even though they took the same one.
For a moment Steve seems trying to find the words to explain himself further, but then he gives up and just turns away to search for something in the bag he had with him when he came back.
“It has not been the same anymore, since you’re gone.” A few seagulls quacking in the sky caught his attention again: they were trying to distance themselves from the darkness; waves were now crashing louder.
She scoffs. “I’m glad you’re having fun” she admits fondly. “And Morgan sounds like she’s having fun too, so I’m seriously happy.”
Another squeaky voice confirms the first statement. “Maybe we should add three centimetres on the left?”
Days start to glide over them. They meet on the beach every morning, go swim together, play around and laugh with carelessness. Sometimes they even have lunch together, eating sandwiches at the bar near the shore, and then napping under the umbrella.
Tony’s heart races miles, his lower abdomen suddenly interested in Steve’s low voice, and he has to swallow thickly and shake himself to remember they’re still in public and no, he cannot grab Steve’s shirt and push his mouth on him.
“Wow, you really have a high tolerance of that, huh?” Tony exclaims, feeling his own head kinda floating with contentment and lightness.
“Tony, Tony…” Steve was mumbling, but that cold headstone kept on giving him back those few distant sentences only.
Tony turns away, his eyes on the road in front of them, his heart aching a little at the thought that perhaps he had. Perhaps he had really fallen in love because he was feeling numb and empty. He still remembers it had come a time during which he would just wander around his lab, trying to find a project, a document,
"He's going to be okay, babe. Especially with that dog by his side" Tony snapped his head at him at that, confusion fluttering across his face.
"You're going to be okay. You understand me? Everything is going to be alright" Tony told him. Peter sniffled and looked down.
"Look me in the eye and tell me that we wouldn't give that kid the best life. That he wouldn't have all the love and protection that he could ever hope for" Steve took Tony's silence as an indication to continue.
Tony's eyes widened. He opened his mouth to speak (probably to protest) but instead let out a heavy sigh.
"Clint, you've had a tough week. We won't hold it against you if you can't hold it up" His Dad said, and his pops slapped him lightly for the inappropriate joke and nodded to Peter with a roll of his eyes. Peter only smiled.
"Yes. I think we should adopt Peter" Steve said, looking deep into his eyes. Tony scanned for any sign that he was joking, but found none.
After Clint couldn't lift the hammer, it was his dad's turn. It was physics, he claimed. Peter knew his dad was a genius, and although the young superhero's I.Q. wasn't quite as high, even he knew it wasn't
"Pete, you are a brilliant, amazing kid. You are going to find an amazing family and an amazing home. You just have to go back to the home for a little while" Tony explained as gently as possible. Peter nodded and said nothing.
"It's time for you to go home, Pete" Tony gave Peter a tight smile, who stared at them with wide eyes.
"You do anything like this again, we'll know. And we'll come back. And next time." Tony lifted his fist at the boys.
"You here that, Pete? He'll let you fight nazis but a bad language word is crossing the line" Everyone, including his pops, laughed at that.
Both men felt their hearts leap out of their chests as they saw tiny, four year old Peter curled up in a ball and crying, reminding them of when they met the poor child.
"But I'm still here. So I thought that maybe you were going to adopt me" he mumbled, picking at his pancake as tears streamed down his little face.
Tony looked at him in amazement. He didn't expect his super-soldier husband to be so great with children.
"I would love to meet this Benny you keep talking about" he smiled, and Peter gave a small smile, standing up and leading Steve to the lab, leaving Tony alone at the table.
“There it is” Steve laughed, and Tony couldn’t help but laugh with him. He was the only person who could make him laugh even when his thoughts were trapped in the darkest parts of his mind. Tony loved this man with everything that he had. He was the only thing that made life worth living.
she’s been avoiding him the last few days. She’s barely even answered his messages. She’s probably just busy though and he understands. (He’s still behind in history class, himself, though if Sam thinks he’s going to pour over that big-ass textbook, Sam’s got another thing coming.)
Steve blushes, shifting a little. He’s sitting cross-legged on Bucky’s bed, back resting against the wall. “I mean –”
,” Loki says, shaking his head, unconcerned. “And please,” he adds, glancing at her as she sluggishly stands, “I didn’t mean to startle you, but let’s not wake the neighborhood.” He elegantly crosses his arms, peeking an eye through the cracks.
Tony dramatically lolls his head back to stare at the ceiling, like he’s having a silent debate with his own A.I. and
. He laughs aloud and then stops when he notices Becca still looking at him weird. Weirder than normal anyway; siblings are an odd anomaly.
Peter half-heartedly waves him off, offering a smile of his own. The moment the door shuts, however, he drops the act and buries his head underneath the pillow. Darkness is safe. Darkness is sacred. Darkness won’t make his heart literally
did it,” Natasha appears at his shoulder. She falls in step with the trio, an apple in one hand, Bucky’s hoodie in the other.
“I am programmed to do Mr. Stark’s bidding,” the voice smoothly replies, the sound radiating throughout the room. It’s clearly not coming from the
it. You have a mansion.” Nat pockets her phone and begins fidgeting with the hoodie strings, twisting them around her thin fingers. “What – you want a medal?”
. It’s probably just not as big as you’re expecting.” Tony grabs shifts Peter’s homework back to him, and hands him a pencil. “Now, c’mon. You said you needed help, now let me help. You probably have a quiz soon.”
“My brother needs some help with his history project,” Loki continues as if she hasn’t spoken. He licks the tip of his finger and turns the page. He pauses, possibly
“Are – are you messing with me?” No one is standing in the corner with a microphone as far as he can
He switches hands. The ice helps, but water keeps dripping on his sheets and down the back of his neck; the Ziplock bag isn’t doing its job of
Bucky makes a mental note to see if he still has Pietro’s number in his phone. He also sends a subtle smirk to Sam because
Bucky turns to Sam, throwing his hands in the air. His spoon flies straight out of his hand. “Talk some sense into him, will ya?”
“I, uh – I was just think – thinkin’ about somethin’,” Peter says, offering a small grin. It slips away when Tony looks up, frowning. The words come even less easily when Tony just sits, staring at him. “And it’s, uh – it’s something I haven’t even told Aunt May or Ned or even Gwen or MJ and I just don’t – I don’t want you to think I’m weird or – or anything, but –”
, but the only source of light is hazy and blue. Plus, he’s not wearing his glasses even though he knows that he really
Tony merely chuckled. “Agreed.” He offered a brief wave and left, walking along the path with a small skip in his step.
Once upon a time, being squeezed next to Sam would’ve made Bucky struggle to think of dead kittens. Now he just sighs and readjusts his grip on the standing pole. He won’t deny that Sam
“I almost forgot to mention,” he says, scratching his head as he swivels back, “Odinson was looking for you.” And before Jen can even so much as ask ‘which one?’, Tony’s nodding at Bruce. “Thor, I mean,” he adds. “He wanted to ask you for help on something, I guess.”
he’s not whining about his libido for once. She’s heard way too much about Tony’s lonely penis for one lifetime.
Peter taps his fingers on the table, glaring at the doily cloth. Ben never would’ve settled for this ugly thing,
have it bad. “I figure we could leave around two or so. It’s a couple hours drive, biding for traffic, of course. Not that we’re crunched for time.”
Tony laughs. It’s a nice sound; one Steve hopes to hear more often. “My best friend’s name is also James. Last name’s Rhodes, so I just started callin’ him Rhodey one day and it stuck.” He glances at his phone; no one’s talking anymore, but he still lifts it to his ear and mutters a quick, “I’ll call you back” and pockets it.
is enough to make his heart flutter. But, just for the sake of saving face, he pretends it doesn’t. He only nods.
, far as he’s concerned. He's still too groggy, his world still too hazy to deal with this bullshit. Steve’s still too busy in his own little world to notice a thing.
Jen tries not to smile. She covers her mouth with her hand and quickly looks back at her homework. Somehow, though, criminal justice doesn’t seem
“I knew it!” Sam slaps the edge of the table. It’s loud in the quiet lull of mid-afternoon. A few people send them pointed glances, including Thor and Loki, but most people have headphones on and remain oblivious to the interruption. Thor returns to his magazine in an instant, his big, blue eyes glossy as he skims paragraphs; he’s clearly only here to keep Loki company, nothing more.
. He only nods and gnaws on his lip, still a little dizzy because Wade hasn’t moved. And if he didn’t know any better, he’d swear that Wade’s gaze flickers down to his mouth.
Unfortunately, Natasha doesn’t seem quite as excited by this turn of events. She just takes a large bite out of her granny smith and turns back to Steve. Or rather, turns to the side of Steve’s head since he’s too busy staring at something across the way.
Tony purses his lips, though doesn’t say anything more. He just spins back around and resumes typing. At least for a few seconds. Then he pauses again, and the
Bucky approached the easel, studying the piece carefully. Steve really did have a natural talent. It was a bit abstract; Bucky’s eyes were a little too big, his chin a little too long, but he pretended it was a stylistic choice. With enough practice, Steve would have everything down pat in no time.
When Bucky didn’t respond, Steve glanced up, finding his best friend surveying the painting. “What d’you call this piece?” Bucky asked. Bits of red and silver speckled button-down and his face, but he didn’t seem to notice. Or if he did, he didn’t care.
They walk silently down another hallway that smells vaguely of wet paint. Everything’s so bright, clean and new, like Tony’s built a machine whose primary function is to meticulously scrub the walls of every last speck.
“Nuh-uh-uh,” he says, literally wagging his finger. “We told you. No one’s allowed to see it until it’s
Bucky nods, distracted by the mental image of Steve trying so hard to cover his lap with whatever random object he can possibly find. It. Is.
“I know you’re tired, Jen,” Bruce says, standing to full height. He tries flattening his hair to no avail; he looks like he’s just rolled straight out of bed, rumpled clothes and all. His button-down is only half-tucked in his pants. “If you need to go, Tony and I can take it from here.”
Silence clouds the room and for a moment, Bucky wonders if Natasha's left him to his thoughts. But when he glances back, she's still standing in the doorway. She frowns thoughtfully at her shoes, shifting her weight between legs.
,” she says, sitting on the sofa. The current cat, another fluffy white monstrosity, jumps to lay on her lap. “But you can’t tell me that you never noticed that Steve had a crush on you. He was so obvious.”
seriously makes him not give two shits. “Alright, I’m gonna head back. Let me know when you’ve got an
“Not especially.” She tucks a strand of the longer side behind her ear. It will take some getting used to, sure, but he’d be lying if he said that it doesn’t kind of
