An awful sense of dread and worry was starting to build up in his stomach.
“Ow, what the fuck!” Sherlock called out, louder than necessary, of course, like the drama queen he was.
”Um? Thanks, I, er-” John takes the glass but then just stands there. Looks like he doesn’t quite know how to act. Possibly trying hard to conceal the fact that he wasn’t sleeping - not the entire time - Sherlock could hear his pulse and respiration change at the exact point on which he woke up.
He’d aced the interview, which in itself had been a great boost.
: I bloody well know it is! I’m not ashamed of who I am, John, and I don’t need your-.” He cuts the sentence short.
“Don't be ridiculous, John,” Sherlock snapped, but his voice was trembling ever so slightly. “What the hell do you think?”
And then, at the absurdity of it all, after the gruesome tension of this entire night, John just couldn’t help it. He could feel the corners of his mouth twitching, there was no holding back, and a big smile spread across his face. He broke out laughing.
”No,” John says. ”Won’t happen.”
The evening, so far, had been wonderful.
”Sherlock-” John blinks, worries his lip. ”Why are you so angry with me? What’s wrong? I’m sorry but I just don’t understand?”
He’d settled into a routine of taking an afternoon walk, did it almost every day when he wasn't on a case. Usually he would take the clock-wise path around Regent’s Park. He’d begin at Boating Lake, walk up past the zoo and then make his way back again.
”Him,” she corrected. ”His name is Doctor Kumar Riyat. He’s been with us for three years now, and he’s very good at what he does.”
Uses the surge of adrenaline to flip them over; has Sherlock flat on his back in no time. Holds his wrists in a firm grip above his head, sits on top of him to anchor his legs. Sherlock is struggling, giggling. The sound of his laughter fills John’s heart with so much warmth it might melt.
How the hell could he have been so stupid! He had rushed into a marriage with someone he barely knew, and then stayed with her, despite the terrible, terrible things that Sherlock had uncovered about her. Stayed out of duty and for the sake of the baby. How could anyone expect an arrangement like that to hold? This was the way John's thoughts had drifted throughout the day.
”You’re so fucking beautiful,” John whispered to him, still gazing into his eyes. Sherlock felt the muscles in his body starting to tremble, particularly so his legs. Maybe it was from the physical exertion, but it felt like there was more to it, as well.
”Good,” whispered Sherlock. ”But when I said I was rather good, I was referring to something specific. Can you guess, John?” And then he actually bent down to lick the entire length of John’s dick, as he, apparently, waited in John’s reply.
In the six months that had passed, John hadn't seen Sherlock, not even once. Not that he expected to. Or maybe that wasn't quite true.
And then it seemed to be settled, because John could see Sherlock straightening his posture and beginning to move, the other man followed. A moment later, they were standing in front of the table, and John snapped out of his trance. He braced himself and looked straight at them.
“Are you asleep?” he whispered.
Mary, Charlotte and Mark were all watching with great curiosity the two men standing by their table. They were both handsome, but together they made quite a striking appearance.
. His left arm is tightly wrapped around the pliant body next to him, he scoots tighter, feels a warm hand touch his arm. The heat, the softness of two sleepy bodies moving against each other;
”Yeah, sorry ’bout that. It’s just- I don’t think you should be by yourself tonight.”
But he had hidden John’s identity discs, nestled them inside a tied up scarf, pushed it all the way back in his underwear drawer.
Doesn’t take long, though, for that feeling to shift into something else; heavier, darker. John will bring lunch, which obviously is a very nice turn of events, one in a long string since last night when they suddenly found themselves face to face on a crowded pavement.
Sherlock looked up and raised one eyebrow. ”Really, what did he do? Find a cure for Ebola?”
”Quite right, Mycroft.” Mrs Holmes smiles, wipes away one last tear, and starts flipping through the pages again. A newspaper article falls out, it’s about Mycroft having won some chess tournament. He’s smiling (genuinely, it seems) to the camera, holding a small trophy in his hands. Caroline looks up to where he’s seated on the arm rest of the sofa, smiles. ”Intelligent and handsome, then and now,” she says, and John thinks that there certainly seems to be someone out there for everyone.
Abruptly, Sherlock turns to look at John. Or stare, rather; his eyes intense, darting from John’s face, to his legs, his feet, his face again. ”Sherlock, what-” John begins, but stops when Sherlock reaches out, grabs his left arm in a firm grip, squeezes hard. He lets go, but then proceeds to press two cold fingers to John’s pulse point in his neck.
”Now, John, I know there are photos of Sherlock in the choir, here, somewhere…”
She had screamed and yelled, thrown things around and gone on and on about how John was, basically, the worst piece of scum on earth. This, however, John had been more prepared for, so in a way he found it easier to handle.
He noticed Sherlock’s eyes take on saucer-like dimensions, otherwise he was frozen still.
“Mycroft, wait.” He struggled for the right words. “I don't know how much you know, but surely you're aware of how much I care about Sherlock. There were a lot of things I couldn't control last night, but you must know I would never do anything to deliberately harm him!”
John forged ahead. He was feeling out of his depth but had been greatly encouraged by the brief moments of connection they’d had during the evening. He was determined to try to sort this thing out.
”Alright.”
”No, don’t,” said Sherlock. John stopped, held his hand completely still.
It had been almost three months since John had become his. It was late November and it had been raining for days on end. Sherlock was sitting in the window ledge, smoking, and he didn’t have it in him to care about what John would say about it when he noticed the smell.
”John?”
Oh God.
Abruptly, Sherlock let go of his cock and sat up on the bed, kicked around to untangle the duvet from his feet. John raised his head further up to see what was going on, and saw Sherlock rummaging around in the drawer of his bedside table.
”Yeah,” John said, then he actually felt it got too much for him to handle. Maybe he shouldn’t, but he needed a break from this, right now this second.
”You think?” said Sherlock quietly, causing John to smile a little.
He rests his head against the front door, closes his eyes as fireworks begins to explode somewhere in the distance. Hears people cheering. Thinks that he has no fucking idea how this year will turn out. Thinks about Sherlock. Wonders again where he's at.
John couldn’t believe he was saying all this.
Eventually, Sherlock grabbed the back of John's thighs in a firm grip and pulled, causing John to fall back down onto the bed, lying down on his back with a pillow under his head. He was getting so very close now, and Sherlock took over again, sucked him hard with a steady pace, one hand around the base of his cock, the other gently holding his balls.
Three hours later, John returned, smelling of beer and the pub five blocks away, and it was the longest time he’d been away after a fight like this. Sherlock had been playing the violin, trying to keep himself distracted from the panicky feelings that were tugging inside, but now he abruptly put the violin down and walked up to John, took his jacket, put it back on the hook.
In the taxi on his way back home, he rested his forehead against the cool window as the car was making its way out through the streets, through the people leaving the pubs and restaurants, his eyes staring blankly as if he had been hypnotised; the scenario he had seen and its implications on repeat, a thunderstorm in his mind.
”Yep.”
”Yes,” John murmurs, voice raspy, and Sherlock tears his gaze away from John’s lips and up to his eyes. ”The answer to your question is yes.”
It was John. He was lying on top of him now, their bodies almost flat against each other but John must be supporting some of his weight somehow because it didn’t feel as heavy as it should. The shift in position severely restricted Sherlock’s ability to move his arm and hand, but he liked this, really did, so he held his hand still and they both kept pushing into it.
”If I’d known you were coming over, I obviously would have straightened up a bit.” Sherlock’s standing in the middle of the sitting room, a glass of water in his hand.
“Of course I'm not going to stand in your way.” She smiled faintly. “Just, you know - just know, that for every choice you make, there’s a different… shall we call it consequence?”
“Okay. I find it difficult, this sort of thing, so I'll go straight to the point and we can get this over with. I want you to know that the, er, thing that happened was entirely my fault. You shouldn't judge Sherlock too harshly for it, because it really was all me.”
So here it was, the million dollar question. Or rather, the million dollar reply. How to answer? John took a sip of his wine to buy a little more time to decide.
of your divorce, and to the lawyers, and to all and sundry tonight. But I refuse to be dragged down to the point of toasting Mycroft.”
”Ah!” Sherlock moans. Loudly, apparently.
“It was bad, John,” she whispered, shaking her head. ”Really, really bad.”
He still had the key (had felt too dramatic to return it, like breaking up or something, how silly, and Sherlock had never asked for it back), and if he managed to climb the stairs quietly enough, maybe he could sneak in and make a good scare out of it.
The horrible, gut wrenching thought that maybe John didn't want him, anymore.
And with that, Sherlock slipped his hand out from under John’s, and quickly placed it on top of it instead. Before John’s brain had caught on to what was happening, Sherlock was pushing John’s hand away from the trouser button. Downwards.
”Perfect for you, you mean,” Sherlock replied, feeling more and more angry.
But then he had met Mary, and she had smiled at him with intelligent, sparkling eyes, and for the first time in a year and a half, John had felt a small glimpse of hope. She’d been his salvation.
”For fuck’s sake, John!” Sherlock was talking through his teeth now, fighting an urge to get up, move about, maybe break something.
”Goodnight,” he says, pulls the blanket up to his nose.
John lets his hand fall back down on the black leather seat. Sherlock moves his gaze to it. John’s hand is such a short distance from his own. He has an impulse to touch it. He doesn’t.
”I’m quite certain they’re no dirtier than your socks, and they are already up there.”
“John, we need to talk.”
”For what?” Sherlock manages to get out, fairly calmly, even though on the inside, he’s balancing between panic and happiness.
Waves of embarrassment about his failure this evening are mixing with a deep sense of relief to be on his way, alone. Walking back to his hotel room takes over an hour, but he needs to clear the mind a bit.
”Of course,” Sherlock mumbles. More silence, then John, again.
Sherlock can’t breathe.
”It’s not enough that we took our shoes and socks off in a restaurant; now you think I should put my dirty feet up on their radiator?” John said, so happy the easy mood had returned again.
”God! Oh!” Sherlock looked down to watch as John kissed him over his exposed chest. The sight was surreal.
”I see,” John says. He’s beginning to wake up now, and so, apparently, is his cock. Draws Sherlock in closer, revels in the warm sensation of skin against skin, the scent of him.
It took him a while to see it. As Mary had said, it was on the counter.
Waking up disoriented an hour later, Sherlock texted John to ask if they could cancel the reservation and just stay home instead.
”I’m not stupid you know… I just didn’t want to see it. I wanted to believe that what you were telling me.. that it was true.”
Drags him up on top of him again, kisses him deeply and notices the taste of himself-
********************
beak - cocaine
”Well, I’ve waited a decade to fuck you.”
John couldn’t stand it, not one single minute more. He needed to get out from there. He just needed a confirmation.
Sherlock swallowed audibly. His eyes were flicking between John's hand and face. John saw the stunned expression on his face, noticed the way he instinctively let his legs fall out more to the sides in response to the touch.
”Hm. Could probably use a stitch or two.” He knows Sherlock will never agree to be dragged off somewhere for that; not in a million years. Still, the doctor in him can’t refrain from saying it.
”John! Please,” she interrupts him firmly. ”Let’s be adults now.”
John smiles. “Mmm. I know. But you are-” He stops himself from finishing the sentence, and Sherlock doesn’t ask.
Gabe took a big bite of the croissant he was holding in his hand.
In the taxi, Mary seemed to relax.
have the time of your life. But you have to grow up at some point. Hell, we’re almost forty! You can’t keep doing this forever; running around the world, solving crimes, chasing criminals. It’s time to start thinking about your future!”
Leaves a generous tip, then exits. His mouth is dry, his breath shaky as he backs away a few steps on the pavement to gaze up the windows. Notices the compact darkness inside, but thinks he can’t be sure. Walks up to the door to ring it.
He had wanted to say so much more.
”What the hell John, what do you think you’re doing!” he looked confused and angry.
”Everyone, as I’m sure you all know, this is my friend and remarkably gifted actor, Ben.”
With trembling hands, he typed a quick text.
”Oh god, John, oh god,” he moaned loudly. ”I can’t wait for you to fuck me.”
Sherlock is completely quiet as he comes, his eyes squeezed shut, head thrown back, hard puffs of air through his nose the only sound he makes. John stops thrusting, mesmerized by the sight. He’s still inside Sherlock, but not moving, only concentrating now on stroking Sherlock through his orgasm, trying to memorize every little detail of what he looks like.
”Let me just finish, ok John,” Sherlock interrupted. ”It’s… it’s tremendously difficult, this conversation, for me. So please just hear me out.”
. That fact makes Sherlock stand up taller. John, who is a genius with people and who knows how to do these things, the small talk and mingling things. Is there because of Sherlock.
John smiled to see Luigi himself, round bellied proprietor and gourmand de luxe, standing in front of him in his white apron and blue hair net.
Finally, John shows up at the doorstep, his cheeks and nose red from walking in the icy rain. In his left hand he’s carrying a damp, brown paper bag, which Sherlock instantly identifies as coming from the sushi place around the corner.
”When you were gone-,” John continued, his hands in tight fists now.
He dreaded it the way he always did when he had to be the bearer of bad news, and even more so when it was a young person, like this.
Gabriel was standing behind them, looking quite drunk. He was swaying, and proceeded to stabilize himself with a heavy hand on each of John’s and Sherlock’s shoulder.
Mary raised her brows. ”John Watson, you know better than to wander the streets like that when you’re drunk. You could have been mugged! Attacked! Murdered even! You’re a father now, do try to be a bit more responsible.”
”Sherlock, how could you even-” John was shaking him a little as he found his words, ”How the bloody hell could you come up with such a crazy thought? Do you still not get it? There is nothing in this world that could make me change my mind about you. Nothing.”
Sherlock shook his head.
,” Sherlock explained, and felt really pleased - surprised but pleased - that the group of children that had gathered around him actually seemed to have functioning listening capabilities. ”It works like a drinking straw of sorts. When the butterfly first emerge from the chrysalis, the proboscis is, actually, in two parts. So the first thing it has to do, is to assemble it into one working mouthpiece.”
”John, you have proved to be a liability. Three times now, in one way or another, you seem to have been the trigger for his use. I don’t know if Sherlock would survive a forth. And I’m sure as hell not going to wait to find out.”
”Yes! That’s what I told him, too!” said Sherlock, clearly not picking up on the irony in John’s words. ”So then he got back, and, yes, well.”
Stupid mind! Focus!
John inhaled sharply, and actually took a step back when he'd noticed Sherlock. It took him a moment to overcome the shock, so similar to how he'd reacted that time in December, when they had stumbled upon one another in the blizzard.
John noticed his fists tightening, tried to relax them, breathe out the surge of anger like he’d learned in therapy.
It’s Irene’s turn to sigh, heavily into the phone. ”Oh darling. Here I was, getting my hopes up that you’d finally gotten your shit together and moved on. Are you going to wait your whole life for that little man? Is there really no-one else you could shift your attention to?”
He was dizzy from the intense sensation of John stroking him and fucking him simultaneously. Sherlock was only faintly aware that he was saying things; he just let it happen.
”Have you?”
Nothing at all to be ashamed of.
Sherlock got absolutely ice cold. Shivery slivers of anxiety ran through him. Frozen, in a panicky sort of way. He realized his brother was crying.
To hear John say it, say his name; it makes Sherlock want to just change the subject and never mention it again.
Since waking up, Sherlock had been trying to deal with conflicting emotions regarding John. Having to waste his resources dealing with emotions, he thought, was bad enough; dealing with conflicting emotions, decidedly worse.
And in awe and amazement, John watches as Sherlock starts to come; semen shooting out between them, scattering across Sherlock’s almost hair free chest and belly.
Frustratingly, this prompt is not sufficient for John.
They are not looking at each other, but John has caught up now, is walking right next to him. They keep a quick pace, their shoes making a creaking sound as they tread on the snow. Above them, the sky is clouded, no stars visible. On both sides of the road, now, dense, silent forest.
John watched as Sherlock made his way through the plastic cups, plates, napkins, cigarette butts and empty beer bottles that were scattered all around the lawn and the tables that they’d placed there.
It doesn’t take much, and within seconds, John feels the first wave of orgasm approaching. ”Fuck, Sherlock, oh, fuck,” he hears himself repeating, and Sherlock is chanting, ”John, yes, John, oh-”
”If that’s the case,” Sherlock said, ”I’d be a fool not to help you.”
“What was that?” John said rather loudly. He wasn't going to let Sherlock so easily off the hook this time.
No. "
Sherlock’s mind blanks for a moment, immediately followed by the usual urge to deflect, to make a joke, to laugh it off. Hide the emotions, the weakness; the dull, ordinary core he’s tried hard to bury so deep that it could never be exposed.
But he had to get out, just had to. Granted, he’s never felt at home in the beige little flat he is currently renting, but these last five days it’s been unbearable to spend even a minute more than absolutely needed there.
Sherlock seemed to relax a bit again.
”Anna, look!” he said in a whisper. ”An Ornithoptera alexandrae!”
A victorious smile spread across Sherlock's face. “Yes,” he said in a half whisper. “Yes!”
Then Sherlock noticed something that actually made his skin prickle, because he had never once seen a live specimen before. It had been at the top of his list, back then, as a little boy, and he could see now that it lived up to every one of his boyish expectations.
After all, the damage was already done and John was back at the forefront of his mind. One more time couldn’t hurt. And he was certain John would try to get in touch, most likely within 24 hours.
”You’re killing me, do you get that? This is killing me. Sherlock, I can’t-” John was shaking his head, guarded expression, anger in his eyes still. ”What the hell just happened? Why did you kick me out?”
”Alright, alright.” John holds his hands up, grins big. ”I think you’ve just answered my question.”
”Just shut up, Mary.” John sharpened his voice. ”How I may or may not feel about Sherlock is actually irrelevant. Let’s focus this talk on us instead.”
”Why didn't you want me to know?” Sherlock asked.
”Oh John,” she said, suddenly much more subdued. “I know I can't stop you from going to see Sherlock tonight, if that's what you really want.”
He tried to take some comfort in the fact that Mycroft had him, and that at least, he was not out on the streets, alone in an alley somewhere.
* * *
”I don’t want you to leave.”
However, last night, Sherlock had begun to cry. It made John quite uncomfortable to think about, even though he was fairly certain that the reason behind it had been some sort of emotional overload rather than regret.
”Sherlock,” he moaned between the deep kisses, ”God. I want you so badly, I’ve never wanted anyone as I want you, I need to have you, please Sherlock-”
”So, what about tomorrow night, then? Are you sure you don’t want to come over? It will just be a couple of friends, nothing fancy.”
John raised an eyebrow, and was pleased to notice how Sherlock wasn't completely able to take this as the teasing joke that it so obviously was. John walked up to Sherlock and took the bag out of his hands. As he did, he let his hand briefly stroke over Sherlock's arm, just to reconnect and confirm their new status.
John looks up at him, his eyes watery, Sherlock cringes when he sees it.
”Do you have any idea of what this could be about? Why he’s acting this way?”
”It’s really not okay,” John mumbled against his chest.
“Tell me John,” he said. “How old is your daughter now?”
John had returned to Baker Street, just as Sherlock had known he would. Had placed his chair back where it was supposed to be. But nothing else had been. He hadn’t counted on John being so very angry, and found himself completely lost as for how to fix it.
?? How- how on earth did you miss to mention this at dinner last night? Or anytime, really?”
Sherlock lifted his head a bit from the pillow, raised an eyebrow, looked curiously at him.
Now she was pointing at a huge butterfly - a green and black one with a yellow rear body.
”Whenever you like, love,” John smiled. ”It’s ours now, Janine already emptied it out. We can go when we want to.”
As he relaxed, he let his thoughts drift in ways he had never previously allowed. Straight or gay, there was no denying that Sherlock was beautiful. Those cheekbones that John used to admire. Those soft curls framing his face, contrasting his pale complexion. Cat-like eyes and cat-like behavior, too, John had often thought. Unpredictable.
In front of the bedroom door, he hesitates. Listens for a moment, deduces that at least, John is up and dressed.
, eh.”
********************
”Goodness Sherlock,” she laughs. ”There’s nothing compromising in here, I assure you.”
“I did, you know.” John’s gaze is fixed on him, burning into him so strongly that Sherlock can’t manage to meet his eyes. He settles for John’s right knee instead, keeps his eyes fixed on the fabric of his trousers, when he replies.
If he’d just been a bit more sober, he would’ve memorised every single detail, but,
This chapter, although not very angsty in general (I think), contains a detailed description of the physical symptoms of a panic attack.
”Sherlock!” John is on his feet in no time, and it’s too dark for him to be able to properly make out any details of Sherlock’s features, but he immediately notices his disheveled appearance. Sherlock just stands there, shifting his weight from one foot to another, trying to keep his balance from what it looks like.
”Sherlock.” John spoke his name again, he loved it, his name in John’s voice. But he was saying it differently now, his voice was raspy.
John hadn't seen him yet, too caught up in the situation at hand. Sherlock, as always, could not resist a dramatic entrance.
, thought John.
The evening had started out fine enough, but then there had been the text from Mary, and more cancelled plans, more retracted promises; and then of course more of the same goddamn excuses and pale apologies.
John walked with light, happy steps up and down the aisles, collecting the things that Sherlock had asked for. Instead of Tesco’s, he had hopped off the tube two stations earlier to get to Luigi’s, the upscale delicatessen both he and Sherlock loved. They had used to come here on the odd, unclaimed Saturday afternoon, browsing, tasting, picking up things for a nice evening in.
She gave him a tired smile. “This won't be easy for me, John. And it doesn’t mean I’m not still quite angry with you.”
”Yeah, thanks,” he says. ”Been better, to be honest.”
“Take off your pants, John,” Sherlock whispered, and John did so, and then quickly got back in the position he'd been. He noticed Sherlock staring at his cock, not making any effort to conceal his apparently intense interest. He didn't say a word, just kept staring, probably filing away the information, and John silently hoped he liked what he was seeing. Usually, his partners did; he had no insecurities in that area.
John's attention was fixed one hundred percent on Sherlock and his responses to this question. He was, to be honest, dying to know. This was something he had been wondering about since the very first day that they met, never coming even remotely as close to an answer as he was right this second.
As Dad’s drunken days increased, so did Harry’s absence from home. She stayed away from school, too, sometimes for days on end. Made the wrong kind of friends. When she’d come home to introduce her first girlfriend, it had been the final straw for Dad.
”A surprise indeed,” John said icily. ”So, how was Brussels, good?”
John felt a shiver of fear trickle down his spine. This was really crazy behavior.
“You’re always right, John.”
John wasn’t used to hearing Sherlock say this, it had only happened a few times and only recently. He felt tears coming into his eyes. He smiled back.
”John, what the hell is the matter with you!” She turned to Gabriel. ”I’m so sorry. Please forgive my husband, I think he’s had too much to drink.”
“Brilliant, John,” Sherlock scoffed. “I'm beginning to think I have misjudged your mental capacities.”
”Are you serious?”
The word ’Angel’ appeared, in a warm golden color, it floated around for a while. And then it was joined by other words: ’I love you’, written in some sort of fog that would surely dissipate if he dared to touch it. He watched the words dance before his eyes for a moment, and then carefully placed them back in the room for all things Gabriel.
”Yes, of course,” he says, wondering how he can get out of this. ”I absolutely agree, but Sherlock and I are not-”
John thought.
”I told you that I love you,” Sherlock mumbled.
Another pause, another considering of wording.
”Hey,” John says. ”Enough with the old ghosts tonight, for both of us, yes?”
Sherlock looked down but didn’t move away. They stood quietly next to each other for a minute, leaned against the desk, still smiling, catching their breath. Then, with his eyes fixed on an untouched plate of olives in front of them, Sherlock broke the silence.
He sees her eyes flicker a little, she licks her lips. ”Oh, Right. I wasn’t thinking about your ex-wife, but…” She looks away, doesn’t say anything else.
This whole day, nothing but waiting. He had dragged himself out of bed at noon, after many sleepless hours spent underneath the covers.
Sherlock had leaned away from the table and John noticed he was keeping his voice down as much as at all possible.
That night, John was consumed by a fitful dream in which Sherlock had been kidnapped by some golden-haired man in a suit, it was Moriarty only it was not, and he was going to take Sherlock away to Eastern Europe in a private jet plane. Sherlock was texting John to come to his aid.
”Are you… jealous?” Sherlock asks without looking up.
”Sherlock it’s me, I’m so sorry it took so long, it’s been a bit crazy over here but all is good now. Please pick up.”
Sherlock moved in closer, and John ran his fingers through the dark, soft curls. They kissed again.
John was back in Sherlock’s bed, waiting with the phone in his hand. There was no reply.
”I know what you mean,” Sherlock says so quickly he’s nearly stumbling on his words. ”Didn’t think you were suggesting-” And now it’s Sherlock’s turn to blush, John sees it before Sherlock turns away, looks out into the night.
John couldn’t say anything, didn’t do anything, because to be honest, he wasn’t even capable of thinking at this point. The only thing he managed to do, was to stare at what was unraveling before him.
,” he whispers, the words stuttered, as Sherlock’s warm, wet mouth slides down the length of his cock. Sherlock pushes John’s thighs apart, then gets down on his stomach in between them, bracing on his elbows.
He was rocking his hips up from the bed. John kept stroking his dick.
“Sherlock-” he panted, wishing so much for Sherlock to help him out, to put a hand on his aching cock. But maybe that was too much to hope for, at this point, with a partner as inexperienced as Sherlock.
Gabriel was animatedly telling his story, and held the table’s attention. ”Everybody knew Sherlock was this genius of course, and he was also known to be willing to share some of that big brain for, you know, the hard currency of boarding school - cigarettes and booze. It’s just like in prison I imagine!”
Oh, the feeling he got in his stomach from seeing John standing there, beaming, looking so amazingly perfect. It was surreal. He didn't want it to end.
. And
”Me too, Sherlock.” John shifts against him, runs his hand softly over his hair. Suddenly laughs.
The brown and white dog, the same one as Sherlock had just been shown a picture of, was dancing at John's feet, frantically wagging its tail, happily barking.
He usually didn’t feel nervous about giving gifts or making other types of romantic gestures, but this time, he did. Maybe because he was so unsure of how Sherlock would react.
”Yes,” Sherlock says. ”I want to.”
, most likely.
He hadn’t had any emotional outburst, hadn’t cried, no, nothing like that. It was just that pervasive, empty feeling.
*********************
With alcohol and arousal both working against him, John felt that he was beginning to lose his ability to take it nice and slow, as he had promised himself. He let go of Sherlock's wrists, and slid off his body to lay down next to him instead. In a decisive motion, he grabbed Sherlock's muscular thigh and pulled it over his own. He put one hand on the nape of Sherlock's neck, kissed him, and then put the index and middle finger of his other hand into Sherlock's mouth, encouraging him to suck them. The visual of this made John's dick twitch.
With that, he started to walk towards the door, then once again stopped, came back.
”I-” John began. ”That was amazing.” John was smiling but there was something else there, Sherlock couldn’t tell what but there was definitely something a bit not good.
John slowly lowered himself down on the floor with his back against the wall. He gave the cold tiles next to him two short pats.
, and this, well.
”Is he still living in India?”
”You can’t possibly expect us to stand out here to wait!” Sherlock said. ”It could take an eternity! We’ll be dead from hypothermia before anybody gets here, and then you will have even more to do!”
”What?” John said again but this time in a soft, intimate voice, turning to Sherlock.
John instinctively gets up from the sofa to go after him, but Mrs Holmes puts her hand on his arm. He wants to break free from the touch, feels his jaws clenching, but tries to breathe out instead.
His heart was now pumping so hard he could feel the vibrations against his sternum.
John let out a grunt-like sound, it was almost pained.
”Oh. How do you do?” the man said, stiffly nodding towards Sherlock but not reaching out his hand. ”Eh, well, we were just on our way out…” his voice trailed off, and his wife shot them a tense smile. ”Yeah,” the man then said. ”Alright. Bye, John.”
“Not if trouble means you'll come to my rescue again,” John smiled. Flirty? That was a little bit flirty, wasn't it?
”I can’t believe this is real,” he whispered; pushing, rocking, breathing against him. ”Can’t believe I get to do this with you.”
More blood rushing to his groin at John’s words. Moans, presses his fingernails into the skin on John’s arm.
”But here’s the thing. Sherlock and I didn’t know each other at all, because
*Scouse is an accent, also called Liverpool English. Bizzies means the Police, Scran means food :)
Sherlock felt a rush of panic. He thought that he probably should reply in a good way, a nice way, but couldn’t stop himself.
John laid down next to him, on the side to which his face was turned. He placed his palm on Sherlock’s shoulder, stroked him in gentle, calming movements.
John stroked his back, touched his cheek, smoothed the sweaty curls away from his forehead. But as Sherlock was coming back to reality, a slightly uncomfortable feeling was beginning to snake it’s way in next to the happy ones.
Sherlock was now staring at Gabe with his mouth gaping open.
The first time John enters Sherlock, he tries to be so very gentle; acutely aware of Sherlock’s inexperience. Right before, he asks one more time, to make absolutely sure.
The actor looked pleased.
Sherlock’s head was spinning, his heart beat like crazy. Had he wanted this, for years and years. Wanted it more than anything else. Dreamt about it, fantasised about it, longed for it.
”I used to read to him at night, when Mummy and Daddy were away. Pirates and knights, that sort of thing, it was all he wanted to hear. And it’s a shame, really, because in those stories, you know, when the brave knight would return after having been to hell and back to kill the dragon - the princess would always be there, faithfully waiting. Not once do I recall her having gone off and married someone else!”
It was a difficult situation, but hardly unheard of, he told himself. Many people got divorced, it was not the end of the world. John felt intensely that this marriage had been a mistake.
He holds the coffee cup in his hand, but doesn’t drink. Stares with unseeing eyes out the window, out over the grey street. The snow has turned into a dirty slush, covering the almost empty market square in front of the coffee shop. Fleetingly wonders, for the hundredth time, how the hell he ended up here in this dull, lifeless corner of the earth.
”What are you on about?” he says, but Mummy just keeps babbling.
”Oh god,” John said, short of breath but smiling now. ”Oh my god.”
Sherlock raises one eyebrow. ”I try very, very hard to think about that as little as I possibly can.”
Sherlock walks up to him, and when he speaks, John notices that he’s chosen to stay in character.
”I honestly don’t know how to answer that,” John said quietly. ”I don’t really understand it myself.” He looked at Gabe. ”But I’m here now to tell you that I’m stepping away. I’ll stay away. You have my word. Just… just make sure Sherlock’s alright, yeah?”
Sherlock had allowed himself to get lost in that fantasy for a while.
But when he was finished explaining how it wouldn’t be right to stay together, and how sorry he was, and how he hoped they could remain good friends and how committed he was for them to be there for Anna together, Mary had stared blankly at him, dead quiet.
Hmm. Might as well, seeing as John seems so very preoccupied. He’s getting restless anyway.
”But,” said John carefully. ”I don’t know anything about dogs, you know, but isn’t this, like a hunting dog? Isn’t it kind of unsuited to be kept as a companion dog in the city? It’s a Foxhound, isn’t it?”
”You would have moved out,” he said in a barely audible voice.
John couldn’t help but smile, his heart filling to the brim with love and affection. So much for high-functioning sociopath, he thought.
He still missed him, of course, missed him terribly. Still had nights when everything would just hurt too goddamn much, and he’d grasp the identity discs - he wore them constantly now - extra tight to try to go to sleep. But then, there would also be times when thinking about John would make him smile.
Sherlock felt his own erection against John’s lower stomach, and got dizzy from the touch and from the thought that only thin pieces of fabric separated them.
And that is why, only hours after stumbling upon Sherlock after all these years, John finds himself in the back of a police car, speeding down the streets, brakes screeching on every turn. It’s surreal; like he’d stepped into a time machine, the familiar feeling of sitting right next to Sherlock, adrenaline running high for both of them.
John was drawn back to the present by Sherlock suddenly placing his hand on John's hip, then wriggling it down under John's jeans, running it over the swell of his arse. The sensation of his warm palm through the thin cotton of his pants, made John's dick quickly come back to the rock hard state that it had been for the last thirty minutes.
”No; no I don't think I have."
“Is everything alright?” Worried voice.
But despite the utter annoyance of all this, John had still felt mostly happy about it. Happy, because just before he'd gotten into the car for his lift back home, Mycroft had stopped him.
The hallway light comes on. Sherlock hears him puttering about the kitchen, cupboard opening and closing, the tap running. Stares at John’s face. Decides to lick a broad stripe across the palm that is currently covering his mouth. Gets another stern look from John, very encouraging. Does it again.
This entire evening, his thoughts had returned to Sherlock, again and again. To see him again, to so completely unexpectedly get to spend so much time together… In a way, it had felt like no time had passed; like they had just been able to pick up exactly where they’d left off, right before Sherlock had jumped and everything had gone to hell.
Suddenly feeling much more sober, John tip-toed the remaining steps and leaned forward to peak through the crack in the door. And then his body froze in place, his mind simultaneously blanked for a moment.
”Fuck, fuck,” John was mumbling. He had raised his body up more, was standing on his knees, holding both of Sherlock’s legs in a tight grip by the ankles. It was a thin line between pleasure and pain now, but Sherlock loved every second.
The researchers were still watching, but now from a little distance.
John is talking. Sherlock feels paralysed, his thoughts scattered around like shards from a broken glass, dropped on the floor. John.
”I like this,” John whispered, an adorable blush spreading on his already flustered cheeks.
The second they'd entered the bedroom, Sherlock stopped and pulled John close to his body, tilted his head down to kiss him. John put his arms around him, let his tongue slip in between Sherlock's slightly parted lips. They were both naked from the waist down, but Sherlock still had his silk shirt on and John had his t-shirt. John noticed that Sherlock's shirt had been stained from their earlier activities. Without breaking the kissing, he started to hastily unbutton it. Sherlock gasped when John decisively let it slide off his shoulders, fall to the floor.
* * *
As always, Mycroft was impeccably dressed in a tailored suit and shiny black shoes, but he looked unusually worn, with dark circles under his eyes. The man had probably been awake all through the night.
John bit his lip.
John had to grab the edge of the table to steady himself. It was really him. A thousand memories came crushing down.
”It’s none of my business,” he eventually says. ”Neither yours.”
”You’re the only one for me Sherlock, you’re the best friend I’ve ever had-”
”What the
Sherlock meets his eyes.
Sherlock let out a deliberate sigh, rolled his eyes. ”What now?”
wants this conversation to end. Where the hell is Sherlock when he needs him?
John was caught off guard and had to gather his thoughts.
”What’s that?” John asked, mostly to have something to say. It was not like the conversation flowed freely, the hospital room feeling more like a prison.
Saying it out loud sent another tingling sensation down through John's lower regions. He could see it in front of him. Sherlock, naked, stretching out that lean, perfectly toned body on his bed, stroking himself, bucking his hips up as he was getting close to climax-
”No, of course not. I’m sorry. Please come again?”
”Then why don’t you ask me,” Sherlock smiled teasingly.
“I hope I didn't hurt you?”
John thought he had a pretty good guess regarding what Sherlock had in mind, but could barely believe his luck if he was right. In any case, he was too embarrassed to say it.
”I’m not drunk, if that’s what you’re wondering.”
”I assure you, you didn’t miss out.”
John silently wondered the exact same thing. He tried to refocus on his promise.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and then he swiftly turned around and started to walk away.
Yes.” His voice sounds raspy. Wraps his arms tighter around Sherlock’s back. ”I am.”
John wasn’t used to hearing Sherlock curse, except sometimes in bed, so this little outburst made him chuckle. He squinted his eyes to the bright morning sunshine.
John was holding the happy gaze of Sherlock now, they were looking into each other’s eyes, neither of them averting their gaze. It felt like sunlight radiating through his veins.
In front of John were three women, aggressively facing him, all of them appearing quite worked up.
“I love Sherlock. Okay? I love him. And I hear what you're saying, and I understand your concern for your brother, but you just can't ask me to step aside! I have made a lot of mistakes, but I intend to fix them or die trying.”
”I don’t, but you do. You’re not used to this, John. You don’t know what it’s like.”
Surprisingly, Sherlock turned out to be quite a good kisser.
“You do realize you are quite possibly the last person in London I would like to have coffee with?”
”Just a little coke? Just a little coke? ARE YOU FUCKING INSANE??”
John kissed him, once, a soft kiss on the lips. He had to ask.
Sherlock stopped.
”That’s not fair. But yes, I’ll admit I would really be happy if you took this position. I don’t think you understand how stressful it is for me, when you’re out on cases and I don’t know where you are! I can’t even sleep because of all the constant worry, it’s driving me mad. Like this last week, for example. You were away for three fucking nights, and didn’t have the decency to check in with me at all. Not even once.”
John had planned to make another stop to pick up food from the Korean place closer to Baker Street, but as he stood there, he changed his mind. Instead of take out, he was going to load up on a variety of delicacies, perfect for Sherlock to eat while pretending not to.
Sherlock had, as expected, refused any kind of inpatient rehabilitation program which, John figured, was probably for the best for all involved. So when Sherlock was released from the hospital, they took turns watching him.
No, on the contrary, what dominated John’s mind at this moment, was a fluttering, soaring feeling of happiness. Maybe it’s not impossible after all, he thought. Could it be? Could it be he still had a chance?
”Your feet are rather cold,” Sherlock said. ”You should put them up, here.” He indicated to the radiator behind him.
-” Sherlock moans loudly, bucks his hips up in a sudden movement and John feels privately a bit smug to have been able to find the spot on first try. Presses in a bit harder now and Sherlock is starting to sway more urgently against his hand.
”How old are you? I didn’t know they employed children at this place,” said Sherlock. This was a waste of time.
”You can’t be fucking SERIOUS!” John shouted back. ”I pulled Sherlock out of a fucking CRACK DEN, just a few months ago! Let me tell you, there was nobody bloody laughing then!”
”No. No sister.”
”The police will want to take your statements, but it will probably take them a while to get here on a night like this. I’m afraid you’re not allowed to leave the scene before then.” She made an apologetic gesture.
“Your frequency is fairly consistent, with a median rate of five times a week, when you aren't dating or working double shifts. Low is three and high is nine times in a seven day period, with a rather even distribution of location between bed and shower. Although you do tend to prefer the bed, usually at night or early morning, lying on your back with your knees slightly up and out. When you do it in the shower, you are almost always standing up, leaning back against the tiles.” He raised his tumbler, took another sip.
”Victor was… easy-going, sincere. A true extrovert, full of energy and laughter. The very opposite of me, in most ways. But as we got to know each other, I found we had a lot of things in common, too. And to my surprise, I discovered he was just as friendless as I was. It grew into a… strong bond.”
”I don’t know, Gabe.” Sherlock reached under the table, put his large hand on Gabriel’s denim clad thigh, stroked it a few times. ”I don’t know and I don’t care.”
”Fuck,” John whispered. ”Fuck, you feel absolutely amazing.”
John smiled. ”Yes, she’s great.”
But to see it in print, right below Sherlock’s full name and date of birth, was surreal. He kept on reading.
”Why did she listen to YOU?” There was an annoyed little wrinkle on his nose.
John’s trailing along, one foot behind, and Sherlock wonders if it’s a deliberate attempt to prevent him from being able to read his face.
He still felt the effect of the liqueur they had been liberally pouring down their throats earlier, although the recent activities had made him sober up – or so it felt, at least. John was, however, wise enough to know that neither one of them were completely up to their normal mental capacities.
”And now… I’m going to make you beg for mercy.”
am I supposed to say to that?!” He crushes his cigarette in the snow, hard, doesn’t bother to pick it up before stomping back inside. Leaves Mycroft standing there with those patronising fucking eyes of his.
“Sherlock, for fuck's sake!” John exclaimed. “Just what the hell do you know about my wanking habits!”
His robe had come undone, he wrapped it tight around himself. Didn’t know where to look so he turned his eyes down into the floor. Noticed he was shivering.
He slumps down on a (not grimy) kitchen chair, just sits there, thinking.
”John, don’t.” Sherlock said in a low voice. ”Ignore them. It’s not worth it.”
”If you’re quite sure,” he says, quietly, then turns to shuffle down the hallway. John hears the bathroom door close, and after a while, the toilet flush; then the high-pitched, squealing sound of the shower. The faucets seem to have gotten worse. I should fix that, John catches himself thinking before remembering that this is not his anymore.
When he would come home to an exhausted Mary, she'd usually just greet him with a short ”here,” handing over Anna to him and then heading right into the shower where she would stay for a long time. But Mary had encouraged him to go out tonight, saying he deserved a night out on the town.
Sherlock was slowly rocking his hips against John, breathing so heavily.
“You too, John,” he smiled back. “Try to stay out of trouble for a while now, okay?”
”I love you,” he said again, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine. He tightened his grip around John, squeezed him hard against his own naked body.
He hadn’t meant it as any sort of innuendo, but the mood in the flat shifted significantly as Sherlock apparently had heard it differently. John watched as he put his tea cup down on the mantelpiece and took one step towards him, stopping at an arm’s length from John.
”Yes. Alright.” John pauses, maybe to collect courage. ”So. Victor, huh?”
“Yeah?” he whispered back.
. It’s amazing, the way he’s able to put up with this, Sherlock thinks. For a while, Sherlock just stands there, admiring. Basking in the pride of being the one John is there with.
”Not what?”
He felt himself get overcome with a strange sort of emotion, in the midst of the very sharp arousal pumping through his body. He felt… humbled, somehow, reverent, almost. Grateful to the universe for finally giving him all he ever wanted.
”You, Sherlock. Seriously, how can you be so daft? Can’t you see what’s going on here? It’s just a game to him. Oh come on, John.”
“Sherlock. On the tarmac. I got the feeling that you were going to, um. To say something else.”
John looked scared now, was searching for words.
After a wonderful thirty minutes in bed, they managed to get their clothes back on.
Blood alcohol level has apparently reached the point where his natural inhibition begins to slip. Without thinking, Sherlock puts one of his hands on top of John’s. John stills, then turns his hand, palm up. Takes Sherlock’s. Squeezes it briefly.
Sherlock very clearly has had enough. He puts both hands on the armrests of his chair, stands up decisively. ”Don’t you two have something to do in the kitchen? We haven’t eaten for at least an hour.”
John felt like hitting someone.
The brakes had come undone and John got frightened for a moment, because the intensity of what he was feeling was on a level he had never experienced before. It drowned out his ability to think. All of him had turned into an aching, burning desire, and Sherlock, naked in his arms, was all he could see.
The many different things this stirs in him is, well. Overwhelming.
When John thought back on those moments, it was so easy to see what he had furiously denied back then. They had been a couple. A couple in every way except the sexual, but now John couldn’t really understand what the big fucking problem had been with that, either.
”Sherlock!” John hurries up to him, kneels down next to him. ”How are you feeling?”
”I don’t need any new skills,” Sherlock protested unconvincingly.
”Oh God,” Sherlock gasps. ”John-”
Half a bottle of scotch to be able to sleep that night.
He was taking medication to be able to fall asleep, but each night he would wake up in the early morning hours in a cold sweat, from the same nightmare about Sherlock falling, falling, falling; always startled awake with an anguished scream the second before Sherlock hit the pavement.
Finally, John lifted his head, held it up so that they were face to face. Sherlock met John's eyes and saw that they were dark with arousal. When John spoke, still staring into Sherlock's eyes, his voice was thick and raspy.
John scrambled out in the kitchen to make some tea while Sherlock lounged in the sofa, looking very relaxed and very happy. Just as John was feeling, himself.
********************
, please!
“You know, John, sometimes I blame myself. I should have done more to prepare him for real life, not help him escape the way he always did into his books and daydreams…” Mycroft stirred sugar into the cup of milky tea in front of him.
He feels his cheeks burn; this is not how it’s supposed to go! Goddamnit, he hasn’t gotten laid in forever, and now, with a beautiful and sweet woman next to him, obviously willing, he can’t.
Sherlock sighed, was quiet for while. Then he finally looked up to meet his eye.
Fingers now wet with spit, John pulled them out of Sherlock's mouth and rapidy reached around him, and in a firm motion, let his fingers find their way in between Sherlock's buttocks. When Sherlock threw his head back and let a shaky exhale escape his lips, John put both fingertips on Sherlock's hole, spreading the spit around it.
He runs his hand over her hair. ”You don’t have to apologise for that, sweetie. I know you don’t.”
”What?” he had said, eyebrows furrowed. ”Just what the fuck do you mean?”
“Rarely,” John said in a low voice. His lips felt dry, he licked them again. “That is not synonymous with never.”
”I did, baby,” John said softly. He had finally managed to stop laughing, and now turned his head to admire the beautiful, rumpled up man sitting next to him. Gently, he reached out to touch his cheek. ”I got luckier than I ever could have dreamt of.”
”-you really don’t have to tell me. I was wrong, to… react. You have no obligations towards me, I know that.”
Now Sherlock jolted alive. ”We can’t, we absolutely can’t. I’m terribly sorry, most unfortunate timing, would have been lovely, but as a matter of fact, we were
”OI! FAGGOTS!” Loud laughter coming from the same direction.
John takes Sherlock’s hand, pushes it against his erection. Sherlock wraps his hand around his cock, feels the hardness beneath the fabric.
No matter how he tried, everything seemed to come out wrong. It pained him so much to see Gabriel’s face, usually so confident and smiling, now all troubled.
Nothing.
Probably, because now he didn't finish what he'd started to ask.
John, sitting in a kitchen chair, cursing over rude comments on his blog or over some new experiment in the fridge that Sherlock had forgotten to warn him about. John’s laugh; the laugh that always made Sherlock’s heart lit up, sparkle for a while, internal little fire flies on a dark summer night.
”Why haven’t you returned any of my calls? I’ve tried like mad to get ahold of you.” He was wearing a military green fleece jacket that Sherlock recognised, knew it was old, worn. Knew how it smelled, knew how it felt to touch.
And standing there, it dawned on John how true that was. Sherlock was indeed reckless with himself, in many different ways. John had given intense consideration to all the things that Mycroft had said, and now, it all sort of came together.
”Wait!” Sherlock speaks up, worry in his eyes, small beads of sweat making his pale skin shine in the dimmed light of the bedroom. ”Wait, it feels like I’m going to-”
”What the hell was Lestrade doing in a patrol car?” Sherlock spits out. He’s gone from mellow to absolutely focused in no time, eyes wide, body tense, his full focus on what Sally is telling him. This is the Sherlock that John remembers, from all those years back. Hasn’t changed.
The question had caused Sherlock to wince, but he'd quickly regained his nonchalant expression, the one he was so very good at making.
But on all the other days, it’s not unusual for John to come home around seven o’clock in the morning after a night shift to find Sherlock still awake, busy with his microscope in the kitchen or in the midst of papers and documents scattered all over the floor.
Just as Sherlock is considering whether he dares to give John’s belt another try, John surprises him. He somehow manages to push up from the sofa, uses his legs to shift Sherlock’s balance, and the effect is that Sherlock ends up lying flat on top of him. And Sherlock may be a bit woozy - alright, maybe a tiny bit more than that, even- but he still has presence enough to support some of his bodyweight on his elbows.
Then Gabriel found them, John noticed the crazy eyes on that one too.
”He looks younger in real life,” said Mary, turning to Charlotte, they were both all giddy and giggling.
”I have a double shift, so I’ll see you in the morning. Try not to set the flat on fire while I’m gone,” John said and nodded towards the burner Sherlock had gotten out in preparation of the experiment he was planning to start later on.
”Happy,” he said, eyebrows furrowed.
. He doesn’t feel things like that. This, and that kiss a hundred years ago; it was just freak occurrences, one fuelled by pain, one by sleep.
”Alright,” John says, slowly. ”And you… don’t want me to say it?”
John had moved lower, he was touching Sherlock’s hips and thighs through the fabric of his trousers.
John looked at her, attempted to refocus. Damn it!
John thinks that he will probably not be able to see Mycroft as quite so intimidating again, not after these pictures. Because whatever will come, John will always remember the young Mycroft: a bit on the heavy side, looking miserable and out of place somehow compared to his cute little brother in the pirate hat.
Had downplayed the injury, tried to make John believe that she never meant to kill him. Had done everything he could possibly think of, to give John back the wife he so desperately wanted to have.
She looked down to the carpet, looked up at him again.
Prepared and rehearsed in the prison cell where he’d spent one week of isolation.
”Just give him the goddamned megaphone, he’s Sherlock Holmes for Christ’s sake!” John realises too late he’s said it out loud. ”Uh, I mean-”
”This is all so very interesting!” a blushing but cheerful blonde woman in her thirties, most certainly the children’s teacher, interrupted. ”You must be a professor here,” she smiled. ”It’s so kind of you to take the time with the kids. You have a terrific way of explaining things to them!”
Sherlock looked at him with a distant expression in his eyes. Arousal, John thought. Heavy arousal. It took him all the self control that he had in him not to just throw himself over Sherlock right there in the taxi; shove his tongue down his throat.
What could possibly have changed? He did a rapid scan of every interaction he’d had with John since their last meeting, but came up short. This was beginning to feel a bit like a case, he thought, frustrated to not understand. Maybe he should accept John’s next request to meet up, gather some more information.
Charlie Foxtrot - phonetic alphabet for C and F, which in turn stands for ClusterFuck - just a little nicer way of saying it :)
. Made too big a deal of thing, exaggerated. Expected too much of a relationship, of life.
John’s heart is beating hard but steady, one of his greatest advantages both in the military and in his work as a surgeon. John doesn’t panic in situations like this; quite the contrary, in fact. It’s a strange mix between calm and utter focus, nothing else existing but the very moment he’s in. He hasn’t felt like this in a long, long time.
”Rosie, pumpkin. Please.” He’s standing in the doorway to Rosie’s bedroom, where she’s been lying flat on the bed screaming for the last ten minutes.
”Look Sherlock, what can I say. I’m really sorry and I get that you’re crossed with me. But you can’t blame me for being concerned, you were high, for fuck’s sake. And I… I couldn’t stand it if something terrible happened to you, you know that.”
”As a matter of fact, I was planning to pop over to Baker Street tonight, and it would be nice to not have to go to Tesco’s. You know how I hate that place. Hell on earth, is what it is.”
It was already past noon. They had walked across the street and over to the café in Hyde Park, and managed to get the table in the corner.
last night!”
Sherlock pushes John backwards until the back of his knees hit the bed and he sits down. Stands between his spread legs, hands on his shoulders. Bends down to kiss him. There is nothing soft about the kisses now; Sherlock has waited long enough and the floodgates are wide open. He pushes his tongue deep inside John’s mouth, bites his lips, grasps at his hair.
”I think I might need some more practice, though,” he said. ”At the physical technicalities of being gay, I mean,” and when they kissed again, he grabbed Sherlock’s behind, squeezed it tight.
”Irene!” Sherlock cuts in, irritated now. ”I mean it! I need to know what to do!”
”So this is it, then? The end?”
for access to the seed.
. He pressed send.
John finds himself smiling like a fool, as he stands there in the cold London winter night. He hopes his battery won’t suddenly quit on him.
There had been love.
”How are we ever going to straighten this up!” Sherlock kept whining.
”Yeah, I think so too,” John says, Sherlock can tell from his voice that he’s smiling. ”Just a bit sad that it took me so long to get there.”
”No, of course not!” Sherlock said. John looked at him sternly.
”I love you,” John said. His eyes were sparkling. ”You are everything to me. I love you to the moon and back, Sherlock.”
Being asked to give reasons, logical explanations for his emotions was still the most difficult thing Sherlock knew. He realized he had to try hard, though, if he wanted to have any chance of fixing this.
The list. Mycroft. Mummy, maybe. Lestrade? Yes. Molly, hm, yes. Anyone else? He considered. This would have to do.
* * *
! And I didn’t keep any big secrets about myself from you, because close friends usually don’t do that! You could have just told me!”
”SHIT!” John suddenly shouted out, completely startled. There was something wet and icy cold touching him right in the small of his back. He swung around and was met by something even worse - a big wet lick of a dog’s tongue right across his face.
He noticed himself talking rather loudly now, emphasizing it all with a frustrated, flailing arm gesture.
“Well that was stupid of you,” Sherlock had mumbled in return.
Must have dosed off, despite the fact that he’s now chilled to the bone. But he starts awake because of the instinctive feeling that he’s being watched. Looks up to see Sherlock looming in front of him, swaying.
”When will you come back?”
Why had he wanted to conceal it?
”Sherlock,” he begins. ”Um. Look. This is- well. Very unexpected for me. To say the least.” John laughs nervously, fidgets with the fabric on his trousers. ”And I’m not sure-”
And even though John would rather avoid the question, the doctor in him feels it has to be asked. ”Do you, um. Would you say that you have hallucinations?”
”I know you’re not,” Sherlock says. ”Far too disorganised, just look at the wrinkles on your uniform, not ironed properly - you wouldn’t last a day in that profession. Hurry up now, make it quick, we don’t have all night.”
Squatting down next to the girl, he pointed, making sure to keep his gestures slow and his voice hushed, to not disturb the enormous insect sitting on a branch not far away. He estimated it’s wingspan to be close to nine inches.
”He was different, somehow, after that,” Mr Holmes adds.
”Have they made you feel let down or disappointed in the past, too?”
”You’re not taking very good care of yourself, are you?” His hand moves back almost of its own accord, wraps around Sherlock’s cold toes beneath the fabric. Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind.
The blonde man turned questioningly to Sherlock, ”Bru-?” he began, then was quickly shut up by an angry glance.
”I hear he’s doing well.”
John sounds angry. Sherlock can’t make himself turn to face him, but he listens closely - yes. Clear and distinct signs of anger in John’s respiration, in the way he walks. Glances down and sees his glove-covered hand turn into a fist, then quickly releasing.
”This will probably come as a shock to you, John,” he began, with a very serious expression across his face, ”but it turns out some people find me a little bit difficult to live with.”
. He had to really watch his own breathing now, could not risk being heard.
“No,” John quickly stopped him. “No. Sherlock, there's nothing to be sorry for. That was, just, wow, yeah. So amazing. Such a turn on. You're magnificent.”
He really needed to get in touch with Sherlock, let him know why he was taking so long. It was getting late. and he was probably beginning to wonder by now.
There was wetness and heat and soft, soft, soft, and then there was a flicker, ever so brief, of John’s tongue reaching in to taste Sherlock’s. It sent a razor sharp shudder down Sherlock’s spine; his breath hitched.
”So, that narrows down the kind of activity considerably, has to be something quite strenuous that also requires a lot of total body strength. Then add to that the slight remnants of a bruise on your left cheekbone, you took a punch, and while that could have happened at work, some unruly patient, you also have a slight chip on your right incisor, about two weeks old, indicative of another impact.” He caught his breath; one quick inhale, then went on.
Trigger Warning: This chapter contains a reference to an off-page mercy killing of a rabbit.
”Oh, Sherlock,” John says. He’s stroking the upper side of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb now. The touch is very comforting. Gives him the strength to express the thing he’s fought the hardest to forget.
”Yes, Sherlock. I do. You’re not called a genius for nothing, eh.”
”No, I don’t think I can. Mary needed to go somewhere I believe.” And then he felt he had to be clearer. ”And also, of course, I want to see my daughter. I haven’t seen her for a week now.”
”Good point," he smiles, then turns serious again. "It's just that- I didn’t know. I thought- I thought, I don’t know- that you didn’t.”
”You know,” said Sherlock, ”really, you should be the one responsible for getting this place back in order, since all of this was your idea in the first place.”
It seemed to Sherlock that John was getting close, again. His eyes were hazy in that particular way that they would get, just before.
Then he got an idea.From his pocket, he maneuvered out his phone. He kept it hidden under the table, and started to type.
bifter - cigarette
”John, John, John.” He needed to say it, say his name to ground himself to the experience.
”She, John! Sadie is a ’she’, how hard can it be! It sounds really odd when you call her ’it’.”
”I know it is,” Gabe smiled. ”
”But then I got a case outside of London, and I had to leave in a rush. And I happened to forget I had left it there-”
”John,” he says, quickly before the courage fails him. ”As I said, I’m going to my parent’s house for Christmas. Leaving tonight. There will be all sorts of horrific things happening there, starting with their traditional little do before Midnight Mass. There will be relatives I haven’t seen for ages, including my crossdressing uncle, and Mycroft’s bringing his-” He stops himself, knows that he’s stalling. A nervous exhale. Restart.
”John, you’ll have to excuse the rush, but the guests will be here any minute.”
As he steps over that worn oak threshold and onto the large sandstone paving stones in the pavilion, a veritable onslaught of memories come crashing over him. He hasn’t been here for almost ten years, but the scents that flood him now - of the cold, damp stone building, of the burning wax candles, of the antique wooden benches and the pine soap used to clean them - it very nearly makes his knees weak.
”We are?”
And here he was now, six months later, and everyone around him seemed so bloody pleased. He was working less, eating better, sleeping more, had not come close to drugs again.
There were some rustling from the sheets, and then John was kneeling right behind him. He felt John’s hand, carefully reaching out to touch the scarred skin on his back.
”No! I don’t want to go!” She’s kicking her legs against the mattress in frustration and anger.
It’s like he was just caught with something shameful, but, then again, what can he say?
“I'm coming, too,” he stuttered out, and then John almost felt like he could have had a second orgasm as he got to witness Sherlock ejaculating, dick untouched, white semen shooting out over Sherlock's sweat soaked chest and belly. John fucked him through it, and then, when he felt Sherlock's body relax and sink back into the mattress, he pulled out.
A thought occurs: Maybe that is still an option? His heart lifts a bit at the idea.
Sherlock let go of John’s hand, and with a quick move, he snapped the trouser button out of it’s hole.
They both finished their coffee in silence. It wasn’t tense anymore, but John felt completely overtaken by sadness. He tried to not let it show.
”Good,” John interrupted. ”I love the way you taste,” and then he put his head down in between Sherlock’s legs again.
John had eventually, and with much difficulty, managed to tear himself away from Sherlock and Baker Street, to go back to his own flat for a greatly needed shower and a fresh change of clothes.
It was so quiet in the Baker Street flat that Sherlock could hear his own respiration. Inhale, exhale, repeat. Elevated rate, elevated pulse.
The long scars from repeated beatings, probably with objects like sticks or rods of some sort. The small, circular indentations of cigarette burns, red and deep, scattered randomly across the pale skin on his back.
“If you don't mind?”
It only takes John about ten seconds to realise that Sherlock, for once, wasn’t exaggerating. It is chaos. Mycroft is the first one who comes to meet them in the hallway. John winces a little as Mycroft kisses Caroline on the mouth, just a small peck but yet, a sight he’d never thought he’d see.
”Don’t,” John said, took a small step back, grabbed his hand and removed it from his crotch.
”Sherlock,” he began, briefly licking his lips. ”I need to know why you are avoiding me.”
“Let me do that for you, love,” he breathed, and Sherlock didn't protest.
He saw Sherlock briefly closing his eyes, saw him smiling ever so faintly.
In one motion, John did two things. He closed the gap between their bodies, so that his chest was flush to Sherlock’s back; and he reached out his arms on either side of Sherlock. He placed his dry, warm hands on Sherlock’s lower arms, held them still.
”Rather.”
John had parted his lips, was breathing with his mouth open against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock noticed how John’s respiration suddenly had changed, it was heavier now, tenser.
Just bring it on. Jump.
”Here’s what I would do,” Irene says dramatically, and Sherlock listens attentively. ”He’s coming back with lunch, yes?”
“You asked me before what I think about, when I-” Sherlock paused briefly, averted his eyes. “This is what I think about. I think about you. You touching me like this, or...” Sherlock looked up again, met John's eyes.
Next one, easier.
Sherlock was blinking furiously, and John’s heart ached for him. He wished so much that he could just go around the table and hug him.
John wrote back:
It was late at night now, and he was walking around in the sitting room, taking in and memorizing every little detail.
The image of Sherlock on a dirty old mattress in that tenement building came up in his mind. He felt his stomach turning over in fear.
is bickering with a few
”Yes, I know, I know, I’m an idiot, what can I say.” He forced a short laugh. ”Really bloody embarrassing, my age, to get hammered like a teenager. It was Nigel’s shots that did me in. And then I just walked around to sober up before I went home. Didn’t want you to have two babies to look after.”
”You’re giving COCAINE to an ADDICT!! Are you trying to KILL him!!”
********************
”I thought we agreed on no gifts this year,” Sherlock says angrily, then sits back down again in his chair with a very heavy sigh. ”But Mummy seems hell-bent on taking it one step further.”
“So brilliant, so beautiful,” he said, not breaking the quick rhythm. “You were such a good boy, it was amazing, so perfect,” and then it took just five more strokes until Sherlock was shutting his eyes and coming, hard, all over John's hand and chest, burying his nails into John’s shoulders.
”No, ’is not.”
”Do you want me to finish you off right now? With my mouth?” John murmurs, and there’s that tongue again, darting out to wet his lips.
She turned to face him, slowly shaking her head.
”Oh, that was our neighbours’ girl. Unusual name - Eurus, was it..? Only child, so she’d come with us, sometimes. She was a bit…
“I promise you, this is nothing compared to what I could do if you'd let me,” John said. He pumped his cock a bit faster, causing Sherlock to move his hips in a strong upward motion.
He decided it would have to do. He pressed send.
”It’s really such a sad story,” Mrs Holmes says in a hushed voice. ”You know, Sherlock was… so lonely, growing up. And we thought that a dog might be good for him, so we got Redbeard. It was Sherlock who named him, of course.” She smiles, pensively.
Kind, considerate John. This was so easy to answer.
And surely Sherlock must have noticed his gaze, when it stuck for the tenth time that evening on his neck, or on the skin of his chest, bared where the two top buttons were undone.
”There’s only one person in the whole world that I want to think about right now.” John’s hand begins to move through his hair again. ”Can you deduce?”
, Irene had said.
He exhales. ”You beat me to it. As usual.” He smiles, and Mary smiles back, happily.
”So, Mary told me you’re an art curator. I’m sorry for not knowing these things, but what exactly do you do?”
”So, what’s his name then, the lucky bastard?”
”God, I can’t wait to see this,” John says, eyes sparkling. And Sherlock thinks that for the first time in a long bloody while, he’s managed to do something right.
Sherlock forcefully tried to shut down this line of thought.
Had it been revenge? John suddenly wondered. Some sort of subconscious way of getting back at Sherlock.
John smiled a little. ”I’m glad to hear that, but I don’t think I could ever stop worrying about you, you know. That’s how it is, when you love somebody.”
John squares his shoulders, stands back to let them finish their ceremony. It’s always a bit weird, returning to the house they used to share, but it’s gradually getting better.
John clears his throat, finishes his tea. Didn’t plan to say all that. Sherlock is sitting still and quiet, blinking a bit too fast. Was a bit much, maybe, and it’s late and Sherlock has certainly had his emotional quota filled a long time ago this evening. ”Sorry,” John says. ”Didn’t mean to lay all that upon you.” John stands, grabs his mug as well as Sherlock’s. ”I think we’d better get some sleep now.”
“Like this?” he asked.
John's palm pressed over his length, and then he felt John shape his hand into a fist and give one earnest, experimental pull through the fabric.
”No you really shouldn’t have,” said Gabriel, anger flaring up in his eyes for a moment.
Sherlock's reply was barely audible.
Only problem is, what comes up now is Sherlock. John thinks about the way Sherlock was looking this morning, standing in front of the sofa with his tousled hair and untied dressing gown.
He remembered it so clearly, it stood out brighter in his mind than anything else, the way John had used to look at him. In his eyes, there had been admiration, and acceptance, and a smiling warmth.
John smiled. ”Perhaps I should try that voice on you sometime..?”
John met her eyes. It felt like a knife twisting in his gut, seeing the hurt and the despair.
It had begun civilized enough. The baby had been sleeping upstairs, and he had sat down with Mary, she in the chair, he in the sofa, both with a cup of tea in front of them.
- bedroom.
”John. John!”
”John,” he said. ”Watch.”
An odd silence follows, before John replies.
come'ead - let' s go
”Good Lord, what is this, then,” Sherlock said and stopped to pick up a black lace bra from one of the shrubs, causing John to laugh again.
”Quite.”
”Stunning observation. I’m so glad you chose to share it with me.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything, just looked at him, thoughtfully.
********************
”Um,” John says into the darkness, and Sherlock quells a sigh.
Now he was done dictating the records, and finally had time to take out his phone.
”Sherlock, you know what?” John looks at him, waits until Sherlock looks up again. ”I get it. I do. It -this, tonight, sitting here with you now - it seems unreal to me, too.”
”Don’t take this the wrong way, because you’re handsome enough, John, but please. That guy’s Hollywood pretty! You can’t honestly think you can compete?”
“She has actually told me a lot about her past now, so I'd say I know her fairly well. Look Mycroft, the only thing that matters-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Seeing these wounds on a person he loved, that turned out to be an entirely different thing.
Right after he'd said it, he regretted it, remembering who he was dealing with.
Panic stirring in his chest at the thought; luckily, the buzz in his head makes it easy to shut it off. He closes his eyes and lets himself melt into the unreal sensations of touching John, of leaning into his body, sucking his lower lip-
He went around a small hill with trees and bushes, and then stopped dead.
“I would expect you to be able to figure that out by yourself, John. After all, you were the trigger for this mess. You and your extraordinary selfish behavior.”
John winced at the mention of that bloke’s name. He had tried very hard not to think about him, tried to just brush it off by telling himself Sherlock would take care of it.
“Is he expecting you, Mister…?”
”No, wow,” he stammered out. ”God, I didn’t mean it like that, I was just concerned-”
“Oh what?” Sherlock asked, a small frown between his brows.
He knew perfectly well how to respond to not aggravate a situation like this, and he felt silently proud of himself for the way he managed to counter her attacks with a deescalating attitude.
”You have to know. You’re absolute perfection. My god. How are you even possible.”
how I’ve wanted to to this-”
Sherlock was twisting and turning, and John just couldn't hold back any longer.
John inhales sharply. ”Look, Sherlock, I know this isn’t the best timing, but as you know, I have to leave soon. Promised to pick up Mary and Rosie at the airport.”
John closed his eyes in agony. I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you, he thought. I’m so terribly sorry.
Fighting the snow, John managed to speed up into a jogging pace. He pushed through the crowd, calling out the familiar words.
”John,” said Sherlock, after they had been staring at each other for seconds that had felt like an eternity. And then he smiled. Broke out in a big, unshielded, teethy grin, and John was completely floored.
staring, because,
”You know, I talked to Kate, Richard’s wife, earlier today and she said Richard was home before midnight. And that you had left the pub before him. But you, John… you didn’t get in until almost 2:30 in the morning? I’m just curious, that’s all.”
* * *
, of course that movie should be right up your alley, serial killer and all. Just bloody brilliant!”
”Very good. And so in this particular instance, I wonder - what exactly did you think I was going to say, that morning when I came in?”
Sherlock was silent, looking down. John badly wished they could just skip this part, fast forward it into the future. Unfortunately, there was no such option.
Apparently he is not the only one feeling this, because he notices, with surprise, that the lower rims of Sherlock’s silvery eyes are beginning to fill.
John laughed. ”That was hardly your fault,” he said, and was relieved when Sherlock smiled back at him again.
But why hadn't he let him know? Unlike John to do so.
“You're bluffing. You wouldn't do that,” he said, praying she would back down. She didn’t.
”Hi my darling, oh how Mummy's missed you!!”
It’s been a crazy shift, with two car accidents and a horrific stab wound. Thankfully, they all seemed to be critical but stable when he left for home. But he’s been on his feet for fourteen hours straight, and could really, really use some more sleep.
Now John couldn't really hold back a slight chuckle.
Second worse scenario: They see each other twice a year, at best, for stiff dinners where one’s supposed to engage in so called
This is a dance John knows very well, knows what comes next. He puts a hand on her knee, rubs little circles, feels her silky stocking soft against his palm. She smiles, leans forward, her face so close to his. He meets her halfway, kisses her.
”John, what-”
His hands holding his head still.
”Yes,” he whispered again.
”’Course,” he says with his lips on the sparsely haired stomach. ”You bet. Since that very first night, at Angelo’s. Too bad you brushed me off.”
Sherlock’s mouth was gaping open.
”Yes, yes-”
”I think it’s your turn to tell me something I don’t know about you,” he says.
”Humor me,” John smiled, ”tell me how you deduced it? Go on, impress a guy.”
”Mmm,” is all Sherlock can think to reply. Is exhausted, exhilarated but at the same time, his thoughts are beginning to pick up speed, because.. what happens now? What
He felt Sherlock blow a hot puff of air through his nostrils, causing his pubic hair just above his cock to move. John’s hands had instinctively made their way to Sherlock’s head, and oh dear lord how he had fantasized about this. Dreamt of running his fingers through Sherlock’s soft, dark hair, while he was doing this, exactly this. Only it was a million times better in real life.
”He was, he is. Still friends. But to be honest, it’s a relief.”
Sherlock searched for his eyes. His voice was hoarse when he spoke.
”Oh, that.” Sherlock had already forgotten he’d brought it up. ”Yes, he’s bringing his.. his… his
It was the afternoon of Christmas Eve, and John was sitting in his chair with a Tom Clancy novel that he was beginning to suspect that he had already read. But since he couldn't remember how it ended, he figured he might as well keep at it, too comfortable now to get up to try to find something else.
John looks up. There’s a tense furrow between Sherlock’s eyebrows.
”Is right, Danny,” he says. ”Well done you.” Sherlock lays a hand on the kid’s shoulder, pats it briefly. He reaches out a cigarette, puts another one between his own lips and lights first the kid’s, then his own. Gray smoke rising towards the black night sky, it has stopped raining but is very cold, John feels it now as the adrenaline begins to subside.
********************
During those first few months, in the summer, she had often called him at work, yelling and shouting abuse, and on many occasions he'd seen no other alternative than to get in the car and go over there, to make sure Anna was okay.
”Mm,” said Sherlock. ”I know. But you are clearly bise- Ah!” he drew a sharp breath as John let his hand slide down for a moment to give his testicles a quick tug. ”Bisexual,” Sherlock gasped.
”Of course I didn’t,” John says, smiling gently. ”But I wanted to. I have to tell you, Sherlock, coming here, being here with you. If you don’t mind me saying- but it still feels like home.”
Sherlock was silent, tried to process it all. The words John was saying, surreal. He couldn’t have wished for anything more. And yet… How could this possibly work?
”Sherlock,” John moaned. ”Sherlock I’m close, baby,”
Sherlock turns the lights on, proceeds to throw his coat over the sofa and then disappears into the kitchen, John can hear the tap running.
John was by no means a naive man, and it didn’t take him long to form an idea of what was going on. ”
Typical of Gabe to pick up things like that even though he was half asleep. Could sniff emotions like a goddamn bloodhound.
”How’s our hero?” It’s Greg, standing right behind them to peak into the back of the ambulance, then widening his eyes in surprise.
Without warning, John had pushed in a second finger, and he was slowly scissoring them to stretch Sherlock open further.
He wraps his other hand around Sherlock’s cock, strokes him a bit, then ghosts over his tight balls.
. John had gotten angry with him for saying so, but really, it was how it was meant to be, and Sherlock just couldn’t fathom why John was suddenly resisting so many of those things that had used to make them
”Ready?” said Sherlock, by now almost jumping with excitement. He reminded John of a little boy on Christmas - which in a way, John thought, was precisely what he was.
Sherlock was absolutely still for a long moment.
”You said that Mary and Rosie are off to Spain for Christmas. So I was wondering-”
”And of this you’re quite sure?”
He didn’t know for how long they stood like that, in the middle of the living room that had been the heart of the home they’d shared. Back when things were so much easier, and so much happier.
“Who, then?” he asked. “Who did you last find attractive? In a sexual way, to be clear.”
”Yeah alright, smartass.” John smiled and leaned back to the wall, the way Sherlock was standing but sideways, so that he was fully turned towards him. He was disproportionally happy when Sherlock turned to do the same.
John couldn’t be quiet at the touch, and the sight of Sherlock touching him there was overwhelming. Overwhelming in every way.
Again and again and again, he’s mulling over everything that happened and how it all went so wrong. It’s pointless, he knows it is. Has not been able to find a why; only knows that the current situation feels like a noose around his neck. How could he have misread the situation so completely?
Around him, a hundred voices begin to sing.
The other man was face to face with Sherlock, he seemed to be saying something. He had lowered his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders to the sides of his arms, and was stroking them up and down, then giving them a brisk pat and releasing him.
Oddly, John’s touch seemed to help him calm down. As Sherlock could feel his shoulders dropping, feel himself moving away from the edge of panic, he was able to notice that John’s respiratory rate had increased.
”I’ve missed you. Don’t think I’ve realised how much, until now,” John says, just a little louder than a whisper.
”You look well,” he said to Sherlock, then instantly regretted it. He really had not meant to imply anything about drugs, and certainly not within the first five minutes after they’d sat down, yet that was probably precisely how it had come across to Sherlock.
John goes from the hotel bathroom to the mirrored closet door, stands in front of it while he buttons his shirt. He’d meant to iron it but then chosen to crash on the bed for an hour instead, the events of last night and today taking their toll. His phone chimes, he goes to the desk to get it from the charger.
Sherlock laughed and looked delighted, and that warmed John more than any heat source ever could.
” he whispers, pushing up into Sherlock’s touch. ”
An image came up, from that one night, when John had woken him up to say he had to leave, and Sherlock remembered grabbing his wrist and asking him not to go, had pressed John for an answer regarding when he’d come back-
Although, he reminded himself, the other thing that had come up last night was much, much worse.
”This can never be like before, can it,” he said, but it wasn’t a question. He looked very sad, and John felt himself sinking even further.
And then there were some shuffling about, a cupboard opening and closing, and he could hear someone adjusting something with his IV-bag. Then the steps disappeared and the door closed.
Sherlock looks away, and John doesn’t know what to say. He really has no idea of what this is all about, or why this is so difficult to talk about.
Sherlock had tried to get Dr. Riyat to provide him with an answer. Had used all his skills. Coerced, manipulated, pushed, begged. Yes, alright, there might have been a tiny bit of threatening involved, as well.
But now, everything was fine again. More than fine.
. Realised that, um. That sort of thing. Wasn’t for me.”
Sherlock looks confused. ”What?”
-” John lifts his head and shoulders from the pillow, looks down to watch. He puts his left hand in Sherlock’s soft hair, brushes it away from his forehead. Sherlock glances up to meet his eyes, his heart shaped lips stretched around him.
John buried his face in Sherlock's neck, kept kissing him there, and after a moment, he moved. Ever so slowly, he lifted his hips up, and Sherlock thought that he was going to break the touch to reposition himself somewhere safer. But he didn't. Instead, he let his cock slide back down again, touching the sensitive skin of Sherlock's scrotum, and then moved until he was once again rubbing his dick against Sherlock's arse.
”Merry Christmas, Sherlock,” John whispers.
“Oh, sorry. Sure, that’s fine.”
John stood in place and waited as Gabriel reluctantly approached him.
”Who’s the little cutie in the red wellies?” Caroline asks, and it’s Mycroft who replies.
”Come here you tosser,” he smiled, then reached up to place a soft kiss on his lips.
At this, Mark, who up until now had been quietly following the exchange, bursted out in a roaring laugh. He clapped his hands together in a happy gesture. ”Brilliant! That was absolutely brilliant! Perfect timing, perfect reference! Ha!”
Second sensation: John’s cock swelling even bigger in his hand, filling with blood to the max.
John continues. ”Right. And why? Well, because if you do, you’ll unwisely start to twist the facts to suit your theories, instead of the theories to suit the facts.”
”I wanted to say. That while it’s true that I’ve never had a relationship with a man, I have, um. Hooked up. On several occasions, over the years.”
”Please, just let this happen.” John was half whispering against his neck.
He remembered Mike’s words.
After walking around for a while, he spotted Mary and Charlotte dancing in the crowd, Mary waved happily when she saw him. John decided to get another drink, and then saw Sherlock standing leaned back against the bar, alone, in the same spot he had been before. He was holding a glass of water in his hand, looking out over the people dancing. John recognized that his opportunity had come.
,” he mumbled into John’s shirt. ”For us, to be there together.” John thought that Sherlock’s voice sounded a little bit thicker than usual.
But most importantly: he’s been glancing across the table every now and then, catching Sherlock’s eye with a barely detectable smile. And on one of the occasions he got up to get something (a deli fork), he had put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he leaned over him to place it on the table.
”Of course it was. Amazing…” He leans forward, kisses him deeply. ”Extraordinary.”
After thinking about it for a long while without getting anywhere, he gets up from the chair, frustrated because damnit, he doesn’t know how these things work! He goes into his bedroom to get his phone.
There was a scratch at the door. And there, another. It sounded like the dog was trying to dig it’s way through the door, and judging by the frantic noise, John thought it might very well succeed. He broke the kiss.
Something shifts in the room, Sherlock can feel it happening. John is sitting very still, but Sherlock, who has had two fingers below John’s jaw for a while, noticed when his pulse spiked.
Realises he’s naked. Slept naked, next to John. A vague memory of waking up, briefly, to move in closer. Had wedged a leg in between John’s thighs, felt his soft cock beneath thin cotton. Drifted back into sleep again; warm, safe, happy.
But when the church organ very suddenly blasts out the first notes of
Charlotte and Mark didn’t have any children, and John thought it was kind of nice to get a break from the constant discussions about parenting and babies.
The sitting room is lit only by a few table lamps. In the fire place, pieces of coal are still glowing. The entire house is wrapped in silence now, but outside, in the far distance, a dog is barking. Sherlock runs his fingers through his hair, once, trying to collect the scattered images and memories of everything that happened. So many years have passed since then, but the wound still feels fresh now when he pokes around in it.
”Yeah,” John whispers insistently. ”That’s it, love, that’s it.”
”Yes.” For a moment, Sherlock just looks down. He desperately tries to think of something funny to say, in order to preempt the humiliation surely about to come. But John doesn’t laugh. Instead, he just keeps looking at Sherlock with those soft eyes.
He checks his respiration, then finds a stethoscope, holds Sherlock still with a hand on his arm as he leans forward, moves it around to listen to Sherlock’s heart. Strong, even beats - as John listens, he is flooded with sudden memories of the night Sherlock was shot.
”Oh baby,” said Gabe and placed a wet kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. John winced at the sight. ”Obviously he’s got nothing on you.”
Their eyes met, and John felt the mood between them shift from frantic to something softer.
Sherlock thought that maybe he should feel worried, or something. Upset? But he didn’t. He felt calm and convinced. It was as if he, all of a sudden, could see the true nature of things. Deep down within him, he was finally able to feel what he wanted.
. It’s irregular, by the way.”
********************
John was rocking into Sherlock’s hand and against his body. He had one hand on Sherlock’s hipbone and perhaps, if it had been possible, it would have left a burn mark there because that was how hot it felt against his skin.
”Sure makes for a good story,” John smiled back. He had been standing this close to Sherlock before, on countless occasions, but this time, it felt different; different and difficult and wonderful.
John says something Sherlock can’t hear, and then Caroline’s talking again.
John was overcome with an intense rush of happy gratefulness. He was so very grateful for the fact that Sherlock was his, now. That he'd chosen John.
“Stop it! For God's sake, John, get a grip.”
”And Merry Christmas.” He grins big, teeth showing. John widens his eyes, just for a millisecond but Sherlock still sees it. The grin maybe a bit much? Tries to turn it down a notch.
”Here, of course. When I’m done?”
”I’ll go to jail,” the kid says, quietly now. ”Me life will be ruin’d.”
Sherlock pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows in a superior gesture that reminded John of none other than Mycroft himself. This – the mannerisms, the way they carried themselves – was really how most of the brotherly semblance presented itself, he had always thought.
********************
”Sherlock,” John says. ”Open your eyes.”
”But you don’t know that," Sherlock had argued. ”Just because I have a difficult time making sense of the concept of love, it doesn’t mean I don’t… you know-”
”Actually, yes, I do. You made me go to some posh salon in Kensington to get you that one hundred quid bottle of coconut shampoo.”
”Holmes and Watson, side by side again,” he said, drunkenly but happily. ”At last, the order in the universe has been restored!”
He’s not sure who sees whom first. Only knows that he would instantly notice the presence of John Watson, anywhere, anytime.
”Uh huh…?” John waits, but Sherlock does not volunteer anything more.
They lie in silence for a while, Sherlock can hear that John is pretending to sleep, and he’s doing the same thing himself. It’s too intimate, he cannot possibly sleep when John is so close that Sherlock could just reach up an arm to touch him.
Sherlock gave him a polite nod.
”And also, I just don’t understand,” (
he replied, still grinning as he was sitting in his office, surrounded by medical charts and instruments and prescription pads. Things belonging to a responsible adult, but today, his heart was decidedly that of a love sick teenager’s.
”Ornithoptera alexandrae,” he repeated. ”It’s a Swallowtail, too.
”My patience with you is running out, Dr. Watson. For the final time, try to get what I’m saying. Sherlock could have died last night! So he and I both agree that at this point, we need to prioritize his safety over everything else. This is not a bloody romance novella!”
”You did,” said Sherlock, and John was very pleased that he could still get Sherlock to blush once in a while.
”Mmm,” Sherlock replies. He hopes John can’t feel through the mattress how hard his heart is beating.
. She walked over and stretched out a hand to help Gabriel up on his feet again, he accepted it, then leaned back against the wall, holding both his hands to his burning cheek. Sherlock was just observing the spectacle; high, dazed, stunned.
”Had any good cases lately?” John tried to get a conversation going, but it felt weird, having to ask about the things he used to be so tightly interwoven in, and Sherlock was politely answering his questions, but not providing anything more.
It was half past ten and John had not shown up. Had not even had the guts to send him a simple text to tell him he wasn't going to, either.
”I’m going to make it so good for you, love,” John whispered, then kissed him. Sherlock felt his body tremble.
John was overcome with a sense of loss so strong it made him sink to the floor, bury his face in his hands.
Begins to feel quite angry at Caroline.
At first, Mary had just stood up. Without saying a word, she'd walked out into the kitchen. John could hear the tap running, and the clinking of porcelain as she put her cup into the dishwasher.
This, he thinks, may very possibly be what puts an end to all hope of getting John back into his life again. Because John is
, he thought to himself.
John broke their kiss, tilted his head and started to place wet kisses on Sherlock’s neck, just below his ear. He trailed his tongue up to Sherlock’s earlobe, sucked it in, licked it, then moved back to kiss his neck again. Sherlock let his head fall back a bit, exposing more of his neck. Rush after rush of excitement and desire rolled through him like giant waves.
The psychiatrist in charge went quiet, then cleared her throat. “Well, there’s no reason to go into worst case scenarios now, is there.” She forced a smile, tried her best to be reassuring. That was kind of her. It was.
Tried so hard.
”I don’t live here anymore,” he said out loud, and suddenly felt like he wanted to cry. My God, he really had to get a grip on himself, all kinds of weird thoughts and emotions running wild this evening apparently.
“Well, alright. You've traveled far, and I wouldn't want to ruin your visit to our fine city. I'll take your word for it, and we'll just forget about this incident, for this time.”
”No, of course, John, you couldn’t have. I’m merely trying to help you understand a little bit more about Sherlock and the way his mind works regarding these things. Alright, so, we were talking about ’love’. Leads me seamlessly into the topic of your wedding.”
He waited and listened. There it was again. And again. From a turned down TV perhaps, he wondered, then reminded himself that Sherlock never watched the telly voluntarily.
“God, Sherlock, what happened? I didn't see you get hit.” John felt terribly bad for having started it, especially since Sherlock had asked him not to. Still, he couldn't see how he could possibly have let them get away with their offensive behaviour.
”I’m just going to pop upstairs to give Rosie a call,” he says, then turns to leave the room.
So what, John tried to tell himself. Although he couldn't do anything about Sherlock's past, he could possibly affect his future. And what he wanted, without any doubt now, was to make sure Sherlock never kissed anyone else but him. Not ever again. The strength of this feeling surprised him, but it was what it was. That was how he felt.
He gave up. There couldn’t be a long letter, because regardless of how he tried, it would turn into something that would be more about his own needs.
“Just because I don't care for the effects that love and sexual relations have on most people, and rarely find anyone attractive - it doesn't mean that I don't suffer under the same basic hormonal influences as everyone else.”
“I could go on for a while about the technicalities, but perhaps we should move on to the details that require more deduction than observation?”
”I am sure that’s what Janine thought too, you know.”
Those were words that Sherlock had never once said out loud. Nor had he heard them spoken, to him that is, before he had met Gabriel. His parents were caring and respectful, but not the types to get all mushy like that with their children. Most of the time they hadn’t been home anyway, and nannies had come and gone in a steady stream, usually taking off by slamming the front door, with tears in their eyes and promising to never return.
Now, he realized he was.
But without exception, he’d eventually begin to entertain John with gems of scandalous information that he had deduced about people they knew.
”And I was waiting for them to show up, but they didn’t. And then I thought they were never going to.”
”Noo… I think I’ve deduced that much, tonight.” A bemused look on John’s face. He’s whispering, likely because now they are in the upstairs hallway and maybe he’s being
”I have something tonight, a dinner I can’t really reschedule, and then I go back tomorrow to have a little Christmas thing with Mary and Rosie before they leave. It’s her first Christmas without us both… But maybe I could come on Christmas Eve, early afternoon?”
Just as someone once had pointed out to him.
”Git,” John giggles. ”But Sherlock, look, just- On a scale from one to ten, how drunk are you?”
”Look at us both,” John said, suddenly smiling. ”I don’t know about you, but I’ve just had the best goddamn sex of my entire life. And the man I love more than anything has just told me that he, by some divine intervention, loves me, too. So there really should be no reason for crying, here.” He smiled, a contagious grin.
”Sherlock,” John said again. He squeezed his arm a bit tighter, tried frantically to create some sort of order in the myriad of thoughts and emotions whirling through him.
”Darling. Don’t overthink it. This is not difficult, I promise. You just ask. And he will either say yes, and then that’s great, or he will say no.”
(See the end of the chapter for
”Saved a great many soldiers from bleeding out in Vietnam, you know. Press here.” John guides Sherlock’s hand to press on the flanell.
”I didn’t think you did… this sort of thing.” John is slowly combing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
On Saturday, the day after the pub, he had stubbornly ignored his hangover to spend hours walking briskly around the neighborhood with the stroller; Anna rocked comfortably to sleep by the fast pace and the fresh summery air. John was mulling over everything again and again, trying to align his thoughts in a way that would make sense.
”Yous blaggin’ me ’ead. Lyin’ to make me trust ya.”
”Ow!” Sherlock couldn’t hold back the exclamation, because it had burned quite a lot more than he had expected.
”Well I don’t know about you, but I could certainly use a drink. Can I get you anything?”
His heart, beating so fast in his chest. He felt dizzy, disconnected. He sat down on the edge of the bed, feeling like the air had been punched out of him.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything because, really, what is there to say to this? He’s used to people assuming this about him, but still wonders why the idea of him having physical needs like everybody else is so far-fetched. Is he really that strange, that odd? Impossible to love, or even sleep with?
”Apparently Mr Trevor had suffered a massive stroke after getting some kind of threatening letter. When we arrived at the hospital just a short while later, we found out that he had passed away.”
The reply was instant this time.
”Figured it would be beneficial to write, to straighten up the memory a bit. What was what, that sort of thing. Sometimes it tends to… blur.” He sighed. ”So. Mary. The aquarium. Didn’t, uh. Go wrong.”
”Getting tight.” A wicked smile on his face.
”Tomorrow night, okay? I need to go in to work in the morning, but I’ll leave early to talk to- It might take a while, but I’ll be back tomorrow night.”
By now, it was evident that Janine's romanticized fantasy of having a cottage in the country didn't quite match the reality. Like a water leak in the kitchen, broken radiators and a badger underneath the house.
”Really?”
”You’re mean,” he said. ”I don’t deserve this.”
”Stay. Please stay.” He reached out a hand, heavy from sleep, to grab John’s wrist.
”So, I take it you aren’t helping Sherlock with his cases anymore? Must be weird, after all that the two of you have been through together.”
, sitting there in the (sparkling) kitchen, just John and him again, almost like no time has passed. ”I’m fine,” he says. ”Thank you again for, you know. Helping out. And for-” he gestures around the room, ”this. You didn’t have to do that.”
The food is placed right outside the door. Sherlock is the one standing nearest, John a bit behind together with some of the officers, Sally and the Commander. John gets the feeling that every single one of them is holding their breath when they see Greg slowly approaching, hands tied together in front of him.
”Christ,” he whispers to himself, begins to move through the room. Absolutely everywhere are stacks of paper - printed articles, journals, newspapers, magazines, books - most of them covered in thick layers of dust. There are clothes, scattered around, and just - stuff, things, all over the floor and the table and- John’s heart sinks deeper when he notices the used plates and mugs, also seemingly just left where they happened to be; must have been piling up for quite some time given the amount of them.
want this.”
the text said, but John couldn’t because Mary had locked him up inside their bedroom closet.
”We might as well have a bite, don’t you think?” Sherlock had said when they were seated, and John had nodded in amazed agreement.
Breathes-
a goldfish. Maybe Mycroft was right. Sees all the small muscles in John’s face tense, sees his shoulders draw up.
”And yes, I’ve done so many things that I regret, Sherlock. God, you have no fucking idea how much I regret them and how bloody sorry I am. I wake up every single night, thinking about it, over and over again and frankly I don’t understand how we got to this point!”
Sherlock’s grin grows even wider. ”You’re mine now. Just so you know.”
At nine, he had run out of cigarettes, having chain smoked the eleven he had left.
Sherlock’s body was still completely frozen, but his mind was racing to the extent that he briefly wondered if this was what it would feel like to go insane. He tried to form a coherent train of thought, but all he got was fragmentized.
name. It’s Sadie.”
He can’t think. No more energy for that, not anymore, this night. And ethanol, unlike most molecules, can easily cross the blood-brain-barrier; Sherlock can definitely feel the evidence of that, now. He allows himself to lean forward, until his forehead is resting against John’s shoulder. Notices how John tenses up for a short moment - but Sherlock doesn’t even have it in him to worry about that.
With his current job, the money was insanely good. Unfortunately, it was also insanely stressful to not be able to go on cases with Sherlock the way he wanted to. Particularly when Sherlock would come back home with some sort of injury.
Then Mike had looked at him sternly. John hadn’t even thought the man had it in him to make that kind of face.
The Commander is also noticeably jittery after the shot has been fired. ”We need to prepare to go in,” John hears him say to the officers standing next to him.
A man comes up and gestures questioningly about the empty chair at his table; John nods a distracted yes.
”Yeah,” John says. ”Yeah I know. I just- you know. I just let it all.. slide.” He averts his eyes, looks down into the table. ”I know I should’ve. I meant to, so many times, but-”
John stopped pacing. He ran his hands across his face, exhaled shakily.
”…but..?”
”John, listen. I read something fascinating today.”
”It’s actually rather funny when one thinks about it. Your wife shot me, and you knocked out my boyfriend the first time you met him.”
John enjoyed getting caught up in the intelligent conversation that pinged across the table. Mary was her usual, sparkling smiling self, elegantly balancing her attention between everyone, and John watched her with pride.
And the game was ON! And it was better than drugs to keep him distracted, to hold this damaged ship afloat for yet a while.
Sherlock’s mind freezes.
The stale taste of blood and metal in John’s mouth. It was the taste of defeat.
”Hello, John.” Sherlock smiled back and John’s last shred of composure crumbled.
”Shh, baby, you have to keep it down a bit, or Mrs. Hudson will call the police,” John smiled.
In the midst of their happy laughter, John saw Greg approach. He stopped in front of them, seemed to take in the sight.
Against better judgement, he takes out his phone. Ignores a couple of texts wishing him a happy new year, all hyperbole and emoticons.
”Thank you. Thank you for admitting that. You thought you did, I know that. But as it turns out, you didn’t. And so what can you do when you don’t know?”
John interrupted him, his voice was trembling with held back rage.
”Thanks John, but I actually need to leave,” Sherlock said apologetically. ”There’s, eh, somebody waiting for me at home.”
He was silent, gathered courage to continue. Dr. Riyat was waiting without saying a word. Sherlock wondered for how long he could be quiet before the therapist would eventually speak. He decided not to test it.
”Sure. Yes,” is all he has time to say, and then John is on his way again.
He knew he should just get in a taxi and leave, but.. standing there at Baker Street, it felt impossible not to wonder about that one particular flat at 221B. Was Sherlock home? John knew he had been very busy, dealing with that horrible Did you miss me?-scenario after Christmas. Sherlock had asked if John wanted to help, but at the time it had just been impossible, with the imminent birth of the baby and all.
She got up to him. He didn’t know what to do. She was pulling at the fabric of his trousers.
He was surprised to notice that it was true. He had actually managed to put the correct label on the crazy, stomach twisting emotion that was whirling around inside of him at the moment. Normally it would all be a mixed up, undefinable mess.
”Give me a hand with that zipper, will you?” He smiled, but was breathing with his mouth open now, and John could not tear his eyes away from where his hand was resting.
Horribly bright daylight is trickling in through the gaps at the sides of the curtains. Did he draw them last night? No recollection of that.
Then again, there was that question. What if John didn't want to see him?
And once again, he had felt like it was hard to breathe and like he was falling-
Soon, they were back to kissing again, rushed and wantingly. John was almost lying on top of Sherlock now, supporting his weight on his arms.
Back in the bedroom, Sherlock suddenly got a little embarrassed about taking his robe off in front of John. Somehow, it felt different from earlier that night, and he could feel John’s intensive gaze on his naked skin as he slipped out of the thin garment and threw it on the chair.
”For everything. For not getting in touch. For the way I left. For, um. What I did, before-” John stops and a long stretch of silence follows, since Sherlock really can’t form a proper reply. Images pop up in his mind, scattered memories of being high as a kite. Of John, kicking him. Of- he squeezes his eyes shut, tries to push them away. Yes, he has wanted this apology. It’s welcome, even though he’s not able to say so. Not able to say anything, really.
Gabriel pushed John away, his aim more focused this time and John had to take a few steps back to regain his balance.
Sherlock’s voice, the hot hardness of his dick in John’s hand; the sight of him, disheveled and sweaty, naked and turned on below him; it takes John’s arousal to another level. His body is taking command, brain on autopilot, the only thing that exists now is this very moment.
“Well, well, well – look at you... And I thought you just said it was absolutely normal. You're blushing like a school girl!”
John immediately froze. ”I’m so sorry,” he said and began to carefully pull out his fingers.
”I can’t.”
“What does your dog look like? And in which direction did it go?” he asked, and was grateful that the woman resisted her obvious impulse to give him a hug.
But John didn’t seem to be anywhere close to being put off. On the contrary, he was still smiling, and now he was beginning to move his hand over the fabric, tracing the contours underneath.
”Mmm,” John sighs, his lips against Sherlock’s ear. ”Your arse, Sherlock,
Silence for a while, Sherlock was still not meeting his eyes.
”When convenient, please mail keys to Baker St. SH”
She’s silent for a moment. ”Fair enough. I guess you know this best.” She pauses for a moment. ”Maybe Sherlock just isn’t… capable of feeling things like that."
He sighs. ”I’m so sorry, Rebecca. I honestly don’t know what’s wrong with me tonight.”
John could tell that Sherlock was absolutely panic-stricken, but that didn’t dampen his anger.
he remembered Sherlock’s teasing words, spoken on that night of his miraculous return.
, Sherlock thinks as John follows him up the stairs towards his bedroom.
”I have applied those principles, and it has had a frankly marvelous effect!”
”Yeah.” John felt his cheeks flush a little again, but was firmly decided not to let his awkward feelings of embarrassment come in the way in this. ”Yes, a date. Given our activities over the last fifteen hours, I’m pretty sure that would be the correct terminology, if you and I went out for dinner together.”
John could really visualize it. He'd had these thoughts about Sherlock before, ever so fleetingly, never really allowed himself to indulge in them. But now, here – this was a different story.
”Ah,” John eventually says, short-clipped. ”Right.”
Gabe leaned closer over the table, lowered his voice.
“Yes, well, I guess after this, one could hardly claim I keep you straight,” he chuckled.
Sherlock’s bedroom had been it’s own little universe, but now they were both back into the real world, with daylight and reality all too present, and were going to have to find a way to relate, once again, after a year and a half of separation. And this time, not only as friends but also as lovers.
”Anyway,” John says, in a gentle voice. ”I brought you some tea and toast. It’s on the desk.”
Sherlock was drowning in the sensation.
”Trust me, this wasn’t what I expected waking up this morning.” John goes up to give Greg a quick hug.
The rhythm of their hips, their cocks, thrusting into his hand in synchrony. The noises John made and that Sherlock found himself responding to so strongly that he sometimes was afraid he’d come.
“But you want to have sex,” Sherlock said in a matter-of-factly tone, causing John to suddenly feel much more awake. He opened his eyes, looked straight at Sherlock. They had never before even come close to this subject.
John felt himself relaxing. The slightly awkward feeling he’d been having, was beginning to fade. There was really nothing much to be concerned about, he decided. They could still be, well, be what they always used to be, before. No need to put on an act.
With his eyes closed, the sensations from it all grew even stronger.
John was starting to regret this, but at the same time, he was very curious to hear what else Sherlock might have figured out.
”No,” he felt himself smiling. ”I suppose it hasn’t.”
Two blissful hours later, he was awakened by Gabriel pressing against him from behind. Sherlock made room for Gabe’s erection between his thighs, flexed his gracilis muscles and was rewarded with a fist around his own hardness. Gabe was whispering his usual stream of I love you’s when he was about to climax, and Sherlock, as usual, did not respond to this.
The past is in the past, and no amount of regret or rumination will change that. But maybe, hopefully, the future will take a different turn - starting right now.
”Oh my god, Sherlock,” John managed to get out. ”Just- oh my god.”
John smiles. ”My privilege, Sherlock. Listen. You get into bed and I’ll get you some water and a couple of Ibuprofen, might need them for when you wake up.”
lid/la - lad/mate
”Right," he says again. "Not dead.”
For a long moment, Sherlock just kept looking down at his drink. In a swift motion, he then finished it off in one big gulp, although the glass had been almost half full.
”Right you are, you’ve always had a good head on your shoulders," said Mark. ”And I understand congratulations are in order, marriage and a baby, that’s fantastic!”
”Thank you John. I’m so glad we had this talk.” She pats him on the arm. ”Now, go settle in, you’ve had a long trip. Then I would be eternally grateful for some help with the hors d’oeuvres.”
”Please, just let me, for a little while,” he breathed. Sherlock obliged and relaxed into the bed, focused on John’s hands - oh! - John’s mouth - stroking and kissing him over his neck, shoulders, chest.
“Don't, John. Please.” Sherlock looked at him. He was still holding John's dick, very slowly stroking it. “Listen to me. I want it. I want it so much I lack the words to explain it to you. Just because I'm inexperienced with this sort of thing – it doesn't make me less capable of knowing what I want.”
”Shh,” John hushes loudly, cutting him off. ”Let him work.”
”Well. Good thing you called my brother, then. He paid us such a lovely surprise visit, just this morning actually. Perhaps 7 o’clock is a tad bit early for entertaining guests after a nice night out, but, never mind. You know how much his little lectures do delight me. I’d welcome those at any hour.”
But now he knows.
When John is just a couple of blocks away from the hotel, he stops under a streetlight. There’s a text from Rebecca, he ignores it. Can wait until tomorrow. With fingers stiff from the icy cold, he starts to write.
”Really, John. I will hardly bleed to death from a small cut in my head.”
John felt his body starting to tremble, his mind speeding to try to deal with the threat that just had been put on the table.
He felt calm, confident in his decision and relieved to finally be doing this. It was the right thing, of that he had no doubt anymore.
He’d felt so happy, tonight. Can’t even remember the last time he was laughing that much. Standing by Sherlock’s side again is - it’s like it is where he’s meant to be. Being next to Sherlock is like coming back to life, he thinks, then fleetingly wonders if he’s being melodramatic. Mary would often say that he was.
”No. I wanted this, very much.” He decided to be brave. ”I’ve wanted this for a long time, John.”
Must have dozed off for a while. Didn’t matter, he had nothing particular to do today, anyway. Perhaps later, he’d put on some proper clothes and make his way to Daunt Books, the Edwardian bookshop on Marylebone High Street. He could spend hours there, getting lost between the shelves, always walking out with a bag full of books he hadn’t even known he wanted before coming in.
”I am very frightened that I will end up here again, or maybe-” his voice trailed off. ”Or maybe at the morgue.”
The joke, the smile, so well rehearsed by now, some forty years later, that it was almost impossible to shake. Keep pretending it’s all fine. Hide those pathetic feelings of loneliness and fear and longing and sorrow.
”Yes. An actual telegram, on paper, delivered to my door. I guess he figured that was the only way, since I didn’t reply to.. well. In it, he begged me to come back to Dunnithorpe. Said that bad things had happened and that he was in great need of my help. Of course I dropped everything and went back.”
A manic state, John thought. Oh shit, this was indeed bad.
More kisses. Intense, deep.
Sherlock was in the middle of the dance floor, with both arms up in the air. He had taken off his suit jacket and unbuttoned the two top buttons of his shirt. His body was flush against Gabriel’s as they were dancing to the music that was blasting from the speakers. Gabriel was holding his hands on Sherlock’s hips as they moved. John felt his mouth fall open.
Mouth against mouth, a wet slide, and all Sherlock can think is
He turned his attention back to Gabe’s cheek. This would most certainly develop into a quite spectacular bruise. Gabe had been going on about how to explain it to his client in Hong Kong tomorrow.
All except for Sherlock, that was, who had used this convenient break in conversation to take out his phone and was leaning against the bar again, busy scrolling through a dissertation on carpet fibers.
He tears himself away from the image for a moment, tries to catch Sherlock’s eyes. What he’d really like to do is to just get up and hug him, squeeze him tight. Sherlock meets his eyes with an unsure look on his face. John smiles.
But when John was there with Sherlock, at Baker Street, all he wanted to do was to get away. Away from the flat that still felt like home but so clearly no longer wasn’t. Away from Sherlock’s sadness and resignation and the weight of guilt and regret so heavy on John's shoulders.
”Charlotte, this is John,” Mary introduced them and John kissed her on the cheeks.
John didn’t know for how long they stood there. When he would think back on this moment, years and years later, he was never sure. All he could remember was the incredible happiness he felt at being, at long last, reunited with the person he loved.
His words had been floating in empty space for a long moment before John had replied.
- the ’Red Cow” Parmesan cheese that he knew Sherlock was quite fond of.
Startles again when his phone rings, he’s still holding it in his hand. Feels the same stupid hope ignite, before his stomach sinks once more.
”Christ, you’re a tornado, aren’t you,” John laughs.
”Merry Christmas, John,” he mumbles back. Puts his hand on John’s chest, over his heart. Falls asleep to the rhythm of John’s steady heartbeats.
A blank nothing, an overwhelming everything.
John felt his jaw drop.
”Because I can’t stand the thought of him being alone and miserable.”
But he hadn’t gotten there earlier. And he hadn’t, in fact, reached out to him to ease the wait, either. Had been caught up in his own business. And Sherlock had done what he did and that was all there was to it.
Sherlock would try,
Sherlock’s beginning to feel the cold now, it’s creeping in beneath his clothes. He puts his gloved hands in his pockets to warm them up; suddenly has a strong wish to return to the house again. Does not want to have this conversation out here, in the middle of a dark forest - in the midst of the no man’s land that he left for London, a long, long time ago, and never looked back.
Sherlock’s breath hitched.
John walked up next to Sherlock, and used his body weight and left shoulder to carve out a space for himself at the jammed bar.
“I want to hear you say it, love,” John demanded again.
”Rosie! Come say goodbye to Daddy!”
It was not what he had expected from this elegant, fragile-looking woman, and John thought it was nice to be surprised in a positive direction for once.
”Look, Harry. I appreciate you trying to help, but there is nothing I can say that will change anything. As I said before, he made his position quite clear. Asked me to get the hell out of there, in fact.”
He’s getting ridiculously hard again, pants tenting just below John’s face. Could have been embarrassing but isn’t. Maybe that’s because it’s John, he thinks fleetingly.
Sherlock’s heart is beating so hard, so fast, and he’s silent, his complete attention focused as John keeps talking.
John smiles and then shifts to lift his hips from the bed. Pushes down his trousers and pants to his thighs. Smiles broadly, maybe because he sees Sherlock staring. And he
He forces his eyes open, momentarily unsure of where he is. Smiles when he sees Sherlock standing in front of him, dressing gown inside out, dark hair in a tremendous mess and sleep still in his eyes.
”No,” John laughs as they turn to walk rapidly back to the house again. ”It usually hasn’t.”
Soon enough, the doors opened and the man stepped out, sweeping his eyes across the space.
Five days later, John was sitting in a plastic chair in a colourless office at the hospital. On the desk in front of him, piles and piles of papers, folders, books and two empty paper coffee mugs. The doctor on the other side was a woman around his own age, blonde hair pulled back in a simple ponytail.
This must be what John is like in his date-mode, Sherlock realized. Predatory John. A set of behavior patterns that had not previously been on hand for him to study. Similar to the way he had been acting last night at the bar. Sherlock felt his heart beating faster as he tried to consolidate this new data with all that he previously knew about John.
When he thought about John, he could also feel the scent of him, just as if he were there right next to him.
Spotting John approaching, trying to appear neutral, the jolt he had felt when John squeezed in to stand next to him and their arms had touched. Allowing himself to relax, to talk, to tell John about the things they had never come close to discussing, before. Laughing side by side, the way they used to do. Seeing admiration and affection in John’s eyes.
Sherlock tilted his chin out for another kiss, and just like before, their lips and tongues meeting had the same effect as gasoline being poured on a fire. They were both pushing their bodies into one another, kissing, touching, moaning each other’s names, and John wasn’t even sure of exactly what he was saying at this point.
, John thought fleetingly as they made their way to a table near the window and close to a hot radiator.
During the train ride into work, John relaxed his head against the metal wall and closed his eyes. He had only managed to get about three hours of sleep but didn’t feel tired, just oddly revved up.
“Never? Not with anyone? Not even this?” he couldn't help but ask, but regretted it when he saw the pink flush on Sherlock's cheeks intensify.
”Sleep well, Sherlock,” he mumbles, hopeful that it will get his message across. But of course, it doesn’t, because four hours is usually all the shut eye that Sherlock will need.
”Then let me explain myself.”
Sherlock sighed very quietly, and then glided down a bit in his seat, trying to make John's hand make contact. When it didn't work – John knew better than to appease his partner's needs right away – Sherlock squirmed and moved about frustratedly.
”Mr. Holmes,” she said. ”I hope you realize how very lucky you were last night. Most people would not have survived.”
He drags Sherlock the short distance to the second ambulance, sits him down inside. John looks around but doesn’t see any of the staff, so he grabs one of the orange foil blankets and wraps it tightly around Sherlock.
A long stretch of silence follows. They’re out of the city now, on a country road, fields and trees swishing by as the car moves along. They’re getting closer to the location from which the broadcast was made. But all Sherlock can think about, is that John has missed him. He said that he had missed him.
”Mycroft told me”.
Sherlock finally moved, and wrapped both his arms around him. John used the hand at his neck to lower his head, and let his lips meet Sherlock’s.
. The one with all the texts. She must be the one John is referring to. Feels sick.
”Are you cold?” They’ve both gotten rather chilled to the bone during the many hours spent outside, but the heat in the car is turned up to max and John’s been thawed up for a long time now.
Exasperated, he walked down to the sitting room again, took a moment to consider the next step. He intensely wished he had his phone.
”Then what is it, John?” He still could not bear to look up at him.
Feels himself smiling. John’s pulls him closer against his body. Sherlock inhales the scent of John, of his body, of the remnants of the sex they’ve just had.
”Nonsense,” comes the expected reply.
“I would have expected better from you, John, really I would’ve.”
Sherlock had a soft spot for red wine, but was careful not to drink too much. He strongly disliked being drunk and usually did his best to avoid it. If he wanted to escape, he much preferred the cleaner effect he could get from other substances.
He had come to the realization only when he had lost him. Lost him first once, and then once again. John was thoroughly done with losing Sherlock. There would be no more of that.
”Ew, for fuck’s sake!” He frantically grabbing a corner of the duvet to wipe his face. Sadie was standing right next to the bed, tail wagging happily.
“Oh, but it does,” Sherlock replied, still smiling. John thought he'd better try to turn this situation around, right now. And as usual, the best strategy would be to own it.
He imagines a different scenario, one in which John actually wanted
There were other sounds now, as well. Mingled with the heavy breathing and the loader moans were also the unmistakable wet sounds of a mouth and of motion, faster now than before. Of suction and licking and body fluids mixing together. Filthy, dirty sounds, pure sex.
********************
”Yes,” he says, tries to smile.
“Come here, you,” he mumbled, and when their lips met again, John immediately felt the tension between them rising again. He actually couldn't remember if he'd ever responded this strongly to someone before; it was as if their bodies were meant to be together like this.
John chuckled. Trust Sherlock to give you a list for his weekly shopping.
His finger was in beyond the first knuckle now, and he kept wiggling it about to stretch the muscle more. Sherlock seemed to have found a way to relax into the new sensation, and he was beginning to move his hips to meet John's movements. John felt like he couldn't wait much longer now. His erection was absolutely aching, and he wondered silently how long he was going to be able to last.
He let his fingertips touch the skull, brushed off some dust from it. He realized Sherlock would probably notice.
,” Sherlock groans as he begins to thrust into John’s fist. They fall into the same pace without effort.
“After Sherlock had to fake his death, I think it's safe to say that almost everything he did, he did to keep you safe. On the few occasions that we were in contact during those two years, his first enquiry would always, without fail, be about you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
”You hide behind a cool facade of rationality. But I think you struggle with how to cope when your emotions overpower your logic. I also think you are very lonely. Not because you don’t have people who care about you, I’m certain you do, but because you don’t know how to relate to them. You never learned.”
”What! Just what, Sherlock!” he yelled back. ”If you seriously think it would have been an issue for me, you know, with you being
”Well. Neither are you,” Sherlock mumbles, takes a sip of his tea again. ”You’ve gained at least ten pounds. Too much booze, take out almost every night, and those jogs around the block are far too infrequent to do any difference.”
”I’m a doctor, let me through, I’m a doctor!”
Sherlock wonders which option John would prefer.
John smiles. ”Sure. This is all I’ve thought about, since running into you that night before Christmas. The morning after, when you came to wake me up… I wanted to pull you down on top of me in the sofa. Imagined you sitting on top of me, riding my cock-”
When Gabriel had returned from America after his long exile, Sherlock had offered him to stay at Baker Street for a couple of nights, to give him time to find a place in the city. But one day had turned into another, and it had been so remarkably easy to pick up where they had left off. Or rather, in a better place, since where they had left off the last time hadn’t been all that good.
”Ugh,” said the Watson girl, pinching her nose.
“I've just managed to escape in one piece – barely – from a marriage to a woman who turned out to be a grade A psychopath with terrorist connections. Dating is not exactly on the forefront of my mind.”
John was sitting straight up on top of him now, and Sherlock heard himself gasp at the sight of John’s naked torso.
As John is about to type a reply, he sees Sherlock typing again.
”Oh, John, oh-” He couldn’t speak, he couldn’t think. His shirt was fully unbuttoned and John was stroking his naked chest with both hands now. He leaned down and placed a wet lip on Sherlock’s left nipple.
Sherlock was facing away from him still. He hadn’t expected John to react this way. Didn’t yet know what to make of it. Perhaps he’d made an incorrect assumption. Best to wait to see what John would say next.
”Please,” Sherlock gasps. ”Please, John-”
He spent the entire night awake, his laptop eventually getting so hot it made the skin on his thighs turn red.
”Yes.” Sherlock begins to slowly rock his hips, and John meets him gently. Feels his cock sliding deeper inside with every soft, rocking motion.
John had briefly thought about this just a moment earlier, but then, in his strong excitement, decided that the risks were so vanishingly slim. Sherlock would never expose him to danger, and he knew he was clean himself. But now, he felt very grateful that one of them had had the courage and presence to think straight.
John sighs, but can’t help to smile a little, anyway. Knows he’s a sucker for Sherlock, will never be able to resist whatever he’s offering.
Gone and changed his mind about this, about him, or perhaps about being with another man - changed his mind after all this time, right after what they’d just done -
Sherlock raised his head to find John's mouth with his own, wrapped a hand around the back of John's head, touched his hair. John's hair. It had sort of a rough texture and smelled so nice. He kissed him thoroughly.
Plenty of oxygen in lungs. Fight or flight response coming on. Response to a thought, not actual physical threat. The brain doesn’t discriminate. Useless reaction in this kind of situation.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock primly, looking pleased.
Sherlock was still on his back, now wearing only his pants and the unbuttoned shirt that was still draped over his shoulders. He raised himself on his elbows, took in the sight of John standing by the foot of the bed.
”Of course I forgive you, John,” he said in a small voice, only meeting John’s eyes for brief, scattered moments. ”Did that a long time ago. And I hope that if it’s not too much to ask, you can find it in you to forgive me. I’m so sorry I couldn’t… The timing, er-
”Yes. Of course.” Noticeable tremble in his voice. Overt behavior not congruent with words. Damn it.
”Perhaps I should,” he said, getting down to put two fingers on the woman’s pulse point at her wrist, simultaneously checking her respiration. With Sherlock’s eyes practically burning a hole in his neck, he was trying to make a quick appraisal of her status.
”He terrifies me, always has. Sherlock had the scariest big brother of everyone, even back then. He used to joke about it, call him his archenemy. I don't think Mycroft was too happy about that.”
Sherlock felt frozen in place. In the matter of a minute, things had turned into a disaster and he did not know how to stop it.
They are starting to grind into each other, and it’s the most glorious thing. Sherlock leans down to lick the side of John’s neck, finally gets a chance to bite that earlobe. Hips finding a rhythm, slowly building.
Dr. Riyat had said that he was allowed to phone him, in emergencies and if he’d tried the things on the checklist and they didn’t help.
”Yes,” he whispered.
Sherlock rubs his tired eyes, runs his fingers through his hair.
He grabbed his jacket and ran out the front door. The 15 minutes before the car showed up was pure torture. Finally it arrived.
Where are his pyjama bottoms, John wondered, and then noticed them in a little pile on the floor by the chair, scrunched up together with a pair of blue silk pants. The guy was working Sherlock thoroughly it seemed. He was moving his hands now, one hand below his mouth, helping to add some extra stability and friction surely, and with his other hand, he started to stroke Sherlocks stomach, and then reaching up under the t-shirt, over his chest, maybe pinching his nipples, John guessed, or did guys perhaps not do that to each other? John felt confused.
“What you think about when you do it, for instance,” Sherlock said, and John felt the blush on his cheeks intensify.
He didn't want Sherlock to in any way feel rejected or ashamed, and also, he surprised himself in feeling that he didn't mind, not one bit. So, he swallowed, swallowed again, kept Sherlock's cock in this mouth until the jerking and bucking had stopped completely, then he let go. Above him, Sherlock was leaning back in the chair, panting violently.
”Then why did you always use to get them?” Sherlock had a puzzled and slightly annoyed expression in his eyes.
“Of course you wouldn't, but that's beside the point now, isn't it? The end result is what matters.”
Sherlock’s face goes burning hot, he’s glad John can’t see it. His very first thought is that John’s mocking him, but as usual, he tries to remind himself that John’s not.. like that. So why, then, why bring it up when-
He steps back, but Sherlock is still sitting there, not moving. John goes to wash his hands.
”Yes..?”
“What – ah- what could you do, then?” Sherlock whispered.
As the adrenaline rush wore off, John couldn't fight the sleep deprivation any longer. With Mrs. Hudson's phone in hand, he slowly shuffled into Sherlock's bedroom, crawled under the duvet. The sheets smelled of Sherlock and of him; it was their scents mingled together.
John laughed, pulled him tight against his body.
They met at the restaurant, and despite John’s very best effort, he still couldn’t quite shake the awkward feelings. He really tried to ransack himself for the reason, and being absolutely honest with himself, he figured it wasn’t so much because of the gay thing, but more that it was difficult to go from hardly having seen Sherlock for such a long time, to, practically overnight, be sitting across from him at a table as his - what?
So many things Sherlock wants to say. Specifically: It’s not fair. You left. You knew about all the shitty things that happened to me. You were the cause of some of it.
Sherlock seemed to have relaxed a bit, listening to his boyfriend tell the story about how they met. When his phone chimed he immediately picked it up, and John thought he saw a slight smile cross his face.
”I’m sorry,” she says. ”I just got that impression when you were…”
”And definitely a bit obnoxious from time to time,” John leaned in very close and on the next kiss, he let his tongue touch Sherlock’s for the briefest of moment.
The words came out more vicious than he had planned, but he was feeling angry all of a sudden. He kept on.
”I know,” John interrupted. ”All those times, Sherlock, I remember them, too. I felt it, too. I just couldn’t allow myself to-” John groaned, put his hand over his face. ”I’ve been such a goddamn idiot, Sherlock, for so many years. I wish I could have been brave enough to hear what you were trying to say.”
John sighed, and reluctantly accepted he would have to wait until later. At least now he knew Sherlock was going to be okay, and that was all that really mattered at this point.
The words just escape him, without any kind of thinking it through.
“Oh, I don't know. To the hospital probably.” She was wringing her hands. “I've never seen him like that before, you know. He was..”
She sat down next to him on the sofa and turned the TV on. Just like nothing had happened.
Not dead, then.
She peered inquisitively at him from across the table and over the lit candles. John silently panicked, tried to not look away or act guilty, all while his mind, in a most unhelpful way, kept providing him with various pornographic images from last night’s events. He made a point of finishing to chew his last bite of the roast.
”Great.”
”Danny,” he says, voice clear, confident - and his accent one hundred percent Scouse*.
how he’s longed to do this. Years and years of fantasies coming true in this shining moment.
In the taxi, on their way to the home that they shared, Mary spoke to John for the first time since they had left the restaurant. She was turned away from him, gazing through the window into the darkness.
In which the boys go on a proper date, and John has to deal with Sherlock and with homophobia.
He had chucked off his big down parka and put it over her, yet he didn’t feel cold. He turned back to look at Sherlock, who had not taken his eyes off John the entire time.
. Confident, relaxed.
He doesn’t expect a reply, and there is none.
”This is Sherlock,” he said, trying his best to look and sound relaxed.
, it’s not something he’s ever quite known how to do, and now, the stakes are high.
John’s mouth found Sherlock’s again, only breaking briefly for a gasp of air or a whispered affection.
“Stop it, John,” Mycroft said, sounding quite angry. “You need to face reality here! You have responsibilities towards that little girl that you have brought into this world, and you have on your hands a wife with a record of being absolutely ruthless. Even if you were to proceed with this, eh, divorce,” Mycroft seemed disgusted with taking the word into his mouth, “you can't possibly expect it to go down smoothly!”
Sherlock's getting to the most difficult part in all this, his throat is beginning to feel more and more restricted, It’s like every single word he wants to say is actively fighting him back.
“You liked me slapping you like that. You enjoy being a little bit... manhandled, isn't that right...
A minute later, Sherlock abruptly stops what he’s doing, grabs the megaphone that he’d left by his feet, and runs up as close to the store front as the police tape will allow. John hurries after him, the metallic taste of adrenaline in his mouth. Sherlock holds up the megaphone.
”You’re so beautiful, so perfect, God, your body-”
”It comes down to a very simple choice. You can go see Sherlock tonight, but the consequence of that particular choice is: You will never see me… or your daughter again.”
And even though he could see it was hurting him, it felt like a massive weight had been lifted off his chest. He could breathe again.
”I haven’t accepted, of course, I’d never- But I just thought- Most of my friends are still there, and Rosie knows quite a few of their kids as well, you know, and I was just thinking that you've never really seemed to like it here, and maybe-”
”I’m truly sorry for putting you through this, Mary, but to be fair, this marriage didn't exactly get off to a flying start, with you lying about your entire identity and then almost killing my best friend!”
His mind continued to race off on crazy tangents, far away to since long forbidden, locked-up places. It presented him with an internal picture of himself going down on Sherlock, mimicking what this guy was doing. Taking him in his mouth and being the one who could make him emit all these sounds. The intimate taste of another man.
