“Just in case, call me,” he said to Tony with a smile before walking back to Bucky and Tony’s room, standing at the door for a minute. “See you later,” he smiled before closing the door, hope that this would be the first step before they would become friends at least.
“So, should I be freaking out?” Bucky asked him but Tony shook his head. “Am I going to get the shovel talk from you?”
“I never thought that far, but I wouldn’t mind another one,” he turned his head and kissed Steve on the lips. “I wouldn’t mind having our own little family here, plus I’m sure that the Avengers are going to start popping in more often, and Clint’s going to want to live nearby.”
“In a way, there’s a lot more to it, but I won’t tell you about it until you’re ready to tell me about why you don’t like Cap,” he said countering Steve’s own reservations when it came to Captain America.
“They’re SHIELD.... Well, actually the STRIKE team was Hydra, but at the time we didn’t know that yet,” Tony answered wondering in his head about all of the ways he could change the future for this group if he could only tell them that Hydra was in SHIELD.
“I couldn’t send them away,” Steve said and Tony knew that it was one of Steve’s biggest weaknesses, those kids were both of their weaknesses. “They’re safe here for now.”
“Continue with what you were saying Tony, before I lose my patience and break out of these restraints and spank you on that nice round bubble butt of yours.”
Steve knew that they were enough to run the store, they had a few part-timers, like Darcy and Peter, but the full-time staff was all there. These were people he’d known for years, he trusted them more than anyone in his own family and he was glad that they would give up huge salaries to work with him.
“Janet Van Dyne, or Jan,” she said with a smile, the name sounded familiar to him, which meant that he’s heard it before. “I grew up with Tony and Natasha, we’ve known each other for years.”
He couldn’t help but sigh, he was sure that his ribs were their bruised or broken, but since had hadn’t spewed out blood they were most likely just bruised. “We had it, the plan had worked, but the Hulk, not ours of course, came barreling through one of the side doors just as I picked up the case, and well threw me against one of the reception counters.”
“I never thought of it that way, I was always just being myself, I never thought to think about what Bucky would be feeling,” Steve had this look on his face almost like everything was revealing itself to him, and Tony wondered if he had opened the box that would bring Steve back towards his former love. “I guess we were different after all, he’s more open here than he had been at home, whereas I’m still the same person I’ve always been, but he’s still my best friend.”
Their mother walked over to them, smiling at people as she walked pass them, before standing in front of her youngest with a knowing look. “I thought the phone rule was iron clad?”
Steve on the other hand was oblivious to everything that had happened, the party had started the same way they always do, Sam hounding him about Sharon, because for some reason Sam couldn’t gather up the courage to ask her out, even after all of this time. Especially since everyone knew that she had a major crush on Steve, even though he had told her that he wasn’t interested the year before. He wondered if Tony would show up, mainly because he hadn’t heard from the genius at all, but he was certain that Tony was engrossed in some project somewhere on campus. He had looked up one of Tony’s classes and noticed that it was a master’s level class, so he knew that Tony was in classes that were more advanced than Steve’s were. So, the coursework was a lot more rigorous, it had made him wonder whether he would ever see one of Tony’s inventions up close and personal.
The tears came hard and fast, before he knew it, he threw the bottle across the room shattering the glass mirror near the bathroom door. The red polish staining the carpet in the room as it ran down the wall with the planes of glass. She was another death of this war, another person who should have lived by died because they hadn’t stayed together. Everything in the last fifteen years of his life led to this, and there were too many if only’s running through his head. He hated Thanos for causing this, he hated everyone who had caused all of this, because if there was one thing, he would change in all of their lives, it would be for them to all be happy.
“No, it’s just that he... um... well he used me to get something, well actually let me rephrase that, he was working on a story with me, I wrote most of it and he wrote the other parts, if you think about it it’s like 60% mine and 40% his, but he decided that he was going to submit it for the final, and it pissed me off, only to find out at the same time, that his father had told him to become friends with me just to get something out of my family’s business.”
“Time to get back to work,” he said sending Tony apologetic looks as he walked off towards his next task.
When he made it to the front, a small crowd had gathered, because of course Tony is one of the most well know people in the city, but then he heard some of them call him Professor and Steve wasn’t sure what that was about. Yes, they had talked during dinner and in the hours afterwards, but it had been mostly about what they both liked and Tony was a wealth of information, even really random pop culture references. He quickly directed the police to the back, sending Natasha with them before turning his attention towards Sam, who had called Bucky over from the door. Clint was standing guard, which was strange, but maybe he could ask Thor for a job.
“This class isn’t going to be an easy one, those of you who have spoken to me before hand or have taken any of my other course know this,” the professor told them before the class ended sternly looking at all of them, Tony knew that he was trying to weed out those who were on the fence about being there. “If you want to get out of the class, I suggest you do it now while you still can, if you want to stay well, I’ll see you next week.”
Sighing Tony looked at him trying to be a serious teacher, before smiling, “Other than your atrocious handwriting, yes they were all right.”
They didn’t say much after that, Tony never finished reading the rest of the story to Steve, instead they stayed there, Tony wrapped in Steve’s arms. It was strange for Tony to have wanted something for so long, something that hadn’t been handed to him because he was a Stark, and all of a sudden there he was in Steve’s arms. He took in the warmth, leaning into it, not realizing that he had fallen asleep.
It was understandable to them all, Scott wasn’t ready for the pressure that would come from going back, he wasn’t ready to know if he would be able to do so without messing something up. None of them were prepared for the consequences of what would happen if they messed up so early into testing the machine.
“Yeah I know, I don’t want her activating something, but FRIDAY keeps the protocols to stop her from activating the suits by accident,” Tony said as he put Morgan in her chair at the table as Steve went over to the fridge to get the ingredients.
“I wanted to name her Dory, but mom said she would hate me for it, Daisy was Harley’s idea,” Peter answered the smile still on his face. “Plus, they’re both D names which I think is cool for twins.”
“I’ve wanted to do that for a very long time,” Steve told him, not wanting to have Tony question his reasoning. “I’ve wanted to do that since the first day I met you, even though I didn’t know why until this moment.”
The first thing that came to mind was that there was something heavy on top of him, that’s what happens when a building collapsed on you of course. The second thing was that his friends and family were also trapped under the rubble, he knew Steve was close but how much weight could the super soldier take on top of him. How much could his kids take, he didn’t know where they were, only that Steve had told him that they were somewhere in the compound waiting for punishment for breaking the rules and following them. He was grounding them until they were forty for even showing up, it was the only thing he could think because the thought of losing them after all of this was just too much to handle.
“Sorry Mr. Stark,” the woman said as the little girl cried in a corner, she was just over a year old, but she looked sad to be there. “She’s usually quiet but lately she’s been a little sick, I’m at my wits end.”
Thor was looking at the hammer the whole time, not paying attention to the axe that would have severed his hand. “I knew it,” Thor calls out with a smile on his face, as Steve sends the hammer flying at Thanos, before it hits the Titan on the head. Thor was smiling at him, as the hammer came flying back, the power greater than anything Steve’s ever held, but if it saves his friend, if it saves them all, he was going to use it. Thanos had gotten up and kicked Thor back to the ground before charging at Steve, so Steve thinks about what he could do.
“I see, an ulterior motive, you want to fatten my up, I see how this is mister I have a six pack even though I’m an art major.”
“Mr. Stone has had problems before, mostly with certain situations that I am not at liberty to discuss, he was on his last warning, what happened here would have reflected poorly on him if not for what you said. You are a very wise young man Mr. Stark, it reflects itself in your writing and even in your fanfiction,” Professor Coulson said with a smile and Tony couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “I am a fan of what you’ve written, even though I don’t allow that kind of work in the classroom, but you have the ability to create something not only from original characters but existing ones, it’s a gift.”
“What the fuck,” Bucky said and Steve forgetting that he was on the edge of the bed, fell off the side and onto the floor.
“Hear you loud and Clear oh Captain my Captain,” Tony said over his comm line as he got into place. Since Steve finished his part, Tony knew that they just needed the tesseract and they could go back without a hitch. “Thumbelina, do you copy? I’ve got eyes on the prize, Cap’s got one, so now it’s go-time for us.”
“Do I want to know?” Natasha asked before Tony told her everything that Steve had just said, talking so fast and sometimes in three different languages that no one but Thor and Natasha could understand. “Really, you’re not lying, Rogers if you lied to my brother, I will kill you where you stand.”
“There's fewer ships, cleaner water, I wish Morgan would have been there, she would have loved to see it, Tony would probably tell her a million things about whales, I would draw them together, and we would go home after seeing something so amazing, all the while Morgan would be talking a mile a minute, all excited about the whole thing.”
Tony was out of the hospital bed within an hour of Steve leaving, he was still in a wheelchair, but he didn’t want to lay around while the people he cared for risked their lives to find Thanos. Pepper yelled at him for another twenty minutes before walking off towards his room and laying down, Happy had passed out on the bed already. Everyone he knew had lost so much and they still fought to be where they were, so he needed to work to fix things as much as he could as well.
“I love you 3000,” she said and his heart was ready to burst, he really loved his kids if they could give him the kind of joy that he never had with his own parents.
“On my way down to coordinate search and rescue!” Loki said before transforming back into his original form. “I mean, honestly! How do you think you’ll be...”
“A dominion of death,” Nebula said the stone still holding her attention. “at the very center of Celestial existence. It's where... Thanos murdered my sister.”
“Daddy and I were in the garage, and we wanted to make the TV better, but something happened and then DUM-E sprayed us,” Morgan was telling them when he got downstairs. Both girls looked up at him and were trying their damnedest not to laugh, they failed horribly.
“I’ll try,” she said before FRIDAY alerted them to something happening at the front gate. Natasha pulled up the feed from the front to show them that Scott and Hope were at the gate, Scott waving his hands around asking to be let in. “What could they want?”
“So, what does an arc reactor do?” because of course Steve would want to know, not that its heavily publicized at Stark Industries, his dad always said that it was just something that still needed work.
“Because he didn’t need you, or at least he thought he hadn’t needed you,” Steve said knowing just how much of this was truly his fault.
“Okay, here we go,” Bruce said as he started inputting the data, “Time travel test number one, Hope fire up the uhhh.... the van I guess.”
“Okay now onto other matters,” Tony said as he pulled out Steve’s Shield, the same one that he hadn’t taken with him on the first trip to find the stones.
The man had not tact when it came to certain things, but Steve knew that this was Tony’s way for bringing the conversation forward before everyone decided to step back. Steve knew that Tony was one of the best people for this conversation, the man had battled addiction on and off for years, it was something that they discussed in detail especially after the kids came into their lives, because the one thing Tony hadn’t wanted was to be like his father in that respect. They had banned alcohol from the house because of it, only buying beer when they had get togethers with their friends and family.
“What the hell,” Sam called out, there was no answer as everyone else charged forward towards the hoard rushing towards them.
“How does that tie up with your life Tony, how could you create something like that,” Steve looked a little horrified at the prospect that Tony had some kind of past that would inspire him enough to create something like this.
“You said you have a sister too,” Bucky looked intrigued. “I think I’ve seen pictures of her, or at least from faraway, honestly you have a more public face than her, well except when you look like.... well that.”
“You’re repeating yourself, you know that? You’re repeating yourself,” he said the emphasize his point.
“Some of them aren’t my best work, others were just outlines but... um,” he said looking down at Tony’s eyes, even with his glasses on they were the most beautiful eyes in the world to Steve, and the one thing that had haunted him all weekend. “There’s a lot of you in these pages, I wanted to talk to you so much that I just started drawing your face the way I remembered.”
“Oh my god,” Hope said getting ready to do what Bruce told her as baby Scott get sucked back into the machine.
“Do you want to stay for dinner?” he asked but already knew the answer, they were going to go find their big brain, which would probably be Bruce.
“Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel,” Scott said to them. “That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events -”
Also, if you've been following the other story, Floating has been updated with Laura, Groot, and of course Natasha points of view.
“No, it’s none of your business,” he said trying to keep his cool over it, he didn’t want to get angry at Sam.
There had been something wrong with his comm where he was it wasn’t working properly and he couldn’t hear what was happening with Tony and Scott which only worried him more. There was no way to get in contact with them until he got back to their rendezvous point.
“Vision will be up by the end of the day,” Tony sighed before walking to the other end of the room. “I’m not sure about how I feel, but I know once he’s up everything will be different.”
“I saw you with another girl, at your so-called party,” Tony said his heart breaking all over again. “There’s no way around that.”
The hospital had kept him overnight, although he didn’t really remember much about it, he could have sworn that he had had a dream about telling Steve that he could be a hot lumberjack, but that couldn’t have been real... right. His mother had been the one to pick him up from the hospital and get him home, Jarvis driving the car shooting Tony worried looks. It’s what happened when you’ve been looked after by the same people your whole life.
In the days it took for them to work on the machine that would essentially take them through time, Tony found himself keeping an eye on Thor, who while still drank, had actually slowed down. Thor was standing in front of him in a hoodie and sweats watching as Rocket worked on the machine with Bruce in the background talking with Scott. There was a fondness in Thor’s eyes when he looked over at Bruce, who had worked the last few days on several calculations with all the data they had.
“Damn, with the red-head,” Sam said and when Steve nodded, he cursed to himself. “You know she’s a Stark right, the only girl in the family and all that, I found out the other day, does Barnes know about that?”
The next time Tony asked he actually reiterated what he had heard, remembering it better than when the professor had taught it in class, and extremely glad to be done with it. It was tiring for some reason, the whole thing in general, especially with Tony so close to him but he actually remembered. Tony got up to stretch once they were done, and Steve couldn’t help but watch the little strip of skin that showed as Tony’s Black Sabbath shirt rode up. He wondered what it would be like to touch it, to feel his hand against Tony’s body. He quickly looked down at his notebook, pretending to study the work and not the slowly growing erecting that he was currently growing in his pants. He needed to think about something else, anything else, but he was so close to Tony that he could kiss him, and he wanted to so badly.
“Yeah and,” Steve said, and he knew that the guy was up to something. “Don’t worry, I planned for everything.”
The room was packed with more people than Tony had ever seen standing there, he was glad that he had updated the offices and the machinery before he had gone off to Titan, but after seeing the machines on Zandar he itched to upgrade everything, but each time he tried to reach for something as everyone settled into the room Steve pulled him back and gave him that disapproving stare. Without saying anything at all, Steve told him to stay put, which only made him want to tinker with something even more. It was exciting for him, but he was still exhausted over everything.
“My name is Carol Danvers, or Captain Marvel if you want the other identity I go by and I’ve been out there working with other planets over the years, Fury could have contacted me at any time, but he didn’t until now and I want to know why, considering how you’re all working at this moment, why didn’t he call when everything was at its worse.”
“It’s going to be fine Tony, you know nothing happened, I’ve been nothing but honest with you from the moment we met.”
“Anyway,” she said turning to Bruce. “Guys, if you pick the right year, there are three stones in New York.”
“How do you know that he would do anything at all?” Bucky countered dropping his stuff on the floor.
“What do you mean she’s a Stark?” Steve asked genuinely surprised to be hearing about this, though he knew Tony had siblings, hell who didn’t know Tony had siblings, he hadn’t thought that his sister would also be at the school at the same time as him.
“Need help,” Steve asked as he walked towards the genius, who looked like he hadn’t slept this whole time, which worried Steve a little.
“It’ll be fine Scott, Thor will be there, all he would have to do is give my other self a little jolt,” Tony said before turning to Steve and giving him a quick kiss. “Sorry about the vomit breath.”
“That works,” Tony said wondering if they were going too fast with this, but he really couldn’t imagine himself doing anything any other way.
“Steve,” his father called out just as he was putting on his coat, a stack of papers in his hand and a smile on his face. “I’ve read through all of these, and I looked at the concept art you’ve drawn.”
“I find it a little weird,” Bucky said an amused glint in his eye before eyeing the posters on Tony’s side of the room, “Hell I found it weird when your dad put me in the comic too, because at first I was your best friend in the story, then the brainwashed villain, and now I’m your friend again.”
“She’s a nurse,” he said, very proud of the work she’s done. “Well right now she’s not working because of the babies, but she’ll probably go back once the girls are born. She really loves her job.”
He turned to Steve, knowing that he needed to say his peace, especially with what could possibly be the outcome of their lives from this moment forward. “Steve, we’ve got a shot, a real shot at getting these stones, but I have to tell you my priorities, to bring everyone back, definitely yes, but I also want to keep what I’ve got, what we have, I have to at all costs, because I can’t lose you or those kids. And maybe we should try not dying in the process because honestly, I’m sure they would resurrect us just to beat the living shit out of us.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Steve’s father said before kissing his wife and ushering her towards the kitchen. “Come on Steve, let's make some drinks and you can both tell me and your mother about how you two met.”
“You act like we’ve never done this before,” Steve said it as a joke, because Tony knows the last time that they had tried to do something before the kids got back, they had almost gotten caught with their literal pants down.
“We’re not fine,” Steve said looking at not just Thor but at every one of them. “Thor we’ve all suffered a lot, you more than most, but we want to get there, we want to try and fix all of this, if it means going back in time and finding the stones we will,” he didn’t know if the words were worth it, but it was the only thing he had at the moment. “We will get you your families back, your people, our lives, no matter what, because they all deserve a chance, we all deserve a chance.”
“So, what does he want to see you about?” Ty asked smiling at him, attempting to get back into Tony’s good graces. “I bet it’s about that internship next spring, or that teaching assistant position that he was talking about.”
The rest of the dinner was a quiet affair, everyone sticking to regular conversations, no one really talking about the plan, or anything too heavy. About half way through Clint asked the one question that was on all of their minds, and Nebula threw an apple at him, hitting him a little too hard in the chest, which only made Tony laugh. The truth was, that Nebula and Valkyrie had a weird kind of relationship, one that no one dared ask more of from fear of losing a limb or two, and Bruce and Thor had a relationship of a sort, but it was their private business and no one else’s, though they could all see that the four also had something else going on altogether, but no one dared ask another question fearing Nebula’s knives, which Tony had given her, both of which were made of the same metal that made up her arm, and Steve’s shield, Thor’s hammer which had been scary before but with the axe on the other end was now downright scary, Valkyrie’s sword, or even the Hulk’s rage.
“Just don’t die out there,” Tony said, it had been hard enough saying bye to the kids the night before, but the thought of not just losing them but Steve as well was weighing down on him and he felt like he was drowning even though he was on solid ground.
Everything changed after they got married, after they brought Riri into their lives, somehow, they both had a purpose, they had someone who depended on them. They were a family, extended from their Avengers family, Clint’s kids came over sometimes, while Clint was off doing god knows what, making Steve and Tony unofficial babysitters.
This is all on his mind as he walked next to Steve towards the Quantum Time machine, Tony looked at the team standing around him, Rhodey opting to have his suit look more like his War Machine Armor, Scott’s looks like the Ant-Man suit, the rest of them in a generic suit, which would change when they needed it to. He wanted them all protected, because in all of these timelines, Thanos still existed. He wanted his family to be safe no matter what, even if it meant creating suits for them that would protect them when they needed it most.
“I’ll be the judge of that Rogers,” Tony said, taking out a red pen that he had gotten for the next time that Steve had asked him for help. It was a gel pen with gold glitter, and he had found it at one of the shops in the city, thinking about using it on his own story to fix the errors but then thought of Steve, especially after finding a blue one with red and white glitter. Of course, he brought both of them, along with those little gold star stickers he used to get in kindergarten, though he wasn’t sure why, all he knew was that it was silly, and it reminded him of Steve.
“Did you understand that?” Tony asked him and Steve said yes, he had the notes Tony had written up for him so he could just study them later.
“Let’s go,” Steve said pulling Tony up, never letting go of his hand. It felt like it should have been there all along, and he never wanted to let go.
“That’s good because it’s yours,” Steve said, he didn’t need the picture as long as he had Tony with him, he could draw those moments out. “Come on, time to go camping.”
I choose Nat and Tony to tell this part of story, well they were the two most effected by the stones, mainly because in the movie they were the ones that died.
When the door closed them in, the lights on, and DUM-E and U in their charging stations, Tony turned to look at him, and all Steve could see was heartbreak.
“I want to come with you,” Steve said before taking Tony’s hand, no doubt taking not of how it was shaking, because Tony didn’t do anything in halves, he was well on his way to having a panic attack and he knew it.
“Take the stairs,” Thor said, and Tony knew now that it was Thor’s little revenge for the Hulk hitting him during the battle.
“Oh,” he said thinking that it sounded a little more like chaos than anything else, looking at the time, he couldn’t help but notice that he was going to be late to his next class. “I’ll head over after I finish with everything I have to do.”
“Get all the coms online and working, even the ones in the kids’ suits, start waking them up,” he said as he finally got everything off of Steve. “Alert me when they’re up okay.”
“They’re too much sometimes,” Steve said to him as he wrapped his arms tighter around Tony, honestly, it’s Steve’s fault if he never wanted to get up from that position ever again.
“Yeah well don’t blab about it America, I don’t want the whole world to know,” Miles said, and Steve knew that he could embarrass his son but instead he looked over at America and smiled.
“You have something on your mind,” Tony said pulling his husband away from what was happening. “Tell me.”
“Will do Rogers,” he smirked before activating the suit’s nanoparticles. “Get to it Tom Thumb, we don’t have all day.”
As he stood there gathering his papers, Tony watched as students walked up to him just to speak about things that hadn’t been discussed or asking about his grading criteria. Tony was just in awe of the whole thing it wasn’t every day where he would have the chance to meet one of his heroes.
“You know,” Steve said to him as they got ready for bed that night. “I never thought that I would be a father, I thought I had given that up a long time ago, especially when I started coming to terms with being 70 years in the future, but we’re not too bad at this.”
There was something funny about hearing Steve’s parents' bicker, mainly because his parents never argued or did anything like that around them, though his father giving his mother puppy eyes had been enough for Tony to ignore them most days. It’s sweet when your parents still loved and cared for one another but sickening to walk in on them doing things that shouldn’t be seen by their own kids. He was nervous, which was normal... it was normal right... oh geez he wasn’t sure, he hoped that Steve’s mother liked the flowers.
When they fuck it is tinged with a dirty desperation. Steve is rough, greedy and everywhere at once. Tony, who before had been begging for Steve to mark him hard enough for him to feel it for days, finds himself completely thrown. Steve doesn’t fuck around with his strength, too worried that he could misjudge his strength in the heady veil of lust. He likes to have Tony spread for him, keening, sometimes keeping him at the edge for what feels like years before letting Tony fall over the other side.
“Glass of water would go down well.” Tony asks, leans into Steven’s hand when it brushes against his cheek. The flat is small, sparsely decorated, but it looks more lived in than any of the rooms at Stark Manor. There is life in the walls around Tony, scuff marks on the floor, signs of wear in the couch he’s perched on, that speaks of memories. He is simultaneously struck with the contentment of being completely at home, and yet a stranger. It’s enough to make him nauseous.
“You’d never willingly hurt me, Steve. You’ve never even shown the slightest sign, not even in the worst of your flashbacks, that I’m in danger. I wouldn’t have let you stay if you had.” Tony says, and the honesty behind them mean so much to Steve. He needs to know Tony is safe like he needs to breathe, like the oxygen in his lungs.
There is nothing memorable about this day, it falls out like any other. Yet again, it’s well past any semblance of a normal time to stop and take a break before Tony even takes a breath.
fail Steve. It doesn’t. I can’t allow it to fail. Fucking hell I sound like an emotional teenager – how are you so goddamn easy to talk to Rogers?”
Antonia listened, and looked, perceiving that Clint Barton was very much out of humor. Clearly the heat caused havoc on his constitution, complaints loud and vociferous. Moaning this way and that way caused Antonia to reflect, to realize that she was so very glad to be done being in love with him. She would not like a man so easily undone by a hot morning, but Pepper’s easy nature would not mind it.
As she approached she saw Miss Hill’s features school into slight disapproval, “Miss Stark.” She started, “Walking alone?”
An assumption which proves incorrect, as Natasha is already down there, throwing knives. With each throw she groans, and every time it is off target she screams angrily. For a woman normally so silent, not giving away so much as an eyebrow quirk, it’s extremely out of character, and Steve slightly hesitates before opening the glass door.
Such an extraordinary thing – never had she heard of such an event – and now it happened to the very person, and at the very hour, when the other very person was chancing by to rescue her! With him wishing to get the better of his attachment to herself, and Pepper recovering from her thoughts of Mr. Hammer. It was not possible that this event was not strongly recommending each to the other. But she would not step, or stir, or hint. No scheme, no interference. Beyond more than a passive wish would she proceed.
Their subjects in general were such as belongs to an opening acquaintance. On his side were the inquiries – “Was she a horsewoman? – pleasant rides? – pleasant walks? – had they a large neighbourhood? – was it a musical society? – an active one?”
The kind-hearted, gentle Mrs. Marvel had left her seat to join him and say, “Do you not dance, Mr. Hammer?” to which his prompt and slick reply was, “Most readily, Mrs. Marvel, if you will dance with me.”
and Steve’s eyes tangle with his, devastated by the pain he sees there, “See – Steve! You can’t just – you can’t just
He’s lost like that for a while, not sure how long, before a knock sounds at his door, he’d recognize that metallic ring, clear and pure, anywhere.
She noticed Mrs. Marvel, who looked perfectly wretched now, look past her at the door, and upon looking glanced Mr. Marvel standing, abjectly miserable. She controlled herself, in a far better state than she would of done months ago, and forced through a smile, “I suppose, then, we should wish them very happy.”
“Hello bond of mine.” Tony speaks first, watches as his beloved smiles slow and easy and full of joy. He accepts the hug when it comes, steps into Steve’s arms as easy as breathing, finds the hollow of his neck like it was made for Tony’s chin. He lets it enfold him for a minute, soaks it in, before finding Steve’s mouth and covering it with his. He doesn’t care if the others have turned away, just needs this affirmation that he’s doing the right thing. Needs Steve’s arms around him and his love encompassing him to stand before him.
Miss Romanov, seldom spoke before, except among her own set, spoke now. “Such things do occur, undoubtedly.” She was stopped as all attention turned to her, coughing slightly.
“There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart,” said she afterwards to herself. “There is nothing to be compared to it. Warmth and tenderness f heart, with an affectionate, open manner, will beat all the clearness of head in the world, for attraction, I am sure it will. It is tenderness of heart which makes my dear mother so beloved – I have it not – but I know how to prize and respect it. Pepper is my superior in all the charm and felicity it gives. Dear Pepper – oh the coldness of Natasha Romanov – Pepper is worth a hundred of such – And for a wife – a sensible man’s wife – it is invaluable!”
He kisses Tony’s shoulder as he presses in slowly, watches Tony’s face for any hint of discomfort. A twinge of pain shoots through him in feedback from his love, and he slows to a stop, waiting until it’s gone before pressing forward again, mouthing at Tony’s skin all the while.
Well, more specifically, Tony’s wet room. It’s massive, the floor dark marble that slants just enough to notice into the middle of the room, the walls grey slate. Steve’s main love, though, was the rainforest shower that sprawls across the ceiling, controlled via a remote with more buttons than was strictly necessary.
“Dependency, trust and respect is not ‘charm’, Antonia.” Steven smarts in response, “They would feel they could trust him, the nephew who has done right by his father, would do rightly by them.”
“Pepper’s one of the most well-adjusted woman I’ve ever met in all my life.” Tony replies, voice soaked with adoration and exasperation in equal measure, “It makes it awkward when she’s off to social calls that a respectable person makes - ribbon cuttings and the like - and I’ve probably not surfaced from my lab for four days still wearing a week old shirt.” Tony pauses as though he realises what he’s said, flushing a shade of red Steve finds adorable.
Upon getting home last night, he didn’t sleep a moment. He could still smell Tony on him, an earthy smell of motor oil and cinnamon. He could still feel Tony’s hair under his fingers. He could still feel Tony’s hands on his back. He could press his palm into his spine and feel it catch on scratch marks left by Tony’s raking fingernails.
“Never be sorry,” Tony says, voice fierce, “You are safe. You are here. You are mine.” The words are soaked in fierce adoration, “Sam said it was likely they’d kick up again as your mind begins to process therapy.”
“How fantastic it is that you are here my friend,” Thor’s voice, for once, is fairly quiet but full of sincerity, “I was worried I would have to carry the burden of eating this entire feast on my own shoulders – not a hard task of course – why once when we caught our first Tribekerak we feasted on its flesh the same evening and had a feast that lasted over a week.” He smiles, and Clint punches his arm good-naturedly.
that makes Steve who he is. He wants to break him apart and put him back together in divine adulation that would leave them both shaking.
The door handle shimmies once, a warning, and Tony leans in and asks a breathless ‘is this okay?’ and Steve is powerless in the face of such tornado like movement to do anything but nod his acquiesce.
“The Coulson’s have always been so very kind to me and treated me with love and generosity.” Miss. Romanov is a woman of few words, to be sure, normally the type of person Antonia - who Steven liked to joke had a word count she needed to get out every day else perish from lack of attention - would run a mile from. But there was something calming about her presence. And you felt as though every word she spoke had been weighed and measured before tumbling from her mouth.
“She has always been a favourite with him.” Mrs Marvel remarked, in news to Antonia. A favourite since when? How? Did they converse and she did not know about it? The thought made her queasy.
Pepper behaved extremely well on the occasion, with great self-command. What strength of character she showed to betray no excitement or hope in the event of a sad death! Antonia was gratified to see it, to observe such proof of her strengthened character from her dalliance with Mr Hammer.
“Steve, Steve! I’m gonna -“ and that’s all the warning Tony can give him before he’s arching up, mouth open on a silent scream and coming in long ropes down Steve’s throat who swallows through it all and keeps his fingers working in and out of Tony before letting them slip out with an obscene pop.
As for Mr. Hammer, his manners did not appear – but Antonia was not surprised. He wore a sneer affixed to his face the entire meeting, like he somehow was the winner in this charade. Wedding visits were an awkward ceremony at any time, and he seemed determined to make it more so considering he was in the room at once with the woman he had just married, the woman he had wanted to marry, and the woman whom he had been expected to marry.
“My mind is riotous.” Virginia answered this discourse quickly, face stormy, “I don’t know what to do.”
Maria Stark’s eyes grew stormy, “If I could allow her to travel alone without the constant worry probably sending me into an early grave, I would. But as it stands I simply want what is best for her within the comfort and safety of Highbury. And whatever she wants within that, she will have. Antonia wants for nothing, yet I see her bored to her wits end. The books that litter our house have been thumbed over so much the letters are near faded. Every nook and cranny explored and discovered. If Virginia will allow her to be challenged, then she can be allowed to do so.”
“Do you think,” he says, as he shrugs out the trousers, letting Steve take in the fact he’s commando underneath with a bitten off gasp, “you know me well enough now?”
“No –“ Antonia laughed in response, “but I am sure there may be some opposition to his returning. Such language for a man entirely dependent on his aunt and uncle to use! Nobody but you, o’ decorated Captain and natural leader, would imagine it possible. Nobody but you could use such language and still remain in favour. You could charm the birds out of trees.”
In this state of excitement, schemes and drama, June opened on Hartfield. To Highbury it brought no material change. The Hammers still droned on about a visit from their friends from town, how they had the opportunity to entertain ‘to their expected standard’, Natasha Romanov was still at her aunts; and as the return of the Murdocks from Ireland was again delayed, she was likely to stay there for a full two months longer, provided she could avoid Mrs. Hammer’s scheming to hurry her into a governess position against her will.
“He’s dead.” Her words are blunt, brutal, ripped from her lungs on a gasp of air. “He’s dead. And I am not. We don’t - we don’t get happy endings, Anthony. Not for us. Not from this. Not from him.” He doesn’t need her to expand on who she means, “Do not ever tell your father if you get a soulmark. Everything is currency to him, and this,” she strokes long delicate fingers across the slivering petals and Tony hides a shiver, “this is your highest price. The only price you will always be willing to pay.”
“You.” Steven speaks first, and later Tony will learn that this is part of who he is. A born leader, incapable of anything but forging ahead with blind and beloved optimism that hides a multitude of worries and insecurities.
For the most part, Nat is quiet. This isn’t unusual. The rest of the group are such loud characters (aside Bruce, perhaps, but he couldn’t make it today, so it’s more obvious that Nat isn’t really talking much with his absence) that even a slightly quiet individual would be noticed. Nat’s practically mute, by comparison, but that doesn’t make her any less loved by every single one of them.
Upon gazing upon it, Mr. Hammer’s lips twisted, and it was the first time Antonia was struck upon how this man could even look ugly where occasion granted it, “I see. I suppose to have a likeness painted for a beloved
They decided to strike out, the three of them minus her mother. She wasn’t one for long walks, the cold making her bones brittle, so she waved them off with a curious gaze and a promise that she wished to stay in to be present for Captain. Rogers visit. Antonia tamped down the disappointment that she’d miss the elusive Steven once more, putting gossip and excitement above it, and struck out on the path to Highbury.
The pressure is overwhelming, the heat that slowly surrounds him intoxicating. He listens to Tony’s every gasp, stutter, and sinks slowly into a world he never wants to leave. The only sound their heavy breaths, Steve falls further, until he’s fully seated with a moan that tears out of Tony’s lips, mingled with a groan of his own.
had the slightest suspicion, you must believe me. If I had, I would have cautioned you accordingly.”
It is beyond anything he’d ever imagined and he could have never guessed this would have become his life when he first volunteered for Project Rebirth, but for the first time, he doesn’t think he’d go back, hit the reset button, even if he was offered it. And it is that thought which makes him turn to Tony.
But it’s not the fact he was just completely floored by an extra-terrestrial beast that has him pausing whilst the battle continues around him, but the fact that in that last moment
She shakes her head viciously, perfectly coiffed hair bouncing and coming undone, “It’s what he would of done.”
Her own conduct, as well as her own heart, was before her. Clarity she wished to have been blessed with sooner. How improperly she had acted by Pepper! How inconsiderate, indelicate, irrational and how unfeeling her behaviour! It was blindness and madness that had led her on. But she could not bring herself to feel anything but a strong sense of justice for Pepper – the jealous thought that anyone
And Steve, the little shit that he is, is smirking like he knows, keeps tilting his chin up to bare his throat in submission that licks at the flames of Tony's desire. Tony doesn't think he could love him more. Steve, behind closed doors, is filthy. Steve is dirty, Steve is rough and gorgeous and dangerous. Steve will try anything at least once, and then he'll try it again to make sure he was right the first time. Steve will wear lace under his stealth uniform and find a way to text Tony about it halfway through a covert operation when he's informed by insider info
Antonia was more aware now than ever, that she loomed over Mrs. Marvel still, having not taken a moment to sit down opposite her before hearing the news. She had to steady her feet, “Natasha Romanov?” she spoke slowly, as though that would give her more clarity, give Mrs. Marvel time to take the words back. Mrs. Marvel could only nod. “You are not serious.”
“Very true – Well, a little while ago it occurred to me how very sad it would be to have Natasha Romanov walking home again, late at night, and cold as the nights are now. And as I looked at her, it struck me that she was heated, and therefore be liable to take cold. Poor girl! I could not bear the idea of it, so I spoke with Mr. Marvel and we agreed.” Her voice grows hushed still, and Antonia has to strain to hear her over the other voices echoing in the room.
“We were,” Bucky agrees, voice sad. “Who knows where we’d have ended up if you hadn’t walked out. Or if I’d stopped you.”
"Simple isn't the word I'd use," Bucky replies, still not sure if this is some kind of test. "You're saying Steve's on board with this...whatever this is?"
“Do you not want me to?” Tony finally asks, figuring he might as well just be direct. He’s shit with this kind of thing, and this seems like the fastest way to get this conversation over.
“I just mean if you are, I’d like to know,” he says, not missing Steve’s eyebrows shooting into his hairline even in profile. “I don’t think you are, really, but sometimes things happen and I’d rather know so I just figured if it had happened, we could talk about it. But I don’t think you are."
Bucky rattles off his personal number without any hesitation, and that’s slightly surprising; normally he’s less free with giving away personal information, but there’s something disarming about Stark, who punches it into the phone.
Rogers nods, and despite himself, Tony finds himself opening up. Rogers is warm and kind, asking genuine questions about Tony and his projects, Iron Man, and even though Tony still feels like he missed a big part of their history together, it's kind of nice. Steve offers stories about his life in the thirties and forties, which sometimes involve a mention of Howard Stark, but Tony finds he doesn't even mind; it's interesting to see a perspective of his dad that isn't clouded by him being an asshole.
It gets to the point that he decides he needs to at least talk to Steve about it. He waits until Bucky’s gone for the night (he spends most evenings at their penthouse now), and they’re nearly ready for bed.
Bucky knew, of course; after everything they’d been through, Steve knew he couldn’t leave and not tell Bucky. Sad, but understanding, Bucky had offered nothing but support.
"So these are the designs I've got prototypes for," Tony explains, pointing them out on the screens. "They're all similar to yours, you said the new fabric worked well?"
Returning the stones took weeks; not as difficult as obtaining them, but difficult nonetheless. The soul stone was a surprise; of all the people Steve had expected to meet, the Red Skull wasn’t anywhere even close to on the list.
Steve chuckles. “I guess you’re right,” he agrees, because really, it’s true. Tony looks surprised at the laugh, and points at a chair near one of the desks.
“Good.” Steve stands, holding out a hand for Steve to shake. It’s accepted and Steve offers an apologetic smile.
He supposes that’s a thought for another day. For now, he’s exhausted and thinks a nap is a good idea.
"What, we can't have a breakfast date?" Tony asks with a sly smile, and now Bucky's really suspicious.
Bucky’s not surprised anymore; Stark has effectively broken down any preconceived notions Bucky had. He nods, a smile on his face.
Steve just shrugs. "Because it's you. And you're ridiculous, and I love you even though you're trying to get me to hook up with my ex while simultaneously trying to convince yourself that you don't want to. And because it's crossed my mind too."
"Entirely unhelpful. But I'm sure I'll find something to fix at some point," Tony replies, wondering who's going to acknowledge the hand thing first.
"Some of us were frozen for almost seven decades," Rogers retorts, but he's smiling. The sight sends a rush of warmth through Tony, which he still doesn't quite understand, because two weeks ago he'd have pushed Rogers off the helicarrier without a second thought.
Tomorrow, he thinks. Tomorrow will be the day he starts taking the chances he should have all those years ago.
"Not just sleep," Tony clarifies helpfully. "He- Steve he fits with us. You can't tell me you haven't noticed it."
Bucky relaxes a bit, and finds that he can't suppress a soft laugh. He can picture Steve pinching the bridge of his nose in exasperation. "You've been with him long enough to know he's always like this. You want to talk to him?"
"I'm from the future," he says again, silencing Tony with a look when his mouth opens. "I know it sounds crazy. Six years from now, the same person that sent all those aliens and Loki here is going to destroy half of all life on earth." He breaks off, because the memories were muted until now, and the rush of emotion that returns is dizzying. He takes a deep breath, motioning for Tony to sit. He's surprised that Tony does; it gives him hope.
At that, Steve chuckles. “Not this time.” He flips the phone back over (a Stark Industries proprietary, state of the art design) to open the text.
Losing Tony was the most painful thing Steve had ever experienced; more painful than downing the plane in the ocean, more painful than losing Peggy, Bucky, anyone else, or anything else.
A sigh is Steve’s response, but Tony’s just grinning. “Do we even need to talk about this? He’s clearly on board.”
Bucky shakes his head, but he waits until they're seated at the cafe before he brings it up again. He takes a long sip of coffee. "Okay, talk. What the fuck is going on?"
“Maybe?” he tries, sitting up to face Steve. “I’m just saying that if it did happen I don’t think I’d mind, because it’s you two, but I’d like to be kept in the loop?”
he’d healed. He was now one of, if not the best, pilots in the United States Air Force. The army had enabled him to go to college, and he’d graduated with a masters in aerospace engineering.
Finally, it seems to settle. Tony isn’t sure what changed, but he’s not going to complain. It’s been a couple months now, and things have felt better for at least a couple weeks. Tony wonders if Steve and Bucky finally kissed and made up.
"I tried to stop him, and I couldn't. None of us could," Steve continues, not able to look at Tony right now. "Five years after that, we figured out how to travel back in time, to stop him. And we did."
“Guess I am.” Rogers rises and pulls Tony up with him, not releasing his grip. “Still don’t know what to do about that?”
A moment of silence, and a long, exasperated sigh comes from the other end. "How much has he flirted with you?" Steve asks.
Which is fine. He's fine. He can get over this; he got over it once before. Or at least he thought he did.
The research draws him into his own world; he's not very good at this, even after this many years, but Google is forgiving and he feels like he's at least making some progress. He hears the bedroom door open, looking up with a smile.
The fear creeps at the back of his mind again, this time mixed with apprehension; he knows what’s going to happen, knows the times he missed his chance to say something to bridge that gap with Tony, knows...well, not everything, but close.
It’s how they met; Tony had contracted the firm to help design it, and after looking through some portfolios, had chosen Steve based on his work. The rest, as they say, was history.
“I’m not Loki,” he says calmly. “If I were Loki, how would I know things about you no one else does?”
“Yeah, that’s the thing,” Tony says, words still falling from his lips without his consent. “I can’t explain it, but I’m not jealous of it. I don’t even think I could be if I wanted.”
Steve lets out a long sigh. “Fine. I’m sure we’ll see each other again at some point, since you’re working with my husband and everything.”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Steve asks without any accusation in his voice. He seems genuinely surprised; Bucky can see the emotions flitting across Steve’s face like they’re written there for Bucky to read. They always used to joke that Bucky was the one person Steve could never pull off lying to.
"Hi, sweetheart, I'm not the idiot here," Tony interjects cheerily. Bucky finds he can't resist kicking him under the table. "Bucky Bear doesn't believe you and I talked about all this."
“Bucky?” Steve asks softly as he turns to see him standing there. Bucky’s never felt more uncomfortable in his life.
“Just a little side project,” Tony says, nonchalant. “Figure if there’s going to be superheroes here they’ll need a decent place to stay in tip top shape.”
“True,” Steve agrees. “The difference would just be that I don’t have to smack Tony when he does things like this.”
"I don't- I mean if you had permission, would you want to?" Tony asks, because now he needs to know and he's not sure why. They drank a lot tonight, maybe it's the alcohol.
“I can drive myself places,” Bucky chuckles as he climbs in. Stark just grins and hands him the glass.
“Fine with me. I don’t really know what the rules are for something like this,” Bucky says, smiling when Tony’s arms tighten just a bit, “but we’ve kind of already- we’re basically already doing this.”
“We don’t even know if he’d be interested,” Steve points out. Tony just shrugs, refilling both of their cups.
“You too, Stevie.” Bucky swallows down the emotion again and offers a smile before he turns to leave. He drives home in silence, deliberately not thinking about anything that happened tonight. When he gets to his apartment, he pulls out the bottle of cognac Tony sent him last week, and pours himself a sizable glass. He’d looked this bottle up when he got it, and had almost choked at the price.
"No," he admits. "I came back here for you. I never told you how I felt about you. Then you were gone, and I missed my chance."
“Why?” Bucky isn’t sure he wants the answer. “For Tony, right? Steve, you don’t have to tolerate me just because Tony wanted me there. Trust me, if he’d told me your name, I would’ve stayed home.”
“I’ll try not to keep you too long,” Bucky chuckles, a spike of...he isn’t sure if it’s fear or what, shooting through him when Tony’s face lights up in a way that can only mean Steve is behind him.
“It did,” Steve agrees, pressing a kiss to Tonys forehead. “Breakfast and then we can keep talking about it?”
"Just every other," Tony quips, but he's smiling now too. He doesn't get what's happening, why all of a sudden he's so drawn in by Rogers. Maybe it's the connection to Tony's own past through his dad.
“Well I’m glad to see you,” Steve replies, arms twining around Tony’s waist comfortably. “Good meeting, then?”
“I was what, twenty two?” Steve shoots back, defensive. “I wasn’t the one that couldn’t have given a shit that their boyfriend needed support,
to do anything. Bucky’s become a good friend; Tony doesn’t have enough of them. He’s fun, unassuming, appreciates good liquor, and if Tony’s being honest, nice to look at. Not that he’d ever stray from Steve (anyone that’d want to is insane), but he can appreciate an attractive man.
Tony sits next to him and starts speaking, pointing out things on the screen that don’t quite register, partially because they’re way too technical for him, and partially because of Tony’s proximity.
Bucky knows that was deliberate, and goddamn if it doesn’t hurt. He knows he’s hurting Steve, but he also knows that if he stays, it’ll get worse. He huffs out a breath and steels himself before pulling Steve into a hug.
He knows Steve’s getting off work early today, so hopefully he’ll be home when Tony gets there. The thought brings a smile to his face; Steve was promoted recently at his architectural firm, thanks, in part, to the work he’s done on Stark Tower.
It’s an odd way to think about it, he realizes. But it’s something he hasn’t been able to shake free in his mind. Their relationship is easy, and they’re familiar around each other, and Tony’s
“I may not have, but Tony did,” Steve replies, which doesn’t make Bucky feel any better. “And if I’d known you were who he invited, I’d have wanted you there.”
"May 11th," Steve replies, and for some reason this seems to be the proof Tony needs. He nods slowly.
“Me either. Hope that just means once we’re through this it’s nothing but smooth sailing.” Steve stands, taking Tony’s hand and pulls him up and into a kiss in one swift motion. Tony melts into it; he’s never been able to resist Steve.
“Hey,” he says, and now that Bucky’s in front of him, Steve can’t fathom why he thought this was anywhere close to a good idea. Bucky looks amazing, and Steve’s heart aches.
"No idea," Tony says honestly. Rogers hasn't let go, and Tony doesn't really want to. Rogers feels like an anchor, keeping Tony from drifting away. “I have a million projects I could work on.”
“I don’t know. But I do know I trust you to be honest with me. And I know that your happiness is the most important thing to me. So if that means Bucky’s in our lives, that’s what it means.”
. Steve wrote the note on a photo, not a piece of paper. He flips the photo over, seeing his own smiling face grinning back at him, taunting him, with an arm around Tony. It'd been taken at the party they'd thrown right before Ultron first attacked.
"Steve, I can't trust you if you don't tell me everything," Tony argues, and while Steve knows it's true, he really doesn't want to make things worse somehow.
“You’re telling me,” Bucky sighs. “You make him happy though, I could see that much. I’m glad you two have each other.”
“Think we can be friends, for his sake?” Steve asks, not sure if he knows his own answer to the question. He knows he misses Bucky, but there’s a part of him afraid to go down the road of friendship. He’s afraid he’ll end up wanting more.
“Liar,” he says without any heat. “Listen, I’m- well I’m sorry for what happened at the wedding, which was entirely not my fault, but also not my intention.”
“You don’t want me at your wedding,” Bucky replies. His heart’s in a fucking vice right now. He needs a strong drink. “It’s really okay.”
He debates skipping out on the reception, but he knows he can’t without offering an explanation and he thinks, “Your new husband is my ex that I’m apparently still carrying a torch for,” isn’t a great one. He doesn’t want to hurt Tony, and at a minimum, they’re still going to have to communicate on their projects.
“I think you’re both insane,” Bucky replies, which just makes Tony grin more. Bucky takes a moment to imagine having that grin directed at him more, with more than friendship behind it.
"You know at some point, you are spilling all the details. I want to know all the major scientific breakthroughs I have, okay?"
Tony smiles a sad sort of smile. “Thanks. Let’s not torture you anymore with talking about him, though. Ready to see the new schematics I drew up?”
"I'm letting you have a boyfriend, that's not enough?" Steve laughs, shooing Tony away. "Go get him."
“Worked,” Tony makes air quotes, expression somewhat sour, “doesn’t mean it can’t be improved. Unless you’d rather keep using that old rag?”
"You didn't have to do that," Rogers protests, and Tony just shrugs. He wanted to; figures it's a way to thank Rogers for dragging him out like this.
“Just the one meeting. Since I’m the boss, I decide when I leave,” Tony smirks. He’s not usually one for this much affection, but Steve brings it out of him easily.
Steve opens his mouth to reply that’s a terrible idea, when he realizes it might not be. It feels sneaky, though, and he doubts Bucky would fall for it. "I don't think that's a good idea," he finally settles on, because it really isn't; he doesn't like how manipulative it feels. "It'll just make him uncomfortable. One of us needs to just...talk to him."
It takes just three days to finish. He calls Rogers back, careful this time to watch him. The same stifled familiarity is on his face as he walks in, like seeing Tony is a miracle he can’t believe.
!” Steve finally manages, and now Steve can’t stop himself from laughing. Because he knows better now, and has accepted that Tony’s ass is, in fact, quite nice, this is entirely comical. This is exactly how he would’ve reacted if he’d been himself in this situation.
“It’s like I can read your mind,” Tony remarks, chin resting on his hand as he gazes at Bucky. “Liking this idea, huh?”
"Tony, I can't help you if you don't talk to me," comes the exasperated reply, and why isn't Steve more upset about this? Tony thinks he should be, considering that Tony just said that he thinks Steve and his ex should sleep together, and that they should all be in a relationship. He thinks that's what he said, anyway.
"Me too," Steve admits, downing the rest of his coffee, which is ice cold now. "You can come by if you want. I'm sure Tony'd like to see you."
Tony’s eyes open, eyes narrowing at Rogers. “You think I’m that easy?” He squeezes Rogers’s hand for emphasis. Rogers laughs again.
“Oh it’s fine.” Bucky relaxes back into Tony’s embrace, figuring at this point he’s made up his mind. “As long as you two aren’t going to try to make me your sex slave, I’m on board.”
“Because you’re married, and I never fucking stopped loving you,” Bucky says bluntly. Steve feels like he’s been punched in the gut. “I’m not saying I’d ever try to do anything to mess up your relationship with Tony, please don’t take it that way. But I think it’d be hard for me.”
Bucky snorts. “And here’s me wondering why the hell you walked out on me like that. You were trying to get me to call your bluff? Real mature, Rogers.”
Steve can't even say the words. His eyes squeeze shut, trying to stave off the tears as the vision of Tony's face, burned and mangled from the gauntlet, eyes staring sightlessly into nothing, surfaces in his mind.
Rogers shakes his head, a smile on his face. He leads them both to the elevator, hands still clasped, finally turning to look at Tony once the doors are closed.
“This?” Bucky gestures between them. “This is not talking, Steve. This is awkward, and painful. Neither of us want to do this, so please, let’s just give it up.”
Or maybe it's that Rogers isn't the worst person to look at from across a table. Or the fact that he seems to actually care about Tony.
“No harm done,” Bucky replies easily, downing an overlarge gulp of cognac. “Really. I just hope I didn’t put a damper on your celebration.”
"Too bad, I need you to." Tony squeezes Rogers's hand back, a shiver running through him when a thumb starts rubbing the back of his hand. "Anything at all you'd make different about the suit? More flexibility, less, lighter fabric, anything?"
Steve sighs. He doesn't even know. "Just wanted to see how you're doing," he tries, knowing Bucky will see right through it.
"So why are you saying you want to have a date with me, if you're married?" Bucky finally tries. Tony shrugs.
“All right, fine, you win.” Bucky says, feeling like he might regret this, but he can be a good new friend and suck it up. “I’ll be there, just tell me when and where.”
"Yeah," Rogers agrees, and goddamn if his voice doesn't sound slightly hoarse. "Yeah, no complaints."
“Okay, if you’re me,” Steve starts, still towering over him, “tell me something else only I’d know.”
“I know you miss her,” he says to...himself, hoping he’s willing to listen. “What if you had a chance to get that dance you promised her?”
Steve’s waiting for them when they get to the tower, eyebrows arching when they walk in, Tony’s arm back around Bucky’s waist.
“Don’t think about it. Just go,” he urges, stepping forward to close the distance between them. “If I give you that Particle, I stay here in the past, you won’t leave anyone hanging. Fury might notice, but none of the rest of them will. I’ve got-“ he breaks off, fear and hope and regret surging up.
An arched eyebrow is his answer, and Steve’s honestly not sure why he hasn’t been clocked yet. He would’ve clocked him if he were...him. Which he is, but he’s not.
Bucky follows Stark into the building - a large, slightly ostentatious tower, but the engineering behind it is something Bucky’s read up on a bit. He’s impressed. Stark leads him to an elevator and up into a spacious office, where he gestures for Bucky to sit on a couch, taking a seat next to him.
Bucky’s grateful. He’s deliberately avoided thinking about it, but if he slips, and remembers Steve’s face, he likes to think there was some sadness in Steve’s eyes when he left that night.
“You love it,” Rogers replies, confident and assured as his free hand starts roaming over Tony’s back. It sends a shudder through Tony’s entire body.
“That’s the only reason you’re invited,” Tony agrees with a smirk. “And one day you’ll explain to me how ‘Bucky’ comes from ‘James.’”
There’s a long moment of silence that feels very pregnant to Tony. He’s not sure if he’s supposed to say anything or not.
"You could say that," Rogers replies, hand squeezing Tony's gently. Tony flips his hand up and allows their fingers to lace together, and feels something click into place somewhere deep down.
"You're a lousy liar too, Stark," he says, and Tony leans up to kiss him because he's there, and he's perfect. Tony loves him so much.
Despite all his initial eagerness, when Steve’s finally given a chance to see Tony again, he’s nervous. He can’t tell anyone he’s from the future, though maybe one day he’ll be able to share that.
"You're goddamn right I don't believe you." Bucky decides to call Tony's bluff, and picks up his phone to call Steve, who answers immediately. Bucky puts the phone on speaker, trusting the volume of the restaurant to keep their conversation private.
Tony’s not guaranteed to fall for him. Steve’s not guaranteed to predict everything that’s going to happen; hell, just by coming here, he might’ve already changed this future.
He's not sure that's a bad thing. But he's definitely sure now that Rogers has a serious thing for him.
Steve really isn’t in a hurry to get up, but he also knows he wants coffee. Tony groans in protest as Steve gets up and pulls on pants, but he’s smiling when he comes to the kitchen once the coffee is brewing.
“Great.” Stark stands up, a smile on his face as he reaches out to shake Bucky’s hand again, pulling out a fancy looking cellphone with the other. “You don’t have to, but I’d rather not go through the military to get ahold of you.”
The depression had crippled him; he’d joined the army to escape, he’d sought help from a therapist, and
It had been hard, at first. Bucky would come to the tower and they’d drink, have fun, and enjoy each other’s company, but some nights Steve would lay in bed for hours, sleep eluding him. Those were the nights Tony hated most, because there wasn’t anything he could do to help, except be a comforting presence.
“Then yes, 100% serious.” Tony stands up and walks to the counter, returning with the coffee pot. “I can’t explain it, but it’s been stuck in my head for weeks now.”
But Steve’s still the most amazing partner Tony could ever imagine. Tony doesn’t feel like a thing has changed between him and Steve; if anything, their relationship has improved.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Look, I know it’s been a century since you’ve gotten laid, but I’m just not that kind of girl.”
Bucky hesitates for a moment, and Steve wonders if he's pushed too far, but then Bucky replies, "Sure."
“You move in, and we all live happily ever after?” Tony suggests, which makes Steve chuckle. Bucky shrugs; the idea’s appealing.
He dresses in his best suit and heads to the country club where the wedding is. When he arrives, valet takes his car and he’s directed to what looks like a giant park, large tents pitched and plenty of people milling around.
Tony doesn't seem to suspect anything, which is good. Steve knows at some point he's going to have to come clean. He splashes some water on his face and goes back out to retrieve his clothes, and scribbles a note to Tony on the back of a spare piece of paper in his wallet.
"Sure, I bet you can. You know, I knew there was something off about all this, but I ignored it because you were so convincing." Tony's advancing on him now, a finger pointed in his direction. "I knew there was something weird about the way you looked at me, the fact that you were always here, the fact that you didn't hesitate with JARVIS when the last time you were here you acted like he was a ghost, and you owe me a fucking explanation, Rogers. Who the fuck are you?"
“Basic integrity checks now that it’s being worn, material density, and a few other things,” Tony says without looking up as the output displays on the computer screen. “Do me a favor and move a little? I need to see output when there’s movement.”
When he had heard that little old Mrs. Rogers was about to lose the store, Tony had started his own company, he had been sixteen and at school, but had come home for the summer to hang out with Pepper, May, Jan and Rhodey, all of which were twenty and for some reason were okay with having a sixteen year old troublemaker as a friend. He had started Resilient that summer, it was a part of Stark Industries, but it worked on technologies that helped countries that needed medical help or making long lasting solutions to some of the world’s biggest problems. He honestly didn’t want to be known for making weapons, but he had used his own inheritance to buy one New York City block its buildings and all, modernize the structures and make them more eco-friendly, so that Mrs. Rogers could keep running her store. She had treated him like one of her own, and he was going to protect her like she was his own grandmother.
“My mother has a way of knowing things, but there’s also the fact that Loki and my dad were in the middle of talking with a bunch of people, Clint was with his fiancé... and the fact that he only drives a motorcycle, so he had gone to the party with my parents.”
By the time Steve had come to pick him up, he was nervous, dressed in Rhodey’s M.I.T. sweatshirt, and his jeans and converse, he looked like the world had swallowed him whole, except Steve was looking at him with a weird look.
“He also calls me platypus and a million other nicknames, and he steals my sweaters, my socks and a million other things that I probably don’t know about,” Rhodes says to Steve as he shakes his hand, gripping it a little tighter than someone would normally do when shaking someone’s hand. “I’m just here to see the guy that Tony wouldn’t shut up about.”
“Hey,” Steve said, that million watt smile that Tony loved so much on his face. “We came to pick you up, Natasha said something about a fitting, even though I told her I could just wear one of my regular suits,” honestly, Tony had forgotten about the whole suit fitting the moment his professor had called him.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Clint said hugging him, his friend was a fully-grown man child and they all knew it. “You’re the best,” Clint called out as he went back towards the front of the store.
“Just like that,” Bruce questioned, and Tony knew that it had more to do with his current problems controlling the Hulk.
“You don’t know that honey, for all we know they’re going to hold hands on the way out and terrorize us until we die,” his father said brushing off a piece of hair from his mother’s face.
“Call Nat and tell her what’s happening,” he said feeling defeated, he felt Bucky squeeze his shoulder before he was on the phone.
“As much as I want to scream finally,” Natasha said making the two of them jump apart. “We have a mission to get to.”
“So, I’m guessing that even though Scott was placing all of the blame on you, it wasn’t really your fault that it had happened the way it did.”
“I have given our dean your suggestions on the matter of Mr. Stone’s grade, and your thoughts about the whole thing, and she has taken them under consideration.”
“You said that we had one shot. This,” he said pointing at the rubble around them. “this was our shot. We shot it. It’s shot. Six stones or nothing. Six stones or noting.”
“And I know how I know,” Tony said looking straight at him. Which meant it was from the data dump, which meant that they were going on a little trip and the way that Tony was ignoring Scott, it also meant that he wasn’t counting on Ant-Man to join them.
“I took off the ring, and since you’ve denied me my release, you’re going to have to live with it inside of you once we’re done, and after I have had my fill, of food anyway, I’m going back to your slopping wet hole and I’m going to fuck it open until you’re so open that when we wake up in the morning I can just slip inside and fuck you all over again.”
“She’s older, I was born a few months after she has been adopted,” Steve saw something flash in Tony’s eyes as he said it. “Anyway,” Tony said turning the conversation back to the topic at hand. “When we were in middle school, I had started writing little stories here and there, I always had extra classes or something afterschool, my dad didn’t like us having too much free time, but the Captain America comics had its first movie I around that time, and my brother Clint had taken us to the movies, and after that I wondered if Cap needed more heroes to work with.”
“So,” Steve said breaking Tony out of his thoughts. “I thought you could help me with this, it’s for the exam we have before Thanksgiving break, and I need to pass the test badly, since I didn’t do so well on the midterm.”
“No Steve, I don’t need a gift,” honestly speaking though Tony just wanted more time to spend with Steve, but with this would mean that Steve didn’t need his help anymore and he wanted to stretch it out for as long as he could.
“I know Steve, but he needs to grieve, we’ll help him, hell he could live in the guest house with the kids if it makes him feel better... well when the guest house is finished.”
It was cold and dark outside, usually this was where Steve would show up to walk him home, a big doofy grin on his face and a cup of his latest Starbucks creation just for Tony. Instead Tony started crying right outside the library, wanting for the whole world to swallow him whole just so that he could be alone. He wanted to scream out at the unfairness of it all, but instead he took a couple of hiccupped breaths before slowly walking towards his dorm. The whole semester had been a disaster, and if something else happened he wasn’t sure that he would survive it.
“So, what’s the catch?” Tony asked him as they started the walk towards the dorms. Bucky had gone to see the girl he was falling for just as Steve got to the room. He had taken it as an indicator from the heavens that he needed to see Tony, it’s the only reason he had made the coffee in the first place so why couldn’t he just casually walk over and see him as he left the library.
“It’s a long story, and one that I really can’t tell you,” Steve told her. “You weren’t supposed to see me, we weren’t supposed to get caught,” he motioned towards Tony who was still standing on the other side of the room, quieter than he had ever seen him.
“If I tell you what happens, it won't happen,” Strange answered and Tony wanted to throttle the man. They had lost everything, it had taken so long to get to this point, when all the man had had to do was turn back time five years ago, or find a way to send them to Wakanda where Steve had been fighting.
“I used to have nothing,” she tells him while looking out into the room. “Then I got this. This job... this family. And I was... I was better because of it. And even though... they're gone... I'm still trying to be better,” she was already in tears, and as much as he still wanted to cry over it all, he couldn’t not anymore.
“Yeah, you and me, along with Scott and Bruce, because a rampaging Hulk is easier to hide in plain sight.”
“You know what kills me is that you’re angry at me for something that wasn’t my fault, that for some reason if I defended myself against what had happened you wouldn’t have listened to me,” he said, his ribs hurting as his breath left him. “Even with what happened with Thanos, I saw it coming, I saw that god damned mothership on the other side of the wormhole, I saw it in the vision that Wanda had given me, I wanted us to stay together, but no you had your own agenda.”
“Okay, so that was embarrassing and I’m just going to go now,” Tony said wanting to walk away from the one guy he had a crush on since he was twelve, but it didn’t matter, he just embarrassed himself right there and there was no coming back from that.
“Spiderman is a teenager?” she looked at him shocked. “But from what my brother told me he fought with you two years ago, he couldn’t have been older than fifteen.”
“No problem,” he told her, it was the least he could do at the moment, since she had been working on the suits mostly on her own.
“How long have you known about who I was?” he asked knowing that the answer would just hurt more than anything else.
“Very funny Tony, but with our kids, Clint’s kids, Pepper and Happy, as well as all of the other Avengers, we basically have a family to feed, and I want everyone to be full and happy before we head out tomorrow.”
“I got this. I got this! Okay, I don't got this,” Peter was chanting before calling out “Help! Somebody, help!”
Please tell me if this made sense, I'm trying to condense every movie while changing them at the same time to fit what's happening the second time around.
Tony watched as he took out another couple of fighters, with a little help from Pepper, then he saw Strange and he wondered if this was it, if this was what he had been talking about all those years ago.
“Yeah well, we were grounded for a month because of it… remember, we’re grounded until Christmas, which sucks because we’re not even allowed to go to the dance,” Harley said his voice close enough to hear his brothers bickering. The phone dropped onto the floor as Harley and Peter went at it, it was funny to listen to them fight like that, because he had never had that chance, he was in the middle, with Hank and Bruce being closer in age they were thick as thieves, but Steve was the baby until Peter came and then Harley.
it was not good. have tony fix it nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
k im really nervous about this but you rlly do mean a lot to me but I rlly fkn suck at expressing shit and don’t understand when ive got the potential to having something as good as someone like you but if I haven’t fucked up yet, could we maybe try being in a relationship? But its ok if you don’t wanna cos I mean its also your choice and I feel like im rambling rn and dk wat to do so im just gonna go
OK but thank to tony for fixing my useless shit and we've all heard the rumour about the new hot guy right?
guess knowing one of your friends has a massive crush on you and shit like that is a big thing to take in esp after all the support ive tried to give you
idk. depends on which ones I have. some motor tics suck ass and I get embarrassed about them or vocal ones, but ya learn to live with it. I’ve had my tics for a good few years now, so I’ve learned to live with them
bruce jsut did the most ugliest snort ive ever witnessed that was glorious fuck steeb im gonna marry bruce.
so long as you’re happy, I don’t care what you’re doing. They havent pressured you into having the ??
yeah. had to deal with male castration anxiety and existentialism and nihilism for about two years. totally didnt' give me my first existential crisis or anything..
TW: There's mentions of mental health issues in this chapter and shitty bosses that don't believe in it. It's briefly mentioned so feel free to skip over that part.
i was going to suggest we have a christmoose party thing like us and our outside probs hetero friends and we could all be happy and shit and then those three are left together?
then said that i shold never tell anyone i said that cos he has to keep a hetero exampel thign what even fkcuing steeb no
he said that thor and bruce ought to do like a workout regime or whatever and then thor can get gayer from seeing bruce actually being surprisingly stronger than anticipated.
idk man. Clints kinda drained form it all. If u could make sure the others don’t bother us so much, that’d be good.
i cant remember if the maximoofs are in Fuck but this one is a stony ranty one and then the three would be exposed to raw stony shit.
because in games there's a thing called quicksilver. and as far as i was aware, it's a powder or something. and if i put magic powder, ppl would think im a stoner or whatever. so had to go with ore.
i feel sorry for your sanity and inm off to sleep and eat all the pies because i have no self control
I don’t wanna bother them if I walk in on them cos they cute. But like. I wanna sleep in my bed and not get cramped sleeping in steeb’s bed cos as comfy as it is, steeb is built like The Rock
we both wanted to be Gucci and she saw the chat was called Gucci squid so she logged into your account and got us both in
yes! he was genuinely a v bad person & was rightfully caught (lmao postie flexed on him) but history (Victorians?) glamourised him & his life so people have a lot of misinformation on him. ive even visited his grave a few times
honestly im surprised hill didn’t kill bucky but she looked more surprised that he actually spoke in lesson
you should take some time off college to try and get some form of rest. Even if its a few periodic naps or something, it;ll be better than nothing
i swear to god if peter quill or peter parker walk itno my room im going to get a flamethrower and burn the fuckers alive
Oh, my mother would enjoy learning about Wanda’s magic. I suspect Fandral and the others would be intrigued in Pietro’s speed too.
ell youre not telling him soemthing so its even? idk maybe talk to him about it? if hes your best friend he'll tell you. trust is just a key thing and since you two are like the bromance of the ages im sure hell tell you.
I mean taht's one way to go about your first conversation with strangers and their weird gay mascot you met and he totally didn't pop a boner when he met you.
iS tHIs bEcAuSE oF tHe bEaNS? What the fuck do u think puny human of course this is because of the beans!
Valkyrie visits Midgard (Earth) every few months or so. She’s so awesome. And could kill you with her little finger.
well I’m glad we got this out the way, I’m gonna watch a movie with your sister P, and maybe keep her over for a while
they too chicken to put two white guys together in a relationship bc they think one previous gay relationship with white guys is enough even tho they barely fucking show them
im sorry I didn’t tell you, I truly am, I just didn’t know how to tell you or how you could take it. I know it’s til the end of the line, but sometimes I worry that there’s something I could do to cut that line short.
Shuri stole some acid and now she and peter and the other science gays are gonna blow something up. or mlet it. whichever comes first.
still its amazing how you managed to get it all sorted out. we're gonna hand out the invites to our friends tomorrow?
BUCKY CLINT PIETRO PLES GET TOGETHER ITS DRIVING US ALL INSANE AND I CANNOT COPE WITH U THREE AND #BORING NOT BEING TOGETHER
I think the guardians band got that virus on their stuff last week and it pissed off drax enough that he yeeted his laptop out the window
I was aiming to get this chapter out on the 1st, but for some reason it would not save unless I copy-pasted in two lines at a time. So yeah. It's been hell. Hope you enjoy!
okokokokok so the patry will be on the 20th and its gonna be us and any of our other friends outside this group
As much as I love learning about my fave hero … he genuinely made a mistake. We shouldn’t invade his privacy like this
Insert sighing emoji here. Anyway, when we were younger something bad happened and he ended up losing an arm. He saved me, but at the cost of losing his left arm.
Clint you're gonna get killed one day. Anyway, he's now got a new sort of prosthetic arm? Idk the details, but yeah, he's got a new metal arm I'm guessing and is coming to college.
so if you two ever hurt him, not only will you have to deal with myself and everyone else in the chat, you’ll also have to deal with him.
he’s really thinking about dropping out bc of loki. Thor mssged me, he’s gonna try and help n do smth abt it.
the dynamic between daryl and connie is actually p nice. If we can’t have a gay ship, then a redeemed guy with a deaf woc is just as good
thor has no idea how to do it so probs gonna ask tony for advice. probably not the best idea he’s ever had
There's Pietro who's got white-silver hair and Peter who has silver hair.They kinda look similar but they're not?
he did not seem to enjoy how I changed his shampoo (dudes, he actually OWNS SHAMPOO????) and put in some salt and whipped cream in there.
Bruce just kinda like.. jumped out of his building???? but caught onto our windowledge and just ??? crawled in ???? then stole my fUCKING tacos???? bitch wait til i hullk the fuck ottu
Guys if we could wait until at least one in the afternoon where we're all awake and half way to functioning then that'd be great.
if this is some way of trying to get me to reveal who they are you're sorely msitaken. i had about 9 cups of coffee before thor attacked me
so i was going to google your name and lowkey stalk you because over protective sister mode activated..
like, im ok being on the sidelines if it means theyre all safe, plus with my vocal tics I’d give our positions away n stuff. Steve talked to me about it, but we both knew I couldn’t be on field
This account will be managed by @thorodinson @drbanner and @pixelboik, check us all out pls we’re desperate gays over here – pixel dust
well since christmoose/christ,moose is just aound the corner, we were thikning that we have a party cos festivities
buckoo is attractive enough that i probably wouldve if I wasnt like having an ansiety attack at the time lololol
@realmatbaynton u awaoke something gay in a generation ily. Tell cbbc to turn comments on so we can simp im sick of simping over on tiktok
1. i knew you would if i didn/t 2. you would get caught and fury would be fury-ous and 3. im highkey terrified of you and dont particularly want a falcon coming to my dorm at like half one in the morning
tldr – jane said the past month had been a bit draining with him and they separated? But theyre still on friendly terms?
well, I can only chalk it up to social anxiousness/tiredness/general nervousness. Maybe just try and get some rest for now?
but then where would I get my amusement from when bucky and the rst of u guys terrify him? Natasha n bucky only have to glance at hjim and he goes running
He is a good person, and he’s had shit done to him, but ever since he’s met you two, he’s become a better person and grown out of his shell
I wanted to see how long itd take for u to actually sneeze and then just like blow up from it cos cmon dude that was the loudest ufcking sneez ive ever heard in my
theres me and shuri (founders) my bf (ScienceBi) our friend MJ (ScienceAce) and Peter Lensherr (SciencePan)
contrary to popular belief, I dislike parties. like. Theyre ok I gues. But they get dull and nothing rlly happens.
I know I'm not the best and I always put my foot in my mouth and all this stupid stuff, but I really do care about you, Pietro.
ok first off, arent you like super fcuking g a y for tony? like so gay it could put me to shame??????????????
because he cannot keep a secret, assuming this is about setting up thor and bruce because theyre pining white boys
I would like u guys to appreciate bucky bc he just walked me to my class and let me have a piggy back an it was awesome
ohonestly this course is a blur i have no clue as to what the fkcu is going on i just wanna have a taco or a chimichanga or however you spellit but wade always steals them with the peter parker dude.
well.jane told me it felt like thor’s heart wasn’t in it? But that she finds it ok because she knows thor better than he knows himself, and that she still wants to be friends with him cos he’s a nice guy (obvs, have you seen him?), but yeah. Drama I guess.
people are intrusive as hell. They’ll do what they can n what they want to try and get all the information that they’re obsessed over
honestly same. That being said. I need maintenance on my arm and youd probably not help it. You wrapped it in tinsel the other day
I know, don't worry. I knew what I was getting in to when I decided to date your tragic ass. Come over and bring pizza?
ooh wait i see where youre oging with that. imma go eat them and burn them. maybe not in that order. idk i havent made my mind up yet.
what would happen if we threw Quill, Parker, Lensherr and Maximoff into a room and made them fight for the ultimate peter name
you’re like. The face of the young avengers, they like your whole neighbourhood spiderman hero thing. Pretty admirable. But you need to remember you’re just a kid, and to know when you’re taking on too many responsibilities
I also noticed he seems to have a bit of a stammer and talks quite fast and sometimes mumbles. it is all very cute and more or less right up clint's street, as it were
do not judge me but i saw this tumblr post thing and it was a queer thing and it was something about how the two character things were called ace and aro (or something along that variation) and they were like something queer is afoot and the other was like yeah its us
no sorry i couldnt stand it any more i need to see how high you ppl go and sam sometimes forgets things
ur not born gay u watch the horrible histories dick turpin song and that turns u gay sorry I don’t make the rules
if we were to try and set htme up together, we should at least wait a month or so for thor to get over the whole getting dumped thing he’s got going on
riight. night tones. get some rest, you need some before you go on and devour the good captain for us
ikik. like, he must be stressed to shit or smth. This @SpiderNews is almost as bad as that Jonah guy who spouts shit in the daily bugle or whatever like bro get a life
We finally have a name to the masked web slinger! Spider-Man’s alleged forename is “Peter”! Any ideas for his surname?
we’re all being evacuated. flash is gonna get yelled at and MJ will prolyl get the footage bc she’s like nat that way.
when i can stop the weird smelling of colours thing and had a few hours sleep ill message what it means. something about guys being insecure about their masculinity if i can remember from that stupid fucking film class.
the clingy thing is just him asking if the SHB (Silver Haired Boy) would stay with him/see him again since Clint has clearly gotten attached to him so now hes worried hes over done it and that hes asked too much too soon.
she’s an evil little shit and teamed up with peter parker. Guy’s like a spider, appears when you least expect it.
I could complain to tony about steeb and nat could complain to steeb about tony and the two would probs meet up and then thor could become a doorstop again
“Thanks. Ridiculous, isn’t it? All the formality and fancy shit,” Tony laughs. “But you know me, I like to throw a good party.”
Disappointed but knowing better than to push, Steve rises as well. “Thanks,” he says before heading out, and Tony nods.
“I don’t know how you find that funny, but it’s good enough for me,” Steve says, a scowl on his face.
Steve leads them, sitting down on the couch and motioning for Bucky to sit next to him. Bucky does, entirely unsurprised when Tony slides up behind him.
Tony’s not great at this relationship thing (Pepper can corroborate), but he’s also not an idiot. Ten days ago Rogers acted like Tony was the scum of the earth, and today was...well.
“Tony invited me,” Bucky replies. God Steve looks amazing, Bucky’s heart aches right now. “If it’s too weird, I’ll go.”
“Tony, for God’s sake,” Steve says, exasperated, but Bucky can see the smile threatening to break free as Tony winds his arms around Bucky’s waist.
"Make sure he knows that if he hurts you, I'll kill him," Bucky says, still smiling. "I'm glad we did this. I think I needed it."
"You didn't drink enough to be this incoherent," Steve points out, which...might be true. "Tony, are you trying to tell me you have feelings for Bucky?"
well tony and Rhodey arent gonna tell us wtf bruce just said yet so I thought id fill in the dead silence
also the fact that shuri and peter are tied at the top of their classes, and ned and mj are tied second, which pisses flash off.
he yeeted himself over a fucking fence to avoid me which was hilarious. And I just nearly saw something id rather live without witnessing
we know about loki. there is no way we could ever imagine hurting him, especially to what extent loki did. we both love him and want him to be happy.
While the Average-Avengers are out of town dealing with the Dumberhood (hi erik!), the Revengers want to take over twitter to make up for the absence (and gain more followers). Enjoy this thread! – Pixel Dust
I think that’s true. You have superpowers, and you decide how you use them, if you use them. You’re responsible for your actions, the choices you make as spiderman. But you’re not even 18. You’re still a child and learning about the world in a whacked sense. Sure you have responsibility of your powers but you’re also responsible for how you handle what responsibilities you take on
I have some things I want to do too & I have something to give to you bc I love you so youre gonna accept it and love me even more
we’d been doing shots before it and he v likes cider and some stuff called Woodpecker? Not my classy shit
deadass. I think watching that ep for the first time was my queer awakening “I was no prince charming” bitch never said I was looking for a prince but come riding on your horse n imma go w u
“We’ll see,” Bucky chuckles, but Tony proves to be as good as his word. He slides an arm around Bucky’s waist as they walk out, which is...nice. Unexpected (maybe it shouldn’t have been), but nice. Tony is a solid presence next to him, fingers looped securely into his belt loops, and Bucky thinks he could probably get used to this.
“Anyway, come by sometime for a drink,” Stark says as he closes up his laptop and sets it aside. “Got some new ideas for jets I didn’t show you I think you’d like to see, too.”
A nod, and Steve complies, the amount of information on the screens overwhelming even after almost fifteen years out of the ice.
Well, that’s that. Bucky pushes down the disappointment he feels; it’s not like Stark would’ve been interested in him anyway.
“Sure,” Steve agrees, twisting his wedding band absentmindedly. “He was my first real...anything. I loved him, but not like I want to go back to him. I love you, Tony. I married you.”
“Not if you say the words, ‘Tony and I would like to date you,’” Tony replies, and Steve can see the barely restrained urge to roll his eyes. It’s a fair point, but he thinks it’d come off better if it came from Tony.
“I’ve got something I need to make right. If you go back, I can make that right too.” He doesn't tell Steve what that something is; he doesn't want to do anything that'd change Steve's mind.
“Once the contract’s signed there won't be any more meetings,” Tony offers after a minute, and Steve lets out a breath.
“That doesn’t change the fact that when I told you what I needed from you, your response was that you didn’t know how to be what I needed.” Steve’s heart
“Yeah.” He looks hesitant, which Tony must notice because he releases his grip and gently pushes Bucky to Steve.
Steve might have said don’t make any decisions, but unless they throw something at him really out of left field, he thinks he knows his answer.
Waiting for him when he reaches the lab, is Tony himself. Steve knows he’s staring, but he can’t quite help himself. He watched Tony die; to see him alive, vibrant and whole, is nothing short of a miracle.
Steve looks at his past self, seeing the small things here and there that he’d done to remind himself of the past; the clothes, music playing softly in the background, no TV.
"Tony said we should talk," is all Steve can manage, the sound of Bucky's voice seeping to the back of his memory and dragging feelings he'd long thought gone back with it. "He said you guys really hit it off, thinks we should reconnect.
“I’d like to think so,” Steve says, because he knows the thought of not seeing Bucky again is unbearable. “Why couldn’t we be?”
He rises carefully from the bed, pressing a kiss to Tony's forehead before he does, and quietly walks to the bathroom. He wishes he had more memories of this place, wishes that he hadn't been such a coward in what feels like an entirely separate life. But the point is that he's here now, he supposes.
“Nah, I’m good here.” Tony huffs out a contented sigh and settles into Steve’s embrace. “So did the conversation that I think happened last night actually happen?”
Well, Tony’s never one to shy away from a project. He gets down to business, the work easy and familiar.
Bucky’s slightly alarmed by the fact that Tony can already see right through his lies, but it seems like Tony’s just genuinely apologetic.
“Yeah?” He tries to muster up some interest, but he really couldn’t care less about whatever woman Stark’s seeing. He feels like that makes him petty, but he’s had enough to drink that he doesn’t care. “You in trouble?”
As they climb back into the waiting car, Stark’s phone goes off. He pulls it out, offering Bucky an apologetic smile. “Other half,” he explains, apparently replying to a text.
He looks over at Tony, who still looks skeptical. Steve sighs and keeps talking, chest twisting as he does. "We were able to bring everyone back, and we were able to defeat him. But it cost us something, cost
The answer, he thinks as he steps onto the elevator to take him up to the penthouse of the tower, is to just talk to Steve. He just doesn’t know if Steve will want to talk, and if he does, if he’ll be honest.
“I am happy for you, Stevie,” he says softly as he pulls back. “Really. That’s all I ever wanted for you.”
"Oh, yeah, you can have dates with him too," Tony replies, turning to look at Bucky and winking. "And yes, I am married."
Tony smirks to himself as he leans in again, deliberately brushing against Rogers this time. The touch sends a spike of electricity through him, which is surprising, but not unwelcome. He rests a hand on Rogers's knee, feeling Rogers jolt under his hand, and this time he can't contain the smirk. Tony's never been one to shy away from new experiences, and certainly never been one to shy away from bed partners, but there's still something about this that's a lot different; Tony feels like if he lets himself go down this road, it'll be for good.
Tony sighs. There’s a part of him that wishes they’d never crossed paths with Bucky; he can see that Steve’s hurting. But, he thinks, that hurt might’ve been there anyway, and Tony might never have known about it. Now he’s got a chance to maybe fix it.
“Just a little place I know,” Stark replies, reaching for the liquor bottle to refill his own glass. They fall into another easy conversation as the car drives, Bucky deciding after another glass of cognac that he‘s definitely working on a crush on Stark. He wonders if Stark’s single.
“Likewise,” Stark says with a smile, which doesn’t make sense, but Bucky brushes it off. He’s sure his superiors mentioned his background before coming here. “Shall we?”
me to sleep with Bucky?” Steve asks, and Tony’s just made a huge mess of this talk. He doesn’t think he actively
“You’re worth waiting for,” Rogers replies, and goddamn if he isn’t basically perfect. Tony feels like he’s taken a lot of leaps of faith today, but breaking the mood doesn’t feel like a good idea just yet.
“No, no,” Steve says quickly, sensing this as an opening to try to connect with Tony. “Just all gets a little overwhelming, sometimes. All this new technology, it’s like I got dropped into a science-fiction movie.”
Two hours are all Steve manages to last before caving. He's doing this because Tony thinks he should, he tells himself as he picks up the phone and dials. Not because he wants to.
"No, I'm good," Steve says, and Bucky can tell he's still got his eyes closed, silently berating himself for not having this conversation instead of Tony. "Just do me a favor and don't make any decisions until you get here?"
“Captain Barnes,” Stark says in greeting, a smile on his face as he extends a hand for Bucky to shake.
Well, no sense in dwelling. When the end of the day comes he packs up his computer and his tablet, and definitely doesn’t take the long way to the coffee shop.
Tony hears the badly disguised longing in Steve’s voice. “You miss him,” he says, not sure if that makes him feel insecure or not; after all, he’s the one Steve married. If Steve still had feelings for Bucky, he can’t believe they’d have gone on this long without Steve doing something about them.
Rogers seems to hesitate before leaving, which is still weird. It’s like he thinks of them as friends, but is trying to pretend he doesn’t. Tony wouldn’t even go so far as to consider them anything beyond acquaintances, but he can admit that Rogers is a good guy, despite the disappointingly north facing moral compass and poor taste in armor.
Preparing to travel to 1945 takes hardly any time. Steve finds some era appropriate clothing and packs a bag, ready to go back and find Peggy. Right as he's ready to depart, he hesitates.
“Goddamn you,” Steve lets out a long breath, the fight leaving him now too. “Goddamn you, Bucky.” He lets out a mirthless laugh. “We were so stupid.”
"I know," Tony agrees, but this is at least more in line with what he knows about Rogers. "Still seems weird, Rogers, but fine. I can accept that."
“I’m from the future,” Steve says after a moment, hearing how ridiculous it sounds, but it’s true, so he keeps going. “I’m you. I’m from your future.”
“Hey. Question.” Tony tosses his shirt in the direction of the closet. Steve looks over, and god, Tony loves him. He’s just...Steve. He’s perfect.
With a smile on his face, he recalibrates the time travel bracelet Tony made, and disappears into the quantum realm.
A sign proclaiming “Stark-Rogers Wedding” appears as he walks into the roped off area, which sends a twinge through him; count on a wedding to remind him of Steve. He takes a seat in the chairs, fiddling with the buttons on his sleeve as the rest of the guests fill in and the ceremony starts.
That doesn’t fit with what Tony knows about Steve, but then again, Steve was a lot younger back then.
“It’s great,” Bucky replies, clapping Tony on the shoulder. “Does this mean I’m on my own with our project while you two honeymoon?”
He's not sure why it's so important to him to figure out what Rogers is hiding. Maybe it's because he doesn't like not knowing things, maybe it's because he's finding Rogers increasingly attractive and boy if that isn't something he never thought he'd say.
"Tell me something," Tony asks after a moment. "Assuming this is all true, when did you come back? What day?"
Maybe it’s nothing. Tony doesn’t think it’s nothing, but without any more information, he can’t draw any conclusions.
Nothing quite like compounding that disappointment. Bucky nods; he has no reference point at all. “Well congrats,” he manages, and he thinks he’s doing a decent job of disguising his feelings.
He hadn’t wanted to leave; it was a bluff he’d hoped Bucky would call. When he didn’t, Steve knew that was his answer.
Bucky's just confused now. It sounds like Tony's saying that he and Steve want to date him, which doesn't make sense, because they're married. To each other.
Steve turns to look at him with a smile. “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me, Tony. I love you for even being willing to think about something like this.”
“Yeah, never been a fan of letting stuff wait,” Tony says, deliberately offhand. Rogers just nods, seeming to wait for a cue. Tony can’t put his finger on why Rogers is different, but if he didn’t know better he’d swear this isn’t the same man he fought aliens with two weeks ago.
“You mentioned a chance to get that dance. Are you saying you can go back to her?” Steve asks, clearly taking the point immediately.
So now, standing on the time travel platform, having said goodbye to Bucky, Sam, and Bruce, Steve was ready. Ready for another chance - another
“He behaved,” Bucky says before Steve can say anything, stepping away from Tony, who shoots him a look. “Couldn’t stop that, though.”
“It’s fine if you miss him, Steve,” he finally says. “Seems like he misses you too. You don’t want to try to reconnect?”
“Tony,” Steve sighs. “I’m not going to say you can’t be friends with him. Trust me when I say no one would understand why you want to better than me.”
“I said you were right. I’m not here to argue with you, Steve. I told you, I’m happy for you, you’re obviously happy, and I don’t want to ruin your night.”
Steve can’t imagine a world in which Hydra being gone isn’t better, but he’s never considered any other alternative.
Bucky takes the phone off speaker and brings it up to his ear. "Hey, Steve. Is this really the conversation I think I'm having, or is Tony trying to figure out if you'd cheat on him with me?"
As he heads back downstairs and out of the building, Bucky realizes he’s looking forward to it a lot more than he would’ve expected.
Sinking into the couch, he sighs. This was ridiculously impulsive, and now he’s starting to see all the risks.
Steve takes a few days before he reaches out to Bucky; the thought is overwhelming and stressful in ways he isn’t really comfortable acknowledging. He’d come into work today to a myriad of congratulations, which feel just a little hollow right now.
“Yep. Went over some new jet designs; as long as they’re approved, and they will be because they’re mine, we’ll sign a contract next week.”
“Could’ve been worse,” Tony replies with a shrug. “Was sorry to see you leave, but I get it. Small world, though.”
Bucky nods. “I think I’d be stupid to turn this down, honestly. What- I mean, how do you envision this?”
"Best you'll ever get," he agrees, standing up and motioning for Rogers to join him. He hesitates a beat before offering, "Hey. I could use some input on some new designs for the rest of the team. You'd- well your input would be helpful, considering that your suit's already been tested."
Even so, familiarity only goes so far when the door to “your” apartment opens and you literally stare yourself in the face.
"Nice view?" he asks, making Rogers jump. There's a flush on his cheeks. Tony parks the car and turns in the seat to face Rogers. "When we get up to the lab, you're explaining what the hell is going on."
Bucky nods before remembering Tony can't see him. "Sounds good," he says. He hangs up, and starts getting dressed. When he walks out of the building, Tony's waiting for him in a flashy looking car. He gets in, and Tony just smiles at him, which is...weird. Something's definitely up.
“Anyway, the point is that I can improve your suit so you’re more bulletproof, but without compromising all the...” Tony gestures vaguely, hands twirling a bit. “That stuff, you do. I can also magnetize the gauntlets to recall the shield after you frisbee it at bad guys.”
Which is, of course, unproductive. Steve loves Tony, and isn't interested in a life that Tony isn't in. Eventually the feelings will dissipate.
Steve’s quiet for a long time. “You’re worried I still have feelings for him,” he says, a statement rather than a question, but Tony feels like it’s a question. He shrugs, moving back to sit on the armrest of Steve’s chair and gently carding a hand through his hair.
. He's not entirely sure why, but this whole lunch felt like a betrayal, even though Tony was technically the one who suggested it. Maybe it's because of the nature of their breakup; neither one of them apparently wanted the other to go. Steve knows, in a tiny corner of his mind, deep down where he can't quite acknowledge it, that if it weren't for Tony, he'd probably want to work things out with Bucky and try again.
But of course Tony seeks him out. Bucky pulls him into a hug, because really, he’s happy for Tony, and Steve is mercifully absent.
“I’m sorry,” he finally gasps, still dazed; this must be why time travelers don’t talk to their past selves. They go insane.
After an hour, Steve’s phone chimes with a text from Tony. He glances at it and flips the phone over while flipping the switch to silence it.
A shrug is all Tony can manage at first. “Honestly, no idea. Sounds like I should be, but you not hurting is more important than me being jealous. I think you should at least talk to him, Steve.”
He thinks it helps that Steve and Bucky don't really flirt (they do, but nothing excessive or anything that's ever made him uncomfortable), don't really touch on their shared past, and rarely does Tony feel like a third wheel. He’s never felt like one in a romantic sense, but there’s always that keen feeling of missing something when two old friends share an inside joke, which he'd never blame either of them for. It's impossible to have a history and not make other people feel left out of that loop once in awhile.
"Explain it to me, then," Bucky retorts. "Because it sounds to me like you're saying you want a relationship with me. And Steve. And I'm not sure if I need to hit you for this or not."
Bucky finds weddings in general to be boring; not that he doesn’t like the idea of two people celebrating their love, but they’re always so over the top. He looks up to the altar, surprised to see Tony’s not up there; while he’s far from a wedding expert, movies have taught him the groom’s always waiting up front.
"He's threatening me, isn't he?" Bucky guesses, but when Steve looks up, he's smiling. "You look really happy, Stevie. I'm really happy for you. I mean it."
That's an odd request; he's only ever spent time with Tony and Steve lately, it's rare that Tony spends time with him alone unless it's work related. He wonders if something's up.
Which led him to today. He was in the back of a military vehicle, on his way to meet with the famed Tony Stark, widely considered one of the most brilliant engineers in the world and one of the most notable philanthropists. Stark routinely provided the Air Force with consults and upgrades, everything environmentally friendly and sustainably produced. Stark’s company allegedly had zero carbon footprint, which Bucky found pretty incredible.
"I think we should," Steve finally says, even though he's split on whether or not he actually thinks he can handle this. "If nothing else, I think we both need some closure. Just coffee, nothing fancy, no pressure. If you want."
"Okay," he finally says. "That's...Steve, that's a lot to take in. You're telling me that in eleven years, I die?"
“Well.” Tony claps his hands and stands up. “That’s all I need then, Cap, you can head to wherever they’re playing bingo.”
Tony doesn’t wait long to head home after Bucky’s gone; he still isn’t sure how to deal with this. He knows this wasn’t something he could’ve anticipated, but he still feels like he should’ve.
to support you!” Bucky hisses, eyes narrowed. “Steve, I was ready to take a third job to help put you through that fucking school. Maybe I wasn’t always around, or always the best boyfriend, but I was trying the best way I could to make sure you could keep going to school because your happiness was important to me.”
“I know, it seems stupid now. I didn’t leave because I didn’t love him, which is why I get it if you want to be friends. He’s a good guy.”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Stark.” Bucky accepts the hand and shakes, smiling as well. “Heard a lot about you.”
This seems to give Steve pause. Steve can see the wheels turning in his counterpart’s head, can see the logic falling into place, but the suspicion doesn’t totally disappear.
“Hey,” Bucky replies, passing over a cup of coffee. “On me. As long as your tastes haven’t changed.”
“No emergency, unless you count that travesty of a suit you wear,” Tony quips, and Steve can’t help but smile.
It’s not a terrible thought. It’s not even not-a-terrible-thought; the thought of Tony looking at him like that makes his whole body warm. And if he did this, he’d have a chance to be with Steve again.
, Tony. You sacrificed yourself to destroy him. I'm here because I couldn't live in a world without you in it. I couldn't live in a world where you were gone, even though I knew you didn't regret it. So I came back here."
"That's fine." Steve sighs, and they exchange numbers and set a place to meet the following afternoon. Steve just hopes this doesn't turn out to be a big mistake.
“Yeah, this was a bad idea,” Bucky sighs, taking a long drink from his coffee. “You’re not here because you want to be. Tell Tony that once our contract’s signed he can lose my number, I won’t bother you guys again.” He sets the cup down and moves to stand; Steve reaches out to grip his arm instinctively.
A long groan escapes him and he lays back down, because this conversation was a lot easier in his head. He isn't even sure what he means. Yes, Bucky's a good fit with them, yes he thinks Bucky's attractive (who wouldn't), yes he thinks that Steve and Bucky complement each other well, but does that mean he wants a relationship with them? And for them to have one with him? Or does it work independently of everyone and they're some kind of weird not-love triangle?
Steve isn't sure if this is one of those times where revealing the future messes things up. "I don't know a lot about time travel, Tony, what if I say something that changes the future?"
Steve opts to take Bucky at his word - there's no sense in not, and he knows if Bucky really didn't want to come, he wouldn't. He considers offering to drive Bucky, but it's not like Bucky's never been there, and he wonders if a mental break is a good idea anyway.
Bucky awakes to the sound of his phone ringing; he groans, and rolls over to silence it, when he sees Tony's name on the caller ID. For a moment he debates silencing it, but it could be important.
Which brings up another moral dilemma. Hydra. If things go the way they did in his past (which is also now his future), that means Hydra will infiltrate S.H.I.E.L.D. and take it over.
“Sometimes pushing helps things.” Tony huffs out a breath. “Haven’t seen the gym downstairs yet, have you? All new equipment, I bet you’d love it.”
Rogers had also sat extremely close to him; far too close for someone that seemed to hate his guts a week ago.
“Fake punch something, don’t just wave,” he calls out. Rogers flushes, which is a check in the ‘Tony Wins’ column. The tests all check out with just a few tweaks needed, but watching Rogers fake fight nothing is amusing, so he lets it go on an extra moment.
“Because I can prove it,” Steve replies, confident now. “I can tell you the last thing you said before you went into the ice.”
"A note saying I'm in here?" Steve asks, confused. Tony shakes his head, walking over and throwing the paper at him.
“So!” Tony claps his hands. “New suit’s over there, do me a favor and go try it on. I have tests we need to run.”
Bucky isn’t sure what the hell he did to deserve this, but fuck the universe. Fuck him for thinking this was a good idea.
Their hands are still clasped; Tony wonders if Rogers ever has plans to let go. Rogers leads them to the elevator, instructing JARVIS not to let anyone into Tony’s penthouse, and there’s something odd about that but then he’s pressed up against the wall of the elevator again and most of his coherent thought is driven away.
Once the note is tucked under Tony's hand, Steve heads out to the expansive den of the penthouse and grabs a tablet to do some research. He needs to know what's different about this timeline, needs to know if there's anything he can find about Hydra (he deliberately avoids thinking about Peggy) infiltrating SHIELD.
Tony notices that after the suit is finished, Rogers is around more; he seems to make a point of "dropping in" for lunch, or a drink, with the excuse that he wants to make sure Tony's not just holing himself up in his lab.
“What?” Steve asks, sounding scandalized, which is exactly the reaction Tony didn’t want. He winces.
Steve just nods, staring at Bucky with an unreadable expression on his face. Or maybe Bucky’s pretending he can’t read it because if he could it’d hurt too much.
“So you don’t think I’m cheating on you,” Steve says slowly, pushing himself up onto an elbow to look at Tony, and really, Tony's never noticed how interesting the ceiling pattern is, “but you’re asking if I am anyway?”
It’s the most difficult hour of Bucky’s life. He knows he can’t leave, even though he wishes he could; Tony couldn’t have known that his now husband (the thought makes Bucky’s stomach twist) and his new friend have the past they have.
Tony immediately melts into it; the sensation’s like nothing he’s ever felt before, with anyone. Rogers is insistent, pressing Tony back against the wall of the elevator, hands still clasped, driving a surprised and definitely not desperate gasp from him.
Steve’s arms wind around Bucky’s waist as Tony kisses him. Steve holds him close, and Bucky realizes that maybe this wasn’t where he thought he’d end up that day Steve walked out, but in the end, it was the best thing that could’ve happened to him. As they all settle together on the couch, he knows he wouldn’t have his life any other way.
He’s sure it’s because Steve felt like he was ditching Tony, but a tiny part of him feels like it was because Steve missed him.
“Jets, huh? That means you were with Bucky.” Steve doesn’t sound jealous, or...anything, really. Tony sees no reason to hide it, but he wasn’t going to go out of his way to bring it up. He hums an agreement, and Steve just nods.
“Maybe it wasn’t just for Tony,” Steve says, which confuses the hell out of Bucky. “Glad to know that you’re too much of a coward to see me, though.”
At that, Tony’s expression softens, just a bit. “Sure. I guess you did, in a way. Of course your whole life is practically a sci-fi movie.”
“You’re a menace,” Tony groans. Rogers chuckles, more insistent now, like he thinks Tony will disappear if he stops.
“Well this is awkward,” Tony interjects, looking between the two of them. “Steve, did I invite an ex to our wedding or something?”
“I know.” Where Steve is now, he’s...well he’s not sorry he left Bucky, because of what he gained, but it’s hard not to wonder where they’d be if he hadn’t. “I’m sorry I hurt you, Buck. For what it’s worth, I didn’t- I was hoping you’d tell me to stay.”
“About that.” Tony climbs off Steve’s lap and pulls another chair over to sit. “What happened between you two? I think if I know that, it’ll help me decide if this is a friendship that doesn’t go past this project.”
"God, Tony," he sighs, head dropping back on the sofa as he turns to look at Tony. "I really don't want to fuck everything up."
“Nothing in particular.” Steve sets the sketchbook aside and pulls Tony onto his lap. “Good day? Wasn’t expecting you for awhile.”
“Thanks,” Stark replies, answering another text and then stowing the phone away. “Got plans? Come join us.”
“Who are you?” Steve demands, menacing, and Steve wonders if this is worth laughing over. The blow to his head that he gave...himself, must’ve given him a concussion.
He knows exactly where he’s going; even though it’s been nine years since he lived in this particular apartment, Brooklyn is indelibly ingrained into Steve’s memory.
“Can’t complain,” Bucky lies, but there’s some truth in it. He hasn’t been wallowing, anyway. Tony arches an eyebrow.
It's fine. He'll figure it out. For now, he's just...going to go along for the ride and see what happens.
As time passes, Tony thinks they settle into a comfortable routine; Steve and Bucky spent weeks dancing around each other before Tony finally exclaimed that he didn’t care that they still had feelings for each other, because he doesn’t. They'd relaxed a little after that.
“Steve,” Bucky sighs, the fight seeming to leave him, “Steve, goddamnit, I’m sorry, okay? God, Steve I lov- I loved you so fucking much, I would’ve done anything for you. I thought you really meant it, and I thought I deserved you leaving me.”
When Tony left work for work this morning, he'd specifically mentioned that Bucky wasn’t going to be there today, so at least if Steve calls him he won’t be talking to Bucky and Tony.
“It’s worked fine so far,” Steve counters, reminding himself that he has to stifle the familiarity right now.
“Not if you’re going to be mad at me for it.” Tony takes a long drink of coffee, sighing appreciatively. “I don’t know how it tastes so much better when you brew it.”
Steve looks like he’s holding back a lot of emotion. Bucky can’t (doesn’t want to) read it. “Thanks,” he says, just as soft. “It would be nice if you stayed.”
Remembering that leap of faith he feels like he took earlier, Tony sits on the stool next to Rogers and pulls it close enough so their legs brush. He watches as Rogers stifles a reaction, and doesn't move away. He leans over into Rogers's personal space to punch in a few things on the computer, not surprised when Rogers doesn't pull back.
“You know I never stopped loving you either, you punk.” The admission actually helps. Steve feels like they’re on the same page with how they feel, which might make it easier to work through it.
The end of the following week finds Bucky again, on his way to Stark Industries for a meeting with Tony. They’ve exchanged texts as per usual, and neither of them had brought up the encounter at the wedding.
It’s almost like old times. Bucky talks about his time in the military and Steve talks about his own work, not all that surprised when Bucky listens with rapt attention. Steve thinks he’s trying to make up for seeming disinterested all those years ago.
"You love him. That's what people that love each other do," Tony says, because that seems to make the most sense right now. "I honestly don't know. It's just been stuck in my head, that you should, that you need to, and maybe I wouldn't mind it because I can see why you love him or something. Maybe I'm just too drunk."
There's a part of him that wants to run; it'd be easier. Never see Tony again (which would hurt), never see Steve again (which would hurt more, but is probably best in the long run) and just get over everything.
True to his word, Stark calls him a week later, inviting Bucky out to a club for a casual, non business outing. Bucky doesn’t hesitate to meet him; they’ve exchanged some friendly texts here and there since their first meeting, and Bucky’s (not really) surprised to realize he likes Stark, a lot. He thinks he can consider Stark a friend now.
that Tony can’t help but smile. He walks up, silent, and bends down to kiss Steve’s cheek. Steve doesn’t even flinch, instead turning his head to capture Tony’s lips.
“So yes?” Steve asks. Tony listens hard for anything that might indicate Steve doesn’t want it, but he’s got nothing.
Rogers just sighs, seeming to debate internally for a long moment before answering. "I just- I feel like I missed a chance to get to know you better. You're a good guy, Stark, and I'd like it if we could be friends."
“Can I?” Bucky asks softly, and when Steve nods, Bucky leans forward and pulls Steve into a gentle kiss. Steve immediately relaxes into it, and it’s still familiar even after all these years.
“Oh I know. But I don’t know what to do about that. I do, however, know what to do about the million projects. Sleep is for the weak.”
He receives a nod in reply. Steve steps back to allow him in, and really, he should’ve seen the blow to the head coming.
"Look, just- just finish breakfast with him, and then will you come back to the tower so we can talk in person?" Steve asks. "It- this wasn't how I told him to do this. Yes, we talked about it and I know what he's asking you. I thought it'd be better if it came from him, I didn't expect him to be...like this."
The meeting is long, but productive; they talk for enough time that Bucky loses track, segueing from business to slightly more personal topics without even a slight hitch in conversation. Stark’s a good conversationist, and Bucky’s actually disappointed when the meeting winds down.
