In his head, he can already see his brother’s classic bitch face overwhelming all his features.
P. S. Drop a comment to let me know your thoughts and predictions, and tell me if you're excited to see how the rut finally ends…
“Dean,” the omega names himself softly, though the scene around them is chaos. The wolf shuffles uneasily, muzzle to the ground. Where is the injured human? When was he moved? Are those the sounds of sirens?
“You know,” he said, attempting to sound casual, “I grew up in Nickel Springs. That’s only two towns over.”
Dean opens his eyes.
“What can I do?” he asked curiously. “You’re his editor, Anna. He’s never worked with anyone else.”
Dean had missed a call from Ellen yesterday, but he’d been in a potion-induced nap. When he woke up, he figured she was just calling to see how he was feeling, and had forgotten to call her back. “I’ll call her later.”
Forty minutes later, his reading glasses were slipped to the edge of his nose and he was in an excellent grading rhythm whenever the door cracked open. Castiel looked up, panicked—Dean was early, by nearly twenty minutes. It had been over a month and Dean had never been early. Castiel had meant to pack up his belongings and have them safely tucked away by the time their session began. He shuffled his papers frantically, searching for his folder. The gesture knocked over his cup of coffee, the contents spilling all over the jacketed edition of
Dean moans again, this time just from sheer possessiveness…the feeling of being so deeply desired, so wanted by his alpha. It’s intoxicating. The scent of Cas floods his taste buds like the drizzle of melted chocolate, creamy and decadent and irresistible on his tongue, and he buries his nose into the crook of the alpha’s neck and breathes in.
“Why did I kiss you?”
Castiel 1:13 AM >>
—Dean would have resisted strictly on principal, either staying slouched in the doorway or hovered near the desk. But he wanted to be here, to be closer to Castiel, to let his eyes linger over his dark, tousled hair and pink lips and—
His eyes fly open.
“It’s cool, Cas. Moon Eyes Hannah and that Balthazar Douche aren’t exactly gonna make my Christmas list, but they’re friends of yours, so—” Dean sighs and grips his water glass, swiping at the gathering condensation with his thumbs. “I probably overreacted.”
“And they say romance is dead,” Sam said.
It hits him then. They’re still on stage, with thousands of people in the audience are on their feet, watching the spectacle with gasps and exclamations and claps. He takes a small step backwards, giving their mouths space, and leans his forehead against Dean’s.
“Seriously?”
Once the initial ceremony is in full swing, the torches are lowered and the family members are called. Sam and Dean are standing in the glow of the flames, expression solemn—mirror images of one another, Castiel thinks. He digs his paw into the loose soil, fidgety and uncomfortable, until Pamela finishes the official monologue relayed at every pack funeral. After several days stuck as a wolf, on the verge of his losing his humanity until Dean brought him back, the alpha finds that he…dislikes being in this form again. At least for now.
“Believe it or not, Dean, I’m the only one who will tell you the truth. Castiel has a future at this company, maybe he’ll even have my job someday. But…” Another dramatic pause, and Dean wanted to reach through the phone and wring Zachariah’s neck. “Not with you around. You’re draining him, confusing him. You’re only bringing him down.”
And, Dean admitted against his better judgment, really fucking cute.
“What the hell, Cas!” Dean bounds forward, taking a large step, but Castiel forces himself to withdraw, back aligning with the headboard. “You’re in a rut and you didn’t tell me!”
But his ability to scent is still magnified, impossibly honed from spending days and days as a wolf, and he puts his nose to the ground and finds it instantly. The scent of sage, of omega, of Dean.
“Thought we weren’t drinking tonight,” Castiel says, mostly kidding.
The phone slid out of his hand and Dean took over, the quilt wrapped around him like a cape. He heard the news from Anna before asking questions about funeral arrangements, about what they could do to help or donate. He listened with somber attention, placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and caressing his skin gently. Castiel said nothing but still leaned into the touch, realizing with a jolt of panic that—throughout this ordeal—Dean would be the only one keeping him grounded. What would happen if Dean ever left him?
“We drove twenty hours, Dean, and rented a room for three nights. I figured my chances were pretty high.” Castiel leaned in closer, biting Dean’s earlobe and kissing his neck. “Would you agree?”
He always had some time to kill on Fridays, between teaching his two o’clock American lit class and his five o’clock session with Dean. Today’s class had been particularly lively, and he was pleased that his students were enjoying Hemingway’s more provocative writing. Though Castiel usually taught outside of the classic canon whenever possible—everyone had read their fair share of straight, white male authors—he still had a particular fondness for Hemingway and Faulkner. He always managed to squeeze them into one unit, even in a rushed summer course like this.
The words stung, but Dean didn’t drop his hand. “Nope, sorry. Request denied. Whatever it is, you’re not handling it alone.”
Crowley whistles, walking around in a circle. “Now, who told you such a salacious little rumor?”
Dean 3:20 AM >
Gabriel.
other men—”
Dean hums in agreement. They’ve suspected this for years…it isn’t a new theory by any means, just one they simply haven’t proven yet.
“Right here?”
“Good for you,” Zachariah answered glibly. “Maybe you can waste your time fluffling up the egos of moderately-successful authors, like my father did. But I’m the publisher, Anna, and I take the role seriously. I don’t have time to wrangle authors or deal with their temper tantrums. I have to think about the big picture.” His eyes glinted towards Castiel. “Castiel understands that, he’s always been the reasonable one. There’s a hierarchy here and he knows well-enough to follow orders.”
Castiel’s office had immediately been one of Dean’s favorite places in their home, ‘cause it was
“Right. Except…” She pauses for effect, eyes shifting from Cas to Dean, then Sam and Bobby. “All I wanted was for things to go back to the way they were. No gates of hell, no grand plots, no dying.” She smiles, her light pink lipstick stretched across her lips. “The old days, when it was all baby blood, all the time.”
who tries to talk him off a ledge right now. Still, his brother’s expression is crestfallen and he shakes his head, trying to recover some brain function. “Look, I...I didn’t mean that. It’s just—” He attempts to concentrate on breathing through his nose, but fails, his chest heaving. “I told Dad that Cas wasn’t running, okay? But apparently I don’t know him as well I fucking thought I did.”
for it, in fact, he was filled with apprehension at the thought of being rejected by someone he wanted so badly.
Dean as much as Dean wants him.
“I’m glad you’re feeling better.” His fingers trail over Castiel’s spine soothingly, and Cas hums in agreement.
smooth and warm and angular and strong, skin he had believed thirty seconds ago that he might never caress again.
“Well, we should probably get back—”
He felt sheepish afterwards, toweling off and getting dressed, buzzing with anticipation. Tonight was Dean’s book reading at the Roadhouse—Ellen and Jo’s bar that Castiel had yet to visit. He was looking forward to having a few drinks and chatting with Dean’s friends, who were quickly becoming
“No, I-I wanna come with you,” he said, gasping. “Come here.”
“Cas…” Dean went to him, crouching down low, placing his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Cas, look at me.”
Wrapped in the dim light of the curtain, Cas’ hand traveled to Dean’s lip. Dean parted for him without hesitation, licking his lips and the edge of Castiel’s thumb. The alpha gasped gently and Dean felt his heartbeat, loud and forceful as a sledgehammer, making his limbs shake with nerves. He had never wanted to kiss anyone as badly as he wanted to kiss Cas.
Castiel hums in agreement, unsure of what else to say. They start heading towards the center of the compound, to a small but handsome cabin with a wraparound porch. “Was this my father’s house?”
“So, what?” Sam said, voice rising and skeptical, following Dean towards the barn. “You’re not a writer anymore? Just a full-time farmer?”
“Yours,” he replied, vulnerability evident in his voice, and it was all the confirmation Castiel needed. Their relationship had begun so unconventionally that they didn’t feel the need to talk everything out, to put all their emotions into words. Their unspoken connection had established a profound and lasting bond, an acute understanding and love that other mated alpha and omegas merely dreamed of.
He was shivering when he walked up two flights of stairs and threw open the door to his apartment. It was still raining, torrentially so, and Castiel had been caught in it for blocks. He was shaking from the wet clothes and dropping temperature and all-consuming flood of memory and emotion. He needed to get out of these damp clothes, but first, went to the kitchen and put the kettle on. He had just put it down and turned the burner on when his front door swung open.
Dean snorts, seemingly with equal amusement and embarrassment. “Yeah, true.” He takes a gulp of air and looks his alpha squarely in the eye. “I meant every word of it, okay? I’ve been so lost on you for so long… I can’t believe you’d ever doubt it.”
Dean nodded agreeably. “Cool. What’s his name?”
hopes they get the chance to be.
He hasn’t visited the food bank in a while, but Charlie has integrated their new system beautifully. They spent several weekends this winter structuring their new process, working out the kinks and planning the best way to ration the shared food so orphans and elderly receive the largest portions. Bringing Charlie in on the project was a no-brainer for Dean—between her giving nature and instincts with technology, they’re ushering the pack into the twenty-first century.
“Unfortunately I have a previous engagement.” He circles back around to face Dean fully, speaking so closely that their noses brush. “But I’ll find you after.” He sinks his hand down to Dean’s growing erection, cupping it gingerly through the denim. The omega gasps at the sudden contact. “Save
intended to return to Tennessee, and only agreed because Anna and Chuck spoke so highly of Dean. But Castiel was forming a different opinion. Either Dean was a rude asshole, or he was in such a state of disorder that he had forgotten about their meeting. Whatever it was had Castiel fuming. He packed up his computer, slung his messenger bag over his shoulder, and walked towards the door.
Dean scowled, nearly growling in irritation, and stared straight ahead without answering. He decided right then and there that—whatever information Charlie had kept from him—she’d spent four months on-and-off in the company of Crowley. That had been punishment enough.
“I’m an idiot for thinking someone like that would want to be friends with me,” Castiel grumbles self-deprecatingly. He’s having a pity party and he knows it, but he’s never quite been this let down by someone before. He feels rejected by someone whose approval he not only wanted, but craved.
“Dean,” he said, letting the word hang meaningfully in the air.
Like, fucking
It was nearly three o’clock in the morning when he had finally drifted off to sleep, curling around a pillow that smelled faintly like Dean, dreaming of arms wrapped around him and whispers of love in his ear.
This was, hands down, the worst day ever.
“Dude,” she exclaims in disbelief, eyeballing his new wardrobe, “did it get...
The words returned to Castiel immediately:
“Yes,” Castiel replies, voice rumbling. “Let me make you feel good?”
“Oh,” Sam says blankly, though his expression is a mix of awkward disgust. “That’s, um…I know alpha and omega mates do that, but it’s kinda gross and private, dude. Why would you tell me that?”
Castiel trailed off, uncertain. Dean wondered if it made Cas uncomfortable that a stranger seem to know everything about him, while Castiel was just meeting him for the first time.
“That’s bullshit.” Dean takes a large swallow, the whiskey burning in his throat making him feel like coughing. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Dean—” Sam says, his own face slack with worry and fear.
not just the wild sex type of want but the romantic, together-forever type of want, and fuck if that isn’t the best news he’s heard in a long ass time. He creaks around the house softly, stir crazy in a way he can’t quite identify, but when he finally retrieves his nearly dead phone from his discarded jeans in the bathroom, he realizes why.
“Jesus, Cas...you are ridiculously hot,” he mumbled, a comment seemingly more to himself than to Castiel.
But who, apparently, had known him for fifteen years.
And...there’s that growl again. Fuck, it shouldn’t be hot, watching Cas all posturing and protective and tense as hell.
Distantly, in the farthest corners of his mind, Dean knew there were other people around. Nearly a dozen on stage, a good hundred or two in the audience. But it was all peachy keen as far as he was concerned, ‘cause no one mattered in that moment except for Cas. It would’ve taken literal, physical force to make him look away from the alpha at this point and he realized, with a sort of delayed self-awareness, that his eyes were wet. He was tearing up at the intensity of this whole thing, even fighting a sense of vertigo, and fuck if that wasn’t a little embarrassing. He wasn’t some weak little omega, and he wasn’t afraid of earning himself a dozen more black eyes as long as he got that point across to anybody who thought otherwise. But when the pad of Castiel’s thumb edged to the corner of his eye, wiping a stray tear away, he finally understood. Understood that being with an alpha,
it? Because they
“You know I’m kidding, right?” Her expression is open, earnest. “You’re legit one the smartest people I know. And I’m friends with the hackers who basically invented the Dark Web.”
“Of course,” Zachariah said, a derisive bite in his tone. “It’s not our usual conference room, sadly, but this is all I can offer on a Sunday morning house call. Shall we make use of my father’s old dining room furniture before it’s picked up for donations?”
Dean exhaled sharply and shuttered. “Cas...you-you still want me to show you what I like?”
Dean stood then, feeling a surge of adrenaline. “I’ll do it right now. I’ll go to the motel—”
His senses immediately felt overloaded. Cas’ lips were plump and sweet, the stubble on his cheek a strange sort of friction that Dean found invigorating. The kiss was incredibly chaste, but Cas was gripping Dean’s back tightly, as if the angel was barely holding it together. Dean pulled away, completely dazed, wondering how Cas had the ability to make him feel like a teenager again. Cas parted his lips, probably to say something, but Dean kissed him instead—this time deeply. He zeroed in on Cas’ lower lip and pillowed it between his own, taking time to gently suck, building up more and more pressure just to stop and start again. Cas was responding in earnest, pushing Dean against the bartop in a way that made Dean shiver. He eventually pulled back to breathe, but Cas deciphered the pause as an invitation and placed his mouth on Dean’s exposed neck. Dean closed his eyes, feeling the hot drag of lips on his neck, of
“Whatever,” Dean grumbled. Even though he didn’t glance up, Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes rolling. The defiant tone made Castiel’s irritation return tenfold.
Castiel wakes with the dawn, sunlight streaming down through the windows of…
“So,” Castiel said softly, staring at the growing flames.
Children of the River
true.” Mr. Lowry narrowed his eyes at Dean, and Castiel realized they were all dancing around the reality of Edward’s death. For a zealous Christian family, a legacy of homosexuality and violence wasn’t a favorable one.
“I thought you were opening the gates of hell,” Sam calls out, as confused as the rest of them.
They ate together at the dining room table, which was an unfamiliar experience to Castiel at this point—his apartment was so small he couldn’t even fit a bistro table. The pasta was delicious, the bread drenched in butter, and the marinara sauce was simmering hot with a hint of red pepper…reminding Castiel of Dean’s scent. The omega had a remarkable aroma that he was getting used to being imbued with, familiar as the hand on his knee and the sight of Dean laughing as he swirled his spaghetti. There were traces of sauce smearing the corners of his mouth and shadows under his eyes from their shared lack of sleep, but sitting beside him now, Castiel thought no person had ever looked so beautiful.
“I can picture you here,” Dean is saying thoughtfully. Cas looks up, jolted from his internal spiral, and spots Dean—who has momentarily abandoned his pile and is admiring the view out the bay window, looking down six stories and into the street below. “The light…the view…”
Castiel pulled away for air but kept their foreheads touching, his hands wandering the curve of Dean’s lower back. And then he spoke just one word, the first and only word Dean had ever heard him say.
Jo snorts. “Most boring TV show ever, doncha think? ‘Tune in on tonight’s episode, where the head librarian gets a paper cut while reshelving.’”
Five minutes later, he flew up the stairs to the apartment and opened the door using the spare key. He couldn’t wait to spend the whole weekend celebrating and relaxing with Cas. Maybe they could even get away for the weekend, rent a cabin upstate and have hot jacuzzi sex. Or forest sex. Or—
Sam rolled his eyes. “I didn’t mean I knew
“Or, we could go to the Roadhouse,” Charlie pressures, raising her eyebrows eagerly.
Castiel forced his eyes open, searching the walls, hoping to help. He thought back to the first night he had entered this lobby. Another man had offered to buy him a drink and Dean had reacted...badly. But before all that, when he was standing there alone, he had been examining the religious decor on the wall. There had been an early nineteenth century cross, faded in gold, and he had felt drawn to it...
“Hey,” Dean replies simply, looking his future husband up and down with appreciation. “Looking hot as fuck, Cas.”
When he was a few yards from his front steps, he looked up and finally noticed her. Anna was leaned against a pillar, a suitcase at her feet.
“‘The opposite,’” he echoed, a gradual look of realization crossing his face. Then he grinned, the corners of his mouth turned up wider than Dean had ever witnessed.
He finishes the whiskey in one gulp, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Castiel 2:56 AM >>
He searched for the exit and ran towards it, throwing the door open and sliding his trench coat on. Then he vanished from sight.
Dean chants in his head telepathically.
There are some over-the-top boos and dramatic thumbs-down, but Castiel just ignores them, winking at Dean in a way that lets him know he’s gonna get good and laid tonight.
“Yeah, but only ‘cause of the book,” Dean said, trying to sound nonchalant.
“Dean,” Sam said softly, pulling on his shoulder, “what’s going on with you?”
“Look, I’m sorry, but—”
“Right back ‘atcha.” Dean feels like he’s glowing, like his heart just might pound out of his chest. “If we can do all that in a hot tub, wonder what we can accomplish in a bed?”
… Dean’s stomach flipped just thinking about the angel. He had known for a while, years if he was being honest, that there was more than friendship brewing between them. But to finally act on their feelings during a case, in the middle of a club, rutting their hard-ons against each other like fucking teenagers? They hadn’t even kissed yet but Dean now knew the general shape of Cas’ dick...which was
“Cas, I’m so sorry,” he cries softly, hands on his temples, trembling. “Man, I hope you can hear me. I hope you can hear me…”
“No you fucking didn’t,” Dean bites back, his scent one-hundred and ten percent pissed off omega, and it makes Castiel want to reach for him, soothe him, but he resists. “Don’t you dare do this, Cas.”
This is where he goes when he needs reminding.
1783 – 1818
Charlie chewed pointedly on her pen cap for a moment. While she deliberated, Castiel allowed his eyes to wander around the tiny office. It was messy with books and notepads, not to mention Charlie’s seventeen-inch laptop displayed on her desk. There were Star Wars pop figures on a shelf and a Moondoor poster hung on the nearby door. Castiel very much enjoyed Charlie’s company, finding her spunky and engaging. He imagined himself introducing his new geeky, well-intentioned friend to the other important people in his life…like Meg and Gabriel. The visual made him almost chuckle. His brother and best friend could be a tough crowd to please, but something told him Charlie could win just about anyone over.
And that’s when he feels it.
Don’t forget to come chat with me in the comments. :)
The question catches Dean off-guard, and he blushes a little, remembering all the dirty things he said a few minutes ago.
“Yeah, you’re right, my bad,” he said, frowning sympathetically.
“It means you have commitment issues, and sometimes it makes you act like a dick,” Sam says, the words coming out way too easily. What the actual fuck? How long has his brother thought this way?
“I’m interested in someone, too,” Castiel said. He looked down at the floor, not trusting himself to look up right now. If Dean looked half as inviting as Castiel imagined, then he might end up pushed against the bar, being kissing senselessly in front of the entire bar. Which Ellen might not appreciate. Or find very sanitary.
“I don’t care about the inheritance or the money,” Joshua said simply. “My father is dead…that means I can finally wash my hands of Zachariah.”
Dean laughs, wondering if he and this kid are cut from the same cloth. “I didn’t mean
“Oh…okay,” Sam says, and he almost sounds disappointed, which baffles Dean to no fucking end. As a teenager, Cas had been pretty vocal about his indifference on the whole possibly-inheriting-the-pack thing. Growing up he had three other alphas ahead of him in the succession line, and though Dean had considered most of his brothers to be major asshats, the likelihood of Cas becoming packmaster had always seemed...well, not
“For the good of the pack, okay?” Dean looks down at his coffee mug—empty. Shit. How did this go from the best breakfast ever to the freakin’ worst in a matter of minutes? “You were just a kid, you don’t remember, but when the pack is under attack there’s no time to argue, there’s no margin for error. We need someone like dad around.”
With absolute shock and desire and longing Castiel muttered Dean’s name, more like a whine that would be indecipherable to most, and then Dean’s body was pressed against his. They collided against the tiled bathroom wall and all Castiel could think was—burning. His skin was burning, kindled, ignited. It was as if a forest fire had been released upon them and now Castiel couldn’t be stopped, their lips crashing together, hands scrambling to touch any patch of uncovered skin. Dean kissed him as if he had been resisting for far too long, moaning filthily between Castiel’s parted lips. And then everything was tongue and teeth and there was no stopping this, the match had been lit, the fires of Castiel’s yearning for Dean flaming white hot and humid. The wet smack of their lips resonated in the empty room and it sounded so obscene that any form of nobility or nicety fell from Castiel’s consciousness and he took himself roughly in hand, stroking himself in a wild fashion with one hand and unbuttoning the front of Dean’s jeans with the other. The omega whimpered and rutted against Castiel’s fumbling hand with such enthusiasm, that the alpha dropped his own ministrations and focused on Dean’s solely, reaching a hand between the elastic waistband of his boxers and running an eager hand along his shaft.
“Going somewhere?” Castiel said dully, unable to gather enough energy to care. He was having a torrentially bad day. Even though he was exhausted and drained and physically battered, he wanted to
So, no matter the outcome with Joshua and the eventual ownership of Sacred Sun Press, Castiel was loved and
“Like you look much better,” she replied, attempting to put a playful edge to her voice, but it fell flat. They were all too worried, too panicked to be anything but blatantly honest.
“Well, you probably know the stories better than me,” Gabriel admitted. “Betas don’t get the one-true-mate speech.”
“Castiel?” The name sounded strange and foreign in Dean’s mouth. What the hell kinda name was that? Latin or some shit?
“This oughta be fun,” Sam mumbled, pulling Dean by the arm and guiding him towards the yard.
They dry off lazily with cheap towels and get dressed in the lounge clothes Dean bought earlier. The minute he situates the pillow under his head, the top sheet and blanket fitted over them, Cas’ hand circling his waist and holding him close, the omega drifts off into a profound, dreamless sleep.
The machete.
When the omega finally spots him, his face blinks with a half-dozen emotions, flickering fast like the song pages of a jukebox. First is a small grin of recognition, of excitement. Second: flirty raised eyebrows, an appreciation of Cas’ bare legs and torso. Third is entirely disbelief, maybe even caution. Fourth: pure astonishment, pleasure, provocation. Because…
he mouthed softly, and Dean squeezed his hand.
a good time to be a smart ass, but that’ll certainly only add to Dean’s annoyance, so he reigns in his response.
Dean rolled his eyes and sat on the edge of the bed, pinching the bridge of his nose and trying not to panic. He had ten more minutes to pack, then he had to swing by Cas’ bed and breakfast and head towards the Nashville airport. And get on an airplane. A goddamn death trap with wings.
Castiel doesn’t mean to, doesn’t know why his body reacts this way, but—
Dean’s whole body goes rigid, and he grips the bottle like he might smash it with his bare hand. “No,” he says angrily. “In what fucking world would have I forgotten that?”
If he had hoped that no one apart from him and Cas had noticed their exchange, well... Dean’s eyes flash to the elders, to his family, to the whole pack.
The meal started off quietly enough, though Dean was morally offended by Cas’ preference for pancakes (“What psycho doesn’t love waffles?”). Eventually Sam and Jess joined them, and the intimacy of the moment was broken, though somehow replaced with something equally profound. The conversation between the four of them flowed effortlessly, with Sam and Cas rattling off intellectual thoughts while Dean and Jess took playful jabs at their shared expense. Dean didn’t know how, but having Cas here made their family dynamic somehow whole.
“Sure,” Castiel says agreeably, figuring his father had never had the most refined palate, so his pantry was undoubtedly full of junk food and liquor. Dean pops in a Zeppelin cassette and Castiel hums along to “Traveling Riverside Blues,” a song he knows by heart by now thanks to the mixtape Dean had made him years ago. He’ll never forget how pleased he had been to receive it, how he had blushed at the unexpected gift, remembering a story Dean had told him once about his parents. Evidently, over thirty years ago, Mary Campbell had only given John her number because he had known the words to every Zeppelin song. Cas being gifted his own curated mixtape from Dean made him feel welcomed into the family fold, a part of a legacy far older than them both.
“Well, actually—”
“Dean,” Castiel mumbled, his voice low and sonorous. “Dean, I…” Castiel’s mind was racing, struggling to produce words. The reality of their current situation—Dean straddling him in the Impala, rutting his erection into Castiel’s open palm—was enough to make the angel feel frantic with desire. And then Dean would occasionally pant or groan, or even whisper Castiel’s name, and Castiel would close his eyes, completely overcome. The realization that he could arouse Dean—who had engaged in so much satisfying sex throughout his life that the thought intimidated Castiel—surprised and flattered him.
is actually his life. “Or the man beside me.”
They spend the next ten minutes discussing things like coding and software systems but Dean’s mind is wandering, feeling encouraged that they at least have a plan.
“Spill,” she demanded anyways, staring at him without relenting. From the living room, Dean heard the TV decrease in volume before being abruptly muted. He imagined Sam and Jess sitting together on the couch, leaned forward, quietly listening. Jesus...why did his friends and family decide to be annoyingly observant at a time like
“S’fine.” Dean casts his eyes down, then glances back up at him. “I was hoping we’d get a chance to talk later? After, y’know…”
Dean nodded numbly, knowing Castiel was right,
Castiel didn’t remember lunging forward, wrapping his hands around the collar of Dean’s flannel and pulling him into a crushing kiss. But apparently, that’s exactly what he did. Their lips met in frenzy, heads leaning in sync, bodies angling to get closer. Their mouths fought for dominance, the kiss desperate and needy and wanting, and Castiel relented when Dean sucked and licked his upper lip. His lips parted and he instinctively pushed his leg between Dean’s open thighs, feeling a rush of arousal nearly electric between them. His hands roamed inside Dean’s shirt, leaving the curved plane of his muscled back and exploring his chest, rubbing his thumb against Dean’s nipple. Dean gasped at the sensation and rutted his growing erection against Castiel’s thigh, panting and pulling away for air.
Once the car finally pulled into Dean’s gravel driveway, however, Castiel wondered if he had made a terrible mistake. The two men hadn’t parted on amicable terms, and there was a significant chance Dean might throw him a right-hook as soon as Castiel approached him.
He carried his luggage inside and dumped it all on his bedroom floor, planting himself facedown on the bed. The sheets smelled musty and stagnant and so
out of your system before my editor comes. Cause if you or Sammy embarrass me in front of him, I will murder you. Slowly. With torture.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile. Without thinking, he moved forward and grabbed a handful, reading voraciously:
“I hated leaving you. The fire, the carnage, the casualties…” He takes a deep breath but doesn’t look away. “That night was like hell on earth.”
Dean inhaled sharply, letting out a dark, disbelieving chuckle. “What the fuck does that mean?”
They have to be.
“N-no.” Castiel’s mouth was dangerously close to Dean’s dick, and he was
Happy Friday, my loves. How's everyone doing? Feeling? I had the most comments I've ever had last chapter, which was so sweet and surprising. I had a pretty rough last weekend processing everything with the show's end, but I've done a lot of self-care this week. That combined with all your comments means I'm feeling better all the time. <3
~Come and cry with me in the comments~
“Rufus?” Dean answered, sounding thrilled to see him. The man—Rufus, apparently—looked between the pair, eyes searching Castiel’s face with sudden recognition. How did this stranger know him? Castiel took an instinctual step away from Dean, thinking it was best to give him personal space, to allow him discretion in front of someone he knew. It had barely been one step, but Castiel’s movement was instantly noticed. A flicker of disappointment crossed Dean’s face, but it was so quickly replaced with a smile (and subsequent handshake) for Rufus, that Castiel thought he might’ve dreamed it.
they are,” she mumbled. “God, why didn’t I see it before? We’ll have...a vigil, a rally, maybe both. We’re gonna call this homophobic asshole out and get some justice. I’ll spread the word about what’s happening. I’ll call every news station in Virginia if I have to.”
“Where to begin?” Crowley sighs dramatically, wandering around the edge of the table. “I suppose the first perpetrator against the demon you so differentially call ‘Yellow Eyes’ was actually…Lilith.”
Chuck opens his mouth to answer, but the light has lengthened considerably while Castiel’s back was turned. It stretches around his feet, curling and tucking itself against him, and he feels his consciousness pulled backwards as easily as a rake tackling a pile of leaves. He falls into enveloping darkness, like he’s funneling down a rollercoaster without a cart or track or safety bar, and he screams and screams and screams until—
Castiel blinks back around, only see the whip of his omega’s long, bushy tail as he bolts down the hill. His ears raise in alarm and his hind feet push off from the ground, senses on overdrive as he follows the aromatic trail of his mate’s scent. His nostrils flare as the bouquet overtakes him, their shared aroma driving him forward, his large paws digging into the earth as he runs and runs and runs. Dean is several yards ahead of him, and the wedding party (most remaining on two-feet) is following from a distance, still shouting and jeering at them playfully. Cas never thought he would actually embrace this tradition—figured it would be like many of the other rituals today, a pleasant sort of going-through-the-motions—but
Castiel tilted his head to the side, still on his knees, hands pumping Dean’s cock. “Tell me what?”
“Yeah, yeah. Great idea, Cas. I’ll shut up now.”
“Thank fuck,” he breathes out, realizing that this message makes him sound like a grade A creeper. Why the hell is he being so...needy? So desperate to see Cas? He bites his lip, falls against his cold and empty mattress.
Cas slides his hand down the other man’s back down to his ass, using his palm to pull him closer. Remembering everything Dean imagined today has Cas hard and wanting seconds. And from the way Dean moans as he bucks forward, it seems they’re on the same page.
Dean 3:05 AM >>
“I have scouts stationed at every major interstate and highway, and they just spotted Azazel’s two favorite abominations driving along I-70W in a stolen van.”
His reason for creating.
would Dean be worried about him? Sam already hit the nail on the head—John will be fine. He practically put them through a kill-every-known-monster-on-the-fucking-planet bootcamp. Before, during, and after war the Winchesters trained nonstop, gearing up to protect themselves and the pack from anything that goes bump in the night. Dean’s not the least bit concerned about his dad today, which maybe is a sign that he
if Dean has anything to say about it.
He’s going to fuck his omega senseless.
“No one is excluding you,” Castiel growled, gripping the back of Anna’s chair as if he might break the wood in two, “but we’re not asking your permission to have this conversation, either.”
. “As if you or your book are important enough for me to develop a vendetta against. In the grand scheme of things, Dean, you’re simply not important to us—”
. Cas would be okay. He had to be.
The door flew open and there he was, wearing a mockingly pleasant expression on his face. He was dressed in his standard dark suit and silver tie, despite the early Sunday morning meeting, and Castiel irrationally despised him for it and his inability to act even remotely human.
person to ever exist.
Even as he says the words—meaning it with every fibre of his being—Dean knows there’s little to no chance Sam will actually be able to drag Castiel away. Unless his alpha is already unconscious or gravely injured, which Dean can’t even consider as a possibility right now, he knows his stubborn-ass-of-a-martyr boyfriend will stick by his side no matter what. He’s not even sure if his alpha instincts would let Cas leave him during such a precarious situation, though if any alpha could have the strength to overcome their biological impulses and think clearly, it would be Cas. That is, after all, how they got in this mess to begin with…if he hadn’t been so logical about staying behind during their meeting with Crowley, Cas would never have been left alone long enough to be kidnapped.
My dears!!! How's everyone doing this lovely Friday evening? I'm so-so, just started a new diet so I'm trying to channel all my eat-cookies-and-cake impulses into something more productive. (Maybe more writing? Yeah, I think more writing.)
He moves through the tight crowd to stand beside Cas, slipping a comforting hand around his waist.
Dimly, Castiel wondered if their miscommunication would have been solved more easily with words…but something told him that wouldn’t be the case. Being with Dean might always be wrought with ups and downs, but Castiel somehow knew that every difficulty would be worth it as long as they were together.
attitude irritated Castiel—he couldn’t believe he had misread the man so harshly. He thought back to his high school years, when he had been outed as gay in a small southern town, just like this one...it was no wonder Dean was struggling, both personally and creatively. Castiel could only pray his outburst hadn’t caused irreversible damage.
left the motel…
Sam looks at the wardrobe change curiously, but Charlie just spins and squeals, closing the door behind her.
“It’s fine, Dean. I’m not used to your scent either,” Castiel replies immediately, and then leans against the tree, looking slightly panicked. “I-I mean...of course I remembered your scent, it’s how I found you out here. But I forgot how nice...you smell. I mean…I
After he finished up his calls—one to 911, the next to Anna—Castiel squatted low, rubbing a hand through Dean’s hair. He felt sweaty and bruised, gravel sticking to his skin, but he leaned into Cas’ touch all the same. “Don’t worry,” Cas whispered. “I’m going to protect you.”
But it is. It really, really is.
Having no fucking hint or clue what Castiel smelled like…
Dean steeled himself, breathing heavily as Castiel rimmed him out. Dean had done this on plenty of guys he had fucked, but he had never asked for it to be reciprocated. To be on this end of it… He shuddered when the tip of Castiel’s tongue slipped inside his hole, spearing him as a finger began to prod at his entrance. It all felt so foreign and peculiar and fucking amazing, and he covered his mouth with his hand as Castiel opened him up.
After this chapter, we'll be back to the alternating POV structure. In the meantime, though, enjoy a slice of Cas' (incredibly complicated) life...
The catch? They’re forbidden to speak a word to each other, despite sharing an obvious and immediate crush. One might even call it true-mate level.
He creaks open his father’s bedroom door and is hit with the immensity of his scent. It’s fainter now, nearly a week after his death, but it fills Castiel with nostalgia and melancholy. The room is smaller than he thought it would be, and it’s clear by the design and the furniture that Chuck never intended to mate again. The bed is small for a full-sized frame, one end shoved against the corner of the wall. Everything is sparse, missing the sort of domestic touch a mate or pups would have offered, but Castiel examines every item as if they’re clues to figuring out who his father was, or had been, over the past twelve years. He holds the half-empty (or, he thinks reflectively, half-full) glass of water on the nightstand, breathes deeply into the cotton pillowcase, reads a paragraph from the nearby novel his father will never finish reading. He closes his eyes and whispers a prayer into the stagnant, alpha-scented air. And then he goes into his father’s closet, fingers grazing every fabric, and tucks a worn black and white baseball tee under his arm. Somehow the thought of wearing his father’s clothes, today of all days, feels a bit like putting on armor. The simile isn’t far off, he realizes, as he slips the shirt on over his head.
Dean laughs nervously and mutters, “Uh, well cool. Glad to hear it.” He swallows, looking down at the book in his lap before mumbling, “Well, bye, I guess.”
“Canoeing the Red River. Dorothy's uncle owns a place—we got it all worked out. Two canoes and a five-mile trek. We’ll pack a picnic, a cooler, make a whole day out of it.”
An hour earlier, Anna had texted Castiel the address to Dean’s farm, seeming as surprised as Castiel by his sudden change of heart. But Anna hadn’t read that letter, hadn’t felt the vulnerability in Dean’s confession...the shame and confusion, the desire to move forward. Though he still found Dean difficult—something about his
“We decided to get outta there. Made out some and were walking towards Baby when he kept saying he was gonna bend me over the hood for everyone to watch. I thought it was just dirty talk, but then he actually
An hour later Dean lies in bed, looking up at the ceiling and fighting the urge to wrap a hand around his cock—imagining all the sensations tomorrow has in store for him. He’d really like to rub one out, but all of the books he’s thumbed through on the subject say that waiting is better. Pent-up sexual energy is supposedly one of the most powerful forces in the world, and the more tension and longing, the grander the results.
“Yeah?” When Castiel doesn’t elaborate, Dean just shakes his head. “I’m not expecting that of you, babe. We’re
, that he loves? The tremble in his voice, the anger, the crying…it felt like a hard-won game of chess, hearing Dean Winchester’s heart begin to break.”
“I was just thinking about the ride up here. To get Sam, I mean. I kept getting flashes from you. They weren’t complete prayers, but like I said, your desire was so strong that my grace picked up on it. I received it like a prayer.” He starts trailing his fingers down Dean’s back, hoping to soothe him to sleep. It might be a bit tricky, but if Cas lulls him to sleep that just means whatever this is will last a little longer.
“You...you mean…” Castiel gaped. Amazement and shock were overwhelmed by warmth, spreading in his chest, making him feel lighthearted. He smiled before he quite realized it, wide and natural and gummy. He took a step towards Joshua and shook his hand zealously, grasping him by the elbow.
They fall asleep instantly.
“Seems a bit extreme,” Castiel mumbled skeptically.
How in the world had this happened? He locks his phone screen and groans, standing up and shuffling to the bookshelf in the hallway. Every step weighs him down, makes him feel sluggish and sweaty and sick, but maybe he can distract himself from
“Yeah...I get that.” Dean had been young, barely at an age to remember, when Mary bought the farm. Their first harvest was meager and difficult and wonderfully memorable. Like writing, farming was hard, meaningful work. Dean loved them both, had established his identity around them. “So, uh, how did you know Chuck?”
When enough fire has gathered on his torch, he holds it up triumphantly and scowls at the beast. The moment he steps beyond the Anasazi symbol he’s going to get ambushed, but all he has to do is plunge the fire onto the wendigo. He doesn’t allow himself time to think about it, to second-guess himself. He begins to sprint headfirst, and to his amazement the wendigo is now running
Abby’s chest was heaving, her hands wringing the folder together in aggravation. But before she could reply, Charlie thumped her microphone loudly with her pointer finger. “Well, uh, here we are folks. A clear example of how an exact Z-chromosome match could actually be considered a
Sam peers at her curiously. “I thought you were working
“Good. Because I have quite a few ideas…” Castiel kisses become more insistent, sprawling down his neck and up again, outlining his chin. Dean’s already half-hard and nothing has even
“Well, I haven’t given you my input
She exchanges a glance with Bobby, and he grumbles deeply in his chest, adding, “We have updated news on the demon war. And then, it’s time to reexamine this new packmaster situation.”
There’s another person, bound like Castiel but also gagged. His eyes are closed shut, long hair messy, blood staining the front of his shirt.
Castiel’s panic was stifled, momentarily at least, by the desperation he heard in Dean’s voice. He lifted his gaze finally, and Dean’s eyes were wide and prodding, full of confusion and anger and fear.
Castiel swallows and reads on. It’s not exactly new information—why he beat John to a bloody pulp, why his sex drive is higher than it’s ever been, why he feels raw and ireful without Dean’s presence here to soothe him. On one hand it’s reassuring, knowing there’s a scientific reason for his mood swings; on the other hand, it makes him feel powerless to stop, to correct his behavior. He flicks through the next several pages before finally settling on another paragraph:
Dean thought.
“Damn, they’re
Standing in the motel room he held his breath, shaking. His eyes searched Castiel’s face, looking for any flicker or reaction, any sort of giveaway that his notecard-gesture had done its job and things between them might finally be fixed. But Cas, in his rumpled white button-up and tousled hair, was strangely unreadable—his gaze alternating between the words in Dean’s hand, to the ones (apparently) written all over his face.
,” he said. “That kiss was…” He stopped then, thinking of the memory. Dean’s lips had been wet and warm and...incredible. His touch was all-consuming. Castiel had kissed others, albeit a small amount, but no kiss had ever felt like that before. “Does it always feel like that?”
to do—get turned down, get fired. Nothing stunk worse than a rejected omega, and Sam and Bobby would ask questions, and the whole thing would become an embarrassing mess. Or he could throw in the towel, admit to himself that even though Cas obviously found him attractive, that’s as far as their unlikely—what, friendship?—could go. Then he could keep his job, and buy Sammy all the pointless shit all the other seniors stuffed their lockers with. He could force himself to forget about Cas, and hey, if he drunk himself into a stupor for a few days, that was just a bonus…
friends, strangely enough. And even though he had seen Dean practically every waking hour of the day, he was eager to spend time with him when they both weren’t working, zeroed in on their laptops. He dressed in tight, dark jeans and a warm, but forming-fitting, black button-up. He even grabbed his trenchcoat on the way out, just in case. Autumn was now in full swing, and the nights were getting increasingly colder. The B&B was old and drafty, and often at night he woke up shivering, imagining himself lounging in front of a fireplace with Dean… He shook the thought from his head. He was catching a ride with Donna and Doug to the Roadhouse and the last thing he needed was an erection,
“Dean—”
“Yes, Dean, I like you,” Castiel says plainly, evidently just to appease Dean, but it feels amazing all the same. He pulls away from his constant kissing to look Dean square in the eye. “Even before I knew you, I liked you.”
“Need you now,” Castiel replied, hoping he didn’t sound too demanding, though Dean seemed to enjoy it whenever he took the lead. And while Castiel liked Jessica and Sam very much—and certainly didn’t want to get caught having sex on their kitchen floor—the idea of driving to the B&B sounded excruciating. “Your room?”
“Your lack of faith in me is very inspiring,” she says dryly. “Shouldn’t you be with Gabe, getting changed?”
Like most, comments and kudos keep me going—so don't be shy! Come say hi!
So while they floated downstream, Dean told stories about Charlie—like how she once hacked into a video game (“The Red Scare,” their
“Yeah, Sammy’s a good kid,” Dean mutters, practically on autopilot at this point. Bragging about Sam and deflecting praise are both Dean Winchester’s specialties, after all. Castiel licks his lips and opens his mouth, posed to reply, when Ellen hustles over to their table. Her hair is brown and a little frizzy, her work apron slightly stained, and even though she’s busy she looks pleased to see Dean.
“You sure?” he asks, just in case, but they wave him off immediately. He exhales one more muted
Sam and Dean finish assembling the remaining necessities for breakfast—including real milk and real butter, wow, Dean is pretty sure Sam hasn’t consumed this much unfiltered dairy in years—and they dig into their feast earnestly. Dean is on his fourth waffle and seventh piece of bacon when he feels the clasp of his jeans push against his belly, and he shifts in his seat and puts his fork down, finally coming up for air.
“Look, man. I’m sorry about this morning, for being such a…” He frowned, struggling to find the word.
“Cas, you gotta say something,” Dean begs, hands still touching him with a clinical sort of comfort. “Where’re you hurt, man?”
Castiel gives him a playful look, as if Dean has proven his point somehow. “Tense?”
“Apologies...we didn’t mean to ambush you,” Castiel said genuinely. “We just have an important matter to discuss with you, and we preferred having this conversation in person.” Cas took a small step forward, extending his hand. “I’m Castiel Novak. I am...
He takes a step closer, eyes locked with Castiel’s in a heated exchange. Castiel isn’t stroking himself anymore, but he also hasn’t hidden himself from Dean or acted embarrassed. So Dean takes a deep breath, realizing he sounds breathy and wrecked and not caring one bit as he says, “Need some help with that?”
John looks affronted but Crowley just smirks. “Oh, Tweedledum and Tweedledee? I’ve seen them around. Charming little henchmen, aren’t they?”
Shockingly, Dean did as he was told. He closed his mouth, jaw set hard and eyes full of worry, and kept driving. He was clearly contemplating something, determinedly trying to work something out in his mind. Castiel figured it had to do with them, or their situation, but he didn’t have the energy to try and decipher Dean’s thoughts or emotions. Instead he closed his eyes and leaned against the window, trying not to daydream about every touch, every kiss, every moment they spent wrapped in each other’s arms…
“What’s up?” he said, trying to sound innocent.
Heaven, he thinks. Baby is a shiny jet black, glosser than Dean has ever seen her, absent of any wear and tear that a car naturally amasses after a few decades. It’s a gorgeous sight, borderline spirtual, and he can’t help but whistle. John comes down the steps holding two lamps in each hand, and mentions that there are more waiting on the steps.
Dean clinches his hands in fists, a wave of irritation settling back over him. “Nope, not all of them. Castiel Novak is there for some reason.”
thank you for gathering. I am John Winchester, alpha of this pack and Second to the recently fallen packmaster, Chuck Novak.” A hush falls over the crowd and Castiel can feel his heart rattling in his chest. “We meet this evening to shephard our pack into a new era of leadership.”
“Now who’s the tease,” Dean grumbled, pushing his hips up and attempting to rut against Castiel’s hand.
“Don’t touch them!” the alpha shouts, a tone of despair in his voice that Dean’s never heard before. “Do whatever you want with me, but let them go.”
“Cas,” he breathes, trying to pull away just a fraction, “fuck—Cas. You know how onboard I am with this, but let’s get you doctored up first—”
about his future with the company.” Zachariah intentionally paused, letting the words sink in. “I have exciting plans for him.”
A half-dozen arguments rise and fall on Castiel’s lips. He’s nothing to be proud of, he knows—Dean should just leave him, let him suffer alone. But there’s still just enough hope and dignity remaining for him to keep quiet, to bask in Dean’s presence and try to forget how disastrous his life is. Eyes still closed, he sighs at the first brush of Dean’s lips, wet and warm on his kneecap and elbows, his collarbones and stomach. It’s startling and intimate and strangely practical, considering his were saliva has healing properties that lessens Castiel’s suffering. But more than that…it’s a poignant and tender demonstration of love, and he shivers when Dean breathes over a trail of kisses, cooling and tingling, stirring a fire low in his belly.
They hold each other for a few minutes, but eventually the time on the clock and the cooling come on Castiel’s torso forces them up and out of bed. They shower in a relaxing, blissful sort of silence, speaking mostly through touches and pecks on the lips. It’s only when a question occurs to Castiel that he knows it’s time to speak again.
“Here’s a way for you to keep track of your daily and weekly goals. Once you hit your word count, you can do whatever you’d like for the remainder of the day. Though I’d recommend exercising, napping, and reading.”
“So,” Dean mumbles, exhausted after monologuing for nearly half an hour, slumped and sitting squarely on the coffee table. “That’s all I know.”
After what felt like a maddening amount of waiting—Castiel was either the world’s slowest fucking undresser or he was intentionally driving Dean crazy—the mattress finally dipped beneath him. Castiel crawled on top of him, leaving small kisses on his neck, his bare chest rubbing against Dean’s shoulder. Dean couldn’t help himself...he hummed at the sensation, savoring the feeling of Cas’ scruff tickling his skin.
“C’mon. Winchester. You promised me some solid wingman action this year and have
Dean had gotten so used to Fridays being “scent blocker” day that, in the morning, he nearly sprayed them on instinct. He caught himself just in time, scrutinizing his uniform in the mirror. When he had first accepted the job, he hadn’t minded the dark navy work trousers or collared shirt, figuring—who did he have on campus to impress? And even though Cas had seen him wear the exact same outfit every Friday and didn’t seem to think it was strange, something about the magnitude of this day made Dean want to go the extra mile. He decided then to pack a change of clothes and hit the gym showers after work. He threw in a bar of soap that he knew emphasized his natural omega scent, figuring if he was gonna primp and preen like a girl he might as well go all the way.
“Listen, Dean,” his brother says in his quietly curated “lecture” voice, trying to keep his inflection level, “I know you’re upset—” Sam is shaking his shoulders and pulling him through the crowd, finding a spot in the back for better privacy.
Castiel swayed, suddenly lightheaded. He read the letter again, heart racing, before reaching across the table and pulling out his phone.
Dean scoffed, concentrating on the movement of the serving spoon. “Not exactly the marrying type,” he grumbled. Now that Cas was in his life, though, he wondered if that were still true.
“Dean?” Castiel sounded worried now, and it shook Dean from his thoughts. “Are we okay?”
He tries not to be distracted by Dean’s scent, but it’s wonderfully woodsy, piney, somehow almost minty and musky in flavor. It’s like holding a bundle of fresh sage in his palm and inhaling pure menthol. There’s a sharp, cooling sensation that makes his gums tingle and suddenly, the alpha can’t believe he ever survived without this. Without Dean.
Dean chuckles, staring down at his shoes. “Yeah, turns out you have a twin.”
…are being hand-delivered to us right now.” He smirks, raising a hand to his chin. “Shall we join them?”
Focusing on Dean and their relationship helps him avoid thoughts of Lilith, of the demon war and the death of so many members of his family. But it’s an uphill battle. Last night he dreamed about them, for the first time in a long time, and was evidently tossing and turning enough that Dean held him until the nightmares eventually passed. It’s not even that they died…Castiel accepted that long ago. He knows no one else will be returning home like Gabriel did, bursting with stories of tricks and dubious money-making and life in Vegas. But at the center of him, he’s still at peace with their deaths. What he’s struggling to confront is this newfound information—how they had died simply to keep another demon topside. It’s insulting and horrific, maybe even meaningless, and part of him wants to take the Colt back from Crowley and hunt Lilith to the ends of the earth.
Bobby’s expression is grim. “Because you’re the only one with a valid claim,” he says, as if this should have occurred to Castiel ages ago. “You’re the only one who can prevent John from taking over the pack and launching us into another goddamn demon war.”
the hell you wanna call it. They’re two dudes who wanna bone and I can’t seem to stop it. I’ve always been—I mean,
“You’re so fucking hot,” Dean said gasping, stroking himself more quickly. He reached a hand towards the dashboard, opening the glove compartment and pulling out tissues and lotion.
were, and I didn’t want our relationship to be a secret…”
Dean swallowed thickly, seeming to be in a state of shock. “Cas, no, I didn’t…”
Nobody knows that they just saved the fucking world.
was what Sam and Anna had discussed earlier on the phone.
“Dean...I like you like this,” Castiel whispered, hands roaming Dean’s thighs, his voice an inexplicable rumble.
The front door shuts but Dean is still frozen, unsure if he should run after Cas or locate a fifth of whiskey. A throat clears behind him and another layer of dread fills Dean’s stomach. He spins around slowly, noting Sam’s arms are crossed and there’s a frown on his face.
“Can’t hurt you,” Castiel grits outs, barely audible, but Dean just growls in a frustration and Cas suddenly can’t deny his omega anything. He reaches around on Dean’s sides and flips him again, bringing his knees up until they’re parallel with the alpha’s hips. He slathers himself up with Dean’s slick and lines up his incredibly erect cock, rubbing it in firm circles against the inviting entrance. In the back of his mind he knows they should be going more slowly, knows Dean likely requires more prep, but his omega is writhing beneath him and begging for Castiel’s knot and the alpha is blinded by lust when he slides in all at once, bottoming out. Dean howls from the impact, expletives falling from shouting lips.
Dean began pulling poly twine from the bales of hay, the motion angry and jerked.
Castiel shrugged sheepishly. “It’s just...we’ve worked here our entire adult lives. Sometimes I forget.”
“What? Why?” Dean asked, voice dripping with suspicion.
“I still think we should wait,” Sam whispered, “and come back when it reopens.”
“Sweet.”
Words fall from his lips as he sees the whip of familiar trenchcoat, a mop of brown hair and a tall frame walking through into the moody poet section.
Castiel physically flinched at the word
“Get to the part we don’t already know,” John interrupts weakly.
The risk? Apart from aligning themselves with the demon version of a used-cars salesman, and Dean having to put up with weird flirtations and innuendos for the foreseeable future, this mission would be a purely defensive tactic. It would be striking before Azazel has the chance to try again, which is both a positive and a negative approach, depending on how proactive the pack wanted to be. Anyone who tags along for the mission would be in immediate and real danger—is Dean willing to put all his loved ones in harm's way for the potential promise of peace?
Thank you so much for reading!!! I LOVE ME SOME FEEDBACK, so please, drop me a line and let me know your reaction to this story. <3
“What would a stunning creature, such as yourself, care to drink?” the demon croons, but Jody’s answer gets lost in the crowd, the stream of muffled voices that Dean can’t quite make out. There are so many people in the upscale bar, so many scents of human and the occasional were, that Dean blocked them all out the moment he stepped through the door. Looking back, that’s the only reason he’s caught off-guard when the man beside him turns around, smirks, and says, “Hey, handsome...don’t I know you?”
“Hmm?” In the lull of conversation, Castiel’s attention had been drawn back to the TV. Now he’s looking down at Dean with a sweet sort of intrigue.
There’s a pause, the three men just standing in the forest in the dark, before John finally breaks the discomfort. “I’d like to walk you back, if that’s okay.” Castiel can hear the shuffle of his hands sliding into his pockets—a nervous gesture. “As your father’s second-in-command, I should show you around—”
Anna smiled then, pure and proud, and a gave his cheek a kiss. “Good luck,” she whispered, walking past him in the doorway. It was impressive how quickly she had left her office stripped and barren, the cardboard box heavy with nearly two decades of history. He turned, watching her walk down the hallway, out the door and out of sight.
“I am,” Castiel says breathlessly. “And you do.” He cranes his neck pointedly as Dean leaves a trail of sloppy kisses. To even out his breathing, he focuses on a slab of primary paint colors, the various shades of reds and blues…
“Right, right,” Dean mumbles, clearly having lost track of the conversation. He’s staring down at the sidewalk, but he feels Castiel’s eyes watching him carefully.
I am only anticipating about five chapters left of this fic, but as my beta Jenn likes to point out, my characters tend to get away from me...so you never know. <3
“Depends on who’s asking,” Dean responds, playing along. He turns back to his brother with a deep sigh. “Look, I get your point. But there’s something about this guy that gets under my skin, okay?” Sam opens his mouth to respond, but Dean plows forward. “Luckily for us both, I’ll never have to meet the guy. So I can go on hating him from far, far away.”
in a distracting way that Dean can’t look away from. Nope.
he have them with?
“I know, I know. I just feel like a creeper, staring at strangers like this.”
Dean’s shoulders were suddenly tense, his thumbs nervously fiddling. Castiel knew he shouldn’t be enjoying this, but it sounded like Dean was both complimenting him and subtly (or not so subtly, depending on your perspective) asking Castiel if he was single. He thought about what Dean had said during their first meeting.
“As if you could ever be inferior to me, Cas...” His hands reached forward, sliding over Cas’ chest.
Okay, I know you’ll have a lot of questions, and I promise that they will (hopefully) all be addressed in the next chapter. I’ll also be discussing things with you in the comments below, per ushe.
“I’ll just do it,” Dean says instantly. He hasn’t exactly practiced, but how hard can it be? He does the readings well enough.
“If that’s true, Cas, then…” He leaned forward, face full of nerves. “Why do you keep pulling away from me?”
else. “Dean,” Castiel said desperately, moaning into Dean’s mouth. He felt a buildup of nerves and momentum growing in his belly. “Dean, I think I might—”
“Look at that—Dean actually owns a pair of jeans that
The drive is short, under two miles if he had to guess, and he tries to reposition himself so he’s closer to Gabriel in the backseat. But by the time his elbow finally collides with his brother’s back, the van is being parked and the door is sliding wide open. Hands are reaching for him roughly, forcing him to his feet and pushing him to walk up a rough terrain of gravel and grass.
“He wanted to break-up?” Sam asked, and Castiel nodded.
“But about twenty years ago, when I was a younger man and my father was the age I am now, he began calling me once a week. We talked on the phone for hours. He told me things, confided in me.” Joshua shifted his gaze to Castiel. “He told me about the day he met you in the park. When he offered you the internship, and eventually, moved you into your first apartment. You became like a son to him, and I heard about you nonstop for fifteen years. I…” Joshua cleared his throat, looking uneasy, as if the next words might physically hurt to share. “It’s strange to say, but in a way I feel like I know you. At times I’ve considered you more my brother than Zachariah.”
“Oh yeah, and all the alphas thought he was stuck-up,” Ash adds.
to discuss once their families left.
Castiel was downing a flask full of Dean’s whiskey.
Castiel snorted, leaning in the touch. “What was it that you called me? The first time we met?” He dipped forward, kissing Dean’s jaw. “‘Pretentious and judgmental,’ I believe.”
“Still,” Dean countered, after taking a long sip of coffee, “it’s pretty terrible, don’t you think? Even if the rumors
“Yeah,” Dean answered honestly, figuring if this guy could be straightforward, so could he. Still, he added his signature wink and said jokingly, “Try not to let it intimidate you.”
Content warnings: Temporary Major Character Death (resolved within the chapter), Heavy Angst, Graphic Depictions of Violence
Dean chuckles, looking down again and scratching the back of his neck. “God, I wish it wouldn’t, but…” He shakes his head and looks up, Castiel’s face slightly crestfallen.
“And the cross-dressing—”
“At least we’ll never be bored,” he says, smirking, as they rejoin Pamela in front of the altar.
“Mate,” he whispered, and his voice was just as cavernously deep and beguiling as Dean had imagined. He trembled—not only at the sound of it, but at the significance behind the word.
“Uh…” He looks between Cas and Sam, hoping one of his go-to people will help, but neither are offering up an olive branch. “What?”
Dean 3:21 AM >
But it was illogical, impossible. Dean was a high school dropout. Cas was a sexy, sleek VP just hoping to get his rocks off for the night. Right? There was no way that they were…that they could be…
“He’s not feral,” Dean snaps, then remembers the one and only time Crowley has seen Cas, last night at the bar… “He was just having a bad night.”
he thought.
Castiel’s eyes widen, looking as awkward as Dean feels. “Oh, I…I wouldn’t want to intrude.”
“I—Dean—” He pulls away, breath ragged. “I’m so sorry. I never expected to stay shifted for so long. To endanger myself, you, everyone around me. My attack on the alpha in the bar—I can’t believe that I—”
, or someone will hear you.”
Dean’s palms are sweaty, and he’s tempted to be snippy and reply
“You sorry son of a bitch,” he whispers with a grin.
At that, a complicated string of emotions flashes across Sam’s face: relief, understanding, apprehension.
Charlie and Madison are standing behind the other alpha, just crossing the threshold. Madison blushes and grins, Charlie peaking over Sam’s wide shoulders to give an outrageous thumbs-up.
, a part of Dean’s brain reminded him.
badass, completely calm in the face of danger. “Tomorrow night. Midnight. He wants to meet you.”
“Uh, I say so. They need living Novak sacrifices, and Cas is sleeping in bed right this fucking second.” But even as he’s saying it, he thinks back to that weird and terrified feeling from earlier…rattled and unnerved, as if something had just happened to Cas and he had felt it. Telepathically, instinctively, down to his bones. Sam is regarding him now with equal parts horror and pity, as if he’s just had the same thought. Bobby looks grim, and even John appears concerned. “I’m gonna call him.”
has an equally wicked sense of humor. Rather than sending a paper note, a spelled sentence appears in the air in front of Dean’s face, the careful cursive flowing into the air:
Shout-out to my beautiful, Book Club betas for their extra helpful feedback on these next few chapters!
Eventually Dean’s hauled onto the platform stage at the front, where smaller bands play cover songs for the visiting tourists. The entire bar cheers as he walks up, and there are so many people peering up at him with excitement and glee, that he’s almost certain the bar reached its capacity hours ago. He adjusts the microphone, eyeing the acoustic guitar in the corner, and asks the ever-present bartender if he can borrow it. Of course she obliges, and he picks up the cheap Indiana acoustic, stroking the strings as he tunes her up. She doesn’t play as well as his high-dollar guitars—Taylors and Martins and Gibsons—but he’s had too much to drink to care much about his performance. Sure, it’ll be fully recorded and trending online in an hour, but that’s not something he likes to dwell on. Dean wants to be in the here and now, fully present wherever he is.
“Cas,” Dean moaned, fighting the temptation to palm himself through the outside of his jeans, cause dammit, he was sporting a serious erection now. Without access or friction or any semblance of control...Dean was starting to lose it.
He reaches for the alpha’s injured hand, plopping the ice pack onto the swollen knuckle. Castiel winces and pulls back, but Dean keeps his grip firm. The alpha growls in a way that sounds involuntary but Dean can’t help glaring at him.
Burnt pie. Broken down Impalas. Uncle Bobby in tights—
“Look at you!” Jo exclaims, running a hand through her blonde curls. Dean expects to get reprimanded, but instead she says, “You’re five minutes early.”
If Castiel noticed the change in title, he didn’t comment on it. He just stared at Dean, and while his expression was hostile, his eyes were...what, exactly? Purposefully aloof? He was watching Dean closely, as if he was interesting but dangerous, a bomb that could go off at any moment.
“No,” Castiel rasps, the surface of his palms wet now with blood. “John, you…you shouldn’t have…you couldn’t…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now, c’mon, don’t say it like
It seems to take the alpha longer than usual to process the request, but after a long pause he’s gliding Dean backwards and into his lap. They both moan at the sudden adjustment, and Dean swings his left leg over so he can straddle his boyfriend properly. The new angle hits his prostate
“Cas,” Anna called, the front door opening again with a noticeable hurl, “why’d you leave without—oh, uh...”
He laughs.
Anna leaned forward, her face animated, her tone urgent.  “That’s exactly
“You are an excellent motivator,” Castiel agrees, coming up to nip playfully on Dean’s ear lobe. His hands travel from Dean’s chest to his groin, caressing the V of his upper thighs before lightly touching Dean’s cock—hard and waiting, precome at the tip. Dean’s heart pounds from the touch, simple as it is, and then his skin feels warm and tingly…the effects of Castiel’s sex magic making him feel flushed. The heat travels to every inch of his dick until he nearly whimpers, so overpowered by the feeling, and then Castiel strokes him suddenly. The glide is smooth, wet and slippery, and Dean moans outright at the intensity of it.
Anger flashes through Castiel, making his hands shake. “Maybe if you knew what you were doing, I could follow your lead.” He slips the guitar strap off his back, cradling the instrument back into the stand as carefully as possible for how angry he is, rolls up the sleeves of his sweater, and stomps off to take five. Backstage he’s seething, ignoring everything Balthazar is recommending about being friendlier, about not having such a short fuse, because who is
Castiel grinned at him, eyes zeroed in on Dean’s lips. Then he said, in an unnervingly steady voice, “Dean, I’d like to fuck you after this. Would you like that, too?”
“Dean,” Castiel says softly, reverentially, as if he wasn’t quite sure the omega would ever return. Cas’ scent soothes Dean in a way he doesn’t want to analyze, and he leans against Castiel’s touch, whimpering, too far gone to even feel embarrassed about his nudity. “Are you okay?”
Dean nodded, thinking of all the friends he and Sam had amassed over the years—Charlie, Jody, Donna, Doug, Ellen, Jo, Garth, Ash—and knew Bobby was right. He would confide in one of them soon. He owed it to himself to be open and honest for once.
“Like, awkward?” Sam stood up, heading straight for the pantry. He came back with a bag of veggie straws, which Dean had long ago decreed pointless sticks of crunchy air. Still, he kept Sam’s snack stash in permanent rotation on their grocery list.
“I like taking care of people,” Dean said, then added, softly, “I like taking care of you.”
“I think he did more than that,” Charlie mumbled, and Dean glared at her until she mouthed “sorry” and glanced back down at her beer.
“Awesomeness. Just lemme turn my cameras on, and I’ll head out…and send Castiel in.”
“Not…exactly…the…word…I…would…use…” Castiel wheezes and coughs, head lulling as he fights to regain control. “It’s more like—” He opens his eyes and stares right into the yellow-eyed demon’s flashing gaze. “Bullshit.”
. Even though that someone was staring at him with something like anger in his eyes…
Dean sputters and looks away, the TV suddenly fascinating. “Bingo. Glad to see you enrolled in some sex ed classes, buddy.”
Dean feels Cas’ hands travel down his arms, wrists, hands. They touch silently for a few moments, the contact feeling immeasurably good and reassuring. What
Dean sputters on his drink, feeling choked up before Cas pats him accommodatingly on the back. “What the fuck? Seriously?”
mates, this could disrupt some of the results. True mates would learn things about each other automatically, ya know? But unmated pairs would probably have more difficulty garnering meaning in the non-verbal communicative space...” She mulled the variants over in her head, then shrugged. “Either way, it’ll make for an interesting thesis defense, which is really all that matters. So, yeah. Let’s continue.”
One person.
Charlie crossed her arms, tilting her head thoughtfully.
his looks, but Dean can’t push down the wave of remorse burning in the back of his throat. They’re having an awesome first date, but it’s clear from talking about the future that Cas can’t get into anything longterm. He only has eight months left in Lawrence, and unless they run into each over holidays when he’s visiting his brother, the likelihood of Dean and Cas keeping in touch is slim to none.
. But there’s also your good suit and favorite jeans and plenty of that flannel you’re obsessed with.”
Castiel tilts his head, his eyebrows raised. His lips are pursed—shaped like a smile that he seems to be holding in. “Your friend, and how she makes the best burger in town?”
They decide, rather consciously, to diminish the awkwardness of standing naked in front of everyone by putting on a sort of strip tease. They face each other with Cas down to just boxers and a button-up, Dean still pulling his suit jacket off, and they start flinging items of clothing into the crowd. The late hour helps, darkness settling over the property with most of their party-goers several drinks in. Castiel’s shirt lands on Jo’s shoulder and she shouts rowdily. Dean’s slacks fall quite awkwardly at Bobby’s feet, who merely rolls his eyes and grumbles something incomprehensible. By the time they’re both down to their underwear, the distraction of their guests has faded into the background of Castiel’s mind, because his husband is…
Castiel brought his hand to his dick but stroked himself slowly, trying to make this last.
“Any idea who it might be?” Sam’s newfound enthusiasm palpable.
Over Joshua’s shoulder Castiel’s eyes flickered to Dean, soothing and poised, giving him a once over. Dean rolled his eyes and looked down at his feet grumpily, receiving Cas’ silent message, probably something like
“You can’t extract it,” Sam says, a little bit of panic in his voice. “We don’t even know what it is. Is it a curse? A hex?”
The alpha feels cold, like the cloud coverage in the sky has gathered and moved right above his head. He’s about to…
The urge to reach out to Dean over the weekend, to look him up online and go to his house and claim his omega, had been unhinging Castiel slowly over the past two days.
too late for that.
“No!” John cries, pulling away from Dean and diving forward. His feet leap across Azazel’s body and his boots collide with Castiel’s shins, chest puffed up, arms open in a protective stance, and then Cas sees it over John’s shoulder—
He sits down on the couch, expression sullen, and Castiel follows him and takes a nearby seat. “I didn’t want to put you in this position,” Castiel explains, wondering why Dean needs him to say it. “It’s a lot to ask someone.”
“I have an idea,” he whispers, more to himself than Dean. “Something I want to add to the wedding ceremony.”
“Castiel,” he responds, shaking the man’s outstretched hand. “I heard a little about you last night. You’re a lawyer?”
Flowers.
but traditional. Hell, me even accepting this gig is breaking like, a dozen ancient ass rules.” He nuzzles his lips against Castiel’s neck, his breath warm and appeasing. “I might technically be your packmaster, but you know you’ll always be
Before he can decide what to do next, Dean feels a hand on his back and he flinches… but then sees the flanneled forearms and the baseball cap.
“Where’s this comin’ from?” Dean asks, genuinely curious.
Nathaniel raised his hand, positioning another stone, but Castiel swiped the iron against him. His form dissolved into gray, ethereal wisps.
“It’s not ‘whatever.’ It’s literally your life’s work that you nearly ruined,” Castiel said, whipping his head up. Dean lifted his eyes in surprise, but kept his eyes on the road. “Your new characterization of Angel, it’s...cold and mechanical. When you removed the implication of romance you stripped the friendship between Mike and Angel completely. You took a gorgeous, complex relationship between two unlikely heroes and made it lackluster and flat.”
With Dean he could just
“Oh, uh, yeah,” Dean grumbles roughly, clearing his throat awkwardly. “After you.”
“Thanks,” Castiel says, giving him a polite smile before grabbing Claire’s hand and leading them away. As Dean watches them go, he spots a glimmering, golden wedding ring on Castiel’s left hand.
Fuck. That last one might’ve worked
When he was sure Charlie’s footsteps were diminished and gone, and they were finally alone again, he gave Castiel one last kiss. Then he said, “So, Mister best-sex-of-my-life-in-a-dressing-room-while-on-the-job… What
Dean sputters a little—Castiel had seen him at work firsthand, during the Valentine’s Day reading. Is this a weird joke? “Yeah,” he says evenly, searching Castiel’s face for any sign of recognition. He doesn’t find one, and Dean’s stomach drops the longer he stares.
Sam 3:28 PM >>
“You and Gabriel are Novaks, right? Like,
Before Benny could reply, Castiel was clearing his throat. “I assume you have previous farming experience, Mr. Lafitte?”
“It’s not just
“Tell Sam that whenever he’s ready to go to the cemetery, I’ll be inside waiting,” he said formally. He walked towards the entrance and flashed his FBI badge, quickly gaining entrance. Dean watched him leave, his heart pounding in his chest. What had just happened? Cas had gotten everything wrong, absolutely fucking everything. But he had given Dean an out, an excuse, a way to omit the truth and squash whatever was developing between them. All Dean had to do was return to the crowd, finish out this case, and in a few weeks, he could boil their whole encounter to pushy crowds and too much alcohol...
“Whatcha got for us, Bobby?” he asks, trying to keep the hopefulness out of his voice.
he mumbles in her direction, and she snorts quietly, gusts of air clouding around her snout.
Evening, friends! I seem to keep unintentionally updating on Thursdays, which is great for those of you watching season 15 live. I hope this brings a little sweetness to your day. <3
okay okay, as excited as I am to have returned to this story, I have a confession to make. So I don't know what happened, but I had major writer's block on this fic, and it lasted soooo much longer than I expected. I really am so sorry, y'all—if you read my other stuff, you know I'm usually very dependable with WIPs. Something just momentarily got disconnected in my creative brain, that's all I can say. Shit happens, I was disappointed in myself, but hey… I got it figured out finally, and I'm back and ready to blow this story out of the water.
Breathe.
, he couldn’t seem to stop writing. Ten months later, he had finished the second book in the series,
Castiel waved a hand vaguely around his face and shrugged. “Don’t have the complexion.”
“Not unless they have a death wish,” Castiel said instantly, and Dean chuckled a little before his eyes settled on Cas’ face. His gaze turned suggestive, those stunning eyes of his opaque with excitement and arousal, and Castiel nearly gasped at the intensity of his attention.
“Darling, don’t you just look delectable,” Balthazar purred, giving Dean’s cheek an air kiss so he wouldn’t smudge Dean’s makeup. “When are you going to tell your agency to put my people on speed dial?”
The applause was thunderous…which was Dean’s last coherent thought before he pulled Castiel in closer, fingering his tie with a strong and unyielding grip, and kissed him.
Dean snorted, glad to have a change in subject. “Well, I
Only once.
If Dean was being honest with himself, that meant everything.
“Yes.” The word rings loud with enormity in the otherwise silent bedroom and Dean is no longer breathing.
Leaned against a nearby tree is Sam’s wife, Madison, arms crossed in her human form. Dean makes a mental note to check in on her later—being a bitten werewolf, not a born were, means she can’t turn at will. He knows from past conversations that these “all-shift” pack events tend to make her feel isolated, and he wonders if he should go stand beside her for support. That, of course, is when the pack elders come through the clearing, so he tucks tail and stays put. Bobby, Pamela, Ellen, and Rufus are all in their human form, as expected, since it’s a little difficult to tend to a fire using paws. Cas is too far away for Dean to scent or see, but he must be nearby, ready to enter the ceremony whenever he receives the proper introduction. Pamela is holding a thick hardbound book, pages dusty and brown, and reads in a loud, authoritative voice:
“Get the fuck away from him,” Castiel growled. Dean heard sounds of a struggle...had Cas punched one of them?
“Hey, Cas,” he greets softly.
Castiel felt himself begin to sweat. Were they
go all the way, he’d surely want to top...which wasn’t Castiel’s preference of the two, but for Dean, he’d do anything. The thought was more than enough to get Castiel aroused, and he felt a familiar tingle in his stomach, his cock semi-hard just from the thought of kissing Dean, pushing him onto the bed, unzipping his pants…
“You don’t get a say in this, okay?” Dean spat out fiercely. “It’s my book, my decision. End of fucking story.”
“Yes, and I think it was a very good use of grace…don’t you?” He kisses Dean’s collarbones, his chest, before settling on his nipples and scraping his teeth against the sensitive bud. Dean’s hips buck up, his back arching off the bed.
and the kids laugh absurdly loud when they realize halfway through the book that Dean’s spelled the room to smell like stinky feet. “Ew!” they shout, giggling hysterically when Dean plugs his nose and reads the rest of the book with a nasally undertone. The air clears with a wave of his hand, and he starts in on
of us.”
, who he had wanted badly for so long. His wrist was quick and practiced, giving long and sensual strokes, paying particular attention to the head before gradually increasing speed along the shaft. Castiel gripped his shoulder tightly. “Oh, Dean, just like that…”
Castiel moved closer, head tilted in confusion. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
as tired. Their bond is incredibly strong, bordering on eerie even, but it’s a magnetism that Castiel can’t believe he ever lived without.
inneduos, when it seemed like something suddenly occurred to her.
Castiel. As in, no clothes or inhibitions. Just the two of them naked, rolling around in Dean’s bed, hands exploring each other’s bodies.
Castiel swallowed, falling into Dean’s gaze, into the openness and sincerity and
Even without Dean shouting his name in warning, Castiel could tell his boyfriend was about to come. He knew all of Dean’s tells by now...the husky inflection of his voice, the quivering of his thighs, the curled toes, the arched back. Dean came and Castiel couldn’t keep himself from staring, transfixed by the shifting emotions crossing Dean’s face…the flustered approach of orgasm, the ecstasy as it came crashing down, the ache as Castiel sucked every drop of come from Dean’s tender cock. And finally, perhaps Castiel’s favorite, the thousand-watt smile, satisfaction painted on Dean’s features without any hint of embarrassment. Dean was sometimes too self-aware for his own good, but in these private, deeply satisfying moments, there was only genuine content on his face. Bliss, even.
know and just haven’t told me yet. I get that you like your privacy, and don’t wanna air your dirty laundry around town. I respect the hell out of that. But if you wanna move forward, these four walls right here? They ain’t the place for secrets, Dean.”
,” he mumbles blissfully, eyes half-lidded, and Castiel breathes through his nose and tries to will his knot down with sheer force of will. His husband is on the verge of falling asleep beneath him, and he needs to get both of them inside and showered and tucked away in bed.
“If it were me, I would do what’s best for everyone,” he croaks, breathing heavily. He stares at the paint spot with concentration, as if it’s the only concrete thing in the room, the only thing tethering him to earth.
Dean pulls a breath away, foreheads touching, and fiddles with the threadbare blanket holding Castiel at bay. “Cas,” he keens, voice a light and husky whisper, “lemme touch you…”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean rolls his eyes and adjusts another box of canned goods. When he stumbles back to his feet, Charlie is looking at him curiously.
Next, he showed Dean his high school yearbook page, where he had worn a dark gray tux and quoted the poet Keats as his senior quote. Bordering the same page, there was a sampling of questions that the yearbook staff had asked the senior class, and that was where Castiel was printed as saying, “I’m going to be a literature professor…no matter what.” Dean raised his eyes at the phrasing, and for good reason—that hadn’t earned him any brownie points at home, though Dean didn’t know that yet—while Castiel just nodded in understanding. Afterwards, he pulled out the big guns: a local newspaper article from last year where the headline read MICHAEL AND LUCIFER NOVAK, JOINT HEIRS OF NOVAK INDUSTRIES written in bold, black letters. Dean took his time absorbing that bit of news, reading the article thoroughly before looking at Castiel with emotion gleaming in his eyes… Respect? Understanding?
“You got it, angel,” Dean said, winking outlandishly and making Castiel crack a small smile. The pet-name had originated from Dean’s
“I personally found the action sequences quite thrilling,” Cas said indignantly.
Before Dean can answer, the brother in question throws the door open, Claire shuffling her feet against the linoleum.
Turns out there’s no remote control, so Dean turns presses the button on the ancient TV set until he finds an old western that’s playing. It’s nearly two in the morning, and Sam’s an early riser—Dean really should be forcing himself to get his standard four hours. But when he lies down flat on one of the beds, watching the TV from a yard or two away, he feels a dip in the mattress beside him. Castiel is there, right next to him. Dean’s heart thuds in his chest…shit, he’s shared beds with Cas before, right? He racks his brain, cataloging every instance. Usually it was because Sam was in the other bed, so apart from a few awkward morning boners, nothing had ever happened between them. Not since Purgatory.
“You have the Colt,” John whispers reverently. “But I’ve…”
It took some searching to find his laundry basket, which was tucked far inside his armoire, hidden from sight. That placement had been intentional, though...Castiel realized a moment too late. Because inside Dean’s wicker basket were jeans, flannel, t-shirts, socks, and...panties. Two weeks worth of panties, in fact. Silk and green, black and cotton, red and sheer. They were mixed together in outfits Castiel had seen Dean wearing earlier this week, which meant...he wore them during the day. Possibly all day, every day. Sitting in the same room as Castiel. He felt blood pumping in his ears, felt his pulse begin to quicken, his cock already semi-hard just from the sudden realization that Dean...Dean wore...
“Did he ever tell you about what happened to him, last time he lived on the streets? The men who cornered him, attacked him everywhere he went. From what I’ve heard, he’s never quite gotten over it. I heard he still has some scars, but that could just be a rumor—”
“Bobby and Gabe are gonna keep going,” he tells Dean, once the call ends. “They, uh, want to get there before—”
He hears shuffling from the other side of the pillar, the sound of someone’s head thudding softly against the surface.
Castiel sighs, rubbing a hand on his temple. “You did, and it was very enjoyable. I’ve been wanting to kiss you for a very long time.”
Ellen raised a hand for silence, looking amused. “Relax, Dean. I was only laughin’ ‘cause
They stayed up for nearly two days straight, just talking. It reminded Castiel of a prepubescent crush, their shared desire to stay up all night long, to need no other entertainment but the company of one another. Around eight a.m. on Sunday morning their rumbling stomachs took them to a twenty-four-hour diner, where Dean explained his obsession with all-things breakfast food and Castiel added it to an ever-growing list of quirky, cute things he loved about his omega. They took a walk afterwards in Castiel’s favorite park, Meyer Basin, so he could show Dean the view of the bell towers, the verdantly green lawn, the trails were he went running. They sat across from each other at a picnic table and swapped stories about their brothers—like the time Sam had been stuck in an elevator with a clown and nearly soiled himself, or when Gabe had faked his own death to avoid a group of thugs who were after him. Dean and Castiel were rolling with laughter by the end of it, laughing so loudly that all the nearby students who were studying shot them exasperated glares. Taking the hint, the pair walked hand-in-hand back to the Impala.
To keep busy, he catalogs his problems. He has a lot of things to worry about, and he rotates through them like a carousel—the outcome of the third trial, dying, losing, or becoming packmaster;
Cas rolled his eyes and licked his lips, ready to respond, when Dean remembered... “What’s up with your lips, by the way? Been leaving the bunker to go frenching like some horny teenager?”
The twenty-plus kids are already circled up on the Reading Rug, sitting criss-cross applesauce. He’s never seen any of these kids before, but he remembers Alfie saying they’re in third grade. There’s a large amount of adult chaperones behind them, one being the teacher and the rest, seemingly, parent volunteers. He takes in the room as a whole—the decorations, the kids, Alfie. For some reason his vision is pulled to the back, where a ridiculously hot guy with messy brown hair and five o’clock shadow is leaned against the wall. His face is practically sculpted from marble, he’s so lean and strong. He's wearing a weird combo of clothes: a business suit, a wrinkled trenchcoat, and a pair of shiny dress shoes.
Howdy friends! Life has been beyond busy lately. Not only am I recovering from the flu, but I'm leaving on a cruise to the Bahamas...today. Hahaha I am just manically laughing to myself because THIS IS SO CRAZY. I'm posting this in my hotel room and am literally ignoring my friends because y'all are more important...kidding not kidding....
, that just won’t do, the alpha’s chest rumbles deep and vibrating and he’s thrusting his tongue and parting Dean’s lips, hot and heavy and unyielding, nothing like the quiet soothing kisses they’ve traded the past few days. This is beyond desire, beyond indulgence, it’s an honest
“I have consulted with the Spirits,” Rowena announces, as if they hadn’t just spent the last ten minutes watching her whisper and grind over her mortar and pestle, “and they have chosen your second task.”
“Good to know,” Castiel says, his voice almost a purr as he leans forward, kissing Dean’s neck and shoulders, the weight of him crushing Dean in the most satisfying way. He feels claimed, consumed, watched over. “Do you feel relaxed?”
“Dean.” The voice is familiar and makes him pause, breathe. It’s Sam. It’s his brother, Sam. Sam is his brother and because of this fact, Dean can hold onto his humanity for a second longer, can fight the impulse to claw at the earth and snarl in the air and tear something apart with his canine teeth—
So, because I posted two chapters last week and this chapter is twice the average length, I’m actually behind on my writing schedule right now. This means I can’t guarantee my usual one chapter per week, but I’m gonna try my damndest to stay on schedule. If I’m a few days late, though, just know it’s coming!
This blowjob was making Dean lose his fucking mind.
“Not exactly a question,” Castiel points out, the corners of his mouth twitching into a smile.
“I’m not sure what I did wrong,” he mumbles, feeling justified in his puzzlement. “I asked you to move in with me, and you said no—”
“Reba McEntire, Jason Isbell, Carrie Underwood, Tim McGraw,” Sam provides, as if he’s memorized the freaking lineup. When everyone gives him a look, he flushes red, the nerd, and adds, “Uh, just to name a few.”
Dean is perched on the arm of the recliner, patiently waiting, when Castiel returns fully dressed. He hands over the revered coffee mug, as promised, and Castiel sighs at the warmth. The combined flavor of coffee beans and minty toothpaste makes him cringe, but not enough to stop, so he finishes the brew in one large gulp. He places the empty mug on the kitchen counter and scents the air—the stale musk of a vacant house, with just a hint of his father’s rich aroma lingering about, clinging to the couch and curtains and blankets. More vibrantly, though, is Dean, the crisp pureness of fresh sage making Castiel feel rejuvenated and reassured. He wants to bury his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, scenting him, leaving a small trail of kisses. He resists, of course, but just barely, and they head out the front door together without conversation. Castiel doesn’t bother to lock up behind him.
“Ah…ah, right there Cas, ah fuck, don’t stop, Cas—”
Sam raises his eyebrows, evidently impressed, but Dean just stares a hole at the beta as he waits. Bobby just sighs and rotates his empty glass, maybe wishing John hadn’t snuck off with their closest bottle.
cry during sex, not even first-time gay sex with his potential soulmate, thank you very fucking much.
Sammy. Old dog, new trick…you know how it is.” Then he reaches into the fridge, grabs them both a Margiekugel so cold the glass is frosted, and they sit together in comfortable silence until it’s time to grab four fitful hours of sleep.
“Hello?” Dean answered the phone tentatively, as if Charlie might have the wrong number.
“Who says they can’t?” Bobby points out, and Dean feels like he’s been suckerpunched.
And then Cas’ bedroom door is being thrown open wide, and the most stunning omega in existence is standing there and staring, chest heaving, mouth parted wide. Eyes locked on Cas.
“Nice of you to join us,” he growls at Bobby.
The question must show on Dean’s slack-jawed face, because Castiel immediately adds, “No no, nothing harmful ever happens. Usually wonderful things happen, if I’m being honest. But if circumstances are strained or things go badly, then it’ll be reflected there.”
“Bullshit?” Dean offers helpfully.
Angry, because…
there are half-waves of goodbye and the sound of the front door finally closing.
“Shit!” Dean cries, feeling on the verge of an insane orgasm, but trying to stave it off long enough for Cas.
“Dude, you can’t just…”
freaking out about. Secretly.
He splashes Cas with a large wave of warm water, hitting his chest and chin, and Castiel splashes him back with a mischievous grin. Before long, they’ve abandoned their beers on the edge of the tub and begin rough-housing recklessly, water cascading off the sides as they flail around. Dean gets water in his eyes, his feet slipping around the bottom, and feels weightless when Castiel grabs him by the ass and manhandles him closer. Suddenly this whole thing seems a lot less funny and a lot more sexy, and he doesn’t struggle out of Cas’ grip one bit, but throws his arms around his neck and leans in. Laughter dies on both their lips, smiles turning to something more feral, more desperate and wanting. Dean wants to memorize everything about Cas in this moment—the glow of his eyes in the near darkness, the feeling of his hands framing Dean’s thighs, the gusts of cold air between them as they share the same air.
“Likewise,” Castiel answered, because if he said anything else, he worried a string of obscenities might fall from his mouth. He alternated between watching Dean’s technique, to watching Dean watch him, to staring in amazement at his own erection—which was now curled in towards his belly, the head dripping and pink. Even in his limited experience, it had never felt
Of fucking course they did.
In, out.
And yet, he didn’t wanna stop.
Dean 2:47 AM >>
Castiel let Dean’s words sink in, trying not to grow flustered. “So,” Castiel started cautiously, “you’re sure…”
I could read…”
“Oh god, I’m so sorry,” he whispers, thankful they’re far enough away from the mics not to be picked up. Dean’s forehead wrinkles, looking suddenly somber, so he adds, “No, no, not about the kiss. But about doing it here.”
“Not sure if you can,” he bites out bitterly. “Did he tell you what he said to me? Last night at the bar?”
“What field is that?” he asks, hoping to sound nonchalant, but he’s praying this gives him some answers. He’s really, really eager to learn whatever it is that Sam wouldn’t tell him.
Sam is squatting down beside him, eyes red and puffy, and Castiel can’t even imagine how wrecked he looks. Desperate. Despondent.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t pry,” he said quickly, and Dean swore he was blushing.
“Can too,” Castiel argues childishly, though he’s suddenly thrilled to see his annoying older brother…and he doesn’t know why. His voice sounds—different. Still his, but not quite as deep, which is unnerving.
“Our best bet,” Castiel explains, thumb still in the corner of Dean’s motionless lips. “If his soul has maintained a connection with his body, and Dean and I have been able to communicate telepathically in the past through touch, then maybe—” He looks down again, optimism coursing through him. “Maybe he heard my message. Maybe he can save himself, save them both. If our theory is right, and if the telepathic connection is still active.”
Dean lifted Castiel’s chin with his finger, his other hand reaching suggestively for his lower back. “Now stop thinking so hard. Get back up here and kiss me.”
“Dean,” Sam whispers urgently, slinking down deep into the Impala’s seat. He tilts his head forward. “Look!”
Vague as the confession was, at least to an angel—humans had hundreds of feelings, often dozens in one day, how could Castiel know
Against his better judgment, a small whimper escaped his throat.
“Dean—”
Castiel threw his hand up, silencing him. He hadn’t meant to say all that, to show his entire hand so dramatically, and he worried that if they continued speaking he might actually combust.
So, yeah, the immediate follow-up meeting with a nameless big wig hadn’t exactly surprised Dean. Before this happened he had kept his nose to the ground for over four months, trading off with Benny and cleaning every other morning and evening, putting his headphones in and being the silent janitor-type. He had worked on autopilot, clocking in and out of this part-time gig to help with the cost of Sammy’s senior year of high school.
Their dad is standing on the other side of the tomb.
“Well, I am friends with your daughter, so I guess I usually keep bad company,” Dean jokes with a smirk. Castiel leans forward, eyes squinting with curiosity, so Dean adds, “Remember Jo? She was in charge of the picnic at the library?”
“You want to cook for me?” Castiel hadn’t intended to sound so astonished, but he wasn’t used to offers like this. Sure, Anna would invite him over, but they would just get Chinese takeout and marathon something on Netflix. No one had cooked for Castiel in a very long time.
“I said no, but that I haven’t been dancing—”
Conflicting.
“Don’t forget to wash your hands,” he calls out as the women’s bathroom door swings closed. He spots Dean watching him, and shakes his head ruefully. “You’d think she’d remember, but the one time I don’t say it, she’ll get all germy and catch a cold. Her mother would never let me live it down.”
“The dream?” he asked, and Castiel nodded.
“So, what? You were getting your rocks off and casting spells without meaning to?”
“Still true,” Dean said jokingly, fingers stroking Castiel’s back. “And then you called me...fuck, what was it?”
because Dean is with him now, sharing in this moment as starkly as if he’d lived it himself.
“You’re really making this a habit, huh?” Dean is leaned against an industrial-sized shelving unit and looking at Castiel teasingly. “Take a picture next time, babe.”
“Need some help?” Dean asked. Jess hadn’t been raised on a farm like Sam and Dean, but damn if she wasn’t a natural. Since taking a break from writing, he had gotten used to working alongside her everyday while Sam went to the office. Even on Sundays, apparently—
“I know I sound like a girl, but it feels weird sleeping alone.”
“Cas, let’s go find Baby—” Dean started, but Castiel pushed him against the wall and silenced him with a quick kiss.
“Uh, anyways, maybe you’re already asleep, which is fine. Totally fine. I mean, why wouldn’t it be fine? It’s not like you had to wait up for me or anything.”
“Chuck rebuilt me…he saved my life,” Cas said quietly, voice trembling with self-awareness. “I would’ve been honored to know you, Joshua. But why…” He glanced down, clearly attempting to think through his next question. “Why did Chuck keep you a secret? He only mentioned you once when he was drunk, and I don’t remember…”
“Oh, I intend to.” He twisted a finger into the denim overalls, folded over at Cas’ waist, and pulled him close with a yank. Castiel yelped in surprise at the sudden heat of Dean’s mouth against his, but instinctively leaned into the intensity of the kiss, the apple rolling from his hand and falling to the floor—forgotten. Dean moaned and pushed Cas against the kitchen wall, pulsing with passion and sheer appetite, his exploration of Castiel’s mouth wet and wild and undeniably filthy. He licked into Castiel’s mouth and nibbled on his lower lip, and when he felt Cas’ erection against his thigh, he snaked his hand into the overalls and began stroking his cock. Castiel trembled at the touch, leaning his head against wall, eyes closed and moaning.
Still, Castiel used the rationale of scientific exploration when he stood up suddenly, in the middle of their otherwise tensely familiar session. Dean, whose expression had been cheeky and allusive for fifteen minutes straight, glanced at Castiel in surprise. They had never done this before, crossed the boundary of the table, and it felt bold and brash on Castiel’s part. Trying to find a way to explain he was only invading Dean’s personal space for, uh,
“The picnic!” Claire shouts, her dad shushing her with an amused expression on his face. “Are you coming, Mister Dean?”
Anna, Lucifer, and Michael make up the other half of the circle and he eyes them heavily. They’re permanently young, frozen in their early twenties. He’s more aged now than his older siblings, at least in physical appearance, and it’s a disorientating thought.
“Please,” Castiel said, eyes turning dark.
dummy. You’re his closest friend here. If you guys are still
“Mornin’, Cinderella,” he says, tone airy and goading. “How was the ball?”
For now they’re all silent, Sam and Eileen in the backseat, their clothes streaked in blood. Cas rides shotgun looking grim and somber, not saying a word as Dean pulls into a rundown motel.
His hand has found a quicker rhythm now, a slide that’s frantic, difficult to maintain. He needs something to push him over the edge.
Castiel laughs, deep and rich, and the sound makes Dean feel warm all over. “I’ve missed you,” he says smoothly, then pauses, adding in a more stilted voice, “Is that okay to say?”
Inside only death.
“Yeah, canoeing. With Charlie and her friend Dorothy. Well, I say friend, but really, Charlie is trying her damndest to get into Dorothy’s pants. It’s pretty impressive, really, how she’s pulling out all the stops. Anyways…” Dean had no idea how he had ended up discussing Charlie’s sex life, of all fucking things. He was floundering. “Uh, back to the point. She wants us to come. You and me. Whaddya think?”
the shower.”
“Snakes,” Dean repeated flatly.
“Cas?” he breathed. He sounded jumpy, nervous.
“The Colt in exchange for Azazel’s head on a stick, your compliance in some of my future endeavors, and of course, the Colt returned to me once you’re done playing the role of stunningly handsome protagonist.” He spins away from them then, ear pressed to the receiver. Dean shuffles backwards and creates a tight circle with Sam, John, and Bobby. They’re all silent, watching him expectantly, and Dean realizes they’re waiting for him to speak first.
The outer crowd had their candles lit with lighters, and leaned into the person beside them, sharing the flame. A woman to Dean’s left shared hers, and he instinctively tilted his candle to the right, watching the tip of Cas’ wick grow black. It was just after dusk, with enough light to make out colors and shapes, but not the angel’s expression. Cas turned dutifully and lit Sam’s candle, then pivoted forward again, eyes focused on the speaker on-stage. Dean was vaguely aware that members of the crowd were volunteering to share testimonials about the victims, many mentioning the Holy Grail’s impact on the LGBTQ community, but Dean wasn’t paying attention. He was stealing glances at Cas, hoping he would turn and look at him. Dean tried not to notice how his candle marked Cas in faint light, his lips pink and glowing, the top half of his face silhouetted in soft shadow. But Cas was breathtaking and Dean couldn’t
“Do you want it, Dean?” The alpha’s cock is sliding around in Dean’s slick, which has been ramped up to a teeming, borderline gush, and Dean knows Castiel must be approaching the end of his rut. How else could he have the patience to tease Dean like this? “Did you want it then?”
Castiel’s dick, surprise surprise, was
Castiel distinguished all the nearby street lights with his angel mojo, but Dean still felt incredibly exposed as Castiel swiveled him around, kissing his neck and shoulders before finally pressing the tip of his finger against Dean’s hole. Dean’s breath hitched at the intruding pressure, but he was so used to bottoming that he was quickly fucking into Castiel’s finger and pleading for more. Castiel added another lubed-up finger inside of Dean. Dean, meanwhile, tried to remember how to breathe.
older than Castiel technically, but only by a year or two, but Castiel just rolls his eyes. Dean leans in then, his expression focused, lips dangerously close to Castiel’s ear, and whispers, “Tonight, feel free to call me anything you want.”
right where he’d left it: on his bedroom floor, at the start of his rut. He picks it up with his left hand and carries it to the couch, leafing through the table of contents before he finds the most appropriate chapter: “Alpha Biology, Habits, Traits.”
“Dean,” Cas said, panting, with a disapproving tone that Dean knew was mostly false. “If you can’t control yourself…”
Dean 2:16 AM >>
“Go to hell,” John growls in response, and Azazel just chuckles.
Dean put the car into drive and swallowed. Hang out with Cas? Without the guise of book writing or research? Just...spend time together because they
“Castiel? It’s Sam Winchester. I’m sorry to call so late. Dean wanted to talk to you—yeah, yeah, I found him. He’s...well. I think he might have alcohol poisoning. I know, but it’ll be okay. We’re gonna take care of him, all right? But he wants to talk to you, just...keep him talking, all right? He doesn’t need to sleep yet or he might choke on—yeah, exactly. Okay, here he is.”
When he finally reached Dean, he cleared his throat and said, quietly, “Hello, Dean.”
Yeah, Dean was full-on panicking now. Zachariah was wrong about a lot of things, but fuck, if he wasn’t kinda right about this.
She tilts the phone in their direction, and apparently, the number one trending items are #DeanCastielKiss, #CMALGBTQ, and #BoysKissing.
The rest of Castiel’s week passed in an unremarkable fashion. He continued his preparations on the Hemingway unit, began considering potential topics for his own thesis, and spent the usual, Thursday night fraternity party watching Meg and Alfie make out. Rather distastefully, he’d add. By the time Friday afternoon rolled around again, Castiel hadn’t been able to keep Dean out of his mind. He arrived in building fifty almost an hour early.
“Hey guys,” he mumbles, looking like he’d rather be anywhere but here.
Jesus…so many years he wasted, not acting on his feeling. The magnitude of what they’re about to do hits him all at once and suddenly Dean is trembling, so scared to ruin this somehow, to damage the only relationship he’s ever cared about. But he can’t possibly untangle himself now—not with the alpha’s fingers sliding against the elastic band of his underwear and grabbing his ass—and more to the point:
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says, then adds sarcastically, “I forgot how subtle you were.”
The demon looks unimpressed and nonplussed by the four weres gathered around him, and slips his hands into the pockets of his slacks nonchalantly.
Finally, he exhales. Time to go for the gold. “What do you know about Azazel that you’re not telling us?”
“No way,” he proclaimed loudly for the hundredth time. Sam and the new girl he was dating, Jess, were sitting on the edge of the couch sharing companionable grins.
Dean chuckles and throws his hand back against the seat, fingers skating across the skin on Castiel’s neck. “So what’s gonna happen if we…?”
“I can appreciate how much you do for the children’s library, Dean,” Missouri says softly. “But this isn’t optional. You all represent just a few departments in the east side of the library. But there are hundreds of employees here total spanning across twenty-seven floors. The fifty other heads of departments have agreed to work this initiative into their busy schedules, so I imagine you’ll each find the time.”
“Dean,” he whimpers, and even to his feverish ears, he sounds rather…
Castiel tried to look relieved at the update, but there was a sudden and sharp ache in his heart at the thought of four more weeks. Four more weeks without speaking to Dean. Four more weeks of honest, unbearable agony. A good amount of pain was painted transparently on his face, Castiel knew, but he couldn’t find the resolve to properly mask it.
“You ‘member Walt and Roy,” Bobby grumbles as way of introduction, and the names click into place like the missing slide of a projector. Walt and Roy are old buddies of John, guys he met right after the Demon War. John spent years hunting with them on the weekends—supposedly. Even as a teenager Dean had been suspicious of them, of how they always seemed jumpy with their shotguns slung carelessly over their shoulders, how weird it was that John would want to hunt with humans when prowling as a wolf was immensely more satisfying. It had never quite added up, John having secret friends outside of the pack, but Sam had only been eleven at the time—thrilled to have Dad gone, their metaphorical rain cloud lifted. Being a big brother was the most important thing to Dean at fifteen, had
As soon as he enters the hallway, it’s a straight shot down and into the rest of the cabin. He can see his brother leaned against the kitchen counter, holding a brown paper sack and looking worried.
“Ain’t no skin off my nose, doc.” He waved his hands broadly and grinned.
Dean reaches over to his nightstand, touched to see his phone was plugged in for him and is fully charged. He checks the time, wondering if he has time to make Cas breakfast before he drops him back off at his car, when he sees a text from Missouri. He skims her text quickly, blinking in surprise. Apparently she woke up thinking Dean needed a vacation day, so she’s insisting that he take the whole day off, and Alfie and Becky are prepared to handle the circulation desk without him. Huh.
did he want that right now, but he also wanted anything and everything Castiel could offer him...his time, his passion, his support, his adoration. He was all in, no longer seeing a point to everyday life without Castiel there beside him.
“Awesome,” Dean says, nodding appreciatively. He loves learning more about Cas’ background—he’s less of a mystery and more of a real person. “You like Nashville?”
“Everyone?” Dean repeats blankly. “I’m not trying to save everyone, just you. And if I can’t even save my own dad, then who the fuck
“I’m simply a mother helping her son,” Rowena clarifies lightly, as if they’re suddenly participants at a freaking PTO meeting.
“Saved by a kiss,” Sam muses, even managing a low laugh. “If Dean survives this, he’s gonna absolutely
"Catch you next time, brother," Benny called, flashing a wink in Dean's direction. Dean smiled thinly and turned around, following Cas up the hill.
Castiel follows him through the cabin as he heads upstairs, going into the master bedroom with the king-sized bed and spacious jacuzzi tub. It’s a room meant for a couple to enjoy, and Dean tries not to focus on how many different spots there are for him to crowd against Cas and push their bodies together and—
“And you shouldn’t be here either,” Dean adds.
“No!” Now it was Cas’ turn to practically wail, and thank god for it. Dean felt relief flow to his fingertips. “I don’t want that. At all. I just…” He bite his lip, looking for the right words. “I’m worried about us.”
“Sorry to abandon you in the middle of…”
Castiel knocked mechanically and waited. He willed himself not to reach for Dean’s hand, not now, not when Zachariah was so close…
Castiel chuckled, waving her off good-naturedly. A month ago he would’ve leapt at the chance, but now… “You’re the one with the student-teacher kink, not me,” he reminded her gently. “I have actual students who I have to face three times a week.” For Meg’s graduate assistantship, rather than teaching, she was in charge of the department’s literary journal.
“Like a backdoor, a way to gather the light together until it all connects,” Castiel agrees. “It’s a long shot, but we have nothing to lose.”
“I dunno why I get so angry. I just know that it’s—it’s always been there. And when things go bad, it just comes out…and I–I can’t stop it, no matter how bad I want to, I just can’t stop it.”
“Nothing important, really. I don’t wanna worry you,” she says, stepping back towards their table with her voice lowed. “But the Campbells came in last week.”
“Nope,” Charlie says with an amused scoff. “Not one bit. Pretty sure he would die from embarrassment if that video was ever leaked. Luckily only
It sure as hell wasn’t wrong.
“How’s your exhibit in Chicago going?” Dean asks casually, after five minutes of walking together in the dark, and Castiel has to hold in a small gasp. He knew Dean had kept tabs on him over the years, but he had no clue just how closely. He should’ve expected it, though, because once a year he would receive a postcard from Dean without a return address. He had twelve of them collected by now, kept in a tiny wooden box he carted around to each apartment. Castiel had moved almost every two years, usually drawn to a new artist’s residency or a temporary gig, but Dean always managed to find him. He suspected the tech savvy beta, Charlie, had something to do with that. He only hoped the demons he was running from weren’t as technologically advanced, though they had no idea he had changed his name to “Edlund” and moved to Vermillion to live with his Aunt Becky.
Dean does not read romance books. He absolutely does not, without a doubt, read—
Focus on how I’m not gonna let you give the fuck up, okay?”
“But if Cas wants to talk, why hasn’t he answered my calls? Or texts?”
He imagined his angel was probably
Dean felt his face and neck grow red. “That’s-uh...no. Nope. Charlie, there’s no way.”
“I…” Joshua turned on his heels, looking at Missouri inquisitively, seemingly at a loss. “Castiel…why…” He chuckled in astonishment, the sound startling. “I refuse to help you and Dean with something that’s clearly vastly important to you, and you…want to stay…in touch?” By his tone alone, Castiel could tell Joshua thought the idea was absolutely incredulous.
“But you’re all forgetting one key fucking fact,” Dean says, animated from the sudden realization. The group looks at him, interested. “All of Azazel’s demons. They killed Cas’ entire family in cold fucking blood. His mom, Anna, all his brothers... Why would they kill almost all the Novaks if they needed their blood to open the gates?”
“I’m Sam, by the way,” a rather tall, brown-haired man announces. He’d been in a conversation with Rowena, but had been gazing at Castiel with curiosity the moment he had come over. “Dean’s brother.”
“Let me get this straight. You knew I’d say no...and so you said yes?” Dean threw his hands up in feigned surrender. “All right, that’s it. We can go back to hating each other.”
I’m the Sam to your Frodo, like, every year for Halloween. And right now you’re treating me with Smeagol-level weirdness.”
Heaven.
“They’re all love songs,” Castiel says, feeling a little nauseous.
“Cas, don’t you dare leave me alone to deal with this—”
He hears Cas’ voice in his head, clear as the direct broadcast of a radio station, only now it seems that since they’ve mated, their telepathic abilities have only increased. Hell yeah, Dean thinks with excitement. This gonna make sex even more mind-blowing…
“Yeah, well, not if we don’t get them both the hell outta here.” Bobby frowns, looking grim. “Let’s get ‘em up.” They maneuver Cas and Gabe to their feet, both standing in the middle to help shoulder either Novak.
He props himself up on his elbows, trying to hear what Cas is doing in the bathroom. It’s not as if Cas
,” Rowena declares, and a sweeping murmur flows through the spectating crowd. Castiel feels the first peak of anxiety course through him—Sam was right. He should’ve been practicing his Gaelic the past few weeks, because he has no clue why that phrase has significance.
for commissioning this amazing piece of art from Pimento Girl. Please go check out this fabulous artist on Tumblr, her Destiel work is absolutely magnificent!!
“I’m surprised you know what that looks like,” Dean muttered, face flushed once the words left his mouth.
“Is that so?” Dean smiled softly, wondering if Anna’s newfound attitude was contagious. “Hypnosis? Ghost writer? Sell my soul to the devil?”
He finishes the reading without any further incident, and the kids beg for another story (as they do) but Dean’s got a puppet show to wing his way through in thirty minutes, so he’s forced to say no. Still, he mills around for a few minutes, listening to some of the chattier kids and introducing himself to the elementary school teacher. He keeps spotting the trenchcoat guy in his peripheral vision, but he’s not quite ballsy enough to go up and introduce himself…at least, not while he’s at work. Awkwardly enough, the teacher slips him her number to “discuss library membership” and he tucks it into his back pocket with zero intention of using it. It’s only after she’s finally left that his eyes wander, realizing he’s lost track of the sexy stranger. Damn. He crosses his arms, ducking his head around casually. He turns around slowly and collides with someone—
Dean grunts but doesn’t reply. Sam and Dean aren’t allowed in his office and never have been, but they had gotten curious over the years, ducking in and snooping a handful of times. What they saw there was a progressively more disturbing scene: newspaper articles threadbare and brown, firsthand accounts of sightings highlighted in yellow, walls covered in photos of the demon that look professionally taken. John was obviously paying someone to tail Azazel, but whoever it was seemed to always be one step behind.
Dean is sweating now, shaking, and it feels ironic that this shitshow is taking place in broad daylight, on a gorgeous summer day. This can’t be happening, he thinks.
“Nobody touch that!” he shouts, turning back to his brother and Benny. “Get a containment box, Benny, and get your guys here to control the crowd. Sam, call an ambulance?”
Castiel truly wants Dean.
During the drive he made polite conversation with the Stovers, comparing the New York and Nashville weather patterns and discussing their favorite local restaurants. The Roadhouse wasn’t known for the food, apparently, but Castiel was fine with that. Dean was cooking for him so often now, such thoughtful and lavious meals, that he sometimes skipped his next meal altogether.
Sam looks skeptical, but seems too focused to press the issue. “Yeah, it’s today at four o’clock. I need Cas to drink this—” He puts the tallest vial in Dean’s open palm. Dean’s opening his mouth to protest using
-decent, and Dean was already shivering at the unhurried intensity of it all. He was clutching Castiel’s shoulder and lower back, hands traveling down to his hips, urging Castiel nearer. Instead he just stayed planted, crowding Dean against the wall, sucking deep marks and leaving sloppy kisses all along on his neck in the same firm, unhurried way.
“Dude,” Sam said. “Are you trying to tell me there hasn’t been something going on? For years? All the grand, romantic speeches, the intense eye contact, the lack of personal space? Or...you keeping his trenchcoat whenever he died and hoarding it like a prized possession? And what about that mixtape—”
He had never spoken this kind of dirty talk
“You’re really worried about him, aren’t you?” he asked. There was a hint of playfulness in his voice, but also genuine curiosity. Castiel tensed at the question and continued shoveling.
“So you see now why we need you,” Dean finished. Joshua opened his mouth again, likely to protest, so Dean barreled on. “You’re a gardener, okay? You of all people should get it. ‘One bad apple spoils the barrel’ or whatever the hell the saying is—”
, his complexion growing pale. “You aren’t...I mean, we aren’t…” He paused, noticeable inhaling. “Breaking up, are we?”
“Indeed. Well, speaking of busy, there’s been a slight change of plans.”
Castiel’s eyes go wide, though he genuinely smiles. “That the snowflakes weren’t real. I didn’t want your cheek to get wet.” His voice is impossibly deep as he says, “But it’s nice to know that…” He doesn’t finish his sentence, and he doesn’t have to. Dean’s face burns bright red.
“Thanks again,” she said. “We can return the favor, and take y’all’s picture now?”
“Mmm?” Castiel almost sounds asleep, which is the only reason Dean inhales one long deep breath and asks, “Wouldjaeverwannamate?”
Not that Castiel is, or even could be, Dean’s “right man”—that would be a ridiculous thing to think, considering they met weeks ago and talked for all of five minutes. When it comes to Castiel, he doesn’t even have a last name or a phone number, but he has a crystal clear memory of piercing blue eyes, and a voice low and sultry, and the way their bodies had gravitated towards each other, just begging to collide—
“Jo’s got this new friend, Tessa. Cute girl. Thought you two might hit it off.” She shrugged, eyeing Dean’s panicked face with suspicion. Castiel felt a ping of jealousy course through him, and took a step away from the bar, hoping to mask his expression.
Dean didn’t come as much as
“I tell you stuff,” Dean defends stiffly, though he supposes he has been a little less forthcoming in the past year. Getting the promotion to director had been a whirlwind, and he’s not quite sure he’s caught his breath. “There’s nothing to tell. I work, I drink, I read, I hang out with you. End of story.”
It takes some finagling, finding the right position, but Castiel picks Dean up and places him on the kitchen island, angled for better access. The omega scoots to the edge, bare ass feeling bizarre on the counter, knees wrapped wonkily about Cas’ middle. He doesn’t even want to imagine the clean-up required to make the kitchen sanitary after this…
Dean 2:29 AM >>
Ten minutes later he was crowding Cas against the shower wall, his lips sucking hard on Castiel’s collarbone and a soapy hand wrapped around his cock.
kind of way.
He was only able to give himself a few desperate strokes before the sound of the bathroom door opening jostled him, and then…
“Sam is perhaps the brightest student in my class,” he said conversationally. “Do you think I could convince him to major in literature?”
Understanding dawns on Castiel’s face, and he nods. “Well, then it was nice to meet you, Dean. I hope it’s not for the last time.”
, nearly died several times over, and he still—lost?
either...not until recently, at least. After he finished the first book,
“Not that my opinion matters, but I think you’re incredibly handsome.”
“Rather be out here with you,” he says simply, as if that statement
Castiel sweeps his omega’s cheek with a finger, kissing his other hand gently.
“I don’t know,” he said honestly. It was an admission that pained him but he didn’t want to lie to Dean, not after everything. He knew the largest part of him was—and would forever be—wildly in love with Dean Winchester. But another part of him felt raw and broken, overwhelmed by the severe emotions he was fighting. When they were together, they became something Castiel had never experienced before...unwieldy, forceful as nature with the fervency and sweetness of honey fresh off the comb. Loving Dean in such an unexpected whirlwind had left Castiel open, vulnerable. Perhaps he needed time alone to build up his walls again...to protect himself so no one else could devastate him like this again.
“Isn’t it unwise to drink during a hunt, anyways?” Castiel said, a question he had intended to ask Sam before he had gotten so distracted back at the motel. Distracted by Dean, and the clothes he was wearing, and the way he had looked at Castiel…
“We’re twenty minutes outside of town.” Sam grimaces, then pulls out his phone. “I’m gonna tell Madison to go over and check on him.”
“Closet?” Castiel asked, stunned. “What closet? Have you already forgotten what you walked in on earlier?”
“So it'll be,” Pamela says gravely, and Dean can feel dread and fear coming off her, off everyone, in waves, “the
“Need a shot for good luck?” Charlie hollers in her best friend’s direction, seeming to only be half-joking because her and Gabriel are fighting over a bottle of whiskey, but Dean dismisses her with a quick “nah.” He actually hasn’t consumed much alcohol tonight, if any at all, Castiel notes…it’s unusual for his husband.
The second opinion was not really an opinion at all, though.
“No yet, Professor. It’s going great so far. Jess is great and
He growls automatically at the thought but covers it up by clearing his throat, staring down at the ground and attempting to be as steady as the earth beneath him. He knows now what’s wrong with him, but it’s so unexpected and downright preposterous that the thought had never occurred to him before now.
to do?” Castiel asked, genuinely curious.
Dean feels the corners of his eyes begin to prickle, wet with tears. He falls to his knees, feeling defeated for a moment, wanting more than anything for his angel to return. God, he’s so fucked up. Why Cas even bothers hanging around him sometimes is a goddamn mystery.
There had never been another option, and though things might get hectic with Sam’s scheduled at the hospital, there was no one Dean trusted more to give him advice and take over in his stead.
wanted some friction against his erection...so he returned to the game. “Ready for more?”
“I know people,” Dean mumbles vaguely, not wanting to give his cards away, but Crowley shoots him an impatient glare until he relents. “Fine. Chuck Novak. Remember ‘im?”
“As if I haven’t had it written since the day after you got engaged,” Sam replies, somewhat of a brag in his voice, and Dean snorts. Nerdy habits die hard, apparently. He ducks into the walk-in closet and gets dressed in a simple navy suit Madison helped him pick out last week, making it more casual with an open blazer and no tie. He adds long patterned dress socks, navy and gold, and shiny camel-colored dress boots. He adjusts the white collar of his shirt, allowing himself a moment of appreciation because
“Wow,” Gabriel said, chuckling, “you just mixed up like…three different fairy tales. That’s impressive.”
“Anyways, it’s only been a few hours but I already miss you like crazy—”
“But you should know, I have a ton of fucking feelings about what happened...and about you. Specifically, where you’re concerned, I-I have feelings. Like, a lot.”
“Ah, n-no, that’s fine,” Dean says in a rush, feeling flushed and bright red. “He probably doesn’t even remember me.”
“We’re home now, by the way. Tell Cas you’ll call him tomorrow.”
“Sam,” Castiel rasps, rubbing his temples, trying to breathe, “why...why are you here?”
into having sex with one particular sexy-ass dude, and Cas would accept every contrasting part of him. Not only accept it, but seemed to relish it, cherish it, genuinely enjoy it. So fuck it, yeah, Cas was basically his home now and Dean was willing to follow him around the entire goddamn country if it meant never losing this feeling.
who commissioned it from Pimento Girl. Please go check out this stunning artist, whose interpretation of Cas' paintings is ~blowing my mind~
“You go find Cas,” his brother instructs. “Jody and I will deal with this…dick.” He casts a distasteful frown at the alpha in the ambulance, but Dean almost chuckles at the word play. He has a surge of love, of thankfulness, for his little brother.
I. Am. So. Excited. To. Share. This. Chapter.
,” Dean argues, feeling defensive on past-Cas’ behalf. “The door was already open for you.” To emphasize his point, he pulls the alpha’s hand from his back and places it squarely against his chest, keeping their hands pushed together. Castiel tilts his head, looking at him curiously, but Dean just closes his eyes and exhales.
“Well then,” Dean begins with a smile, “come back to my place? I’ll order a pizza, and we’ll see where the night takes us?”
This whole thing had begun on Dean’s twenty-first birthday. Sammy had bought him a yearlong romance audiobook subscription called
“Am not,” Castiel grumbled. He pulled away, giving himself more space on the futon. Why he let Gabriel convince him to attend these ridiculous “Thirsty Thursday” parties every week was beyond him. More to the point, he was a member of this fraternity because it looked good on his resume and it appeased Gabe. His brother was the only member of his family that Castiel kept in touch with, so it had seemed worth it at the time to volunteer as the frat secretary, pay his semester dues regularly, and show his face at the parties. Parties where he’d always been content to mess around with his friends-with-benefits, fellow grad student Meg.
Dean rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to argue, but Castiel interrupted.
“Who’s your crush?” Sam asks, the perceptive little shit that he is. Dean grimaces.
Society was dead fucking wrong.
John will be fine, Dean knows this like he knows how to sleep or cook or shift. It’s an instinctual knowledge at this point, something he doesn’t worry about or second-guess. But Cas…
“If you say so,” he mumbled, trying to sound more confident than he felt.
“Dude, I know it comes from a good place, but seriously,
He’s in love with his best friend, and is fairly sure their situation falls into the unrequited category.
“This isn’t distracting me you know,” Dean says with a dopey grin. “Thanks for the clean up, but I still want to know what’s so damn funny. You’re gonna give a guy a complex here.”
“Might be outta my mind, but ’m ready for you, alpha,” Dean croaks, and Cas can’t tell if his voice is weak from exhaustion or emotion or arousal. Maybe all three. “But this time…can I…?”
“Hmph,” Castiel said, his tone exaggerated, tilting his head as if he were mulling it over. “Not impressed. I know plenty of those already.”
Anna sighed, rolling her eyes. “You’ll wanna come with me, Cas. I promise.”
“We will, thank you,” Castiel said formally, pushing his bike towards the shed. Dean watched him go, feeling impressed, annoyed, and turned on—somehow in equal measure.
more questions about this whole thing than you did,” she said.
“Let’s all try and speak calmly,” he said, but everyone shook their heads, ironically in unison. Zachariah looked at Anna and Dean, eyes narrowing.
“‘Uh, hey’? Seriously?” Anna’s voice was shrill, louder than Dean had ever heard it.  “Three months, Dean.
“You didn’t exactly give me an opportunity,” Cas points out. “You caught me...quite off-guard.”
“That’s what this is about?” Dean said, looking at him curiously. “Well, I dunno about you, but last night was fucking amazing for me.”
UPDATE: There is now some STUNNING ART in this chapter!!! Five billion thanks to my beta and bff
“Let it be so,” Bobby proclaims, and the remaining elders repeat the same phrase together in a harmonious chant. This is their cue, and Sam trots over to his side as Dean fumbles with the clasp of the cape. He unties it finally and throws it off his shoulders in one tremendous flourish. He’s just wearing jeans and a flannel, like he always does, but he feels a surge of confidence as every wolf begins to howl, unprompted, in recognition of his newfound packmaster status. Bobby tries to finish the ceremony with the usual command—
“I already know, but I don’t have an answer, Castiel,” he replies softly, arm tucked around his wife. “I don’t know if you did the right thing, tossing your name in as packmaster. But watching you, how you’ve challenged yourself, how you’ve grown…” He takes a step forward and hovers his frigid hand on the center of Castiel’s chest. “I’m proud of you, son.”
“Hey, you can’t punish me for doing my
Castiel had expected the morning-after to include some awkwardness—not only from personal experience, but because Dean might be suppressing panic or regret. He certainly would not be the first, and Castiel wouldn’t have taken it personally. Well...at least he would have tried not to. Still, he was pleasantly surprised when they enjoyed a hot shower together, washing each other’s backs and laughing at the small size of the clawfoot, maintaining their natural ease and newfound intimacy all morning long. Dean put his jeans on from yesterday (tossing the stained panties, much to Castiel’s dismay) and borrowed a flannel from the closet. Dean easily made the checkered red pattern look ten times better—according to Castiel, anyways. They managed to make it through the lobby without running into Donna or Doug, something he was immensely thankful for. Even though Dean claimed he didn’t care what his friends thought, Castiel knew firsthand how difficult the coming-out process could be.
“I’m fine.” He pulls the blanket tighter across his shoulders, and Dean’s expression is muddled and hard to read—fearful and apprehensive, relieved and affectionate. Dean is huddling close to him now, hands lingering on him. He inclines his head questioningly, so Castiel continues.
Castiel breathed against Dean’s neck, trying to calm down. His hands were still wrapped around the man’s hips, partly in a honorable way—hoping to keep the man safe and steady—and partly…
“Only one way to find out,” Anna countered, voice low and slow, as if she were thinking out loud. “Dean and Cas have to go to Cleveland...tonight.”
Castiel opens his mouth, still looking flustered, but Sam answers first. “Jeez, Dean, at least let the guy get dressed before you kick him out.”
“I will never let anything happen to you…ever…again,” Castiel promises, each word tough and sharp as a nail tack. Castiel removes his finger to stroke himself with slick and Dean feels empty and wanting and ready to fucking go, tugging a few times on his own dick and knowing how goddamn full he’s gonna feel soon, how stretched and wet and desperate his hole is gonna be.
Greedily.
And then Castiel’s stomach growled loudly in the empty room, making him flush in embarrassment. Oops. He had skipped lunch today and it audibly showed. Dean only chuckled, the sound easygoing and unruffled. He pulled his hand away, much to Castiel’s disappointment, but then kneeled beside his chair. He came back up with a brown paper sack rolled at the top, and extracted a partially smushed sandwich, diagonally cut. Castiel watched in near amazement as Dean opened the plastic baggie and offered Castiel half. Figuring it would be more rude to refuse, and feeling genuinely hungry, he took a half. They cheers’d their snack together at Dean’s insistence, lovable dork that he was, and Castiel took a tentative bite. It was a PB&J sandwich with jelly, not jam. Castiel’s favorite.
far—and Cas relayed the message before hanging up.
“I think it’s a great idea,” Jess said. “Just to help out. You still on-board, Benny?”
Dean lowered himself cautiously into Castiel’s lap, tilting the angel’s head up and looking into his eyes. The hand Castiel had been using to roam Dean’s zipper was carefully pulled away, entwined now with Dean’s fingers. Dean leaned forward and kissed him gently...a purposeful action, Castiel knew, considering how heated their interaction had recently become. Just the quick brush of Dean’s lips began to ease his nerves.
“Please,” he whispers, knowing Cas will know what he means.
But Castiel doesn’t answer. The phone rings and rings, and Dean calls once, twice, a dozen times before he starts to spiral.
“Dean—”
“Pretty sure Sammy would have a field day in here,” Dean continued, the pads of his fingers skating across a row of hardback nonfiction titles. Castiel had his bookshelves organized by genre, then author, and arranged by size and color, of course. He was no monster.
The demon seems surprised enough to laugh. “Did you know that the demon sacrificed to close the gates was Cain?” Castiel cracks an eye open just minutely, and he can see her grin—two rows of impeccably white teeth. “Seems unavoidable that a woman should die to clean up his mess.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel greets, as Dean comes behind him, settling his chin on the alpha’s shoulder and slipping his hands over his boyfriend’s stomach.
“Is this something you’ve dreamed about?” he asked, his voice reverberating so deeply, Dean could practically feel it against his chest. His dick perked up then—at the question, at the sound of Cas’ voice, at the memory of everything they had done last night.
good. The motion of Dean writhing on top of him, rocking his hips and setting a desperate rhythm, was enough to overwhelm Castiel. He leaned his head back against the seat, his legs feeling shaky and weak.
He knew he was being rude to Gabe, but fuck it, he had told them both no and they had both proceeded as if they knew better than Dean when it came to his own goddamn love life. He was fuming angry and fought the urge to leave, but knew he couldn’t leave Sammy stranded without a ride home.
“You mean it
“Oh yeah, it’s necessary,” Dean confirmed, as the angel handed back the flask. Dean tipped it sideways and frowned at little when he realized it was empty. “Well...damn. You could’ve left me some.”
with your writing. And you already have the perfect idea lined up. All you need to do is write it!”
“I promise to be your lover, companion, and friend.” Castiel stares sweetly, openly, into Dean’s eyes.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Get him ready for…?”
Sam’s voice drifted off quietly, and Castiel closed his lips in a tight pucker. As soon as the words had left Sam’s mouth, Castiel knew it had been the clear and honest truth. He thought about how he must look from the outside—a rich academic, a privileged frat guy. Was that really what Dean thought of him?
“Got him,” he hears someone announce, maybe the hooded man, his tone triumphant. “Someone tie him up—he’s looks more beefed up than his brother.”
And fast.
Not only that, but his feet…
“Well, shit,” Benny mutters, saying exactly what Dean is thinking, but he’s too stunned to speak.
“Before coming in my mouth?” Dean licks his lips and chuckles, the pad of Cas’ thumb worrying his bottom lip in a way that’s immensely sensual. His tongue brushes almost absently against Castiel’s thumb, but it sends a spark of adrenaline through him. Shit, he’s so into Cas, it’s almost embarrassing.
“Yep, they’re in an unmarked van now. I’m staying a few streets behind, but I think they’re heading in your direction—”
The corners of Sam’s mouth move minutely, a gesture that mirrors a small smile. “No, that’s not… Don’t you remember, Cas? We read something about this in
But…Dean…
“That would be challenging for anyone to accept, Dean. You don’t have to compare our situations...like most people, we’ve both encountered difficulty.”
They finally meet in the middle, standing directly beneath the arch with Pamela in the center. She’s wearing a knee-length summer dress with gold-patterned flowers, her curls tucked into a bun. Sam is standing beside her, closest to Dean, with Gabriel nearest to Cas. The crowd is packed but quiet now, but Dean hardly sees any of them right now. Because…
he thought longingly.
“Shit. Who is it?”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Castiel said evenly, and fuck, his voice was low and raspy and Dean hoped to hear that voice broken and moaning by the end of the night. “I’ll accept that drink, though.”
“Twelve years,” he barks as soon as the door closes, voice all rage and fury, “twelve years, Cas, thinking about you and waiting for you and you’ve been….what? Keeping in touch with Mr. V-Neck in there? Drinking champagne in Paris with some chick who has the most obvious crush on you I’ve ever seen?”
but for the first time it’s unnecessary. The weres are already united, cohesive in their joy, and after a while, their brand-new packmaster cups his hands around his mouth and joins them.
“Shoulda told me you were a hippie ‘fore you got me naked,” Dean grumbles goodnaturedly. He’s never been in this situation before, ever—getting a magical rubdown from a fully-clothed man as he waxes poetic, philosophizing about sex.
“That’s why I wanna do this,” she said firmly. “He has major writer’s block, but he’s not opening up to me anymore. He’s spiraling...and I don’t know how to help him.” She frowned, and Castiel mirrored her expression. After fifteen years in the industry, he could certainly empathize. He knew how close a writer and editor could become.
“Why?” John barks. “You’re a demon, and all demons are the same. Evil.”
The fantasy was broken.
Dean 2:45 AM >>
It was early evening by now and Dean’s stomach was growling. He texted Cas that he was on his way back, throwing on his leather jacket and texting it all-caps
, and he couldn’t find the strength to disentangle himself. Instead, he put his hands on the small of Dean’s back and leaned in for an embrace.
“Okay, right? I was floored when Charlie showed me pictures. There’s a movie theater upstairs and a
“‘May god have mercy,’” Sam read aloud, shaking his head. “Well, that’s ominous…”
Cas looks distracted, considering one of the elders is calling his name from behind, but he tucks in closer to Dean and shouts above the noise, “What’s that?”
It isn’t the ideal time to have a giggle fit. The world is ending, semen’s leaking out of his rear end, and the love of his life is looking at him like he might have to take him back to the psych ward. And isn’t that fitting, since Purgatory and Cas going crazy seemed to go hand in hand. Maybe it
Castiel swiveled in his office chair, crease lines of worry smoothing over at the sight of Dean.
“It doesn’t matter. Dean, you need to leave.”
“Thanks, Cheryl Blossom,” he said dryly.
Sam smiles faintly, nodding. “Yeah, that sounds good.” There’s a beat of silence, a pause that feels substantial, before he continues, “As much as I miss hanging out, I really am glad you have him.”
Dean 3:03 AM >>
he wants you, Castiel. Don’t you see? He wants someone he can manipulate, which he’s always been able to do...before you met Dean, that is. You disagreeing with him on the
“You don’t
That, of course, is when Dean heard the sound of a throat clearing. “I hate to break-up what is definitely
Dean 3:05 AM >>
AAAAAHHHHHHHH.
Then panic settles onto John’s face and only Castiel can see it.
Dean watches in horror and dismay as his friends and neighbors begin to move, to vote. It feels like being suckerpunched, watching people he loves and respects vote against his dad. The first on Cas’ side of the divide are Charlie, Jo, Kevin, Linda, Ash, Garth, and Madison. Sam seems immobile for a moment, eyeing his dad with sympathy and guilt, before joining his friends and wife on the Novak side.
But he does remember one thing.
“I refuse to listen to techno sober,” he growled, just loud enough for a group of nearby men to turn and give him a curious look. Dean glanced down, seeming embarrassed, and Castiel snorted and wandered back to the lobby. He had a suspicion that some of the religious decor on the wall was actually authentic, but he needed a closer look. He leaned into the wall, staring at a faded gold cross he suspected was from the early nineteenth century, when he felt a hand on his elbow.
And then his mother had slid into the pew beside him, wordless with her shoulders hunched, innately aggravated about some element of Castiel’s demeanor that he couldn’t understand.
Castiel wants to agree, wants to brush the remaining residue of their middle-of-the-night argument under the rug, hidden away from sight. But he can’t pretend to be okay, not yet.
He howls.
Joshua looked to Dean for an explanation, but it was Castiel who spoke.
“I didn’t miss you either,” he quips, offering a sweet and knowing smile. Dean glances at the alpha with thick and fluttering lashes, his expression abruptly turning shy, and then his arm wraps around Castiel’s shoulder and holds him close for the rest of the drive.
“Thought we told you no PDA,” Michael says, though it’s a casual reprimand.
Full. On the lips.
is over.” He paused, waiting for her react or interrupt. When she didn’t, he continued. “I don’t
Dean snorted, wishing he could see Castiel’s face. “We don’t have any money,” he reminded him. He slid away from Castiel gently, and pulled his boxers and jeans back on, feeling slick and dirty and happily depraved. Castiel did the same, cleaning up where he could, but they would both need a long, hot shower back in the motel. Of course, their showers together usually resulted in them becoming dirty all over again. When it came to Cas, Dean was insatiable.
“Dean.” Castiel looked just as shaken, as if maintaining his cool was a concentrated effort. “I assume you know why you’re here?”
“Or, I can enjoy your cock,” he argues, moving his body in time with Castiel’s hands and cock. He’s getting stimulation from every end, and it’s so overwhelming that he wants to cry out. “Splitting me open, stuffing me full…”
“I’ll sleep in the car,” Castiel interrupted, tone more dismissive than he intended. The truth was, he didn’t trust himself to be alone with Dean right now. If they shared a room, a
“Do you think it’s too early for me’n Cas to move in together? And…uh, all the other stuff that comes with that?”
“Only a few weeks in, and you’re already making up excuses for him?” Crowley frowns benevolently, as if he’s genuinely worried about Dean’s relationship and not just trying to rile him up. Dean knows he shouldn’t take the bait, but he can’t help but asking…
He takes in a shuddering breath and whispers, “Hey, wherever you are, it’s not too late.”
He had no idea where to suggest to meet up for their first date—usually he just ends up getting horizontal with the randos he meets at the Roadhouse, no fancy first date needed—but Cas had mentioned trying out this new rooftop bar downtown. Since it’s early spring and there’s surprisingly no rain in the forecast, Dean had agreed, though he tends to shy away from trendy bars. He may be a librarian, but he’s not some freaking hipster—give him a sticky bar floor and a shot of cheap whiskey any day. Since they’re meeting only two blocks from work, he makes great time. He waits at the bar downstairs and shoots Cas a text, explaining where to find him. Castiel is apparently stuck in traffic, and then he’ll have to spend a few minutes finding parking, so Dean has some time to kill.
Snaps.
“Twenty-one. I know.” Castiel glanced up him coyly, holding a manilla folder. Dean looked at him in surprise, so Castiel said, “I like to know more about the employees who require weekly disciplinary meetings. I’ve read your file, Dean, but I still can’t figure out—” Castiel had been shuffling through the papers, but now he met Dean’s eyes with curiosity and focus, as if trying to solve a puzzle blindfolded. “Why you’re trying to get fired.”
“Laugh all you want, Dean,” Anna continued fiercely, “but you and your family have always beat impossible odds. I know your history, and I know what you’ve been through. You’re a fighter, okay? Don’t you dare quit on me now.”
Castiel shouts and follows, experiencing the most intense orgasms of his life as he pumps Dean full, coming for so long that he slumps down and exhales, feeling wobbly and drained. They’re linked together for an immeasurable amount of time waiting for Cas’ knot to gradually unswell, so they brush lips and kiss gently, never speaking but holding each other and breathing heavily, the disbelief of having sex
“So close—”
They shed their clothes in a frenzy, panting and kissing and touching, until they were both stripped down to their underwear. Dean was wearing cheeky cotton panties, sky blue, with delicately scalloped trim that accentuated his tight, tan ass. Dean’s hard cock wasn’t at all contained, sliding out the side in such an obscene way that Castiel could feel his body tremble with lust. They traded filthy kisses, all flips of tongue and nips of teeth, and then they were tumbling down into the hay. They both smiled instinctively at the texture, the feeling of hay tickling their bare skin, but then Castiel took Dean’s nipple into his mouth again and the air around them intensified. He left a trail down Dean’s abdomen and thighs, worshipping Dean’s body with his mouth, before kissing Dean’s cock through the thin layer of panties. Dean inhaled and wove his hands into Castiel’s hair, tightening.
His throat felt tight and constricted. He swallowed forcefully, body burning with emotion. There was no doubt in Dean’s mind that he loved Castiel. It had barely been a month but he had never felt anything as potent, as terrifying or thrilling. He loved his long and muscled frame. He loved the way he spoke, all  formal and stuffy and adorable. He loved the way he held a book in his hands, the way he took his coffee, the sound of his voice, the touch of his hand. He loved his passion and his wrath and his coyness and his gentleness...
Dean has spent the last twenty minutes wondering if this is some fucked up episode of
The bodyguard moves past him, searching for Cas, and Dean parts the curtains and glares down at the window. He can see Benny already walking up the driveway, a cellphone to his ear. Dean groans, his plans for the evening officially ruined.
“Me too.”
tied up, waiting for me to—”
far, surprisingly, since Castiel had never considered himself good at deep-throating. But as it was with everything else, Dean seemed to be his exception. He breathed through his nose and took Dean’s cock in deeper, swallowing and moaning around the head, and Dean was grasping at straws of hay and repeating Castiel’s name like a mantra. When he felt Dean was getting close he pulled away with a soft pop.
Castiel laughs, full and unexpectedly, and Dean smirks and leans into the seat. Yeah, okay, this whole thing might’ve thrown him off-course, but Dean Winchester’s still got it.
“That was for charity!” Dean huffed. “You and Sam swore to never mention it!”
Dean groaned, covering his face with his hands. “You’re not gonna like it,” he said through his hands.
He takes a step closer, crowding her slightly and fighting the urge to bear his teeth.
Dean laughed, shaking his head. Sometimes Cas’ quick-witted humor took him by surprise, but he enjoyed bantering with Cas. Before he could reply, though, Charlie’s yellow car pulled into the gravel lot. She parked sharply and swung her door open.
on the plane.”
“Right, well,” Jess said awkwardly. Dean had no idea if she was observant enough to notice what was happening, but Dean was thankful for her all the same. “Benny can come back tomorrow, Dean, if you have a few hours to help train him?”
He sighs, slipping on his pajamas and settling in between the crisp cotton sheets. He needs to rest well, because tomorrow—tomorrow may well change everything.
“Hmm…true.” Dean tilts his head, as if lost in thought. “Well, here’s my counterargument.”
Castiel 3:19 AM >>
Dean pried himself away and rummaged through his suitcase, intent on retrieving the lube. Castiel, however, misinterpreted the motion, looking Dean with wide and panicked eyes.
“We were on the same page. We
“Dude, ‘cause it’s a gay club...in a church.” When Cas stayed silent, Dean looked at him, curious. He waved a casual hand towards the club, wondering if Cas understood the irony. Cas had been on-and-off earth for over a decade, Dean was well-aware, but he was still a socially awkward angel. A baby in a trenchcoat, one might say.
Dean concentrates hard on the spot of paint on Castiel’s shirt, chipping away on it with his fingernail. His eyes are watery, burdened with unshed grief. A moment ago he had been happily snuggled up with Cas,
“That’s not fair,” Castiel replied, not letting Dean’s first comment go unaddressed. “I was in my rut. I could’ve hurt you—”
“You know, I oughta thank that boy you’re half-crazed over,” Ellen mused, stacking the freshly dried glass on the shelf behind her. “With how much whiskey you’ve ordered in the past two weeks, you’ve paid my electric bill twice over.”
But in his distracted state many others have joined Cas’ side, families and mild-mannered weres who benefited the most from the peace Chuck had given them post-war. Dean is still standing with the elders squarely in the middle, observing the spectacle like a trainwreck he can’t resist watching. By Dean’s count Castiel is still down by four votes...until Rufus turns and says, “it’s time,” and all the elders move collectively to the edge of the Novak camp. Dean hadn’t even known the elders could vote, but they
“Interesting. You wanted to do this to me, but you seem incredibly susceptible to it,” Castiel whispers evenly, his mouth continuing to lick at Dean’s nipples as his hand begins to wander southward.
Well. Not a vacation, that was for damn sure.
“That was...unfortunate,” Castiel said truthfully, because he had already told Dean a white lie earlier about finding the panties—
Castiel lies still as a statue, body tense and cold in a harsh, immediate sense. He had been cozy and relaxed just moments ago, and Dean had been safe and protected in his arms, but now…
“What would you like to talk to me about, John?” he asks rather bluntly, and John smirks, regarding him fully for the first time.
…are immediate. He gasps, his veins at once icy and burning hot, the pain sharp and throbbing. His only clear thought, beyond
“Not to me.” Cas reassures him with another kiss, this one long and pointed, the kind that bring about hickeys. Hm, that’s a thought. Covering up his alpha with hickeys…
“At this point, it’s all we have to go on, Dean,” Sam argued. “And the candlelight vigil is starting in—” He checked his wristwatch and winced. “—an hour. I checked the online event page, and hundreds of people have RSVPed.”
Cas stirred beside him, looking at Dean reverentially, as if being called Dean’s boyfriend was the greatest compliment. Dean looked down and blushed, putting a relaxed hand on Castiel’s knee.
Night is in full swing by the time they walk back towards civilization. There’s the high-pitched hum of crickets and cicadas, even the occasional bullfrog from the rushing stream of creekwater. Cas has forgotten how heightened his senses are in nature, how connected he feels to the earth when he’s not surrounded by metal and asphalt. Navigating the forest in the dark would be a dangerous activity for most people, but the eyesight of weres is sharp, crisp even in shadows. More importantly, Castiel and Dean had spent their childhood playing in these woods—exploring together as boys and pups. It’s surprising, but not unwelcome, how effortless this all is for him. His internal blueprint of the forest reappears naturally, detailed as a treasure map.
“That was unexpected, but freaking awesome,” Dean answered, face radiant in the afterglow. He reached a hand towards Castiel’s boxers, stretching the elastic waistband and reaching inside.
“While he’s sleeping in his locked house?” Sam chuckles good-naturedly, reasonably, and Dean feels immensely grumpy and patronized by the sound of it. “C’mon…I care about Cas, too. But we oughta worry about ourselves right now, okay? He stayed behind so we wouldn’t lose focus.”
She frowns at him sympathetically. “How wise…” She pats his shoulder politely. “Good. You’ll need it.”
“I like the nickname, by the way,” Castiel says, taking a long sip of his beer. “Balthazar calls me ‘Cassie’ but it’s never been my favorite.”
Castiel is frozen behind him, breathing uneven, fingers rubbing circles against Dean’s sternum. “Then you got away?”
“Fergus MacLeod…huh.” Bobby swivels his baseball cap around, scratching absently at his temple. “That name sounds awfully familiar. Who the hell is Fergus MacLeod?”
impressive, but still. What the fuck?
but Dean only nodded noncommittally, thankful that Sam’s beta nose wasn’t sharp enough to pinpoint the waves of restlessness that were crashing around inside the omega. He popped in a Rolling Stones album and turned the volume up louder than was necessary, effectively ending the possibility of conversation. He parked Baby as close as possible to Cubberley Auditorium, but now that the fall semester had resumed at the end of August, all the students were back on-campus. Somewhere along the way Dean had started to refer to them as just that—
Swaying now in the hammock, Dean was trying to think of a reasonable explanation for why he had been ignoring Anna so tremendously. Eventually he realized he didn’t have one. Apart from signing a new contract she had emailed him, he hadn’t engaged with her in months.
Standing in the coffee shop now, Castiel shook his head, attempting to clear his mind. Just being in Nashville meant he was incredibly close to his hometown, just a small farming city forty miles south. The possibility of running into someone he knew—someone from his past—was significantly high. On top of all that he was nervous about meeting Dean, wondering if he would look as handsome in person...but didn’t allow himself to follow that train of thought for long. Instead, he stood in line at Frothy Monkey and ordered himself a large coffee. He wondered absently what kind of coffee drinker Dean would be—dark roast? Cappuccino? Why was he so curious about this man? The coffee shop was busy, but he managed to claim a small table by the window. He spread out his notepad and laptop, in case Dean had some pages or files ready for his review, and waited.
Castiel rounded the bedroom corner and Dean practically
“Who?” Dean asks, sounding edgy and cautious, but Castiel is already halfway to the front door and doesn’t get a chance to answer. The shop inside is tiny and eclectic, filled with various art supplies that Castiel is already itching to touch and examine. Behind the counter is one of his old high school friends, Balthazar, wearing a low-cut v-neck shirt. Not only that, but shopping in one of the narrow aisles is another old friend of his, Hannah.
Two decades ago he had been gawky and fourteen, sporting a mop of unruly brown hair and sitting in the pew of his mother’s church. He was alone, quiet—how he spent every biweekly occurrence at church, sulking and withdrawn. It was an early Sunday morning and service hadn’t yet begun, so Castiel let his eyes and mind wander, catching Raphael’s gaze down at the altar.
“The idea popped into my head,” Dean finally explains, standing up with hands on his hips and eyes shut. He leaves out the part about the telepathic kiss, about believing it was Cas who somehow zapped the concept straight to his brain. “If the only way outta here is through the light, then all we gotta do is make our spot so bright that it connects with
