"I'm sorry to have to do this, but I had no place else to crash," Nick says. I raise an eyebrow as I lay my boss down on the white couch. Aw, shit. That blood is going to stain, isn't it?
“What about Ultron himself?” Steve inquires. I’d bet anything that if I turned around his eyebrows would be furrowed in his signature Grumpy Patriot style.
~~~~~
"What?" Clint groans, obviously fed up with the suspense.
I don’t know where the goddamn cafeteria is, I can’t find Fury, Hill or Nat and I don’t want to ask any of the agents. Sighing wearily, I dig a pack of gum out of my pocket, popping a piece in my mouth. It should tide me over for a while—at least until I find something with caffeine.
"Finally,” I mutter, backing away from my partners and heading for the closed cargo bay doors.
The two of them are too close to get a clear shot in, so Clint stands at the ready with another arrow nocked and ready to draw. I’m tense, bouncing the balls of my feet, waiting for an opening that won’t endanger our supersoldier.
I laugh, taking my feet down from the coffee table as Thor suddenly turns away, towards the door. Steve looks over his shoulder, meeting my eyes and nodding before he follows the demigod out.
The redhead holds up a finger, pressing it to her mouth, and I nod. Gesture upwards, then mime nocking and drawing a bow and arrow. Nat nods, gesturing to my left and beckoning for me to follow.
"The answer to your question is fascinating," Zola says. "Unfortunately, you shall be too dead to hear it." There's a whirring, and Steve whips around, shield already in motion. Too late. The glorified frisbee bounces off the closed doors of the elevator, and I duck so that I won't get hit as it returns to the supersoldier.
"Lynx, a block north and to your left is a restraunt. More of them are in there, about twenty civilians."
“Never heard of it,” Sitwell replies quickly, backing towards the edge of the roof as the supersoldier advances at a fast pace.
The soft clicking of a gun being reloaded makes me tense up, hand going to where my second gun is concealed at the small of my back.
Thor sets Mjölnr on the same coffee table we’d been trying to pull it off of just a few days ago. The steps he takes towards the creature are the gentlest, softest ones I’ve ever seen him take.
Sam soars overhead, depositing Sitwell back on the roof, before looping around and sticking a landing, wings retracting into the jetpack on his back. Natasha, Steve and I all make our way over to Sitwell, who’s on his hands and knees.
“Gotta go,” Clint tells Kate, hanging up and slipping his phone onto his pocket.
“Hey, Hawkass?” I call into my radio, decaptitating another alien in a spray of blue blood. I wrinkle my nose as some of it splatters over my clothes, but whirl around in order to rugby-tackle another, shoving a blade through its neck. “Backup would be appreciated.” There’s no response, and I swear as I duck out of the way of another speeder. A white-hot jet of purple laser hits me in the side, and I swerve wildly off course, crashing into a speeder. The alien driving it takes the opportunity to grip my neck in a crushing grip.
“JARVIS was the one who told me you woke up,” he says.
“Clint, why don’t you show everyone where to get the towels,” Laura says, patting his shoulder as she makes her way to the kitchen. “I think they all need some time to freshen up.”
Ultron stumbles back, both hands going up to cradle the small bullet hole in his otherwise unmarried veneer in an oddly human gesture.
"Cap, we're approaching the drop zone," someone says into my comm. The bracelets Tony had made for me had really helped, and now I can wear comms instead of a radio duct-taped to my shoulder.
“You don’t know what’s in there!” Wanda exclaims.
“Stay awake,” I urge Cho, squeezing her hand lightly. “Make it through, okay? I’ll come visit you once the shitstain is mopped up, I promise.”
"What the shit," he finally says. "What the shit."
“One second,” I say, showing Tony my index finger for emphasis.
Hurrying forwards, I can see a bleeding red gash across her chest.
“If you don’t help us,” he says evenly, “there’s not going to be any world in which you can make a motherfucking latte.” The impact that one sentence has on me will lead me down a path that I wish that I’d never gone down. Because, to me, this was my last chance at a normal life. And if I had to go back to being… well, back to being who I was before to preserve this life, then I will. This life is all I’ve ever wanted. And I’d do anything to preserve it.
Thor, Steve had told us, left to find answers. Answers to what, I have no idea, but I hope that the demigod would return
“We have orders, we should follow them,” Rogers insists as I begin to chew.
"The drive has a Level Six homing program, so as soon as we boot up SHIELD will know exactly where we are," Natasha is saying quietly.
Sam, Bruce and Thor take up another couch, Thor taking half of it up by himself and Sam and Bruce making do with the other half. Clint, Nat and I have managed to wedge ourselves into the limited space on the loveseat, Nat scrunched up in one end while Clint and I lie across the rest of it in different directions.
"Just try to get here as soon as possible," Natasha replies. Then she hangs up. I toss the phone at the sofa, and it lands with a soft
It's exhilarating, to be in the thick of battle again. I didn't realize how much I needed this until I'm actually twisting away from lasers, dodging alien punches and kicking Chitauri in the face. Still, one thing that worries me is my reaction time. It's not as fast as it should be, and I know that evey split second you have could mean the diffence between life and death. I'm worried that I'm leaning towards the death side of things.
"I'll help you with your paper on the KGB if you get tickets to a flight to DC in the next 24 hours," Nat bargains. "And Ghost is out in Australia." I groan, but roll out of bed, landing with a thud on the floor.
“I’m not afraid to hit an old man!” the genius snaps, volume just barely falling short of yelling.
“Great,” Tony grunts. “I thought you said you had the right?”
"Tell me about the shooter," she commands. All previous nervous thoughts or strangeness about the memories are swept aside, and my stance gets a little more rigid. Professional.
I'm the one getting random memories of someone that I'm pretty sure I've never been.
“He’s in your files, he’s in the internet,” Rhodey says, producing the image of a mental checklist. “What if he decides to access something a little more exciting?”
It isn’t because I’m scared. No, in fact, that’s exactly why I’m having this bizzare staring contest. These crates don’t scare me, and that’s what really makes me hesitate. How much of me longs to be what I once was? How much of me is always going to be that person at heart? How long can I resist this? What if I don’t want to leave? Squeezing my eyes shut tightly, my fingers clench around the bench, loosening when I open them.
“This is a smokescreen,” Natasha says, brow furrowing. “Why send a message when you’ve just given a speech?”
"Later," I say. "Right now we need to focus on the fact that iridium isn't the only thing Loki needs." The billionaire stares for a few moments more before turning away slowly in order to begin messing with the screens.
Kate is amazing. She is sane, she is calm in most situations and she kicks ass. Also she keeps me sane and brings both Clint and me coffee.
I press a gun to his chest and pull the trigger.
Steve, Natasha, Clint and I all move closer to the computer.
“Cooper, Lila, be good for your mom,” I say, tucking a knife into one of the sheathes on the inside of my jacket. “And remember, if anyone bad comes—“
“The kids are actual nightmares, I swear,” Clint’s prótegé complains. “No one should have that much energy at two in the morning.”
"What's on it?" Steve asks, frowning with his arms crossed.
“I’ve been plenty capable of handling these kinds of things,” the superspy replies. Her voice is tight with some unidentifiable emotion.
“Loki’s gonna drag this out,” the supersoldier says, going into full Captain America mode as he turns to Thor. “So, Thor, what’s his play?” The god turns so that his back is to us.
"Who's sitting pretty in the most secure building in the world," Clint points out around a mouthful of egg.
“We’ll have to test that out sometime.”
“Thor, you helped create this?” Steve asks, taking a step forward. He’s all wired tension, wariness laced into every action, every word.
"Don't do this to me, Nick," Natasha whispers. Her voice is thick and hoarse, almost like she was about to cry. Why shouldn't she? Her boss, her father figure, her guardian ever since she joined SHIELD, is dying on an operating table. Ever since Phil...
"Well, it makes sense," Natasha reasons. "The ship was dirty, Fury needed a way in, so did you."
“Ahh, Juniour,” Tony says, taking the initiative as Thor and Steve make it to the fourth floor. “You’re gonna break your old man’s heart.” The Iron Man suit changes directions as Ultron turns, landing on the catwalk in front of the demigod and supersoldier. I circle around overhead in lazy circles, tilted back casually with my hands resting on the guns at my hips.
“The latter, I think,” Nat comments, as we pass by a coatrack with a hammer and a red cape hung up on it, a familiar red, white and blue shield leaning against the bottom. I look at the three objects with vague confusion. Also the coat rack, because when the fuck did SHIELD get coatracks?
Bucky, as a concept, is abstract. There is nothing from my own experience that I can pin to that name.
I lunge off of the railing, arms coming up to wrap around Tony’s shoulders and swing around, dragging him to the ground. It’s a move that shouldn’t have worked if it wasn’t for the extra kick I used with my flight.
"Is this Bakhmal?" she asks, a faint note of surprise in her tone. I blink to make sure that everything that's happening is real, because Natasha is almost never surprised. "The Khaled Kandil mission, that was you?"
“No, it’s never come up,” Rhodey says, just loud for everyone to hear.
"It means that the portal won't collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD," Stark adds as Phil breaks away from the billionaire. He's heading around the conference table, towards Thor. "No hard feelings, Point Break," the playboy says, raising a hand as he draws nearer. "You got a mean swing." He pats Thor's bicep as he walks by.
Up ahead, through all the chaos of what seems to be a market, I can see a dead end.
Dinner that night is a rowdy affair. Even if it isn’t exactly a rare occurrence for Thor to pop up to help us deal with Avenger things, it is rare that he has enough time to stay for dinner.
"Yeah, I wish." A pause. "Specimen." I glance over just in time to see the guy beam. "If you guys need anything, I've been Aaron."
There’s a loud shriek as I round the corner of the truck that Steve had been thrown over, the source of which was another knife of the Soldier’s being scraped across the aforementioned truck. Steve ducks, and I leap into the air, coming down almost immediately with one foot outstretched.
"How you doing?" he asks Natasha.
“Bucky?” Steve whispers. My hand has subconsciously drifted up to the exact same spot as where my injury had been in the not-quite-memory, the phantom pressure of a bandage long gone lingering on my skin.
“Hey, Nat?” I say into my comm, bringing my whip up to block Ultron’s advance. “Cap needs his shield back.”
“So what’d they say?” Clint asks, in the kitchen now and examining one of the darts Tony had been throwing.
“All our work is gone,” Bruce says tiredly, rubbing his eyes under his glasses. “Ultron cleared out, used the internet as an escape hatch.”
A flash of hurt skitters across Tony’s eyes, disappearing just as fast.
There’s a roar of effort from off to my right, where I’d last seen the Soldier. Steve is already beside him, muscles straining to lift a massive length of metal off of his former childhood friend.
“Nice to know they’re all as terrible as he is,” I mutter, closing a file and tossing it into the discard pile.
“If you see me” —I swing around the edge of the hole in the wall feet first, making contact with Ultron’s upper chest— “come find me.”
“I know,” I hasten to assure him. “But I think, even after all the brainwashing that I’m always going to think of the person you knew as Bucky as the Soldier, because the way you talk about him make him an entirely different person. And I don’t think that I’ll ever be able to call him that, because I won’t feel comfortable calling him I never knew. And after all this, I don’t think he’ll ever be the person you knew.”
“Sam and Clint?”
Clint has a sleeveless shirt on, but his Kevlar is draped over one arm, quiver strap clamped between his teeth and bow tucked under one arm; Tony is pulling a suitcase version of his Iron Man suit; Steve is fully geared up, shield attached to his back; Natasha has two guns holstered at her hips, but I know that she has at least a dozen other weapons hidden on her person; Bruce is dressed as he always is, but I can see the nervous anticipation that comes with the uncertainty of a Code Green.
Fury shakes his head, moving over to a spot on the counter that has a loaf of bread and a knife. “Now that the gang’s all here, we can get to the real dirt,” he says, cutting himself a slice. “Ultron took you folks out of play to buy himself time. My contacts all say he’s building something. The amount of vibranium he made off with, I don’t think it’s just one thing.”
“He’s a friend,” Thor corrects. Yup. Definitely connected. I dig through the memories of the file I'd read on the blonde demigod. Oh. Yeah. That. New Mexico, Loki, Mjölnir, the giant metal destructo-bot. Selvig was part of a team of astrophysicists who befriended Thor when he first fell to our world.
"The answer is," Sam begins, rounding the kitchen counter with some sort of file in hand, "you don't." He placed the file down on the table, and my hand shoots out to swipe the file off the table before anyone else. Clint gets up from his seat and moves behind me to look over my shoulder.
And the Winter Soldier has some sort of launcher and Steve is shoving Nat and me out of the way and then he’s flying, flying, flying through the air.
I mull over the words, carefully forming my reply. Steve likes to hear the truth, I know that. He may not like it, but he needs to hear it. But there’s a difference between telling the truth and telling the
“Hold on!” Steve yells as the car flips sideways. I’m still dazed as the full weight of Sam throwing himself against me sends me down, crushing Nat and Steve so that the passenger side door breaks off the hinges and crashes onto the street below, the car continuing to flip through the air without us.
I shake my head quickly, swallowing. “No, I’m fine. I’ll help you remake dinner.”
Steve and I take down three more mercs. Just as I vault up onto the railing of the next floor, though, a fourth merc emerges from wherever he'd been hiding, gun pointed at the supersoldiers head.
, and an arrow embeds itself in the road at the Soldier’s feet. For a split second it just sits there, quivering from the impact—and then it explodes, putty glueing the Soldier in place. I dart forwards, cracking my whip as I swing it around at the Soldier’s head.
I pull the phone away from my ear, quickly setting it on speaker.
"Cam, it's just some kind of recording," the redhead mutters.
I fall asleep in the vents, neck angled awkwardly and body contorted in a half fetal position, but I’ve never been more comfortable around somone that wasn’t Nat, Clint or Phil—oh god,
"Just because we can't take care of Lucky doesn't mean that he's your dog."
“I’ll think about it if you do,” Tony fires back, sitting up. I sigh, picking up the pan on the stove to scrape the eggs out.
“No, it… it’s alright,” Banner replies, bending over the scepter. “I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn’t handle pointy things.”
And then… everything explodes.
“Stop by Broadway after you’re done on 8th,” Natasha grunts, the sound of a gun firing audible. “I can’t hold pterodactyls and Doombots off with one cartridge.”
Cam?” he asks weakly. I nod hesitantly, moving aside so that Natasha can sit on the edge of the bed to hand the archer a glass of water. “But—But you left.” I hug myself self-consciously, looking at my boots.
“Hear me out, Hinojosa,” Fury says. “We just need your help on this op and then you can go back to whatever you’re doing now.”
“It’s a stabilizing agent,” an arrogant voice declares. I glance behind me, and see a person that I can easily recognize having a hurried, whispered conversation with Phil. He's short-ish, with dark hair, a goatee and brown eyes twinkling with mischief that cloaks a deep sadness. Tony Stark, aka Iron Man. Not exactly the way I’d choose to come out as a superhero, but it was certainly attention-getting.
"Who do you want us to be, Cap?" Clint finally asks. It's short and precise, with a stiff tone to it.
Steve nods, beckoning Thor after him as they disappear up a metal staircase.
“Clearly, you’ve never made an omelet,” Ultron quips.
“No, I’m good,” Clint assures the other. “If you wanna get some kip, nods a good time, ‘cause we’re still a few hours out.”
“Is that really what you call it?” Tony asks. There’s a grunt, and then I spot an alien fall out of the sky.
"Shhh, relax," Natasha replies. A pause. "Got it. You know it?"
A video feed pops up on the dashboard, and Tony goes over to answer whoever it is.
“Oh, yeah,” I reply sheepishly. “Sorry about that. It was fun while it lasted.” My gaze skips over each person in the room quickly. There are two blondes, both with muscles the width of my head and blue eyes. That’s where the similarities end, though; one is dressed in armor that my fingers itch to touch and the other is decked out in red, white and blue; one of them has long, flowing locks while the other has a cut that reminds me of the military ones that some of the agents around me sport. Not surprising, since Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, fought in World War II.
"No, my fiance was just helping me with some honeymoon destinations."
Wiggling my arm out from where it was pinned beneath my hip, I snag the tea and drag it back into the vents. Steve doesn’t comment on it, and I hear him settle down beside the opening.
“I want to know why Loki let us take him,” I cut in. “He’s not leading an army from here, and it doesn’t look like he’d be an easy guy to take down.”
“Grounded.” A thud and a screech of metal has me looking down.
*." The blonde squeezes his eyes shut. "Sex. Sec. Gimme a sec." Then he flings the door open, narrowly avoiding hitting himself in the nose. "Heya, Rogers, you might want to step inside. We've got a surprise waiting for you in here." Clint doesn't even wait for the other blonde to reply before I see him lean through the doorway and drag the supersoldier inside, closing the door behind him.
“Ugh!” Ultron exclaims, cutting the supersoldier off. I narrow my eyes, leaning forwards a bit, because if Ultron truly had no doubt about the Maximoffs’ loyalty, he wouldn’t have cut Steve’s spiel off. “Captain America,” the robot continues. “God’s righteous man, pretending you could live without war.” If machines could sneer, Ultron was doing it. “I can’t physically throw up in my mouth, but…”
“You haven’t forgotten about me, kiddo?” the brunette asks teasingly. I pause for a moment, mockingly considering for a moment.
Steve lets himself trail off, but the silence speaks for itself.
Hydra.
I’m not stupid; what I did—cutting my skin open and letting the blood well up without a thought towards staunching the flow of red—doesn’t just vanish immediately. There are times, moments where I’ll feel the need to cut the pain away. That putting physical marks on myself might alleviate the burden that is anything but physical.
“Lynx, is now really the best time to do this?” I hear Rogers sigh into the radio.
“He didn’t, I just…”
“Roger that. Don’t die.” And then I let myself drop. Wind rushes past me, and a few stray bugs splatter against my goggles. I growl quietly as I push harder, slowing down a bit once I reach a lower altitude. Bringing my knees up in order to smack my armguards against them, I miss the
He climbs to his feet slowly, a deadly predator. Nat’s gun is out in the blink of an eye, but someone rear-ends the car, making her drop the gun. I swear as I’m thrown forwards once again, this time managing to catch myself before I can hit my head.
~~~~~
“Hey, genius never-never waits for-for showers,” Tony says with a shrug. The tired, almost slurred nature of his words and dark bags under his eyes gives him away, though.
Natasha bends down, leaning in close. “Traitor.”
With his other, he pulls, directed towards me, and I fight desperately to keep from moving forwards.
It takes a second for Steve to process the scene in front of him (Nick laid out on the couch, me about to go into the kitchen to get something to mop up his wounds), and when he does I can see him stiffen. He's got a canvas bag slung over one of his shoulders, roughly the size of his shield. Huh. Nice way to cart around the shield; not too inconspicuous in a place like DC, and normal enough for people to assume that it's only being used to carry some sort of portfolio, not a glorified frisbee made out of the strongest metal know to most beings in the galaxy.
“That was the plan.”
"Roger that," I mumble, prying the last arrow free and dropping it to the ground with the others. "Mind giving me a location?"
Swearing ferociously, I risk a glance around the hood of the car that I've taken shelter behind and nearly get a nasty black eye from a laser heading my way. As it was, it still manages to clip the side of my face, and I spit out a string of curses, left eye clenched in pain. At least the laser doesn't burn me. I'd probably have to become a female, Spanish version of Fury if that happened.
Clint has an arrow nocked and drawn in the space of a second, and I swap my whip to my right hand, the one with a bracelet, ready to move at a moment’s notice.
“I’ve had a vision,” Thor proclaims, somehow, even if his voice is at a normal volume. “A whirlpool that sucks in all hope of life, and at it’s center is that.”
“Then we go to Plan B,” Steve says, posture military-precise.
You know why you have to do this?
“… I’m gonna take that as a yes.”
Wanda, on the other side of the train car.
"Accessing archive," an automated voice says. A grainy photo pops up of the face of a man in front of rows upon rows of Nazi's. "Hydra was founded on the belief that humanity could not be trusted with its own freedom." Onscreen, Nazi's salute in unison. The film cuts to soldiers running out of some sort of transportation vehicle. "What we did not realize" —grainy photos of someone who I assume must be the Red Skull— "was that if you try to try to take that freedom, they resist." A few clips of Steve back in the war, waving on soldiers. "The war taught us much. Humanity needed to surrender its freedom willingly."
I swallow roughly, hips throbbing.
I look to Thor with a raised eyebrow.
faster
“JARVIS,” Stark replies. “He’s an AI.”
Negative
“You.”
"Cap!” I exclaim, hurrying forward to meet him. “You got us a ride?” Rogers nods.
“You! A TV anchor in Cairo, the Under Secretary of Defense, a high school Valedictorian in Iowa City, Bruce Banner, Stephen Strange, anyone who’s a threat to Hydra! Now, or in the future.”
“Uhhhh…”
"Little help?" the ex-Russian superspy replies.
The creature is just… floating. Staring down at New York City, the lights outside the window.
“Yes ma’am,” the archer replies, gesturing for the others to follow him towards the staircase in the entry hall.
“There are a few I know,” I counter. “And if not, Clint’s can probably find a few hours for you.”
"I don’t suppose you know where,” I manage to mutter quietly. It’s so hard, keeping this secret, even if it’s barely been a minute. Every particle of my being begs to let him know, because I don’t keep much from either of the two, and this is one of the first times I’ve had to do this. Lie straight to their faces and tell them everything’s alright. But it’s definitely not going to be the last, considering what’s happened in the last year.
“A safe house,” Clint replies.
What I do know is that the white is making my headache worse, and that there's a vent on the other side of the hospital bed. I use it, drop out right in front of a certain walking American flag in civvies, scaring the shit out of him.
I breathe in deeply, standing up and pulling my shirt over my head. My civvies are replaced with my gear in no time, and I quickly slot all my weapons in place. The whip goes on my belt, coiled neatly on a belt of knives. Fours guns go in their holsters lined up on the sides of my calves, and I stash spare ammo anywhere I can put it.           I clench my hands into fists, leather of my gloves creaking. It’s terrifying. Knowning that I’m going out with a group of people like me to fight an army of aliens from outer space. Just a day ago, my biggest worry was whether or not I’d turned in the term paper. I set my jaw, picking up the mask and clipping it to my belt beside the whip. I shake my muscles out quickly before bounding out of the room.
“I’m not Ultron,” the vision says. “I’m not JARVIS. I am…”
“Uh, actually, we were planning to threaten you,” Stark corrects, making his way down the ramp at his own pace. Loki’s smarmy smirk makes me wrinkle my nose.
I brace my hands against the table, using it as an anchor for me to lift myself off the ground and tip forwards in order to see what the others are talking about. It’s red, burnt into the skin, a box with tapered points and two swirling crescents facing in opposite directions on each side.
“Fuck no. Piss off.” The director sighs wearily, as if expecting this. He probably was. Even after all this time, I haven’t quite lost my touch. Doesn’t mean that I’m at my prime, though.
"Look, I know where you were coming from," I say before Steve can open his mouth again. "I know that you thought that SHIELD recruiting a college student under duress wasn't their best move, and I know that you think that I shouldn't be out there. But you've gotta remember that I'm not just a college student, Cap. I'm also a Hyrda experiment. And that means that I'm part of something that I can't control. SHIELD recruited me for a reason. They thought that I was the best for the job and that's why they brought me in." I smile bitterly. "People don't care about age in this life, Steve. That's just how it is."
“The Cradle,” she says urgently, “did you get it?”
“Genius, remember?” Tony says bitterly. He sighs. “He needs to talk to someone.” When I risk a glance at the billionaire, he has his head pillowed on his arms on the counter.
"If you want to get up there, you're going to need a ride." Nat tosses the alien weapon at me, and I catch it with a grin.
Translation: Laura wants to check up with Clint and me.
Four floors up.
The wait is agony, but eventually Jasper Sitwell emerges from some sort of hotel with another man and a few bodyguards. They chat for a while. Hug. Then the other man leaves. That's Sam's cue, and Clint readies the rifle. Natasha had hooked us all up with devices that were tapped into Sam's phone, which meant we could hear everything that happened.
The smoke fades, the figure straightens—then it surges forwards in a burst of movement, beelining towards Thor. The demigod is smart enough not to stand his ground, instead turning his body and lifting his hands to push the strange creature past him, out into the lounge just beyond.
"How much time will we have?" Steve asks. I knock over a tower of green pigs.
My feet kick uselessly at its torso, and my breath comes out in gasps. It takes effort to bring my wrist reapers up to slice the limb off of the alien.
Bringing them up to fire, I brace my feet for the recoil, firing off ten clean shots.
"Well,” the archer begins, “if I put an arrow in Loki’s eye socket, I’d sleep better I suppose.” He finishes off with a small nod, as if he’s trying to convince himself of it as much as us. We all know that killing Loki won’t do anything to help the nightmares.
Oh my god. I’m so sorry that I haven’t updated lately, I have no idea what the fuck happened. This is mainly a filler chapter, since I wanted to take a little bit of a break from the action and just have something that digs deeper into the relationships between characters that Cam hasn’t been around a lot on-screen (on-book?) so far. I’ll try and get the next chapter up as soon as possible, so until now here’s this extra-long one that really should be two chapters but isn’t.
“Ты меня знаешь,” I whisper. The same thing Steve had said. Different implications. Because those memories that weren’t mine—they were. They were all mine.
“Yeah,” I admit softly, guilt practically drowning me.
Clint is a mess, even more so than usual. Especially with Barney popping up and then dying for him. That's not what he wanted for him, even if Barney was a peice of shit brother and tried to kill him. In the end, Barney gave his life for Clint and actually made an effort. I guess I can kinda forgive him. Not a whole lot, but enough.
"We're going to be working out when this is all over." I groan even louder this time, because let me tell you: Nat's training sessions are
"Hostages?"
I grin, squeezing her hand even when we know that Clint would notice the second something was wrong with either of us. “Well, you’ve always got a room here,” I declare, tugging her to her feet. “But in the meantime, I think we should get the kids their paper.”
Kat complains about not being able to see the dog as much as she’d like, but she drives out anyways and spends a good portion of her time off there with her girlfriend America.
as it zips by. “Hey, Lynx, you think your mojo would work on alien shit?” Tony asks, grunting.
“Does anyone have eyes on Hawkeye?” Steve asks. He grunts soon after, the sound of metal crumpling following.
"I've seen worse," Nat replies, eyeing Banner. The curly-haired man winces slightly.
Another thing that I hate about them is that they look at me with pity. They look at the scars mapping my skin and see them as products of unwilling experimentation and torture. And the ones drawn over my hips, swirling in elegant patterns—those are the ones that I hate them looking at the most. They look at them with worry in their eyes, and I hate that they tell a story that I don’t want anyone to see.
“Well, For now I’d stay in stealth mode, and stay away from here.”
“I don’t know about that, but it is powered by the cube,” Fury says grimly. “And I’d like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.” Thor looks up from his brooding.
Nothing in my life has ever been normal, I don’t think.
“Sorry for barging in on you,” Steve says. I look up, smirking when I see the look of carefully-hidden bemusement on the supersoldier’s face.
, because I know that he doesn’t want to do this, he doesn’t want to fight against a man who was once his brother.
better.
"Well, there's me, but, no offense, you're not really my type," I pipe up.
"Right. Better clench up, Legolas." Grabbing Clint by the quiver, Tony fires up his boosters and the two take off quickly.
Another
Tony sets the jet down on solid ground a quarter mile or so off from the salvage yard before assembling his Iron Man armor, meeting the rest of us outside the jet. Bidding farewell to Bruce, I kick off from the ground. An arrow arcs up not soon after, and I snatch it out of the air, yanking Clint along behind it. Tony lags behind with Steve, while Thor flies even with me, Natasha hanging onto his back.
I salute.
The second one takes out the knife that the Soldier was taking out, narrowly missing his hand.
"Yeah, give me a second," Steve replies.
“Nat, we gotta go,” Clint says over comms.
“Hydra,” I breathe. Saying the name out loud used to never carry the weight that it does now, but from what I’ve been not-quite-dreaming, I don’t think they used me for two years then froze me for another fifty-so.
The sirens draw nearer, my head snapping up so fast I almost give myself whiplash.
"This is a dead end," the redhead declares, tucking her StarkPhone into her pocket. "Zero heat signatures, zero waves, not even radio. Whoever wrote the file must have used a router to throw people off."
. I can’t be harsh, give it to him like slap to the face. He needs to be eased into it to avoid any reckless, split-second righteous action.
"Tell that to Hyrda," I snarl. "Now give me that fucking whip so that we can go kick ass and save this city!" The supersoldier looks at me with wide, guilty blue eyes weighed down with seventy years of regret. And then he hands me the whip. I wince as I turn my head to the left, gripping my whip with white knuckles. My radio crackles.
I shake my head dutifully.
“Cap, you see Nat?” Clint asks urgently.
"You ready, solider?”
"Everybody needs practice."
“Known associates,” Steve mutters. His face twists up in disgust not a moment later. “Well, Strucker had a lot of friends.”
“Steve,” Banner says softly. “Tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?” The blonde’s expression tightens, and he turns on heel, exiting the lab.
"Pulse?"
“And there’s one other person you pissed off!” the genius says. “His name is Phil.” His repulsors fire with a whine, and the god goes flying somewhere back into the penthouse. But our job isn’t over yet, and a loud, hollow sound, that I can’t quite describe, only reminds us of that. Tony and I both crane our necks in order to see what’s going on, just in time to see a beam of ice-blue light shoot up from somewhere on the roof of Stark Tower, straight up into the sky.
"And then shawarma after," I hear Tony say.
“Alright, strictly recon,” Tony agrees. “I’ll hit the NEXUS, I’ll join you as soon as I can.”
Bucky.
I round the corner, passing Clint in the living room and Laura ushering Cooper away, greeted by the sight of the team scattered around the kitchen that doubled as a dining room. And most importantly, Nick Fury standing behind the center island at the sink.
The expression on my face must be particularly devastating, because the redhead immediately stands, heading towards me. Taking my hands, she leads me to her deserted chair and pushes me down into it. I don’t fight it, because my head is pounding and I can’t even think about fighting right now. Because I’d always figured that Phil would outlive me, what with the crazy shit I do and the possibility of an expiration date on my part. But he didn’t, and now he’s dead, and there’s nothing that can change that.
“I’m fine,” Pietro is saying. “I just need to take a minute.”
“Auntie Cam!” she squeals, disengaging from Nat and throwing herself at me. I catch her midair easily, holding her up with a grin.
"Thor, you've gotta try and bottleneck that portal, slow them down," Steve commands. "You've got the lightning, light the bastards up." He looks at Natasha. "You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. Lynx, I want you to go after anything that Barton tells you. And Hulk... smash." The grin that the green giant gives in return in wide and fierce. And then he leaps from the bridge, landing on the side of one of the buildings that Chitauri are clinging to.
I take comfort in both, because while she may have been taken by the very robot we need to turn into scrap, she’s given us an in.
The assassin whirls, palming a knife and jabbing at the blonde with it as I quickly dial in the code to access the targeting blades. Something slams into the catwalk a few feet away, and I have to duck to avoid a metal fist to the face. Steve is there soon after, yanking the Soldier away and herding him backwards. The targeting blades slide out, and I quickly grab one, throwing it to one side and reaching for the replacement, nestled in the inside pocket of my suit.
“Sounds exhausting,” Stark says. I snort, climbing up on to the table and float off of it to begin unscrewing the crooked lightbulb, careful to only touch it with my gloved hands. Sue me and my OCD tendencies. Stark stares. Points at me again.
"Yeah, well, I'm getting a little tired of being Fury's janitor," the supersoldier says.
48 hours after the disaster of a mission, Clint and I are lounging around the hotel that we're in, a few doors down from where Steve is staying when the door creaks open.
"1:03, doctor."
Negative answers from everyone.
. Still, I do know the truth behind her words, so I just nod wearily in the end, bent over with my hands on my knees.
"Where'd she go?" Rogers demands, head whipping around every which way. I bite my lip to hold in my laughter as I step up off the table and into the air. How? I was flying.
"Yeah, sounds good," I reply, setting the Starkphone to speaker and placing it on the coffee table. "Clint and I have something tomorrow, and I plan to finish packing on Thursday, so I'll see if I can swing by on Friday. Maybe sooner depending on how long it takes us to find the coffeemaker."
“Well, this time the best way isn’t the best way for you in the long run, so maybe move on to the next best way,” I suggest, reaching out to curl a hand over the other’s. “He’s been confused all week, I can tell. Clint’s been worrying too.”
“No, I’m sorry,” Tony says, sobering up all of a sudden and pushing off the desk to advance. “I’m sorry. It is funny. It’s a hoot that you don’t get why we need this.”
“Insight’s launching in sixteen hours, were cutting it a little bit close here,” Natasha adds, sticking her head up into the front.
“Uhh, you might wish you hadn’t asked that,” Natasha replies.
"Probably mud or Lucky's shit," I reply.
On the way down, I angle my descent so that I’ll crash into the supersoldiers, tucking my head down and sheltering it with my arms. The force of the impact rattles my bones, and my reapers slip out of the armguards, catching something on the way out. Rolling out of the tangle of limbs, I bring one reaper around in a slashing arc to dig deep into the Soldier’s flesh arm.
“Yes, I’ve met them,” he says with a menacing grin. I roll my eyes, slipping off the counter in order to walk over to the other side of the bar.
Steve's bicep is ripped out of my grip, and I nearly tumble to the floor as his fist rams into the computer. Natasha catches me by the arm, steadying me before letting go. The other computer screen flickers before Zola appears onscreen again.
That man. I know him, don’t I?
“Wait, what about that girl from Accounting?” Natasha says, snapping her fingers. “Laura… Laura—
“Hydra doesn’t like leaks,” Sitwell says, sitting in the back of Sam’s car, squished between Nat and me.
“Who was that?” Steve asks curiously.
The clash of metal on metal has my head snapping around just in time to see Steve break free of Ultron’s hold, shield newly acquired.
bet, mind you. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Or on her period, which is beside the point.” Tilting my head to one side, I inspect the god critically. “One last question before I go: which one do you feel like right now? The ant, or the boot?” A snarl contorts Loki’s face, and the god surges to the wall of the cage, slamming a fist against it.
“I’m going in!” the genius warns. His words are quickly followed by the sound of whirring metal, which I take as my cue to shove off from the underside of the helicarrier, zipping to the side as fast as I can. However, a flash of blue catches my eye and something slams into my side, sending me cartwheeling a few meters to the side and three feet down before I regain my bearings. Screaming grows louder and then fainter as flashes of black shoot by me.
Wanda disappears in a blur of black, skirt of her dress swishing out of the nearest car door. At first I think she’s hightailing it out of here, but then I realise she’s slowed to a stop off to the side of the train, one hand resting on her twin’s shoulder.
Surging forwards, hands outstretched, I slam into the Legionaire, gun lodging in the curve of its throat, pushing it back into the railing of the catwalk, where it shatters from the force of the impact. Grinning ferociously, straps of my mask digging into my cheeks, I use the sudden stop to propel my body up and into a handstand, letting my body tip over. My feet hit the catwalk just as gunfire breaks out, and I swear, ducking on instinct.
The force leaves a stinging mark across my palm, but the pain is an afterthought as I watch the Soldier brace his feet and throw Natasha from his shoulders. I wince in sympathy as she slams into a car, falling to the ground. I hurry forwards as the Soldier grabs his fallen gun, lunging into the air and slamming into his metal arm with my left side, the one without a bracelet.
“You’re right,” the super soldier finally says, letting go of Sitwell and stepping back. “It’s not. It’s hers.” He steps aside, and Natasha lunges forward to plant a solid kick in the center of the Hydra agent’s chest, sending him tumbling over the side of the building with a scream.
~~~~~
“Shut it down!”
“When do I get to take a look at it?”
"Lets play, bitches," I mutter, charging them head-on. The first one I take out by rolling right before I reach the speeder, slamming my feet down on the head of the driver. It tailspins into a nearby building, the heat of the ensuing explosion making my hair whip around my face. The second one manages to fire off a few good shots before I twist, coming up underneath it and jamming my reapers into the bottom. Using the grip that they provide me, I let out a yell as I ram the speeder into another. The last one is taken down by Clint from afar, and I breathe a sigh of relief just as my radio crackles.
~~~~~
~~~~~
Ultron flips, Steve’s shield lodged in his chest somehow staying put. The rotation releases him from my whip, but it also pulls him towards me. I shoot forwards, foot slamming into the side of Ultron’s face. He twitches and shudders, but by the time I go through with another kick he’s recovered enough to counteract the attack.
The wire catches around hi# feet, the other end coming back to me, which I grip in my other hand, pulling hard. The Soldier stumbles back into a car. Natasha’s legs are wrapped firmly around his neck, and she squeezes tighter as I adjust my grip on both ends of the whip. Before I can pull, though, the Soldier kicks one leg out with inhuman strength, whipping the end of the whip out of my hands while my grip is still loose.
“No, Ultron could’ve assimilated JARVIS,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “This isn’t strategy, this is… rage.”
Tony and I make eye contact, and I grimace. Steve is staring stoically at the wall, Thor is standing off to the side, hands rubbing together nervously. Nat is hunched over, eyes staring at me, unseeing, an eerie likeness to when she was under Maximoff’s mind warp.
“Well, this is good times, boss, but I was kind of hoping when I saw you, you’d have more than that,” Natasha says, hard gaze fixed on our former director.
"No," the man says, leaning forward to grab the file. "One of these." He hands the file back to us, and my eyebrows raise in amazement.
~~~~~
“Good idea,” Bruce says, reaching across the table to grab the file. Hooking one foot around the leg of his chair, the doctor moves over to a computer tucked into the corner of the room. A five-second search later, and Bruce is peering at the screen intently. “Oh, yeah,” the doctor says. “It’s a word in an African dialect meaning thief, in a much less friendly way.”
“The gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig’s reports on the Tesseract,” Banner observes from his place behind of Loki’s scepter. He’s running a sort of handheld metal detector over it. Magic detector, probably. “But it’s going to take weeks to process.” I grin, craning my neck around my screen.
I fly in feet-first, landing a solid two-leg kick to Ultron’s back, making him stumble forwards only to get a face full of vibranium. He recovers faster than expected, two beams of orange energy sending Steve tumbling off of the truck and into the windshield of the unlucky car behind. Using one hand, he gestures up, a translucent energy ripping the road behind to pieces.
Natasha raises an eyebrow at him.
“When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?” Maria asks skeptically.
“As shitty as we are, I still think that roll call is in order,” I suggest, setting my drink down. I count them off on my fingers as I go. “There’s your brother, the surfer dude with muscles more than my waist. A super soldier with a shield that I’m 95% sure is made out of patriotism. A guy with breathtaking anger issues. An assassin who’s killed more people than there’s buildings in this city. Another assassin who once won a Jenga contest with two arrows and a stick of gum. And a guy who I’m pretty sure can build several cars while blackout drunk with a pretty damn resistant suit made outta metal.”
"What, like you?" Steve asks sarcastically. I bite my lip and try to refocus on my worksheets.
~~~~~
“Uncle Clint!” Lila exclaims happily. Clint’s grin grows into a smile as he bends down to hoist his niece up against his chest, reaching down to ruffle Cooper’s hair.
I pause, before setting the toaster. “It was an accident,” I reply vaguely, turning back to stir the eggs with one hand as the other reaches for the shredded cheese. “No big deal.”
A jarring crash wakes me from my trance, and I look up at the Soldier with wide eyes.
“Я была той девушкой.”
"I know who made a hit on Fury," I blurt out. Clint's eyes widen, but they quickly return to normal size as his brow furrows.
Ultron clambers to his feet, energy beam shooting out, and Steve is quickly o raise his shield. The force of the energy sends him flying back into me, and I let him bowl me over in order to roll back to stand in front of him.
“You’re not going to find him if he doesn’t want to be found,” I say quietly. I almost didn’t tell him, but the words clawed at my throat and begged to be let out. “He used to be the Winter Soldier, whether you want it or not.”
Steve nods slowly, but the look in his eyes tells me that he understands. Then he blinks.
“And you,” Tony says, pointing at a pacing Loki and picking up where I left off, “big fella—you’ve managed to piss off every single one of us.” He pauses. “Her too,” he adds, jabbing a thumb at me. I stick my tongue out at him.
“Tony, maybe this might night be the time to—“
"Nazi Germany," the supersoldier replies, straight-faced. I'm not even sure why I expected him to crack up, he probably did learn how to hotwire cars in Nazi Germany. "And we're borrowing," Steve adds. "Take your feet off the dash."
"Ew, shoes, no," Clint whines, scrubbing at the brown marks on his jeans.
~~~~~
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny,” the blonde counters. I can feel the patriotism oozing off of him from across the lab. Blue eyes dart to Banner, a slight grimace on the all-American face of freedom. “No offense, doctor.”
There’s a loud bark, and then the sound of skittering claws on wood, before a golden retriever launches itself through the doorway that frames the entrance between living room and entry hall.
I bite back a sharp, scathing remark as I feel Tony come up behind me.
"Loki," Steve says darkly, watching the speeders continue down the street, lasers blasting almost nonstop. Explosions obscure my view of the street. "They're fish in a barrel down there," Steve mutters. A few more speeders spot us, but Nat takes them down with a few shots from her handguns. Clint uses the redhead's fire as cover, running towards another overturned taxi cab and drawing an arrow from his quiver.
and tells the other half to chill the fuck out.
“Cam, you have less than five minutes,” Maria says.
“You better’ve gotten some coffee,” I say, ducking under another Chitauri and coming up to imple him with my reaper, stance wide as I drag another one off of its speeder as it whizzes by with my whip simultaneously.
Natasha smiles, squeezing Steve's shoulder and resting her head on top of it.
Or at least some of them are dreams. Snatches of conversation, of white walls that turn into boring grey concrete as soon as I blink. Cold metal around my wrists and neck and ankles.
"A), because he signed up for this, and B), because we don't exactly have a bottomless supply of blonde supersoldiers from the 1940's," Natasha snarks.
Movement in the kitchen ceases.
“Fire now!” Steve yells.
“Right,” I spit with a snort. “And this one op will stretch out for ages, and before I know it I’ve been shoved into another. And after that, they start magically piling up until I’m practically an agent again.” I nail Fury with a glare to make Natasha proud. “I’m not just going to drop everything for an agency that tried to kill me. I have a life now. I have classes, homework, tests, a job, Fury. I’m not going back to risking my life everyday.” Fury gives me his patented Eyeball.
He trails off, looking around.
When we all look back, the Winter Soldier is gone.
I snap out of yet another flashback as I’m thrown to the ground once again, shoulder taking the brunt of the impact. I groan, and there’s a
Even Captain America, it seems, can’t go up against a fire-breathing T-Rex and a squad of Doombots and come out of it unscathed.
Tony, as it turns out, is bent at the waist, and would be touching his toes if he wasn’t buried in the bottom half of his Iron Man suit grumbling about acid.
"Let's find out what this ghost wants," I mumble, holding the drive up.
makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
“I don’t think it’s that simple.”
“We—We reconfigured JARVIS’ matrix to create something new,” Tony says hesitantly, eyes darting across the vision’s face.
“I don’t know,” Nick says, shrugging. “Something dramatic, I hope.”
“Gentlemen, this is Laura,” Clint says. “She’s my sister-in-law.”
Maria walks into the room. I don't tip my head up to acknowledge her, just strangle my wrist with my left hand. The skin underneath the jacket is raw, and I embrace the pain, let it ground me in the here and now. Where Nick is dead.
“One second,” the genius agrees, looking back at Ultron.
“Yes there was.”
Steve arrives in a hurry.
Two minutes
I shrug. My throat is dry.
I knew a girl.
It comes out more of a question than an answer, and I silently curse myself for it, but Steve seems to take it as answer enough.
Leaving his face exposed.
“Thor!” Steve says in his Captain voice. “The Legionaire.”
STRIKE teams. Most of them probably Hydra.
"What's the story upstairs?" Steve asks, advancing. I hiss, craning my neck as I jab a cut that's slowly oozing blood. I'm going to have to cover that up before it gets infected.
Is this the one?
“The real power is inside the Cradle,” the doctor says. “The gem, its power is uncontainable. You can’t just blow it up. You have to get the Cradle to Stark.”
And you cannot tell anyone about us.
I glance over at Steve and grin at his hasty steps.
“Heading back towards you,” Clint says. “So whatever you’re going to do, do it now.”
I nod with a small smile, walking the rest of the way to the staircase by myself.
~~~~~
“Shit,” I breathe, both hands braced firmly on the control panel.
"Close it," I hear Steve order. And then the beam connecting the potal to Stark Tower disappears, and it begins to shrink. But just before it can completely disappear, something small and red and gold falls out of it. I stagger to my feet, adrenaline pumping through me, providing me with much-needed energy, and launch off of the roof, rocketing towards the falling form of Tony Stark. Arms extended, I snag the Iron Man armor by the arms. There's a lot of momentum, and I can't stay aloft for much longer, so I settle for slowing down the inevitable fall.
"Banner?" Steve asks, confused.
I seek out Clint instead of a blade, because I know Natasha will be with him, berating him for not paying attention or just sitting quietly at his side.
~~~~~
Barney’s ex-wife, Laura, moves in with two kids and another just beginning to develop in the womb.
Clumped together on a couch is Tony, Steve, Pepper and Rhodey, the latter two invited by Nat and Tony respectively. Pepper is leaning against the arm of the couch, Rhodey sleeping against her shoulder, while Tony is sprawled out over everyone, head pillowed on Steve’s lap and arm hanging over the side to brush the floor as he sleeps. Steve is looking down at the billionaire amusedly, but, to everyone’s disappointment, there doesn’t seem to be anything other than platonic fondness in the supersoldier’s eyes. Still, this had never happened before, so I mark it in the good column.
“It doesn’t have anything to do about how you were looking at them like they were next on your hit list, does it?” I ask innocently, letting a smile curl the corners of my mouth.
"My wife kicked me out," Nick says in explanation, holding up his phone just as Clint shuts off the lights.
“I don’t understand,” Dr. Cho says, speaking up for the first time in a while. “You built this program. Why is it trying to kill us?”
"Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal up there, we're gonna use containment. Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter. Anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or you turn it to ash." Clint and Tony both nod affirmatively, and the archer glances at the genius.
from outside has my head whipping around, and I open my mouth to cuss Thor out, but turns out he’s just flying.
"As I was saying—"
A smirk draws the corners of my mouth up.
“Don’t aim for me next time,” I reply grumpily, collapsing to what remains of the the metal catwalk on the side of the massive flying base in the sky.
“Then I go.”
I find Nat with Clint, sitting at his side in the medwing. The archer is comatose, cuffed to the bed. I clear my throat as I knock on the door. The redhead looks up, and the moment I see the faint tear tracks on her face, I know. I know that Phil is dead, that this is real, because Natasha doesn’t cry unless she has to, and this… this is definitely worth crying for.
"SHIELD," the redhead replies, looking back at him with worry in her eyes.
Bruce’s shivering, if possible, increases tenfold.
I pause. Consider the question.
"What kind of algorithm? What does it do?" Natasha asks quickly.
“You’re a dick.”
"So, the question is, who at SHIELD could launch a domestic missile strike?" Natasha asks, going straight to business.
“And he did a Banksy at the crime scene, just for us,” Tony quips. I drop down to the floor, moving aside in order to allow Bruce a better view.
There’s only a few shots before the arrow latches onto the Soldier’s metal arm, electrocuting it immediately. The dark-haired man is forced to drop the gun, rolling over the other side of the car he’s on top of, sitting after having fallen back to absorb the impact of his kick that sent Steve flying.
“Nuclear codes,” Maria says grimly, seated on a stool and equipped with tweezers as she pulls shards of glass out of the soles of her feet.
"What's the time?"
“Good,” Stark replies. “See what we got. I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris. I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position. What’s it look like in there?” A pause, in which I can hear both Stark and Rogers moving around.
"Want one?"
“We gotta stop him,” Nat says quietly. It’s still decisive, though, still determined and strong. Because this is Natasha, and she can do anything and I believe that she could stop Loki if she wanted to.
And his freezing cold eyes are staring into mine and all I can think of are flashes, bits and pieces of broken memories that I don’t remember having, of times that I’ve stared into these very same eyes. Something flickers behind them in the present day. Something that I never remembered seeing.
"Jury's out," Stark replies flippantly, turning back to Banner. "You really have got a lid on it, haven't you?"
A few Legionaires have located me, and I quickly swing myself over the side of the catwalk, slowing my descent but letting myself land on the floor below.
“Don’t diss it until you see it,” I say absently, eyeing a loose lightbulb in the ceiling.
“Well—“
Look at me.
The chest piece of the Iron Man suit flies over and attaches to his back, but I barrel into Tony before it can cover his chest. The two of us slam into the computers. I push myself to my feet, but Tony is already vaulting over the railing separating the computers from the rest of the lab. He shoots two jets from his repulsor as another one attaches itself to his hand, the combined force of them sending Steve crashing through the glass wall and into the hallway on the other side.
“All I packed was a toothbrush,” I hear the doctor mutter.
Waking up is painful, even if I haven't even moved yet. There's light piercing my closed eyelids, and I whimper when I make an attempt to bring a hand up to shield them.
The sandy-blonde archer only stares at me, so I take that as a ‘go ahead’, slowly reaching for the cuffs that bind his wrists to the bed. The action gives me a brief moment of respite to recompose myself, to push all thoughts out of my mind. Once his hands are free, I hand him his aids. He only takes them after a few more beats of utter shock. Nat stands up to get him a glass of water.
There's a warm hand on mine, pushing my hand down gently. The light disappears, and I crack one eyelid open painfully. Clint is sitting by my side, purple hearing aids absent from his ears.
The nightmares don't go away. Most nights, neither of us sleep. Sometimes Kate joins us.
“Cam, we got everything we came for,” Steve says, placing a hand on my shoulder. “We need to leave.” I growl, but shove Sitwell back and push past Sam, who’s standing just behind him.
A gunshot rings through the air.
As I'm about to strike an alien off of its speeder, though, there's a
Steve is silent, and for a moment I think that’s it because I broke the thing that Should Not Be Broken.
Steve huffs out a surprised laugh. “I suppose so, but you’ve gotta admit that the Brits knew what they were doing.”
Wtih a sharp, sudden flick of my wrist, I release all of the whip save the handle, snapping it through the air with a crack. And that's when it really comes to life, sizzling, buzzing and crackling with electricity. Reaching out slowly, almost trancelike, my free hand runs down the length of the whip that's covered in electricity, the energy sending warm tingles up my arm through the glove. I allow myself a brief moment to breathe in the comforting scent of ozone before snapping the whip again, deactivating it.
“Nothing, nothing,” I say hurriedly. “What the fuck was
"How many pirates?" Steve asks, turning back to Rumlow.
“Monkeys? I do not understand.”
A ripple in the air seems to cause a concussive force, and all of a sudden Steve is flying through the air. I swear quietly, tucking my arms in and angling myself down, shooting through empty space like a rocket. Drawing closer, I turn my body so that Steve and I will pass by each other, reaching out to snag the back of his suit as I do.
"Guys," I say, frowning. "Was there any terms or conditions about fighting aliens from outer space on the contract?"
"Shut up and put your arm around me. Laugh at something I said."
“The news is loving you guys,” the ex-lieutenant of SHIELD says. She sounds weary and worn out. “Nobody else is. There’s been no official call for Banner’s arrest, but it’s in the air.”
“Thanks, Barton,” Steve sighs.
"Our biggest guns can't touch it," Steve repies.
"But that's only temporary," Natasha says. "Selvig says that we can shut it down with Loki's sceptre."
“You know, the worst part about it is that I think he does know, just doesn’t care,” I reply. “Charges in like a dumbass.”
Footsteps.
“Pietro!” Wanda exclaims, terror raw in her voice.
Pietro skids to a stop on one side of the train car, and I use the opening to haul Steve to his feet.
Steve tries to cook dinner one night, and gets spaghetti sauce in the hallway.
“You look like shit,” I say bluntly.
There’s a boom and a car goes flying over the railing. I take the opportunity to launch myself across the bridge and over the side, rolling and catching myself mid-drop, flying sideways under the bridge. Nat has landed safely below, guns in hand and pointed straight up. I hear a crack from up above, and return fire ceases.
Clint meets my eyes, but then pauses, tilting his head as if listening to someone.
"Too busy!" he calls over his shoulder. Then I push him off the edge of the ramp, leaping down after him. It's been a while since I've been on an op like this. Sure, lately I've been training with Nat (not as recently, since the last time I'd seen her before today was when she was about to leave for a month-long op in Florida), and when she's not available I train with Clint. But SHIELD doesn't really call me in for anything anymore (which I'm kinda grateful for, but at the same time I'm not), and something that's Avengers-scale disaster isn't that common.
“Wakanada?” he says, more of a question than anything. He leans closer. “Wa… Wa-Wakanda.”
"And?" I ask defensively.
on the TV.
On the other side of the lab, Wanda’s red magic flares and Bruce falls to the ground.
"It's okay, I get the feeling," she replies, winking. I laugh, glancing over my shoulder to make sure that the agents have passed me by.
"Cut off one head, two more shall take it's place."
“Steve,” I mutter, yapping the supersoldier on the arm and tilting my head a little away from the Maximoffs. The blonde raises an eyebrow but complies, walking a few feet out of earshot with me.
Pushing off, I rocket through the air, directly past the pterodactyl, whip lashing out as I fly by.
"That bad, huh?"
"There's something wrong with me," I whisper to Clint in a corner of the viewing room. What we're supposed to be viewing is Nick Fury lying on an operating table, but my mind is so scrambled that I can't really think straight.
"Three minutes, max." I use the speeder as a kickboard, launching myself after another few speeders. "Payload will wipe out Midtown."
“Our next objective is to find out why Ultron wants the vibranium,” Steve is saying when I look back at him. “He’s not just taking it for fun. Tony, you’re our best bet. Get him talking. Try to stall for everyone to get into position. Banner, you stay in the jet. Klaue is hiding in a salvage yard; we don’t want something accidentally destroyed that brings the whole thing down.” Steve has gone full Captain America by now, posture military-rigid, hands behind his back and stance wide.
My flight is shaky and irregular, and I barely manage to wobble my way to a nearby roof. I don't even have the strength to land, just kinda tumble to the ground, entire body protesting. As soon as I do, though, I force myself to look up at the portal. No Stark.
“I’m bringing some plus ones,” I warn, swerving around the corner. I can see Central Park up ahead. “Right about… now.” I make a hard left, coming out on Park and diving low. The sound of machine gun fire reaches my ears, and I grin. I risk a quick glance over one shoulder, and see plumes of black smoke fading as the borrowed SHIELD jet circles back around.
forward, and as it passes by I throw out the arm with the extended blade, hooking it onto the back and letting the cycle drag me through the air. A disgruntled, garbled howl lets me know that the driver knows that I’m tailing him, and I bring my free hand up. Grabbing the glove with my teeth, I yank it off quickly and slam my hand onto the motorcycle.
“Look again,” Vision replies.
“Fine,” Tony replies grimly. “Let’s keep ‘em occupied.” I tilt in order to go between two speeders, extending my arms to slice gashes in the sides of the speeders. Sparks of electricity tickle my skin, but I pay them no attention as I do a sharp, 180 turn in order to head for Stark Tower. There’s no doubt in my mind that Thor had headed straight to confront Loki, and Nat and Clint would probably want to offer backup.
"Go. I've got this."
Nat takes a seat next to me, lifting her chair up so that it doesn't make any noise. Maria raises a single eyebrow at me, prompting me to sit forwards, legs swinging.
“He’s a spy,” Stark points out. “Captain, he’s
“Thanks, buddy,” Clint says as I propel myself through the air and towards the Doombots. “I’m jumping now, so if you’d stop by before I reach ground level, that would be great.”
“Please never use that word in that context ever again,” Fury says, voice expressionless. “I’ll drop Banner off at the Tower. Do you mind if I borrow Ms. Hill?”
~~~~~~
The creature’s head tilts, just a little, like curious puppy.
Explain to me.
"Accidents will happen," Zola admits. My eyes widen when a picture of Maria and Howard Stark pop up, the headline above them declaring their deaths by tragic car accident. A picture of Nick, and I nearly choke. "Hydra created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrific its freedom to gain its security." Flashes of footage, and then a clip of the launch bay for Project Insight. "Once the purification process is complete, Hyrdra's new world order will arise." A clip of old '40's newspaper declare Steve missing, another more recent one depicting him as 'The Hero Who Lost Everything'. "We won, Captain. Your death amounts to the same as your life. A zero sum."
“Trust me, no therapist would want to listen to my shit,” Tony says as I begin to butter the toast.
as two blades unfold from the armguards, about a foot and a half long. Nat likes to call them wrist reapers, since the blades look like those of a scythe.
Ultron and Tony head up, and I’m forced down onto the catwalks to avoid being hit. Four Legionaires are on me as soon as I land, so I’m stuck on the ground. A blur of blue rushing by sends me flying back, toppling over the railing of the catwalk, and I swear as I regain my bearings in the air. The Legionaires follow me over the side, and I quickly unholster my guns to shoot two of them point blank between the eyes.
The supersoldier is pulled down along with, me, his momentum and weight slowing mine down so that we slow to a stop without much help from my flight.
There’s a moment in which I think that he’s going to attack, but then something big goes whipping by me and makes a car explode. Steve, Sam and I all turn around to see Clint lowering his bow, Natasha propped up against the car beside him.
“Well, I think that was meant for you,” the doctor explains, pointing at Stark. The genius only offers him the silver bag, which the doctor accepts, pulling out a handful of… blueberries, maybe? “Even if Barton didn’t tell Loki about the Tower, it was still all over the news.”
“Why am I back?” Clint finally asks after a long silence. “How did you get him out?”
“What do you think we’ve been doing?” Steve says indignantly.
“Through the sheer power of ass-kickery,” I reply simply, tapping the pen against the table.
“You sure?”
“Zola’s algorithm is a program for choosing Insight’s targets!” Sitwell says desperately, one hand held out as if to stop the three of us from getting any closer.
The first Maximoff, Pietro, was hard. Staying off the ground seemed like the most logical option, although if the kid (and I shouldn’t be calling him that, because I’m only twenty-one, but damn, I have never felt so fucking old) could run on walls we might have a problem.
“Funny things are,” the billionaire replies cheekily.
“How’s that even possible?” Sam asks, seated across from me. “That was, like, seventy years ago.”
Another cold day, but not the same one.
“He’s heading towards Nat,” the blonde says without stopping, running past me. I swear, pushing myself to my feet with gritted teeth, hurrying after the archer once I’ve retrieved my whip.
Heavy footsteps from behind.
I scramble to my feet, propelling myself directly into his back, making him drop the blonde. Dropping back down to the platform and pressing myself against it in order to avoid the punch that the Soldier throws. Twisting my body so that my hands can grab the edge of the platform, I let the rest of my body follow my hands and swing myself under the platform, shooting out on the other side.
I make a face at him across the room and he shakes his head subtly. No truth, no trust.
Haven’t been for a long time, I think.
“We go in and we confront Stark,” Steve says. He’s been locked in Captain Mode since Seoul, and I don’t quite want to snap him out of it because we need the Captain, especially if we end up going against Tony. Steve shouldn’t be there for that, not without the Captain to shield him. “Talking only, no violence. Stark may be trying to create something new, but that doesn’t mean he can’t see reason.”
"Call it a résumé," Sam says, arms crossed. Nat's arm snakes around my shoulders, lifting the picture from my grasp.
There's a few crashes, and then a thud. I let out a surprised yelp when the body of a Chitauri is thrown over the side of the bridge in front of me. The crunch of gravel meets my ears, and I squint up at Steve with my one available eye. He's got my whip in one gloved hand, his shield slung over his back.
"What does that mean?" she asks. I shrug as well as I can with Steve's hand on my shoulder.
“Go,” Cho says, hand moving to press weakly at my knee.
I swap to 2048.
“Where’s Nat?” I mutter. Clint’s head snaps towards me, hearing aids having been fine-tuned to pick up softer sounds if there’s not too much background noise.
There's a flash of memory, just like the last one. Foreign, unfamiliar, like I'm not me.
"You're a terrible liar," Natasha remarks. Her eyes flicker to Clint. He nods.
“Can anyone make it down to the Disney store on 47th?” Steve asks. There is an explosion a few blocks off, and then the sound of a shield slamming into something big and fleshy can be heard over the comms.
Underneath where a walkway connects a big landing pad to the rest of the tower stands a certain god dressed in black and green. Minus the helmet, thankfully, so I don’t burst into laughter on sight. I can’t read Stark’s body language that well while he’s in the suit, but if I were him I’d be somewhere between pissed and pissing my pants, because there is a god on your front step that is set on destroying the world. But the billionaire keeps on flying, and I can just barely hear him having a hurried conversation with the AI in his suit.
You do not have friends, kitten.
“Use your indestructible frisbee of patriotism, I’m kinda stuck underneath the base!” A pause, and then Rogers’ line shorts out, disconnecting him. I swear. “Stark, you got any eyes on the Capsicle?”
I’ve lost my grip on my whip, but I don’t particularly care as I lunge at the Soldier, hand gripping the metal of his arm. The thing whirs and clicks weakly, sputtering once or twice before going out. The sudden weight of the arm makes me grunt, but I don’t have much time to think about that because the Soldier is turning his entire body, and with it the arm and I’m flying through the air.
Releasing the two assassins, I wheel around to face all three of my friends.
“I’m sure he’ll love those,” Kate replies. “Hey, give me Clint. I heard about the stupid stunt he pulled, getting hit by a laser last mission. I hope he realises you’re the one who doesn’t deal with the effects of that shit.”
I hear him do as commanded, and a couple agents that I recognize from STRIKE walk by me. I breathe a sigh of relief, turning back to rejoin the crowd, making a beeline for a Barnes & Noble. I'm not paying attention to Nat or Steve right now, but I do spot Clint moving away from another pair of STRIKE agents.
"Hey," is all she says.
~~~~~
I zip into the control room, touching down and running without stopping. My whip is on my belt now.
"Sooooo, how do those gloves of yours work, Hinojosa?" Tony asks. I hum vaguely, setting aside a textbook I'll probably need.
I duck out of the way of the first swipe, then dive left after feinting right, coming up behind the Soldier and pushing. He’s off-balance for a millisecond, and I use that to bring one foot up and kick the knife out of his hand. In an unexpected burst of speed, the Soldier whips around and grabs my ankle in one hand, grip harsh and bruising.
!” the Soldier yells, metal arm slamming into the shield.
“How does a machine made out of metal evolve?” I ask skeptically.
There’s a flash of red, and Steve goes flying back.
"What's this?" Steve asks, standing up to come look as we'll.
"Alright, so, basically Nick is an asshole and dragged me out of college so that I can help get the Tesseract back from Loki," I explain flippantly.
"From who?" Steve asks suspiciously. I shrug.
“I’m fine, mama bear,” I reply tiredly, curling up and shifting so that my upper body is facing the exit to the vents. “Cool your jets.” The door to the bedroom creaks open, and soft footsteps make their way around the bed. A mug of tea, bold black letters on the mug spelling out ‘MY IDEA OF HELP FROM ABOVE IS A SNIPER ON THE ROOF’.
“Cam?” a familiar voice stage whispers. “Cam?”
“What. Then.”
“Thanks,” Banner sighs, making a face.
Nine cups of coffee (for Clint and me both), an hour and one cramped flight later, Steve (in full, SHIELD-updated Captain America regalia), Nat (in her usual spy gear), Clint (in his own gear, bow stored away but easy to get out) and I (in full Lynx costume, minus the mask) are on a jet over the Indian Ocean.
"I will roger that," Tony replies. He's got his breath back. With a massive heavy, I manage to send the Chitauri flying with a kick, before leaping off the ground in order to shoot across the space between Steve and Nat and me. A few explosion from the radio. I flip over a Chitauri, then jam my blades into its head and drag them all the way to the small of its back as I land.
“Why are we dealing with Doom today?” I wonder out loud, ducking under a laser and unholstering a gun. “What happened to the Fantastic Four?”
"Where did Captain America learn how to steal a car?" Natasha teases.
“We could put it through the old SHIELD database,” Clint suggests, leaning forwards. “It might not work as well as it would’ve back in the day, but I’m sure it’s at least functioning.”
"The person who developed this is slightly smarter than me." A pause. "Slightly." The speed of clicking keys increases a little bit, but it might just be Clint looking something up on the Internet. I glance over.
"I’d like to wipe out the red in my ledger too,” he agrees.
***More Russian. Вставай means 'get up'
Lila gives me a toothy grin.
"I think she can explain it for you better than I can," my former SO says.
"We've still got civilians trapped up here," Tony says. There's the sound of a distant explosion, and then another, closer one. Four speeders zip overhead, and I just barely catch a glance of a golden helmet in the sun and a flash of green.
Angers wells up in me, because this isn't how this is going to end, this shouldn't be it. Tony couldn't die, not after saving the city. He should be alive to be congratulated, he shouldn't just be another historical figure the world will remember. This isn't how it should end.
"Do you want a functional sniper or not?" he whines. Rolling her eyes at her partner in the review mirror, Nat pulls away from the curb.
"Right," Steve says quickly. Maybe a little too quickly. "We're getting married."
~~~~~
"So he's a ghost story," Steve says. It comes out a little more than a question than it was probably meant to. I straighten up a bit, and Clint's hand drops to his side.
“Of course he does,” Natasha mutters into her end. “Give me a minute.”
“They keeping you here?” I ask, entering the room completely and walking over to stand beside the bed.
The car behind us rams us again, and I swear as I lose my balance, crashing to the side. A metal hand breaks through the windshield, tearing the steering wheel straight out of Sam’s hands.
It’s peaceful and comforting to fall asleep like this.
"I checked," the ex-Russian superspy replies matter-of-factly. Clint's in the kitchen, facedown and snoring on the kitchen island, a pot of coffee sitting next to him, untouched.
Gunshots from whoever is on top of the roof, and Nat is a blur of motion as she lunges into the front seat to shove Steve to the side. Another gunshot, and I lunge forward to cover Sam.
Steve’s shield whizzes past as Ultron flies back down to the roof of the truck, and I use the momentary distraction as an opening to snare the robot’s feet with my whip, activating it as I do.
I remind myself as I close yet another cabinet, plopping down onto the floor beside the redhead.
“You can stay there if you want,” he offers. I can hear his weight shifting, as if preparing to head back out. “I’m going to make some tea.”
There’s a blur of movement as the Soldier in the present leaps into the air, disappearing from sight. There’s a crash as he lands on the roof of the car once more. Sam floors the brakes once again, but it does nothing to slow us down. Nat’s hand is scrabbling around desperately, searching for her gun.
Steve jogs past me, towards the exit. I pull out my StarkPhone.
~~~~~
“Of the people in this room, which one is, a) wearing a spangly outfit, and b) not of use?”
"If you were Batroc, where would you be hiding?" Steve mutters. Clint shrugs.
"First rule of going on the run is don't run, walk," Natasha says on the supersoldier's other side.
"That's my secret, Captain," he says, beginning to advance once again. "I'm always angry." And when he turns back to face the whale-fish-centipede-turtle, his skin is turning green and he's growing in size, ripping his blue shirt to shreds. And when the alien whale-thing gets within range—one massive green fist shoots out and punches right into the metal-plated head of the beast.
"When Nick was... dying, he slipped something into my boot," I say, forcing the word 'dying' out of my mouth. I bend down to untie my boot in order to hide how I blink away tears. "I don't know what it was, I didn't think it was safe until now," I add, feeling around my boot. I'm proud of how my voice is strong and steady. My fingers brush against the object and I quickly pull it out. Natasha walks forward, snatching the thing out of my hand before I can even get a good look at it.
“We suck,” I add, crossing my legs and taking another sip of tequila as Thor’s brother advances towards the bar once again.
“Cam?” Steve calls worriedly. “You alright?”
"Tasha," I hear him murmur. There's a slight shift, and then all of a sudden Natasha hurries out of the room.
"Congratulations!" the employee says. He's beaming, but it's almost a little too bright. I roll my eyes at myself. You're in a store. He's an employee. They all have to be a little bit extra if they want to get paid. "Where are you guys thinking about going?"
"STRIKE, you heard the Cap," Rumlow says, shutting down the screen he'd been briefing us on. "Gear up."
"Wow, you two are practically twins," Nat comments dryly.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full,” I comment idly, deleting another file.
as I tilt to the side in order to avoid crashing into a building.
No luck so far.
He walks over the Steve, getting right up in his face.
“Hill!” Nick yells, staggering to his feet. I scramble to turn my radio on, the best solution the tech department could come up with for my situation, just in time to hear Maria’s response.
The low growl cuts Steve's directions short, and even he turns to see the source of the interruption. I grin when I see who it is.
"Rest where?" I snap. "In the hole in the ground that SHIELD dug me out of? In the city, which is being attacked by aliens from outer space? This isn't the time for me to
An earth-shaking
“If either of you want me to work anything, you need to get Ultron out of the way,” Nat replies. “Cam, Cap, you better keep him occupied.”
"I think he's coming up now," the archer murmurs. He nods to himself. "Yup, I'll be back in a
“Until we can find Ultron, I don’t have a lot else to offer,” Maria says.
“What was that?” Rogers asks worriedly.
~~~~~
of their speeders eerily synchronized. Sheathing the blade that’s on the arm attached to my gloved hand, I use it to tug my whip off of its place on my belt. It comes alive with a crack and surge of electricity.
“Steve, a little help?” I call. Ultron shoots a beam of energy at me, and I dive to the side. The civilians behind me do the same, to my relief.
I block a punch from Ultron, grabbing the inside of his arm to swing him around, using my foot to kick him further out of the train car. A shield comes flying out from behind, pushing him back to me, and I twist quickly to avoid getting hit as the robot barrels back.
"Why so steep?"
I'm trying to keep to the original plot of the Winter Soldier as best as I can, but there's a lot that I want to worm in that's definitely not canon. Thanks for reading!
Sam swears again as the car behinds us pushes us forwards, towards the Soldier in the middle of the road.
Natasha blinks once.
They did it to you, didn’t they? The programming.
A pull on the other end nearly has me tumbling through the air back towards the control panel, but I manage to reverse my flight pattern and remain at a safe distance. The Soldier grits his teeth, putting more of his weight into pulling me back. I resist as much as I can, leaning back myself and pulling as hard as I can. And when the cord is taught and creaking dangerously, I let go.
"It doesn't matter, you can just make something up," Natasha suggests.
Nick Fury’s right hand woman grins, pulling another rod from her belt.
But he still has full use of his upper torso, and he ducks under my first attack, wrenching his feet from the ground as he does. I yank the whip back, cracking it again to deactivate it before stowing it inside my jacket, where there’s a special pocket for the whip.
“These are… smaller agents,” Tony says.
“You should’ve left your armor on for that,” the ravenette snipes back, gesturing with his scepter at the walkway outside. “Your friend clearly has a better idea.” I shrug, one hand resting on my hip, just above my coiled whip.
I loop around to hover at the side of the catwalk as Steve moves forwards, landing quietly behind him once there’s enough room. My whip is still down on the floor below, but I don’t want to turn my back on the Winter Soldier of all people, much less give him a higher vantage point so that he could shoot me in the back.
"Cam? Cam? Hey, Lynx, you're kinda freaking us out right now."
"Nobody special though?" Natasha asks slyly.
“You’re gonna make it through,” I say, gesturing for Steve to leave. “I’m gonna call someone to help you and your people, m’kay? You’re not gonna fucking die.”
DRAMA. Lots of sentences that are spaced out to make the chapter seem longer. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“I think we both know that the timeline doesn’t fit,” Steve says. “For the memories.” And I remember telling him, after the Winter Soldier fiasco, when we were both confined to beds and moved into the same room so that Nat and Clint could keep watchful eyes on us at the same time. Something had flickered behind his eyes when I’d told him of the man he knew as his best friend nearly scraping my eyeball out of its socket in a brutal sparring match.
~~~~~
"Oh, one more thing!" I say quickly before everyone can split up to go to their designated positions. "Sam, grab me something to eat, I'm starving."
“I thought your father said he got the last of it?” Steve replies, a crease forming in between his eyebrows.
Aka, take advantage of the free WiFi and play games while listening in on Steve and Nat on the other end of the store.
, he's typed out. I quickly retreat to the kitchen, but my enhanced hearing can pick out Steve's reply even a room away as I open up the cabinets. "Like I told these two, there wasn't any other place to party." I glance out into the living room, and see another message.
Mjölnr flies past me, and I lean back just in time to have it sail past the snout of my mask. A loud crash from above tells me that Ultron and Tony have taken their squabble outside.
“What is this place?” Thor murmurs as we climb the steps.
“It seems to run on some form of electricity,” the Captain finally replies with a noise of frustration.
I shoot the last Doombot through the chest and use its falling body as a springboard to launch myself towards 7th.
Ultron and I crash into the opposite wall, but not quite with enough force to break through it, only to dent it.
“Stop it!” Ultron commands, tone seemingly genuinely offended. He bats the shield from his chest and puts a hand out releasing a beam of orange energy. I zip forwards, rolling into a landing on top of the truck and standing to cover Steve quickly.
"Clear!" someone calls.
A week after the Battle of New York, the Avengers gather to see Loki sent off. Clint has his arm slung around my shoulder, and I'm not entirely sure about who's leaning on who in this case. Selvig produces some sort of tube, which Bruce places the Tesseract in. It's being sent back to Asgard with Thor, who's keeping a tight grip on a chained, muzzled and shackled Loki.
I duck under the punch one throws at me, then brace my hands on the ground so that I can bring my entire body around to sweep the guy's feet out from under him. Planting my feet, I use that as levrage to bring the rest of my body up, using that momentum to deliver a blow to the guy's skull that puts him out. Steve is dealing with the two other guards, and I grin.
"Can I help you guys with anything?" a voice suddenly asks. I stiffen as I glance out of the corner of my eye. It's an employee, talking to Steve and Natasha. I watch them out of the corner of my eye, clicking random keys on my keyboard.
No, this time it’s Ultron who spins, crashing into the back of a seat.
Steve turns away. Leaves.
"I heard they couldn't bring in the choppers because of the RPGs," the ex-Russian super spy murmurs, half to herself half to the rest of us. "What did you use? A stealth chute?"
“Anybody remember when I carried a nuke through a wormhole?” Tony asks, moving to stand in the center of the room as he points up.
“Hi,” Clint says sheepishly, releasing Nat so that she can rest against the arm of the couch. “Company,” the archer explains, walking forward to hug the other. “Sorry I didn’t call ahead.”
“I’ll take Natasha, Clint and Cam,” he says, still looking exasperated.
The weight of the whale-turtle-centipede-fish thing pushes the Hulk back, and the geen giant roars. But while the front slows to a stop, the back doesn't. The tail end of the beast is rising, coming over the head and falling straight towards us. Metal plates rain down, exposing the fleshy inside of the monster.
~~~~~
The TV is flickering, and through my cracked eyelids I can just see Die Hard 2 being played out on the screen. Clint’s chest rises and falls rhythmically against my legs. Someone would have to take his hearing aids out or he’d be complaining about his aching ears all day tomorrow.
"Keep talking, Hinojosa," the bald man replies. "Keep talking." He coughs again, and in the bright lights of the fancy hotel, I can see the red liquid that comes up. "Catch Rogers as he comes in," Nick manages to force out. "We should celebrate Hinojosa's first mission together." Clint goes to the door, pressing his ear against it. Nick shifts silently, reaching into a pocket and pulling out a phone.
“On my way,” Steve grunts.
But Nat doesn’t look okay, eyes vacant and unseeing, even as I walk up to the two.
Actually, scratch that, I want to know how to get the stains out.
Tony produces an unnecessarily large amount of alcohol, the kitchen counters are laden with both empty and half-eaten takeout boxes and someone has pulled up
But the thing is, once my worries about Nat have been soothed, there’s something else to replace it. Namely, Stark. It doesn’t get any better by the time the jet’s programing sets us down on the landing pad of Avengers Tower.
"Going after him is a dead end," Clint says, crossing his arms. "All of us have tried. He's pretty much a ghost story." I bend to pick up the hard drive that I can't even remember dropping.
“Our number one priority is stopping Ultron,” Steve says. “We can’t let him get away with that vibranium. B-Clint, find a perch you can use to watch everything. We don’t know what he’s going to bring besides the Maximoffs. Comms are for emergency use only, since we know that he can hack into them. I’m trusting you to take anything we don’t see out. Natasha, watch him. We don’t want anything to try sneaking up on him if Ultron tries to take his hearing aids out.”
"I got him," the archer says. Then a speeder
“It’s your fault.”
Affirmative.
Loki growls, barely audible, and then his free hand shoots up to grip the billionaire by the chin, forcing him to drop his drink. With inhuman strength, he flings Tony across the floor, where he lands with an ‘umph’. I set down my drink, starting forwards.
"I got a ride," she replies, walking a little ways away. "I could use a boost though." Steve looks up at the Chitauri speeders still whizzing by, and I see realization dawn on the part of his face that I can see from under the cowl. He backs up, and I watch their backs, wrist reapers sheathed and the alien gun-blade thing held at the ready in their place. It looks simple enough; small trigger on the bottom of the long rod (presumably the barrel), press that and it shoots.
than needed to be verbalised.
“Tony, do you have her number?”
The grip on my biceps tighten. Clint's face is impassive, reminiscent of the way he'd been under Loki's control. I heave in a desperate gasp of air. Clint starts, and places a hand on my shoulder, another on Nat's. Nick is still on the operating table.
“We’ll lose,” Tony challenges.
“Relatable,” I mumble under my breath.
Allowing a single, shuddering sigh to leave my lips, I set the clothes aside and pick up the coiled whip. For a moment that seems to stretch out forever, I stare at my old weapon that's gotten me through so much. It's been so long since I've held this in my hands, and it seems to thrum with energy. In its own way, it's welcoming me back, whispering static words only I can hear.
A flash of movement catches my eye, and I turn to see Rogers dragging a semi-stunned Stark to his feet, pushing him out the door.
“Shit,” I mutter, unholstering a pair of guns.
I sprint forwards, taking a running leap off of the open cargo bay doors, snapping my goggles over my eyes to protect them from the nasty shit that might get in them. I surge forwards as the sound of the whirring of machinery reaches my ears, even with the wind rushing past them. I risk a glance over my shoulder and spot Iron Man a few meters behind, gold and red armor glinting in the sunlight, scratched and dented as it is.
“Katie-Kat wanted to talk to you,” he explains, holding out the phone.
"Thanks, Cap," I say dryly. "I'm actually nineteen." Rogers' brow furrows, and I can see his fists clench on the table.
"Why was Fury in your hotel room?" she demands. Clint opens his mouth, but Steve cuts in before he can say anything.
"Billion and a half," Rumlow replies.
“Hey!” an annoyed voice calls.
"He's in the galley with the other hostages," Rumlow says, shrugging.
Vision seems to take that as his permission to leave, because that’s precisely what he does, golden cape swishing behind him.
"Hey, um, Cam?" Steve asks awkwardly. I glance at Clint and nod at him. "I wanted to talk to you about the... the argument we had?" Captain America, the posterboy for patriotism, seems uncomfortable, and I take a moment to marvel at that before shifting my weight to my right leg.
“If this is the kind of superpowers the people on your team have, I’m sure the world is safer than ever,” Laura deadpans, hands on her hips as she watches me scrub at the stubborn marks on the countertop.
Not soon enough.
"Get Steve. We need to talk." Natasha gives me a once-over, then another look at Clint. He shrugs. She pulls out her phone. Dials Steve.
The pterodactyl hits the ground with a massive thud.
“We didn’t,” Tony snaps, backing up a bit. “We weren’t even close.” He turns to everyone in the room. “Were we close to an interface?”
Did the commander send you?
“U-Gen,” Steve replies promptly, straightening. He’s back in Captain mode, face void of any emotion besides steely determination. “It used to be SHIELD-owned, so there should be something to get us back to New York.”
“Great,” I mutter. “More planes.”
“The fact that you talk about pushing people off of airplanes so casually is mildly terrifying,” Stark says lightly from his place on the floor, not far off from me. I salute him mockingly, groaning at the pain from my side.
When Clint and I arrive in DC, the sun is shining way too bright and I don't know where this headache came from, but it's there and it's killing me. Natasha is waiting for us at the airport, and I glare at her in the rearview mirror as I slump into the backseat.
The turn comes up. I don’t change directions. I can see my reflection in the glass windows of the building. And then I swerve violently, tucking my knees up and feeling my feet meet the glass.
Steve and I keep on running, coming arcross two more guards sheltered underneath an overhang. Probably why Clint didn't get them. I veer to the side a bit, and Steve flings his shield. It collides with one, then ricochets back off of the other's head before flying back to Steve. I salute him mockingly, already running past the fallen guards.
“That was the end of the tracks,” Steve says grimly.
, I sign at Clint. His eyes brighten, and he loops an arm under mine to help hoist me up. I make a face, but the other guy comes over to my other side and helps haul me downstairs. Steve's already there, sitting at the kitchen counter, and he smiles as I collapse into the chair across from him with a pained groan.
"Where can we get our hands on one of these things?" Natasha asks, tapping the file on the table.
And then the sky booms and lighnting arcs out of the sky to electocute a group of advancing Chitauri. Thor lands a few seconds later with an earth-shattering boom. It's calm for a few moments, and the five of us use that time to regroup.
“Not alone,” the creature—a he, I suppose, judging by the voice—says, beginning to advance. The closer he gets the dizzier that energy makes me, and I’m forced to take a step back and to the side.
The sound of footsteps place Steve on the other side of my bed, closest to the door, and then they stop right in front of the bed. From this angle and at his height, I know that the supersoldier will be able to see both the vent cover lying forgotten on the ground and the very tips of my socks.
“She’s some sort of agent,” Tony mutters to Thor.
"Nuke, remember?" Tony says. "Less than a minute now, and I think I know where to put it." I suck in a sharp breath, using a building as a springboard to help me turn, heading for Stark Tower.
"Cap, none of this is going to mean a damn thing if we can't close that portal," the redhead pants. All three of us look up at the portal in the sky.
Tendrils of red magic—or whatever it is Wanda does—snake past me in answer, diving down in front of the train and presumably trying to halt it in its tracks.
"Hands on your head!" he barks. "Hands on your—"
“Вы,” the Soldier in the present murmurs, barely loud enough for my enhanced hearing to pick it up.
"Hold on!" Tony says, circling up and launching a missile straight into the fleshy part. It explodes almost immediately, and guts and metal rain down on us. Steve shelters Nat with his shield, Clint ducks behind a car, Thor shields his face with his arm and I leap backwards, flying out of the way of any flying debris.
“If they’re not all Hydra, you mean.”
"Jasper Sitwell was the only agent out of all the techs there," I say.
“You know what, Romanoff?” Steve sighs, looking to the ceiling as if spreauesting divine interference. Nat lets her mouth form a full-on grin.
“I have more than enough words to describe you, Stark,” Thor snarls, face contorted into a feral sort of rage.
Clint and the supersoldier exchange looks, some sort of unspoken communication passing between them.
Glancing down at the not-roomba, I give it a helpless look.
"Sorry."
As soon as the jet touches down, Steve stalks off, leaving his shield behind. He looks pissed and I see him slam the buttons of the elevator like they'd personally wronged him.
“How many agents?” he asks. It’s not really a question, actually. More a demand.
“Cam?” a familiar voice asks in surprise. I bite my lip.
"Thanks."
Glass breaks as someone drops from the bridge above me, shattering the windshield with the force of the impact.
him like I would have if I’d known him in person. It’s strange to think of Steve’s childhood friend as Bucky. Not when I’d known him as the man who’d nearly taken my eye out with a well-placed blow.
“I’m sorry,” the creature says, voice light and gentle and British and… JARVIS. “That was… odd.” It (he?) pauses, nodding to Thor. “Thank you.” A cape flows down over a set of broad shoulders, appearing out of thin air, a mimicry of Thor’s but not.
I’m shaken out of the memory flash (because even if I’m just remembering now, they seem familiar in a way that could only come from experiencing it firsthand) by the Soldier sending me flying into a car, knocking the wind out of me,
"I was thinking that you fly me over to the next building over with a gun and I cover you if anything goes wrong." I nod, slinging the rifle over one shoulder.
"What the shit, Fury?" I ask bluntly, hurrying forwards and looping my arm under my boss'.
~~~~~
"Secure the engine room, then find me a date," Steve commands. There's no true annoyance in his tone, though.
“This is insane,” Bruce mutters, walking over to stand just at the edge of the 3D schematic of what used to be JARVIS.
“Just once,” I groan, tipping my head up to look at the ceiling, “can you tell us at least 50% of the plan?”
It seems like an eternity, but the car door stops sliding and Sam rolls off of me and I roll off of Nat who rolls off of Steve and we all stand up to look around warily.
“Oh my god, Pierce is going to kill me,” Sitwell mutters frantically.
"You must be a mighty warrior indeed, Lady Hinojosa, for SHIELD to have called you back." Intense, electric blue eyes lock onto mine. "Pray tell: what are you capable of?" I smirk, crossing my legs as I tug on the swirling mass of power in my gut and turn invisible. Rogers' eyes widen, Banner stops in his pacing, stupified, and Thor nods approvingly. I grin, carefully climbing out of my seat and onto the table without a sound.
If I’m being honest, though, who wouldn’t?
“Почему бы тебе не пойти и не выяснить?” I reply, stepping aside. The broken husk of James Buchanan Barnes walks past me, as if in a trance, turning his back to me. Not the same girl he knew, but not quite different after all.
He’s dragged into the Tower, uniform still smoldering, with third-degree burns on his right arm and laser-induced injuries all over his torso.
“Selvig?” Thor asks. Something like shock and worry taints his tone. My gut tells me that these two are connected.
The warm water feels amazing, seeming to wash everything away. Watching the grime from the past day swirl down the drain, I feel like an entire weight has been lifted from my back.
"Well, we got its attention," Tony declares all of a sudden. "What the hell was step two?" Clint grunts off to my side, swinging his bow under a Chitauri's feet and stabbing it with an arrow. Nat leaps up onto another alien's back, jamming her widow's bites into it's neck until it collapses.
“Not exactly a limousine,” I comment as Rollins shoves me in. Steve, Nat, Sam and Clint are already there, watched by three other SHIELD agents. “I would’ve thought that Captain America warranted cushioned seats at the very least.” Rollins slams the doors shut, plunging the back into semi-darkness. Someone knocks on the side of the van twice, and then the ground lurches underneath me.
, Cap! We both need to be out there, fighting, and this is wasting our time, and wasting the lives of everyone still trapped in this hellhole!" Steve's frown lessens.
“They stopped commissioning those after you and Clint pulled the Great Wheelie Prank.”
“Liar,” he says, barely sparing me a glance. “I know one when I hear one. Who are you really?”
“You think I’m not?” the dark-haired man snaps back, producing a silver bag out of seemingly nowhere. “Why did Fury call us, and why now? Why not before? What isn’t he telling us? I can’t do the equation unless I have all the variables.”
“Я знал одну девушку,” the Soldier says softly. Another crash as something else smashes through the glass.
"Who fired it?" Steve asks.
“I’ll think about it.”
In the other room, Tony throws a dart. Clint makes his way into the kitchen. “He still going after launch codes?”
"Natasha, Batroc's on the move," Steve says. "Circle back to Rumlow and protect the hostages." No reply from my end. "Natasha?" Something moves out of the corner of my eye, and I step to the side. Steve barely has time to bring his shield up before Batroc's foot collides with it. The force of it pushes him back and forces him to roll. Batroc launches another kick, and I rugby tackle him to the side. I roll off him quickly, slamming my reaper against the deck. The blade unsheathes with a satisfying whoosh and I lash out with it just as Batroc makes to kick me.
“Not everything,” Tony says.
He glances down, and I follow his gaze to sets of missiles, lying in neat rows below. I’d passed them on my way up and given them no thought.
“Knees, Hinojosa!” a woman barks. I vaguely recognize her from Rumlow’s team, the one night on the Lemurian Star. I grit my teeth, lowering myself to my knees.
“Hey, Kate,” I say tiredly. “Anything world-shattering happen?”
He points a finger at me.
"Uh, guys, what if I close the portal?" I suggest. "Y'know, fancy mojo and all."
~~~~~
The belly of the carrier is big, catwalks stretching out on all four sides of where the targeting systems are located. I hurry across one of them, glancing over the side as a I do. A low whistle escapes me, because even I can take the time to appreciate the view, because the bottom down below is made of glass and
“Not important right now,” I reply dismissively, setting eggs, milk, chives, cheese, bread and butter on the counter. “What is is the fact that you’re not fucking eating.”
I don’t miss the way that the supersoldier doesn’t say it. The Soldier. Two words, but not empty. On the contrary, they’re packed full of meaning. Meaning tied tightly to murder and violence.
"I don't know," Nat replies, turning the hard drive over in her hands.
Through the window, of course.
"What's on this drive?" Steve demands. I glance down, shaking off the lingering wooziness. The drive that Nick had slipped me is plugged into the computer, and I can't remember seeing Nat do that.
“You have to upload that schematic in the next three minutes,” Bruce is saying by the time Steve holds up a hand to halt the three of us following him.
"Believe it or not, it's kind of hard to find someone with shared life experience," the supersoldier says dryly.
Clint moves away from the wall, stopping after a few moments.
"Ah, so it worked," the computer says. I gasp, one hand fisted against my forehead and one hand clutching at Steve's rock-hard bicep to keep me upright. My eyes are watering with pain, and my entire body aches.
“A safe house?” Tony guesses.
I’m not naïve enough to think that they can help me get rid of it, but I know that they’ll be enough—more than enough, even—to deal with the mental weight that’s latched onto me.
The train lurches again, but instead of the smooth glide of wheels on tracks, this time the train is off-kilter, momentum forced like its wading through something.
“We’re going to loop around,” Clint calls over his shoulder. “Don’t expect us too soon. It’s gonna take awhile.” Rogers looks at me confusedly as I pass him, a small frown turning the corners of his mouth down and furrowing his brow.
This doctor is no different than the rest, eyeballing the scars that I’d etched into my skin as if to make sure that I hadn’t tried to add to or reopen them. Other than that, though, she smiles and does the checkup and sends me off with a, “You’re all set!” without saying anything.
“Like we weren’t doing that before,” I mutter petulantly, munching on a fresh handful of blueberries.
“Stark will take care of it,” Steve replies, brushing past me before coming to a stop. Bone-deep weariness is beginning to sink into my bones, but nevertheless I adjust my posture so that I appear more alert.
"My wife kicked me out," Nick says, coughing right after.
"I didn't know you were married." Oooh, trust issues. Project Insight, probably. Clint and I don't agree with it either, but we do know that the idea behind it is sound. Stop things from happening before they could happen. But there were outliers like Loki and Thor, beings from other planets that we can't take out with machine guns. Still, that question has a double meaning. Nick shifts, pulling himself up into a slumped sitting position. He flashes another message.
“You know what’s in that Cradle?” Ultron asks, all attention on Steve. I’m under no illusion that he isn’t aware of my presence. A jet of Chitauri-like energy, except orange, shoots out from his hand. Steve turns, blocking it with the shield that’s strapped to his back. “The power to make real change, and that terrifies you.”
“Let’s start with that stick of his,” Rogers orders. “It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon.”
I’m panting like I’d just run a marathon, now, and it takes me a second to reorient myself.
“You know, I really miss the days when the weirdest thing science ever created was me,” Steve sighs.
“We need you back in for special ops,” Fury says without preamble. My mind practically sprints away from the cliff of curiosity, resolve hardening.
"What the fuck is that on your shoes?" the blonde exclaims. I crack my eyelids to inspect the brown substance splattered on the soles of my boots.
“Which car are you on?” Steve asks in response.
"Stark, these things are still coming," Steve grunts. I sheathe my reapers, yanking my gloves off and stuffing them in my pocket. My bare hands latch onto a speeder and it dies immediately. I kick it hard, and it crashes into a nearby building before it can reboot.
“Person bodies,” Tony adds, frowning from his place leaned up against the doorway. “The human form is inefficient, biologically speaking. We’re outmoded. But he keeps coming back to it.”
A snort.
Steve stands at the center of the Quinjet, hands braced on the low cross between a table and crates, looking expectant. Slowly, everyone begins to drift towards him, and once I join the group the supersoldier straightens up.
"That's why I don't ask," he yells over the sound of the wind rushing past us. I walk over to the edge.
"You had four plates of breakfast this morning," Steve says, confused.
He recovers quickly, though, charging forward and grabbing my wrist with his metal hand before I can dance away, twisting it in order to make me drop the whip. He kicks it away, and it falls to the glass floor below. His grip is tightening, and I scream in pain. Yanking my hand up with all my strength, I wrench it out of his grasp at the cost of scraping entire patches of skin off of my wrist.
from up above, and I glance up to see Iron Man, repulsors firing almost nonstop and three Chitauri on his tail.
Training begins now
"How long?" Tony replies. I put on a burst of speed and catch one of the speeders with my reapers. Yanking one out, I pull myself in as I swivel my body in midair, kicking the shooter off of the back. My feet land on the speeder, and I yank my reaper out of the speeder only to impale it in the driver.
I grit my teeth and put all my strength into pulling this time.
"This is SHIELD," Natasha murmurs. "Maybe where it started." She crosses the room slowly, going through a door just to the right of the SHIELD logo on the far wall. The room behind it is filled with shelves, but right as you enter there's a line of framed pictures on the wall.
It’s just the Soldier and me now. Steve is gone, and the eyes that used to belong to James Buchanan Barnes are staring at me, pinning me in place even as the rest of me screams to
“See if you can come up with anything better,” I retort, biting my lip as I tug on the whirlpool of power. “I’m going to try and cut more off at the neck, gimme a sec.” There’s no repsonse from anyone, which I take as confirmation, and I slam my armguards against my thighs, grabbing my whip in my gloved hand. With a sharp crack, it buzzes to life, and I swipe it through the air, taking out a few confused Chitauri.
"I absorbed an explosion, Cap, I'm tired and hungry and sore," I reply matter-of-factly. The super soldier sighs.
“Look, I’m not saying that we should trust them 100% without a thought, I’m just saying that we’re going to have to keep an open mind with them,” I say in a whisper. “Sabrina’s been inside Tony’s head, she’s yanked all of his secrects out of his brain and shown him his worst fear. You and I both know he’d do anything to make what he’s done right.”
Shut up!
Nat’s shoulders slump in a rare display of vulnerability. “It’s the best way to do it.”
“Original,” I choke out, grinning.
"Natasha, this really isn't the time," he says.
“More of a ranch, actually.”
Her steps are strong. Purposeful.
"But you don’t,” Clint shoots back shrewdly. Behind his dumb blonde act, he’s actually pretty smart. Nick told me that he figured out how the Tesseract worked before the world’s best astrophysicist. “You’re a spy, not a soldier. Now you want to wade into a war. Why? What did Loki do to you?” Natasha freezes, then pushes off the bed, crossing her arms and walking a little ways across the room.
“Do not play with my words, you pathetic mortal!” he roars. “I am a god, and you are nothing more than a lowly dog begging for my scraps!” I roll my eyes, shifting my weight onto my right leg.
“It would be my genuine pleasure,” I reply breezily. “What’ve we got so far on Rudolph?” It's almost like I'd flipped a switch. Banner resumes pacing, and so does Thor. Rogers leans forward.
~~~~~
“Woah, woah, woah!” Clint exclaims. “It’s going around.”
The only thing any of us can do is watch, Tony’s neck craning from his position on the floor, Steve shielding his eyes from the bright glare of the lightning, even me, say astride Tony’s chest, awkward as this position is now that we’re no longer fighting.
“I think you’re confusing peace with quiet,” Ultron snaps, advancing a few steps.
Naturally, the pterodactyl follows me.
I press my hands to Lucky’s chest, pushing him down to the ground so that I can make it into the same room as the others.
More Chitauri drop out of the sky, but these ones have some sort of gun with a glowing purple stripe on the side.
“You’re missing the point,” Tony says dismissively, drawing closer to the god. “There’s no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top.” I cross one arm around chest, propping the elbow of the other arm up on it, drink in hand as I follow the genius quietly. He’s stopped within arms reach of the god. “Maybe your army comes and maybe it’s too much for us, but it’s all on you. Because if we can’t protect the earth, you can be damned well sure we’ll avenge it.” Loki grins, and it’s a dangerous one. Any doubt that he may have had is gone.
It takes all seven of us Avengers twenty minutes to cart up every single box of physical files we have on Strucker and his time in Hydra. Thanks to SHIELD’s amazing forethought, none of the boxes are labelled, resulting in thirty minutes spent sorting the boxes into different piles. Only then can we focus on one particular category.
Sorry if this chapter is a bit shorter than the previous two, even if it took me fucking ages to write. I’m trying to keep up, and it’s been nice since school has been cancelled the past couple days, but I have to catch up on homework. The American Education system is brilliant.
“Shit!” Sam yells. “Hang on!”
— "oh my god."
Honestly, I feel like I'm running out of creative chapter names. Seriously, I named one 'Fuckity Fuck Fuck Fuck'. Ah, well. Getting to the juicy parts, so inspiration should be striking anytime now.
The creature (what to call it?) is learning.
, D.C looks amazing from above.
I barely have time to duck before a particularly powerful beam of white light from the Iron Man suit sweeps over my head, mowing through the Chitauri behind me like grass. Then the Iron Man armor is gone and a Chitauri tackles me through the windows of a bus. Yelping as the glass slices through my armor and into my skin, I twist under the alien's relentless grip. Its grubby hands are making their way up to my throat, and I grab the fingers, straining to keep them away from my throat. The alien growls, pressing harder, but I press back, putting all my strength into it. The Chitauri, surprised by my sudden force, lets go, and I twist in order to send it flying back out the window.
"Howard," Steve says softly, sorrow in his voice. He turns away, as if the pictures physically pained him to look at, wandering over to a shelf with the rest of us following. Clint stops in front of a shelf before he can pass it, though, and both Nat and Steve turn to look at him. The archer gestures to the small crack between two shelves, and I see that the one I'm standing in front of it slightly in front of the other.
"We got this," I hear Nat say. "it's good. Go."
Again, I do not speak Russian and I am very, very sorry if I’ve screwed something up. Here’s the translations (in order)
“Aww,” I coo. “Tell him I’ll swing by sometime this week with those special treats he likes.”
"Well, maybe it's not just about guns," Natasha reasons. Steve glances at my partner, just as more Chitauri speed by, dropping foot soldiers as they do.
“You always call him that.”
"What is it?" the Russian asks.
“Going left,” I hear Tony mutter in reply. I narrow my eyes behind the clear plastic of my goggles, tucking my arms in tight, careful to hold the blades away from my legs, and accelerating. And then I’m right in the thick of it, ducking under some sort of alien motorcycle that
“Nothing can restrain my inner little shit.” My wrists itch as I say the words, and I subconsciously tug the sleeves of my hoodie down further. Recovering quickly, I smile widely. “How do you feel about having Captain America in the same… “ I pause, frowning. “What the fuck do you call a flying secret base? A building or just a flying secret base?”
“And you need to focus on the problem, Stark,” Rogers interjects harshly.
"Well, apparently Batroc doesn't want to be captured," I say, forgoing the steps and flying down. "Who knew, huh?"
that I’ll never be able to hear that voice again.
"It was like being pulled out of my body and being stuffed into another one," I recall out loud. "It felt real, like I was there, but I wasn't in control of my body."
“No matter. I have Barton; he’ll do. I can take care of you later, after I make him kill Romanoff.” I grin, blowing and popping yet another bubble.
A month after the Battle of New York, and I'm still not quite moved in to Clint's. And so here I am, on the phone with Tony as I dig through yet another cardboard box in search of the coffee maker Tony had sent me.
“Uh, it’s a tattoo,” Tony says distractedly. “I don’t think he had it—“
“It’s good to see you,” she says softly. I smile hesitantly, still unsure of what to do. It’s been a year without contact, and after all that we’ve been through… well, I’m not entirely sure if she’s had more time to think about what I’d done in the past. Fury is easy. Nat, though…
"Yes, sir?" Sitwell asks, voice stuff and professional.
“You think that’s what Bucky’s going through,” Steve says. And isn’t this a strange conversation to be having with one of us curled up in the vents with a mug of tea tucked into the crook of their elbow, the other sitting cross-legged outside of the vents with their own mug of tea.
"But that's how we don't die," Clint interjects, moving so that his feet are on the floor. I whack him with my worksheets, moving them onto my knee.
I swear softly, eyes darting around frantically as the two supersoldiers engage in a fast series of blocks and jabs. There’s a cracking sound when the Soldier pulls his feet free of the putty.
"No pulse."
Vision’s eyes fall to my hands, understanding of sorts rippling across his face. “I don’t want to kill Ultron,” he admits, head bowing. “He’s unique, sndhes in pain. But that pain will roll over the earth, so he must be destroyed. Every form he’s built, every trace of his presence on the net, we have to act now. And not one of us can do it without the others.”
“Hey, hey, hey, I’m one of those people,” I protest. It’s safe to talk about ‘the kids’ over the phone, even now, with Ultron. ‘The kids’ is vague, and doesn’t flesh out any details about the brats. They’d be safe if Ultron ever overheard this conversation.
In a move much too fast for my brain to register, Steve is flipping as the Winter Soldier twists his shield, falling back without it. The Soldier stares him down, blue eyes peering over the top of the shield. When the blonde charges, he throws the shield so hard that, when Steve dodges it, it embeds itself in the side of a truck.
~~~~~
"We won," the supersoldier says, almost like he can't believe it. I can barely believe it either. The battle was a blur, but the feeling of hopelessness is still lingering, scattered images from the battle blurring together in my mind.
and the alien tumbles to the ground with an arrow in it's eyesocket. I crane my neck for a brief moment, sticking my tongue out at Clint. He grins back, and I turn around, bringing my whip around for another attack.
“I cracked the Pentagon’s firewall in high school on the dare.”
“See that red lever? It’ll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out,” Stark explains impatiently. “Stand by it, wait for my word.” A massive explosion comes from my left, and I yelp as the helicarrier pushes me down a few feet. Muttering a string of expletives under my breath, I heave heavily and push the helicarrier back up.
“I may have pushed a few people off the side of the carrier,” Rogers admits.
My eyes widen, and I risk a glance out the window as I fly past. There is a golden supernova hanging in the sky, a telltale sign of a bomb.
"Lynx, you're just a kid," he protests. "This is your out. You should take it, get some rest."
The demigod drops Tony, turning to face the supersoldier.
“Trail went cold about a hundred miles out, but it’s headed north and it has the sceptre,” Thor recounts. He throws a nasty look at Tony. “Now we have to retrieve it, again.”
Everyone is gone.
Sirens. Coming from all directions.
"You think you can hold them off?" Steve asks worriedly, directing the question at Clint. The archer replaces his arrow in his quiver, pressing a button on his bow. The quiver moves, aligning the arrow with a new arrowhead. I slip my glove out of my pocket, putting it on quickly.
"Stark, you've got a lot of strays sniffing your tail," Clint says warningly.
“Bullshit.”
“You’re tiptoeing, big man,” Stark says, drifting over to the center of the room. I quickly swipe out of the SHIELD records, returning to my earlier analysis of Loki’s scepter. “You need to strut.” I sigh heavily.
I relent, relinquishing the phone to the archer as Steve and Maria round the corner.
"After the war, SHIELD was founded, and I was recruited." Photos of Zola, then of a newspaper headline. "The new Hydra grew." A zoomed-in picture of Zola, then flashes of people, some of which I recognized from the SHIELD history course. "A beautiful parasite inside SHIELD for 70 years. Hydra has been secretly feeding crisis, reaping war, and when history did not cooperate" —a flash of a metal arm with a red star— "history was changed."
It doesn't seem to take that long for a year to pass.
“Nothing?” the billionaire asks the doctor with a frown. The doors to the lab slide open, and a certain walking, talking American Flag strides in. I can almost smell the apple pie and freedom.
To make up for the super-long hiatus for no other reason than lack of motivation and a sudden burst of inspiration pertaining to a different story, I worked all night to get this chapter up and to make it as long as the last one. Hope you enjoy two (almost) back-to-back updates. Feedback is appreciated. I don’t have a beta, so if anyone sees any errors, please point them out and I’ll get them fixed. Again, I’m so sorry about the long hiatus.
This is the Soldier. From now on, you train with him
"Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunneling effect," Stark says, on the move again.
“When you two” —I wave a finger between Tony half-in half-out of the kitchen and Bruce, now standing next to Nat and inspecting the drawing/painting Lila had done for her— “programmed him to protect the human race, you fucked up on a scale larger than royal.”
“Any chance we’re not anywhere near the end of the tracks?” I ask hopefully.
"Captain, it would be my genuine pleasure," the blonde says, grinning. Then he turns, drawing the arrow and shooting within the space of a second, just as the Chitauri begin to fire. Steve and Nat surge into action, Steve going one way as Nat rises to her feet, handguns raised. I crack my whip, deactivating it as I leap over the hood of a car and draw my handguns as I land.
Walkways are a little more complicated, but not overly so; the guards collapsed on the walkways are easy to jump over, you just have to put a little effort into your landing to make it quiet. About six more guards emerge from inside what I assume must be some sort of break room by the donuts they're all holding. I vault over the railing without pausing, landing right on top of one. Before the others can even call for help, Steve drops down and takes out another one. I whirl around, leg coming up and catching the other with a kick.
Man, those Chitauri sure screwed up my descriptive capabilites. 'Beings in the galaxy' doesn't quite roll off the tongue like 'humankind'. Ah, well, extra-terrestrials be damned, it's time we deal with the situation at hand.
, and I can see one of the moving dots stop moving. Putting on a little bit of speed, I quickly near the ship, touching down on the deck quietly, near where I'd seen Clint take the guard down.
“Let’s play,” I mutter. And then I swing my whip at the first wave, the cord that’s channeling the electricity slicing through them like a scythe through wheat, or whatever you use it for. Expect for that one Greek myth. I’m not going to butcher my dad today. Several purple lasers hit my chest in rapid succession, and I stumble back. I recover quickly, whip lashing out with lightning (ha, get it?) speed in order to cut the next ones down.
~~~~~
“Wheels up in three, Cam!” Steve calls from the Quinjet parked in front of the house.
“I’m coming, you impatient ass,” I grumble, whacking my armguard against my calf as I pour speed into my flight. There’s purple lasers flying all over the place, and the repulsors on the Iron Man suit create distinctive white flashes of light. Debris is raining down in a light shower, black smoke clearing away from imploded speeders.
This time I don’t anticipate the blow that sends me flying back, slamming into the rails of the catwalks. The Soldier’s metal hand heads for my neck, and I barely manage to move before it makes it to me. And then Steve is ramming into the Soldier, sending all three of us tipping over the side of the catwalk and down to some sort of platform just below the targeting blade control panel.
Nat and I make eye contact as Lila reaches her, and the ex-Russian superspy nods once.
I watch him walk away numbly, tablet dangling from my gloved hands. I’d just agreed to do something that I’d sworn I’d never do again. And I’m not worried. No, I’m… Well, I’m kinda psyched to do this. And that’s what scares me the most.
The speedster disappears in a blur of silver-blue, and before anyone can blink, sparks fly from disconnected equipment. Pietro’s From comes into focus on the other side of the room, long connecting cable in hand.
"Because it's SHIELD's."
I wake up in tears a week later and crawl into the vents, shaking from the memory of the not-quite-dream.
“Already on the scene. How’s the team?”
“Because Stark is right,” Thor says quickly, cutting Steve off.
I duck, rolling out of the hole in the wall that Ultron and I had made, diving to the side as another beam of orange energy shoots from Ultron’s palm.
"Roger that," I reply, cracking my whip as I launch myself through the air zip down the street before crashing through yet another window. There's five Chitauri standing on a raised balcony in front of me, all pointing guns that seem to be attached to their arms at a small crowd of people out in the open, vulnerable to their weapons.
~~~~~
“Thor’s right,” the supersoldier says. “Ultron’s calling us out. And I’d like to find him before he’s ready for us. The world’s a big place. Let’s start making it smaller.”
“Yeah, well, Fury helped me set this up after New York,” Clint says, a shadow passing over his face. Laura snakes an arm under his and grabs his shoulder, pulling him in close for a side hug. “He kept it off SHIELD’s files. I’d like to keep it that way.” Sharp blue eyes scan over the rest of the Avengers. “I figure it’s a good place to lay low.”
"The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily,” Stark says. “Only major component he still needs is a power source. A high energy density, something to kickstart the cube.”
“Barton told me about you,” Loki says, a grin creeping over his impish features. “But under a different name—Cam, if I’m not mistaken, better known as the Black Lynx? My, my, my, what I would do to get my hands on you…”
You sound like a robot.
The Norse god of mischief can only stare. I stare right back, a small frown on my face as I replay what I’d just said. I slap a hand to my face as I realize what, exactly, I’d just blurted.
As a result, we make the most of it.
"Get in the fucking car, man, we need to get coffee," I call, brushing my hair out of my face. Captain America is in jogging clothes, and there's another man beside him. About a head shorter than him, give or take a few inches, muscular, African American. Jogging clothes too. Maybe Steve's running buddy? Nah. It might not look like it, but the blonde is a little shit. I've seen it up close and personal when it came to hoarding popcorn.
“I just thought that maybe if I kept looking, then he’d know that I want to find him, even if he’s still the Soldier,” Steve continues, interrupting my runaway train of thought. “That he’d know I wouldn’t care.”
For a moment, I feel like we've accomplished something significant. But then movement from the portal catches my eye, and I turn towards it. Just in time to watch two more of the massive whale-turtle-centipede-fish things swim out along with a new wave of Chitauri.
My left arm is gripping my bicep, clenching hard around my upper arm. The pain I get feels like penance as I slowly calm, shoulders relaxing tiredly.
I’ve been planning a coming out scene for Cam ever since I first created her character. I thought that maybe the scene in Chapter 8 (where Cam pretends to be dating a girl to avoid the STRIKE team) was enough, but decided it was flexible and could be interpreted differently. Then I thought about Cam’s attitude about being ‘different’. So, here’s Cam expressing that she’s a flaming homosexual through a joke. Another note about Cam’s sexuality: she’s from the ‘40s. She’s only got a vague understanding of ‘queer’ (and I apologize if that word is offensive to some people; I, as a member of the LGBTQ+ community, never found it insulting) even if she’s been in the 21st century for almost thirteen years. SHIELD had her running around on missions and training, so she never really had free time. When she hit puberty, people who were invested in Cam having a semi-childhood started asking her teasing questions about boys. She was confused as fuck, for lack of words. In the end, she made her peace with it, and doesn’t really see the need, nor have the time, to dwell on it even further. Even having been exposed to people like Clint (who I headcanon bisexual) and Nat (aro ace), she’s never needed a label to feel comfortable about how she’s not strictly attracted to the opposite gender.
"The guy is still out there," the archer hisses. "Mask, metal arm, dark hair. GO!" I don't wait for any more prompting, vaulting over the back of the couch and making for the window. The gun is clamped between my teeth and I shove my safety goggles up and fling my hands up to shield my face as I launch myself through the window. There's a building a little ways off with a roof that's high enough of a vantage point for this assassin to have gotten a hit in on Nick. I slip my reapers on in midair, and when I touch down on the roof they're secure on my forearms.
“Turbine looks mostly intact, but it is impossible to get out there and repair when we’re in the air,” a mechanical, British-accented voice replies. I jump, banging my head on the underside of the helicarrier with a clang. There’s a brief stutter from the other engines, but the helicarrier remains in the air.
Two hours later, Natasha calls me up and tells me that Kate broke her leg and is down in surgery.
Laughing, I use both hands to fend the over-eager dog off as the rest of the Avengers file past me into the living room.
“Uh, I just want to finish my work here and…” Banner gestures vaguely, trailing off. Rogers looks at the doctor seriously.
Closing my eyes to dry my face turns out be an entirely different story.
"Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are dead, so," Steve grins, "not really."
As soon as I answer the door and see the man standing outside, I try and slam the door in his face. Sadly, the universe doesn’t seem to be on my side today, because Nicholas Motherfucking Fury is able to wedge his foot between the doorframe and the door, preventing the stupid lump of wood from closing.
We need to go, kitten
Eventually, the redhead pulls away, holding me at arms length and inspecting me with a critical eye. Idly, I wonder if I should’ve worn something snazzier than skinnies and a hoodie, but dismiss the thought just as quickly when Nat smiles.
Nick Fury himself is a tall, African-American guy with a penchant for black trench coats. An eyepatch covers his left eye, making him appear even more mysterious than he already is, a tablet tucked under one arm. I’d learnt a long time ago to never mess with Fury. Doesn’t mean I don’t, but I’ve been diagnosed with authority issues.
"Definitely," I reply happily. "It's been way too long."
I jump, spinning horizontally over a swipe from an alien gun, step out of it gracefully and swivel to deliver a fatal headshot. More Chitauri are arriving. I leap over Clint, who's sliding and turning, ready to fire an arrow. Flipping over another car, I leap over one more and land solidly on top of a Chitauri. Slamming my armguards onto a nearby car, the blades whoosh out and I use them to decapitate another alien.
“Threatening,” I correct, hopping up onto the counter that’s hidden behind the ledge. “And tequila for me.” Stark eyes the counter underneath me, but makes no comment. Taking out two glasses, he pours a few inches of tequila into one and some sort of scotch the color of amber into the other. I take mine with a grin, the silvery metal that’s woven into my gloves clinking quietly against the glass. “Cheers,” I offer.
“I know you’re angry,” Wanda begins.
~~~~~
The toast goes on the plates, and I slide one of them over to Tony.
“Lillian,” Steve interjects. “Lip piercing, right?”
“Just find a truck with a door hanging off the back,” Steve’s voice informs me. “He’s unhappy, so I’m gonna try and keep him that way.”
"I'm on it," Steve says, breathing heavily as he goes to retrive his shield.
“A few hours from where?” Tony asks. He sounds exhausted.
“Stark Relief Foundation?” Tony, I notice, it adamantly Not Looking at the screen.
I breathe out slowly. “He is,” I say quietly. I turn off the stove, stirring the eggs one final time before I turn to take the toast out of the toaster. “Maybe think about taking a page out of his book.”
A snort.
“Alright, I’m clear,” Cap declares barely a minute later, coming online once more. I breath a sigh of relief.
“I don’t care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard, and he is my brother.” I grin.
*That little blooper wasn't actually mine. It was from Matt Fraction's fabulous Hawkeye comics, and the page that it appeared on can be found at the link I attached in the story.
“The Avengers,” Stark points out noncommittally, taking another sip of honey-colored scotch. Loki and I both raise an eyebrow. Me, because I didn't know that Stark knew what Phil had named the program, and Loki because... I can't even find the smallest part of me that gives a shit about why he'd raised an eyebrow. “It’s what we call ourselves, sort of like a team,” the billionaire elaborates. “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes type of thing.”
It feels like we’re sneaking through Avengers Tower, even if Steve striding Through the hallways, shield on full display is anything but. At the very least, Tony and Bruce don’t see us until we’re actually in the lab.
"Well, it kind of sounds like that's what you're saying."
I duck behind a nearby car on instinct, hands sheltering my head. When no impact comes, I poke my head around the bumper cautiously. There’s no one there, and so I edge out from behind the car.
“How’s he doing?” I ask quietly, voice raspy. I can feel Nat’s shoulders slump.
“Hey, hey, hey, take it from someone whose mojo is anti-witch, she isn’t going to hurt us,” I jump in quickly. “Look, I know she did shit in the past—“
There's a quit
The look in Wanda’s eyes is knowing.
“How’d he break ‘em?”
"No, I'm smart," Natasha corrects.
Natasha coughs off to my left, hand coming up to hide her mouth.
Bullets whizz out from all directions, but then there’s a soft
Forty-eight hours later and I’m packed, ready to go. I’ve read the briefing packet back to front at least five times, am now an expert at thermonuclear astrophysics and have a splitting headache. A low rumble penetrates my little bubble of thought, and I look up, wind churning the leaves in the yard up and whipping my ice-blue hair out of its lazy bun at the top of my head.
More rapid-speed gunfire, probably from an automatic rifle. Natasha fires back. Tucking the handle of my whip under my armpit, I snap my goggles down over my face as gunfire from both sides ceases.
(See the end of the chapter for
I was that girl.
"When did you get that, and why didn't you tell us?" Clint complains.
"You'll never know. Gimme a sec." I duck into the break room (it was definitely a break room, there's a vending machine and everything) and grab two donuts. The look Steve has on his face when I emerge is halfway between annoyed and breaking out into laughter. I hold one out.
“Doctor?” A long silence, in which Banner removes his glasses with a sigh.
"Call it, Captain," Tony says. His voice sounds small and tinny coming from inside the Iron Man armor. There's a brief moment of hesitation from Steve, but the supersoldier pulls it together quickly.
I watch Natasha turn on heel and stalk down the hall with a sense of trepidation.
I let my feet take me wherever they want, which might have been a bad choice, considering that I end up standing in front of a certain glass cage, facing a sneering god. He doesn’t have the helmet on, though; I’d seen the pictures from Stuttgart, and I couldn’t help but laugh every time I saw the stupid golden thing. The absence of the helmet does not, however, bring my self-preservation instincts into play, nor does it jolt me out of my decaffeinated haze, because the first thing I blurt out isn’t exactly something I’d say to a god.
“I don’t know,” Nat admits. I’ve been hearing that an awful lot lately, and the fact that the redhead has said them makes me scared. Because the ex-Russian superspy isn’t exactly one to admit her faults out loud. “Whoever’s left.”
“That’s not perverted at all,” I mutter, crossing my arms with a shudder. “I’d say nice to meetcha, but you kinda turned one of my only friends into a flying monkey from the Wizard of Oz.” Loki rolls his eyes.
By the time Tony carries Bruce back to the Quinjet, everyone has shaken themselves of the lingering effects of the Maximoff’s mind warp. Clint had given them a rundown on what Tony was off doing, setting a somber mood all around. Bruce himself is huddled on the floor, blanket drawn around his shoulders but entire body shivering. His bare chest is gleaming with sweat, and my heart hurts for him.
“This could’ve been avoided if you hadn’t played with something you don’t understand,” Thor snaps, waving a hand around angrily.
"Who is this?" Sitwell demands, voice steely.
"So," the scientist says casually, "this all seems horrible."
"What?"
“Roger that,” Clint replies with a snicker.
"Don't do this to me, Nick," Natasha is saying. Repeating over and over, a mantra. "Don't do this to me."
Tony jerks back when the dart embeds itself in the bullseye of the dartboard, and Clint shrugs smugly as the genius turns on him with an accusing glare.
With a final scream of exertion, the train slides to a stop on a sidewalk.
“What targets?” Steve asks curtly.
And then the Soldier is bringing his weapon up to point at me and I’m shooting forwards, hand without the bracelet outstretched and we’re tumbling to the pavement.
"Fuck off, I'm sleeping," I snap, not even bothering to check the caller ID.
“Check her wrists,” the woman commands, closer now. “Stark rigged her up with some fancy new power suppressors. Some sort of bracelet.” Hands dig into my jeans pockets, and I automatically swivel on my knees, rolling back so that my legs can come up to knee my assailant’s arms away before shooting out to kick them in the center of the torso. The man lets out an “oomph” as he stumbles back, and I bare my teeth at him in a snarl.
“So,” I say slowly, cracking and sitting back on my heels. “What’s been going on with you lately?”
“Yeah, a minute might be a little dicey, depending,” Steve grunts, ducking under an energy beam. I pull the end of the whip towards me, looping it around my hands twice. The wire digs into my skin, and the electricity rakes sharp needles of pain over the backs of my hands, but I can deal with it.
Fuck you, rhymes.
All of a sudden, a silvery-blue blur flings me down the catwalk, and my head hits the wall hard. Groaning, I make to sit up, but then red clouds my vision. My eyes fly wide open, and my body lashes out on instinct. A whoosh of air, and my knife flies through the space where Wanda Maximoff had been.
I shift slightly, socked feet making quiet rasping noises against the metal air ducts.
An hour, a few stolen hats and four cups of coffee later, Steve, Natasha, Clint and I are all walking through a mall.
"I... don't know," I admit. "It was another one of those memories." Clint's brow furrows.
“Yes ma’am,” I hear the Captain reply. Veering right, I cough as I inhale errant smoke from the burning engine, quickly diving down under the helicarrier. A red and gold shape quickly comes into view, and I salute Stark as I speed past him, heading for the underside of the helicarrier.
“Why?”
~~~~~
"What worked?" Natasha asked sharply. The face onscreen disappears, and the green face on the larger computer shifts. It takes me a moment for me to realize that whoever this is is smiling.
Lucky is sweet, even if he only eats pizza. Anything else and he'll give you those sad eyes that make you want to break down and cry.
“Who’s in on this?” I demand, shaking him. “Who’s making this all happen for Pierce?”
"Stark, are you seeing this?" Steve asks, turning. His voice brings me back, grounds me. I roll my shoulders cracking my whip and watch it light up with electricity.
“In the future?” I repeat, crouching down to look my former handler in the eyes. “How did it know?” Sitwell lets out a weak chuckle.
