A loud howl rang out, the light flickered and buzzed; the creature was turning, twisting. It sank downwards, into the floor. It shrank before Castiel’s very eyes; he stabbed at it again. “That’s for taking the face of my mate.”
“I know, I forgive you.”
Dean grinned and winked at her. “Yes, ma’am,”
“Why is this so great?” mumbles Dean so sleepy he needs to sit and eat.
“Yes, love. Grab your bags, and we will be on our way.”
Dean gets the letter from under his bed. Forgetting about it, until the argument. Castiel had called him. Both he and Charlie had a surprise for him.
Dean turned rosy red no one had called him beautiful before but he smiled back. “Thank you, Hannah.”
Two more pumps and Castiel’s knot locks inside Dean, and he cums, shuddering from the shock, his orgasm taking over him. His grace exploding through every neuron, his eyes glow, and he can hear a rumble in the distance. Shouting out Dean’s name like bliss on his fiery tongue.
Dean closed his eyes and breathed through his nose and breathed steadily. Needing to calm down, drying his eyes.
“Dean, it’s OK sweetie, where are you?” trying in vain to calm her friend down.
Dean nodded, the choir’s soulful sound hurt his heart, but he stayed for his friends. He was nothing but brave he would not let them down.
“How can I be so happy, after what happened to Uriel?”
Dean got caught up in Beth’s joyful mood. Mertha felt honoured that Dean had asked her advice on the sensitive topic.
“Yes, fine, but you catch up on any work you miss.” she points sternly at her mate.
“It must be bad if he let you up here.” Dean sniffed, seeking a tissue.
Castiel shook his head; he would never stop fretting, it was his job after all.
Standing side by side, Michael tilted his head in respect and started the ceremony.“Who passes this omega to be bonded?”
Dean meets John and tries to battle past him one last time. Castiel ends up being stunned by a Fate but will he be saved in time? Read on to find out what happens to our heroes.
“Adam, talk to him. This has gone on far too long. He can’t keep treating you like this. I know you made mistakes, but it was partially because of how he was acting.” Dean told his friend.
“Well done, Dean, you did great.” Adam thumped his back.
“Darn, call Charlie, and I will contact Anna over angel radio. Charlie showed Dean around last night.”
“Amber, no one gets in or out of this building. Full security and for Chuck's sakes make it Nephilim proof.”
“You don’t have one, Dean?” enquired Anna, coming to stand by Charlie.
Dean landed on the back road of the quiet town of Lawrence, near where his childhood house stood. There was a storm overhead, and the grey of the sky matched his mood. Folding his wings away, he walked until he could see the man that he once called dad.
Dean was over at the nest for the weekend. Castiel had pampered his mate, and Dean felt loved and special. The angel had some work to accomplish in his office, so Dean wondered about the house. He flicked the television on and caught the world news station. Dean had not understood until that moment in time what his mate had meant. That his powers had delivered a shock wave through the world’s omega population. They were standing tall, standing up for themselves. No longer choosing to be oppressed fighting for discrimination in the world.
“You think that will stop us? Your banal remarks.” Joel grabbed Deans hoodie and ripped him off the bridge and Raz tripped him. The younger boy stumbled on his hands, but he twisted his wrist, causing him pain.
“We discovered that Samuel Campbell died a year ago. Deanna’s vanished. The rest of the family did not want to know. We sent Samuel to live with his only other relative, a distant uncle, Bobby Singer.”
“Thanks, dude, that's kind of you.”
Dean arches his back and groans with relish as pleasure zips through his tense body. Castiel moves his hands to Dean’s feathers, hoping to find the oil glad’s, usually developed by the time the omegas reached heat. The angels not disappointed though, the thick clear liquid that smells just like his boy is leaking copious amounts down Dean’s thick feathers. Lapping it up like a rare treat, he purrs around the tiny nubs.
“Positive thinking, brother.”
Dean pointed his ring finger, and Beth promised to call him when it was ready. Hopefully, before graduation. They met with Castiel, who was a little flustered because they were slightly late.
“I can’t believe it; you made her like new. Thank you, thank you all very much.” Dean babbled, not sure what to say. He had baby back, his mom’s beloved car.
Michael was in the centre holding a large rectangular wooden box in his hands. The angel waited for the choir to finish their heartfelt songs for their lost brother. Castiel held tightly to Dean’s side, making certain he was a consistent presence and support for his young mate.
“Naturally, and you?”
Dean could see John held something in his hands. Was that holy oil? Yes, when lit an angel could not get out of the fire, but it could still burn an angel in liquid form.
Principalities: Red
“You’re a wicked boy, Dean Winchester.” Mertha had a feeling the Dean would get his wish. Would give everything to make the omegas world a happy one.
“I saw nothing.” Charlie piped up.
“Come, we need to visit the commander.” the angel grunted in annoyance.
“Oh, you alpha angels.” tutted the woman. “Francis, leave or we will have a major incident on our hands.”
“Fine Pam.” Dean winced as she poked and prodded him.
Castiel held the little package wrapped neatly in his fingers, wiggling it. “I never got you anything; I feel ashamed.”
“I trust you. What if someone overhears?” Castiel sat down on a table and wiped his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Creatures like your father know how to make the pain last.”
“You’re late.” she hissed at them.
Dean prayed to Mertha.
“Castiel’s got the entire garrison searching in the crater.” giggled Anna, “they have not stopped, once. They will find it, Dean.”
Dean worked hard on his exams. His brain melted from overuse. The exams and tests continued for two weeks. There were intervals in-between, and he would sit out in the garden. Knowing the bullies had gone and he no longer had to look over his shoulder. Mertha gave him fish food, and he would swing his feet off the bridge and feed them.
“Close friends and family only. Charlie, Adam, Bobby, and Sam are family. They can’t come into the second floor, but everywhere else is okay. There is a stairwell that will take them past our room.”
Dean glanced over at his angel, hoping he would explain this subject.
“Adams fine Dean. Hurry up and eat. Castiel tells me you’ve had no time to see your car. I will give you driving lessons. I have nothing else to work on today, and Castiel wants you to rest.”
“Your Castiel guards that tree Dean,” Bobby told the omega. “I doubt anyone could get to it. Sammy was born, and you remember your mom, so we know it can’t be in childbirth. Unless she was pregnant again. But there was no sign of that. Karen and I were around all the time until she took sick.”
Dean went crimson at the nickname.
“What happened to the third bully, Zadkiel?” enquired Gabriel when Kevin had not mentioned him.
“Goodbye Lucifer, see you soon.” Dean waved, Castiel gave him a peck on the lips, and the angels were gone.
They all sat down to a dinner of roast chicken and veg, mashed potatoes and gravy. For dessert, it was apple pie and ice-cream.
“Excellent, now keep all your senses open, this will be a rocky ride. We have Heaven and Earth resting on our shoulders. I can’t stress how important this battle.”
“You’re welcome, Dean. Be safe on your journey, and I hope you locate your brother.”
“Won’t they notice though?” frowns Adam in concern.
Castiel sighs and wishes he could support his mate. One day will come that his Dean will know his truth of his worth in the world. And he Castiel will be there to witness it, in its magnificent glory.
“Careful love.” Castiel laughed at the two boys, joy. “I guess the answer is a resounding yes?”
Octopus Salad-Puerto Rico
Dean went up to his room and flopped on his bed.
“No, but we will see how long he takes to realise that.” she winked at the young omega.
XxXxXx
“Hi, guys, glad your here.” Dean smiles, happy to see them both.
Dean stood by Castiel, still a little put out, by the earlier interaction. The angel pulled him in and held him. “I’m always going to look out for you, baby boy, get used to it.” The angel whispered tenderly into his mates’ ear. Dean huffed but melted into the embrace, glad to have his angel back.
“Nooooooooooo,” Dean screamed, tears rolling down his freckled cheeks, struggling to get free but failing badly.
Castiel nods and flies away.
When Dean went to meet Charlie for lunch; Hael had gone only working in the morning. There was a commotion by the library; looking over, he saw Charlie and Adam by the library doors, not sounding happy. From the look’s of it, they were being tormented by three new kids. Dean was positive of it because he had no clue who they were.
The alarms sounded for the humans to get to their rooms. Castiel was just about to grab for the door when Mertha stopped him.
“You think that’s for me?” Dean raised his eyebrow at his friend.
“Yeah, it is. Grab your bag. It’s time to leave.” the brothers went down the stairs, and Missouri was waiting for them.
“Blessed are we.” everyone sang together.
“I miss mom, but I know she’s better off with Sam and Uncle Bobby.”
“I know. I’m so sorry angel.”
“We have to meet with Castiel first; he’s Seraphim first class. That’s who’s they link Deans blood with,” stated Hannah, who was getting her notes in order.
“Give me news, Eremiel,” Castiel growled out to tense for pleasantries.
“What are you so unsettled about, angel?” Dean whispered, keeping his voice down, wanting to keep their conversation private.
“Damn, yes, better walk over Dean. We’re there for you buddy,” Charlie said, grinning at her new friend.
“You taste divine baby, so sweet.” Castiel pulls back and milks his glad’s and feeds the oils to his mate. Dean suckles of his fingers greedily, slurping, sucking at them like he can’t get enough. The angel then spreads the oils between their body’s coating them in each other’s scents.
“Well, least you know, so we have more eyes on him. I don’t want to cause an issue if there is not one but...”
“So,” Dean said, munching on a juicy burger which was not on his meal plan, but there was no one to stop him. “Anything new with you two?”
“You look amazing, Castiel, and you to Sam.”
All four of them had a great day. It took Dean time to loosen up, to realise that good happened. Castiel had paid for VIP tickets so they could receive priority on rides. They had burgers for dinner. Got souvenirs’ and had an auspicious day.
“Yes, I can’t wait until we’re out of these networks,” Castiel hazily replied deep in thought.
“Is that so?” Mertha clicked her tongue at the unexpected news.
Daffodils-New beginnings.
“I will take you up on that offer brother.” Castiel groaned in frustration.
Dean smiled, the one that Castiel loved, the one that he rarely gave but lit up his entire face. It was like the sun coming out after a violent storm when you thought the oppressive darkness would swallow you up and you would never see the light of day again.
“I know, it’s just, hard to talk. You’re already distressed over me.”
Castiel groaned and rubbed at his face. “Darn it.”
Dean dropped the phone and stamps on it. Spreads his wings and flies.
“This is amazing commander. Thank you, I need to tell Astra. Dean, thank you.” Joe rushed off towards an angel with bright blue hair.
“No, honey your angel needs to sign off on the doctors’ orders, I will ring. Charlie go sit him down before he falls. Grab him some water on the way out.”
Dean stopped crying. ‘
“Commander, the human, is here.”
“That everybody is equal?” enquiries Dean.
At this moment I will leave this to rest, but there is so much more of this story to tell.
Warning: Mind games, Phycological manipulation.
Sad that I can't watch Doc Who tonight because of my phobia of spiders ahahaha
Dean turned around and dropped the blade. It went with a clatter onto the road. And he falls into Castiel’s arms.
Dean stared at the blue-eyed angel. No reprimand, no telling him to stick to the schedule, no asking him if he was okay. Can I go now, sir?” Dean asked, knowing this angel did not want him. What was the point in following any orders? No one cared about him, and no one ever would.
“You going to be okay? I hate to leave you, and you get into trouble.” Garth says in apprehension for the young omega.
They came across Anna, and Charlie grabbed her tight, holding onto her. They left her to reunite and help everybody get to the surface. Deans yellow ray was spreading to all the angels he touched. Hell appeared remodelled, no longer a place of torture, hate and fear. Dean bumped into Raphael. It was the first time meeting her, and he bowed in respect.
The angels tell John what they think of the abuse of Dean, and Castiel has a little word.
“Castiel and Dean, you are surrounded by your family and friends today, who are all joined to celebrate the joy of your shared bond. Let this be a statement to the stars, the very essence of your conception, that it will join you for all eternity. It will bring peace, love and hope not just to yourselves but to the world around you.”
“That’s true, and that many angels in Hell; not sure it would be a perfect thing. That much fire too many feathers.” Harry denoted seriously.
“I’m not leaving you, Cas.” Dean hissed through his teeth.
Castiel calmed down and flew to his nest, it needed cleaning, he could achieve it with his grace, but he brought human cleaning supplies. Starting from the top, he washed, shined, polished every inch of the cabin. This home must be ready for his Dean, his mate when he returned.
“That will anger Castiel. Yes, Harry, but we both need to report to Tula. We don’t want Dean to be in any danger. Dean, we need Cam in the picture, you took him into the nest today?”
“You were here though when I arrived.” Dean frowned.
“I think I heard your uncle call.” Castiel stood up and speedily left the room. ‘
"So, the stone would be there failsafe. We get to that stone we can stop the war." Smirks Lucifer who was getting the bigger picture now.
Breastplates:
“Your one to talk,” mumbled Adam.
Dean put his leather bracelet on his wrist and got his passkey. He ambled to the elevator and descended to the ground floor. Everyone was sitting on the chairs getting ready for the ceremony. Dean moved to stand next to Castiel’s chair and waited for the elders to come into the room.
Midnight arrived, and they shut the screen off, so they entertained themselves by telling ghost stories, finding some flashlights and running in and out of the passageways, both boys’ and girls’ dorms making noises, and giggling like little children.
They spoke to everyone that was there. People had brought them gifts, and Charlie was handling the table. It was customary to get a nest gift and a gift of money for any future fledgelings they may have. There were slips of paper in many bright colours, next to a pot of black pens. In case, a guest wanted to bestow helpful advice on the happy couple.
Dean snorts. “His mom was an angel, so the sensors detected that, not his demon side. He grabbed a pass and found Joel and Raziel, who thought he was a kindred spirit. No one asked questions.”
Everyone stepped closer and placed their hands on the couple. Those behind touched a part of the other. It did not matter that they did not reach the bonded couple themselves; it was the joining in that count. They were all a part of the ceremony, and that’s what mattered the most.
“When Chucks ready, we will. Dad, he accomplishes things in his own time.”
Saturday came frostily. Dean glimpsed out of the window at seven o’clock that morning. Making patterns with his breath on the screen window, he wished he could leave for a run. Trusted angels were a little thin on the ground, and he knew with certainty that Castiel would not let him out of his sight.
“I love you, Mertha, thank you.”
“Dean, sorry. Everyone’s concerned about you.”
“Alastair went rogue as you fully appreciate; when you encountered him. He wanted to be the next King of Hell. But you dealt with him. Lucifer was not best pleased, that he had turned on him this way.”
“Castiel gets anxious, possessive of me. More so because I ran from him twice. How can he trust me? I believe he’s not settled in his position like Michael. I wish there were a way I could reassure him. I love him so very much.” Dean sighed, fiddling with the tie again.
Kate and Charlie squealed. “Because there is.” They both shouted, looking down at their feet, only to see long thick tentacles withering around their legs.
Much love x
“I get what you mean. Michaels secure knowing that no one will approach you. Though I guess if a human tried it on, he will burst a seam.”
“W-what’s going on? Mertha, are you okay?” hissed Dean, his heart jumping out of his chest.
“Cas this is brilliant.” Dean chattered in excitement. “So, what’s this job with Gabriel?”
“He left you to fend for yourself?” It horrified Francis at the suggestion.
Tears cascaded down Dean’s face he never knew his older lover could be so eloquent with words. “Cas,” he whispered, voicing everything he felt with just his angel’s name.
“I put my clothes in there. A hoodie and coat in case it’s cold, and don’t want to be seen. We would be in trouble; well, more so now we have dicks on our trail.”
“Yes, brother.”
“Well, he will not be a little bitch like his brother.” laughed John shaking his head.
“So, just me and you, Joe, maybe we will find Astra?” Dean concluded.
“Why do I have to dress up like this anyhow?”
“It’s Saturday, Mikey is not here, and I’m bored.” shrugged Gabriel.
“No, I can’t, no one should die alone.” cried Dean, now sobbing openly.
“I will thank you.” Dean waved at his friends who had been helping all day.
Sam and Castiel had gone in search of a ring. The angel wanted something that was unique, but he could buy that day. Castiel searched for a good two hours then he spotted it knowing it was perfect for his Dean. The Le Chéile faith ring also had an inscription from the ancient Ogham alphabet. The meaning translated to angel mine. The ring split into two bands of colour, one white gold the other solid yellow gold.
Anna clapped her hands. “We wanted to talk. I know Charlie’s been sad, not been herself. Since we moved elsewhere.”
“Sure, I can do that.”
“We have your back commander.” Gzrel chanted, with her angel blade held high in the air. The others followed her example, and they bowed their heads in respect.
Pam and Mertha gasped. Gabriel and Castiel ran for the elevators. They reached Amber’s desk. “Signal level one. I want my garrisons down here ASAP. I demand this building on shut down. Gabriel call in all the archangels and the elders.”
“I know. So, does Michael and the only thing he brought me was that book? I don’t like the content of the book, but I treasure it.”
“Okay, I will do.” nods Dean.
“Cassie we will protect him,” Gabriel responded with equal determination in his voice.
“I-I just want to see him; I have rights you no.” John tried to shift the chains, but it was no good Castiel trapped him.
“Please join us for a feast, to celebrate our brother’s life.” the archangel left, and everybody bowed in respect.
Dean blushed, his freckles standing out, dipping his head in embarrassment. “You Sapp.”
“You’re wrong, Dean,” Michael told the omega. “You deserve all the happiness, that life brings you.”
“Gross.” Joe moaned but kept spearing the beast.
The angel glanced up at her brother with narrowed, suspicious eyes. “Not especially Gabriel. Few humans are arriving.”
“Dean, listen to me.” Uriel conveyed in a calm voice, grasping the boy’s hand. “You and Castiel deserve happiness. I’m just an old angel with no heart. I have missed my chance, with a mate. I was a stupid fool.”
“Any good?”
“I don’t get it.” tears fell from her diamond gaze.
“You may kiss your bonded mate,” Michael told the two lovers.
“You don’t even wish for a human mate, Castiel, so why bother?”
Harry steps forward with worry etched on his face, but Dean shakes his head in warning.
“Would not miss it for the world. About time this boy got some happiness. Now let me go check on dinner.”
Castiel nods, slipping into his native tongue.
“Yes, we can. You need to pack your things and then move out of the agency; then we will visit them. I also want to talk to your uncle. I think it’s time Sam has some sought of angelic protection, someone to teach and guide him.”
“You are my mate you’re allowed, Dean. I forget you can feel me. I’m a little nervous. There is something I would like to show you.”
At supper time Dean goes back downstairs, and Adam, Charlie, and Joe wait for him. They are a little wary, but he smiles, reassuringly putting them at ease.
“Is this all Dean?”
Castiel turned fully now and dragged Dean into him. “I think we were always going to win. You are too good, to amazing, to righteous for it to end any other way.”
“Pie and grovelling. Oh, I have a better idea.” Charlie’s eyes go bright with a devious plan.
“Oh, Dean, I’m sorry, come, let’s get you out of this place.”
“What message Uriel?” Samandriel asked looking confused.
Adam glanced at Joe and nodded. “We can finish this brother.” Joe held out his fist, and Adam bumped it.
“This is my life, you’re my mate, and you will become used to it.” Castiel, known for his patience, was wearing thin with Dean tonight.
“My uncle taught me the language of the angels. I constantly thought that was strange. He said he had the feeling I would need it.” Dean mused out loud.
“I agree; I don’t want him to come into his powers as I did.” Dean grimaced at the mere thought of his baby brother going through that.
“Nice to meet you, dude. So, Charlie tells me you take an Enochian class. They’re kicking my ass to take something on a Tuesday and Thursday morning.”
Warning: Brief mention of Hitler.
“Well, I can find out for certain. You need answers son; I can get them.”
“So, how did Zad get into the agency because I would love to know?” Charlie’s green eyes sparkled with all the gossip she was receiving.
That night Dean clung to Castiel like a limpet. Told him repeatedly that he loved him, that he was his everything. Hoping the angel would remember the words in the harsh light of the new day.
“Pleased to meet you, Dean my names Hannah I’m a Thrones angel. I need you to come with me to test your health,” Hannah holds out her hand, and Dean looks wondering if he should accept it.
“Let us go back the way you came. I don’t want to go the way; it was trying to take me.” Castiel shuddered at the mere thought.
Raucous yells went up and down the plains of Heaven, and they all marched forward into Hell.
“I will make matters worse, brother.”
“What! You can’t he’s the King of hell.” hissed Adam, stepping back a little in shock.
Dean moaned and rolled over to his back. The mud felt cold and wet. Knew he would need another shower and a change of clothes.
“And I love you Castiel.”
“Yes, of course. I have to teach you our ways.” Charlie chuckled, and Anna rolls her eyes.
Castiel strokes Dean’s arm, tenderly.
Dean’s feeling much stronger in himself. The omega had not realised how fatigued he was and how his skin itched before the angels healed him.
“So, you realised that he was the angel they spoke about?”
Zad let Dean go and smirked at the boy. “Sorry to jump on you like that, but I knew no other way to stop you. We need to talk.”
I hope you enjoy this. In pain but this keeps my mind busy.
“Hush, I will take care of you.”
Marcus and Isaac looked at each other and the carnage of the cavern.“The one mam taught us Mar.” Isaacs Irish lilt broke through his anxiousness.
Cries of astonishment went up, and Castiel turned his gaze to the rocky roof. Heavy mist covered most of the bats, but the ones on the lower levels were crashing into each other. They slashed, bit and maimed, their kin. The swarm got faster and faster, flashes of red flared from their dripping eye sockets. Like a mini funnel cloud, the bats flew so fast to the naked eye no one could make out a discerning shape.
“Yep, not much, but this is me?”
“Cum for me, Dean now.” Castiel orders.
“Yeah, the poor kid had no one. Beaten, starved, neglected. No love, no one to care for him. The worst case I’ve known in a long century.”
“Janey and I are on flower duty,” Anna told them and Janey who sat at her desk agreed.
“Eat as much as you can. I will be watching.”
Joe knocked on Dean’s door and tried the door handle. The door was open, and he went in. Rubbing the bloody sigil of the wall. The angels piled into the room. Pam and Gabriel had joined the other two angels.
Things are going to get a little bumpy for a while. xxx
“I need to know if you like Star Wars or Star Trek and Harry Potter for starters.” the redhead points out.
Charlie and Anna got Dean the Harry Potter book collection. Adam and Michael had got him a selection of Marvel comic books and a Tatty teddy bear. Dean stroked the bear reverently. He may be seventeen today, but he never had a furry friend before.
Checking his list again, Dean notices he has therapy on Monday, Wednesday and Friday’s. He had no school on these days. He had a class on Tuesday and Thursday of his choosing. Still, on a light diet and healing from Pam on a Saturday or a check-up. The rest was free time. His bedtime started at nine, but he was not sticking to that. Would venture up when he wished to. No one would check up on him, anyway.
“I never thanked you for looking out for me.” Castiel squeezed Gabriel’s hand. “You taught me so much, brother. I would not be what I am without you.”
“Dean sweetie?” questioned Hannah, studying the child with sadness in her brown eyes. “What’s wrong?”
“No, son.” the old man looked sad with the suggestion.
Thank you to my friends in Frans writing group who helped me with the area information on Arizona.
“Do I have to do everything myself?” Rook shouted at the three demons.
“You touch me again, angel, and I will blow you up.” Dean’s eyes flashed and he could feel them. Castiel took one step back, and Dean shook his head. Good, it scared him no one would hurt him anymore.
Thanks for your comments and support...
“Dean helped Mertha in the kitchen, and a few individuals noticed him at the onset of the feast, but everything’s fuzzy.”
“I met a Werewolf when I ran away named Garth; a wolf had bitten him. He was nice to me.”
Dean just glowered at the four creatures kept his back to the wall, trying to keep his breathing calm.
“Nope, I kid you not. I think Gabriel’s acting on that, making it safer for us. Raz says there’s a way to get around everything in life. Like a loophole. I guess that comes from having a dad as a KOH.”
The redhead nodded and bounced off to the second level.
“Dean, its fine, I will always love you never forget.” rasped the angel bravely in front of his adversary.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother’s antics. “Come, love lets mingle and then get you some food.”
After breakfast Dean went back to his room. He put black dress pants on and a white shirt. Pulling over his head the robe that was black velvet. The background depicted stars in the night sky, each sawed with small silver beads. There were constellations and galaxies in the material. They caught the light and shimmered, giving the illusion that they were moving. Castiel had given him a chain to wear, it was a gold star, and he proudly wore it. Dean placed his black cloth cap on his head with a bronze tassel, denoting Castiel’s rank.
“One.” coughed Castiel, smirking at the other angel.
Enochian:
The choir walked away, and Michael stepped to the podium.
Crowley’s eyes flashed red, the only emotion he showed that he was angry at the news.
“M-my, I’m scared, Hannah.” whimpered Dean.
“Son, nice to see you again.” sneered the older man, eyeing Dean up and down.
“Castiel, I think Dean would love to see you in your uniform. I observed how he looked at you at graduation.” Charlie giggled, and that set the rest of the girls off again.
“I brought food for you, hide it under your jumper when you leave,” Adam whispers.
Castiel turned to Hannah. “I have a feeling we will see them again.”
It shocked Dean that Adam had spoken with Michael after the issues they had.
“Oh, that’s amazing.” Dean smiled widely at the boy, trying not to roll his eyes.
The trumpets sound and Castiel and the troops fly to Heaven's plains. Castiel is command leader and gets his troops sorted into teams. Charlie tells his friends about the Hell gates to pass the time while they wait for the order to descend into Hell.
“Hey, guys.” Adam bounded over to his friends. “Happy birthday, Dean.” Adam shoved a brightly wrapped present under Deans’ nose.
‘Stupid angel, thinking I would hate it.’ thought Dean, mentally scolding his mate. “Well, are you going to show me inside?” Dean quizzed the angel.
Everyone in the room stopped, but from the expression on Castiel’s face, it was not the best news.
Dean sits listening to music, calming his mind. Maybe he had been a little harsh on them both. The look on Castiel’s face still was priceless.
Dean puts his arms up, and Castiel takes the tee-shirt off and throws it to the floor. His wings bend somewhat, to skim his lover’s skin — miles of tan, blemishes, and muscles that are turning hard. His boy will grow further in the years to come, and he can’t wait.
“Sam, no one will hurt your brother, they would not live to accomplish the task,” Castiel growled out.
“What! No.” shouted Dean, spreading his wings and diving, but the snow was falling faster, and his body could not take the sudden downward motion. Dean was hovering over the crater one minute and dropping the next.
“Now what shall I do with these two?” Mertha questioned the archangel.
“If you don’t repair this, it will grow worse, Cassie, please brother,”
“I’m sixteen,” Dean explained.
Adam slapped his hand aside. “Come on, or we will be late.”
Everyone cheered and got on with their appointed jobs.
(See the end of the chapter for
You can detect I can't do text talk, I can barely use my phone haha
“You best eat, or Mertha will get Pam.”
XxXxXxX
“It's unique, just like he is. Thank you for your help. Let’s find us suits to wear.”
“Dean let’s put this on okay don’t worry, you will not leave this building with that man that’s a promise.” Hannah was trying not to raise her voice, not wishing to scare Dean.
“A little,” Dean answered truthfully.
Dean smiled and put the ring on the table, knowing he would not forget it. He set his phone for six, needing a shower. It would take him time to get ready. It was not only important to him but for his angel. Dean knew he could not let him down this time. He wanted to show what he had learnt and put it into practice.
They could discover no defined body, but the creature’s long appendages. The slithering creature tried to grab on to their arms and legs, trying to render them immobile. The angels were struggling in vain to hack them off. The monster was here and there, and it corralled them into the centre of the cave.
“Hey Crowley, how are you doing?”
The omega could observe the house, balancing on the edge of the lake. The omegas ran to catch up to their angels playing a game of tag. Then Dean halted, his breath taken from him. Looking down the short stone driveway, there sat a black car. The gleaming chrome shimmering in the sunlight.
“Dad dropped me off at the Angel Agency, Sammy. You get what that is, right? I will have to live with my mate.”
“There were other Gods and Goddess in the world, and we all got on not bothered by the other. I had created the world, and they saw me as the Supreme Being. That’s why you find in so many cultures, all over the world, the same ethos, love, family, life. Many humans twisted this, to instigate wars, in the name of religion, killed in the title, sprouted hatred in the name. Love in the purest form, no matter what your sexual orientation. We gave our blessing to all our children. Then people became angry, greedy, and hateful. So, I established a reset button in every generation, one angel one human. Look out your window, and you will notice now. Famine, petulance, war, and greed wreck and ravage the world. But love is still battling to raise its weary head. Though this time the Fates won’t let me have the restart I want.”
“I hit a nerve.” John chuckled again, flicking the blade through his fingers. “This is going to hurt you, boy. Just like your momma. I can still kill a human with it.”
“I’m omega, and it would get you what you need, a good college, clothes, food.”
“Yes, they are. We need to protect both. That’s been my job since Castiel was a fledgeling. Now Michael’s just got back; Dean is safe. The only issue we have now is that we took the one thing away that can trace him.”
Dean slipped from his angels’ fingers and rushed over and hugged his friends. The angels watched on, enjoying the fact they brought hope, joy and contentment to their mates.
Dean can’t hear him because he keeps mumbling the Latin. Smoke comes out of the creature’s mouth. The older angel watch’s and grabs the body. She’s still alive, and he’s never seen an exorcism that leaves the possessed person alive before. Castiel calls for his sister to take care of this wretched woman and get her to a hospital so he can help his mate.
“Do you have a mate, Lucifer?” Dean questioned the archangel.
Bobby came out and stood next to him and shot a round of salt into the demons. “Don’t just stand there talking princess, get them dead.”
“Yes, so let him down. Go to your mate.” Gabriel told his brother.
People around them stopped talking and glanced at the pair. Dean rolled his eyes, switching to the angel’s native tongue.
“Nothing that I can think of at this time, Cas. Now, are we ready to leave?”
.’ And Castiel gave chase.
“I love you, Charlie.” Dean got up and hugged her.
Doc Who was awesome tonight :-)
Dean responded, and his small wings vanished. Castiel gathered his omega in his arms and flew back to the top. A man was waiting for them. He was around five feet six inches with curly brown hair and bread. He wore a white dress shirt and a navy-blue jacket with brown leather elbow patches. He had on blue jeans and brown loafers.
There came a steady beeping noise that disturbed his slumber. Groaning, Dean searched around and realised it was the alarm clock. The numbers were stating it was precisely seven in the morning. Slapping the alarm, he slipped back under the covers. The alarm rang out repeatedly, moaning he got up and whacked it with his hand. Jumping out of his warm cocoon, yawning. Walking to the bathroom to pee and then deciding on a shower.
XxXxXx
“I don’t need any. Why don’t you buzz off?” Dean sighed, knowing something was going to happen. His heart rate increased, and he felt somewhat dizzy.
he mumbled to himself. The room was modest but in an oblong shape. Turning around, he saw in one corner a mirror, with half a white sheet covering it. How he’d not spotted it before he had no clue, but then he was lying on the floor unconscious.
Castiel’s wings snapped back at the delectable little sounds that his boy was making; it spurred him on. The smacking of lips penetrated the tranquillity of the nest. Dean moved his hands to the top of his angel’s chest. Castiel’s hands sought the omega’s face, rubbing his thumbs across his jaw in a soothing motion. Castiel kissed, taking the lead; Dean pushed closer, wanting to be one with his angel.
“Dean, are you well?” Kedi enquired, looking troubled.
“Your mate’s a pretty powerful angel.”
Dean unpacked his clothes and put them away; he placed his computer and a few items on the shelves. A picture of him, Adam and Charlie at last year’s graduation. A glass angel figurine and a picture of him and his mom when he was a baby.
Mr Rogers, the old man’s next-door neighbour, had further work for him the next weekend, so Dean was pleased. His body throbbed with all the jobs done that day. The senior man insisted on giving him $20 for his trouble, but he felt wrong taking it. When he got back, he grabbed a shower and went into the shrine of charity. Dean left the $20, knowing good would come from it. Coming back up, he rolled his eyes and saw Joel, Raz, his tormentors.
The omegas that had joined the war had their uniform. A grey tunic and an orange breastplate, so they would be recognised, in the garrisons. Castiel was pleased that, his friends and mate were getting preferential treatment. Though if Dean found out his thoughts he would get his ass kicked.
“I need to call Castiel down for this Dean, he won’t be pleased with your behaviour,” Michael shouts furiously.
Paul chuckled. “I can hear. Well, I best get on with my work. Stay here until Aggie gets back.”
“Oh, you’re with commander Castiel. Then yes, we’re on the same floor. I have a larger room being with archangel Michael.” the boy smiled thinking he was something special.
“Their blood will mix, and they will be one.”
“Here you go, son.” Paul placed a generous mug of hot chocolate and a plate of chocolate cookies next to him.
“Anything love?”
Dean stepped out on to the veranda and smelt the fresh pine. The colours of the other trees in the forest were turning reds, oranges and yellows, making the woods look like they were on fire. It was breathtakingly beautiful. Up here you could see the lake not far off in the distance. Dean hoped he and his friends could visit once the better weather was upon them.
“This way to the food hall, you can choose what you want unless your angel or doctor says otherwise,” Charlie confided to Dean.
“Not too bad at them,” replies Dean.
Castiel’s blue eyes twinkled, and he smirked at the two boys who stared back at him with bewildered faces. Joe jumped up and raised his fist in the air, making two girls behind him jump. Dean nearly fell off his chair, and Castiel had to catch him.
Dean nodded, snuggling up in the arms of his angel, and watched the stories unfold.
Everyone stood up and echoed Michael’s words. “They will be one.”
Pam looked over at the young boy laying on the bed. “He’s special alright, Hannah. I will get the test done right away. I will carry out the full works. That will take longer you need to take that off his price.”
Castiel laid Dean gently on the enormous bed as his hungry eyes raked over the boy’s body. Pulling off his tee-shirt, flinging it elsewhere on the floor.
“Dean, will you share in Castiel’s burdens so that your spirits may grow in this bond?”
“You’re most welcome to come with us, sir,” Cam told the older human.
The sun-drenched bathroom held a shower, lavatory, and sink. It was white, with sea-green tiles. Simple but effective. Taking his sweaty clothes off, Dean stepped into the shower, the warm water soothing his sore muscles. Not having unduly long drying himself, then getting dressed. Wanting to get in contact with his angel.
Dean put his arm on the other boys. “If Cas were here, I would tell him. Talk to him; this shit’s not fair on you.”
“Weapons training? I never had that.” Adam told his friend.
The after-party was fun, laughter, food and avoidance. Dean had to stand by Castiel’s side, but he stayed away from him. He watched how enchanted Anna was with Charlie and how tender Michael became with Adam.
“Mmm being with you Dean is like jumping into the dark, with faith behind me. Yes, my little omega, I am ready.”
“Sorry! Sorry, will not cut it this time, Dean. How dare you start this? Yes, I know it was you. Right from the start, I noticed you were trouble. I will inform the commander about you.”
The doors hissed open, and the driver tried to stand up, but he could not move.
Anna, Mertha, and Gabriel ran toward Castiel. “No, we had no clue he had harmed himself. It should not have happened this way,” shouted Anna, who was sobbing into Gabriel’s shoulder.
The angel fished around in her apron and came out with a neatly wrapped box and handed it to Dean.
“Anything,” Dean whispered, tears mingled with the rain.
Charlie groaned and closed her eyes. “That’s Camael he’s a cherubim, Dean. You know, one below Castiel’s rank. Anna informed me. I can’t give too much away.”
“Yeah, I would say so. Sorry, Dean had no clue.”
thought Dean bemused about all the fuss.
The water was waiting at the hatch, and Dean waved at Mertha, as she was busy. Looking at his wristwatch, it was half eight. He knew little about his angel, but he would check to find out if he had gone to bed on time. Finding the library with ease, the language over the door read in English and Welsh. Dean guessed Ireland and Scotland had similar operations. The words were likewise in Enochian; he craved to learn the language of the angel’s a little more. Uncle Bobby had taught him, and he knew some but wanted to study at a higher level.
“You’re so courageous, Dean.” Charlie grinned at her best friend.
Castiel’s eyes were a luminous red. Deans’ eyes would not answer him until he had his first heat, but that did not matter to the angel. He was going to mark him, so everybody knew on God’s green earth and in the Heavens above that this wondrous creature was all his and his alone.
“Anything until Pam can get up there.”
“Daft angel. We have to chat about everything that’s happened. Why did I go into heat Anna? I have never heard that happening before?”
“No,” shouted Castiel, “No, one touches my mate, or they answer to me.” Castiel’s eyes were aflame with fury. His angel blade slipping out of his forearm, called forth by his rage.
Castiel was glad for the larger garrison as they entered human Hell. The cries and screams of the damned cried out in abhorrent horror. Their deep-rooted sorrow filled the angels and omegas heads, with forlorn pictures of the damned souls. This part of hell was hot; flames shimmered on the cave walls, sweat dripped off them in pools. Castiel made certain the omegas drank enough, not wanting them to grow dehydrated.
“Your half-angel sweet cheeks. Your mom was an angel; the Campbell’s are an old name in the angel world.” The doctor explained.
“Tell me what’s wrong, brother,” Gabriel whispered.
“Dean its just a physician’s appointment.”
“Come, young man, we need to talk.”
Castiel takes Dean to there nest and worries what he will think about it. Dean gets upset when Castiel as the talk with him about the rules he has to adhere to.
“That’s fair, I hate to say it, but they brought this on themselves. What about Hael, Jace and Uriel any news on that?”
The lights went out, and nothing remained of the creature but a wet puddle on the floor and a lump of burnt-out coal. Castiel crushed it with his boot. He walked over to Charlie and tapped her on the shoulder, making her jump three feet high.
Dean squinted at Castiel, who seemed to find a magazine on car parts fascinating.“So, angel, when were you going to tell me this?” smirked Dean, remembering what Cas had said about staying on his right side.
“Hush, Dean calm you’re breathing it's getting erratic. Why would I be mad? What is this about?” Castiel questioned softly.
“You will get him back. Commander, I have faith.”
The omega knew in an instant what they all needed to do. Even if it was a minor respite from battling the beast. “Guys, you all need to get on your knees,” yelled Dean to his garrison.
Dean stood at the entrance of the garden, tears swelling in his jade green eyes. Bobby took his arm, and Adam whispered in his ear. “You can show him now, my friend.”
“Sing love save them.” Ophaniel quaked affected by his brother and sisters, battered bodies and the relentless surge of the bats.
Dean looks at the girl and feels bad for her. “I had a lousy day, sorry, not eaten in two days and feel-” He peers down, not positive what else to say.
John snorted, hugging his body to ward off the cold. The rain was getting heavier as it was bouncing off the road. There was a flash of light, and a crash of thunder and John flinched, but Dean just smiled.
“No, at least you have money, to travel. Get a ticket, buy your food. A place to sleep. Keep it.”
“What did you see?” Dean asked them.
“He can do, but not like the commander. Who would mess with an archangel’s mate, anyway? I don’t mean disrespect to Castiel.”
Castiel grasped Dean’s neck and pulled his lip between his teeth. A spark ignited when their tongues meet for the first time, caressing, exploring both their tongues dance together to an unheard melody. Heat flows through both angels, their hands finding each other becoming entwined.
“Who would put that much into your bank account, Dean? You had nine hundred dollars until a year ago, now you have three thousand.”
“Your friend was part human, Dean. He still possessed free will, like most monsters. There are vampires I know that won’t feed off humans. The wolf that bit Garth he did that, knowing what the consequences would be.” Crowley explained to Dean.
“I agree with you, boy; he needs someone to help him. I ain’t no good to the boy. My books tell about angels, but hands-on would be so much better,”
“Hey, my name’s Kevin. I gather you’re having issues with specific people?”
“Transylvania three.” Adam smiled.
Dean feels irritated after all that’s happened. They talk about that little snitch, Adam. Castiel’s not asked once about him. So, Dean tells them everything. Though he’s not even bothered about his disobedience.
Castiel crossed his arms and pouted, “Still don’t understand why I’m the bad guy.”
“You’re welcome, Dean.”
“I-I was travelling into the next cave system. How was I to know this would happen?” Dean stammers and shakes disturbed at what he’s witnessing.
“Dean, what’s wrong? Tell me.” Pleaded Charlie, not liking her friend so sad.
“You were all meddling in this?” Castiel turned around and shouted at his siblings. Pulling his ring off, throwing it on the floor. “I want nothing more to do with him or you.” The sound of wing beats was the only noise in the room.
Castiel takes the letter and reads it. Expecting a reprimand or punishment from the way he’s guarding himself. The feel of shame and regret hums through Deans veins. No, this will never do.
“I would never get the money, Dee, and you know it.”
“We have been told to keep you entertained, but we will show you the truth. Your friends and mate do not want you. They have left you down here to rot.” the laugh that echoed the chamber made Dean shiver, a chill racing up his spine.
“Uncle Bobby, no,” shouted Dean in terror. Pale face was still smoking, but Dean leapt off the stoop and pulled his uncle back to safety, making sure the salt ring was intact. Grabbing the hilt of the knife, he made a run for it and pushed the blade into the smoking demon. With a high-pitched scream, the demon lit up and fell back onto the dusty ground.
“Anna will lose it when she sees you.”
Missouri hugged him and smiled, “You look after yourself now, Dean.”
“That’s a genuine mystery then.” hummed Charlie with a faraway glint in her eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, thanks for that Sammy, I guess that’s why Cas was avoiding telling me. He fears me.”
When it was lunchtime, they sat in one of the park’s restaurants. “I’ve not had a burger in ages,” commented Dean when they were sitting down.
Archangel. Silver
“Buddy, Uriel was unhappy down here, he’s in a place where he will be content now. His sacrifice will not go unnoticed. He would want you to carry on with your life.” Gabriel told his friend.
“I will, Hannah,” Castiel spoke in a gruff, determined voice.
“One day your eyes will roll out of your sockets doing that,” commented Zad.
“Hey, I’m sorry to disturb you, I’m Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hannah came back sometime later. “Jody’s here. I was correct he’s in line for a Seraphim first class. We conducted research Deans mom was a Campbell.” She declared it all in English, so Dean would understand.
“So, you’re saying the scales have tipped to evil?” Gzrel murmured, looking astounded.
(See the end of the chapter for
It broke Castiel’s heart to deliver those words, but he had to punish Dean. How could he stop the behaviour otherwise? Then he saw Dean’s face, and he knew he had made an awful mistake. Then his mate was running away from him. He called out to his boy desperately.
“You’re still wary of me Dean. Why is this?” Lucifer probed the omega gently.
“I’m burning up, on fire Cas please,” Dean screams.
“Okay, sweetie, let me get Charlie she will show you around. She’s been here for a while and volunteers for us.” Jace told Dean.
“That’s okay, Gabriel.” Dean nods in understanding.
“Bobby, thank you, for this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Um. I had scraps, the other day and some water from the sink at night.”
“Only we will know the angel sigils, omega, do not fret,” Boel told the redhead.
“Look, it’s a lake,” Adam shouted out in excitement.
The angel clicked his tongue but smiled, running fingers through Dean’s fine brown hair. “Such impatience, but that’s a detail that will occur in time, to wait for all good things.”
“Let’s say goodbye and thank you to Anna and Charlie. Then I will take us back home.”
“True, but it’s nice that you’ve re-connected.”
Dean let anybody else off first and snaked his way to the front of the bus. The driver stood up, blocking his exit. A sense of dread slid down his spine, and he clutched his bag.
“Sometimes it’s best not to ask where that demon is concerned.”
Dean narrowly escapes a murderous truck driver. And also a not so nice bus driver. In the end, he finds a nice hotel that could find his Uncle and baby brother for him.
“I’m not too sure why you give the bracelets, but it shows there is a tracker on Deans. The bad guys know where he is.”
They took Dean to the human’s quarters, by Hannah.
Dean can feel the oncoming storm. A blast from Deans not so distant past comes to there aid. With Sam out of harm's way, Bobby and Dean get ready for the fight. Dean is shocked when two unlikely beings come to his rescue.
The boys sneaked into the kitchen and found hostess’ cakes, popcorn, pop tarts and candy. Joe found some cooking Sherry, but Dean declined, not liking the taste. The boys, loaded with forbidden goods, tiptoed into the cinema and watched film after film, throwing popcorn and candy at each other, Joe getting steadily tipsy. The others left because they could not concentrate on the movie with the noise the boys were making.
XxXxXxX
Castiel sat in the nest; he trotted up and down, clutching his fists tightly. Looking down at his finger where previously his precious ring sat. What was he doing giving up on Dean? His omega had injured himself, and he never treated him. His arms were red raw, yet he did not trust him to come for help. But that was wrong as Dean sought his help.
“I will inform Castiel, something further needs doing about them.”
Dean goes to see Castiel whos busy at work. The angel brings news. Mertha, however, has some bad news for Dean and he has no clue how to deal with it.
“Father, love, it’s so good to see you. How did you become separated from your garrison?”
“Excellent, we have flight clearance so hold tight to me, and we can get out of here,” Dean held onto his angel, and that feeling of weightlessness ascended on him, and they arrived at the nest. Dean looked around and spotted the other two cabins nearby. Glad that his family would be close, but not on top of them.
“Are you crazy?” shouted Felice, slashing her sword and lopping a tentacle clean in half. It covered the angel from head to foot in a foul-smelling, violet gloop.
Going up to his Tuesday lessons, he went to Gabriel’s room. There was a heated argument in Enochian coming from the classroom, standing outside, not positive what he should do.
“Wow, dude, you look great,” Dean exclaimed.
The other demons try to assault him, but the angels have grabbed them. Castiel walks up to Dean and tries to communicate with him.
“Dean, before you start this came for you.” Castiel handed Dean a white envelope. “Open it, love.”
“We have taken ion for his punishment, along with Hael and Jace. I thought you worked alongside them brother?”
. Then it was a free period, lunch, then Myth and Legend. The class was with a dotty angel called Francis, who was funny but knew their subject, and the omega wished the class was lengthier than an hour.
“Dean, you fight well.” laughed Rook manically. “You’re no match for me, though.”
“I will.” Dean croaked, clearly affected by what had just happened.
“You need to perform your magic Hannah we have sufficient evidence to arrest Winchester. I will call Donna to pick up Sam get him to the hospital for checks. Donna could call the boys Grandma Deanna Campbell. Dean will be under the care of the angels; he will be okay.”
Castiel’s eyes flew wide, and he visibly swallowed, not wanting a pissed off omega on his hands. Grabbing Dean and pulling him along. “I want to show you, what I did, but you can change it, let me know?”
“It will be fine Dean I have faith.” Urial lay on the flat road surface, Dean buried his head into his shoulder.
Castiel rubbed his face and let out a resounding sigh. “Yes. But why must I keep away from my mate? He calls for me. I feel his anguish at losing his friends and his resentment towards me. I crave to wrap him in my arms and tell him it will be okay.”
“Look after my baby brother for me?” Uriel squeezed his hand tightly.
The two angels kept low and grabbed the omegas. With their garrison at their backs, the two angels got the two injured humans out of the present cave system; unmolested by the beast.
“Get them, you idiots,” shouted Alastair Rook at his minions.
“Tea would be nice; I rather like the tea here on earth.”
Gabriel puffed out his chest. “Leave it up to me, sister. I know what Dean and Cassie like.”
“Commander, do you need more of our battalion?” came the shocked voice of Anak, his eyes wide with shock at the sudden appearance of the battalion leader.
“Yeah, I see that.” sighs Dean.
“Yes, he will be ready than Charlie. You have made good friends their Dean,” Pam tells the omega.
“Sure anything.” The omega reassured her friend.
“What would you like to do?” asked the angel, tilting his head to the side.
Castiel shook his head; red dots danced in his vision. Turning to the boys, his battle hard eyes grew soft. Extending his arm out, he sought permission from the twins, who inclined their heads in gentle agreement. The commander squeezed the boy’s shoulders and thanked them for saving them. The angel knew it could be a lot worse without them. Glancing down at Eremiel, he swept sweaty strands of bronze hair out of his brother’s face.
“They’re not very sweet with the nigh…” Dean realised what he was going to say and shut his mouth with a click. Looking down, feeling ashamed.
“Yes, you can. Michael gives me an immense allowance. I won’t miss it. You have done enough for me, Dean, more than you realise. I need to know you’re safe. Please take it.” Pleaded the older boy.
Dean examined the portal and saw his mate lying in the grass on what looked like a mountainside. Surrounded by angels, and was that Charlie? Dean daring to tiptoe forward noticed a couple of incorrect details within the picture. Number one, they were in the middle of a war, and no way would his angel sit around laughing and joking amid a field. Two Castiel always wore his bee socks on such occasions and three Charlie had red hair, not brown. Dean knew instantly these creatures had no clue what his friends looked like.
Getting tools from the shed, he climbed the ladder again. This time the ladder wobbled, and it seemed to slip.
Castiel started crying, his shoulders shook. Knowing what he had lost and could never gain back. Dean could, however, feel the ache in his angel’s heart, feel the love radiating off him. Feel how scared and thoroughly shattered he was at losing him. Dean saw Castiel was fiddling with the ring he had given him. Still feeling out of sorts, like his limbs did not belong to him, his temperature increasing, his clothes sticking to him. He coughed, trying to ease his tight chest. Castiel dropped the ring, it bounced off rocks and skidded into a crack, and they could pick up a tiny sound as it fell the distance halfway down the hole.
Castiel turned to Dean and cupped his face into the palm of his large gentle hands worn from many battles, but soft like feathers from his mighty wings. “I have a feeling that they will thankfully receive your power in the field hospital, but first we need to reach the surface. The others have your light, you burn so brightly my love like I always knew you would.”
“Oh, yes, I can understand how that can be an issue. Have you brought news, Gabriel?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I agree, you never know where that man’s lurking. Did you ever find out who continues putting money into your bank account?”
“Well, I knew you would. Gabriel tells me you could teach his class.” beamed the angel proud of his mate.
Charlie’s arms crossed, and she narrowed her eyes. “Both of your alarms?”
Thanks for your love, encouragement and support.
“No idea, but it will come in handy, that’s for sure,” Dean told his friend.
“Then make me yours, alpha.”
Dean hissed with pain as the angel healed him. “Thanks, that feels better.”
Mates might not, but I will,” Dean said, pushing through the three boys. “You have no right to touch someone without their consent.” Dean glanced down and saw torn pages out of a tatty book on the floor. “What the hell! Did you rip books up now?”
“Dean, it’s okay, leave,” Adam said, taking care of the omega.
Dean’s hands wobbled, tears running down his face. “I’m fed up of crying over him. Fed up of people treating me like an adult. I just want to be a kid. I want to mess up. I want to be me. Why can’t I just be Dean?”
Gabriel saw the boys depart, making certain they were both safe. He received the message from his big brother, Gabriel started his search for the truth, and he knew he had one angel inside the agency, he could turn to for help.
The demon shimmered closer to Dean, coming to grab for him. One hand touched his shoulder. And this is where he made his grave error of judgement. Castiel and Gabriel appeared behind him, and Dean’s eyes went wide in shock. The omega forgot the angel blade he carried; he ignored the weapons’ training. His mind went blank.
“Yeah, I want to show him how I feel. Sometimes he stares at me when he assumes I’m not watching, and I worry. I love him Mertha.”
“Yeah, you could say that.” Dean sighs but grins at the older boy.
“Outstanding work, we will show them not to mess with angels.”
“Hurry Joel, someone’s coming.” piped up, Raz. The boys ran off, leaving Dean in the dirt.
Mertha took Dean and hugged him. “You are the chosen one, I know it, keep the faith.” the angel whispered into his ear.
Hannah helped the young Omega off with his clothes and saw why the poor boy was scared. Dean had several burn marks scattered on his skin. There was an enormous purple bruise on his hip. She peered down and spotted red lines in between his thighs. The poor child had been cutting himself.
Dean ambles down to the lower levels and into the coffee shop, to find his friends. Not seeing them, he orders orange juice and water. An Asian boy with black hair sits down next to him and smiles.
Dean eyed the rings, turning to his friend. “Do you think I can ask him? I’m not too young, am I?”
“Come.” He called in an irritable tone.
“Fuck, shit.” Dean hits the door with his fist.
Sam sidled up to him and grinned at his big brother. So very proud of him at that moment.
“I am God almighty, son, but there are rules. Dean was human and just presented omega. In his world, no one’s allowed to perform blood tests on an underage child unless like the agency for medical reasons. Until Pam took the blood analyses, I had no idea he was Nephilim. I had a feeling the fates knew and hid it from me. At every turn, they seem to outwit me. Dean still had to past the tests we had laid out, but I knew he was the one.”
Dean whistled when he saw all the banknotes. “There must be five hundred dollars here, Adam. I can’t take this.”
Dean chuckled, and Adam whooped. Castiel put his arms around all the omegas, and with a whoosh, they vanished.
Dean did not like this and their attitude but went with it anyhow, Adam pressed for floor five and then it asked for their key card. The other boy showed him how to do it, and the elevator moved. The doors opened, and he only saw two rooms.
One more to go. Oh, I'm kinda sad. But tired. I hope I did ok. Much love x
“And therefore you’re the Star Child,” smirked Chuck, calming the rage that flowed through the Nephilim’s veins. “You will fight for everyone. Even those who do not deserve a second chance.”
“Okay, I’m going.” Dean kissed her cheek. Laughter was ringing out, disturbing the quiet gardens.
“What is this?” Dean gasped, his eyes grew wide at the object in his hand.
Dean took a deep breath and took out the ring in his pocket, kneeling on one knee. “I have spoken to some members of your family. I wanted to do this for you today, and amalgamating of our cultures. So, commander of Gods, own army. Castiel Angel of Thursday. Will you marry me?” Dean flicked the box open, and everybody held their breath.
“Gabriel called, he said next time we intend to mate, maybe we should keep it down a little.”
“Tell me about it. Nephilim, not like I’m going to have heart trouble.”
The bats dived bomb the boys. The angels surrounded the omegas and chopped at the bats. The creatures gave out blood-curdling screams, redoubled their efforts to get at the boys. Their talons were gouging any flesh they could find. The animal’s red eyes like rubies, hypnotising those whose eyes lingered too long.
“Yes, and now the world knows how much I love you, baby boy.”
“I told Ion that John Winchester was a Necrophile, he needed to tell Castiel instantly.”
“Pretty much.” Charlie shrugged. “I just think someone just had a strange sense of humour.”
“You never wanted a human mate, though, did you?” Dean asks the angel looking into cornflower blue eyes.
Castiel smirked, going into stealth mode. He was a warrior after all, and his alpha relished this chase. Days ago, he thought he had lost his home for good. Dean was his everything. If the world ended tomorrow, he would continue to Heaven a happy angel, if he could share Dean’s Heaven, even better. Dean was half-human after all and would require one.
“Eat up, then get changed,” she ordered.
“Commander, doctor, how can I assist you?” Jace frowned, feeling slightly unsettled.
Dean audibly gasped, wings answering his mate’s call. He was feeling different. The omega turned and heard Castiel cry out in astonishment.
“There is no mention of him, that’s odd. Uriel refused to take a mate. No idea where he went. They dumped Joel and Raziel in the human world. After Hael paid them and finished their task of hurting Dean.”
XxXxXx
I researched songs, and I found this one. This is not Goodbye' by Sidewalk Prophets.
Dean prayed to him. “Sammy, can I look at this book?”
“I could ask you the same. You’re not human, that’s for sure.”
Castiel lifted the man higher of the grown. The angel’s other hand enveloped his neck, pressing tighter. John’s hands still chained to the floor, and the chain went taught. John gasped for breath, like a fish out of water.
Gabriel spoke up. “Well, at least we angels don’t need suits. Cassie wants to wear one, but he wants to be traditional for Dean’s sake.”
“Okay,” Charlie muttered, more to herself than Joe. Her green eyes seem to sparkle with recognition. Looking at the book, she thumbed through it, gears in her head-turning. “Joe, stand guard, I need to read this, but I have an idea about what’s going on.”
Sam sorted through the pile of books on his desk and brought a dusty old tomb out of the stack. Thumbing through it, he found the page marked about omega powers.
“We all had our first before we entered here. Once you’re here, you won’t have another until you leave the agency. I have no clue what they work out, to stop it.”
All music and poems belong to the people and bands mentioned in this fic. I do not own them.
Dean rubbed his head and sat down on the bed tiredly. “This is not about you, Sammy, it’s about me. They will use you to get at me. They get you and the games over. Don’t you get that?”
Castiel reached out his hand and pulled Deans arm. The young omega yelped in shock and giggled with glee when Castiel pulled him towards his muscular body. Deans breathing was coming in rapid pants. Smirking at his angel as he ran his fingers down malleable muscles. Castiel growled softly. It echoed like distant thunder, deadly but full of power.
“Not clear, that’s how it works.” Dean looked on with mixed feelings.
Paul continued to serve a couple that had just come into the room. Newly mated from the way they could not stop touching each other, Dean thought.
Leaning on his angel, humming softly under his breath, not to disturb his mate’s musings. Dean closed his eyes feeling it more than hearing it at first. Hairs on the back of his arms raised and a sudden chill ran through his body making him shiver. Castiel suddenly went stiff next to him, though he ignored this at first.
John just sat there screaming; they had won. His death would be for nothing.
They all stopped fighting and sunk to their knees. The beast slithered over them, its suckers making popping noises, but made no further attempt to harm them.
Harry stands, and Dean hugs him. People stand and stare. Harry try’s in vain to draw away, but the omega clings on.
Dean finds out a secret and runs away. Charlie and Anna help in there quest to find their new friend.
Orion-The Hunter.
“Dad.” gasped Castiel, not sure what say in this situation.
“It will turn out all right, baby brother, have faith. Now tell me the news from heaven…”
“No, Dean. We protect our mates at all costs. Any angel of any rank could kill to protect their mate. Father loved you humans, and he stated that we should take you for mates. If we did not encounter an angel mate.”
“We are studying surveillance. Taking statements.”
Chuck vanished, and Castiel closed his eyes. This time together. Then he needed to report to his garrison. Liaise with other garrison leaders: Train Dean and his brothers and sisters at the agency.
Dean laughed. “He can be. But he’s a big teddy bear underneath. You tell him that, and I will deny everything.”
“I’m on it, son; I have a friend in the city she’s going to take him. Drive him to her house miles away from here. No one will dare mess with her.”
“Cassie, he found his powers.”
Gabriel recruited Mertha after he told her the truth, and the cook wanted to help. Knowing that the commander and Dean had been a target made the angel’s blood boil. Kevin was in the human part of the agency today because there was an issue with the cameras. Mertha went to have a word with him. Gabriel knew Hael was not in today, so it was only Jace he needed to distract.
“You would allow that?” gasped Dean, staring at his mate in shock.
“That’s okay, can I sit down?” Dean’s limbs hurt if he was honest with himself.
“Why not?” exclaimed Sam, confused.
“I brought you and Bobby some candy, also pie from my friend Mertha.”
Castiel was not happy. Well, now, that was an outright lie: he was seething. His dad, the almighty knew about this. Chuck had put himself and his mate through this obstacle course of emotions. To find out if he was some saviour of the human and angelic race. Now, for some forsaken reason, poor Dean had gone into heat early. Was this another test? Did they expect he would hurt him? Then his family. His father did not appreciate what kind of angel he was.
Castiel backed up slightly. This creature was not his Dean. The angel gave it a once over, and there it was, invisible to the naked eye, in the creature's heart a lump of burning coal.
Castiel unwrapped the gift, opening the box. Inside was a light brown leather bracelet, much like the one he wore. On the top was angel wings, with a sword going down its centre. Dean and Castiel’s names on the exterior printed in Enochian.
“That is where you are wrong, my omega.” Came a stern reply.
Mertha walked onto the bamboo bridge in the agency garden. Dean was dangling his legs over the edge. The fish nibbled his toes, though today not a flicker of a smile adorned his sun-kissed face.
“A soda would be nice. Cold, strange request but everything’s to hot back home.”
“You, have to eat love, you’ve not had a lot since we got back from our nest.”
“Joe your back.” squealed Charlie, hugging the omega.
“You will need this Castiel.” The angel held out the ring in her palm.
“Dean, can you take your clothes off and put this gown on for me, please?” asks Hannah. It terrified Dean. What would they say when they discovered his scars? Dean shook with dismay and tears streamed down his pale face.
There was a flash, black smoke and sulphur assaulting his senses.
Dean went for a shower after a morning full of weapons training and school work. The warm water soothed his aching muscles, and he felt a lot better. Getting dressed in a tee-shirt, sweats and a hoodie, the omega went for a stroll in the gardens. It was cooler now winter had established in his world. The trees had surrendered most of their foliage. Their skeletal fingers reached up to the pale blue winter’s sky. Dean was positive the concealed panel was not obvious and inhaled with a sigh of relief when he could not spot it.
“Can I ask what you’re doing?” the voice of a jealous angel asked.
“What! Dean, they could have hurt you.” Francis remarked, startled.
“Castiel could not keep his eyes off you.” Adam snorted, shaking his head. “I thought he was going to jump off the stage at one point when Kevin hugged you.”
“They could force you to punish me in front of everyone?” Dean gasped.
Dean scratched his head and studied the stone; it was only half visible. The smaller handprint clearly on display. Looking down again, he wondered if this was a lock that operated the stone, and if it was, how could they open it? The circle that represented the Earth locked into place. But how did that happen? Dean groaned this was giving him a headache.
“Well, he won’t know about the water, will he? Let him assume I smuggled it up.” His green eyes twinkled with mischief.
Castiel stood, anger, like flames licking his skin, flowed through him, his grace pricking his flesh.
“Castiel’s getting this service award. The world will watch; you can’t let your mate down. Now let’s go down, or we will show our mates up.”
XxXxXxX
“Oh, sweet boy.” Castiel moved closer, surrounding Dean with his wings, his arms, and his very essence.
XxXxXxXx
The bus journey was uneventful; it took a little over two hours. The bus was full of screaming children, people arguing on the phone and kissing couples. No one bothered him; he sat with his eyes closed for most of the journey, trying to think of his next plan of action.
Suddenly Castiel called out raising his hand aloft; he was leading the parliament of angels and omegas. They all remained still, waited for the commander to speak.
Dean came closer and grasped the angel by his tunic. “I wish it were just the two of us; it seems an eternity. I thought you gone, that she had taken you from me.” Dean shudders at the mere thought.
Mertha saw the expression on Castiel’s face. “What’s the matter, commander?”
“I love you too Dee.” The little boy ran over to his uncle and hugged him too.
Dean sat down at the dining table, and Mertha put a plate of burgers and fries in front of him.
“Have you heard from Charlie?” Adam questioned his friend.
It puzzled Dean, he never mentioned his name. Shrugging his shoulders, it lulled him to sleep, the rumble of the car soothing him.
“Cas there is something I don’t understand.” Dean declared, looking at his mates’ bright blue eyes that always took his breath away.
Later that night, Dean worked on the iPad, assessing the codes to all the building’s cameras. He switched the ones off in his room. Looking at pre-recorded camera feeds, he sees the bully’s threatening Adam and Charlie. The time they took his water and the other times they aggravated them. Also catching several meetings between them and an angel he did not recognise. Storing the data on a USB stick, Kevin had given him.
Adam strode into the book room where his fellow omegas were hiding, wondering what they were doing.
“Here in the agency setting tasks are a little simpler, we have to accommodate outside. The task involves the elevator. Top rank mates have a golden elevator thinking they have more entitlement. If our mates speak of it in a manner like you have Dean, you pass.”
“You’re delusional.” snorted Dean.
They strode rapidly towards the human part of the agency. It surprised Jace to see the doctor and the commander.
“I fell,” Dean said, not looking the angel in the face.
“Yes, Bobby, thanks for the meal.”
“What! W-e can’t n-not until your h-heat.” stumbled Castiel, falling over every other word.
“What!” both boys turned to the redhead girl.
Dean showed his friend out and waved goodbye. It was nice to catch up; he was feeling lonely. The omega only wished his angel would come and visit him.
“Dean, keep your voice down, no need to shout.” The boy rolls his eyes.
Grabbing his fellow omega’s hands, Dean giggled in glee, knowing in an instant what to do. They ran through the corridors, rejuvenated by the light. Castiel took a controlled breath, though he did not need to breathe, the beauty of his mate astounded him.
Dean rubbed his eyes as tiredness swallowed his head. He yawned and closed the book, putting it under his hoodie. There was something familiar about this text; he had no clue why. Trusting no one, he sneaked upstairs and went to his room.
“I have no idea where Cas is. If he’s stuck in Heaven or not, he may not hear me, Sammy. I can’t take that chance.”
“Charlie, he’s told me twice he was forced to mate with me, he does not want me, sweetie,” Dean told his friend the truth, the hurt still sinking into his bones.
Le Chéile wedding ring. (Gaelic for together.)
“So, this plan is?” Castiel asks Charlie.
“Uriel, you have no right to touch my mate.” Castiel hissed, his aura glowing.
Castiel smirked. “I thought you liked…”
by Sidewalk Prophets. Humans, angels, and Nephilim alike remained in a circle, joined, holding hands. They were all dressed in white with a golden sash tied around their middle.
The doctor put her hand against the bruise and narrowed her eyes. “What on a hand or fist? Who the hell did this to you, Dean?”
“Cas can I ask you something?”
“I’m just so excited, I never considered what I would do when I left here. I felt like I was drifting out to sea on the widest ocean. Then Castiel came and threw me a life raft and pulled me in. You’re my family, I get that now. I get that Sammy and Uncle Bobby loves me. Adam and Charlie have always been there for me. I don’t know how I missed that. I feel like I have just woken up after a long sleep. I’ve walked out of a dark tunnel, and I can see a light flicker. I want to move towards it now.” Dean gasped for breath after such a long speech.
“I would like that angel,” Dean smiles.
Dean and Sam washed and dried and put the leftovers in the fridge. They all sat down to watch ‘Amazing beasts and where to find them’, Dean and Sam loved it.
over again — their mates handing them bottles of water to lubricate their parched throats. Marcus took a long pull of water and sang again while Isaac took in the cooling liquid.
“Hey,” Castiel yelped and tickled Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is that wise?” Katie wondered aloud.
Dean blinked his eyes open and took his hand off the stone, mesmerised.
“Cas, stop thinking of me growing up.” Huffs Dean, his skin growing chilly in the room and the angel flicks his fingers, and the temperature immediately rises. Castiel tugs at Deans grey sweats, they slip down off, narrow hips, not filled out yet. Dean steps away, and he takes off his socks but leaves on his boxer briefs.
I have no clue how I manage to walk myself into that-(Hates cliffhangers) 'Facepalm'
Mertha makes Deans wish come true. Castiel and Dean bond/marry and forget about the impending war.
The demons vanish in a puff of black smoke, and Gabriel sighed in relief. John had gone through the lingering echo of his actions will haunt them for years to come.
John dived, trying to hit Uriel, but he swotted him away like a fly. The angel staggered and corrected himself.
Hannah smiles at him and ushered him into an extensive white room. It bears a bed and a table with medical equipment on it. There are scales, a height chart, and a bank of lockers.
“Dean-o, I bring glad tidings of great joy.” Gabriel pounced on the omega.
Dean could tell his words had hit their intended target. Castiel’s shoulders sagged like he had given up. “Fine, Dean, I can’t put up with your childish tantrums.”
“Okay,” the redhead pulls Dean to an adjacent table and grabs water and makes her new friend drink it.
“I’m not,” Dean told her, rolling his eyes.
Sam smirked, nodding. “Castiel and I are going to search for a ring. Then we need suit’s.” Sam repeated his jobs to the others.
The woman is tall, somewhat taller than Castiel himself. Her fingernails are ruby red, so are her crimson red lips. She screams predator. If Castiel did not know who she was, he would think succubus right about now. Her golden sheets of hair hang loosely over her slender shoulders. Thin arms and fingers are tapping an unfamiliar melody on her slender hips. Castiel knows at once who she is, one of the Fates, for on her shoulder she holds a bag of string that coils around her, the rope that can end someone’s world.
“Deans, gone missing, and he’s just discovered his Nephilim powers. I triggered him he’s having flashbacks from the sounds of it. We’ve seen his old man near the agency.”
“Thank you, Mertha, be safe.”
Dean noticed that Joe and Charlie had gone into the separate room but left them to it. He wanted to inspect this one. It was circular; the floor was a smooth marble, in a mottle burnt orange and cream. There were markings of north, east, south, and west, like a compass. In the middle sat a chestnut oak wooden table with four ordinary chairs around it. Dean walked closer and spotted a map of the Earth and the constellations upon the table. A model of a schooner sat in a glass bottle, along with a golden sextant.
Dean hugged Charlie and Anna and watched his friend leave. Adam said his goodbyes, and they both ambled to the library.
I did google search on the names of the areas, if I get anything wrong please let me know. With Kindness x
John Winchester pushed his newly presented son to the intimidating white building of the Angel Agency. His friend Alistair told him he could get good money for the boy. John needed money for his younger son and himself; he did not care for the older boy who looked so much like his late wife, Mary. John's heart was black, and all he cared for was money.
“Forever I will.”
“Cas, I can’t.” shouts out Dean, sobbing.
“When my knot catches; you can cum, baby.” Castiel kisses Dean hot and long, his tongue delving into warm depths, taking his boy’s breath away.
Deans birthday, never really celebrated before, not that he can remember. His friends and Castiel make sure its a day to remember.
“Let’s get you home, son. Sammy git off him he needs to breathe boy.”
Castiel had not known that John had scared Dean so much that he had thought the angels would harm him. It made his Dean even more amazing in his eyes. He held on to his beautiful boy’s hand just a little tighter. Everyone seemed touched by the words, and most had tears in their eyes.
Xxxxx
Castiel wandered up and down the tables, watching and listening to what was being said, playing closer attention than he’d done formerly.
Dean smiled, it was blinding, lighting up his youthful face. Castiel gripped his arm, and the warm tingle of grace flowed between them. Healing all of Dean’s ailments, all his pain, his scars.
“Listen to me both of you, there the enemy they will pot all the others against me. You don’t have to stick by me, but they will try to divide us, put me in the corner and then strike. I can’t go to Castiel, he won’t care. They will count on that. I think Uriel’s got something to do with this and those demons I found in the alleyway.” Dean told his friends.
“I’m concerned about Dean, Gabriel.”
Olani hoath ol: I love you
“Let’s grab something to eat first.” declared Dean to the rest of the table, striding over to the kitchen. “I don’t know about you, but I want to be full because I have no clue when I eat next.”
“Don’t you realise I know this? I worry every day that it will trigger him, and I will find him gone. That this is my fault, that I brought his power forth so abruptly. That Uriel died. Deans better off with someone else.” Castiel shouts.
The angel hugged her, trying to turn her away from the creature that looked like his mate.
They got to the common area. Adam went to sit on the stage. High back wooden seats were waiting for the elders.
“Yeah, never had friends before, it’s nice.”
Hazel eyes stared at Dean with such anguish the older boy’s heart broke, “Dee. I’m sorry if I said or did anything to hurt you.”
“I have you, my sweetheart.” Castiel moves down, there body’s slick with the oils of their wings. Castiel onyx wings move steadily in a dominant display. The angel moves Dean’s legs apart and traces his fingers to the boy’s fluttering wet hole.
“We will see about that, won’t we.” The woman narrowed her eyes and strode forward, speculating if the angel was listening to her. She would make him regret that. “I have a greater army at my disposal. You will not win angel, you will perish here. Is that what you wish? To lie with this filth? Not to die with the mighty of your fallen brethren?”
“How long before you have to leave red?” Adam asked his friend.
“I hope you can forgive me? My old man will be here at any moment, I promise.”
Suddenly the place lit up, orbs of yellow danced around everyone’s head. A choir of angel voices followed, singing their soft hymn. A figure stood out of the light. Everyone fell to their knees in shock and respect.
Sometime later they started walking again and followed Castiel’s lead; he knew most of the tunnels and paths. Had the maps memorised in his photographic angelic brain? The two omegas grew tired, and Castiel knew he would have to make camp soon.
It shocked Gabriel, but he did not show it. Closing his eyes, he squeezed the little angel tight. “As I love you, little brother. Now let’s go get those omegas and show them how to have fun.”
The other two looked shocked for a moment at the nickname for the archangel and burst into giggles.
In a slight daze, he found a laundromat. Washing his clothes an hour passed, and he folded his clean clothes back into his bag. Looking around for accommodation, he found an omega hotel. More costly than a motel, but after what transpired today, he felt spooked and just wanted to feel safe. He could get more money out if he desired. If only he knew his uncle’s contact number being this close, he could pick him up.
“Well, you may want guests to stay over.”
“I ain’t no fairy you mud monkey, going after a kid, hope you feel proud of yourself.”
The bully laughed. “Yes. Fancy meeting you here of all places.”
Dean nodded in understanding. “Where do angels go when they die?”
“Take care,” Dean told the demons.
“I would like to see you try angel.” John chuckled, not at all anxious that the angel was now glowing with blue, white grace. The humans behind him took one look at each other and ran. The angels behind Castiel swept past, giving chase.
They were all on their knees, the stony soil and rocks cut their legs and made travelling hard, but they knew if they stood the monster would fight back. The creature made a loud, pained cry. Slowly, they stumbled towards the entrance to the next cavern. Dean arrived first.
“It’s better to keep Cassie and Dean away from this, abomination, at the moment.”
“Hello Dean,” came the voice of a man he knew very well.
Harry gets out behind the plant and sits down. Dean bounds up to him like an overexcited puppy.
“Thanks, Adam. When do you leave?”
“So, what were you doing at Cal’s anyway?”
“I felt unhappy that you and Adam have gone. I loathe that Castiel does not want me. Though he sent Cam, here to watch me, Charlie.”
All eyes were on Zeta garrison at the call of readiness from the command leader. Castiel both heard and saw at once, keeping track of his mate while he could. Knowing his Dean had sensed something, but getting nothing but love and nervousness through their shared link. Castiel called for all garrisons to be at their ready. The archangels soon following their brother’s lead.
“You’re my star, Dean, you shine so brightly. When you feel low, when you assume, no one loves you and you all alone in this world. Look at these, and it will be a reminder we love you, that you have a family bigger, then you can imagine, and that you have me, always.”
“Why the hell would you fear a stupid whore like that?”
Before Gabriel could stop her, Hael appeared behind him. He grabbed his horn from his pocket. It was the size of a keyring and made of solid gold. The angel blew into it and both the angels froze.
“Anna got a job. I can’t tell you what, not that I know much myself.”
“Boy, before you leave, I baked some pies for you and Adam. Now you’d best run, don’t keep that angel waiting.”
John strolled up to a counter that as sunflowers sat on the top. Dean thought they were pretty.
’ The omega laughed ‘
“Dean, you don’t get it; Adam and I are in our last year or a little longer if we drag it out. Then you’re on your own. It bothers Castiel, he thinks the world of you but has no concept of a human mate.”
“This way Dean.” Dean followed Francis, not positive what was going, but he liked the fellow omega.
“Gabriel and I have been by your side every step of the way. When I had to deal with the garrison, I asked my brother to monitor you. I was there when you were at Cal’s house. I was there when you were depressed and alone. There, when you had to sleep in the barn, I kept you warm. There when that trucker and bus driver thought about harming you. Both I and Gabriel were on this journey with you, Dean. I even made you take weapons’ training to help you fight off the bullies. I would never leave you, Dean, you’re my mate.”
“Just find out what’s going on, that’s all I ask.” Pleaded Michael, turning to his younger brother.
“That’s chilling.” Sandy shuddered.
“Yeah, bummer. Coke or Sprite?”
“Yes, we had words. I don’t expect any further issues.”
“Hell for certain, it seems to have the most demon activity.”
“Okay,”
“No, I can’t explain to you how I feel. Some things are going to happen Cas, and I don’t know what.”
Michael cleared his throat and sniffed, clearly affected by the heartfelt words.“When you love someone, you do not love them all the time in the same way, from moment to moment. It is an impossibility. We need to have faith in the ebb and flow of life, of love and relationships. We need to be one, yet separate, one heartbeat, two minds. I will bless you with joys, yet the inevitably of sorrows will mar the landscape. Together hand in hand you will seek solace in each other, be stronger in each other’s presence.”
“Red, I’m scared,” Dean admitted, shakily.
“Where the hell is my son? And where the hell is my money?” yelled John. Hated being treated like he was nobody.
Dean went into the hotel. The lobby was bright and adequately maintained. Going up to the receptionist, who eyed him with caution. The woman seemed stern, with her silvery hair and gold-rimmed glasses. She wore a cream blouse and a black skirt.
Lucifer chuckled. “I am, get to know me once this war is over.”
Michael brought a golden vessel out and flicked holy water over the pair’s clasped hands.
“What the hell are you?” John spat out a note of fear in his tone.
“Did you know your spell knocked me on my ass?” chuckled Castiel, remembering that day, and how proud he was of his mate. “Dean, even if you read that in a book, there is no way you should be advanced in spell works. I know your uncle taught you, Enochian, but I can’t waste your talent. You’re a natural gift.”
“What! And miss your birthday, not a chance.” Castiel put a parcel down on the table next to the others. “Happy birthday, love.”
“See you guys later.” Dean nodded and waved; the angel did not look impressed.
“We’re bored Winchester; we want to play.” Raz hissed at him.
Tuesday was Enochian in the morning, and the rest of the time Dean worked outside. Painting a shed for a little girl’s playhouse. He paints flowers and grass around the edge, and she hugs him and gives him a sucker.
Rubbing his wet hair, the alarm went off again. Dean frowned and realised they must need him downstairs, so he dressed in jeans, tee-shirt and a hoodie. Grabbing his lanyard and shoes, he bolted out of the door.
“You better behave in their boy,” growled John Winchester at his son Dean. “Your brother needs food, clothes, and college funds. You’re going to be useful after all.” His amusement was icy and cruel, and John kicked the mistreated child. “Now look sharp and remember your manners these dicks with wings are all about their manners.” John stepped into the building, all high and mighty like he was better than anybody there. Dean followed like a silent shadow, hardly existing.
“Cas, I-not long now angel” Dean pants out, oil and sweat dripping off him. Making his skin shine. His veins are on fire, from the inside out, he’s going to burn up.
“I don’t like little pricks.” he snorted and stared at his mate who stood with his arms folded, raising that eyebrow. He knew meant he was going to be in trouble any moment now.
Gabriel turned his nose up with utter disgust. “Sami put this idiot back into his cage. Revoke Dean and Castiels rights down here,”
“We want to build a nest near Castiel’s, so you can all be together.” Anna carried on the story.
(See the end of the chapter for
Michael opened the box. A light flickered, flourishing brighter. Oranges, whites, pinks, purples, reaching for the Heavens. A host of butterflies twisted up into a spiral up to the ceiling, their wings creating a whooshing noise. They disappeared and then appeared two white turtle doves. The birds flew around the circle, over the heads of the watching people. The flames of the candles jumped high, and there were gasps of surprise from the crowd. The birds flew up to the Heavens and vanished. Michael then closed the box.
Dean pulled away, walking towards a free-standing mirror. His wings sat in a submissive pose. The feathers stood out in a shower of light, silver, pinks and purples. The column’s started splaying out from the tiny feathers at the base of Deans wings to the massive plumage. The backdrop of the feathers behind the stars was a light Caribbean blue and moving up the spectrum to a deep dark navy it was almost black. Dean had the solar system on his wings.
“It looks like you’ll be here for a while then. You must stay with us until you reach eighteen at the age of consent. When your angel can move you to their nest.” Jace told him.
“We are the shadows, that haunt your nightmares, Nephilim. We are dark. We are shadows in the daylight. You cannot elude us.” the creature said with a heavy accent, Dean hardly understood it. It sounded like there was more than one creature talking which stumped the omega.
“I will.” Dean returned the words present on his lips.
Pulling his fingers through his thick thatch of black hair. Castiel glanced around, feeling apprehensive, bouncing his knee up and down.
“Always so polite, that’s what I always liked about you, boy. Not like that ass of a father.”
“The salt it hurts, boss.” the lanky demon lamented.
Cherry hair got closer to Dean, but she found her legs go underneath her and landed on her back with a thud. Dean started an exorcism. Black smoke bellowed from the creature’s mouth; it screamed when it could not sink to hell. The smoke just hung in the air, like hazy black smog. Trying to get back into the vessel. Dean stopped, not sure what he was seeing was real.
“Then you come to me. If you have concerns about my mental health, talk to my mate. But not in the middle of the agency’s common room.”
“I forgive you, Cas.” Dean gazed into those blue eyes and found love and truth in them.
“Why don’t you come and have coffee with me?” commented the angel who was swinging his legs lazily.
“Wow, that’s how that works, cool dude.” Kevin Tran said in excitement.
‘ Dean thought to himself.
Groaning, Castiel gets up and looks down at his chest where a hand mark is visible. Much like the one he put on Dean.
Dean went to his room and pulled his tie off and rubbed at his eyes. He would not cry, not over some dick angel, even if they put Cas on the system. He had been reading some books and knew Castiel’s banishing sigil. So, he placed it in his room.
“I’m sorry I let you all down.” cried Dean, who was feeling like his world had ended.
“What’s going on, brother? Why is the alarm sounding for battle?” Uriel questioned Samandriel.
"How do you mean Castiel?" Asked Lucifer who was looking confused.
Charlie nodded, holding tight to the book, excitement alive in her emerald eyes. “You know Chuck, gave us free-will, the Fates exploited that. Every time Chuck did a re-start, they would poison the minds of the alphas and betas. Hell already had a poor reputation, Lucifer tried his best, but it was never enough, sadly. Chuck cannot have a re-start this time, because the Fates went too far. They did not give the humans or everybody in Hell the free will to live their lives, they imprisoned people. Tipping the balance, making the world so sick, war, crime, famine, I could continue on.”
“I do,” Bobby spoke in his gruff tone. Squeezing Dean’s arm, he turned and sat down.
Dean glanced up, tears in his jade green eyes. “I don’t know what to say Cas.” He whispered, words failing him.
“It’s a blessing, love. There truly magnificent just like you.” Castiel ran his nimble fingers through his mate’s feathers.
“Sure, I can drop you off in the next town. Climb in and get comfy. I have snacks.” Garth grinned at his new friend.
Gabriel laughed, and Castiel joined in. He truly loved his mate.
“Okay Cal, rest okay? Is there anybody I can call?”
“Tula’s a muse angel specialises in acting this is her thing.” giggles Dean. “bring it on dude.”
“I’m not looking forward to that. Michael asks me every time if I’m feeling okay and rushes around with a thermometer, taking my temperature.” the older boy rolls his eyes.
“We live and learn Charlie, we are all concerned about Dean. How can we make this up to Dean?” Castiel grins at her.
I wrote this to the 10th Docs music really inspired me.
“I know this must frighten you Charlie, but I had hoped Dean, may have mentioned something last night that would help,” Castiel asked kindly, not wanting to startle the poor omega.
The younger boy reached the bridge and grinned when he noticed the fish. They had become bigger. He was certain of it. Dean groaned when he saw two of the bully’s Raz and Joel coming his way. ‘
“Run to Amber quickly and get up there,” Mertha shouted in panic.
“Look, Lucy, you’ve nailed a tender spot.” chuckles one demon behind the red-lipped woman standing next to Dean.
Castiel smiled and clicked his fingers. “Thank you, sister.”
A little catch up with Dean and Castiel.
“Can we, Anna?” Charlie asked her mate, jumping up and down in excitement.
“Why? I don’t get it.” Dean asked the demon bewildered.
“Sure, Castiel.” The angel walks away, but Pam looks on with concern. The boy needs his angel, not strangers. But she can’t tell him that, he will have to find that out for himself.
Chairs got pushed away and a dance floor set down on the lush green grass. The music lifted the occasion by the angels who played several instruments. Their first dance was ‘
“No, you don’t get to leave me,” screamed John, his plan backfiring.
“Okay, where will I get that?” Dean asks the doctor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel glanced up at his father. Holding tight to Dean’s hand, knowing this one question plagued his young mate. “If you knew what was happening to Dean; why did you not stop it?”
“They let them all out,” Charlie whispered in shock.
“I have to, leave Anna.” It devastated Castiel at abandoning Dean. His body wanted the young omega, but he needed to leave. Breathing through his nose, he hissed out. “I can’t stay, tell him I will be back, that I love him.” With that, he flew away. All they could see were claw marks on the door.
“Yes, sir.”
Castiel heard the angel alert sound and hoped that he would discover his mate quickly, that he was safe.
“Growing up.” Dean giggled, snuggling into his angel’s side for comfort.
“I think we need code names,” Adam tells his friends. “They can mind read, so if we want to talk about our angels-“
“That will be Kevin; we brought him in. Someone’s been trying to access our computer network and cameras.”
“My angel gets so jealous, does Michael get like that?” Dean asked, looking at his friend through the shiny glass.
“We do. Tatsu is eight he’s, strong and brave like his haha. Natsuki is three and much like me, getting herself into mischief. Michael and Castiel are late in taking up a mate. Only myself, Raphael and Gabriel have mated the longest. My first partner past away, many aeons ago. They did not want to bond, so she withered and died.”
“That much is true,” Adam announced.
“Yes, I get why you called me. Though I have news, carry on son.”
“It’s fine, Sammy.” Dean beamed at his baby brother.
When Dean woke, he felt better, but his belly rumbled. Going to McDonald’s, he brought his food back to his room. Needing to switch his phone on and check for the bus timetables he got a notice from Charlie, he viewed it, not so bothered about being caught it showed no one had missed him, anyway. Angels would have caught up to him before now.
“May I start first?” Dean asked.
“We can talk about this angel, come to some agreement?” John begged for mercy but found none in the angel’s blue eyes.
“Adam, is that you?” Came a loud cry from the other end of a barren room they had just entered.
“Oh, yeah. I’m ravenous, and everybody keeps putting stuff into my hands.” Dean grinned back at the tan face in front of him.
“Is something wrong?” the younger boy asks.
“Get back before the elevators shut down,” Anna told Charlie. “I need to get to my brother before he tares his hair out.”
Castiel had flown to the lobby, where they accepted the new humans. Upon spotting Hannah, he hastily went over to her.
Dean smiled softly at the sweet gesture. “I want to visit my brother and Uncle Bobby. Is that okay?”
“Dean, can I come to stay with you soon?” Sam asked his brother.
“You boys clear the table and wash up. I want to show Castiel the books I have.”
Dean stands behind Charlie, his arms folded, waiting to intervene. This is his life; they’re throwing carelessly around for others to hear, after all.
“Pam, what do you need?”
XXXXX
“Zadkiel?” Dean strutted, not believing his eyes.
Mertha studied the boy. Dean was seventeen, but it was about time he acted like it. Dean Winchester was invariably an adult with so much on his young shoulders. People and angels alike forgot that. She would have to remind certain brothers of that fact.
“Fair enough,” Dean shrugged, following his angel out. They flashed their cards over the sensors. The door flicked red to green, and Castiel pushed it open. They strode down the corridor, and a camera followed their every move. They did the same checks on the second door and came to a female angel sat by a wooden desk.
“It’s commander to you, show me respect. I don’t want to hear nor see you today, Dean, got it? I discover you have not completed your tasks it will be so much worse.”
Dean nodded seriously. He had seen it more than once. He agreed with what his friends. Castiel took Adam and Charlie home, and then Dean back to the agency.
Castiel tells everybody in the common area that Dean is okay. If they’re concerned about him, to ask for him.
Dean opened the snazzy envelope first and picked out the stiff card inside.
“Cas.”
“I think you’re going to need it.” Kevin gets up, winks and shuffles away.
“What!” spluttered Mallory, peering down at Castiel. “This, this can’t be happening.”
Thank you for your love, comments and support. Always x
“Yeah, that obvious hey?” laughed Dean, dumping the water on the table near the boy. Dean could see him glancing at it, and his eyebrows rose.
Gabriel gets Dean out of the agency for the weekend. The angel investigates and gets to the bottom of whos been targeting Dean.
“The rooms change up here, not sure what will become of it. Gabriel mated with a girl, and so did Raphael. And the top rooms over in their dorms are no longer in use. We will be the last two. How old are you anyway?” Adam asked Dean, wanting to get all the information from the boy.
Castiel heard a joyous cry, and out of the tunnel ran Charlie straight into him.
“Commander, we don’t know what he looks like...”
Gabriel knew that look, Dean would have any food he could dream of in his immediate future.
Castiel ran back and grabbed the cook’s arm. “Dean likes you sister; he will talk to you.”
Wednesday is Angel studies, which last the entire morning. Florence is stern but kind and Dean's given unique work because of Castiel’s rank. It’s hard, but he likes it and studies hard. They have homework for this class. They have to find five things about their angel they can’t learn on the Internet. That’s easy, think's Dean. 1. Castiel has black wings, not white as it specifies. 2. Castiel is bossy. 3. Castiel can be a badass. 4. Everyone seems terrified of him and follows his order’s more than archangel Michael. 5. Castiel likes bees because he’s always wearing bees on his socks. (Even in battle uniform.) When he hands the work in on Friday, there is a flicker of a smile from Florence, and she tells Dean he has top marks.
“Dean’s been with me, Harry.” Daisy beamed and told her son all about what the omega had done for her.
Chuck moved towards Dean. “Well, that’s unexpected, he’s in heat.”
Dean unhooked his hand and groaned. “Will they punish me?”
“I have one more year here. You will have the entire floor to yourself.” sighed the boy like he wished he had that.
“Cas, he has holy oil,” Dean told his mate.
“I’m Dean, omega, mated to Castiel, Angel of Thursday, and you can shut the fuck up.” Dean pulled back his arm and with maximum force smashed the mirror.
“I think your right red. It will only become worse. I will piss Castiel when he encounters the state; I left the nest. Also, Cam was there when he finds that we had a food fight. We will have one particularly angry alpha angel on our hands.”
Hannah strode with purpose to the room where John Winchester was. Castiel and Jody sat either side of Hannah, not speaking a word, letting the younger angel deal with the situation.
“So, this blade killed my mom?” Dean’s hands shook as he traced the blade with his fingers.
Aschaniis ol oiad tahila: Welcome to the family
Dean got up and followed his uncle down some steps to the basement.
“We constantly underestimate you, don’t we, sweetheart,” Castiel spoke out loud.
Joe stared up when the connecting door opened into the common area.“The commander’s here for you, Dean.”
“I just wondered, free will and all that.”
Dean nodded and put the blade into his jeans. Dean knew it could not kill him, but it would hurt a hell of a lot, he was positive of it.
Dean nodded, swallowing loudly. “Yeah, together.”
“What now?” Dean asked, confused.
Dean loved the shower; it had a narrow bench and large shower head. The entire bathroom had tiles. The walls shaped like bricks, the colour like the depths of the sea, the floor in a white and black honeycomb. There was a chrome warming heater for the fluffy white towels that were piled on the white counters — one washbasin, and toilet in white. He snooped in the overhead cabinet and found wash items, plus a shaving kit.
“Wow, thanks Mertha, this looks amazing.” Dean’s eyes lit up with wonder at the spread and presents.
Castiel handed Dean his handkerchief out of his breast pocket and took hold of Dean’s quivering hand. The angel sent warmth, comfort and joy in droves down their shared link.
There training was complete; weapons were piled high; rations were set out. Crowley’s witch friend had even spelt the omegas a bag that clipped around their wrist. They kept food rations, water and other items in it. It was terrific to the omegas that such a small object could carry so much. It was like something out of Harry Potter. It was much better than taking a cumbersome load on their backs that could hinder them in a fight.
“Kevin and I have fixed the cameras and computers no one can hack into them now. Your way out of the agency’s blocked, Castiel made sure of it.” Charlie informed him.
The angel stood up and groaned. His arms throbbed from holding his sword aloft. Running his grace through his worse injuries, not wanting to deplete it this early on, being so far from the host. Plus, if Dean needed him, he had to be ready.
His Dean stood still, tall and silent.
Castiel realised what he had to do and flew back to the common room. By now, the evening was coming. He saw Mertha, who ran over to him.
“That's Sammy, he’s all me.” John sneered.
“Your most kind, Dean. I’m unhappy I could not stop the other two. I will deal with them, that’s a promise. I will make it up to you.”
“Cas, you can’t take burgers away from me and pie,” Dean sulked and crossed his arms.
“Yes, sir. I need help, uncertain where I’m at truthfully.”
“Castiel trust me, I have found a quicker, safer route.” Dean sing-songed in a relatively playful tone.
“Dean, no, stand down. I can’t help you if you kill him.” Castiel told him.
“Is that why you were livid at that angel, who was going to hit me?”
When Dean goes into the bathroom, he checks in the mirror. His eyes are a golden yellow flecked with the green of his iris.
The ring glinted in the light, the silver highly polished. There was his fingerprint, a part of his DNA, sat on the ring for his angel to carry around with him. What if he said no? Knowing he needed to keep his moods steady or he would have a panicked angel on his hands. He placed the box back in its bag. His fingers brushed a slip of paper, and he pulled it out.
Later, they stood in a corner by themselves. “Dean, can I say, how amazing you look today? You shine like the star you truly are.”
Dean then got ready for bed, feeling better he had evidence and a way to escape when he needed to. Needing to get some money was a priority, but he was not positive how he could achieve that.
