And then someone – Kitty Riley, from Sherlock’s interview last year, no less – noticed poor, broken John Watson racing through the crowd, pushing people aside, his eyes cast to the ground, muttering “excuse me”s and “sorry”s through the lump in his throat, hoping that no one would recognize him as –
But he still had his little quirks. He still had his heartbeat.
It's almost January, and I'm STILL not done with Constantly. And since we're so close to Sherlock Series Four (and friggin the guy who plays Claudius Templesmith is the new villain this time around (HOW DARE U BBC)) I'm just gonna like. Pause writing for a bit, see what he's about, and I'm gonna do what I can about putting him into the fic because THAT'S JUST WHO I AM
the worst parts of the Hunger Games – like I was –”
When he finally pulled his shirt down from the mirror, he looked his reflection in the eye, and reminded himself of his mission: “Save Harry Potter.” And then he flew off to Hogwarts and killed Voldemort with KNOWLEDGE the end.
“Sherlock Holmes!” John shouted, and instantly regretted it; Sherlock dropped his arms, looking like he was about to cry. But he pressed on. “Drop. It.”
He opened his eyes to shake hands with Harry, and saw two hands in the air, three fingers displayed. He glanced down, and found Mr. and Mrs. Watson were attached to those hands. Slowly, the people around them kissed their fingers and held them up in the air, too, and the people around those people did the same. In moments, all of District 12 was saluting Sherlock and Harry. And, as if on cue, Sherlock, Harry, John, and Mycroft did the same.
“Why the hell is he doing this
Surprisingly, Mycroft’s advice worked, as long as “become a stone” meant checking out for a few minutes, thinking about absolutely nothing, and just reading what was on the cards and papers as if they were simple history books – as if the words written on the page were not stringed together in a way that held any meaning. John hated himself for becoming the stone – for taking himself out of his own mind so he wouldn’t start crying (or worse) at the microphone, but with the way Sherlock and Mycroft smiled at him it seemed his mental trip went unnoticed. He never once looked up from the page, never once looking at Sally’s little sister, or Philip’s little brother. He still hoped with all of his might that they would never have to follow in their sibling’s footsteps – maybe they could live the lives Sally and Philip never had the chance to – the lives John took away from them both.
“Sometimes,” John admitted casually, and Sherlock instantly stopped in his tracks, offended.
“And also died,” Harry agreed.
remember them all, meaning he ate more than whoever he ate in his Arena.”
Other sectors in the Arena that were never mentioned in the story: Quicksand (every cartoon character’s ever-present NIGHTMARE), Beasts (I keep thinking Giant Stone Gargoyles for some reason idk why), a Minefield, blood-sucking Leaches that sucked you dry, super venomous angry Snakes, literal Indiana Jones/127 Hours-esque Boulders (those came from Alexander Waters' Hunger Games, if you'll remember), a sector that just spouted Fire at you out of nowhere (or maybe just caught on fire at random intervals?), a sector I labeled “Simulation” but it’s been so long since I looked back at these notes that I have no idea what I meant, and a sector I labeled “Poison” but it’s been so long since I looked back at these notes that I have no idea what I meant (maybe every food source within it contained poison?).
“And what would that would be?” Caesar asked, curious.
“We’re here,” Alexander finished for Louise.
a Jabberjay?! Are you
“You have enough money to throw food away while the other Districts are starving and
“Sherlock – Sherlock,” Harry said, touching his shoulder. He spun around to her, and she smiled up at him, and it at that moment that he truly saw her wounds. She had dirty cuts covering her skin, and welts from the tracker jackers, and bruises on her face and body.
“Let’s get downstairs; we shouldn’t leave Louise alone for too long,” he said, and they boarded the elevator.
Finally, they reached the maze’s exit and dashed into the following sector, not knowing what was there, but knowing that, somewhere nearby,
“I dunno – she’ll probably be questioned along with all the other remaining Escorts and Peacekeepers and Stylists and Prep Teams who survived, and then they’ll figure out what to do with her based on what she says.”
“Myc?” Sherlock repeated, looking away from the father and son to meet Lindsay’s eyes. “With a ‘y’?”
John stood in front of the television, his arms crossed, chewing the inside of his lip. The Ravenstag was used back in the last Quarter Quell, with Hannibal Lecter Magnussen and Will Graham. They were solitary creatures – two were never seen together – but they liked to stalk the tributes. As long as whoever they had chosen to follow didn’t get too scared or threatened or whichever and try to attack, they wouldn’t either. The only time it didn’t work like this was when one encountered Hannibal near the beginning of their Games: somehow he convinced the creature to go after Will Graham without being provoked, but Will was able to befriend the Stag, and it followed him around for the rest of the Games. That’s when Hannibal realized he wanted to keep Will alive until the final two – he was smart, yet unstable, and that made him interesting.
As soon as Sherlock entered the room, he could see him – his white prison jumpsuit and greying hair standing out against the dark grey room he was held in.
As the four of them made their way out of the tiny crawlspace where they had spent the last four hours (give or take), John looked up at Antonia. Her eyes then cast over the group, and John could see what she was looking for: she was seeing if everyone was accounted for. He saw her eyes land on each of them, before looking deeper within the room, looking for Mycroft. The question was in her eyes for a moment, but when she blinked it was gone – she didn’t need to ask, because she knew the answer.
Sherlock nearly jumped out of his skin and spun around, apple still in hand, but then he saw it was only Harry Watson peeking at him from over the back of the sofa, and he instantly relaxed.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt a hand grab at his head, a fist clenching in his curls and pulling him off course. The next second, another arm closed in around his throat and two legs wrapped themselves around his waist.
mind palace. It lets me sort out the details – gets them out, when I need to.”
“Because I feel like it shouldn’t have happened. And to show that, despite everything, someone in this world still cares.”
“It wouldn’t matter, either way. Magnussen would play, and all it takes is one person to kill another.”
Anyway, this week's been really shitty for me so like. If you read this and you wanna be friends, please add me/message me somewhere:
“I hope he drowns,” he muttered, the thought of Magnussen bringing back the memories John fought to keep away.
Without a word, John sat down next to him. Sherlock barely glanced at him, but instead put his laid his hand on the box, and John took his hand. They sat like this, in silence, for a few a minutes at the most, until John spoke:
“Just taking a look at what I’m going to be missing out on,” Sherlock replied, closing the book.
John looked up at Mycroft, and Mycroft shook his head. He was only willing to let it go because of the fact that John and Sherlock had an interview with Caesar to do; John didn’t really feel like holding the tension of Sherlock and Mycroft keeping secrets from him when he was supposed to be acting one-hundred-and-ten-percent head-over-heels totally-in-love with Sherlock for the Capitol.
“The East Wind was a terrifying force that sought out the unworthy – generally me – and plucked them from the earth, laying waste to all in its path,” Sherlock chuckled at the memory. “Mycroft – he used to chase me around our old house, pretending to be the East Wind, saying that he was coming to get me...”
Instantly, flashes of cameras filled their eyes and the sounds of various Capitol paparazzi asking various questions filled their ears.
“Do I get to play the Hungry Games?” Hamish asked, excitedly, and John and Sherlock exchanged looks of distress. “Does Rosie get to play the Hungry Games?” Hamish asked, looking at the baby girl – his sister. “I wanna play – I wanna win like you and Papa.”
Shh - Frou Frou (for Harry watching over Sherlock)
“Oh, aren’t you a
So, this the last of the deleted scenes for Constantly! And, until I get more stuff written, that's the end of the bonus features.
“What? Hit me? Knock some sense into me?” Sherlock deadpanned.
“Indeed,” Mycroft agreed, and sighed again. “They would’ve been so proud of you,” he whispered, almost as if it was just an afterthought, but Sherlock knew that anything involving their parents was far from an afterthought.
Even if he didn’t want to.
Alexander Waters was one of the last people to share his story, about two months into the meetings, in a quiet voice that John had never heard him use before, all of his usual charisma gone:
“Wait, what –?”
Sherlock –” she snapped, throwing herself back, glaring up at Sherlock in a rage that put Mycroft’s anger to shame. “What the
“Hey,” he cut her off, and she looked up at him. “It’s okay. I’m okay. Really,” he said, looking at each of his friends in turn, trying to convince them even though he wasn’t even sure if what he was saying was true. “It happened. What’s done is done.”
Sherlock seemed to spend his days bouncing between three states of mind. Sometimes he would brood silently, curled up on the couch or on his bed, or sitting upright but just staring out into space. Sometimes he would be overly affectionate to John; hugging him more often for as long as he could get away with, and kissing him deep into the night – desperate to act as if things were normal or to get as much as he could in before he was gone. Then there were some days where he was as focused as he could ever be on the Games – asking Mycroft and John about what everything was like – the reaping, the Capitol, the interviews, training, the Games themselves –
irises in the wedding, but apparently her idea of “minimal” did not match up with Sherlock and John’s – frankly, Mrs. Hudson took the liberty of ordering mostly irises, deeming each and every one absolutely necessary, and therefore, “minimal.”
“They’d hate you,” John said quietly from across the table.
But was that really such a terrible fate? He could almost see the headlines of the articles that would surely be written about him: Sherlock Holmes Dies Of Morphling Overdose Just Four Days After Brother’s Death.
Harry half-smiled up at him. “Sherlock Holmes: my man with a plan.”
As soon as John said this, Dean looked back at Alexander, and they both burst into laughter, immediately confusing John.
I was going to write a scene where Lavinia reunites with her family, and she has a new little brother who’s like three and literally did not exist until
“But we are better than that; we’re better than to seek revenge on our friends for something we have no control over. None of this bears fault onto any of us – our brothers and sisters are merely pawns, and I don’t think any of us want anyone to lose the Hunger Games this year, because then someone in this room will lose a family member, someone that they love. But that’s not on us, and it’s not on them. We all know who to blame. I have a theory that this Quarter Quell is to pit us against each other, and maybe it would have, if we were all like Hannibal Lecter Magnussen. Fortunately, we are not. We know how to do something he doesn’t know how to do, and that is to understand, and to forgive.
“It would be my greatest honor, Harriet Watson,” he said, which was exactly what he had said last time, and led her to the dancefloor, Harry turning her head back to the boys only to stick her tongue out as they went.
Far Too Young To Die - Panic! at the Disco
“Obviously,” Mycroft replied, only slightly irritated by the Peacekeeper’s idiocy.
Mycroft exclaimed.
“He wins?” Louise cut him off. “He’s
Knowing that if anyone was outside of the maze, they would hear them from just inside, Harry kept going, dragging Sherlock along, going this way and that way, even as she could barely walk straight, even as she saw the maze move on its own and saw shadows out of the corners of her eyes that she knew weren’t really there. She kept stumbling along, trying to get them as lost as possible in the maze, because, just maybe, if
“Are you alright?” he had asked.
“Thank you,” the man said hastily as John turned for the door, and John rolled his eyes.
“Hey, John?”
“No,” Harry said, shutting down that train of thought immediately. “Apparently the Capitol thinks they’re fucking hilarious and decided to put one hundred bandaids in my pack. But when Mycroft and John sent us stuff for our tracker jacker stings, they also sent gauze and a stitching kit and a numbing agent for your arm.”
specifically?” Harry asked. “This obviously has nothing to do with his brother, or he’d want the both of us, or all three of us together.”
allowed to watch it – they wouldn’t shut up about you for almost a year after you won – you were a legend in District Twelve,” John explained.
Harry had been rendered completely dumbfounded upon laying eyes on Louise Neal after the recap. She had seemed deeply touched by Louise’s compliment of her hair. They had stayed by each other’s side during the Victory Banquet. They had always made a point to greet each other specifically. As soon as she had seen her after the rebellion, Harry had called out Louise’s name and they had hugged each other as if they were holding on for dear life – the same way that Sherlock and John hugged after each of their Games.
She shrugged. “I’ll be okay, I think,” she glanced behind Sherlock, at the door to the room he had just left. “Are you both in there?” she asked, gesturing.
“Yes, that’s what I mean.”
Kiss of Life by The Dear Hunter (for Sherlock)
John and Louise signed back a simple
Spotify: Sara Starr (seriously, if anything, follow the spotifiy; most (if not all) of the Hungerlock playlists I’ve created are there, and I’ll probably continue to add to them for years to come).
“He did?” Sherlock asked.
and –
I didn’t expect for Part Four of Constantly to be SO LONG AND FULL OF EXPOSITION – there was just so much I wanted to wrap up and I really wanted to focus a lot on the recovery (because Mockingjay didn’t really focus on it much at all, in my opinion), but I didn’t want to make a third installment just for “Sherlock fucks himself up on Morphling and John goes to a support group and Harry and Louise fall in LURVE” – I hope the length is okay and it all wasn’t too drawn out!!
BUT I'm having issues with like. Motivating myself to do Constantly stuff.
“Sorry but your reunion’s been rescheduled to LATER LET’S
Seneca Crane – the Head Gamemaker – grabbed Sherlock by his sleeve, pushing him into the wall that was right behind them – putting a gun in his face.
Despite everything – despite Sherlock’s life changing in so many ways – so many
“Let’s not talk about us,” Harry muttered, going back to put Sherlock’s medkit into his bag.
Clover Frankland’s fingers were broken.
that,” Harry replied, sitting on the shore.
John also knew that he’d have to tell Sherlock about it – he’d have to relive it one last time, for him. He’d have to break down the walls that kept the assault from completely taking over his head and let Sherlock in, rebuilding the wall around them, because Sherlock had to know. Despite figuring it out, he still knew too little – he still didn’t know everything that happened – and he should’ve known everything, from the beginning.
Anyway.
Sherlock turned from his brother’s immortalized face to the sound of the voice – the voice he hated himself for recognizing after all these years.
“It’s not Alexander,” he replied, and John nodded, putting the phone to his ear.
Shit, was it that obvious that he had been crying? He had tried not to – he had tried to keep it together as best he could, but when Harry had tried to make light of their goodbye (“Please don’t start crying, because if
And Magnussen chuckled, and he flicked her again.
Well, that was a good start, John thought. Maybe he could get a middle and an ending written by the time it was the One-Hundredth Annual Hunger Games. And yet, that simple half-of-a-sentence was novels longer than anything he had said aloud about them in the past six months – more than he had said aloud about anyone in that Arena. His mind, though – he could fill oceans with what he thought about every single person who had been in there with him.
going – I don’t know how many other ways I can ask it.”
“Gladly,” Harry said, grinning, and, once she had, Sherlock went to work.
I know your body language. You think you're so clever because you can read faces, but guess what? I can read you like a book, too. So, you can take your
Sherlock nodded, forcing the words out of his mouth.
It was soon that they decided that, since they weren’t going to sleep, they might as well go back to the party in the City Circle. They had expected to be relatively alone in the Circle, but apparently everyone had listened to Sherlock informing Harry that tomorrow would hold the finale, and the Circle was nearly packed with people in anticipation, not wanting to miss a single moment.
Seamus Ashton, 28, District 5.
“...I’m not going to answer that. Also, and this is important: if you are offered a beverage,
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly, as the cameras cut away in the exact same place they had before, letting the audience put the same terrible, horrible pieces together. “About Aurora.”
The next woman stood up and spoke with her hands, and Alan Patterson translated for her: her name was Clover Frankland, she was from District 10, and her brother Robert was in the Games. She then looked up at Mycroft, and John looked at Mycroft to find him making gestures similar to hers. It took John a second, but then he remembered who exactly she was from watching her in her Games: the person standing on the podium next to her committed suicide by stepping off of their pressure plate just before the Games started, making it look like they had just timed themselves incorrectly. Clover and a few others lost their hearing, but the only one who didn’t completely break down in panic was Clover; instead she spent her Hunger Games learning how to deal with her sudden loss of hearing. When it came down to the final two, she was attacked from behind, but she was able to defeat them. Upon returning to the Capitol, it became clear that her hearing loss couldn't be reversed, leaving her permanently deaf. John could at least partially sympathize, since the Capitol couldn’t save his injured leg last year, when he returned from his Arena.
– he just said he
The Yawning Grave - Lord Huron
It was a beautiful creature – a creature that seemed like an old friend to Sherlock – but why? He had seen one before, he knew he had – but where? Maybe beyond the fence with John? No, that wasn’t right – they had seen stags before, but nothing like this one, surely...
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft stopped him, then, in front of the only door they had encountered since entering the hallway – an elevator.
And then they, together, opened the doors.
“What do you think about the other tributes this year?”
Sherlock Holmes and Harry Watson were this year’s tributes.
LOVE ME
But John didn’t care. He – just for a moment – stopped thinking, stopped caring about what everyone thought of him, what everyone wanted of him, what
She then took his hand and pulled him aside, into the hallway, with a pair of double doors to separate them from the rest of the group.
Harry, affected by tracker jacker venom, pulls Sherlock out of the jungle and to the beach of the Arena; Sherlock suffers from vivid hallucinations, memories, and meets someone he thought he'd never meet; John and Mycroft struggle for sponsors; the unthinkable occurs.
Dead is dead is
Over the next few months, Sherlock found he wanted to do a lot of things. He wanted to find and take in all of the Morphling his body could handle and then some. He wanted to go back in time, and stop himself from ever speaking to John Watson, to avoid all of this pain. He also wanted to tear John Watson’s clothes off and make love to him, and give him good memories to look back upon when he was gone. He wanted to run and never stop. He wanted to lay down and die. But he didn’t do any of those things.
And just like that, the memories came rushing to him, all being played out in his head, one by one. Every time Sherlock insinuated his brother was overweight, every snide remark, every last roll of his eyes. Every disrespectful thing he had ever done to Mycroft came back to Sherlock, each one like a slap in the face.
“Remind me: what did I say?” Sherlock asked around a mouthful of toothpaste, looking back in the mirror. “I say a lot of things, you know.”
His eyes finally focused upon Harry Watson’s, and he struggled to smirk as he found his voice again.
They were playing cards on the dining room table just before dinner time when – predictably – Mycroft emerged from the elevator and entered the penthouse. Sherlock and Harry exchanged looks – when they got back to District 12, she owed him access to her bedroom for ten minutes, a place that she had never let him into, for she claimed if she did he would, in her words, “deduce the shit out of her.” This, of course, was completely true.
“Does it ever bother you? At all?”
started showing, more than just a bump that could be hidden with the right kind of dress – every time he saw me his eyes would kind of bulge out of his head, for just a second. It was like he couldn’t believe there was a human being growing inside of me – he had no idea what to make of it.”
But until then, he had to focus on Hannibal.
But there was one way he
“How long until what stops?” Mycroft asked.
“After the fight broke out, he realized that this was bigger than just a handful of us and ran for it.”
John backed himself off of his boyfriend, and kneeled on the bed.
Please leave a comment! I love reading them, even if I don't always reply!
“Nothing,” he replied as they approached the sea of important people with names and faces that Sherlock would very soon forget.
Cliquot - Beriut
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted with a shrug. “But...if there were never any Games, John would never have talked to me. We would’ve never been friends, and I would have never met you.” He finally looked away from his apple and up at Harry. “I know that the Games have taken things and people that we can never get back, but it gave us good things too – it gave us each other. I know that the bad outweighs the good, but if we hold onto the bad we’re just going to forget there was ever any good to begin with.”
“Yes,” Harry replied before John could answer, crossing her arms.
“Thank you, John,” she said, and John realized it was the first time that anyone had thanked him for answering their question.
“Hey,” John said, waving. “Have any of you seen Sherlock Holmes?” he asked, and a part of him was about to go into detail of what Sherlock looked like, but he then realized that literally everyone in Panem – including these three kids – knew exactly what Sherlock looked like.
Sherlock had returned to District Twelve alone a day later. A week after that, Hannibal Lecter Magnussen was at his doorstep, just as they had planned. The two had been living together ever since, learning to live around and with each other, which was no easy feat.
“He cupped his hand around my genitals –”
“I am?” Sherlock asked.
Dinner passed entirely too slowly, but the moment Sherlock and Harry were taken into separate rooms by their prep teams, Mycroft informed Mrs. Hudson that if she needed him that he would be on the fourth floor with Dean Bainbridge, and if she didn’t need him for anything, he’d see her in Caesar’s studio before the final interview. In reality, he knew she wouldn’t need him for anything, but giving her a story would deter her from asking questions; she didn’t know him well enough to call upon his bluff. Although she looked as if she wanted to yell at him some more over Sherlock and Harry’s stupid ice cream meal, she believed his lie and let him go.
“Well, my boyfriend disappeared; there’s that one.”
"Um...HOLD ON," Sherlock called, and thus began the shuffling. After 30 seconds, Sherlock answered the door, standing at full height - 7 feet. "Mycroft. What brings you here? Lose a camera?" he asked, and John snickered in the background. Mycroft would have made a polite "I'm going to stab u in the face with my umbrella-ella-ella-eh-eh" smile and a backhanded retort, but he was in a world of deductions that, while they weren't as good as Sherlock's, were pretty much 100% accurate.
“Now, Aurora...” Magnussen said, turning around to face the girl. “What should we do with you?” He took a step toward Aurora, and she took a step back, aiming her spear at him. “We’re at the final four. Just us, and the tributes from District Twelve...and they surely won’t kill each other. That just leaves you and me. So, I suggest you make this quicker for all of us and just kill yourself, don’t you agree?” he asked, still stepping forward, still causing Aurora to step away – trying to keep him from closing the distance between them.
introduction written by none other than
“Did you mean it?” Sherlock turned around to find John sitting on the bed, looking up at Sherlock as he took off his prosthetic (a skill he had perfected over the past six months). “What you said this morning?”
John’s eyes hardened at Antonia’s words, but he didn’t argue anymore as they began walking again. Instead, he focused on the one person he
“Well it certainly confuses you; the moment it’s mentioned you’re lost.”
“How unfortunate. I thought we would have some fun together,” he said, finally, and checked his own watch. “I do believe our five minutes is up –” As he said the words, there was a knock on the door.
“William – John – How do you feel about being split up after being together for such a short time?”
“We never were to begin with.”
“Yes, I did, but only a few people know about this, and none of them are the Gamemakers, so you must keep it to yourself.”
“He’s just testing the waters,” Sherlock said.
“– the body’s just a transport – not John Watson –
“Look after Sherlock. Please.”
“Don’t worry, Johnny Boy,” he began, and then paused only to pat John’s face three times over. “It’ll all be over, soon,” he said, and then placed his hand on John’s cheek. Instantly, John’s body cringed at how surprisingly wet his hand was.
“They’d find us,” Sherlock whispered, letting the wind carry his voice to John’s ears. “And you’ve got Harry and your parents to worry about. And I’ve got Mycroft,” he said, louder.
“I don’t mind, really. Honestly, I sort of enjoy doing the paperwork; it keeps my mind off of things. Not to mention the fact that I believe you’ve had a little too much excitement this year to fill these out.”
John asked loudly, hating the glaringly obvious lump growing in his throat as he spoke. “And what, you didn’t think to tell us?”
But, before Sherlock could do anything about it, a very drunk Mrs. Hudson sat down beside him, tearfully going on about how much she loved Johnlock from the beginning, and Sherlock spent the rest of the night focusing on trying to coax John’s location out of her (she too refused to tell him) and then moving Mrs. Hudson’s glass just slightly out of her reach, until finally he asked her if it was now an acceptable time to leave, and she said yes.
He watched as Hannibal took in the news, and gracefully tried not to look disappointed.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt like he was in school again, being called upon by a teacher who knew he hadn’t been paying attention.
It was just him and Hannibal, just like it had been for years.
The Night We Met - Lord Huron (for Sherlock and John's goodbyes)
He then took a deep breath, and took out the speech he had written down the night before – written on a few pieces of paper whose creases were already worn down from Sherlock opening the papers and folding them back over again.
“I – I’m so sorry, John. I didn’t know –”
“They’re only saying and doing those things because they’re
“Will?” came a voice from the kitchen, and Sherlock was not at all surprised to hear it. “Will?” the voice called again, and Sherlock followed the sound to find Hannibal Lecter Magnussen – now reaching fifty years old – standing before the stove, cooking. At the sound of Sherlock’s arrival, he turned around and grinned at him, pan still in hand. “Will, I thought I heard you come in.” he said warmly.
“Yeah, I’ve got it handled,” Louise agreed, rubbing her arm. “No problem.”
“Why wouldn’t they stop it, then? Whoever’s out there?” John asked.
In September, once Harry started school, John took on working with the Monroe’s again, but only part-time – only when Harry was at school, and only on his better days. They were very lenient about John’s schedule; since Harry had to pass by the Monroe’s home on her walk to school about an hour before John was due in, on days where John woke up before Harry left for school and he felt like he couldn’t go in that day, all he had to do was write a note and Harry would slip it under the door of the Monroe’s on her way to school. In many ways, helping his sister and his boyfriend was so much easier than working as a doctor.
Sherlock looked away from Archie to find Harry at the archery station, and just in time to see Charles Augustus Magnussen striding up behind her. Within seconds, he was just behind her, speaking:
After speaking with Mycroft the day before, John took the longest shower of his life. He sat for two hours under the scorching hot water, scrubbing at his skin so hard it bled in some places, trying to remove the feeling of Magnussen’s touch. He only emerged when Mycroft knocked on the door and alerted him that Sherlock and Harry would be back within the next thirty minutes. When they did return, John had made sure he wasn’t alone with Sherlock at any point, keeping within Mycroft’s line of sight at all times to protect him from the questions he knew Sherlock was dying to ask. But he couldn’t protect himself that night – at night, Sherlock was all he had.
“What happened in there?” John asked, lowly.
And, unfortunately, the words wandered into John’s ears.
strangled
And then it came: Mr. Trevor held three fingers to his mouth, kissed the tips, and raised his hand into the air – the same thing Greg had done to honor the dead – the same thing Sherlock had done to honor John when he was reaped. Mr. Trevor nodded, and John found his voice again.
and I know that you of all people could’ve been some of them. But you
“Let’s just get this over with.”
But finally, Dean took the stage again and asked if there were any more people who would like to speak, and when no one stood, he ended the service with the announcement that there would be a monument built where the training center currently stood, to commemorate all those who had passed because of the Hunger Games and the rebellion. Once the cameras were off, Dean called for a thirty-minute intermission before Mycroft’s service, to allow for Hal to make sure that Mycroft’s service would only be broadcasted to District 12, and so anyone who wanted to could eat lunch.
“I’m definitely going to see if they’ll let me keep it,” he said, turning to the cameras and smiling brightly.
Please send me love and shit :D
Music for this chapter specifically:
It was real, even when he didn’t feel like it was. Sherlock just hoped that, maybe next year, it would feel a little more real than it does, this year. But then again, he hoped for that every year.
she cried, pressing a hand to her heart as she backed away from him. He then looked at her – her dress seemed to be made completely out of artificial irises, and the same irises decorated her curly blonde wig – Sherlock’s curls and John’s color. She was a complete Johnlock ensemble. “You should know I wanted to visit you, I really did, but I had your sister and boyfriend to take care of – I’m sure Mycroft’s explained.”
new! tiktok/musical.ly: sarastarchild
The day was finally here. He was going to see him
“I may need you to save me again,” Sherlock replied without missing a beat, his knuckles touching hers.
“Shut up,” Sherlock chuckled as he weakly shoved her, grinning for the first time in what felt like years.
“Yeah,” Sherlock agreed, and, for a moment, they stood there together, listening as the final note died, leaving them with nothing. “We should get going.”
“My chances are all gone, Aurora. Kill me.”
And finally, for the first time, Sherlock looked out into the audience, and almost instantly felt his throat close in on itself – his vocal chords constricting – and he almost laughed. He had stage fright –
Charles Augustus Magnussen was dead, but that meant it was time for Sherlock Holmes to die.
And then, even though he had been walking with Antonia for the past ten minutes, and even though he knew they were allies, Sherlock ripped her away from John and – within seconds – before he could even notice what he was doing – he had her pinned against the wall, his arm across her neck, glaring at her darkly.
And though it took a grand total of two hours to tell Sherlock everything that Charles Augustus Magnussen did to him and everything that he said, and to answer all of Sherlock’s questions. Of course, they didn’t spend the entire two hours talking – there are multiple occasions where John became so upset that he couldn’t continue, and each time this happened, Sherlock would hug his sobbing boyfriend and ask him if he wanted to continue – and each time Sherlock asked, John shook his head, wiping his tears, and continued. He told Sherlock everything – from the threat to the kiss to the way Magnussen cupped his genital in his hand and licked the side of his face. He even showed Sherlock the burn mark – something Sherlock hadn’t noticed before, for whenever John had taken his shirt off in front of Sherlock, the room had been too dark to see anything. At the end of those two hours, Sherlock knew everything.
But every time Charles Augustus Magnussen appeared on the screen, John’s breath faltered slightly, causing him to take a deep breath in order to catch it again. He grounded himself in his mind – reminded himself he was nowhere near the Arena or the stairwell and that the eldest Magnussen brother was dead – and continued to watch Sherlock and Harry on the screen, refusing to close his eyes or look away.
It was a break, he told him. They would be friends, he told him. If they were better together and in love, they would know and get back together again.
But the gun stayed trained to Sherlock’s forehead –
(See the end of the chapter for
These are the things that came out of those goofy sleep-deprived moments and what happens when me and my best friend are together:
“Yes, this is exactly what it looks like!” Sherlock called out from beside him – obviously also seeing Dean’s expression, as well. “We overslept. Sorry!”
He started to walk in that direction, but, of course, John noticed.
No Light, No Light - Florence + the Machine
“And where are you?”
“Stupid,” he muttered. “As if that’s all there is.”
In a matter of seconds, everyone in Panem would know
Sherlock, John, and Mycroft return to District 12 from the Victory Tour; the four attend the annual harvest ceremony; Sherlock and John plan their escape; the twist for the Quarter Quell is announced.
Dean on the other hand...
“I think he’s pissed.”
“John, this is Dean Bainbridge: the person who won the Hunger Games the year before I did.”
He turned to Sherlock as Harry left.
“Uh –” Sherlock began. What the hell did any of that mean?
Only a few people stopped them on their way through the crowd. A few of Harry’s acquaintances from school approached her, and a few adults who knew Mr. and Mrs. Watson approached both of the Watson children to offer their sympathy, but the first people John truly recognized were Mary Morstan’s parents. They each hugged John, Harry, and Sherlock in turn, whispering their condolences in each of their ears, and for some reason, their words felt so much more to John than anyone else’s, just because they knew what they were going through more than just about anyone in District 12. The Capitol took away their daughter just like they took away John and Harry’s parents and Sherlock’s brother. Mr. and Mrs. Morstan knew that pain just as well as they did.
John needed grounding.
“What kind of demands?”
And that left John wanting to know: did Sherlock really not understand? He was a fucking genius – he knew everything – surely he knew that nothing would ever be the same, after being in the Games. John knew it from the second he won, maybe even before then. Sherlock had seen three of his closest friends and family members go into the Arena and come out alive – he had to have known that just because you go home doesn’t mean things will just go back to the way they were. Too much had changed – Sherlock had changed, the world had changed, people had been lost – just because Sherlock went home it didn’t mean Mycroft would come back to life.
This is what John wished would happen, but this is not true. And who the fuck is Iron Man, anyway?
Zaytoun by Dry the River (for Sherlock realizing he can't be in District 12 anymore)
And because Mrs. Hudson willed it so, there was no other option, and so she became the main consultant of the Holmes-Watson wedding. While Sherlock had been perfectly fine with the original plan of a District 12 wedding – a simple exchange of rings and vows in the comfort of their own home in District 9 with a guest list of four at the most (the four guests being Harry, Louise, Dean, and Alexander) – he really got into the planning process of the Capitol wedding that Mrs. Hudson put herself at the head of. John didn’t really care either way about trivial things about color scheme and seating and flower arrangements, as long as the end result of “marrying Sherlock Holmes” was the same, so Sherlock had first say in many of the decisions, running it by John before giving any final answers. There had only been one thing John was adamant about: the appearance of the purple irises at the wedding. He, understandably, wanted the minimal amount of irises present at the wedding (
“I am, and I hope everyone will find me that way.”
If he didn’t do it now, if he didn’t do it today, he would never be able to do it.
complicated game of chicken,” John said, and finally the two boys met eyes.
In response, Sherlock slowly pressed his lips to John’s – soft and sweet – and rested his forehead on John’s once they parted.
“He seems to like Sherlock – maybe he could –”
“No,” Sherlock shot back, setting his jaw. He’d figure it out later – he’d worry about it later –
If Mycroft wasn’t going to drink what was put in front of him, John wasn’t going to, either.
And of course, once Dean's night is through (and it's a long-ass night for newly-interim President Dean Bainbridge), he finally allows himself to weep, not only for Mycroft, but also for the District 4 victors that also lost their lives (but mostly Mycroft).
“I thought you were.”
“Sherlock! SHERLOCK!”
“How bad is everyone else?” John was the first one to ask.
“Dean,” John cut him off sharply, standing, and Dean looked at John. “I’m asking you to step off,” he said, his voice low.
“No – no no no no no Sherlock –” she gasped, wiping his face of the red rain – blood? – and lightly slapping his cheeks. “Sherlock wake up –”
It was then a person who seemed to be entirely made out of irises jumped into John’s field of vison.
“Fine,” Sherlock replied smoothly. “I’m fine. How are you?”
“It’s okay,” Sherlock whispered back, kissing John softly, and then the movement of the line caught up with them – the horses stepped forward, pulling the chariot behind them, and pulled Sherlock away.
“I’m sorry – I’m sorry –”
Moments after Harry vanished into the jungle, Duncan Smallwood was found, and killed.
Sherlock looked into Hannibal’s bright eyes, and knew he wasn’t kidding.
Music:
Little Lion Man - Mumford and Sons (for Sherlock and John freaking out over the reveal)
She wasn’t speaking to him with pity, but he could feel it coming – if she wasn’t going to start herself, then Daniel would as soon as he entered the house, and then she would mirror his tone and –
A sob escaped him, and Sherlock put his hands over his eyes, trying to hold himself together. He was almost done – he had to finish the speech.
“We do too, Hamish. We do, too,” John agreed. “I can’t believe it’s been another year,” he added, after a moment.
John did not know what helped him, whether it was the snowball fight Sherlock had initiated the night before, or fact that he knew Greg Lestrade never planned to win the Hunger Games, or some combination of the two, but somehow it was easier for him to get through Greg’s speech in District 6:
He never knew where he was going to go when he started out, letting his body and his subconscious direct him wherever they wanted to take him, but he always ended up in a place. He never just stopped in a random street in District 12 or in some nonspecific part of the woods beyond the fence – he always went
He heard the sound of more guns being fired, and immediately threw his body over his brother’s, trying to keep him safe as he shuddered underneath him, but Sherlock felt no pain.
“Well, yeah – a lot of them got to you.”
“He thought maybe they’d try to get them back,” Louise went on.
Potential Mycroft Death Announcment Sentences:
Sherlock Holmes had just threatened to blackmail him.
The moment Caesar revealed the news, the crowd went into hysterics, shouting in rage and shock and booing at Caesar. It was so easy for them – they were citizens of the Capitol – unless they did something outright to rebel against the Capitol, they wouldn’t be punished. They had nothing to lose.
“I missed being here,” John lied, and Clover quickly signed something that Louise had to translate for him:
The odds were so far in her favor that she would’ve still been alive today if Hannibal hadn’t –
They stopped in the direct center of the square, and Mycroft and John hugged both Harry and Sherlock goodbye. John placed his lips on Sherlock’s in an urgent kiss, and then John and Mycroft – District 12’s mentors – walked up onto the stage, where Mrs. Hudson and District 12’s mayor were waiting for them.
Sherlock collapsed to the floor, Dean holding onto him.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied immediately. “It’ll help, talking with people who have been through the same thing you have. I think it’ll help in ways that I can’t.”
Human - Civil Twilight (for Sherlock being afraid of death)
But their pictures weren’t in the sky – Archie Neal’s was, reminding Sherlock of what he had done – the mistake he had made, just a few hours ago.
If only he had known just how much worse it was going to get over the following year.
And then they were in the presence of President Coriolanus Snow.
“You’re sure?” Sherlock asked.
“My name is Mycroft Holmes and this is John Watson, and we’ve been called to a meeting with President Snow,” he informed them as they looked over the invitation.
They had won.
can’t
“That came out wrong – I want to cut my hair,” she announced.
“You wanted to be involved, didn’t you? Come on, lean forward a bit and stick your face out. For William, Harriet. For John.”
“I wasn’t making any faces –”
Instantly, Sherlock caught himself, and pursed his lips, making sure not even air escaped his mouth.
He didn’t want to think too much about that.
“Oh,” Louise muttered. “Great.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but nothing came out. John had said the same thing, right after the two of them had tried and failed to have sex:
A few miles, a refused offer of payment, and one autograph later, Sherlock found himself at his destination: Panem Penitentiary. Standing outside the building, Sherlock could feel himself trembling, and he, operating by force of habit alone, reached up and grabbed the front of his shirt, as if John’s dog tags were still just under the layer of clothing. But they weren’t – they had been inside of a box under a thick layer of dirt for years. A lot of things had changed since the last time Sherlock had even thought about the people within the prison’s walls, Sherlock reminded himself, and then he made his way inside.
Sherlock didn’t want to think about that.
“…I might,” John replied. “I don’t know if this has anything to do with it, but former-President Snow called me and Mycroft in for a meeting that morning. He told us that having two Hunger Games victors in one year was going to cause a rebellion, and then sent Mycroft away and requested that I stayed, where he gave me an ultimatum: I had to choose the winner of the Hunger Games – whether that be Harry or Sherlock, and he insinuated that if I refused to choose, or if I chose Sherlock over Harry, he would kill me instead. At least, that’s what I thought; I found out later that he actually meant my parents. I tried to leave Snow’s mansion to speak to Mycroft, to tell him about his threat, but one of Snow’s Peacekeepers injected me with something to knock me out, and then his Peacekeepers brought me down to the basement under the training center – where the Capitol’s prisoners become Avoxes – and they put me in a special room locked behind a set of keys
But at that point, Sherlock had stopped listening, instead taking a moment to consider Dean’s question. He imagined everyone in Panem, people he never met and never would meet, people who didn’t know him
“Of course, Mr. Holmes.”
When he and Sherlock got together, even before the night before Sherlock’s Hunger Games began, John had written off the possibility of having any sort of sexual relationship with Sherlock. Sherlock seemed to have absolutely no desire in doing anything beyond kissing, only showing an interest the night before his Games, but that was simply to give John a good memory to look back upon when Sherlock was gone. When he and Sherlock started their relationship, John had resigned himself to a life without sex, with only himself to do those sorts of things for him, and he was surprisingly okay with it, especially after coming back from the Arena, but he hadn’t felt the need to really do any of that since…
Even now, he could still practically hear the near shouting match the two boys had the day after the event when Mycroft had tried to show Sherlock the reality of the situation [of Kaden Chase strangling Sherlock], the purple fingerprints still on the boy’s neck.
He repeated it again and again, trying to focus solely on what was in that room, instead of what
He knew where he would go.
“Did I ever tell you that Mycroft threatened me after we started –” John started to say “dating,” but then he realized that the two boys had never legitimately dated, and had instead skipped straight to being in a serious, committed relationship. “– this?” John asked, gesturing to the two of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s in the middle?” Hamish asked.
Mycroft was never coming back.
alright?” John asked, his hands removing themselves from his waistband.
He couldn’t live without Mycroft.
As soon as the announcement was made, it was like John went deaf – Caesar Flickerman and Claudius Templesmith were talking on the screen, and he knew the roar of the viewers in the Capitol’s City Circle below could probably reach the windows of the penthouse and then some, but he couldn’t hear a bit of it.
“We both have a training score of twelve – it turns out that we are the first two tributes to score a twelve simultaneously in one year. Interesting, is it not?”
“I thought...he was Sebastian Moran. I was scared, and I panicked. If I had paid attention – if I had thought for two seconds – I wouldn’t have done what I did. Victor Trevor...was kind, and loyal, and he was always smiling; I always admired him for that. Even despite the circumstances he was friendly to everyone; I found myself wishing we could’ve met outside of the Games, so we could be friends. Real friends, ones that know each other for years and not just a week before...” He took a shaky breath, and continued. “Not a day passes where he doesn’t cross my mind. Even on my way into this District I thought of him; to be honest, I saw him in the grain. He was bright, and beautiful, and full of life. And I’m sorry I took that away from him. I’m sorry that was taken away from him at all, but even more so that I was the one who took it.” He was crying now, but he pushed himself on. “He was forgiving in the end – and that’s not just wishful thinking; I don’t think anyone can forgive me for what I’ve done, even if that’s just outliving their child or sibling or friend... But I really think he forgave me.” He didn’t feel like that was enough – there had to be more he could do – “I...I want to give a month of my winnings to you, every year for as long as I live. I want to do the same for the families of Greg Lestrade, Sally Donovan, Philip Anderson, Molly Hooper, and Mary Morstan.” Their names flowed out of his mouth – the easiest he had ever said them. “These are the lives that have touched me the most; I will never forget a single person in that Arena, but these six people weren’t just my allies – they were my friends, probably some of the greatest friends I’ve ever had. I know it can never replace what I took away from you, but I hope you know how much I...how sorry I am. They were all amazing people. They deserved so much more.”
“In the Capitol,” Sherlock replied, gritting his teeth in anger while saying the words, tears still flowing down his cheeks in a steady stream.
He took a deep, shaky breath, thinking of his own parents, thinking of Mycroft, and finished. “You’re alive. Go spend some time with your families. Because we’re not able to.”
And, before he realized what he was doing, he was screaming – screaming under the water, keeping himself quiet from the world outside. He screamed into the water, and the water flew into his mouth, burning his tongue and his gums and his teeth – his lungs – burning him –
Mycroft then looked John over, as if he had forgotten what he had wanted to say. When he finally met his eyes again, he gave the smallest – and saddest – of smiles, and spoke.
Follow me on instagram @ saraherbertwatson
“Can’t afford to,” Dean said, sounding determined, but Sherlock could tell he was hiding some sort of vulnerability. “Not with everything that needs to be done,” he went on, and suddenly Sherlock understood: Dean was telling the truth, but only partially – he couldn’t bring himself to go into the room where he and his fellow mentors had been living together for the past few days. At least, not with the knowledge of why most of them no longer inhabited the space.
“’Night,” he replied.
But, for the first time ever, John did not want to be kissing him. For the first time ever, the kiss did nothing but remind him of how short Sherlock’s life had been cut – how short
The chance to show everyone exactly who Mycroft was, and what he meant to Sherlock.
“Mycroft, he…he wanted me to ask you to – to marry me,” Sherlock said, and it seemed like, from the way Sherlock was gripping onto John’s hand, that it was taking some amount of physical effort for Sherlock to make sure his words were being spoken slowly enough for them to make sense – so he wouldn’t have to repeat himself. “In the Capitol. On the Victory tour. On Caesar Flickerman’s stage, specifically – during the check-in interview. He – he said it would tie our story up nicely; keep us together, keep us safe. And it would get the Capitol out of our hair, because that’s what they were waiting for us to do next. The faster we were married, the faster the Capitol would leave us alone.”
“Come here,” he murmured, just loud enough for Sherlock alone to hear, and wrapped him in his arms.
All at once, the mourners – the past victors and their families – the survivors – began to stand up, tittering to each other quietly, hugging and offering support, leaving the room, as Sherlock felt a weight drop into his stomach.
“Now, an outline of the next few days,” Dean went on. “We lost a lot of people in the Battle For Panem, including twenty-eight previous Hunger Games victors and countless others throughout the nation, so tomorrow I planned a memorial service, of sorts, to commemorate those who had lost their lives during this fight for freedom.” As soon as Dean had announced the amount of mentors who had been lost, it seemed as if everyone looked around the group, making a mental count of who was left, and Sherlock did, too.
And then...
“I can’t like John – I
“How the fuck could they do this?!” he yelled, waving the paper, as if Dean wouldn’t have known what he was referring to. “They
My Understandings - Of Mice & Men (for how John feels about Sherlock)
“Locker Three – over there –”
Breathing was getting hard – his legs were starting to hurt – but he kept running – he had to keep Archie safe – find Harry – and –
Hamish turned and pointed at the wall of names.
mYCROFT SAT ALONE IN HIS ROOM, CRYING AND MUSHING CAKE INTO HIS FACE, CRYING ABOUT HIS BABY BROTHER'S LOST BUTTGINITY AND THE FACT THAT HE HAD TO THINK ABOUT THAT WHEN LESTRADE ARRIVED WITH A RAKE
I have no idea how the Avox stairs coincide with the regular elevator, or how anybody gets on and off the roof.
With that single motion, with just the feeling of the fabric on his skin, he was suddenly transported back to his home, back to a time where Mycroft was alive and well – those hot August days when he’d waltz around the house in nothing but his bedsheets, even answering the door for John in said sheet. There were so many times where he had pissed Mycroft off enough for him to step on the sheet and leave him naked, but he never did it while John was around, thankfully. Sherlock would call his bluff, of course, but Mycroft never carried through.
“But if nobody wanted him – if he made sure that nobody wanted him – why did you two –” Sherlock asked, after a moment, after he had calmed down enough to find his voice.
But, in that moment, Sherlock was able to strike the match in his hand, and carry the thought to his mouth.
God, is this what John felt like when Charles Augustus looked at him?
Sherlock scoffed.
John snapped his head over to the mayor, and found everyone was quiet, staring – waiting for him. As he fumbled for his Capitol-issued index card, he was for once glad he could not see Mycroft’s expression. As John felt the heat of embarrassment inch its way up his neck and spread across his face, he rushed through his speech.
“Ah,” she said, nodding. “Probably just checking in. He was Mycroft’s best friend, after all – it’s kind of in the unofficial rules of being best friends that you have to look after their siblings if they can’t.”
Sherlock swallowed the food that was in his mouth. “Well, if you
“‘Course I can walk,” John muttered, and began to limp out of the cell, and Mycroft fell into step beside him.
in which Sara answers questions about Sentiment (and about their own life)
“No, go ahead,” she replied.
“Indeed,” he replied. “The Grand Finale.”
As they joined them, they could hear Antonia speaking to Alexander.
“I think he knew, though, after everything,” Dean went on. “I mean, it’s Mycroft – he’s a Holmes, of course he knew. Really, if I’m honest…I think he took advantage of that – he knew that I’d say yes to whatever he asked.”
“Then let me be an idiot, would you?” Sherlock asked, wearily. He closed his eyes for his make-up artist. “Let me be an idiot and let me refuse this,” he begged quietly.
I don't think I'll
“You said something about a meeting, and considering that someone from District One was calling you, not just anyone but the brother of the girl who lived next door to the Magnussen brothers – which, geographically, made her an easy target – it wasn’t a very difficult leap to make,” Sherlock explained, shrugging, and John nodded, because really, he shouldn’t have been at all surprised.
“Wait a second,” Sherlock finally said, snapping out of his mind and into the present.
That was the last really good day Sherlock and John had. They had other good days, of course – a whole three months’ worth.
“Sorry about that.”
“No one like him,” Dean deadpanned, looking around the room, taking it in one last time.
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupted, not really wanting to hear what John wanted to say, for they were technically still in the middle of a fight about whatever had happened the day before.
“Fifty-nine,” Sherlock supplied, and John repeated it.
“I need to know –”
He checked his watch. He had half an hour until the interview. He had time.
Harriet Catherine Watson stumbled through the jungle, the weight of Sherlock on her back. Her sight was growing worse and worse by the second, images swirling and spinning and making absolutely no sense at all. Her head felt like it had dislocated itself from her body as she moved – like her eyes and her mind couldn’t keep up with the rest of her…
Only one person was able to drag John out of the bubble – the bubble of immense relief that had surrounded him, because he felt the same amount of relief. That person was Mycroft Holmes, and that was only after placing his hand on John’s shoulder and calling his name for a second time.
“They didn’t know you and Mycroft were to be interviewed – they’re working on your suits – What’s this?”
Charles Augustus manipulates the remaining Careers into fighting each other as the final five becomes the final three; John finally gives Mycroft the details of what happened to him in the stairwell; Mycroft shares a secret with John.
“Yeah, he did,” John replied, vaguely remembering that conversation.
At this, Sherlock let out a sharp chuckle.
There were also nights, occasionally, at first, but more and more often as the months went on, where John would wake up in the middle of the night to find Sherlock missing from his place beside him, having retreated to his brother’s bed. John never had to check; after listening for a few minutes to the quiet of the house, he could make the deduction on his own. He didn’t think Sherlock knew that he was aware of it, though, for John would always wake up in the morning with Sherlock sleeping next to him, again, as if he had been there the whole time – as if he was trying to keep it a secret. So, John never mentioned it, and neither did Sherlock, and that was fine.
he asked, astounded.
“I’ll see you in five minutes,” Sherlock promised, looking at both of the Watson siblings in turn, and the two surviving Watsons took their leave from the foyer, walking down the hallway that Dean had pointed them in the direction of.
Sherlock felt his stomach twist inside itself with guilt. She wasn’t just going to lose a friend...she was going to lose a brother, too.
“Oh, and there goes Sebastian Wilkes, a fine kill by Charles Augustus Magnussen! And Julia Waters and Robin Heaney are still going at it – oh!
he thought, and then he spoke aloud.
“I know it has. You’ve barely slept.”
John’s first thought was that Hannibal did not die in last night’s battle.
She was cornered by a woman in a pink and black jumpsuit and long, black hair. The other woman had obviously surprised Harry, based on the fact that Harry was on the ground, bow and arrow in hand, aimed at the woman’s head.
“Welcome back, John!” Dean called as they approached.
“Damnit – and I tried to have
with the
“About four in the morning. Does – does John not know you’re here?” she asked, finally asking the one question that Sherlock expected her – expected anyone who might’ve happened to catch Sherlock out like this – to ask, and he shook his head.
No. No Morphling. The Capitol had been insistent that he bring some home with him when he left, so he hid it somewhere Sherlock would never think to look, and if he did think to look there, he’d be too embarrassed to do so: in the back of John’s underwear drawer. This was the first time John had thought of the Morphling since hiding it, and he quickly banished the thought – there was no way he was turning to drugs, even if Sherlock hadn’t formed an addiction years ago. The cold water would have to do.
“It’s not Alexander,” Sherlock replied, and John nodded, putting the phone to his ear.
Mycroft gave him another tight-lipped smile, and adjusted his pack’s straps on his brother’s shoulders. Mycroft then checked his watch.
Sherlock took a second to think about it.
“No,” Dean cut Sherlock off, shaking his head. “Don’t you see? You and your brother – you’re more human than most people.”
Sherlock’s days of watching people die were over. Now that he knew his family was safe – and would forever be safe – he could really, truly live. And for the first time in a while, for the first time since he and John were kids, Sherlock Holmes felt absolutely brilliant.
He should’ve been happy – Harry’s victory was just solidified – for the first time he didn’t have to worry about her not making it home – he should’ve been
“Very,” Charles Augustus replied, a sly smile on his face.
The Peacekeeper, stunned, made for the handgun in his holster, but before his fingers could even brush the handle, Mycroft punched him in just the right place, causing the man to fall to the ground. Mycroft withdrew a sharp breath through his teeth as he surveyed his knuckles for broken skin, then reached down and stole his pistol and his handcuffs from his belt. He straightened up, pointing the gun at the man, ice in his eyes.
Music for this chapter:
Much to his surprise, so did Mycroft’s by dinner time.
Harry wiped her eyes – she had been silently crying as they walked down the halls of the Justice Building – and hugged Sherlock again.
"Yes, Mister Holmes?" Anthea asked, peeking her head into the doorway.
“But his sister – his sister is refusing to go on if she doesn’t see him – it’ll just be for a minute, sir –”
John shook his head again. He had. He had made it home, directly over Sally Donovan’s body. And God did he hate himself for it.
“That’s amazing.”
“Hi, John,” she said as John shook her hand.
After reaching District Twelve, getting dolled up by the prep team, having dinner with the Mayor Undersee, and making the final speech, the Victory Tour was officially over. The next day was the Harvest Festival, which was normally a small celebration any other year, but since the Capitol was throwing the party this year because of John’s victory, it would be an all-out event. When John woke up the next morning, he first took a few moments to relish in the fact that he was in his own bed, and he could hear Sherlock’s quiet, slow breathing beside him, instead of the roar of the train travelling. He considered just staying in his room for the day – he didn’t need to make an appearance, really. The Harvest Festival wasn’t about John, it was about family. In the end, that’s what got John out of bed; other than a brief conversation the night before, he hadn’t had any communication with his family for the past two weeks.
Because every question they had at that moment would undoubtedly be answered as soon as Hannibal reached the podium.
One day, twenty hours, thirty-five minutes, and fifty-six seconds.
Sherlock and Archie listened to the cannons burst in rapid succession, one right after the other. Archie kept count, saying the words slowly out loud, like the teachers at school always did with the toddlers.
, which “featured” a
, John was in trouble, and they had to find him.
There was nothing for a moment, and then they heard Harry speak again, just barely through the distance between them.
“But if he pulls what you pulled today and asks another question without asking me permission, I can’t help you.”
It was intense
These were the boys that Mycroft knew of, but Sherlock refused to give him their names. These were the boys that Sherlock, almost in another life, had deduced secrets about and shared them publicly, to their faces, just to show off. These were the boys that were the reasons why Sherlock, years and years ago, had been so afraid of the idea of spending even a single night in District 12’s Community Home. They had beaten him to a pulp countless times, threatening to kill him – they hated him outright – and Sherlock was sure that the Games and the Rebellion wouldn’t have done a thing to change their feelings.
“That’s a bad word!” Archie called.
Sure, John wanted to go out and find the man who provided Sherlock the drug, but not for the reason Sherlock wanted him to. He was able to keep this part of him quiet, the part of him that wanted to punch walls when angry, the part of him that gritted his teeth at any sign of injustice, the part of him that had growled at Jim Moriarty not to speak Sherlock’s name in his Arena, the part of him that had found the strength to kill Jim Moriarty after that. The first time Sherlock had mentioned the man’s name, begging John for his help, he was saddened more than anything, that his addiction and withdrawal had reduced him to this; the second time he had said it, it annoyed John more than anything else.
John couldn’t bear to look at her, to see the question in her eyes.
He didn't speak to anyone, at first. Nearly everyone tried to get John to open up, but John only opened up to the ones who didn't try.
years!
John was now watching a redheaded Avox clean the dining room table – someone he had recognized from the train ride to the Capitol the last time he had made the trip there. Sherlock turned his attention to the girl – to who they should’ve been.
“I’m sorry to wake you, Sherlock, but we have a situation,” Dean whispered in lieu of an actual greeting.
again
And suddenly, he was writing what he felt on the page:
Sherlock runs away from home; Sherlock runs into a person he had forgotten.
“And he
“What? Dramatic? Talking in code like they’re keeping fifteen thousand secrets from the world?”
But something in Mycroft’s voice told John that he knew exactly what would have happened to Sherlock.
John looked from Antonia’s eyes to the knife in her hand down to his own clammy hands, trying to decide whether or not he would like to hurt Hannibal. He had hurt Will Graham, yes, but John had also hurt people to survive the Games. Hannibal had also enabled his brother do unspeakable things to countless amounts of girls and was in full support of his brother having “exclusive rights” to John, whatever that had meant. But, if given the choice, if given the
“Hm.”
And at first it seemed like everyone was apprehensive to get into the deeper side of Hannibal that everyone knew he possessed, until one of the more recent victors of the Hunger Games took to the podium to ask her question:
answers and the answers his teachers
“I couldn’t...bring myself to say it.”
I'm sick as balls and I threw up today, so here have a chapter.
John watched Sherlock as he flipped through John’s abandoned mentor manifesto, remembering the last time either of them had picked up the book: almost two weeks ago, when they were in this very room, but their positions were reversed; Sherlock was standing in the doorway to the bathroom, and John was in bed with the manifesto.
“Well?”
me,” Sherlock promised. “Neither of you will ever believe me when I say this, but I think he wanted me to be his friend,” he revealed, watching his two friends carefully – gauging their reactions.
He hadn’t noticed, though, that John Watson had stood up as soon as Sherlock had gotten off the stage, and met him halfway back to his seat.
“I know,” John replied, quietly, and she grabbed the knife by the hilt and pressed the blade against her stomach over her clothes, right above her navel.
“I don’t like it; it ages you,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“Well it’s stupid –“ John began, but cut himself off at the arrival of Mrs. Hudson, who went on about unimportant things, ending their conversation.
wasn’t even ready. “I have some unfortunate news that needs to be addressed.”
He shook his head, quickly. It would never happen again; it couldn’t.
“Why half-steps?” John asked, watching his feet.
“Do you need –” John began to ask, watching him closely, and Sherlock shook his head.
I might even get a girlfriend, in the meantime, who knows?
John’s hands were sweating as he watched Sherlock quickly climb up the nearest tree and make his way to Robert Frankland as quietly as possible, crossing the distance between trees using their branches. He could do it – Sherlock had the ability to climb the trees beyond the fence in District 12 with agility and grace, and there were too many times throughout their friendship where Sherlock had appeared at John’s side out of nowhere, without a sound, not to mention the fact that Robert was turned away from Sherlock and had about six thousand tracker jackers buzzing in his ears. But it wasn’t Sherlock’s sneaking technique that was the problem – it was the time limit.
“Sherlock? Are you gonna be okay?”
“I’m sure you know that this knife was used in Hannibal Lecter Magnussen’s Arena,” she said. “He used one of these to kill Will Graham.”
“We’re gonna go swimming!” John announced, pulling off his socks and tucking them in his shoes. “What does it look like?”
Harry Watson nearly launched herself into John’s arms, and he picked her up, just as they had done as kids. Once she was back on the ground, she tucked her face into his shoulder, and he tucked his face into hers. The hug felt like it went on for hours, but when they finally did let go of one another, Harry waved an anxious Sherlock over, and he joined them, making it a proper reunion.
Just as they were about to draw each other’s blood, trumpets sounded, and the clouds above them broke apart.
“I know,” she whispered back to him. “I know.”
Louise shook her head in response, and John would be lying if he said he didn’t see tears in her eyes. “I’m still not entirely sure yet.”
All of their blood on his hands, when none of them had to die. He would never be clean of it – he would never be free of it.
And maybe, without all the reminders, Sherlock would have forgotten.
It was ten seventeen.
“John Watson.”
Except, Sherlock realized with a wave of panic rushing over him, she wasn’t. He was alone in the hospital room, and Harry was nowhere to be seen.
In fact, now that he thought about it – now that he
“No. I earned it.”
, he reminded himself, and pressed the needle into his arm.
Charles Augustus Magnussen was wrong. Maybe, just maybe, he’d be wrong about who would win the Hunger Games, too.
“Y-Yes,” he finally breathed, but the word felt wrong in his mouth. Maybe he wasn’t hurt? He tried out a different reply. “No –”
“Answer yes or no: were you going to use this on John Watson?” he asked, showing the vials close to the man’s face. “Were you going to hijack John Watson?”
“John! John Watson!” she called, trying to catch up with him.
“Harriet Watson –” John started, his voice gaining a father-like tone that Harry hated him using on her.
Once there was only one person left, John and Harry stood up and began to make their way down the aisle to where Dean was standing.
“How are you doing?” John asked, after a moment.
“Are you sure you don’t want to talk about it?” Mycroft tried once more, very quietly, and Sherlock quickly shook his head.
“He’s going to kill me tomorrow, John,” she said, sadly.
Mycroft led John to a room that contained a large screen, and something that looked like bleachers with lush leather seats as opposed to metal benches.
“What about Sherlock and Mycroft?” Harry asked.
There was another rustle from behind him – another one after that, forty-five degrees from the last one, another shadow, then another rustle –
Good Grief by Bastille
“William, do you not like your name?”
As he said these last words, he glanced up at Sherlock, and it took everything within him to hold his gaze. The look in his eyes wasn’t accidental –
It was at that point that he, while walking, checked out his Capitol-issued inventory:
“The same as you, considering we’ve all done what was necessary to win the Hunger Games.”
“Thank you,” he said, and looked back down at John. “I’ll see you on the stage.” He then nodded goodbye to them both, and placed his hand on the doorknob, but then he paused and turned around once more. “And John?”
John stopped pacing and looked at Mycroft – the brother of his best friend – the brother of his boyfriend –
Finally.
One More Day - Lydia (for Sherlock in John's room)
forgive me.”
“So, we can use this to our advantage,” Sherlock replied. “If we can keep our sectors divided, he might think we’re separated. If I go to the feast and find Magnussen right now, only our two sectors will combine. If I go into his sector, he might think I went in there unwittingly, and try to find me – Harry – I could end this –”
Despite the fact that Sherlock and Harry were a mere fifty feet away, he didn’t want to let go of Mrs. Hudson. Because, if he did, it would mean he would have to get up on that stage, and choose between Sherlock Holmes and Harry Watson. And he couldn’t do that – he had tried to do it before and he couldn’t, letting Sherlock make the choice before him – and he still couldn’t imagine doing so, now.
“Does John know?”
“...Fifty-nine in the morning.” He looked up. “That means –”
It was only then Sherlock slowly stood up, and casually made his way up the hill. Seconds after Sherlock had joined John under the cover of the trees, the beam of light passed over the place he had previously occupied.
But then he raced to the bathroom, heaving up his lunch into the toilet, and leaving him retching into the bowl, painfully waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“Would that be easiest?” Sherlock asked, and John found himself shaking his head.
dark. It was touched upon in chapter 24 of Constantly, but that's as far as it goes.
“Mycroft was…equal parts logical and detached, and awed and terrified,” she said, grinning. “He deduced the potential due date and he refused to put his hand on my stomach to feel Myc kick, but…once I started showing – once I
“Am I acceptable to you as an adversary?” Sherlock asked, not even realizing the words were coming out of his mouth until it was too late.
He looked up at John, daring him to say that it was going to be alright or that he could do this. Because it wasn’t going to be alright and he
“Elder or younger?” he asked darkly.
“LET THEM!” Sherlock roared in a voice that John had never heard before – in a voice that genuinely scared him.
specifically.”
“Probably the same way I was able to leave my recovery room to go find Harry a few hours later,” Sherlock replied, shrugging. “The point is that he
“What’s the protocol for today?” John asked Mycroft as cover-up was applied to the shadows under his eyes.
If she died, it was his fault – it was all his fault –
My twitter: saraherbiwatson
“I do believe you heard me, Harriet. Can I flick your face?” he repeated, already raising his hand towards her, as if she had already given him the okay.
Sherlock woke up the next morning incredibly uneasy – more uneasy than he should’ve been for the morning of the first day of group training. The morning was normal – or, as normal as it could be considering where they were. The four ate breakfast together and Sherlock and John went through their morning routines together, the whole time Sherlock trying to figure out why the hell he was so nervous.
“Because Mycroft can’t be, and you’re under his protection from Hannibal Lecter Magnussen.”
AT 221B Mycroft knocked on the door. There was a moment of silence, and then.
“I don’t care what you have to say. I have killed more people than you ever have all before the age of seventeen, which was younger than you were when you even considered Peacekeeping as a career choice. I am not afraid of you. For your own physical safety do not speak, do not indulge in any non-verbal signals suggestive of internal thought. Just. Scuttle.”
He was wrong – Mrs. Hudson was wrong. Victory Tour or not, John was not happy. John wanted the numbness to last all throughout the tour – so he wouldn’t have to feel a thing.
John felt the pain in his chest, right where Magnussen had burned him, branded him –
The meeting with Sherlock – their five minutes unsupervised – was Hannibal’s last saving grace. It was his last chance –
The next man, William Smallwood, was about five years older than Anthony, and as soon as he said that he was from District 11, there was a pang of sorrow in John’s chest: his younger siblings, Elizabeth and Jonathan, were both going into the Arena. After him, he introduced another woman who was obviously high on Morphling, Clara Knapp from District 6, whose older sister, Grace, was going into the Arena.
“And you came anyway,” Magnussen said, stepping forward, and Sherlock glanced quickly at the ground, making sure he was behind the designated yellow line. “Are we no longer on a first-name basis?” he asked, changing the subject, slightly disappointed.
“Yes. Yes, of course, Sherlock,” he whispered. “Of course I will.”
tributes slip by them in
“Erm, are you sure, Mr. Holmes?” he asked. “This is –”
Sherlock needed another hit of morphling, and he needed it
“I’m going to let you in on a secret, John,” he announced.
“Oh, shut up,” Mycroft groaned, unconcerned by the Peacekeeper’s threats and commands as he approached him and, all while keeping the straight-faced glare he had worn since entering the room, he grabbed the gun’s barrel between them and quickly disarmed him without a word.
“You – are
Sherlock Holmes sprinted through the jungle, sword in hand, cutting and pushing leaves and vines aside, racing his way to Harry, knowing that every second he wasn’t there was a second wasted – a second he could be killing her –
Once Sherlock saw John waving at him, he walked over to them, saying hello to Louise (who must have arrived while he was gone), and sat next to John, and before either of them could speak, before John could ask him what Dean wanted or for Sherlock to ask what he had missed, Dean walked out from the backstage area onto the stage.
“Okay. Good.”
Apparently the problem with making a first chapter and then just putting notes in it and then replacing it with a REAL chapter is that nobody gets told because it counts as an edit. Even though it's NOT. So here's Chapter Two as well so people actually get told about Constantly being a thing.
“I want to say good-bye to John Watson.”
Harry didn’t reply, continuing to look him in the eye, glaring at him as if looks alone could kill and flinching on instinct with each flick of her face.
And then Sherlock was screaming –
As soon as Mycroft had left the room, the door closed behind him, Sherlock tore open the envelope and unfolded the piece of paper, and read John Watson’s words:
“Yes, we do, actually – can you get the gel and start putting it on the swelling from the tracker jackers?”
“About this? The dancing?” John asked, smirking.
know you
John nodded quickly, letting go of Mycroft and shaking himself out from under Mycroft’s hands. He took a moment to look around the room, trying to recover, and his eyes landed on the television screen, where Aurora Blake’s death was being announced.
rights to you. I can so easily make it look like you went into hiding after the deaths of your sister and boyfriend, you know, and only we’ll know the truth.” He watched John, gauging a reaction, and chuckled. “I must say, I just
Harry looked how he imagined he looked – pale faced, ready to throw up right then and there. His eyes traveled down to her hands, and saw that she was gripping onto Sherlock’s hand, and he followed the link between them up to Sherlock’s face.
“Charles Augustus Magnussen!” he called as he walked, and the brothers turned toward him – Charles Augustus grinning from ear to ear.
“So, you too, then?” she asked, as soon as the doors were closed, and John looked at her, confused.
He needed morphling for everything, these days, and there was a small part of him that hated it, but the closest he got to quitting the stuff was the evening he was reading Mycroft’s notebooks and found the entry in which Mycroft found out about the first time Sherlock was using:
, indeed. But, in the end, it’s your decision, isn’t it?” He then looked up at John, a smile in his eyes.
“I told you that you wouldn’t believe me,” Sherlock deadpanned.
triggered, just a couple of hours before the final interview. My question is if you happened to know what might’ve triggered him to change the plan?”
Hamish is gay, Rosamund is straight.
And he was right – now that he had said it, Sherlock could tell he was struggling to make his words sound just as articulate as they used to be, but only someone who listened to Hannibal everyday – or someone like Sherlock – could truly notice the difference on their own. Sherlock looked Hannibal up and down, and noticed he was also having difficulty standing on his own two feet, but, as evident by the empty chair in his cell, his pride wouldn’t let him speak to Sherlock while seated.
Amanda Hawkins. Clover Frankland. In the foyer of the Training Center.
“And what about the kids? I mean, I can’t imagine him being much of a father, but...”
“John. Ground yourself,” he heard a voice behind him – Sherlock Holmes' voice – and John started speaking.
“I’m not choosing between the love of my life and my little sister,” John cut in, his eyes shooting daggers across the table as he glared at Snow. Only a small part of him noticed that this was the first time he had thought of Sherlock as the love of his life, and for a second he wondered if it was just the stress of the moment speaking for him, just as it had when the idea of loving Sherlock was first introduced last year, but as soon as the thought crossed his mind he knew with his whole heart that it was true.
“He’s alive!” Mycroft cried.
Within seconds, they were in a full-out squabble, both of them trying to gain or keep control of Sherlock’s Morphling drip.
“Controlled usage is not usually fatal,” Sherlock mumbled.
And Mycroft was dead – Mycroft was dead –
Sherlock put his hand out to Harry to help her up. “I have an idea.”
Two tributes – Janine Hawkins and Robert Frankland – were on either side of him. There was a small platform in front of Sherlock, just out of reach, that held a sword – Mycroft’s sword, or so it looked like. Everywhere – surrounding him on all sides – was water, rocking and swaying and licking the sides of Sherlock’s platform.
But, for the time being, Harry had saved him. Or she was saving him. Or both.
“Mycroft is the name my mother gave me; I wish he’d make the struggle to the end,” he muttered, then looked up at him. “I’m being summoned,” he said with a shrug, trying to disguise how happy he was that he was being dragged away from Hannibal Lecter Magnussen.
“Why not Alexander?” John asked.
But she kept walking, she kept carrying Sherlock, because he was her best friend, and she wasn’t going to let him die – not like this – not in the Hunger Games Arena, attacked by a swarm of tracker jackers.
After grabbing John’s prosthetic from the closet, he made his way back to John, who rolled up the extra fabric of his pants as soon as he saw Mycroft returning with it in hand.
Sherlock tried as hard as he could not to look at John’s torso, but his eyes still accidentally dusted over it anyway as he finally made eye contact with John.
“If you’re old enough to be reaped, you’re old enough to work, according to Snow,” Louise went on, rolling her eyes.
“Well, you may have to explain that to Dean – I don’t think he’s very happy with you, either.”
John’s heart immediately broke for Clover upon hearing the names of the fallen from District Ten – it broke for everyone in that room. None of these people deserved any of this, but this is what they all got. Watching everyone mourn for so many different people was so much worse than mourning on his own – but, at the same time, it felt better to mourn with all of these people, instead of by himself. All of these people knew exactly how he felt. But that didn’t mean it wasn’t still breaking his heart. And, glancing over at Sherlock, who was absolutely in pieces beside him, John knew that his heart was going to break again – break worse than it had ever been broken before – very, very soon.
He tried the next code he could see: 2212.
“What do you mean?” Harry asked.
As the timer ticked down, an announcement came over the intercom.
They did not speak until they were getting ready for bed – when John was already finished and Sherlock was brushing his teeth:
Next to him, Harry squeezed his hand, and Sherlock tore his eyes away from John’s to meet Harry’s. She didn’t say anything, just gave him a tearful smile, and Louise reached across Harry to squeeze Sherlock’s hand, too, before returning her attention to her parents.
“I found three – it messed me up real bad but I couldn’t...you were dying and they were taking you away and I had to stop them and I couldn’t even...”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked.
“Yeah?”
“It is!” Jim replied.
“No,” Sherlock muttered, cutting her off. “Humans.”
“I know.”
“Yes,” John replied without a second thought, and Sherlock went over to the group, out of earshot to talk to them. An Avox boy, about the same age as himself, stepped forward and nodded when Sherlock asked him a question, and nodded again as Sherlock asked another, and then he was back, interlacing his fingers into John’s hand as soon as he touched him.
Finally, they approached a door at the end of a long, empty hallway.
At the mention of Mycroft’s family, it seemed like everyone turned in their seats to look at Sherlock, but Sherlock kept his eyes on Dean.
– in order to release the book. If he could miss it, he would.
“Alright – that’s fine – perfect,” Sherlock said, and with that, Hannibal made his way to where Dean had previously stood at the podium.
Please leave a comment! I miss hearing from everyone :(
As soon as Alexander got John’s hands free, John brought his hands to his front and rubbed at his wrists, and then, as if they were waiting for that moment, his prep team seemed to appear out of nowhere, and started making his face stage-presentable, adding makeup and fixing his hair. Mrs. Hudson kept talking the whole time as if nothing was happening.
“This must’ve been Alexander,” Mycroft noted.
“I won’t.”
“How the hell –?”
“Hello, John. You couldn’t sleep either, I see?” he asked.
And just like that, Sherlock and Harry were whisked away and prepped and dressed for their first public appearance since the Games. Unfortunately, before Sherlock could steal himself away to secretly check John’s room for his boyfriend, they were all stuffing themselves into the elevator and making the decent down, to be on national television once again. And, despite everything Sherlock had gone through in the past four days, his stomach still began to churn as soon as the elevator started moving.
The crows back home in District 12 were cowards compared to the crows he now faced. Sherlock remembered chasing after them as a child – he couldn’t get within five feet of them without them flying away as if the world were ending. But
But Harry Watson would be there, too.
“Sherlock!” Harry called, and Sherlock never felt so relieved to hear her voice. He could see her now, too – he could finally make out her form in the fog as he crossed the border between them –
“Yeah,” John breathed.
“They don’t stop, not really,” Mycroft informed him solemnly. “You can pretend that they stopped, but none of it ever really goes away.”
John watched Mycroft Holmes as he watched the reapings. Mycroft knew the past victors better than anyone else on that train did; assuming the siblings were anything like past victors, Mycroft would know if there were any wild cards or red flag players to be wary of.
And suddenly, John didn’t want to think about it, either.
William Wiggins won’t be going anywhere, now!”
John was glad that Sherlock had listened – that he had dropped it, but something inside of him wanted Sherlock to keep pushing – to keep trying to get John to say something – because maybe, just maybe, then John might have.
They had won the Hunger Games –
“Yeah?”
“This place must be a dream come true for you,” the man continued as Sherlock found the knob for the Morphling and turned it all the way up. “They actually attach the drugs to you.”
“He did everything he could to protect me and all I did was make fun of him –” Sherlock whispered, panicking, running his hands through his dark curls –
When John came back on the five o’clock train Saturday evening, without much of an announcement, the decision seemed to make itself, fitting itself into John’s routine: John would continue going to the meetings; become part of the support group. And he did – he attended every meeting, offering support and hearing everyone’s stories.
Sherlock kept a watchful eye on John’s face as he got into position, and asked for consent to pull down John’s pants and underpants before doing so, but John still asked what Sherlock was doing the moment Sherlock looked away – the moment before Sherlock’s lips touched one of the only parts of John he had never touched before. Sherlock found this amusing and adorable, until he realized that John may not actually want what Sherlock was willing to give, especially considering that the last time anyone had touched the place Sherlock now wanted to put his mouth on, it was in the training center’s stairwell and without John’s consent.
Sherlock gripped onto the dog tags under the wetsuit. Whatever it was, John had Mycroft watching over him. Whatever it was, John was safe from it.
So he was a little more than surprised when he opened the door to find –
“Don’t touch me –” Sherlock spat, rearing backwards, away from Hannibal’s touch.
“The Ravenstag’s following him,” John recapped as Mycroft stepped out, wearing a grey suit, a blue sash that matched John’s, and a top hat. “Is that the hat Louise was talking about?”
The final interview with Caesar was going well, as far as Sherlock could tell. To be honest, though, he wasn’t really paying attention to the interview at all. Yes, he was giving all the right reactions in all the right places – laughing when Caesar told a joke, getting to the verge of tears when he was asked about his relationship with Louise after Archie’s death and about John’s assault – but all he could really focus on was John.
John thought about Sherlock and Harry – they’d both definitely try and do exactly that if they had known that John was in trouble. In fact, Sherlock and Harry would probably have killed the Peacekeeper who had taken John’s leg to keep him from escaping...
Mycroft Holmes went dead.
The two tributes at the Tracker Jacker hive.
“You alright, John?”
Talk Me Down - Troye Sivan
“He’s just a boy – not even a child yet – you’re putting a
Yes, Hamish was young, but he was also smart – he could possibly understand.
“Living with someone who wants to become a doctor has its perks,” Harry said with a shrug.
“Right,” John said, nodding.
There were three previous victors from District Nine to meet them – five in all, but two of them had passed. One was in his early forties, with a few missing fingers and nightmares that still haunted him every night; the second one was in her late twenties, her hair cropped short since her waist-long hair almost cost the woman her life in her Arena; the third one, though, was only a year older than John – last year’s winner of the Games, Sherlock realized moments before Mycroft introduced them.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered back, and John nodded.
“Remember –” he had started, after Harry had left the lobby, leaving them alone to say their goodbyes.
It was today, he realized as three Peacekeepers filed into his bedroom – two guarding the door, and one presenting Sherlock with a white shirt, white sweatpants, and white briefs to get changed into.
“What’s a memory-all?” Hamish asked, and Sherlock lifted him off of his shoulders and set him down in front of him, getting down to his level.
John went on, fidgeting as he spoke, but Sherlock stopped paying attention once he caught sight of a light – of the sun bouncing off of something on his hand – a ring on his finger –
Sherlock gripped onto John’s hand, and beside Sherlock, Harry held onto his other hand – both of which were trembling in their grasps, his knuckles white with how tightly he was holding on. They all knew what the final name would be, and they desperately tried to mentally prepare themselves for it.
He cleared the fabric of his wetsuit away from the wound and, one at a time, ripped a bandaid open with his teeth and used the sticky adhesive to bring the lower part of his wound up to the other side, bridging the gap between the two sides of the wound. He applied five bandaids this way, pulling and fastening and hoping it worked, being careful not to let the bandaids touch, because if one fell off, then the rest of it would fall apart, too.
John watched Harry Watson on the large outdoor screen as she waved off large, black crows as they nipped her shoulders and the back of her head and neck in sector six. She had tried to ignore them as best as she could, but her patience was quickly wearing thin.
“You didn’t have to do that,” John said, but Mycroft shrugged.
angry, my brother can be significantly worse than he promises the East Wind can be.”
“I have been forgiving over these past few months; the moment this year’s Quell was announced I was in an anger so deep it rotted me, and I hated it. I forgave a lot of people for their part in this play. I forgave my parents for giving birth to Sherlock; they didn’t know what was to become of him. I forgave the little girl who carried the box of cards; she doesn’t understand these Games just yet. I forgave myself for winning the Games in the first place; I had no idea what I would be putting my brother through, for at the time I had just wanted to return home to protect him. I had no idea I would be damning him to this hell in the process. There are a few people who I cannot forgive, and I feel we all know who they are.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“This oughta be good,” she muttered.
am I supposed to say to that?” he asked, outraged.
“No,” John whispered, and Mycroft found his hand and squeezed it tightly.
Louise fills Sherlock, Harry, and John in on the deaths of the rebellion; Sherlock makes a decision; Sherlock and John have a private reunion.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hated thinking like this – it made him feel like he did after Mrs. Watson had told him that his mother had not been murdered but had killed herself, like he was just creating dramas in his head to distract him from the perils of reality – but he felt like this was true. He had been bad mouthing the Capitol since he knew how to talk – it was about time it had come back to bite him in the ass. Some days, depending on how deeply he was sure this was what was actually happening, he thought the Capitol had tried to teach him to obey them since Mycroft was reaped into the Games, and they had tried to teach him again by putting John in the Games eight years later. But Sherlock hadn’t learned – he had planned to take John away from this – and the Capitol wasn’t going to let that happen. They were done trying to teach him; they wanted to get to the source. They were going to kill him – they could’ve just taken him and killed him privately, but they wanted to make sure he suffered, and that everyone around him suffered, so they sentenced him to hell. Harry was just a pawn in their scheme, and, since this was Sherlock’s fault in the first place, he was going to make sure John didn’t lose her.
John spun around, but Sherlock was already on the man – this vigilante, obviously thinking that turning in any one of the three warranted a reward from the dead president – practically jumping on his back in an effort to pull him off of her. Sherlock’s fingers quickly found the man’s eyes, and between that and Sherlock pulling his body back to try and drive the man off of Harry, Harry was able to get her feet in between her and the man. With a single kick, the man reeled back, quickly losing his balance and landing in a row of seats across the aisle – right on top of Sherlock.
“If he asks for another question, can you refuse to let him ask?” Sherlock asked.
But that didn’t mean he didn’t feel their loss.
“What do you want?” he asked, his voice as icy as Mycroft’s could get when he was angry.
Close Your Eyes - Digital Daggers
BECAUSE SARA HATES ACTION SCENES
“It’s Harriet,” John said.
“Alexander wanted to give these to you, by the way,” Dean went on before Sherlock could say anything, taking a handful of items out of his pocket and placing them into Sherlock’s outstretched hands.
“I wanted to give you time,” Sherlock replied, exasperated. “Everything was just one big event after another for you and I didn’t want to add a wedding to that. I wanted to give you a normal relationship – as normal as it could have been, considering. I wanted to do it at the right time – because we loved each other and because
This is it. This is so weird this is so fucking weird I feel like I'm ending something much bigger than just a fanfiction. I'm kind of crying.
After leaving District 7, the train stopped for fuel at dusk. Since District 7 was farther north than even District 12 was, the District saw snow, as opposed to Districts 11, 10, and 9, who did not. The other Districts also got snow, but never the amount that Districts 12 and 7 did.
“I did – Sherlock figured it out,” John said, as he noticed that Louise and Alexander had gone off to talk. “Where’s Bainbridge?”
lover. You never know what someone might do in the face of such a loss,” Hannibal said, and then turned on his heel and vanished into the crowd.
having to do with this – to
“One...”
“Come on, Sherlock,” John whispered. “Come on come on come on –”
“I dunno, but I don’t think it’s something good,” John replied.
“Good
“No, we do –” Harry swore.
“The same way you do; it’s all up here,” Magnussen pointed to his temple. “This is where I keep you all. You know about mind palaces, don’t you, William?” he asked.
“Hm. So why are you telling me this?” John asked. “I mean, why are you bringing this up, now?”
“Unfortunately, I cannot. Unlike you, I am not relieved of my duties tomorrow. I’ll have to stay with Sherlock and Harriet all day.”
He took a few steps forward, and Atala glared at him.
He stood and waved Clover down, secretly happy that they didn’t have to physically speak, for he thought he wouldn’t be able to hear her over the blood rushing in his ears from all the stress.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Louise said, putting out her hand for Harry to shake. “Do you prefer Harriet or Harry?”
tell me you played
It took John a second to remember the events of the night before, and a second more to remember the reason why those events happened – why so many people had lost their lives – President Coriolanus Snow was dead.
“We’re fine, thank you,” Mycroft replied easily.
Shame for him.
Mycroft’s service was open casket.
Sherlock stood in the hall of the house, just for a moment, considering the option. What if he just walked out, right now, never to return? He could go beyond the fence and into the iris meadow, sit there until he starved himself to death, or finish himself off with his morphling or a knife…
Because his brother was dead.
And then reality took hold, weighing heavy on Sherlock’s bones.
He had seen them sticking out of trees in the woods with John – the first sign of human activity beyond the fence that they had ever found – and so Sherlock used the spile the only way he had seen it used.
But he couldn’t remember anything good that had come out of the Hunger Games.
“Because if something goes wrong, he’ll win the Hunger Games,” Sherlock replied. “Not to mention the fact that if you keep ingesting the fear gas, you won’t be of a clear mind – not clear enough to fight him. It’s got to be me. But
It’s for John. It’s all for John.
have to do it. Though, in hindsight, he really didn’t have to,” he chuckled quietly, to himself, and then, finally, he looked up at Sherlock, as if he had just remembered that he was there. “His plans worked. If they weren’t turned off by his weight, they were scared off by his deductions. Whatever we did, it didn’t matter. Sometimes it didn’t even feel like it happened at all.”
“Or John,” Sherlock added. “I saw him – he had a gun –”
Those days were normally quiet between the two of them – normally filled with training Sherlock physically or mentally, or strategizing (keeping the thought of Harry Watson a thousand miles away from their conversations).
I bounced back and forth for practically SEVEN YEARS as to whether or not John and Sherlock would have sex at the end of Constantly. For a long time I was die-hard team “Sherlock and John’s love goes beyond sex,” but one of the major reasons why I changed to team “Sherlock and John have sex” was because I didn’t want the last person to have touched John sexually to be Charles Augustus Magnussen. John deserved better than that.
Sherlock was closing on the man – he was about a foot from him, but then –
“Well, don’t worry – we’re fine,” John assured her.
He wasn’t high enough for this.
Mycroft’s hand immediately flew to the remote, but then he saw who it was.
Sherlock stammered, but John laughed.
Sherlock looked away from Hannibal, and opened the door without another word.
He took exactly eleven steps before he stopped, and turned back around.
And Magnussen pulled his middle finger back with his thumb and released it, flicking it sharply against her exposed cheek. She flinched, instinctively, but made no other movement or sound to react to what was being done to her.
looking at him?!
“What happened during the last Quarter Quell?” Harry asked, voice wavering.
He was dying...
But today, he did.
After that, he opened up to Alexander, who would talk to John, but would avoid all topics of conversation concerning the 75th Annual Hunger Games and the events that followed, even after everyone else stopped tiptoeing around the subject. Plus, John liked Alexander from the beginning, Mycroft specifically had
; you haven’t missed a thing though, don’t worry,” the only man in the team assured him, which sounded contradictory in Sherlock’s head. But then again, everything about the Capitol was contradictory in some way or another.
“I’m just so tired,” John whispered.
“Harry, no offense to you, but…I think, wherever Sherlock is, he needs me to find him.”
“Go to what?” John asked, pretending to have no idea what he was talking about, and Sherlock jutted his chin toward the phone.
“Right,” John nodded, and then he felt tears forming in his eyes. “God, I’m gonna miss him. I just...I don’t even care about the sex thing or the fact that he can be a total asshole or the fact he doesn’t know about Magnussen – I just want to be with him. And I can’t because he’s
“But of course.”
“I wanted...I just wanted to apologize. To you, at least. For being such an asshole all the time,” Sherlock whispered.
understand
, John thought almost rationally. Was he okay? Fine was a word – fine was the word he would most likely use. He would say he was fine and move on to deal with it on his own, but –
Before she could think too much about it, she quickly poked the needle in.
lovely by Billie Ellish & Khalid (welcome home)
“Unsupervised, I know. I’m not asking for them to come in with me – they can wait outside – he doesn’t even have to know they’re there. But I need them to be there, for me. I can’t do it without them. So I ask you: can I wake them up?”
“Sherlock. Holmes.
When I first wrote the epilogue for Constantly, I originally planned for Sherlock to keep Hannibal reaching out to him a secret, but after writing it, I couldn't keep a line from chapter 71 out of my head: No more secrets. I felt like it went back on the character development if Sherlock turned around and, YEARS later, lied to John and kept secrets from him again. So, I fixed it.
It was times like these where Sherlock was reminded of the final article that Kitty Riley had ever written – an article that Sherlock had refused to read at first, until years later, when he finally felt as if whatever she had to say could not hurt him:
And now there was Sherlock – now he was hiding from Sherlock, desperate to keep the truth from him. Again, he used Mycroft’s presence as a shield to keep Sherlock from speaking about private matters, and when Mycroft wasn’t available he used Harry or Mrs. Hudson – anything to keep Sherlock from being alone with him.
“For what?”
Sherlock then turned to the woman – the one who had lied to Harry and tried to convince her that she just wanted to talk, as she, with an arrow sticking out of her side, ran at him, hunting knife in hand.
Music for this chapter:
“So you’re President of Panem, now?” Sherlock voiced his deduction, sticking his hands into his sweatpants’ pockets.
Once he realized what Sherlock was trying to do, Magnussen spat in his face, getting it up his nose and into his eyes and mouth – Sherlock’s lungs burned with pain as he struggled to breathe –
“Who’s gonna be there?” John asked.
“And then Mycroft walks in,” Sherlock guessed.
They ended up in a separate room in the back of Caesar’s stage, a room that contained nothing but the doorway to the elevator and a screen that was broadcasting the beginning of the final interview. In fact, it was displaying Caesar Flickerman rising up from the room underneath the stage, donned in a glittering lilac suit as they entered the room.
“Not yet,” Sherlock replied. “But soon.”
“Because I care too much. I’ve always cared too much. It was when my father died that I realized that if I cared, I would only get hurt in the end. So I stopped. There were only two people that stood as exceptions: Sherlock, and my mother. And slowly, they got taken away from me, too. But the list of exceptions has grown.” He then stood up straight and turned to face John. “I know I seem protective over you, but you must understand: you, John Watson, were the first tribute that I was able to save. You, John, are my brother. I did not make that exception until after you won your Hunger Games, because I thought then you’d be safe to care about. You had won the Hunger Games, you were in love with my brother; I thought nothing could touch you. But I was wrong. I was so wrong. But that’s not your fault; that’s no one's fault but Magnussen’s. And I can look into your eyes, John, and see that he made a promise that he would touch you again. Am I right?” Mycroft paused to let John close his eyes and shudder – because he was right – of course he was right. “I know I cannot do anything now, but I can promise you that if Charles Augustus Magnussen wins the Hunger Games, John...I will have him assassinated.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” Mycroft replied, and Louise nodded, but that’s not how John felt about it at all:
Yes, John still hated him and everything he stood for. Yes, John still blamed him. But, at the same time, John couldn’t be as mad as he had been just seconds before.
John gently squeezed Sherlock’s hand, snapping him out of his trance. He looked up at John, his eyes exhausted, but, despite all that, he smiled, and rested his head on John’s shoulder.
But then, just as Sherlock had come to this conclusion, on his way out of the school building after the last bell, where he would wait for John and Harriet to walk home with, Sherlock crossed paths with none other than Gideon Jones.
Magnussen smiled, and finally stopped flicking Harry’s face. He straightened up and looked at Sherlock, and Sherlock’s heart sank lower than it ever had before.
There was only one entrance to the training center, which made it easy to guard for when there were twenty-four tributes who weren’t allowed to exit the building living within it, and also making it easy for Mycroft to watch for John’s return. There was no possible way for John to enter the building without Mycroft intercepting him.
He couldn’t lose her now – it was too close to the end –
And, even though it would take time, and even though they had a thousand bad days ahead of them, and a thousand more East Winds to overcome, they were going to be okay.
Sherlock quickly spun around at the sound, his sword raised, ready to attack whoever was behind him, but there was no one in sight. His eyes scanned the area, looking for any signs of life, but there were none –
I really like Antonia Blake and I don’t know why.
It would kill John.
In the same instant, a lilac fire set them aflame. John immediately took a step forward, and Cinna caught him by the shoulder.
“Right. I still have John. And I have you and Louise,” she said, wiping her tears with the back of her hand. “And you have John.”
He looked up – or down, in his case – to find that he had dropped his sword in the confusion. If anyone were to pass by, he couldn't even keep quiet and hope they wouldn't see him – his only weapon underneath him would give him away.
One day, eleven hours, twenty-four minutes, and forty seconds.
“Goodbye John,” Sherlock whispered, knowing that John couldn’t hear him.
It was something that the two had picked up within the last year – an inside joke of sorts. Since Sherlock was more or less living with the Watson’s again after John’s win, Sherlock and Harry were more or less always together, but their dynamic had changed from the last time Sherlock had lived with the Watson’s. When they were kids, Sherlock had John, so he didn’t necessarily
“Just like he put me ‘out of commission’?” John asked.
She's My Ride Home - Blue October
“You may not believe it, but you are so much like your brother, Sherlock. I noticed it the day we met.”
“Anyone could argue that the Games brought Sherlock and I together, or that my unrelenting kindness and compassion for others brought me to talk to Sherlock, but if anyone else had been reaped I probably wouldn’t have talked to their sibling the next day, to be quite honest. Mycroft was reaped, and I at least knew of Sherlock, so I talked to him. I took him in when he needed a friend – a family – the most, and Mycroft’s always looked out for me and my family as a way of thanking us, but really I owe him so much more than he owed me. If it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t be here. I wouldn’t have Sherlock. I wouldn’t be alive.
Magnussen had flicked Harry’s face to get Sherlock to spill John’s secret – all he had to do was something to someone that was important to him that irked him enough to do whatever he wanted – to spill a secret pertaining to someone that he loved; something that he swore he would never do.
Even though he knew, deep in his heart of hearts, that it was bad for him.
“If you want to after, that’s fine, but Dean’s orders come first.”
But Sherlock didn’t want to hear it – nobody needed to hear it – not in detail – not in as much detail as the serum was prepared for him to give –
Sherlock looked at the blank eyes of the statue as they stared straight ahead, over Sherlock’s head and into the middle distance, and, for the first time in a long time, Sherlock took a moment to consider what life might be like if Mycroft was still alive. If Mycroft had lived to see the world he had created – to see Harry and Louise get together, to see Sherlock and John get married, to see…
“Do your legs feel like gelatin, too?” he asked, after a few mouthfuls, and Harry nodded.
To his surprise, the person on the other line was James Hewlett from District 1 – Helen Hewlett’s older brother. Without any small talk (which John was thankful for; there were days when he felt like he was going to punch the next person who asked him how he was), James told John just why he was calling: the day of the Games, after the Bloodbath, James went into his room to find a letter on his bed, written by Helen. In said letter, she revealed everything that she had explained to John the night of their interviews; everything that Charles Augustus Magnussen had done to her was written out for her brother, and that she needed him to know, but could never bear to tell him while she was alive.
