Sherlock wanted to stop Moriarty. He’d been obsessed with stopping him; he’d wanted to know everything and then stop everything. Those desires had not left Sherlock. But now, knowing that doing all this was also hurting John, things felt even more urgent. He threw himself into the work, knowing that the sooner he found what Mycroft was looking for, the sooner Sherlock could end this all and go home.
John smiled and finished his drink, moving a bit closer to Sherlock in the process. "Slow dance or fast dance?" he asked.
She laughed. “I don’t think so,” she said. “Though I suppose romance is in the air.”
“Did you learn to drive?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s not working at the moment, I meant,” Sherlock lied. “Would you be able to stop by then?”
"Well, you will," Sherlock said childishly. "And I'll mess up your sock drawer which I know will drive you mad since you're obsessed with tidiness." He looked over. "In fact, I may in just become you for the rest of the day. I may go around scowling and then laughing at stupid things on the television and complaining about dishes in the sink and admiring my handsome face in the mirror. I'll do all the things you do everyday and then you can see what it's like to live with Doctor John Watson. Perhaps then you'll be a little kinder and a little less mocking to your poor flatmate."
“Good,” John said with a satisfied grin.
John gripped Sherlock's hair and turned his head so his face pressed into Sherlock. It was perfect. "Just like that . . .” he exhaled.
“It’s okay if you’re nervous. I was nervous for my first kiss.” She moved back to the side of him. “It’s all right. We don’t have to if you don’t want to. Don’t you like me?”
He didn't mean to get angry -- of course, he didn't want Sherlock to leave again. It was just all so much. He made his way around to the Chinese and got their order, heading back to the flat slowly.
"But what?"
"Okay, but I don't think it'll be gross. I'm going to get ready while you do that," he said. He went into the house with the dishes and put them in the sink before changing into his swimming trunks.
"Ready?" he smiled, standing to meet her.
"Don't you want to open that?" he asked.
John licked his lips and nodded. "Okay."
John didn't say anything, just looked around the room to memorise as many details as he could.
"Yes, I like to think so," he said.
Sherlock stood up and stretched. “You still all right staying the night -- I can get you a taxi home if you prefer,” he said.
"Yes, I liked the twist at the end," John said. He yawned even though he had no real reason to be tired.
Sherlock was trying to be patient. He stayed in Mycroft’s flat, read the news and checked John’s blog. He made no phone calls, sent no texts, and stopped sending any messages online. It was incredibly difficult, but he hoped his brother would soon set him free.
"Okay," Sherlock said. "Can you bring a glass of water back as well?"
“That’s quite a lot of fuss,” Sherlock said.
There was nothing more infuriating than his brother being right, but Sherlock knew he was. “What . . . can I do?” he asked.
“I’m going home early,” Sherlock said.
A few minutes later, he heard her voice. “I was hoping you’d be here today,” she said.
“As am I,” Sherlock said, squeezing John’s arm around him. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, his whole body and brain comfortable and relaxed. Satisfied.
John laughed loudly. "That one was a bit better," he said.
Sherlock started to move his hips, slow and steady, focusing on making this last, despite the urge to thrust and the ache to come. He pressed his chest against John’s back and whispered in his ear, “I missed you so much . . . I hate when you’re not with me.”
John took everything, looking at the box. "What's this?"
"I figured I'd let her fiancé handle that part," John said. "How do you know her? Or do you know the groom?"
John grinned. "Okay, because mine is awful."
"Sherlock...God it feels good," he moaned. He dug his fingers into Sherlock's hair, grabbing it into a fist and pulling lightly.
"Didn't say but they . . . he was handsome," she said.
"Yeah, or even some dirt," John said.
“That’s why you shouldn’t make assumptions, John,” Sherlock said. “They’re not going to see a person at all. They’re going to see a tiger that Sherlock met one day while he was out by himself in the woods. The tiger gave them some fresh meat and they went back to the cave and John cooked it over a fire and ate almost all of it except for a small bit that he let Sherlock have. I told you there was going to be a tiger in this story.”
"If I could sum this up - and trust me, I could fuss at you for any number of things, okay? - to sum this up, just chill out." She gestures with her hands in a calming, easy, lateral plane. "Let us do our jobs, take care of you. And I know you've been through it, and it just ... sucks, pardon my language." Sherlock blinks, looks at her with a little bit of surprise. John stifles a chuckle, thinking of actually apologising for that word as opposed to the many others that he says out of Rosie's earshot. "But at least you're getting another chance. Because let me tell you, most people who have this kind of unlucky stuff happen to them," and John hears her words and whole-heartedly agrees, but wonders - cringes - at the timing, "they don't always have such a good outcome as you." Her words are soft and quite well delivered. "Okay?"
But solved, nonetheless, and good on that point.
"If you shove me, I'm going to shove you back."
, that pestered him.
"That's not fair."
John had appeared to be waiting for an answer. "All right."
"We'll see about that. I may be planning a surprise of my own."
Recap:  Sherlock developed atrial fibrillation, went to the hospital, and had a procedure (endoscopy/TOE/Cardioversion) to fix it.  Now they are home, have admitted their affections for each other, and ... things are ready to happen.
"Please."
"Bed is fine for tonight. Plenty of time to get up tomorrow," the nurse assures him. "I brought your pills in. The clopidogrel, we talked about earlier, for the stent. A couple of paracetamol, for aches." Sherlock nods, definitely agreeable to that. "And I'll be drawing some blood later, check on the heparin dosage. You guys need anything else?"
Sensations pierce the numbness, the thick fog of grief and overwhelming circumstance. Images swirl behind his eyes, every few steps something else, his stations of the cross come to oppress him. Mary, bleeding. Sherlock, devastated. Mycroft, icy. The sounds of his own agony loud and unrecognisable, foreign.
"Neither are any of us." John knows Sherlock's intolerance for frustration, his impatience, are going to be challenging.
, an answer,
..." and he left the details out, thinking he could answer any number of reasons, "... because obviously you don't want to, given that you called me to talk you out of it."
John moved over Sherlock and poured a bit of lube on him, starting with one finger and quickly moving up to two.
“John!” Sherlock called but he’d hung up. He set his phone down. He actually felt more agitated than when he’d called. He moved to the kitchen for a cup of tea. His favourite? What was that comment about? John knew it’d just annoy Sherlock. Why was he trying to further upset him?
John looked over at her and shrugged. "Maybe. I think he would call me an idiot in some disguised way and point out everything I missed." He smiled softly.
"That was more fun than your games," Sherlock said, shifting to get comfortable and pulling a blanket up to cover him a little.
John grinned and pushed his hands in the pockets. "Oh! Interesting!"
Sherlock grumbled. “At least let me up,” he said. “I need the toilet -- I don’t feel well.”
"Fuck," Sherlock exhaled, collapsing against the mattress. He took a few minutes to catch his breath and then looked over and said, "You're all sweaty."
"You did well, Sherlock. Your brain’s all right -- you remembered what happened."
"No," John said. "If you wanted a present, you should have helped, too." He smiled over his mug as he took another sip of tea.
"Nowhere, I guess," Sherlock said. "I just want to put my clothes on." He slipped his arms into his shirt. "Are you going somewhere?"
"And did they leave anything?"
“I just need to have tea and milk,” Sherlock said. “Do we have wine? Maybe we should get wine. Or whiskey. And whiskey, I mean. I might have a whiskey during tonight’s story time,” Sherlock said. “To make it more authentic.”
After a while, Sherlock stood up and stretched. He was smiling a bit smugly.
“Right,” Sherlock said. “You made that clear.”
It was all annoying him too much so he turned on the television just to have some sound to try to distract him.
“That’s a lie, John Watson,” she said. “We do know what he wanted even if he never told us  directly."
“You’ll have matches at the weekends.”
“But why would I be so stupid?”
Sherlock wasn't sure if that was true, but decided not to ask any more about it. He shifted his body a little, trying to get a better angle. “I like what you’re doing,” he said. “No one’s ever done it to me before.” He closed his eyes and lost himself in the kiss and the pleasure of their bodies’ movement. It did feel good – even though he hadn’t spent much time thinking about or desiring this feeling, he could see why John had wanted this. He was glad it was John he was sharing it with. Maybe that’s why it was so good.
“I do whatever ridiculous task they offer, but most have been basically meaningless,” Sherlock explained. He glanced over at John. “I want to work on a big case,” he said. “Because I can. I know I can solve it. I can solve anything.” He looked back at the TV.
Sherlock thought for a moment. He’d started this conversation with this guy -- it was just a bit of fun to kill time -- but he knew whatever he said next might quickly change the tone. “It is,” he said. “But I should clarify that we won’t be walking down the aisle anytime soon.”
"Well, you wanted to warm up, didn't you? A drink will help," John got up and opened the cabinet. "Wine or brandy?"
John glanced over at him. "I'm not," he said.
“We?”
“Right,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Regardless. So I’m heading to the security company -- you’re tagging along?” he asked.
John came up the stairs practising what he was going to say to Sherlock when he saw him. No matter how he played it out in his head, Sherlock was going to freak out, he was sure of it. Finally he decided he would just wing it and say whatever came out in the moment. He let himself in and hung his jacket. "Sherlock!" he called out, taking his shoes off at the door.
It isn't until later, when John is tidying the kitchen and Rosie is in the bath when they realise that Molly has indeed summoned Sameer over to her corner of the room. They are sitting on the floor by the window, where they are looking at one of the books that Sameer was trying to read. The book, however, John sees, is soon discarded, forgotten. Molly speaks to him quietly, earnestly, and while they are otherwise engaged, he starts getting Rosie to bed. John returns to find them still whispering quietly to each other, their heads low and together, seated close on the floor. Molly at one point pulls out her mobile, and flips through what must be some of her pictures. Earlier, the conversation had been with them a little bit apart; Sameer had been keeping his distance. But over the course of discussion, he has moved closer and closer, and by the time Molly is showing him pictures (of her cat, most likely, John thinks), Sameer is leaning into her, an elbow against her, his head right up against her arm as he looks and listens.
"I understand."
"I'm not an idiot you know," Rosie finished.
As promised, a few people came to the bedside. One was a registration clerk letting him know the room number Sherlock would be admitted into. Another, a chaplain wondering if they needed anything. The next one, wearing a long white lab coat over surgical blue, didn't mince words.
So the nurse just helped me resynch the mobile and some tips for speech to text entry. Added some speech cues, taught it some sounds. Hopefully now it will recognise the difference between pain and paint. And Sherlock is now Sherlock. Because actually trying to text would be impossible with swollen fingers and one wing. Again it's late, Sherlock was here, and I wanted to kill time with some odd memories of the last ... well, I don't remember much. The nurses have helped but I lost almost a week.
With a slow roll of his spine, synchronous with a deep breath, using his shoulders and a nudge with his calves, John turns his entire body, rolling and reaching his arm to cross over Sherlock's waist, enveloping them both in the haven of the covers, nestling lightly into each other.
Sherlock's fingers are squeezing hard on John's hand as the doctor explains that, because of the known hole, the neuro symptoms that had manifested earlier, even though they didn't linger, that closing the PFO is now the safest recommendation. By taking care of it now, she explains, it will prevent further problem, eliminate the possibility that another clot could pass through, this time with serious, more permanent residual impairment.
Edited 1/6/21 to be stronger and louder for the people in the back:  if you are sick, feverish, coughing, have altered smell/taste, do not under any circumstances go to work, go to the store, or irresponsibly expose any other people to a potentially deadly virus.
Sherlock gets in and out of bed with minimal assistance from John a few times, though he is tethered by his IV and the heart monitor. Although he is quiet, he is less aggravated. Molly and Greg arrive fairly close together, chat briefly, and don't stay long. Sherlock is resting in the bed, perhaps is almost asleep, when a text arrives that John finds a bit gripping. It is from Lydia.
"It's
"Not good enough." Sherlock is laser focused. "Home."
Yes, more meaningless trivia. You're welcome.
Sherlock found no reason to camouflage his snappiness. "What."
"Both hands on the wheel."
John could hear and sense the snark, the attitude, and thought it was a good sign, and so it loosened his tongue. "... and because it's my second full week on the job and it would upset me."
"It will be a year tomorrow, when we gotcha." John knew it would further escalate Sherlock as he explained to Sam. "When we gotcha. We
"Yes, I know you feel like you can't breathe. There's a large blood clot in the way, in your lungs. But we're working on it. With medicine and with that procedure you just had." She makes a couple of notes and repockets her biro. "I'll be here all night either here or in one of our other units, but keeping watch over you, and Rob's going to help us keep an eye on things. I suggest you don't try to talk too much." She looks directly at John then, not unpleasantly, and turns back to the patient. "Save your energy for breathing okay?" The message is loud and clear, to John as well: energy conservation and stress reduction.
"Yes," John agreed, giggling a bit himself while Sherlock stared at them both, his expression both horrified and confused. "As you wish." The movie, they all agreed, was much improved with the company, the blanket fort, and the multitude of pillows on the floor.
"Any interaction with the people? The residents, I mean?"
"Wait, stop, don't try to --"
"Not all the safety measures --"
"Go ahead. But I can't watch."
"You don't need to entertain me." John eased back into the chair, pressed his hand over Sherlock's below where the IV rested in what he hoped was a settling gesture, keeping it longer than brief, making sure Sherlock was well aware of the warmth of John's skin, the statement of his presence. He thought that perhaps Sherlock wanted less talking. "And you're seldom good company." The spontaneous - although fleeting - smile on Sherlock's face seemed more normal then, and John sat for a few minutes before pulling out his mobile.
"Very sleepy. Sedated."
"You've been dealing with this for ...?"
He nearly disconnected, immediately, and then with each ring until one was cut short. On the other end, a familiar woman's voice, deeper than usual given the late hour, the sleep she'd been roused from. Her words clear, slow, her diction hesitant. "Hello?"
"I think we make a good team, just for this reason," Sherlock reached up to force John's head back on the pillow, as if telling him that this has been enough talking, time to go to sleep now. "Now try to get some sleep. God knows you're grouchy when you don't get enough."
The chuckle was low and a little bit too amused, but John couldn't help it and knew, deep down, it was helpful to find humour wherever they could. "I'd be curious what kind of value you would assign all of those things, how you and I rate compared to, say, Mrs. Hudson hoovering the flat now and again."
He removes the first piece of glass with magnet and shavings, sets it aside, places another piece of glass.
"Lucky me."
"Shh. Forgiveness if we're caught rather than permission."
"Tachypneic."
Maybe there was actually a point to all this.
John refrained from pinching the bridge of his nose, trying to keep his frustration invisible and his answer something Sherlock might listen to. "All right, worst case scenario? You might haemorrhage to death because you were too lazy to hold pressure on your IV sites, you go back into afib, develop a clot, have a stroke, collapse, unable to move or speak, and end up locked in. That's where your body doesn't respond but your brain is wide awake and functional."
he mused in the direction of the bed,
"Agreed. Just do it. It'll work fine."
"Suit yourself."
The rest of the evening was uneventful, non-descript, and included bathtime, pyjamas, brushing teeth, and snuggles on the couch all three of them while John read one of her favourite books. There was no fallout, no dynamics, no specific issue the remainder of the bedtime routine, and John hesitated at the steps with Rosie tucked up against him, before they went upstairs.
"Hmmm, no."
He didn't laugh, not outright, but the short puffs of air as he silently snickered were telling. It was unusual to get away with much from his live-in, consulting detective partner. "Made a phone call yesterday," he began, slowly, and then paused as Sherlock tilted toward him, throwing down the duvet for climate control before gathering him close, tucking John's head up against his shoulder, drawing him in as they both liked. "It's hard, over the phone, explaining that despite everything we can do, the outcome might not be what we want." He kept the details deliberately vague, thinking to himself about the man not much older than they were, but with comorbidities and the patient, overweight. "So sick." Idly, Sherlock brushed his thumb over John's temple, his fingers splaying out against John's head -
"Shut up."
John sighed as he entered Ella's office, knowing that in all likelihood he would leave - again - with the usual combination of mild headache and moderate exhaustion. The past few weeks had been more progress, some of it grueling, more steady conversations. Dealing with a whole lot of repressed anger.
The face Sherlock had made, being upstaged by an eight year old, was absolutely priceless. And more than a bit chagrined. He'd taken it back at the first opportunity and not said another word about it. John found himself looking away so that Sherlock wouldn't see the victorious grin on his face as he did mental high fives with Sameer. And tried not to let Sherlock know about it. The narrow-eyed death glare came anyway, the moment John risked a glance over.
The case had been a gradual build, a potentially exciting if not somewhat perilous, risky evening that had ultimately almost disintegrated, fallen short. Hours previously, Rosie had been dropped off at Molly's, and the girls were both looking forward to not only the evening but breakfast and a spa day tomorrow. The case solved, but without the fanfare and drama that Sherlock reveled in, without the satisfaction of complicated deductions, of showing off, and the attention, approval, and admiration of those present.
"In a pandemic?" Sherlock queried, disbelieving. He knew how serious they were both taking the quarantine, the distancing, the risk.
His hollow laugh, that awkward, self-deprecating thin snort of air was quickly followed with a question. "Christ, is it that bad?"
When John awoke in recovery, throat sore from intubation and shaking as he emerged from the grasp of anaesthesia, he recalled the question but did not ask again. Acute spasms of pain in his shoulder kept him fairly distracted, where every move, cough, or shift reminded him that every body part was connected to every other. Just like his unit.
"Perish the thought."
I'm so over it all.
The couch, he realises, is not going to work. Even with the pulse oximeter on him that will alarm if necessary, it isn't enough. At least when he was home by himself with Sherlock across town in the hospital, he knew the nurses were keeping an eye on him both physically and through telemetry. But this is ... uncomfortable. He needs to be close, much closer, keeping a watchful eye on him, and, on quiet feet, leaves the sitting room. His heart pounds as he reaches the doorway, takes a look in.
There are a few moments of silence before Sherlock's eyes finally open to find where John is seated, the mug of tea, the room. He inhales, taking it all in, and John watches him carefully as his shoulders ultimately relax, some of the tension leaving, just from his new surroundings.
"No."
"All right then, as you wish," he says, then addresses John, "I just wanted to suggest that, prior to Sherlock's discharge, that his pain medication needs are carefully monitored. Last I had been updated by his physician, it didn't seem that he was taking anything especially strong for discomfort."
"No, she can't take them into their kitchen. Cleanliness and cross-contamination and such." Sherlock nods once, and John continues. "You order breakfast yet?" When he shakes his head no, John gives a tolerant smile in his direction. "I know you're not hungry, but ..."
"Actually," John said, again wondering at how he seemed constantly outnumbered, "both languages sounds like a very good idea. And it might be fun, practice your English writing," John said, effectively overruling Sherlock's playful idea. "Speaking of, you seemed to do very well today. Your English skills are very good now, aren't they?" John complimented him, and of course, meant it. "That had to make you feel good inside."
"Sonya. That Sam is going to be the one to tell
John found that honesty was the best answer. "I don't know." Sameer didn't seem dissatisfied with that answer, and John saw an out so he took it. "But come to think of it, tea sounds like a nice idea to me. Are you interested too?"
There is a chagrined smile. "I know."
"And you're interested in going back?"
Over the years, they've been flatmates of various stages: newly met almost strangers, inquisitive, and energetic. Uncertain of each other. Becoming actual friends. Years happened, and happenings happened, crimes solved and changes to circumstance. They've changed their relationship and even their living arrangements - and have moved through phases of grief, estrangement, travel, relocation, and they are now back to flatmates. And more. Partners ... bedmates. Friends with benefits at a minimum. The exact commitment, arrangement, dynamics, have not been officially and formally unpacked. But they'd fallen together after a case, one that stretched them and stressed them, coming together in relief, gratitude - finally - in a whirlwind of hands and mouths and hand jobs in the bloody hallway for gods sake after John had assured himself that Rosie was sleeping.
"Are you feeling okay? You're not sick?"
"You don't understand." Sherlock's frustration, his restless energy, kept him from meeting John's gaze, his raised browed look of annoyance.
"Are you asking me to check your pulse again? Are you feeling ...?"
"I wish for you to be present."
"Shit!"
is significant. Hopeful.
"Exactly, because explaining something to you is more important than winning this battle between Sherlock and me."
On the other end of the conversation, kilometers away in the cabin, it is Sherlock who rather quickly realises. "Oh for god's sake, of course."
"And for tolerating all sorts of challenging people to work with.
"I have a specific donation in mind."
Quietly, Mycroft clears his throat. "I have wanted to come visit more often, but." The man gives a hard swallow, and actually looks a bit embarrassed, "I know you've been in good hands." A quick breath, a lift of his head, then seems to be ready to change gears again. "You'll be in touch, then, as things progress?" He waits for John to nod. "Have you considered asking Lydia to stay, even once you are all home, just to make sure --"
" he adds.
John doesn't miss a beat. "Take it and pretend." When Sherlock does unenthusiastically comply, John pats at Rosie and sends her back on her way over to where she's been playing. "Activity also helps keep things moving, and lord knows this is the least active you've probably ever been. And it's been ten days, going on two weeks now that you've been less active, almost stuck in either a bed or a chair?" He opts not to even address other measures or medications, but stops there. "Have a glass of water. And we'll go for a little walk."
He grits his teeth before reacting to that, and counts to ... well, he
Strong doses of fluff and happy endings are needed to off-set the brutally honest ramblings and thoughts from a frontline covid healthcare provider. In this case, it's John. But he speaks for all of us.
"For god's sake, John," Sherlock muttered. "I think what papa isn't telling you is that he thinks you probably have appendicitis and probably need to have it removed."
Mycroft did look surprised at that before hiding it again, and then he answered, carefully, "Oh, I don't really think that would be --" and as Sameer began to translate that, he could see the face of the other boy just fall. He softened it up. "We'll see."
"Pull it. He's ready," Jack says.
"Thanks, I uh... " John points his thumb over his shoulder toward where his flatmate, best friend, and, right this moment anyway, the main focus of the day, lies, "I should get back I guess."
"We do have one, but you're not a candidate for it because you've been in this rhythm too long."
"Sorry? Sorry doesn't count. Sorry doesn't fix this. You're free to come and go, and drink your bloody coffee, and you haven't been betrayed by your stupid heart deciding that --" Sherlock cut off his tirade abruptly when John took rapid strides to the door to close it. "What are you doing?"
"Thirty seven, five. So no. And we often see low grade fever with any type of clot, so there's that." He presses a few keys on the electronic documentation database. "Last haemoglobin is good. Fibrinogen still very much normal too." Rob had explained that their patients with infusions of the meds Sherlock was getting had labs drawn at least every six hours. "We just drew and sent an ABG, see if he's compensating all right. He's working, true, but it's not getting worse. Not really." John nods, knowing that they are all still working together to try to avoid putting Sherlock on a ventilator, which opens the doorway to so many more complications even though he might need the ventilatory support. “The tachycardia, perhaps, is probably this," Rob says with a chuckle, holding a clean, unused urinal out. "Perhaps you'll have better success getting him to use it."
One responded, quickly, "We'll show you. It's fun." The other chimed in, "You'll like it."
"All right." Her tentative expression let John know that she was still a little fearful. "I'll give it a go."
He is still on his side, staring out the window into the darkness outside, and only the nightlight is on in the room, the small down-ward lit soft light that illuminates just enough so the nurses don't trip when they enter the room at night.
"I just called anaesthesia to intubate this one. ABG is shitty, labouring. X-ray the same hell as the others, damned bilateral diffuse infiltrates, whited out entirely."
Kathy nods, affirming the score and the statement, that neuro symptoms can be mildly subjective at the best of times, and turns to John. "Probably a TIA, then. Less likely fatigue, given the focal aspect. We have a protocol for treating presumed stroke, or stroke symptoms. CAT scan, CTA for scores greater than six. He doesn't meet criteria, symptoms are resolving." She cues him through a few other assessments that were targeted toward the deficits Rob had discovered. "How are you feeling, truly?" she asks Sherlock.
The shower shut off, some hustling about in the bathroom, and footsteps pounding upstairs and then back down. Sam, dressed in his pyjamas and sparkling clean from the shower, came out to the kitchen to tell John and Sherlock goodnight. He found them both seated at the table, his backpack there and open, and both papers just sitting there waiting to be explained.
Sherlock was standing just inside, and in the brief sideways hug, John could feel the tremble of Sherlock's arm, the level of sadness and upset palpable, the brief touch of Sherlock's jaw to John's temple. Both of them were looking toward Rosie, who had cornered herself under her blanket on one end of the sofa.
"What is it?" Sam's eyes were a little glazed, but he looked worried.
"Let's get your milk and a book and your blanket," he murmured to Rosie. "And we'll go snuggle on the couch." The cries drifted down briefly by only a decibel or two, and John found it sweet that she was trying, attempting to regain control, wanting his comfort and his focus. Her hands, arms, legs clung, fingers nearly pinching his skin a little in their desperation.
"Yes you do." He smiles. "Neither of them answered me, and John of course, I can understand. But not Sherlock. Not without a damned good reason." Her cheeks flush again. "So, actually, I think it's fairly obvious."
Eventually, Sherlock looked away, sighing. "Never mind. See you tomorrow then." With a quick flick of his finger and not giving John even a moment to respond, he disconnected the call.
The smile turned impish. "But what's the fun of that?"
The evening is mostly progress-worthy. John has sent vague update messages to those who needed one. Mycroft has sent one in return that he is unable to visit tonight but that he should be over tomorrow. John makes tentative plans to go home to try to sleep there again, and he tells Lydia that he should be there before Rosie goes to bed, provided Sherlock's evening continues mostly uneventful. Which it is. The puncture site remains clean, dry, intact, and without signs of bleeding, so eventually, with permission, Sherlock sits up even more. He complains of a sore throat - expected after a few days of a breathing tube - but swallows safely and manages to eat a soft dinner. Well, portions of one anyway. His oxygen levels, though, keep him from getting out of bed. That and his level of fatigue. When he's resting, he is in the mid-nineties. But any activity at all, and he's not only desaturating but breathlessly symptomatic.
"No clots." The nurse agrees. Her stethoscope is removed from her pocket, and she listens carefully to Sherlock's chest, front and back. "I think you sound fairly clear. Little rattley down here," she indicates Sherlock's right posterior lung field. "Sometimes it takes some getting used to, the blood thinners. Long as that's the only time, I'm sure everything is fine. It's all understandable. If it happens again, real hemoptysis, he might want the heparin drip shut off for a little while, an hour or two just to make sure there's nothing going on." She puts her hand on her hip as she studies the monitor, the oxygen level, the flowmeter. "The oxygen's already flowing through some sterile water, for humidity. You're level's okay, Mr. Holmes. Dr. Benton's across the hall, I'll mention it." She seems quite confident, and John agrees with the plan. "For now, just let me know if it happens again, okay?"
Both could feel more tension leave, settling in under the duvet in the darkness and stillness of the bedroom. John realised that, surprisingly, he thought he'd be able to sleep knowing Sherlock was safe beside him. "You'll wake me? If ...?" John could have finished the sentence any number of ways, but just left the word to encompass all of it. "If?"
"Right, the day the press came." John well remembered the fanfare and celebration as the last and final Covid19 patient was discharged and the peace that had come with the hospital being coronavirus free after so many months. He was prepared to comment on that until he glanced over at Carrie's words, her inflection. Carrie's smile had grown cloudy, her visage more somber. John's head angled slightly, trying to read her nonverbal cues, and Sherlock's attention had been grabbed as they both considered the profound and a little surprising change in her demeanor.
another pair at home."
"So the coach, Mr. Matthews, signed you up for the team."
She glances at the clock on the wall, looks back at John doubtfully. "I gotta get back, but ... they hopefully shouldn't be too long." She clearly doesn't want to leave John by himself, and can see that, despite his words, this is hard on him. "I can call ... I think Rob told me in report, someone else was here, his brother?"
"All right," John replied quietly. "I'll stop."
There is a pooling of saliva again, and John takes and slides the suction catheter into Sherlock's mouth, where Sherlock twists his head again, reflexively trying to avoid it, and he makes a loud swallowing noise that is uncomfortable, air rattling, his lips unable to close, the ventilator circuit and the holder keeping the tube secure. "Hang in there, okay? You're doing great."
and hadn't eaten, but it seemed, deep down, that he knew it was more serious.
you to behave and not get into trouble, there is nothing you could ever do to change those facts. This is home,
Processing, feels, closure ...
Who'd been winded after climbing the stairs a few days previously, blamed it on the weather.
John nodded, believing him, as his own clothes were mostly dry. "Sleep if you can," John offered, tucking the blanket back over the injured extremity after checking it for colour, movement, and sensation.
Of course, despite her voice being very quiet, even with all the noise of the high-flow oxygen apparatus, Sherlock hears at least some of that. "John."
"Kathy Nguyen again. I just stepped from Sherlock's room long enough to call you."
, on another. They will eventually be placed as a hallway memorial, the tribute wall entitled ‘Heroes’ is already selected.
"Would you like me to see if Molly can stop by? Or Greg?"
John nods, sips, then puts his own glass aside. "It took a long time to get that way. Finally."
Mycroft Holmes, Executive Director, MI-6
"Did you ...?" John said quietly, realising that Sherlock had not only finished the laundry, hanging up what John had folded from a few days previously, but that the rest of John's shirts were also hanging in up his preferred orderly military profile, there in his closet. "Of course you did." The hanger snapped open and he pulled on the khakis, turning back to see Sherlock still watching him. "Why?"
"Make sure Uncle Mycroft shows you a good time, and a good weekend. Give him no peace whatsoever." Sherlock snickered, but neither kid particularly responded to that, so used to the nature of the Holmes brothers fake-fussing at each other.
"There's evidence for both closing it and for leaving it alone." She reviews some of it with him, the risks of the procedure versus the benefits, the statistical outcomes of either option. When she is done explaining the benefits versus risks, she reaches into her lab coat pocket, pulls out an article she's printed. "Closing a PFO is done in a cath lab, and while it is certainly a procedure, it is no longer major surgery. Usually just done under local plus sedation. This summarises it fairly well. But the choice is going to be yours."
"... he's actually doing quite well." Sherlock actually snorts at that, and John gives him a bit of a glare. "I could certainly repossess the tee shirt. And the tea, since you seem to think I'm not helping you in any way."
"Results technically only come from the physician, you see."
"Apparently not."
night. It's unnecessary."
"Sherlock," John cautions, his eyes wide, hoping that he won't get too miserable in front of Rosie.
It had been Dari then, but the language didn't matter, the message was still the same. Sameer had heard it from one of the village medicine men when his mother had taken a turn for the worse. He heard it again when she got sicker, taken to the hospital. And again when they tried to explain that she'd died. They'd held his arm at first, preventing him from going to her, from seeing her. "She won't be coming home," they'd said. "I'm sorry." When he'd been finally taken to her side, he knew at first glance that he was alone. "I'm sorry," they'd said again.
Sherlock found it unnecessary to wear socks to bed any longer.
And shortly, Rosie will return from a school getaway.
"Yes, and it sounds a little ... I dunno, barmy now, but she said it was amazing. That it lowered the stress levels, gave everyone a very nice break." Her chuckle was a little incredulous too. "Sounds like they ...
"What, that you're going to take advantage of me, ravish me now that we're unsupervised?"
Until one day, it is remedied. There is a burst, an onslaught of memory, of pain, of his best mate and more, his cherished other half: His husband. In the moment he feels all of it, realises words are on his tongue: oh god I love you so much. It is the worst migraine imaginable, grief, loss, pain of separation.
No one really noticed that John almost never initiated conversation, that he would respond with less and less animation. He'd pinned much of his life, his future, his career, his short and long term plans, on being Captain Watson, MD, Army Surgeon. Now that those credentials were altering on every front, he felt lost, adrift, and unsettled.
"You said I couldn't cut it off. You said nothing about smashing."
. "You look like you've had a very rough day." He took further note of the state of his clothes, the stubble on his jaw, the defeated look in his eyes. "Rough couple of days perhaps."
In the end, he actually says absolutely not one word about this photo. Commentary is completely unnecessary.
"You have barricaded me in the hallway?" For a moment, it appeared she was going to move the chair out of the way and come in, but then her frown of confusion gave way to a realisation. "Oh." She grinned, her sweet, tolerant, maternal smile at them both. "Well, pish, I'm not worried about that. Now get this chair out of the way and I'll come in and fix us all a cuppa to have alongside."
There was a faint snicker. "I should think that was quite obvious."
Sherlock begged for mercy, twice. Words had actually been largely unnecessary. Sounds, though, had been slow to arrive, sweetly savoured, and vastly encouraging.
"Good lord, that was smooth," he murmured. "We've been close for many years now, so it made sense. Fond," he echoed John's word from earlier with a grimace. "Not incorrect. And we're already a family, to be honest, wouldn't you agree?" Nodding, Rosie seemed more amused than anything else. Sherlock waited for a few minutes. "I'm fine, by the way, thanks for asking."
two damaged umbrellas, both handles chewed, one of them had been a custom, handmade edition that Sherlock recognised as a gift from a foreign dignitary
Jack's smile is sympathetic. "Let me rephrase, five days from the start of the oral meds."
"Just take care of it." The smile was just a little bit sinister, manipulative, and it rankled in John's gut. "You always manage to."
Mycroft interrupts, and the quickness, the sharp reply accompanies Mycroft folding his arms in front of him. "I will grant you that the pyjamas are far more
"So, if you wanted, it would be nice if you'd come?" Eyes blinked back at him, so John backpedaled a little. "Or at least you could join us for dinner afterward. My sister Harriet, a few blokes from school, Mike you met the other day are already coming. Mrs. Hudson seemed interested so ...?"
" Thankfully, Sherlock did cease mid-sentence and grabbed for Mycroft's accusing finger - missed. "Impaired. You're off your game," he added cryptically. "Be careful that you don't cross an uncrossable line with Mr. Watson. He is more of an asset than you are aware." To John, Mycroft glanced over, uttering quietly. "Apologies for his unfiltered tirade." John responded only by tilting his head slightly, feeling the storm clouds of Mycroft Holmes gathering.
John reached, took one by the edges, holding it carefully as he took a nibble. "Delicious," he declared, feeling Sherlock's thigh next to his own as Rosie tucked her legs over the both of them. "Nicely done."
John well can remember those dreams right after the fall, the perpetual nightmare, the every-bloody night shock and the sudden recall that Sherlock bloody Holmes had taken a big leap off a tall building, the panic and overwhelming sadness. The loss.
Bringing his hand back up toward their faces, he pressed a finger into his own mouth, into Sherlock's, dipping into the moist heat, before making the trip back down to Sherlock's lower body. "Please, just let it out, god yes, for me," and his hand delved lower. Sherlock adjusted his knees, tilting his pelvis up toward John's seeking hand. John wriggled a slicked finger very neatly, gently, and slowly inside.
Thanks so much for reading. One little chapter left of this little trilogy.
I do remember a lot of other stuff though. I remember hearing him and our papa laughing over Sam's efforts to teach him Dari. I remember his kind heart and sometimes sad eyes in the beginning. He still gets a little mooshy if you find the right blend of atmosphere, words, and sentiment. I remember him arriving with almost nothing, a ratty bag and some clothes. I remember going to the playground, taking walks to the gardens by our flat, of the way he would ask for so little and enjoy everything that we take for granted. I'm probably not supposed to share the story of how when he came to London, he wanted to work in exchange for English lessons. I'm definitely not supposed to tell you all that he offered to sleep on the floor in a corner somewhere if he was just allowed to stay.
The sigh motivates John to a complete sentence before he is verbally lambasted for his grammar. "You okay if I take off? I'd like to make it home before Rosie goes to bed, but I can ..."
Through the open doors, John can see mostly just a bunch of surgical blue fields, towels, and several people attending to the center of the patient in the bed. Everyone is still masked and capped in there as the doctor takes the first door into the control room again and doesn't get close to what John is most interested in. Rather, in whom.
None of us truly know how this is going to end and what the
John said low, not quite a threat but almost. John tried to lessen the intensity of the conversation, and glanced at Sameer, who was thankfully paying attention to him and trying not to laugh at John's frustration with Sherlock. "Does the phrase 'choose your battles' make sense?" Sameer tilted his head as he thought about it, but a moment later he shook side to side, no it doesn't. "It means only getting upset about the important things. It means letting some things slide off you, not bother you, because it's just not worth it. Choosing which things to get riled up about."
There is another knock at the door, and a tech enters along with a nurse close behind. "Thought we'd descend on you all at once." A little concerned at more strangers in the room, Rosie snuggles into John's neck as she watches them attend to Sherlock - obtaining vital signs, checking his oxygen level (mid nineties, so another adjustment is made to the flowmeter), and the nurse makes a few pokes at his arm in which the IV is running. "This bothering you at all?"
it doesn't take more than one single slip, one trigger, to reactivate all of those powerful sleeping circuits, the drive, the call of the wild. The affinity of a brain on drugs - the brain not only remembers,
"Down the hall to the left. Waiting room. Buzzer on the wall." The technician shrugs. "Sorry, beyond that, I have no idea."
Another milestone was addressing one of the reasons that explained - or partially explained - Sherlock's appetite problems.
"She still bakes for us."
Behind the quaint, cozy, getaway cottage is a walking path that winds through a rocky hillside, a meadow, along a few patches of trees, not far from a wetter area that grows to a little run-off creek after a heavy rain. One man walking is sporting a small backpack which contains water bottles, a few snacks, some containers, supplies for whatever adventures they may find. Buried deep in the bag are a few rain ponchos and plasters because he has learned by experience that preparation, particularly given his typical two favourite travel companions, cannot be understated. Another man bends slightly, his long coat flaring out, to peer over the shoulder of a five-year-old girl, who is marveling at an unusual finding.
"I told him I needed to talk to you first. And if you're not okay with it, then I'll walk away."
, Sherlock thought. "The translator certainly earned his keep tonight."
John had fallen for the deception, the projection, the focus change, every single time.
He pushes back, already noting the ease of breathing, the sense of rightness. The disorientation, his equilibrium, restored and normal again.
"No." A few motions and the pill is followed by a pull on the water. "I won't forget it again."
"No, it's a space issue. And an ethical consideration --"
one half-eaten expensive Italian leather shoe
John nods, understanding, assuring her that he heard enough and
Their eye contact was perhaps a little probing. It was a combination of
The craving, the need, the want - hunger - desire, seemed to sizzle and fester inside. It was a restlessness that burned inside his skin, his brain, the wiring of his synapses, his serotonin receptors all reprogrammed to drive him toward the habit that he knew was taking him over. A mutiny had been staged at his behest, his permission, and at the expense of ... according to his parents, his bloody brother,
"Regardless, to rule it out, he'll need a TEE, transesophageal echo," Dr. Benson says. "I'll need to bring in a cardiologist anyway. They'll usually manage the anticoagulation meds afterward, once we get there. So we'll see how soon they can come up."
"And I want a cigarette."
"For a bunch of you."
John holds up a hand, smiles. "I know. Micro-bubbles."
His return to the bedroom is noted by Sherlock shifting around a bit in bed. "I know you're stiff, sore. But you need to keep ..."
- and John knew to get up because they were potentially getting in to something.
"You don't mind if I put the news on?"
"And like what you just did about the word idiot."
Sherlock blinked, then frowned as John's words sank in. "I have you."
"I'm glad to --"
He approached the director of medical staff mid-afternoon.
"Are you all right?" John sighed loudly himself and sat up straighter, hoping that Sherlock would be able to tell, to sense the urgency. "Look, I didn't mean to upset you. You're not ... Nothing's going to happen to you, but you know you need to stay?"
"Stop. I'll take care of it." John's voice lowered. "Of you." The cab had left them off, Sherlock paid only because John insisted that they alternate. Turns are turns, and fair is fair. "Starting now." Unspoken:
He was glad, feeling functional, useful, and helpful even, sitting here with Sherlock, squeezing his hand occasionally, prompting him to wake up by his touch or a soft sound in his throat. He knew he would feel so much better once Sherlock was actually awake.
"Open it."
His mobile, though, demands to be viewed and he slides it from his pocket. There is a text message, an alert, about his brother. It is followed by another alert, higher on the alarm scale, that flashes red, with capital letters across the top, GRADE 3.
"You are a ridiculous man. Of course not. For the chinchillas. And the honey badgers."
"Don't borrow trouble, I can see what you're doing. It could very well be only the travel, the sedentary weekend, the cigarettes. But I suspect it might have been brewing, given the discolouration on his calf."
Fucks sake, quip moping. The reunion tonight is just so much needed for my own mental well-being. Reminiscing back to more carefree days. Going to have a great time.
It changes when John believes that his neck is relaxed enough and just barely works his fingers into the back of Sherlock's head, into the curls.
The nurse, one John hadn't met before today, returns quickly, through the doors which close behind her, stands at his knee. "You okay?"
“That might help with awkwardness,” Sherlock said. “Let’s change the topic for a moment. Why do you think Molly did this?”
“No,” John said. “He’s my friend, and he trusts me. I think I’m easy to talk to so I get reactions and give him honest feedback without anyone knowing what I’m doing," he smiled.
And with that, they headed out. There was now a slightly different partnership between Holmes and Watson.
John’s anger eased. "Well, .we'll figure it out," he said. "You could just tell me what it is you want me to do if I come with you again."
Sherlock went out and got online and checked out a few places. “Chinese, all right?” he called to John.
“Why?”
“I’m not sure what Molly was thinking or if Mrs Hudson was somehow involved,” Sherlock said. “I’m not sure what to think.” He took a sip of tea and realised that was his completely honest response. “How have you been doing?” he asked. “Since we met, I mean.”
“Does this feel good?” he asked.
When they got back to school, she dropped his hand as they got off the bus. “Let’s take a walk,” she said.
John looked at his back. "No, but you're burned," he said. "Just a little. Do you have lotion or aloe?"
"His?" Sherlock asked, genuinely surprised. "That's an unexpected bit of truth."
"Why didn't you . . . why are you doing it by yourself?"
“Stop here,” Sherlock said to the driver. He threw him some money, and then ran the rest of the way, scanning the area. Lestrade saw him and came up to stop him. “They’re going in,” he said. “Stay out here -- let them do their job.”
Sherlock gave him a quick kiss and then said, “Should we get up? We’ve kind of made a mess of ourselves.”
John looked at Sherlock's hand and then up to his face. "What? Are you going to do magic?" he teased.
“We won some money on the lottery,” Mrs Hudson said. “John is my lucky charm,” she added, giving his arm a squeeze.
“I should have told you what you mean to me, John,” Sherlock said. “Maybe then you’d have known the truth, that’d I never leave you . . . like that.”
"Whatever you want," John said.
“A few other times as well, but particularly today,” he answered. “How long do you prepare to keep it up?”
Sherlock quickly grabbed a second mug from the cupboard. “I made you this cup of tea,” he said, dribbling the recently boiled kettle into the cup. “Here you go,” he said, sliding it over to John. He took the one he’d made for himself to the table and sat down. “So where have you been?” he asked.
"I didn't know what he wanted -- he wouldn't tell me. But I don't see what the big deal is, it’s Christmas, you know, family time," he said.
"I haven’t finished the book yet," he added, holding up the book in his hand.
“Well, I’ll leave you to it then,” Sherlock said. “I want to start early in the morning. Night then.” He stopped into the bathroom and then disappeared into his room.
“I thought your charm was responsible,” Sherlock said.
"I think she'll know,” John said. “I wondered if this whole thing was a scheme of hers.”
“Just to the shed, right?” his mum asked. “You’re not going off somewhere, are you?”
Sherlock glanced over. “We’ll see. . .” he said, looking back at his book.
Sherlock smiled at John's sounds and movement. He continued sucking his cock, kneading the muscles on John's thighs as he struggled to keep himself focused.
They lay quietly for a few minutes, and then Sherlock said, "It's just that I'm nervous. We said we'd be honest, so I am. But we should just watch the film."
“Not sure yet,” Sherlock said. “Some experiments probably -- you haven’t emptied my shed, have you?”
“Fuck,” Sherlock called dropping his head down to sloppily kiss John’s mouth. When they’d caught their breath, he slowly lifted himself up and then pulled John over to the bed, snuggling against him. “Aren’t you glad I showed you that?” he asked.
"Mostly towards the end," John admitted.
"Because you've disrupted my flat and now my work, that's why," Sherlock answered. "And you've upset John."
Everything happened too fast to process for John to process, yet it was like it happened in slow motion. He’d watched both of them pushed to the ground and cuffed, his hands were cut free from the zip ties, and Sherlock was at his feet removing the ropes. When his brain finally caught up, he was being pulled against Sherlock. “I’m sorry,” he said against Sherlock’s coat.
"I'll get it," John said, stretching before walking out of the room without even putting his clothes on. He didn't even think about it until he was coming back into the room again.
Sherlock looked down. He finished cutting the vegetables and dumped them into a pot. He turned on the heat. “I’m sorry I wasn’t able to help,” he said, without turning round.
"Why what?" Sherlock said. Then he stopped on the pavement, taking a moment to put things together. "I don't know why you're different, John," he said. "But you are."
"I know that's not what you were hoping for, but at least it's something," John said.
John nodded, kissing over his shoulder and biting softly.
"Of course I will," he said.
Mrs Hudson shot him a look and then turned to John. “So . . . are you a friend of Molly or of the groom . . . I’m sorry I can’t remember his name.”
"You let him down," Sherlock said. "When he needed help, you weren't there."
John looked over at him. "That was different. We don't have to say anything now because we're coming back to this."
“Do what you like,” Sherlock said. He punched his pillow a little and stuck in behind his back as he leaned up against the wall. He glanced at the window. “My dad’s home. Good -- it won’t be long until they go to bed. Should I start the film?”
John raised his brows slightly, but he didn't say anything. "Well, I will leave you my own card as well so if anything actually . . . I mean, if something happens again, you can call me directly."
“Don’t pout, it’s unattractive,” Sherlock said, repeating something his mother had said to him often. “You can read it when we’re old and open the box.”
John nodded. "And the skin cells?" he asked.
John started with his fingers again, kissing over Sherlock's torso.
“I don’t have any secrets,” Sherlock said.
John looked at Sherlock for a long moment before nodding. "Okay. So . . . I'll see you when you get back," he said.
After a shower, he headed out, got a newspaper and read it in a coffee shop before going for a wander. He could handle being around people when he knew there was no chance of interacting with them. When he realised he was about an hour’s walk away from home, he decided to text Lestrade for an update, hoping he’d have another task to keep Sherlock busy until a proper case came along. He did his best to sound eager without sounding stupid, not sure he’d succeeded at either. He got no reply so he headed home.
Sherlock picked up his cards. They weren't very good. "Hmm," he said. "I'll take three."
John nodded. “Thanks for keeping it on,” he said.
John kissed him. "Me too . . . I want to enjoy everything . . ."
“I’ll get it,” Sherlock said and quickly disappeared back into the kitchen.
“Well . . . call him in or something.”
“I prefer the world of the boy and his magical team. Let’s go back there.”
John pulled his laptop up while he waited for Sherlock to come back. There was no email from the surgery, but he suddenly remembered he’d bought that other ticket at the shop. He reached down for his trousers and got the slip out of his pocket, checking the numbers online. He grinned when he saw he’d won a hundred pounds. "Oh Sherlock!" he called.
John went to get the cards from a drawer in the desk. He wondered is Sherlock was really going to go through with this.
“My face was right by it,” Sherlock said. “It was traumatic.” He gave John a push back.
John bucked, so their cocks rubbed together. "What do you like?" he asked, kissing down Sherlock's neck to his chest.
“See?” he said to Mrs Hudson as they made their way to a taxi. “I behaved. Does this mean we can go home now?”
"Why?" John asked, his hands resting on Sherlock's chest now, still kissing his mouth.
“It’s weird,” Sherlock said instinctively. Because it was. But it wasn’t bad. His hand started to stroke his cock.
They finished eating and John did the washing up. He put the kettle on and then went to get his laptop, opening his email and skimming through the Inbox. After a minute he gasped. "Sherlock! I’ve got an interview tomorrow!"
"What? No," John said. "I told you, it depends."
Sherlock pulled a face, grabbed the biscuits and tea, and headed into the sitting room. John put the ice cream in the freezer and followed him.
John laughed. "I barely did anything."
"You did?" John asked. “How?”
“Have you got proper gloves?” his father asked. “You don’t -- here, take these.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, “I did. Are you cross at me?”
"Don't dodge the question -- you didn't let me," Sherlock said. "Fine. What did you think about when you were masturbating this morning?"
John nodded.
John pursed his lips. "You . . .ugh," he sighed exasperated. "I had a dream. A sex dream. That's all. It's stupid and embarrassing, and I hope you're proud of yourself."
Sherlock stayed up much later than he’d intended to, which helped distract him from thinking and ensured that by the time he’d finished, he was ready to crash. He tried to tidy up his mess, but left most of it, setting his alarm so he’d be sure to have time to finish before John got back from class. He climbed into bed with his laptop for a few hours before he eventually fell asleep.
"Did you find him?"
"No, I'm sure you're right about that," John said, taking a long drink.
Sherlock walked up to John’s room and tidied up the bed. He wondered if they’d sleep in his room tonight. He went downstairs and lay down on his bed. He looked over at the pillow next to him, picturing John’s face there. It made his heart feel nice, but it was quite exciting as well. Maybe they could have an early night.
"You'll call me if --?" John tried to ask Molly.
"I'm afraid to leave you unattended, think you'll run off, or cancel your friend Greg."
The absolute last thing you need to imagine is personally living the nightmare of what the sickest patients go through - sick, mostly naked, proned, tubes in every orifice, perhaps paralyzed, possibly inadequately sedated, and worst of all ALONE.
The man smiled a bit broader. "London and Afghanistan are very different, aren't they?" Sameer shrugged, not really wanting to engage with this man who was standing between he and his papa. "Have you been in London a long time?"
"Good luck with that."
"We're going to chat about more specifics next time. But until then, I do have some homework for you." Ella had finished up with her other patient, returned to John to awaken him, and was ready to send him on his way.
Fifteen minutes after that, Rosie is cruising the room again, orbiting around John, and another few texts come through.
"It means moving on." She smiled supportively. "So what would you tell someone else?"
John knew he was kidding, mostly, but he opted to play along. "Because keeping score is something that's so mature. Good idea." Their smiles flickered briefly, and Sherlock set the warmed up dinner in front of him. "For what, exactly, am I being charged?"
John nods, imagining that indeed, laying flat, awake, breathing through the endotracheal tube would be ... beyond terrible. He is disappointed that further progress is going to have to wait, but reminds himself that this is much better than it had been. "And I know Rob, the night nurse, told me that the cardiologist, Marjorie, said she'd be back in so, hopefully today." Last evening, there had ultimately been no chance to ask her much about the positive PFO finding. Almost immediately after the procedure, an overhead emergency had been paged, and she'd hesitated long enough to tell John that she would seek him out as soon as she could before dashing off. "To talk to you about the PFO, review some options, come up with a plan."
The message from Sherlock, the urgent CALL ME ASAP, the terrible news, that Mrs. Hudson, who had been taken to the hospital a few days previously, had died peacefully that morning.
And if we can spare providers - the nurses especially - from any more emotional consequence of what this has done to the landscape and climate of nursing and healthcare overall, it would be a good thing. Keeping them from resigning. Keeping their spirits up. Preventing a nursing shortage.
John finally exhaled, feeling the stress of the past few minutes, the tension in his chest, and he slid the headset off, tossed it on the desk in front of him. Fortunately, there wasn't much time left of his shift, and the console remained fairly quiet as his replacement arrived. After putting on his jacket, he headed out into the night, a strange combination of relieved and concerned. Without too much conscious thought, he caught the tube toward Barts. Knowing how slowly the wheels of emergency medicine turned particularly when combined with a mental health issue, he thought perhaps that Sherlock would still be there.
A puff of disdain came from Sherlock's mouth in both disbelief and annoyance.
"But, I thought ... He said try it out."
A few non-linear moments in this chapter.
can keep up with
murder.
"I'm going to stay on the phone with you. You are not alone."
"Oh good you're awake."
"You're heartless." Sherlock glared. Hard. "That's a terrible thing to say."
"Is that ... do you want me to ...?" John began, puzzled, glancing up at Sherlock.
Man up, Watson. Time to action. His words, calculating, sure. "I'll be right there."
than they need you." He crosses an ankle over his knee. "They will all take care of you. They're doing all the right things, therapy, meds, mobility, trying to help you. It's recovery. Hands down. Safely. But how it progresses is largely up to you. They give the doctor a report, especially here in the ICU. They talk to each other. They will eventually give report to a nurse outside of the ICU. And do you have any idea what they might be inclined to say first, if you keep this up?" Sherlock of course doesn't answer the rhetorical question. "Because I guarantee it will start with good luck, he's a pain in the arse, everything is a battle, and good riddance." He leans again. "In the army, report would have started with arrogant as fuck."
"I offer again to go find that shovel."
"Hurts. Just take it out. Aren't you supposed to be in med school? Any idiot knows, just take it out, hold pressure."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not really."
Sonya waited until John had closed the door again before speaking. There was a bit of surprise, of shock, amazement even. "His eyes, I had seen pictures, but my god, they are so
And if John Watson was worried, it was with good reason.
"... like your injection in today?" A uni student.
They had been home only a day when a package was delivered, addressed to Sameer. His bemusement turned to excitement when he opened the small box to find a simple wristwatch. It was appropriately boy-sized and had a few digital buttons and a bright blue velcro strap.
John was reassuring. "But still solved." Sherlock had pursed his lips, annoyed now that it settled around them both, wishing it had been ... just ...
"Somewhat," she replies. Dawn dims the lights so the room feels a little less intense. "So, Mr. Holmes, couple of things. Just listen okay?" Blue eyes, blinking, watch her from over the clear pliable, plastic of the face mask. "Think about, and take, deeper breaths." She pauses, standing where he can see her. "Think about getting air all the way down here," and she gestures along her own ribs, from shoulder to just above her waist. "If you take deeper breaths, you'll slow down, feel better, breathe easier. And move more air." She finds two pillows from the counter, offers one to John, and keeps speaking. "Sometimes people find it more relaxing to have their arms supported, like in a great easy chair?" Tucking one under the arm on her side of the bed, John does the same on his own side, keeping the IV lines from getting tangled. "See if you can just rest a bit, breathe easy."
His nurse, Ashley, chuckled and swooped in again to rescue the moment. "All right, you slacker, enough lounging about. Your family's waiting for you at home. I hope they don't pounce on the ambulance or anything. Go home, be well, we'll never forget you!"
"Of course not," he said shuffling. He raked his eyes over Sherlock's exposed chest. He was surprised by how muscular he was. Then he noticed Sherlock's nipples budding, he must be freezing. "Let's move on to a different game," he said as he set down the cards.
"We're going out now, so come on," John said, getting his own coat.
John swiped the tip of Sherlock's cock and used the precome as a bit of lube, stroking faster. "Do you like that?" he asked, his voice mostly breath.
Sherlock laughed. "Right," he said. "If I were romantically in love with myself, don't you think I'd spend more time masturbating and you already know I haven't in this flat. Whatever, John." He finished his tea and picked up his wine. "Truth or dare?"
Sherlock heard a noise and looked down. He could tell there was someone there, and his first thought was to get his parents. But he didn’t. He leaned out a little further and looked down. “John, is that you?” he asked. “What are you doing?”
"Go back to that day, " John said quietly. "When you first walked in, following your lead . . ."
"Sit in the window like you do when you think I'm sleeping," he said. "You're not leaving." He pushed Sherlock gently further into the flat and away from the door.
John picked up the pillow and threw it at Sherlock. "Shut up. You're a virgin, too."
"That sounds perfect," John said, pulling on his boxers.
“Everyone is glad you’re home,” she said. She paused for a minute. “Speaking of that, have you spoken to John? I talked to his mum a few weeks ago -- he’s going into the Army.”
"A week clean?" he asked.
John got up and took the beaker. "What happens if you're wrong?"
John looked over at him, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to process it. "Why are you shouting at me? Do we have plans I didn't know about?"
John nodded. "It really is."
Sherlock followed John out of the bar, pulling him close as soon as they got out on the street. When a taxi stopped, Sherlock slipped in next to John. “Just so we’re both clear,” he said. “Is staying the night an option?”
“I don’t regret it,” Sherlock mumbled against the pillow. “I hope you don’t either.”
He was relatively sure that Mrs Hudson and John’s celebration had ended hours ago and John could already be asleep. Still, he sent a text.
“Greg who?”
“All right, Sherlock told John. We can share this cave. They waited until the morning light, though, to move John in. By then whatever had made the noise outside was gone.”
John looked out of the window as the cab headed back to the flat. He knew there wasn't a case. Sherlock was just being a baby, but he couldn't explain why he was going home. His mind drifted to the conversation in his room. Did it have something to do with that? But that had been about work -- this was about his social life. Those two things were separate.
"I've been thinking about it since you moved in," Sherlock admitted. He slipped his shirt over his head and pulled John's chest to his own. John moved his mouth lower, kissing along Sherlock's jaw, sucking his neck lightly. His hands explored every inch of Sherlock's exposed skin, thumbs rubbing over his nipples.
“Just like you,” Sherlock said, laughing a bit at himself.
John browsed on his computer while Sherlock worked at the desk. His mind wandered to Harry and what she was out doing. Hopefully it all went well and they didn't fight. Everything had been so messy before. He was worried, but was trying to be hopeful.
John leaned back into his hand again with a small hum. "What do you need to show me?" he asked, taking another sip of wine.
John sat at his desk and worked on the computer for a long time, taking notes for the paper he had to write. Forty pages on an advanced medical procedure and the effect of it on society. He hated writing papers, but he was so close to the end of school and to the start of a residency that he tried to ignore his annoyance about it. Four hours later he had to break for more food. His friend had texted for another job, and John accepted eagerly. After staring at the computer for the last few hours, he was ready to get out into the real world for something fun. He didn't know the band playing, but he didn't mind. That made it easier to do the job his friend needed him to do since he didn't go in with his own biases. As he was getting ready he wondered if that rude man was going to be there again. He didn't know why he thought of him all of a sudden. He imagined that the night would be more interesting if he showed up again.
John looked around again. "I'm sorry. I feel like I've intruded. I was told a flat was available and that the owner was expecting me -- I didn't mean to barge in like this," he said.
"I am as well," Sherlock said. "Thanks for listening, though." He stood up to get his wallet. "I've got no notes -- do you have some?"
Sherlock shot him a look. “Don’t,” he said. “I’ll make a list for John . . . he can bring them here tomorrow,” he said defeatedly.
John nodded, leaning up to kiss him again.
John gave a heated look at Sherlock, the annoyance from earlier building. "You don't have the skills necessary," he said.
Sherlock stepped back outside and hung the towel on the line. His shorts and shirt were pretty dry so he left them on. He returned and made tea, bringing it into the sofa. “Should we make a fire and do our dinner outside tonight?” he asked.
John rolled closer to Sherlock and lifted a hand to his face. “I’m glad she did,” he said.
“I don’t know what to say,” Sherlock said.
John licked out again to taste him. His hand moved lower, toying with Sherlock's pants.
“Yes, but we didn’t bring any,” Sherlock said. “We’ve got muesli and some toast. Should I make us some?”
The phone rang a half hour later. Sherlock took a deep breath and answered.
“Anything?” Sherlock asked cheekily.
“My brother knows, I know he does,” Sherlock said. “I’ve called him. He’s got an hour to get back to me before I go chasing him.”
John looked over at him. “It was a very good dinner party, Sherlock,” he said. “Small but intimate.”
"Let's keep listening to music," he said. He took a sip of his drink.
John nodded, panting softly. "Yes," he murmured.
Sherlock examined the photo.
"Well, maybe I can help," John offered. "If you want."
Sherlock looked over the menu. “Have you had sushi before?” he asked.
"You've never stolen anything?" Sherlock asked suspiciously. "Remember, if you lie you have to drink twice," he added as if somehow he now controlled the rules of the game.
Once she was gone, John asked, "What was she talking about?"
“God, John, tonight -- all I’m trying to find out is if you are staying home with me tonight!” The words didn’t sound quite right coming out of Sherlock’s mouth, but it was precisely the information he was after.
John hummed around Sherlock's cock as he started moving -- his head and his finger in sync. Slowly he moved up to two fingers, his cheeks hollowing around the shaft.
“I was shouting your name for twenty minutes!”
“Fine,” she said grumpily, grabbing his mug from his hand. “Let me make a pot of tea and then we’ll start, all right?”
"Sure," John said. He followed Sherlock into the kitchen and paused. "What's all this?" he asked, motioning to the mess.
Sherlock began to move a bit as well, tugging John down again. He held his head in his hands and said, "I love you, John," before he kissed him again. Then he moved one of his hands down to John's cock, stroking it in time with John's movements. He pressed his back against the mattress so he could more easily lift his hips. He closed his eyes for a moment, letting the pleasure fill his body. It'd been a long time since he'd given into any physical urge, but this wasn't like when he was using - this was better because it was a connection to the one person Sherlock truly loved.
“Thanks for the tea,” she said. As he walked away, she smiled.
John shook his head. "I didn't say you had to leave," he countered. "I wanted you to stay the night."
“Did you do something to my sleeping bag?” he asked John when he came out of the bathroom.
John nodded. "You're my sister. Let me take a shower and we can go."
"Something here or go out?"
John nodded again, taking his shirt and trousers off. He lay under the blanket in his pants and undershirt, the TV playing softly until he fell asleep.
The man and the woman dropped what was in their hands, but they had no where to go. The police grabbed and cuffed them immediately.
"Shut up," the boyfriend snapped.
“Anything, everything,” Sherlock said. “Whatever you want.”
John didn't know how long he tossed and turned. The room was dark and the flat was quiet. He got up and crept down the stairs, looking at the mess he made. Slowly he started cleaning it up, carefully arranging everything as quietly as he could before going back to bed.
"I'm hungry," John said. "Want anything?"
John nodded. "I've thought about it before," he repeated.
Sherlock slipped off his shoes and then grabbed his book, dropping it near the head of his sleeping bag. He still felt quite hot so he lay down on top of it instead of getting inside. But it felt a little prickly, almost like something was stinging through his t-shirt, so he couldn’t get comfortable.
Sherlock pulled his arm. “Let go of me,” he said, looking straight at Jim. “I don’t need your help.”
"Mine because I have to guess what you wrote, so I can't see it."
“I think so,” Sherlock said. He realised his body was now moving, pushing back slowly with John’s rhythm, mirroring his hand moving on his cock. “Yes,” he said softly. “It feels good.”
John glanced over. "What are you so smug about?"
When he finally opened the box, he froze, unable to take his eyes off of it. It was a briefcase--or rather a medical bag. It was soft leather, a deep brown colour, with his name stitched into the front flap. It was a gorgeous thing. He looked away only when he heard a noise from Mrs Hudson. She was crying softly, wiping her eyes with the rag she'd hit him with.
“Do you think this is stupid? Say if you do,” Sherlock said, glancing over again to make sure his mum wasn’t listening. “I know sometimes I come up with ideas you hate.”
“But you have had one?”
She gave him one more squeeze and then left.
"I want to taste you," John moaned softly.
Sherlock raised his arms in a stretch. “I need to make a phone call,” he said. “Want to order the food? I’ll take my usual.” He headed into his room and rang his brother.
John shifted onto his back. "Why did you get up?" he asked.
“Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said.
John lifted his gaze to Sherlock's. "What if they are?"
"That's good . . .’ John mumbled, moving his hands all over Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his eyes. “Should we just tell him?” he asked. “I’m not a child.”
Sherlock finished his tea, making small talk with John about nothing really. When John finished, he took the plate and their mugs into the kitchen. "Perhaps we could watch a film in my room," he offered when he returned with their refilled wine glasses. "Just a thought."
John shook his head. "I can't have you being anxious," he said, moving a bit closer.
"And do you like this as well?" Sherlock asked, turning on his side and snuggling in against John's body.
John nodded. "I like the sounds you're making . . . you're so sexy . . ."
“We don’t know exactly what it is,” Greg continued. “You won’t either, Mister Expert. But we need you to find out.”
“I don’t think those details are pertinent at the moment,” his brother said.
“Wrong,” Sherlock said. “You had an early morning. It was late.” He looked up. “I never said I didn’t want to see you again.”
"Fine," she said. "You behave yourself."
John fixed up the bed and came out to find Sherlock just as the bell rang. He glanced at Sherlock and went down to answer the door.
“I missed you,” Sherlock said sweetly, staring lovingly into his eyes. He held his gaze for a moment, and then said, “All right, soldier. On your feet.”
"You're welcome, though what I think we've learned here is that cooking is not really my specialist skill," he said.
"It'll be okay because I'll help him," John said.
Sherlock rolled onto his back and thought. "I could give you a back rub?" he offered.
"Right, good," Sherlock said. He shifted his body a little. It's not that he wasn't comfortable, it was that he was almost too comfortable. He tried to prop himself up a little more and ended up elbowing John's back. "Sorry," he mumbled and then let out a little sigh as he readjusted.
“I am not,” Sherlock said. “We’re not stopping here, we’re going through.” He kept walking and then glanced over. “Is murder the first thing that comes to mind when you’re in a dark alley?” he asked cheekily.
“I don’t think --” Sherlock started. He turned his head away.
“I know he can,” Sherlock said. He moved toward the door. “All right -- I’m off to see Molly. John . . . don’t do anything stupid. And don’t be out late.”
John nodded, leading the way out of the house and reminding Sherlock to grab a key.
So John hadn’t changed his mind, Sherlock thought, not entirely sure how he’d have felt if John had. He wasn’t particularly keen to help John move, but felt like it was expected that he would. If he did, though, would John start expecting him to help with everything? That felt worrying. He tried to find a middle ground.
“I can tell you don’t know how to do anything,” Jim said. “So I thought I could help you be more normal. That’s what friends do.”
John pulled the covers over both of them and curled into Sherlock and the warmth of his body. They drifted asleep, safe and sound at home. John dreamt about their kisses. And Sherlock dreamt about tigers.
He went back to the blog and re-read every single post and comment. Then he clicked “Contact Us” and typed.
John was starting to regret grabbing this guy out of the crowd. "Look, I don't have a ton of cash on me and I don't think I should pay you for just . . . standing next to me," he said.
John laughed and shook his head. "Mine was better," he said. He was still grinning.
"Only you."
"It’s for the stupid ritual -- the dark makes it special," Harry teased. John glared at her. “I heard you talking on the phone,” she said with a smirk.
"Just give me one second to finish answering this," John said, typed up the last of the response and then stood up with a stretch, moving to the kitchen to start the kettle.
John looked up at him. "And what are you looking for?"
Sherlock groaned at John’s movement, but lifted his hands quickly to hold John’s head, keeping the kiss going. Then he slid his hand between their bodies to stroke himself again. Every nerve was on fire, and his body felt tight and hot.
"Who was it?" John asked. His fingers lightly scraped Sherlock's head.
Sherlock pressed a soft kiss onto the back of John's neck. "Good night, John," he said.
Sherlock looked up when John passed through the room, but John didn’t acknowledge him. He watched him disappear into the bedroom and shut the door behind him. Their night at the hotel flashed in his mind, and for a moment, Sherlock thought about going up after him. But he didn’t.  He shook away the memory and tried to turn his attention back to the computer.
Sherlock lay there for a few minutes. The cabin was quiet except for John’s breathing and the quiet hum of the small refrigerator. He could hear the noises from outside, which were kind of nice actually. He closed his eyes. The floor still felt quite hard underneath him, despite the cushion of the sleeping bag. He turned on his side and opened his eyes. John’s face was quite near his own. “You asleep?” he whispered. “This is kind of weird.”
“Remember what you used to want to play Army every time you came over? I’m glad you got over that phase,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock found himself smiling. He pressed his mouth against the back of John’s neck, which he realised meant he was giving him a kiss. It was an odd thing to find himself doing. “I’m glad you came with me,” he said.
She looked at him suspiciously.
"I think you're great, Mrs Holmes." He smiled at Sherlock. "She's always feeding me."
“Come get something to eat before you two run off,” she said, heading back into the kitchen.
"I'm still wearing your clothes," Sherlock said as he slid one hand down to John's arse.
"I got the papers, relax. I hope there's a case so you can finally calm down," he announced as he came in.
Sherlock got up and stretched before going to get a cup of tea. He washed the plates and left them in the sink to dry. He carried his tea back to the sofa and turned on the television.
“John made me,” Sherlock said and then burst out laughing.
John smiled and lay down beside him, facing him. "Did you like it then?"
“You remember?”
"Thank you, Sherlock," John whispered.
John grinned at Sherlock. "Nothing! What's up with you?" He hung up as the man started to curse angrily.
Sherlock looked over. John looked serious. “When did this all happen? Today?” he asked. He was sure he’d seen people out and about yesterday. Didn’t John go out at one point? Suddenly the last five days blurred into one, and he felt like he couldn’t remember anything specific.
John looked at Sherlock, amused by his distress. "I think we are," he said dramatically.
When Sherlock woke up, he had no idea what time it was. He wasn’t even sure what day it was. He tried hard to concentrate and remembered Mycroft had said something about danger. Sherlock must have been relocated once again. This time he was being held in a jail as a prisoner -- unpleasant, he could imagine his brother saying, but safe. He had a vague sense of being drugged upon his arrival here, which felt more than unpleasant. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been there, but more importantly he wasn’t sure how long he’d have to stay.
John bit his lip and smiled down at the phone.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, tangling their legs. “At least I’ll try. Because I’m just glad you’re back.” He held onto his arm.
John grinned stupidly.
“Does that mean you told her about what happened?” Sherlock asked. “I’d assumed you’d be using some discretion.”
"Yes," John said. "I'm reading articles."
John moved around his room, rearranging things so it would feel more comfortable. He didn't know how he liked everything yet in this new room. He found his clock radio in one of the boxes and put it next to the bed, fiddling until he tuned into some music.
John looked over and then did a double take. "What, uh . . . what are you doing here? I mean . . . what are you wearing?" he asked, blinking a bit as he got his head together.
John smiled around his brush as he heard the phone going off over and over. He came back to it.
"I once had a dream about this," Sherlock said. "A long time ago . . . right after you moved in." He lifted his hand to grip the back of John's head, pulling lightly on his hair.
John hardly slept that night. When he got home he got on the computer to find some ideas for a quick trip. He printed a lot of different things out before he finally fell asleep. In the morning he came down to his mum making breakfast.
“No, you’re not, John,” Sherlock said. “Thank God for that.”
"M'sorry," she mumbled. "I really was trying, I really was doing well . . ."
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted. “I guess I must like it. Is that okay?”
"That's not all I am," he said.
"Small . . . office . . ." Sherlock said, blinking his eyes open to meet John's.
“No, it’s clear you’re smart enough,” Sherlock said. “I suppose I just assumed you were more interested in going out and trying to make red-headed men fall in love you.”
“Just read, worked, that sort of business,” Sherlock said, keeping it vague. “We might have a couple clients I’ll check out tomorrow while you’re at work.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock said and rolled them both over so John was on top of him. “And from now on, we can get lucky every day if we’d like,” he added, wrapping his legs around John’s.
John wrapped an arm around him. "I think it will be."
"Shall I hide?"
"This is my last year," John said.
"Yes, it's good." John sat down and looked around. "No problems."
"I don't want to bother you -- should I talk to you later? Are you busy?"
"I've watched some stuff before," John said. "Not just porn but . . . normal stuff." He felt his cheeks flush.
John nodded. "It feels good," he said. He rolled his hips, sliding his hand down to stroke Sherlock's cock slowly.
“I won’t do anything too fancy,” Sherlock said. “Although I could. . .”
“I bet you were good at it,” Sherlock said. “I never did public speaking -- even when we went to science competitions, I didn’t do the talking.”
John blinked at him. He couldn't wrap his mind around it. Sherlock was so stimulated already, with cases and mysteries. "I never would have guessed. How -- I mean -- you've never done it since?"
Sherlock stood there stupidly on the street, trying to make sense of the last few minutes. Then he tried to make sense of everything his mother had said to him during his visit. He was trying to make sense of everything.
John couldn't stop the gasp. Sherlock's back was torn apart and bruised. He shifted and got off the bed, leaving to get his medical bag.
They each took a drink.
“Where have you been?” Sherlock asked on John walked in. John’s not being home had annoyed him and he couldn’t really hide it, even though he remembered the lectures John had given him in the past about his tone of voice.  Surely as soon as he explained his success, John would be too amazed to be angry about Sherlock’s voice.
Sherlock stared at the television. “Hmm,” he said. “I thought you were the funny one . . .” He whipped the pillow back over at John.
"Um, yeah. Yeah, I'm hungry. But do you mind just having something quick here?"
John shifted and got out of bed, tugging his trousers close and fishing out his phone. "Hello?"
"Hmm. I think about it. I'll be right back.”
John sat next to Sherlock and took a deep breath. "Everything always smells so good here," he said.
“No,” he mumbled again.
"What? What's updog?"
John watched him go and then turned back to his typing.
"She didn't want to see me. Said she's 'done' - how can she say that? How can she just cut me totally off?"
"Well, everyone is different," he said. He took a sip of his drink.
Sherlock slipped his phone into his pocket and handed the driver some money. He got out, unlocked the door to Baker Street and moved quickly up the stairs. He took a deep breath and stepped inside the flat.
"That was a thoughtful present he got you," she said, taking the present from John and setting it aside.
"I'm done," he said, getting up quickly.
Things were starting to make sense to him now. "All right," he said, taking back his cup. He glanced at the clock. "I can be ready to go in time," he said.
"Nope," John admitted. "I was trying to, but someone kept hitting me with things."
John pushed up a bit to return the kiss with equal need, his body pressing against Sherlock's. They were no longer dancing.
John shook his head. "She'll sleep all night, it's fine. I think I'd like to lie down too."
“Why?” she asked.
"I don't think I could sleep," he admitted.
"Hmm, I guess we'll have it hemmed and I'll take it," John said.
Sherlock paused for a moment. “Maybe,” he said. “Is that how you got the gig doing that thing for your friend?” he asked.
John took a long sip. "What would make it perfect? To you, I mean."
Sherlock poured two mugs and carried them into the sitting room. He sat on the sofa to wait. The flat felt a bit different already.
"You too," John said. "I'll see you around, hopefully."
Mrs Hudson had reminded him to say something nice to her about the wedding, but this time Sherlock didn’t need prompting: she looked happier than he’d ever seen her so he told her that.
“All right,” Sherlock said, with a smile. He was quite eager and couldn’t hide the fact. He crawled up the bed and lay down. “Should I lie here?” he asked.
"I'm not anxious. We can talk about anything you want," he smiled.
“I never understood all that,” Sherlock said. “But I’m sure you were good.”
"Wine," Sherlock said. "Did your parents let you drink wine when you were five?"
“And what’s that supposed to mean?” he asked.
"It is," Sherlock said, sliding his arms around John's waist. "We could sleep like this each night. We don't have to, but we could."
“Traitor,” Sherlock mumbled. “Fine, Mycroft, you got your way. Where am I going?”
Sherlock winced a little, but squeezed her back.
“I thought you said you didn’t have any friends, John said to him. I didn’t, Sherlock said, but now that we’ve met, I have one. And this guy will have food to feed my friend."
“That’s funny,” Sherlock said. “Because I had to go to quite a bit of trouble to see you. You, on the other hand, had my phone number on my card. Yet . . .”
“I don’t know . . .”
“What business? Is this Timmy?”
Sherlock’s mum brought over two plates with a half sandwich on each. “What have you two got planned?” she asked.
John swallowed hard and looked around the sitting room. It was Sherlock's livelihood. Would he be honoring Sherlock to try it? He imagined Sherlock laughing at him, teasing him. Everyone knew John was nowhere near as skilled as Sherlock had been. But if it was something easy . . . maybe it would help him feel close to Sherlock again. He took a deep breath and moved his hands over the keyboard.
"I don't - you're not disgusting," John said. He turned and faced Sherlock. "I just don't . . . I mean, that's not our relationship, is it? We're friends. It was just embarrassing, but it’s not the worst thing," he admitted. "Can we drop it now?"
“I’m not bored,” Sherlock said. He stood up and took his mug to the sink then turned around and looked out blankly at the flat. “I think I’ll turn on the television,” he said, moving into the sitting room and flopping onto the sofa.
John put his phone down and sighed loudly. "Fuck . . ."
“You were also right that the owner doesn’t exist. He wasn’t created by anyone at the gallery, though.”
"Well, you could keep a couple things," he smiled.
Sherlock's grandparents fussed over him quite a bit at the restaurant, which was annoying but also nice in a way. They talked a bit about his brother who was somewhere abroad doing something important. He hoped his dad would not bring up the job thing again, afraid somehow his brother would get involved.
"Fine. Fine! You don't want it cleaned up?" John swept his arm across the desk, sending pens, pencils and papers all over the floor. "There! A sty, just like you like it," he yelled. He stormed off and up to his room, slamming the door shut.
"Nope," he smiled. "I'll go upstairs and leave you to it."
"Possibly -- it makes it easier to talk," Sherlock said. "I'm not good at talking about things like this, as I'm sure you've noticed."
Mycroft waved his hand. “This is not my doing, Sherlock -- it’s the hospital’s recommendation,” he said. “I’m sure once Dr Watson sees the situation, he will agree with their findings.”
Sherlock smiled. “Yes,” he said. “She’s always coming up with schemes. I doubt there was ever a problem with the pipes in that house. That’s just the kind of thing she’d do.”
Sherlock stepped up to the desk. He pulled his spare police ID from his pocket and flashed it. “We need the records from the Norbury Gallery. Last two weeks, please.”
Mrs Hudson carried the post up the stairs and knocked gently on the door.
"Let me taste, please?" John said, trying to get down on his knees.
“You mean flirting?” Sherlock said. “I don’t think that’s a good idea . . .”
John smiled. "I don't think you win over redheads by grabbing a tall brunette and pretending he's your boyfriend," he said.
“Yes, I want to,” Sherlock said. He lifted his hands and started to unbutton his shirt.
John pushed the deck closer to him and then replaced just one in his own hand.
