,” Sherlock says, nearly swallowing a cotton ball. He frantically pushes the thing higher with his tongue. “You don’t have the right invite.”
Sherlock glares at him.
“Yes, he’s great. Look at those arms! Oh my god, he is so ripped,” Tan continues. “But I hear you like to make deductions about people. Wouldn’t you agree that the way you dress, the way you present yourself in the world, is important, then?”
Sherlock pulls back, pushes the emergency button and the elevator starts moving once more.
a heart? He clears his throat. “What can I help you with? STD test?”
John feels heat radiating off Sherlock. He slowly slips further, not daring to use any more fingers but one.
“Water is precious and therefore rationed,” Sholto says. “And must not be dispensed lavishly, however hot it gets.”
“Christ,” Lestrade says. “What’s gotten into you, John?”
Not that there’s anything wrong with being gay.
“Oh gurl, we know,” Katya interrupts from the judging table. “Party.”
“I’ve prepared this for your travels, it’s full of handy gadgets,” Q says. “There’s a pair of glasses that can make its own case explode from a distance. There’s explosive toothpaste. There’s a towel that absorbs bloodstains to hide evidence. Well. You’ll see. I’ve included a handy instruction manual to go with the items.”
“Ohhh, this is good, this is very good,” She-lock mutters. “Hold onto those handcuffs, John, because you’ll be needing them. Just not for
“Are we even insured for this… lunacy?” Sherlock asks the stage technician, bewildered. He rubs his temples, accidentally wiping off some of the green paint.
“An impending divorce, I see,” Sherlock says.
The lights dim in She-lock’s panicked brain. The timer on her life, on this show, on this set, comes to an abrupt halt. John presses softly into her, and it’s nothing like the rough, lust-driven kisses she’s had before. Nothing like the Craigslist coldness. No, John is warm, and giving, and passionate, and while they’re barely moving, she can feel every slight shiver of his lips.
Oh god, what a rush. She-lock had forgotten the speed of Drag Race, the utter madness, the intoxicating, addictive feeling of trying to get in drag on a timer. The thrill of the lace, blood pumping through her veins.
The group of four opens as if Mozes has split the sea. Curiously they scan John, then Sarah. Sherlock they ignore importunately. Sebastian points to a woman whose dark blue dress is cut so low that John thinks he can distinguish the point where her back ends and the curvature of her behind starts. He tries not to stare.
And anyway, he doesn’t own Sherlock’s body. Sherlock can do what he pleases. So he should man up and be happy for him.
John nods. Search through her stuff, sure. Though he’ll be surprised if there
“Can I… share with you?” he asks, sick of interrogating, of lying, of talking. He wants a moment no recording device can understand.
However, not enjoying free booze, that would be a crime.
, you listen to me carefully. Not even the Queen herself can help you. And I don’t mean RuPaul. You don’t think I’ve tried everything in my power? You’ve made your own bed. Don’t make this difficult for me, and simply cooperate. You’ve always been the weak one of the family...”
She-lock must overcome her biggest obstacle, though: partnered dancing.
“It’s from Mycroft,” John says.
John resigns to his fate. It’s his final date with Jonathan Wilson today. He grabs a suit the hipster boy prepared for him. Into battle.
“Neither was getting shot at with real bullets.”
John puts down his cup of tea. It shakes on its saucer. Hell. Sherlock is milking that banana for all it’s fucking worth.
John should stop touching him, surely. He removes his hand, and turns around, faces the wall wide-eyed. Heart beating in his chest.
, and now John has put him in an awkward position, on television. He should make this turning down thing a little easier on him.
John swallows his bread. What choice does he have, really? He can’t confess his love, it’s clearly unrequited, unwanted. John can’t inflict the burden of his feelings upon Sherlock, who would undoubtedly feel betrayed. He thought he could safely experiment, and trusted John with his body, only to have to deal with something as tedious as a friend’s sexual identity crisis.
Almost unnoticeably, John Watson’s body relaxes. He stands down, like a true army man.
“Could be coincidence,” John tries.
“The doctors brought him out of the coma, and it went great. He could even tell us who stabbed him.” Lestrade pauses.
Sherlock keeps his eyes closed, his trembling hands in John’s, as John gently kisses the salt off his cheek. Sherlock moves his head slightly, and John’s lips finally touch his, a soothing warmth in the empty grave that is a church.
“Let’s leave the top alone for now,” Sherlock mumbles.
She struts on. “Just like Alaska. She loves Michelle Visage as much as Coco loves creepy contact lenses. Also, I track her online accounts and she hasn’t been Paypalling. She’s a slag, but innocent.”
Right before the elevator doors close, Sherlock manages to jump in. He’s panting. He’s still wearing the jeans and blue shirt he was wearing yesterday. That he kissed both Jonathan and John in. That he
She was sure John didn’t like her that way. Not after last night.
“Look, John, I hear you. And I don’t want to force you into anything you’re not comfortable with. I want to collaborate. I’m not throwing away all your jumpers, I promise. Maybe half. But I brought you here because every man needs a suit.”
“Sorry, I don’t know any more of your songs to quote,” Alaska says.
“And now,” he reads. “Friends and family will say a few words.”
“There are already enough queer eyes in this house, we don’t need loose ones,” Tan scolds.
“No I didn’t,” John says calmly.
“... of blood,” his friend adds. The two of them exchange glances.
Next, Sharon Needles gets mixed reviews for the witchy drag outfits she threw together for her and her drag sister, Sticky Needles.
There’s a short beat, but then they both start giggling. Oh Lord. She-lock can’t help it, she’s bending double, wiping tears from her eyes.
Pain, monkey business and dick moves. Basically.
“What do you think you’re doing out there?” John asks, fuming.
“Show me,” Sherlock orders.
“Should be an interesting experience to you,” Sherlock sticks the knife right where he suspects a wound. “How far will you go for this show, David?”
“Shut up, Trixie,” Phi Phi glares. “I look amazing, and my drag has evolved.”
“Sharing is caring,” Sharon Needles says.
It’s amazing to watch. John sucks gently.
Anderson points him to the bathroom. In that rather small space, Lestrade and Dimmock are seated on the edge of the bath, with a makeshift table in front of them that holds a radio-like setup. Dimmock is still in heels, John notices. Show-off. As if he’ll win on the runway tomorrow. His queen, Jinkx Monsoon, has mostly been napping!
Magnussen’s right hand slips under John’s polo, touching his T-shirt.
She walks on, excited to discover a little bit of Poirot inside her. It’s been a long time since anything was inside her, really. “Next up, Phi Phi. A pageant queen: she only plays mind games. Frankly, I don’t deem her smart enough to do this,
John clears his throat. “Watson. John Watson,” he says. “And this is Sherlock Holmes. You know.
Sherlock gets the first rose, receiving cold glares from David and sharks. David gets the second rose quickly though.
Tan looks him in the eye. “Now, John. Who’s your style icon?”
At least, John assumes it’s a compliment.
She turns around and walks straight off set.
Sherlock rubs between his eyebrows. “It was dangerous, John.”
But when the door closes behind them, he can’t help but be endeared by John’s bulging eyes, open mouth, and childlike excitement. The Sleeping Beauty suite is far bigger than 221B, and far more expensive-looking. It has a large dining room with seating for ten, it has a spacious and light living room filled with Disney memorabilia, a luxurious bathroom with rain shower and -
Sherlock walks up to the pulpit. The last few attendees sit down, the crowd silences, and a few press photographers start clicking away.
On the tape, Brooke Lynn continues: “I’m feeling your oats so hard.”
Sharon Needles, who’s been listening in on their conversation, decides to pitch in from her work table. “She’s talking about the tyre iron you’re carrying in your pants, sis.”
“Unrelated, but how do you feel about wearing bomber jackets?”
“Probably should have started with the wrists, then I could have helped you,” Sherlock says.
Never did he imagine Sherlock walking back into this apartment again, yet he preserved 221b like a living memory.
Input?
“But”, John says, “if you want more – if you want it all, or just some of it, in whatever dose you want, with whatever softness or hardness or a mixture of everything, whatever you may need. I am here. I am willing to give it to you, whenever.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock. I know you’re not -”
John jumps up from the bushes, whistling. “Where to now, 0028?” he asks, smiling broadly.
Sherlock repeats it, word for word. John takes it, blow by blow.
Not until the door swings open, and a loud voice booms.
And had it not been clear, all along, how he felt about Jonathan?
“Sherlock had many friends.”
“Right. Would you say you dislike Carson more than Michelle?”
She-lock throws him a murderous look. And she knows Murder. Oh, does she. She’s a professional. Murder is to her what Cher is to Chad Michaels.
“No, you don’t,” John says. “I’m a fan. Of James Bond.”
In the middle of the room there's a small group of people in their late twenties, early thirties, carrying crystal champagne glasses. So those are Sherlock's old friend's from university. John studies them. They're all expensively dressed, not fit for a murder game at all, and suddenly John feels quite self conscious in his dirty rugby shirt. He stares at the glass that Sebastian has pushed between his fingers. It's got a golden rim. He holds it a bit lower, to make as few smudges as possible.
Sherlock furrows his brows. “I know.”
In John’s chest, there’s also shaking.
“Exactly,” John says. “Though now is not the time for puns.”
Sharon barely flinches. Though that expressionless face cost a lot of money, John is sure.
“Well, I was thinking Joanlock Holmes?”
Cue dramatic music –
There’s a long, awkward stare. John panics. Should he still suggest the lip licking?
“We've met a few months ago”, John says. He doesn't even know why he's lying. It's been a few weeks tops. But, to be fair, his life has been so turned upside down – improved – that it feels like years.
“Do you trust me?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock turns his head to the side, refusing to meet his brother’s gaze. Why is it suddenly so hard to swallow?
“You kind of want to have me - him - begging for it, for example by touching… the inside of his legs, his balls. By blowing or licking softly. You can use your hands, and your mouth. Again, this is all about suggestion.”
“Hm?” John asks.
-Monét X Change: queen who wore an epic sponge dress (seriously; google it) and then sponges became her thing
John's fist is nervously opening and closing. Across the table, Sarah shares a knowing look with him.
-zap-
Sherlock looks absolutely mortified.
The shadow remains silent.
As Jonathan starts snipping, he keeps building John’s confidence. “You’re giving me major Mark Ruffalo vibes right now. Oh my god, you look gorge. You know you’re already gorgeous, right? You’re going to look a-ma-zing.”
“Are they dead?”
“It’s not a game,” Sherlock says, fingers gripping more tightly around his glass.
John’s stomach sinks.
“Right,” John says. “I should get going. She-lock is expecting me.”
Just in time. Jonathan has arrived, and takes a seat at the table’s end, between Bainbridge and Magnussen. His back is to the camera. He seems tense, and angry. He stares at the middle of the table, where the newspaper was. Nobody dares to say a word.
He breathes heavily through his nose, counts to ten.
Sherlock smiles. Jonathan puts his hand on the small of his back as he guides him into the front car. They’re the only visitors in the park today, so they can have the best spots. Attached to the front of the coaster, a modified GoPro will register their reactions. John also has a live stream for that one, on a different monitor. He’ll need a private recording of it later. It will be a hit at Scotland Yard parties.
Ru giggles. John closes his mouth - his jaws seem to have parted all on their own. What on earth are they chatting about?
“It’s not any of your business.”
He checks Wiggins’ breath and wrist. His heart skips a beat.
Mycroft blinks fast, taken aback. “How so?”
“You are, but curiously, you’re repressing it. I read people, John, that’s what I do. And you, my newly assigned drag family member, are gagging for it. What was it that made you shut it all in? Was it…” She-lock takes a few steps closer to John. He tries not to flinch away. “... an odd experience in the army? An overbearing, homophobic father? What is it that made you this way?”
“Vicar?”
“What’s going on here?” A loud voice booms from beside the stage. And then: a loud clucking sound.
Sherlock freezes, then brings his gorgeous lips close to John’s ear. “I’m
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, John.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, then looks down, clears his throat. “You know about this. You know why I can’t undress.”
“Listen, Sherlock Holmes is in mortal danger. For real,” John says. He hears Q’s breath hitch on the other end of the line.
Bainbridge relaxes his shoulders slightly.
“You literally complain all the time!” Michelle exclaims.
The three shopping bags are left at the door while John walks up and down the living room. Sherlock is crouched in his chair, hands folded, fingertips nearly touching.
tired. Of everything. Sighing, he removes his shirt.
“Carefullllll, Phi Phi,” Alaska says. “There will be a two-way mirror.”
“Indeed. I might need your… input,” She-lock says.
He holds up his phone. “Twitter’s been going crazy all day. Everyone already… knows.”
“Thought I heard you boys,” she says happily. “Where are you two off to in such a hurry?”
“Moriarty killed himself,” Sherlock says. “And you wouldn’t care that much about Moriarty. It has to be something else, something more. You’re a proud woman. I took that pride away when I punched in the code to your phone, didn’t I?”
John looks at her, back at her lips, back at her eyes, then seems to make a fast decision.
“In any case”, Lestrade interrupts. “We’ll be able to hear and record everything you and She-lock say. So try and get her to confess, eh?”
Especially here, in the middle of Moriarty’s web. Surrounded by enemies. He mustn’t… tell him.
When they reach the top of the ferris wheel, Jonathan turns to John.
“She can be a lady and a whore,” he says. “She’s at least one.”
He gets as far as the toilet. There, another man jumps on them, knocking John towards the vestibule doors.
More knocking.
Sherlock pales.
“That woman must have been a Bond fan, obviously. If you hadn’t been mouthing off during those Bond nights… Seriously Sherlock, what would you do without me?”
“Well,” John says, trying to buy some time.
John thinks. He looks at Sherlock who, good god, really put in the effort today. They’ve all dressed appropriately for the occasion, but Sherlock looks like he’s about to take prince William on a stroll through the Queen’s back garden. Beige breeches, tall fancy hunting boots that hug his calf almost up to his knee, a tight white polo covered by a blue riding jacket that’s longer in the back: Sherlock looks like he raided an expensive equestrian clothing store.
There’s a short silence.
“How’s it looking?”
does that -
“Shut up,” She-lock says.
“What about you, Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?”, he says. “Actually, I think you
“Yes. Teach me how to do the Heimlich maneuver.”
“I’m nervous, John,” he says.
Sherlock coughs briefly.
A spotlight shines on BenDeLa now, light scattering off her forehead Derrick Barry-style.
John is standing on the stage, several feet away from Dimmock, as the lights change. He looks frail, and vulnerable.
“How come you get to have your cellphone on you and we don’t?” Stephen Bainbridge asks.
“So today’s activities will go as planned. Every current suitor will attend the date.” Jonathan looks at everyone’s face, one by one.
“And you look marvelous. Now, Janine needed us for something,” he says, dragging them both out at the second floor.
John loathes it. He looks uncertainly at the rearview mirror, in which he can see the taxi driver's eyes reflected – and some sympathy in them. Great. Pity from the sodding cabbie. Can't trust them. Either they're murderers, or you wanna murder 'm.
“Nope. Perfectly fine”, John says, wondering how much Sherlock could exactly see through the glass – or hear. Well. It wouldn't even take a brilliant detective to deduce what exactly was going on in there. John grabs a towel nearby and wraps it around his waist, as if it would hide the evidence. No, that evidence is sliding all the way down the glass right now.
”, he says. “What’s your favorite musical?”
cook.”
“I stole EMC clothes for you!”
His voice nearly falters at ‘nothing’.
“This is awkward,” Mary says.
“Shut up,” Sherlock fumes. Tension definitely not broken.
“Moriarty had snipers, on you, on Lestrade and on Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock rapidly continues now. “If his men didn’t see me jump, didn’t see me
Sherlock tries to ignore that - though it really his area. To look at.
After about five thrusts, John lets go. “When the bit of food is ejected from their mouth, let go. They should be able to breathe on their own again.”
“I’m an army veteran, I’ve seen injury, violent death,” he says. “Enough for a lifetime. Don’t for one second think I have patience for this nonsense.”
Finally, they let him go, and he’d frankly kill for a nap. But just as he’s about to enter his hotel room, he sees Sherlock exit the elevator. In the gap between the closing elevator doors, he catches a quick glimpse of Jonathan Wilson leaning against the back wall, smiling. Looking rather smitten, really.
It’s what Sherlock wants.
“John,” she says. “John.”
For a second, the floor seems to fall away underneath John’s feet. Was everything filmed by production? Are there cameras in their individual hotel rooms?
“I’m sorry for your lo--,” he manages, but Mycroft grabs him by the arm and drags him past the altar, into the shadows.
In three fast steps, Sherlock has reached the table and he closes the laptop. Underneath his hand the computer's light shivers, like a soft sleepy breathing pattern, up and down.
They're not exactly foodies. It goes sour.
Jonathan turns to him, a tiny frown forming between his brows. His mouth is open, but no words come out.
“Well. It appears that was a…”
-House: In short, LGBT families, dirived from ballroom culture
John angrily throws Sherlock’s scarf over his neck, as they continue to walk in silence.
They dance, and shine light into the night, and each time Sherlock steps closer, each time he brushes a hand across Jonathan’s upper arm, each time their skin almost touches, he quickly looks back at John and David.
are Rosie’s home, damnit. You are!”
“Well, not much, I suppose.” She's all smiles. She, too, hasn't eaten her potato, John notices. “He was a reclusive man, to be honest I walked in on him a few times...” She side-eyes Sherlock. “Wanking sadly.”
“I don’t really… approve of adult circumcision,” Sherlock says.
“I know.” He fumbles with the papers. “I'm sorry. About... all that.”
“Then”, Sherlock says, his voice low and laced with pure sex. “he'd remove all his fingers at once, and position himself against me, rubbing his tip up and down my anus for a while. Just to make me want it more. To make me guess when he would enter me, in one go.”
Sherlock stares at it. He resists the temptation to touch his wig. A knot is forming in his stomach, his back pain acting up.
More than a feeling is entering Mary.
“Afghanistan or Iraq.”
John bites his lip. Apparently, this is important to Sherlock. Perhaps not because of the silly contracts - he’s sure Mycroft could get them out of it. Almost getting shot is probably a basis for annulment. But perhaps there is more to it. Sherlock has clearly been connecting to Jonathan in a way he never could, before. If this is a side of him Sherlock desires to explore, John needs to support him in that. How could he not want Sherlock to be happy?
Doesn’t… protect him.
Army veterans, though?
“She-lock.”
“It says M on the bottle.”
“Errr, thanks”, John says, shaking her hand. Was he supposed to do handshakes for all of them? Well. That ship has sailed, now.
, John thinks.
“Oh.” Sherlock ponders on this for a minute, then decides to pretend the silence is not his own doing. “Take your time, my son.”
They barely need him, John realizes. They’re tuned into each other.
“Now, according to Absolut All Stars rules, the top two queens will lip-sync for a cash tip of 10,000 dollars, and the power to eliminate one of the bottom queens, by putting a lipstick with the queen’s name on in their boobs,” Ru says. “Sharon is sashaying to prison as we speak. That means Phi Phi, Latrice and Vanjie, I’m sorry my dears, but you are up for elimination.”
“Oh, and I didn’t even bring my background dancer this time,” Trixie continues, “Kennedy Davenport.”
He soaps up his groin, still a little tender from shaving. And perhaps chafing, too.
He wheels the coffin just a tad faster down the aisle, while his estranged cousin carries a candle behind him. Some of the older people look rather shocked at his speed. An old aunt quickly tries to splash some holy water on the coffin in passing, but misses and nearly puts the candle out.
It turns out he wasn’t completely naked under the robe, but wearing a small white towel around his waist. John glances at it as Sherlock lies down, on his belly, and loosens the towel so it only lightly covers his buttocks. John swallows. Right. He’s a doctor, not a holiday resort employee. What does he know of massages?
“I'll start”, Sebastian takes charge of the conversation. “My name is Mike Sholmes, and I'm the victim's older brother.”
John’s brows lift. It’s odd to hear Sherlock thank people. Though he did, of course, thank John earlier in the restaurant too. Maybe Jonathan is causing a positive change in Sherlock.
John holds out his Walther P99 pistol - is it even loaded? - and looks the man in the eye.
He looks down, and sighs.
-Beating a face: applying makeup
“You were remarkably good at giving that rectal exam today, for example.”
“Molly is convinced that John is actually madly in love with Sherlock and wants us to give them both a little nudge in the right direction,” Karamo says. “Now, they already hang out a lot. John is a doctor and he works two days a week at a hospital. But apparently this Sherlock guy is a private detective and they spend most of their time solving cases together.”
“We’re unarmed, both of us,” he explains, adjusting an earring. “Mary and I propose a temporary truce. I think we both want the same thing: feel like ourselves again. I would like to leave this body before her period starts.”
“Reading?” John asks, strangely fascinated by the curly-haired man onscreen. Surely,
boner!” Sherlock complains. He’s not ever touching that thing again. They’re in a hospital, perhaps he can find a stoma somewhere…
Ru giggles. “But you’re happy to be here?”
Sherlock puts on his blue dressing gown and lies down on the sofa.
Sherlock glances at the camera behind John, and it breaks John’s heart. He looks stunned. Like he’s still expecting it to be a cruel joke.
John bounces back, next to Sherlock. But instead of talking, Sherlock stares at him intensely, at his face, down to his bloody Star Wars shirt, back to his neck, to his -
“I mourned you, Sherlock,” he spits out. He mustn’t cry.
in the bathtub and
“It was
They stopped doing that. Sherlock was rolling his eyes at the films so much, John suspected he didn’t enjoy it very much. John just didn’t want to force it on him, you know? So what if the man enjoyed staring down his microscope more?
Sherlock immediately pulls the man off, and punches him in the face. A little further down the carriage, John can see people running out the door. Some struggling to take their bags with them, others are just plain panicking. One teenager is undisturbed, playing a game on his phone.
“Don’t be scared, John.”
The hairs in John’s neck - and wig - rise as She-lock leans forward to whisper in his ear. “On All Stars 2, Alaska had a hissy fit and told people she would Paypal them 10,000 dollars if they didn’t eliminate her.”
Sherlock cannot get himself to voice his response.
Mary is already out the door, Moriarty following her lazily.
The petal shines oddly in his hand. He examines it closer.
She leaves, glaring at John.
“Just let go!” Sherlock yells, but his body can’t hear him.
“Doctor Wilson has always been rather fond of horseback riding, so he’s here to introduce you to his hobby.” She smiles at them.
“One more rose ceremony to go. And then the final dates,” David smiles. He would seem amused if his eyes didn’t look so terrified.
Sherlock keeps moving steadily, until he fills John completely.
Sherlock’s been asking himself the same thing. He should leave, now. And purge the world of Moriarty’s men. Perhaps never come back.
John tries to catch Sherlock’s gaze, but it seems a lot further than London. Sherlock’s bathrobe slides a little down from his shoulder, and there, in a light too soft for such cruelty, a gleaming line curls around the edges.
“It’s part of drag culture,” Dimmock says. “Made famous by the 90s documentary ‘Paris is burning’. RuPaul borrowed countless elements from it, to make this over-the-top, camp reality show.”
“You’re telling me you’ve been living with this beautiful man for seven years and nothing ever happened?” Karamo says. “Boy, no. You need to start living your truth.”
Well - he doesn’t want to think about Mycroft, that much is certain.
He should have thought this through, really.
“Not that. I’m talking about your expertise in makeup applying.”
Sherlock falls silent. Deducing, John assumes.
John sighs deeply. Alright, enough of this. Let’s put a cork in it.
The green grape puffs when it’s ripped from the bunch. A feeling John can relate to. Magnussen watches him, a tight-lipped smile on his face.
“M… Mycroft?”
Mycroft shakes Sherlock’s shoulders.
“I don’t know,” Latrice says, “How did it feel to lose but not even get properly bribed by Alaska?”
John quickly opens the door, because obviously Sherlock might be in danger. The two men look up immediately, like caught deer. They are standing at the wall – not in the bed, at least, and Victor is pressing Sherlock against it. And as if that's a totally normal position to be caught in with Sherlock Holmes, he doesn't even move backwards.
The secretary hands John the car keys, and it feels like accepting the crown of a faraway country. Carefully, he weighs the keys in his hands. It’s been a while since he’s driven a car. He doesn’t need one, living in London.
Bobby has stopped jumping up and down. “Are these... bullet holes in the wall?” he asks, bewildered. He has turned John’s jumper into a crop top.
Curious. She-lock has never done a drag show with her before. But from what she’s read, they have quite similar… histories.
Before things can get out of hand, they start shooting the episode. Each Elphaba is paired with their Glinda, and while the others look on from the wings, they perform their parts.
“Well that went arseways on us,” a female voice suddenly booms in his ears.
was supposed to be the dance teacher,” Alyssa says.
“You are! More than... Nobody is more important, John. Moriarty had snipers on you, and I had to do it, I had to jump, and he had to believe that - that you believed it. In a sense. It was Mycroft’s idea. It was…”
Sherlock’s gone mad. Completely bonkers.
She moves across the stage, along the other queens. “We’ll find the real wanna-be killer by eliminating the other queens. Not literally. Or in a Ru way. Let’s start with Jinkx. She’s been thriving in this competition, she has nothing to be angry at Michelle for. She’s been sleepwalking through. Quite literally so.”
All eyes are on Michelle, who’s sinking back further into her chair.
Sherlock removes his fingers. Then he stills.
“We don’t say the S-word in here,” She-lock says.
, John’s penis cries.
“Nope.”
For a few seconds, there is no sound.
“Your life was in danger. Not only yours, but Mrs Hudson’s and Lestrade’s. I knew I couldn’t come back before I’d dismantled Moriarty’s entire network, that stretched as far as Russia, parts of Asia, a little in the Middle East …”
The thought surprises him, even if it does come naturally. He has really tapped into his gay side now, he supposes.
“The… Quartermaster?” John says. “What, like in a James Bond film?”
When the door closes behind them, and the secretary is out of earshot, John wastes no time.
He blinks and blinks but he doesn’t understand how he could be blinking - he’s not even
“It would save funeral costs,” Sherlock mumbles.
John hesitates.
“And he let me have my old room back, without question. He doesn’t play the violin at night anymore, so she can sleep. He’s helped feeding her, and bathing her. He’s… been amazing. I mean. He’s always been amazing. But I didn’t think he’d be this good with a child.”
“The Gold room, if you’d be so kind,” Sherlock says.
Sebastian grins broadly. He looks like the Cheshire cat. “You haven't deduced it yet? You're the victim, here, man.” He slaps Sherlock's shoulder, as if they are old friends. Are they old friends? John carefully studies his features.
He can’t afford to get sent away.
Sherlock’s mouth is a flat line now.
“An interested party,” Sherlock says. “Mind if my partner and I play along?”
The queens laugh. With panic in their eyes, yes, but cheeks pulled high.
“There’s only one bedroom left!” Sherlock yells.
John bites his lip.
“We’re going to pair you up to ride the horses together.”
. My body is just transport, it’s not supposed to… transport.”
there, she ushers John to the stage, they’re standing there waiting for their cue to do the choreographed lip-sync, the PA is about to give them the heads up, and then -
“This is my girlfriend, Penelope”, says Sebastian. Of course someone like that is named Penelope. John steps closer to Sarah and puts a hand on her side. She feels nice, soft.
“Whatever you do here, do not eat. The chewing sounds mess with your microphones.”
“Okay then,” Jonathan says, airily. “Sherlock better not go to 221B because he’s not allowed back in yet. But the great thing is, we are! So let’s go home and check out the changes Bobby made to you guys’s flat, okay?”
“And?”
“Don’t get any ideas, mister detective,” Moriarty says. “Not just yet.”
Jinkx steps forward. She-lock glares at her. Jinkx may act nice, but she’s no BenDeLaCreme. She’s not here to be crowned Miss Congeniality, she’s here to win. The game is on, and she’ll play it hard. When she’s not snoring.
He falters. His world shifts.
With Moriarty dead, he’d figured he might as well put it on, just in case.
“You heard me,” he says.
“Ready for the showdown?” John asks Wiggins.
For Johnlockers, here’s a quick drag vocabulary list for this chapter:
“Oh, did you wash your season four gowns again, Latrice?” She-lock says, and turns around before she can reply. Time for a few more hours in bed, then. What a waste.
“Well,” John says. “This is…”
Sherlock blinks to his book, then closes it, turns off the desk lamp and goes to the bathroom. Once more John is resigned to listening to the sounds of water flowing.
Never did he ever imagine John interrogating him about masturbation.
“Shaken, not stirred.”
“Christ, this is ridiculous,” he continues. “Are you happier?”
“Congenial?” Sharon suddenly bursts out. “You always made sure Jinkx got ahead in the competition!”
She-lock tries to catch John’s gaze, but he’s staring at the floor now. The lipstick was the last of it. His face is uncovered, yet he chooses to hide it now.
a good thank you gift after a friend accidentally made you come?
Or tense, in the case of suitors having to pair up with each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
John points to the wooden confessional to their right.
“Did it this morning in the hotel bathroom,” John says. “Dimmock showed me. Said he wouldn’t want me to be the bearded lady.”
Through the force, John gets thrown against Sherlock’s body.
Meanwhile, Bobby grabs the pillow on Sherlock’s chair. “Let’s just all agree this British flag pillow needs to go, though.”
Sherlock scoops John in his arms. “Indeed, it took me years to deduce, John,” he mumbles into his hair. “I thought you didn’t want me that way.”
“Stop dragging the vicar to the back of the church,” Sherlock hisses, “it makes me look unprofessional.”
“I could’ve sworn they were about to arrest Phi Phi,” Miss Vanjie says, “but they weren’t the fashion police, no ma’am sir.”
If executed well, it could work.
“I’m not a… fan of heights”, Sherlock says, softer.
John sits up and shoves his feet into his slippers.
“As I said, John. My body is just transport. You know that.”
““You can just say
attractive, John supposes. He looks her up and down. Not his usual type though.
“Too long I’ve been afraid of losing love I guess I’ve lost,” Sherlock mouths, and John can hear him softly singing along in his earphones. He knows this music better than he let on.
“I just need you to listen, John,” Sherlock says, pushing him against the mirrored wall.
-Catching tea: acquiring gossip / information
. Ring a bell?”
“What?” John frowns. What's the man blabbering about?
“Including
“You’re a lesbian dominatrix,” John scolds. “I have nothing to learn from you.”
,” John says, nearly tripping over his own words, suddenly catching his reflection in the mirror of this infuriatingly slow elevator. It’s dropping steadily, but he feels as if he’s rapidly being sucked into a hole which he can never climb out of again.
It’s a nice enough room, John supposes. He tries not to think about it - there is only one bed.
“Hm?”
“Sherlock. Please come collect your rose.”
Upstairs, then. The heroin of his own story.
Sherlock disappears on John all morning long, and John is mildly annoyed by it. Yes, they might not be on ideal terms right now, but surely, with people getting stabbed left and right, it’s not safe for Sherlock to go investigating on his own.
Sherlock hastily picks up the mobile phone and can hear one word -
It’s a tiny room, but neat. A double bed, an old brown wardrobe, and a cot up against the wall. John oversees it proudly. It’s simple, but efficient. Like John.
“Come here, my sweet daddy,” Jinkx says playfully. “I’ll pair you with the naughtiest of them all.”
John wipes his clammy hands on his jeans. Kind of surprising, how badly Sherlock wants to be involved in the game, really, quite out of character for him. John folds the swan out of his napkin, and smiles at Sarah.
Sherlock steps toward the bag of blood and starts rummaging through the provided gear. Tubes, erlenmeyers, various substances, mice to experiment on, and even a written recipe for the fake blood. Good. He
“Great for newspaper sales, though,” John says.
Sherlock lightly, almost undetectably, spreads his legs a little farther apart. Intentionally? John can feel his erection quietly leaking through his pants against the inside of his jeans. But of course, that’s normal. He hasn’t touched anyone in nearly three years. His body is bound to react to any sort of contact.
John places his hands on Sherlock’s hips. “Don’t just stand there! Do something, you twat!”
Giant trumpet sound.
“Shut up, or I’ll tattoo you,” Sherlock hisses at his former body.
“You must be John Watson and Sherlock Holmes,” the actor playing Q says. “I’m here to give you a technical briefing on your mission.”
The woman looks momentarily stunned. John elbows him in the side.
Culture coach Karamo has arranged an activity with Molly and Rosie. John checks his surroundings - Sherlock is nowhere in sight for this one. He lets his shoulders relax.
“Mycroft has done enough,” Sherlock says firmly, and reaches for his coat.
“Right,” Phi Phi says. “I’ll get back to my vet.”
“Errr…” John says. Not guacamole, certainly. But he doesn’t want to hurt Antoni’s feelings.
There are no large buildings nearby, only a small ice cream stand that’s closed for the day. Sherlock and Jonathan run toward it, and barely fit inside. However, the cameraman and soundman also need to get inside, soon making it a hugely cramped space where nobody can move a limb.
“Give me a chance to tell the real story behind these scandalous photographs. I can promise you a full spread and a cover story, and a nice payday to boot. I just want your voice to be heard in all this. Did he force you -”
Moriarty grins, then fires the gun Mary was holding. A blank.
A small pause on the end of the telephone.
in front of me?” John yells.
“A little hint from Doctor Watson to Sherlock Holmes on how to seduce someone,” he breathes through his teeth. “Don't. Be. Yourself.”
John giggles. He pulls up Moriarty, and looks around to check for rope, something to tie him up with. Ultimately, he settles for his belt, and secures him near the aquarium, hands restrained around a table leg.
kind of looking at me with Courtney Act eyes,” Michelle says.
He pushes John out the door, and slams it in his face.
“Herlock Sholmes, I mean”, she adds, folding her hands in front of her.
Ohhhh. So this is Captain Watson. She-lock shifts on her feet - good thing she isn’t tucked yet.
“Yes,” John whispers.
Sherlock practically rips John’s jumper from Bobby’s chest. Bobby tries to linger, and grabs John’s shoulders: “My first job was at Bed Bath and Beyond,” he whispers.
“Cut, cut!” Janine yells. “Christ, can you just… take this seriously?”
me see that. And I never want to look away.”
“Oh, I’m not joking, bitch,” Latrice says.
Oooh, this will be good. This is what he came here for. The tributes. The compliments. The kind words - from people! Who knew him!
She remembers the Alaska song:
He punches Moriarty and wrestles him to the ground. Since Moriarty’s good hand is still impaired by the trap, John can easily dodge his return blows. He flips the man over and grabs him in a chokehold.
Karamo throws them a puzzled look.
He looks up, straight into the eyes of a very confused looking Lestrade. The detective inspector sits in fifth row, next to Mrs Hudson, who looks a sobbing mess. Great. Now even the non-John side isn’t safe.
Sherlock shoots him a dark, disapproving look and steps toward the office that has John’s name printed next to it. Hm, interesting. He’s never been here before. It’s not snooping if it’s your own office, right?
She-lock is very close to actually murdering Michelle, when Lestrade interrupts.
later. She-lock has invited John to her hotel room tonight - it’s thrilling and exciting and possibly dangerous. He must go. For the case.
“It’s Christmas,” Sherlock comments, grumpy.
“Are you okay?” John asks, suddenly concerned.
I've decided to start posting this story two times a week, on Mondays and Fridays. It will be super intense, but I think I can make it. All your lovely reactions have really spurred on my writing, and meant more to me than I dare to admit.
From what John has gathered, it’s not exactly a
But this John seems interested in who She-lock is. Who she truly, really is. John didn’t know about Drag Race before. He’s not a fan, he doesn’t seem to objectify her. He probably hasn’t even heard of Reddit. He has caught wind of her reputation on set, but doesn’t seem to care. He wants… perhaps. He wants?
“I’m sorry you got dragged into this, Jonathan.”
He leans forward, and She-lock lets him. Lets him approach her, as himself. John Watson, retired army doctor and forensic assistant. All of him, She-lock lets all of him wash over her all at once, as his lips touch hers.
, John wants to say. But should he? Is it?
John laughs with playful suspicion, but doesn’t reply. Instead, he starts walking around the suite, opening drawers and cupboards, making exclamations and naming the things he sees. “This is stunning, wow, look at these drawings of Sleeping Beauty. Are they original? There’s
“Took me longer to deduce where filming was, this time,” Sherlock says.
“It’s not my fault you forgot to read the magnet’s manual,” Sherlock says, while he quickly unscrews one of the temples to reveal a thin needle.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows. “You are the definition of unprofessional here,
first,” Moriarty says. “How do you feel about piranhas?”
You say you'll provide the birdbath / If I provide the skin / And bathing in the moonlight / I'm to tremble like a kitten
“Now, tell me again about your experience with those rectal exams.”
“This is madness,” John pants.
Sherlock shuts up at once, sucks in his breath.
John smiles. “Thank you. They worked hard on it. Well. Bobby.”
John straightens his back. Oh no, never mind the lipstick disaster, he
John pockets the snap trap, and replaces the gun in his waistband with a bottle of perfume that doubles as a flamethrower. Time to go meet the dragon.
John is glad of it. Because he wouldn’t want Sherlock to see his face, now. To deduce anything.
Well, the actual planning was done by his mother. She took charge the minute she heard about his upcoming downfall. Sherlock rolls his eyes. So typical of mummy to insist on a church funeral, even for a fake death. Even one she’s not even attending. “I’d cry my eyes out,” she’d protested. “
The door leads into a hallway, back to the vicar’s private rooms. Sherlock leans against the wall, panting, shaking. Suddenly, Mycroft rushes in and takes him by the shoulders.
“I’d shake your hand, Moriarty, but last time was a tad intense,” Sherlock says.
“Man.”
“Halleloo!”
“Just be yourself,” he says with a wink, and focuses on John.
“You didn’t involve me -
Suddenly, the door handle moves. John jumps back and hides amongst a group of German tourists.
“It’ll help with your shoulder,” Sherlock says. “It’s really just oil.”
The screen glitches.
Also, this chapter would have been completely different if it weren't for 88thparallel's lovely beta remarks. She's the best and wisest woman I know, and I owe her so much.
Behind her, Brooke Lynn Hytes steps into the light. She-lock rolls her eyes. Obviously, she’s been there the whole time. She’s even all wired up already.
Does he not know he is wielding it like a knife?
I hope you had as much fun reading this as I had writing it!
Then, in the back, in a seemingly empty space there are a few polaroids. Sherlock grabs them: they’re familiar. Taken during Christmas last year. He, John and Molly, smiling. Lestrade and Mrs Hudson exchanging gifts. And then, a candid one he hadn’t seen before, of himself, playing the violin. Quite blurry due to the movement. Sherlock frowns. Weird that John would keep such a bad picture.
Like Sherlock opened a gay chakra last night.
John is almost scared to death walking into his office, seeing Irene. She’s sitting perfectly still and poised on an exam table. In her usual outfit, naturally.
“Right, Sherlock. Let’s get you loose,” John says.
. It echoes in John’s mind.
There’s a long silence between huffs of cigarettes. Until Sharon says: “Anusthing is possible?”
“Sherlock?”
“Why would I be nervous?” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock opens his eyes at the same time.
“Take off your shoes, Doctor Watson,” She-lock says.
“Well, we’ve planted recording devices in every queen’s hotel room,” D.I. Dimmock says, pointing to the machinery in front of him. “In a place where they never look - the Bible on the nightstand. It’s hollowed out. In fact, when you walked in, we were just tuned into Miss Vanjie’s room. Get this: she’s having a visit… from Brooke Lynn. Escandalo!”
Small vocabulary list for this chapter:
“Look, five gay guys came in and the first thing he did was lose his dressing gown like a fierce Beyoncé rising from the ashes. No way that boy’s straight.”
“Don’t be alarmed, I have a lot of experience taming horses,” he says, and pricks the horse’s side with his heel. It starts following the other two horses, reluctantly.
“Indeed, gain his... errr...
“What is it?” John asks, distressed. “They’re still in the bedroom upstairs, if that’s what you’re worried…”
Mycroft loudly clears his throat. Right. The secret mission. Sherlock bites his lip, and rubs his fake beard.
Sherlock looks briefly at John’s cock. His hands are still tightly clutched around his trousers, like he’s latched on and not about to let go. John considers zipping up again and abandoning all together. Perhaps Sherlock is not ready after all. This is all a bit much. Sherlock can talk a big game all he wants, it’s still very different from actually looking an actual penis in its glistening eye.
The chapter title is from Lorde's song Liability, which is such a Sherlock post- Reichenbach isong. I listen to it so much I'll surely become a Spotify ad.
Ru smiles. “Are you happy with Jinkx’ choice for you?”
“I was there when he died.”
“I’m in love with you, Sherlock Holmes.”
Is that how he took down Wilson, too?
“I’m here about the closet case,” Mycroft says.
John frowns. Still, doing the teaching himself feels like a step too far. Can’t they just watch a video together?
John feels his chest constricting. “But if you’ll have me, I’d like to sleep in your room.”
“Keep your eyes fixed on him,” Mycroft orders. As if John would need to be told. “I’m sending backup.”
John lets himself fall on top of Sherlock's back and together they lie exhausted. Their breaths slowly merge, and John extracts himself, yet stays close, and hugs Sherlock, spoons him. Sherlock sighs, and seems to let himself relax completely in his arms.
“A bit, yes,” Sherlock says. “Though the network really did pay for a show, and not all participants were malicious. Irene Adler was just the sponsor. The puppetmaster behind the scenes.”
They sprint for their lives.
She-lock puts her empty cocktail glass on the table, and lies down on the sofa. She stretches her feet and folds her hands in front of her face.
“John! John! Wake up!” someone at the door yells.
But what if something happens? This is a murder investigation, after all. It’s not a romance.
Sherlock wriggles in the ropes. “You’re only signing your own death certificate with this.”
John lifts his brows. Weren’t these supposed to be jokes?
She-lock is not surprised when Jinkx grabs the most busted, old and tired looking man for her.
Mycroft hands John a gun. “This, Doctor Watson, is a Walther P99 semi-automatic pistol.”
Sherlock blinks. “Did Karamo make you gay?”
Nobody named Hamish has ever scared anyone.
“When he solved the cases, the solution suddenly seemed obvious. Bloody brilliant he was.”
John bites his lower lip. “What about it?”
Rather suddenly, Sherlock adds another finger, and John instinctively tries to pull away for a second.
But John also remembers Magnussen whispering in his ear, on the horse. Saying he knows what’s been happening with Sherlock. Ordering him to step up and leave the competition.
, they’d shoot everyone I… cared for.”
Mycroft gets up and sends his iPhone bluetooth signal to a pair of speakers next to the altar.
the short one,” Sherlock mumbles, hands reaching for his trousers.
“Rosie is at Molly’s, I didn’t want to overwhelm her,” John says.
She-lock glances at him. John puts his hand on her shoulder.
“Wet your gear, then slowly and carefully breach the enemy line,” Sholto instructs.
It’s not a heart attack, John knows. He’s a doctor. But it feels like getting punched in the chest.
It takes a few days for the police to sift through the whole production team, and Sherlock and John temporarily move back to Baker Street. They’ve been in London this whole time, yet it feels like coming home from a foreign country. The flat feels different, now. John can’t stand it. Everything would look the same to an outsider: Sherlock retreats into his mind palace, they order take-out, John reads the paper, Sherlock plays the violin. But they don’t touch. They barely talk. And Sherlock starts showering at different times than before. Always in the middle of the night, when he thinks John is asleep. John listens to the water streaming, eyes wide open in bed. Is Sherlock trying to avoid John seeing him half naked? Is this how it’s going to be?
John’s eyes narrow. He’s clearly mulling it over.
Eyes closed, he can almost hear John smile. But he can’t possibly open his eyes - seeing himself being pleasured by
Bastard treats even Disneyland as part of the Commonwealth. But there is clearly no other option than blatant denial.
“Did you post the eliminations?”
“Who’s the current prime minister?” John asks.
“You didn’t tell me!” John explodes.
John catches Sherlock staring at it, a tiny frown forming between his brows. John winces. He hopes they’re not supposed to use the whip on the horses.
“No, I mean.
“Why did you call me for merely a two, Lestrade?”
But why is Lestrade here? Is it a threesome?
“Who else knew?”
“He insulted my salad,” Antoni says.
“Oh honey. Oh hooooney. Don’t get your hopes up, Katya,” Trixie says. “100,000 dollars, it ain’t that much, once you’ve bought 10 rounds of lip injections.”
There’s a silence. “You felt he abandoned you,” John says.
After running for what feels like an eternity, Sherlock drags John behind a fake tree. On top of it, the Cheshire Cat grins. They pant, exhausted. Sherlock shields John’s body with his, standing so close he can feel his hot breath on his exposed neck.
on the massage oil bottle. Not Mycroft, after all.
Speaking of, his brother is now striding through the aisle with wide steps and a face set to murder. Sherlock straightens his shoulders.
John grabs a fistful of Sherlock's curls, and the detective reaches for his hand, pulling his fingers even tighter and slightly nodding. That's all John needs to drag him upwards. Sherlock yelps.
John washes his hands just a little too long. The bathroom is about as big as his bedroom, or maybe even Sherlock's. Only, instead of a bed, there's a huge white bath, between the toilet and the window. The bath is flanked by a heatable towel rack on the left wall, and a television on the right. But worse: next to the bath is one large window, without any blinders or curtains, and the whole time John was pissing he felt uncomfortable. The Gherkin was just standing there, accusingly, it seemed. Even though probably no one could actually peek inside. Unless they had binoculars. John kept thinking about the imaginary binoculars.
Next, John watches as the other queens get their turn ‘reading’. And they do - they read She-lock, as Dimmock puts it, “to filth.”
Next chapter will be posted on Thursday. Finally, Trixie and Katya will make an appearance! ;)
John giggles.
“It all went wrong, didn’t it?” Before John can agree, she adds: “Now we’re one suitor short.”
“Ninety.”
“Why?” John pushes one eyebrow up. “She’s not the killer, is she?”
Sherlock is gone for forty-five minutes. When he comes back, he has stripped down to black, tight underwear. His eyes are shrouded in shadows.
“Nope,” John’s lips slowly mouth.
-To kai kai: to have sex (between drag queens)
After She-lock has successfully squeezed John in a beautiful dark outfit that turns him into a hot and uniform-wearing lesbian, she focuses on applying make-up on his face. It’s weird to do it on someone else, but she has thankfully practised this on her landlady before coming onto the show.
“Oh, this old thing?”, Mrs Hudson blushes. “I thought about color blocking but I didn’t want to steal the spotlight.”
Though, that shouldn’t matter too much, right? John isn’t a homophobe.
This time John has the upper hand.
“Too nice?” Mycroft grips his umbrella, as if it’s his weapon and he’s preparing it for battle.
“So that’s him, then?” John Watson squints at the tiny monitor that’s currently livestreaming the recording of RuPaul’s Drag Race - Absolut All Stars. “She-lock Holmes. Our main suspect.”
Then, his heart nearly stops. On it, in miniature, white stripes, something is written. Something that awakens a long-forgotten memory, of pain, of trying to understand, of examining a body.
“You still live in 221B.”
RuPaul straight up giggles.
John wraps his legs around Sherlock to welcome the last contractions of his orgasm, then allows the man to slowly remove himself. Sherlock pops out, and John feels like he’s lost a part of himself.
The following Saturday, Sherlock and John arrive outside Mycroft’s office. It’s the sixth of July, one day before John’s birthday. Sherlock smiles happily to himself. John doesn’t suspect a thing - he probably assumes Sherlock doesn’t do celebrations. Rightfully so. Except, this is John. And he deserves the best.
John nods. “You were dragging up as your own mother. Because you… missed her.”
The Shangela bit was probably the most fun I've had writing anyone, ever.
He wonders what Sherlock and Jonathan are doing now. They were kissing earlier, but it’s been 56 minutes. They can’t kiss that long, can they? Maybe they have moved onto something else. Something… more.
Sherlock’s jaw drops and his eyes grow wide as five men and two cameramen flood inside the apartment like a herd of wildebeasts ready to trample Simba’s dad.
That takes John aback for a few seconds. “Well, you still didn’t have to lie about it to
“And I’m not here to treat a patient.”
Jesus. All these fairytale drawings must be making him soppy.
“No, no, you unscrew the top, put it on the end, turn, and bang!” John holds the pen very carefully.
“First up,” he says, trying not to smile, “errr… Mycroft Holmes, representing the family.”
The sight leaves John temporarily speechless. His skin is like the cracked surface of an icy lake, milky lines stumbling over each other, creating a sinister chess board. His hand, pulling Sherlock’s robe back, freezes. The fist of his other hand clenches.
He pronounces the word love like it leaves a peculiar taste in his mouth.
“Errr… Is this Q?” John says.
“Without going too far, of course,” John explains, as his fingers slide slowly inwards Sherlock’s legs, to stop just short of the towel’s edges. He glances at the fabric resting off Sherlock’s curved buttocks. It throws a wicked shadow.
“How long have you known it was me?”
“You’re lucky. It could have been much worse. I read on Molly Hooper’s blog that she made Moriarty watch
“Just be elegant and keep your mouth closed,” John instructs.
Sherlock swallows. “Why didn’t you tell me… before?”
John joins She-lock on the balcony. She’s deep in thought, staring into a distance John doubts contains any buildings, or streets or car sounds.
“Please present your final rose,” Mary says, voice sweet. She’s dressed in all black, even her arms are covered, while her back is exposed. She looks like a sexy assassin.
She-lock turns to Ru. “Et tu, Brute? Will you let them disrespect me like this on your stage?”
“We arrested him this morning.”
Victor smiles, pretending he doesn't see John's hand at all. “He helped me walk my dog.”
One by one, Jinkx leads the reluctant men to their destiny. They don’t seem to have ever seen a drag queen up close in their boring little lives. Except perhaps one cute, young one who is continuously grinning and whom Jinkx is clearly keeping for herself.
At six in the morning, John hears a soft knocking at his door. He groans. He’s still in his boxers, so he quickly throws on a bathrobe. When he opens the door, he startles. It’s Sherlock.
“Amen,” everyone repeats. Except John.
-Tucking panties: tight panties that help queens keep their guns in the cabinet
He is utterly and madly in love with John Watson.
On stage, David scuffles closer to the goth detective.
John catches Sherlock’s eyes and slowly sucks in a breath through his teeth, as if deciding at that very moment about life or death. Sherlock hears the sound of his own heart beating against his chest. After twenty-two extraordinary long seconds, John pulls himself up, and puts his hands on his hips.
Before joining her on the balcony, John takes a quick peek in She-locks luggage. Gowns, wigs, make-up, books. No blood bags.
“No, Sherlock,” John says, grimacing. “I don’t mind. It’s just… It’s my bad shoulder, that’s all.”
Incoming text.
“Well,” Mary smiles, though it doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “My offer still stands, Doctor.”
They’re all seated at a large table in an apocalypse-themed restaurant. The walls are decorated with pictures of destruction and posters of the movie ‘2012’, and on the menu there are lava cakes, tongue twisters and ‘apocalypse bowls’. Lovely, John thinks. This perfectly sets the mood for
“Now that I have you backed into a corner…” Jonathan jokes, but then his face grows grave. “I must ask you about the massage pictures. Of course.”
They were in there together?
In a sure and steady pace, Sherlock’s tongue dives in and out of John’s hole. John almost wails with pleasure. With his fists, he grabs the bed sheets underneath him. He’s grunting, pushing back in a steady rhythm, fucking Sherlock’s tongue. John groans. He can’t believe this is happening, how fucking good this feels.
He doesn’t think coldness will help at this point.
“I certainly disagree often with both of them,” She-lock says, panting now as their dance number comes to an end.
She-lock has never felt this out of drag before. Even though she’s still in a dressing gown and a pair of red pants - waking up next to John Watson, she feels almost naked. The rest is drag: the queen she is in clubs, the selfies she posts to Instagram, even her television persona in the fitted suit.
John hooks a finger in his V-neck. How does someone ‘seem gay’?
When they’re gone, John runs back to the door. Locked. What happened? Why did they all leave? Is Sherlock… No. He can’t allow himself to think it.
John turns around and pushes the door back, but Sherlock stops it and slips inside.
“We solved crimes together,” John says.
Christ - what’s going on in there?
“Anyway, I’m not here to judge, Ru,” Katya says. “I’m here to give Alaska my PayPal details.”
, might be good word to describe it. If he should blog about it. Not that he would. Could alienate his readership.
John’s head snaps up as Michelle Visage is mentioned - does She-lock seem murderous?
“Excuse me, sir”, he says, “Let me get you another one immediately.”
“I’m here for my, eh,” the man says. “For my four o’clock rectal exam.”
Sherlock slightly drops his chin. John can see his adam’s apple bobbing, and he puts his fingers on Sherlock’s jaw.
Jonathan continues.
“The cameramen are on their lunch break, so now is the time,” Phi Phi explains. “Don’t take my insults personally, I’m just trying to maintain my image.”
“Drop it down low, let me feel it in your pussyhole,” Sharon replies.
“You were making threats to her. Writing on her mirror, telling her the next death drop would be hers. Stabbing a pair of fake boobs and putting them under her pillow. Putting fake blood into her bath, filling it with rubber ducklings. Attacking her in her hotel room with chloroform. You always were more of a drama queen than a drag queen, brother mine.”
John can’t believe it. This was supposed to close that door forever. This was to be the end.
Sherlock’s hands fall into them naturally.
Sherlock pushes through the crowd, and looks at the sight, mortified.
John quietly makes tea for the both of them, and then sits down. With long fingers Sherlock envelopes his cup. In front of him, John bares his feet to gingerly explore the soft threading of the rug between his toes.
“I only have drag.”
Then, Sherlock locks eyes with John. He downs the red cocktail in one go, and pushes the empty glass in John’s hand.
Sherlock closes his eyes, bottom lip trembling.
“Sherlock. You can’t leave now and let that man be murdered. People will know you just… walked away.”
Karamo nudges him to walk back to Molly and Rosie.
John is not bothered by such ruminations, however, and settles for a tight-fitting black Star Wars shirt that depicts a helmet and the words ‘I am your father’.
This fic has been the best writing experience of my life. Most of you are so incredibly nice, I have no words, it makes me cry, it makes me never want this to end. However, we're two chapters away from chapter 10. I promise a happy ending. Have a nice weekend ;)
Come out of the closet, perhaps.
The moon passes by the window – or rather, a cloud stops hindering its light – and for a second John feels as if he’s sitting in a spotlight. He looks down at his steaming cup.
“What?”
He motions to a nearby rock, but John doesn’t move. “You seem unhealthily obsessed with Sherlock, mate. Have you considered therapy instead of a cock laser?”
“I’d correct ‘YouTube stars’ to ‘Viceland stars’ but that feels a bit like reading myself,” Trixie Mattel says, whose makeup John could only describe as the love child of Barbie and… Chuckie. “But I’m happy to be back in All Stars! I love judging people.”
Will Jonathan… Will Sherlock? Allow him?
“No, you’re not Sherlock,” John says. Half-joking. He hopes.
Together, they ride back to the Hyde Park Stables, where all four of them safely dismount. Sherlock looks flushed, and more alive than ever. Inappropriately excited for having been shot at.
“Yes I do.”
John feels his cheeks burning. That’s not what he meant. It’s not about Sherlock being gay or not (is it? is he?).
masturbate, he concludes. How many times have they wanked at the same time in this house, unknowingly? John realises he knows so little of his friend's sexual needs. Yet.
“Bang bang, the witch is dead,” She-lock says. “The fake blood in the bath? Please. Classic Sharon Needles.”
Good lord. This feels almost like an interrogation.
Now that they’re walking, John can see Sherlock’s whole body. His outfit is to die for: a well fitted, blue shirt that brings out his eyes, a dark blue jeans. John has never seen Sherlock in jeans before. But Jonathan likes to wear denim.
Jonathan Wilson smiles. “It’s all a bit silly, isn’t it? It was the production’s idea, of course. See the costume Charles is wearing? It takes months and months to make. The sequins are hand-stitched. For Wicked to break even, they need to sell
“The new nurse,” John says, and he holds out Sherlock’s hand. “We’ve been longing for one. I mean, looking forward.”
“You’re literally here to judge.”
“This is great”, the man says. “I love musicals.”
“I prefer to keep it simple,” John says, unsure.
It reads:
Sherlock points to a four-seater with a tiny table in the middle, and helps store the bag and the suitcase above their assigned seats.
Lestrade shrugs and nods toward the screen, where She-lock addresses another contestant.
(See the end of the chapter for
He rubs his neck, and moves to sit back next to the prostitute, who’s staring at them utterly dumbfounded.
“Sorry about that short intermission,” he says into the microphone. “Needed the loo.”
Then, John heads for the stage.
He looks up, and takes a step closer to Sherlock. He needs to start living his truth. Whatever Sherlock’s answer may be. No more games.
“No, well, yes. But. I want… James Bond.”
Sure, John had kissed She-lock Holmes.
“No, you’re open to massages,” John says, then immediately closes his mouth and clears his throat. “Besides, I’m not too keen on mud treatments. Got enough of them during my army days.”
“Victor would undress me roughly and clumsily”, Sherlock says. “Because he was drunk.”
“Like Michelle?”
Sherlock retorts with another zap.
Sherlock stops in his tracks, looking at John like he’s trying to deduce him. Annoying.
“Just… Not too short, please,” John says.
“Christ. Nevermind,” John says.
Mycroft cuts him off. “Doctor Watson, I am terribly concerned that I detect a coldness between you and Sherlock.”
“Green figs, yogurt, coffee, very black,” he orders room service.
John stares at the monitor. He feels his heart clench like a fist in his chest.
Latrice, a large black man wearing a green scarf around his head, bursts out laughing.
John, trembling inside Sherlock’s body, now leans on all fours on the hospital roof. Breathing hard. Even though he did
They have sorrow to drown indeed. When the exquisitely smelling roast beef arrives, John stares sadly at his plate.
She winks at Wilson, who looks fairly fed up with the whole show.
Luckily, there aren’t many people in the garage around 11am on a Saturday. Still, they can’t very well exit a bloody Aston Martin and change from Marks and Sparks to bloody Vivienne Westwood.
“Our lawyers will get back to you after the show,” Ru says. “Now, Phi Phi O’Hara….”
The atmosphere shifts, Sherlock stiffens, there’s a hint of fear in his eyes.
The silence in the small, dark, frankly rancid-smelling booth is deafening. But John doesn’t drop his gaze. No. That’s not what he came here for.
“The bushes!” Sholto yells. “Must be entered with caution.”
He pulls down John’s pants a little further - just a quick peek, for science -
“I don’t think so,” She-lock says. “I’ll be out in two episodes.”
Sherlock freezes, like a zebra in the savannah who has finally spotted the skulking lion, in the long second before it comes to a race. John licks his lips.
Something in John’s stomach slightly drops. Or jumps. John is not sure.
John stops breathing. The look on Sherlock’s face is pure ice.
Jonathan's hairline slightly shifts as he raises his eyebrows in surprise.
But just then, as if summoned, RuPaul appears at their work table.
“Don’t you mean
“John-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can feel you
Literally: naturally.
Sure, it could be because they’re in a helicopter, and he’s enjoying the view. But John doesn’t think his gaze is fixed on anything. He just stares sadly out the window. Every once in a while, he glares at the woman accompanying them.
He looks John in the eyes, who smiles wickedly.
“Is it…” John starts. He’s clearly suppressing his excitement with military strength. “I mean. It’s not 007 or something, right?”
He blinks and blinks against the blinding light.
Sherlock had insisted on keeping a few books, all about economics and finances. Not keeping,
A sudden headache flashes through Sherlock’s brain. Or is it panic? He pulls his blanket higher up John’s body, to the chin.
“Come in, dears,” she says, “I’m a big fan. I’ve seen all the episodes on the Netflix channel, Sherlock helped me set it up. I’m Mrs Hudson, John and Sherlock’s landlady.”
“I was called in to do this job,” John says. “And Jinkx put me with you. You were always our main suspect, from the start. Being a fan of crime, you see… That makes you a bit suspicious for us yarders. And I walked in, without any sense of drag culture, with no clue on how much work and talent…”
With all his breath packed inside his lungs, John stares at the door. Behind it, no more sounds. Good. Sherlock probably left, then. Hanging his head in defeat. The
He takes off his suit jacket, it feels suddenly quite hot in here.
“During the game, that woman started writing on my arm. I thought it was her phone number, but when I subtly checked it later, it looked odd. At first, I thought she just needed to work on her blind spelling, but then I figured it must be a code of sorts. She must be a double agent or something.”
And what about the two years -
“Oh, don’t mind me,” the prostitute says. She scratches the temporary tattoo, a bit pouty.
The last thing Sherlock sees, is the back of John’s shoes, as he runs.
“Good morning, gentlemen,” a middle aged man at the entrance says. His suit looks equally expensive, even though it’s clear he’s just a doorman.
“You -,” John pants. “You died -”
John licks his lips. It’s as he suspected, as he dreaded. Sherlock doesn’t really feel things this way, or at least not about
“Follow me,” Mycroft says, as he steps into the cupboard.
not the one being interrogated!
“What are you doing, Doctor Watson?” he asks, scandalised.
Back in the pulpit, Sherlock grabs a Bible.
It’s not gay if you come by accident. But a blowjob? Definitely gay.
Suddenly, John retches.
am the choreographer this episode.”
He presses play on his Spotify. ‘I’m Still Standing’ by Elton John.
“Starving,” She-lock smiles.
“John! It’s Michelle Visage! She’s unconscious!”
Sherlock, his shoulders still unnaturally tense, walks to his old chair and touches its edges, softly. When John doesn’t respond, he lowers himself in it.
“John, I just told you his life is in immediate danger. What I think about the man doesn’t matter in the least.”
”A talking ghost?” John grins. “That’s
Good. Good. Something else to hold in his hand, so he won’t smash David into pieces.
“Yes.”
,” Sherlock breathes, pulling back both his hands in one sweeping motion. John startles.
“Miss Vanjie!” Vanjie yells from down the hall.
“My people found him there ages ago,” Mycroft says. “I’m afraid to say he’s in no state to finish the service.”
“Only alarm bells,” Sherlock scoffs.
“Hello, little sister,” Mycroft says on the Skype call. “Michelle Visage was not a beast… a dragon for you to slay.”
“Maths is very sexy, John,” Sherlock says.
John swallows hard as She-lock slips into a pink, satin dressing gown and throws herself on the bed, looking at John entirely innocently.
All the queens and their makeover men stare at the twink in the box. Even Jinkx has woken up from her nap.
“This is a very sensitive area,” John says, fingertips exploring Sherlock’s long, pale neck, which is so exposed he seems almost breakable. John moves to the back and rubs his fingernails along Sherlock’s hairline, then softly combs through his curls.
“What’s Snatch Game? You keep mentioning it.” Two step - one step - two step.
“Yes, John, why
Charles and Phil make an odd couple, one being skinny and wooden, the other a towering green giant, more Hulk than Elphaba. And it’s not cute in a
She fiddles with her napkin. She might not be as self assured as she's leading on. Might she be the killer? John squints. Can he even trust
“I’m not a natural dancer.”
“I can’t carry both of these cases, Sherlock,” John complains.
“What did Mycroft do?”
“You don’t think Michelle had a point?” Ru presses.
Alaska grins, but without much conviction. Katya can barely conceal her smile.
“Sherlock. We're in the middle of grocery shopping.”
Wiggins bites his lip. “I stole her wallet once.”
He focuses on RuPaul, who’s about to introduce the judges to them.
case.
“Sorry, I thought…”
It’s clear, however, David is not as dedicated to the story of the song. He keeps looking back and smiling at Jonathan Wilson in the wings. Sherlock notices, and his face grows angry, determined, and not only because Elphaba has just summoned a broom.
Soon, they’re all standing on Ru’s famous runway - Ru-nway? - where the dance practice will take place. All the queens are huddled in a row, with their assigned army veterans next to them. Except John, who’s awkwardly standing in front of She-lock like some sort of conjoined twin, attached at the bottom. She-lock frowns. Surely John is no bottom, though.
Sherlock slightly lifts his chin in surprise. In the darkness, his eyes are hidden, his face a blurry grey, but John imagines it's charmingly confused, and he's interested, even if he tries to hide it well.
Holy… What… On … Bloody….
Above him, Sherlock smiles. He lowers himself a bit and keeps one hand next to John’s head, the other blindly positioning his cock in the right spot. John puts his hands on the back of Sherlock’s neck. Their faces are close. If John wanted to, he could lean in and kiss him. Does he? Does he want to?
“It’s not horrible, I suppose,” Sherlock says, softly.
John tries not to make eye contact with Sherlock.
Also: I love all you guys. Thanks for all the support. It's been an incredible journey and I've learned so much.
It’s Dorothy’s worst nightmare.
The words makes John’s fist twitch, Sherlock notices. Interesting.
Sherlock stops breathing.
“Glad you dodged the bullet”, Victor says, and he winks at him with one of those half-smiles like he's Katie fucking Holmes in Dawson's Creek or something. John's fist clenches. He hides it under the table.
“Mmmm”, John moans. “Mmmmyes. Now, move your tongue a bit over the surface.”
“Oh, I just walked in, nurse first,” Latrice says. “It’s all fine. She fell down, she got up, she looks sickening.”
“They
“Mary?” John says. “Are you… are you hurt?”
How typical: the cameras are here, so she’s playing her little mind games.
That secretary
“So John, you’re new here,” Magnussen tries to make conversation. “Tell us a little about yourself. Were you the stand-in suitor all along?”
“Condragulations. You win a one year supply of Absolut Vodka,” Ru says. “Cocktails perfected.”
John stares back angrily.
John eyes them with some fear in his heart.
John softly touches Sherlock, right next to the longest scar, that reaches like an unwanted vein into the side of his neck. A small shiver ripples through Sherlock’s body, and John quickly retreats.
“Sherlock”, he exhales. Yes, he's definitely thinking about Sherlock now, how he was probably so eager being introduced to sex by Victor, kissing him, rubbing their groins together through the fabric of their trousers. Oh, god, is this even normal? John is beyond caring. He imagines Victor putting his hand down the front of Sherlock’s pants, his innocent face slightly shocked, lips open, cheeks flushed. “Sherlock...”, he repeats. He imagines Victor turning Sherlock over, exposing him, pushing his fingers inside him. He wanks faster and faster now, slowly building, not quite letting himself but - close, so close.
“What did you like to do, you two dirty little sex maniacs?”, he asks.
“That’s not what I -”
“He’s made me watch all the films during those tedious Bond nights,” he continues. “Even
“You”, he points at Sebastian, “Summoned this man, an old college acquaintance, when your company was in trouble. When someone was being threatened. You mocked him. You dismissed him. And yet he still solved the case for you.”
“Participate in this thing. Even though you’re obviously not gay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Christ, She-lock thinks. Not that Drag Race fan Dimmock. The kind who gets racer dick.
“I do housecalls,” Sherlock says, in full Monsieur Cherverrou outfit.
“No, they only made the rest pretty,” John replies. But something tugs at his chest. Because something is different, of course: the Fab Five want him to move into Sherlock’s double bed.
John drags him forcefully out of there.
Sherlock frowns. “So this is for show? You don’t really like musicals?”
Sherlock glares at him, but Mycroft pays him no mind and turns to Q. “What have you got for us, old boy?”
That didn’t mean he was gay.
It takes John a few seconds to adjust - She-lock looks away. She doesn’t want to see his shame, or disappointment, to be here in bed with her.
“What? I’ve watched a few episodes. For research," Dimmock says.
“Of course it wasn’t normal,” Sherlock says, his back turned to him as he starts pouring tea. “You’re not supposed to be drunk. You’re supposed to last longer than seven minutes. You’re supposed to ... love each other.”
John stares in awe as it takes Sherlock exactly two minutes to fall asleep. He sleeps through all the announcements, in English, French and Dutch. He sleeps through an old lady passing by with two corgis that bark at him. He sleeps through the whole Channel tunnel.
in the fridge, Sherlock. This piano is… Do you play? Look at this posh Donald Duck! Is this what rich people like?”
“Yes,” he says. “I am. Yes.”
That very night, lying in his bed, John goes through his usual routine: staring at his ceiling and realising he's been a right idiot. Something soft had fallen in Sherlock's features earlier, when he watched that Jonathan Wilson clip. Maybe there was more that lured him to this case than just another mystery, another puzzle. It's been awhile since Sherlock even took a real case. And that question in the middle of the supermarket – suddenly it seems so obvious. He wasn't asking about it in an odd place because he's simply Sherlock, detective incapable of detecting social awkwardness – no. He was attempting to hide his vulnerability, the bare truth of the question. He chose somewhere public so the conversation would never have a real chance of taking off.
Sherlock and John tread behind Mycroft as he descends a staircase, crosses a large hallway, and reaches a lift. The sensor scans his face and retina before taking them even deeper down into the government facility.
Just that second, Lestrade pulls him aside. “Just going to borrow my… army buddy… for a bit,” the man tells She-lock.
“Oh really? First, you go behind my back to appear on a gay dating show - pun not intended, thank you very much. When I’m finally over
Jonathan pushes a glass of champagne in Sherlock’s hand, and leans in for a brief, soft kiss on the lips. Sherlock kisses back, but in his hand, John can see the glass shaking.
Thank you to all you lovely people who've been reading and supporting and leaving kudos and subscribing. Truly, it means the world.
“I swear to god… You won’t treat a lady this way.”
John shifts his legs. If there was ever a moment to step up and declare he’s leaving on his own merit, now is the time.
“An explanation. What I have been doing while I was… dead.”
“The thing is, there is no real trick to seduction. You either click with someone, or you don't. The flirting will come naturally if you do. Smiles, compliments, and kindness help, though.”
“Sherlock? Are you okay?”
. And that octopus one.”
“If he was... If you two were... Look, Sherlock. I didn't like the way he was touching you earlier. But if it's...” He swallows. “If it's what you want.”
He can’t believe he must witness this with his not even own two eyes.
Shots start whizzing past their heads.
“We can’t all be swinging our cocks around the world,” Sherlock says.
So he’d traveled to Southend, bought chips and vinegar, casually walked past the booth in broad daylight. There wasn’t anyone in. He’d waited until the evening fell and sat watching from a nearby bench. Saw a tall old man begrudgingly talk to other fair folks. Open his shop to customers.
“What can I do you for today?” asks a gorgeous, blonde secretary with a white, deep-cut blouse.
Why did John kiss her? Nobody goes
“Hello, Anderson,” John smiles. He steps through the doorway and finds himself in a large hotel room with yarders scattered everywhere, groaning, rubbing their ankles, removing make-up. It’s a battlefield.
The chapter title is from the song Terrible Angels by Cocorosie:
In the park animators’ office, John gets equipped with a monitor and a microphone to guide Sherlock through his private date time with Jonathan. He feels bad for snarling at Sherlock earlier. Hopefully now, he can prove his usefulness. His friendship. He really wants to work hard at that. He couldn’t stand losing Sherlock. John will take him in any capacity Sherlock will grant him.
John exchanges a look with Lestrade. This sounds…. Like something the police has no business listening to.
Sherlock startles. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock walks to the massage table and sits on it, like a patient in a doctor’s office. His long legs dangle awkwardly over the edge. His back is strangely stiff. Only now it crosses John’s mind that he’s probably naked underneath that soft, white silk.
Mycroft leans back. Sherlock smiles broadly, and takes another sip of tea. It’s not even cold yet. The game was on, and off, quite fast.
John reaches for Sherlock’s collar and gently pulls it back a little, revealing part of his back. It is… shocking. A barely healed battlefield of long, stretched out wounds, among pathways of older scars.
“So there,” John concludes. He’s inhaling heavily through his nostrils, keeping eye contact.
-Pageant queen: drag queens who compete in pageants; they’re focused mostly on beauty and looking as ‘fishy’ as possible
He waves his broom in glory. John’s neck stretches, mouth hanging open. It’s a magnificent sight to behold.
Jonathan points to a picture of Eurus on the mantle. “This pic has to go, too. It’s jamming your style.”
Finally, Sherlock bites down and pulls back, innocently chewing the cursed fruit.
John stares, bewildered. Sherlock’s heart beats right out of his chest. Is John seeing right through him? Even in disguise, he feels suddenly naked.
Sherlock turns around abruptly. “You SAW what happened in there!”
“Okay, then.”
John glances at Sherlock. Did Wilson just… put his thumb between Sherlock’s trousers and belly? He sees a flash of milky white skin. Magnussen continues talking. It makes John shiver with disgust.
“Yes, they kai kai’ed last season, if you know what I mean.”
. I know it’s hard to grasp, but us idiots can solve murders too.”
They laugh, and quickly move on.
Then, Sherlock removes John’s finger from his hot mouth, and very slowly guides it down. He lifts his knee a little, places John’s wet finger right at his entrance, and lets go. Breathing unsteadily, Sherlock locks eyes with John.
“Stop calling ‘stealing production notes’
“Why…” John starts.
Eagerly, Moriarty makes Mary’s body move forward.
At that moment, Mrs Hudson enters the hallway.
“I know.”
-The Heathers: a season 3 ‘mean girl’ alliance between Raja, Manila, Delta and Carmen
“John…” he breathes. “I’m… You’re leaking.”
“Tape ripping?” John asks, back in the monitoring room.
“What?”
He's remembering the days before Sherlock jumped off St Bart's. How the media turned against him. The many headlines after. The repeated phone calls of journalists, calling him from different phones if he blocked their numbers. They harassed him near the cemetery. At the bakery. At Speedy's. And after Sherlock came back, it got worse somehow. Long opinion pieces were written about whether John Watson was right in forgiving his so-called friend. As if it were up for public debate, to be battled in likes and shares. Angry smiley if you vote no. Fuck off.
, certainly.
John braces to listen. Not out of curiosity, of course. Could be relevant to the case.
“That means you get a private floor, a jacuzzi, a kitchen, as well as extra amenities. And of course, VIP Fast Passes for Disneyland. Here’s a brochure, here are your key cards,” she says. “Do you have any more questions?”
“Let’s move on,” Ru says quickly.
John closes his eyes. “Yes, Sherlock. Please.”
“Oh, sorry to disturb your alone time with my cock!”
Sherlock squints, but then catches Lestrade staring. He quickly recovers, and puts a scowling look on John’s face.
He steps onto the platform with more panache than ever, and rises skyward, flooded in light and smoke. “And if I’m flying solo, at least I’m flying free!”
Why all these questions? She-lock holds John’s wrist, secretly feeling his puls - a fast heartbeat. She stares into his eyes - pupils dilated.
“Well,
“Well. Here I am”, Victor says, and they hold each other's gaze without looking away. John clears his throat and lightly taps his fingers to his glass.
Is this a thing now? Has he agreed to come out of his closet? He doesn’t remember telling Karamo this. Let alone the frighteningly perfect wall of hair that is Jonathan.
“RuPaul does. But of course, he gets advice from the judges.”
“Why would I help you? For you to simply shoot me and John afterwards?” Sherlock asks, motioning to his own body. “Once you know
Bloody. Cotton. Balls.
John frowns.
-Death drop: Dance move where someone dramatically falls backwards into a pose on the ground
Sherlock surrenders.
She-lock laughs, and starts to blend John’s make-up, when suddenly they’re approached by Phi Phi.
Behind him, John hears Sherlock puff and grunt as he moves faster and faster, the slick noises of spit and precome getting smeared by the palm of a hand.
Sherlock folds his hands together, fingertips touching.
Mycroft Holmes looks entirely disgusted with him, and pulls back for his final blow.
Another blow.
“Shit,” John mumbles to himself. “I thought
Right: he’d sent a black car with tinted windows, and Adele’s
Drag-cabulary:
John pulls further back, and puts his hand reassuringly on Sherlock’s abdomen. But at his touch, Sherlock violently draws back, face contorted, and he nearly tumbles backwards out of bed. Quickly, Sherlock runs to the balcony and disappears.
“Shut up,” Michelle says.
“I’m bisexual.”
“What the fuck is that?” John asks.
Sherlock checks to make sure John hasn’t heard. “We’d defeated Jaws and Tee Hee as planned. Even the bending of the golden gun went splendidly. But then a third, unknown party started shooting at us. Are you sure the target is still in Amsterdam?”
“Let me get you some ice,” he says.
A small pause. “So you’re a bit lost there, She-lock,” Ru says.
-Baloney!: a quote from Bianca Del Rio, from when she was impersonating Judge Judy on Snatch Game
Before Sherlock can reply, Jonathan comes running into the room, wearing the deerstalker. “Look what I found!”, he says, bursting with joy.
“Yes,” she says. “You’ve got a real writing skill. In your… fingers.”
“Sherlock,” he says, softly. “That was the whole point of this. And I realise now that I’ve… put you on the spot, with this. I’ve been letting myself get carried away with this silly reality show. So, please, know that if I have to, I’ll sleep on the couch or ask Mrs Hudson if I can rent 221C, so we can add an extra staircase and an extra bedroom. But… ”
He's trembling, and yet his voice sounds steady. “Victor and I were friends in college. But when he was drunk... When we were... drunk...” He hesitates on the word drunk. Perhaps something else, then. John winces, but then nods understandingly. No need to get into those specifics now.
At least now, he might be able to move on.
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m not pulling all the weight - we’re not attached at the boob, John. I’ll just give verbal instructions. I won’t touch you, and you can turn around. I won’t look, I promise.”
“Who?” John asks.
After Sherlock is forced to ride a coaster called ‘Crush’s Coast’ - about a fish called Nemo - John buys an automated photo Disneyland took while they were riding.
But are they unwanted? Sherlock's eyes quickly glance at John. Unreadable.
In a way, it's how he feels: run over, ruined.
It’s the Alices - except now, they are empty-handed and head outside the castle, scattering in different directions.
The man is standing on the balcony with Jonathan. They’re holding telescopes.
“And I'm Mrs. Thames, Herlock's young and hot landlady”, Penelope says. Sherlock flashes her a quick smile, probably just to rile Sebastian up.
“I thought you would’ve learned to mistrust taxis by now,” Moriarty grins, taking a hard right. “But you two lovebirds were a bit distracted, I see.”
“So you don’t know where he is, or how long he’s been missing,” Sherlock says icily. “You really are terrible at blind chess.”
John frowns, and Karamo locks an arm around him. He can feel Karamo’s muscles clench against him, as he continues to speak. “I wanted to show you that you don’t necessarily need a classic family picture of wife, husband and daughter to live your best life. I want you to let go of the idea that you need a mother for Rosie, and perhaps entertain the idea of two dads.”
“Run, John,” Sherlock says, and throws him the suitcase while grabbing the overnight bag himself. Together, they dash out of the carriage. John is not sure whereto; the train is moving, there’s no clear exit. They can’t very well go to the roof because it’s going too fast. All he knows is he needs to run.
Sherlock glares at him. “Of course, I had a lot of great role models. You see, I had come into contact with doctors myself plenty of times. Especially as a teenager. The STD’s I’ve had…”
“Maybe you have a piss kink.”
Sherlock licks his lips. This - this - is -
“Right, that’s settled then,” Janine says. She grabs her phone and walks away, making arrangements. Leaving Sherlock and John to their spontaneous staring contest.
“My people still have an eye on him,” Mycroft says. “He’s in his apartment, they can see him sitting behind a curtain as we speak.”
John treads even faster as he turns the corner of Melcombe street, right into Baker Street. The bags slam into his shins. He hopes he’s not bruising the artichoke.
He sounds absolutely lost.
One of the Dwarves walks up to the laser beam and pushes the ‘off’ button. Another one walks up to Moriarty, and cuffs him. “You’re under arrest,” he says, and then adds. “The Queen would like her dick laser back.”
Thirteen minutes have passed since they disappeared to the bedroom, but they feel more like seven years. Years full of smalltalk about the fake, boring murder case, about finances, about some prank they pulled in their master's after which nothing else of interest ever happened in their lives. Hence this dinner.
“This is the most depressing kid’s room I’ve ever seen,” Bobby says.  “And I’ve seen Oliver Twist.”
She-lock sighs. She should return to her bedroom. What are they doing here? Sharon Needles is the smart one. Nobody is getting inside.
“Tens across the board,” Brooke concludes.
Sherlock Holmes?”, John says, and he takes a few steps closer, past the soft, luxury double bed. His eyes are squinting, his body is tight like an elastic band, and he's waiting for the slightest sign. The lightest nod will make him snap.
He’s still angry. And now he’s got an angry boner, damn it.
John opens his mouth to protest.
Todrick and Alyssa exit on opposite sides of the studio.
“Your clothes, as requested”, the boy says, completely oblivious.
Sherlock takes off the Belstaff and hands it to, what must seem to Mrs Hudson, its rightful owner. She looks doubtfully between them two.
“You’ve got a licence to kill, now,” Mycroft says, looking him in the eye intensely.
“Says here we have to dress up as our characters.” John clicks on the attachment, and two short descriptions pop up for him and his date. A woman and a man. A couple.
His belly touches Sherlock’s back now. His hips, he keeps carefully turned away from Sherlock’s behind. He doesn’t want any awkward erections suddenly rearing their ugly head. He just wants to -
“But that’s not even the real gaggery. You cannot charge me or Sharon with threatening Michelle Visage,” She-lock tells a crowd of queens, policemen and (pit) crew members. “Because Michelle… is not even here.”
“Different?”
It’s Sherlock Holmes, back in his chair.
“Let’s do cocaine and fuck,” Alaska says.
“Wouldn’t I,” Sherlock grits through John’s teeth.
“John! It’s Michelle Visage! She’s unconscious!”
It's indecent to eavesdrop.
“What?”
“A temporary tattoo,” Sherlock says.
“It appears that just about anyone can get a wedding officiant’s license online these days,” Sherlock comments. He’s grinning.
John caresses it, mouth slightly open.
-deserves.
? Can’t he go write about it in his diary or something?
“Who might lift you up where you belong - back in the saddle? Who will you take the reins with?”
Sherlock’s eyes flicker toward Victor. “Can't I be some sort of ghost solving my own murder?”
“John, what is happening?” Sherlock sounds lost.
“Except your pants, of course.” John smiles. Okay, perhaps he was purposely riling him up.
He feels a bit ashamed of that really.
The best woman - well. John smiles. The big question. The best woman.
John stands up and paces to the window, then to Sherlock’s chair. He’s never felt this agitated. “We’ve always faced danger together, Sherlock! Always!”
“So when they call you, please, don’t engage," John says. "Don’t even answer ‘yes’ or ‘no’, because that might become a story. If they ask you if you enjoyed me touching your butt, and you answer ‘no’, then the next headline is “I Hated Him Touching My Ass’. Seriously, Sherlock. Just don’t pick up anymore.”
The beam, however, has nearly reached Sherlock’s bum now. A flash of panic runs through Sherlock’s eyes.
John can’t help but laugh. How could that possibly be good? He’ll have to go home, alone, and find out the truth on telly, once the show is aired.
“Sleeping Beauty’s Castle.”
John leans forward, bringing his face closer.
“Yes, lovely bloke, you should meet him,” Lestrade says. He scratches the back of his head.
Ru turns to the camera. She sighs. “Anyway. I’ve made my decision. Again.”
But how do you make a funeral amusing? Perhaps some music.
John manages to untie the last rope and drags Sherlock backward off the table, allowing the man to fall on top of him.
Sherlock glares at him. “Never.”
There is a note on the door.
She-lock nods. “Willam.”
Sherlock leans toward John.
The five Alices look like giants to him. Sherlock sinks to his knees, too weak to fight back.
“He'd slowly trace the edges of my sphincter”, Sherlock narrates again, and John does as Sherlock orders, rubbing the man's anus softly, gently. “And then, when I was least expecting it, he'd enter me.”
He finds himself pointing a finger close to Sherlock’s face.
“What?”
“I shouldn’t have come here. I see that now.”
But he should really be careful. Sex can get emotional. What if Sherlock accidentally falls in love with him?
“Speak for yourself, I just won 400,000 pounds,” John says.
“You’re a beautiful drag queen, She-lock,” John says, holding her gaze. “You’re a gorgeous man. And when you remove the female illusion, remove the male pretence, when you peel back the layers - you
...” Katya looks down, bites her lip. “Detox.”
“It’s better to know something like this earlier than later,” he says.
“I'm waiting for you to leave the bed, John”, Sherlock says. “Thought it would be better if I gave you some space to do that.”
, and he’s only looking for fame. We can’t allow him to win this thing. Moreover, I just can’t be sent home now. I’m very close to cracking this case, John. The only logical conclusion is, I have to go to lengths David isn’t willing to go to.”
“Perhaps.”
Jonathan takes one look at them, his mouth a sad line, then turns around, and leaves.
He catches himself absentmindedly tugging on his penis. It’s already half hard again.
John has heard that name. Well, who hasn't? He's been on a reality medical show called 'Top Doctors' for several seasons now, and his face has graced many magazines outside of the realm of medical journals. He might even have been in a toothpaste commercial, now that John thinks about it. Jonathan Wilson is about forty-ish, very intelligent, and very, very attractive.
Oh no.
-The Princess: an edgy queen who made a pass at Sharon Needles during season 4
, Sherlock thinks.
But the note hadn’t let him go.
John sits down next to She-lock.
It takes
He points the tip of the laser to the table edge in between Sherlock’s feet, and turns it on. A powerful beam slowly starts cutting the table in half, edging slowly up between Sherlock’s legs.
“It’s a bit of a gamble,” Sherlock says, and they giggle.
“Sherlock,
He focuses on the reality in front of him. The secretary’s skirt is so tight that John’s pretty sure a student could do maths homework on those curves.
“But?” Sherlock says, quietly.
“She… Nobody expected me to care about her.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” is all John manages to say before all gay hell breaks loose.
Wiggins shoots up from his chair. “You cheated.”
“That’s…”
“Apply some pressure and rotate slowly, just like this. Do you like that?”
“Are y’all ready for the first episode of Queer Eye: Around the World Edition?” Karamo asks.
It’s as if John is deducing the world around him by pointing out the obvious, and yet revealing it to Sherlock in wholly new ways.
John pulls back, and looks at She-lock’s lips. She-lock brings her hand to them: John’s thick lipstick has spread to her lips, a little.
Sherlock lifts his arms to shield himself, tries to pull away, but John stops him. He waits patiently until Sherlock looks him in the eyes.
He’s not here on a date, is he?
Sherlock’s family.
He carefully takes John’s left hand in his and lifts it. His knuckles are slightly damaged - one is bleeding.
John laughs shortly, and reaches into one of the bathroom cabinets, pulling out a bottle of lube. “I’ll do yours and you do mine. In a manner of speaking, they’re ours anyway.”
“I wish your body could have a cigarette about now,” John hisses. “But I won’t let it. Damn it.”
John tries to stand, but his legs shake too hard. In the corner of his eye, in the middle of the room, he can see a gun lying. It must be Lestrade’s. If he could only, without anyone noticing, crawl over to it. He groans and tries to focus on breathing.
Carefully, he looks up, locks eyes with Sherlock. The detective’s face looks frightened, shocked.
Jonathan Wilson looks surprised. “I didn’t know you were religious?”
“Really?” John sounds surprised.
Antoni smiles tenderly, hugging her. “Show us where John’s apartment is, please, Mrs Hudson.”
,” John replies. Absentmindedly, he touches his cheekbones. “You just made it weird!”
All the stories are accompanied by the same two pictures - screenshots of John showing Sherlock how to give a massage. Shot from above, by a security camera of sorts. Or perhaps one the production team put there? One of the pictures is fairly innocent, though perhaps not to Sherlock - with John rubbing his scar-ridden back. But the other shows John with his hand almost touching his ass. Enlarged and zoomed in, it’s rather grainy, so it looks worse than it was. More… invasive.
She-lock follows his gaze, then back to John. Her face changes. Something seems to dawn on her. “Oh,” she says. “Oh.”
There’s no time to think. Ever again, possibly.
-Chad Michaels: drag queen who specialises in Cher impersonations (she’s a professional)
very curious about how such a bodyswap could ever be physically possible. Is his spirit running on John’s brain? Does this mean there are such things as ghosts?
“I wasn’t in the bottom, I was top 11!” She-lock replies, outraged.
When John enters the room, Sherlock is staring out the window. The room is covered in candles, shrouding him in shivering shadows. Sherlock’s back, wrapped in a white bathrobe, is ramrod straight. Sherlock could probably benefit from a relaxing rubdown, actually, John thinks as he eyes the massage bed in the middle of the room.
John knows what to do.
“Please! Don’t. I’ll do anything,” Sherlock quickly says.
“Doubt it,” Sherlock hisses, and exits.
He should, though. He should. He doesn’t even know if Sherlock wants to do
When John arrives back on set, suitcase in hand, he sighs.
Which is odd, coming from Sherlock. He has never seemed insecure about his looks - why would he be? He’s a stunning man, and more than once John has suspected him of taking advantage of it to charm a suspect into confessing.
After last night's... accident, it's time to get back on the horse.
Writing this has mostly felt like shouting into the void. I’ve been working on this for months. It’s been LONELY, lol. Glad I finally get to share it!
“Excuse me, we originated the language,” She-lock says, adding for good measure: “I know the Queen’s English, you only know drag queen English.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-May I call you Jiggly?: a phrase Ru frequently said to season 4 queen Jiggly Caliente; Jiggly used severed legs in her first challenge and then did an epic lip sync for her life
Sherlock can’t help but grinning.
“Though I did mean to ask,” John continues, “how do you ‘sissy’ a walk?”
Sherlock’s chest trembles as it tries to release breath.
John stares in awe. “You like him, don’t you?”
“Doctor Watson, you’re not implying that I have anything to do with this, are you?” Magnussen says, dabbing his lips with a cloth napkin. “I am an investor, not a writer. I pay other people to pursue their dream of journalism. In any case, I haven’t been at the editorial office but I’ve been here all along, filming this show, and I can assure you, I have not been standing outside Bainbridge’s room at night with a camera.”
“He sucked!” The boy jumps up, laughing. He exposes his plastic, pointy teeth. “It was Dracula!”
Next to She-lock, John swallows hard.
“John. John. John.”
John shakes his head. No. No, Sherlock ended his life, on that pavement. His own, and John’s.
“Say what?” Trixie says. “She’s sitting right next to me.”
Who’s currently glaring at Sharon.
But Sherlock can see the smile slowly fading and he closes his eye again so he won’t have to see the realisation on John’s face that nobody else has ever heard Sherlock not snore during the night.
Wouldn't have kissed the bloke, for sure.
This is too much.
Suddenly, they hear a loud noise on the balcony next to theirs.
Almost imperceptibly, Sherlock nods in John’s general direction. As they’re all waiting for Mary to arrive, Jonathan stands alone like a strayed hare on the hunting ground. Sherlock subtly shuffles over, and joins him at his side to stare at the other contestants, who look back in anger.
He’s just doing this to, you know, show him how he can flirt with Wilson, later.
Sherlock’s eyes are cold. He tries to turn away his face, but John stops him with his hand. “A gift for me?”
But then, Sherlock wraps his body around him from behind, holding on tightly. And even if that walks a thin line still, John allows it. He pushes his back closer into Sherlock, as if he could somehow tighten the hug. In his neck, he feels Sherlock’s hot, erratic breath. He’s almost imperceptibly shaking.
Too late: Lestrade has already heard the comment, and grins broadly.
“Why were you being rude to that new nurse?” John scolds.
“Oh no, she’s not like that...
- right. She-lock tries to get better at learning names. Apparently, it gets you so-called sympathy points from viewers. Tedious. Nobody should be expected to know all the judges’ names anyway.
“Guess you won’t be needing her number anymore,” he whispers in his ear.
(Maybe just his imagination. The imagination of an idiot.)
John frowns. “No, what else is there to show?”
When John walks out a little later, in a tight, dark blue suit with a white shirt and white tie underneath, Sherlock and Tan both gasp.
She’s good at feigning feelings, John notes. That’s… concerning. He should be more aware of how much danger he could be in, right now.
“Do you think you can win this?” captain Watson asks, seemingly determined to push further. “The competition is strong, I hear.”
“I’m not your personal porter. Please take the one that M sent us,” John says, letting the rather large overnight bag knock into Sherlock’s legs.
She thinks of John’s lips. She nearly holds his hand, but not quite, just as they’ve practised.
John reflexively jolts backward, but Sherlock keeps his grip.
“Royal Flush,” John says quickly. “I win. No fingering needed.”
“Can I have a cigarette break?” Katya Zamolodchikova asks, in a thick Russian accent. She is, according to her file, from Boston, Massachusetts.
Sherlock glares at his brother, and walks back up to the microphone. “Next, Le.. Gregory? Lestrade.”
Jonathan glances at the camera, unsure. “Sherlock, stop.”
A brief pause.
“This was not what you expected to wake up to,” John tells Jonathan, wiping some post-sleep saliva off his chin. “Sorry.”
“Oh hell to the N.O.,” She-lock says. “You’re not turning me into the Villain-tina of Absolut All Stars. I’m not leaving here unless my name is on some shady queen’s sweaty boob lipstick.”
Sherlock doesn’t finish his sentence.
“Because you invited me.”
A lesser man would gloat about the correct assumptions.
“After Wiggins was stabbed. I had to, John.”
John follows Sherlock’s game. “I heard you recently acquired some quality… gold bars.”
Him? Her? John frowns. This is confusing. He decides to keep it at ‘him’, as long as She-lock is out of drag, like now. Apart from a frankly alarming amount of mascara on his eyes, She-lock is quite formally dressed for the setting: tailored, black suit, white shirt, hair impeccable. He sticks out like a sore thumb. The others are wearing bejeweled hats, crop tops and their own merch. Save for RuPaul, who’s wearing a bright green suit with a purple tie.
“Right, okay,” John manages to say. “That… that was really good. Now,
John might as well have shocked him with a defibrillator, because Sherlock’s chest puffs up in shock.
Should this be tagged dubcon? I’m really not sure. Please share your thoughts in the comments.
“Nnnggggh,” John breathes, pushing back into Sherlock’s face.
“I like the carpeting,” Sherlock says, as he fondles some gold-coloured chips.
Drag-cabulary:
“Wait, why were you aroused in the first place?” John mumbles.
Irene raises the gun and points it at John. John giggles. The joke’s on her. He’s been sedated, he won’t feel anything.
. The whole case will be solved before the theme song hits the screen. And we've been very low on clients, especially since you refuse to update your blog anymore. This could be good for business.”
“Sherlock? What the ...”
“Is that… Miley Cyrus?” John whispers.
“Wait there, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft says. “Help is on the way.”
, first.”
“And anyway, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery,” Trixie adds. “Unless it’s Max doing Sharon Needles for Snatch Game.”
It doesn’t matter - it’s a piece of theater, he doesn’t actually read
She-lock is wearing nothing but a pair of heels, red panties and iPod buds hanging from one ear.
It’s a rush.
“And though he had his flaws….” Mycroft pretends to choke up. “Sorry, I have to end it here.”
They buy a rucksack with Dalmatian dots at the gift shop, because Sherlock agrees they can’t walk around with the gadget suitcase like they’re at Disney to attend an important HR meeting. But Sherlock refuses to buy any other merchandise, and only agrees to leave his suit jacket back in the suite because it’s quite sunny. He’s wearing a tight waistcoat, though. He shouldn’t let Disney ruin his Bond aesthetic.
Of course, right at that moment, Phi Phi walks by, and stops in her tracks. She throws a long, haughty look at Watson.
John, bumping into the top of the doorway: “What?”
“We discussed this,” he urges.
“I didn’t almost die because I didn’t stay put like I was told to,” John says, pulling down his trousers. “I almost died because I was playing a game I didn’t know all the rules to.”
Sherlock blinks quickly.
. It can’t be a coincidence. It must be some sort of huge prank that Sherlock and Mycroft are pulling on him. Or an exciting case they’re organising for him - specifically. John frowns. For his… For his birthday?
“I was - I
“You’re going to have to beat that face real hard to win, Shell-cock,” Phi Phi says, waiting a beat. “And that vet’s face too.”
A cursed scent.
As the people leave the church and greet Sherlock’s family at the entrance, John remains in his seat, unmoving. He even sends Molly away, Sherlock observes. This is his chance… to say something. Anything.
“Fix it, Mycroft. And get us out of here,
“I'm supposed to play a guy named James Weston. He is
“Up, up. We need you. Sherlock is supposed to do his one-on-one date with Wilson, a massage, but he’s refusing to take off his bathrobe. He’s demanding we bring him his clothes and organise a different date. We don’t have time for this, John. He already made one gaffer quit, and another one is in tears.”
Everyone else is leaving the runway, but suddenly, John steps forward. “Wait!”
He glances at Sherlock, who stands stock still, staring at the Aston Martin.
Mrs Hudson will get that, John assumes. But there is only silence. She must be out for groceries.
“What, why, you better not be coming for me, I love Adore but that bitch is whiter than a queen’s post Drag Race teeth, she looks like she’s been dead since the nineties.”
? What is this, a 90s soft porn movie?
“Mary is my best sniper,” Mary says.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock waves his hand dismissively, still pacing back and forth. “He was my plant, of course, a longtime member of the homeless network. Let’s say the excuse that he left the show for drug-related reasons won’t be that far-fetched. But he was useful and slipped me observances about the other candidates when I was occupied elsewhere.”
“Shut up”, Sherlock replies, looking himself in the face. He breathes deeply, looking down at John’s still erect cock. This cannot stand.
John glances at Sherlock. He’s caressing the petals of his rose with his long, lean fingers, absentmindedly staring at Jonathan. God, he’s really smitten, isn’t he? It tugs at John’s heart. He never knew. He never knew there was a volcano hidden in that cold rock.
“Did you change my bloody ringtone to the James Bond theme?”
just a repeat of all the dreadful business with Victor.
A brief silence falls. “What are you on about?”
John’s arm hairs salute. “What?”
John swallows. “You can’t back out now.”
in this house?” Tan asks, scandalised.
“Who is the body?” She-lock yells at Vanjie.
John cocks his head and crosses his arms. “So we found the killer then? Case solved? We can… go… home?”
He sips his earl grey, looking at Sherlock’s empty chair.
John frowns. “It must be some kind of explosive liquid or innovative poison or something fancy.”
An hour later, John is still sitting on Sherlock’s bed. He doesn’t want to spend the night in its gaping emptiness, but he doesn’t want to move, either. The sheets haven’t been changed since last night. Sherlock must have put a “do not disturb” sign on the door.
Sherlock throws his head back and laughs. But before he can reply, Janine comes over, carrying drinks.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock says. It’s odd that his brother would call.
John looks her in the eye. “Six inches is nothing.”
It takes Mrs Hudson a little more effort to get herself to stop hugging Antoni, but eventually she leads them up the staircase.
“I’m here, sir”, a voice suddenly booms as the door swings open. John quickly retreats his hands and rubs them on his upper legs.
He’s already hung up, insufferable man. Sherlock grunts. Great. Now they’re stuck in bloody France with a potential killer on the loose. Sherlock hadn’t been counting on this case actually requiring effort - other than ziplining himself to the ground with John
“What?”
Sherlock loses it.
He leads them into the building, and after a long walk, motions them to go inside an abandoned laboratory.
John pulls his fingertip out of Sherlock's hole.
And he grabs the man’s head in both his hands, leaning in for a hard, urgent kiss.
Sherlock looks at him with uncertainty. Is that on John’s wishlist? Perhaps they should just dismiss the case, leave Mycroft to clean up the mess, and take a holiday right here.
The butler holds the platter underneath people's noses. There are tiny, white spoons on it, and everyone takes one, until it's Sherlock's turn and there are none left. He looks disappointed as a child, the butler looks mortified.
John turns it around, and finds a keyhole on the side. He looks at it with a frustrated sadness.
Sherlock looks offended and opens his mouth to reply, but she disappears back into the crowd. John looks at the glass.
John swallows heavily. So Jonathan did know about the note? Sherlock told him?
“Just one question. How long have you been shagging Sherlock Holmes?”
John, meanwhile, seems to have drained all colour from his face. “Can’t you just give me a… Hoop skirt? Nobody’s checking down there, right?”
Sherlock takes the potato. John stares at Sarah's potato. It's half eaten already. It doesn't look too appetizing anymore.
“It happened in Serbia,” Sherlock says, his voice crawling to the surface from awful depths. He lifts his chin, but doesn’t turn around to look at John. His elbows tremble lightly, his fingers are tight like cobwebs around his knees. “They’d had me for three weeks before Mycroft found me. Another month until he had infiltrated their ranks.”
For an insane moment, John hopes -- maybe Moriarty is doing the Bond surprise in exchange for penalty reduction?
“-Sholto…” John’s at a loss for words. His tongue feels dry in his throat. It’s like seeing a ghost from his past - Sholto, back in his old uniform, eyes hard, and speaking of hard -
He feels a tinge of regret thinking of Molly like that. He likes her, she’s great, she’d make a great girlfriend for anyone. But he’s fine with his life. It is what it is.
Damn drag outfit.
“How long can we use our Fast Passes?” John talks over him quickly.
“I can’t do this, John.”
“David is
Sherlock reaches his hands up to John’s shoulders. Now it’s John’s turn to moan, remembering Sherlock’s electric touch the night before. Encouraged by this, Sherlock starts tracing up and down John’s chest, then reaches around and over his back, picking up speed, enclosing him with desperate arms.
John pouts. “It’s my birthday.”
“Did you ever even…” John bites his lip. He can’t say it.
“I can’t believe they’re still making you do this,” she says.
It’s well into the morning hours when finally, he has a breakthrough. Much to the mice’s pleasure, it seems. One of them suddenly knows his way around a familiar labyrinth again - meaning he’s quite himself again.
“Why aren’t you wearing pajamas?” John asks.
On the floor, near John, a disregarded rose lies. It feels odd, to John. Strangely out of place. He stares at it, but his head won’t clear.
“I want you to feel handsome, John,” he says, looking over his shoulder. “I want to give you the confidence to walk the street like you own it. You’re a beautiful man, and your clothes can accentuate that.”
It’s clear, isn’t it? John needs to leave this competition.
“Anderson wouldn't recognise evidence if it was hitting him in the face with a shovel,” Sherlock says. “Though I'd like to test that hypothesis.”
Not the perineum for example. Definitely not that.
“He was an army doctor before he worked here,” John helpfully provides. “Saved a lot of lives in Afghanistan. He wouldn’t tell you himself, though. He’s very modest.”
Mycroft doesn’t wait for an answer. “I realise your sort takes a little longer to make deductions, so I’ll make it easier for you. Has it occurred to you that Sherlock is not
is really a misleading word. It should be called
It’s very fitting, being yelled at like this - Sherlock does feel like yelling at himself for this.
“Now,” John says, before he starts actually dripping. “You don’t want to dive right in, there. You want to… tease a bit, first. Yeah.”
Irene drops a map - no, an anatomy drawing - of a naked, male body. With a cut-out picture of Sherlock’s head glued on top.
He looks beautiful. The soft, warm desk lamp light brings out the youth in his face.
He reaches into the rucksack for the gadgets manual and finds Q’s number on the first page. If Mycroft won’t help...
On screen, Jonathan and Sherlock go back inside. The bed is covered in rose petals. There’s soft music playing.
There’s a long pause. John fingers the Walther P99 tucked into his waistband. “Is this a bloody kid’s prop, Mycroft?”
“I’m sober,” Jinkx says.
Above him, Mycroft is struggling with Irene. In her neck, a syringe sticks.
“I’m not drunk, John,” Sherlock says, leaning heavily into him.
There, John is having none of Mycroft’s judgmental staring. “Look, I’m just here because he asked me to, and-”
? His cock is full-on throbbing, seaking friction from the mattress beneath him.
They hold each other’s gaze.
“I can assure you, it was rather unpleasant to be woken up by production for that reason,” Jonathan continues. “It’s also very tedious to have to ignore journalists calling you every ten minutes.”
Sherlock slams his fist on the table, the mirror quavers. “Oh for god’s sake John, not this again!”
Shit. How is he actually supposed to do this?
“All of them are ex-soldiers, former captains... and some of their… bookkeepers,” RuPaul adds quickly. “We thank them for their service, to keep the Queen’s England a safe place for England’s Queens.”
“Bishop. D7 to C6.”
Last but not least, I want to thank you all for reading. It's been a blast sharing this with you! Next update: Thursday.
Bloody hell. Wilson got the bathtub, and he got the floor?
“Looks like you’re my damsel in distress today,” Magnussen says.
“Thought I heard my name”, Sherlock says, coldly.
John turns around, and lifts his hands.
“But what if I’m hungry,” Magnussen says.
“John, what were you doing earlier?” Sherlock asks.
Anyway, that was just
Ru takes a small pause. “Now, it’s time for the main challenge. It’s a classic: the much dreaded and always delightful makeover challenge!”
Sherlock whimpers in pleasure. He's like a subdued animal, a docile tiger, waiting to be pet.
Sherlock smiles, and winks. He looks stunning.
“I just want you to feel sexy!” Tan manages to add.
He cannot blame them: the place is stacked with taxidermied animals, skeletons and jars containing floating, misshapen creatures.
“Oh, was that you, Vanjie?” Jinkx asks. “Sorry, without my contact lenses I can barely see the difference between Willam, Courtney Act or Derrick Barry.”
John tries to spread his legs a little further -
God –
Surely they will not tear down She-lock, though? She looks stunning. Brilliant. Amazing.
Groaning more loudly.
A grumpy Charles Magnussen joins them, carrying a yoghurt. So does Stephen Bainbridge, who has stacked his plate with as many different types of food as he could. He stuffs himself with cheese, grapes, and salmon, like he can’t make up his mind. David is nowhere to be seen.
“Of the sodomite variant, to say it in a biblical way.”
Even though he tries to fight it, John's mouth falls open a little. On his army pension, he can pretty much rent a bedroom the size of a toilet stall, but this? Priceless. Past the luxuriously set table, the huge leather sofa and the wonderful wooden floors, the penthouse is pretty much all windows. No walls, but glass panes confine the space, from which you can oversee the whole of London. Rooftops under a misty blanket. Lively lights.
Previously on 'Ghosting John Watson': John asked 'the ghost of Sherlock' why he killed himself in front of him.
Sherlock nods, watching him with dark eyes, unreadable.
“Yes,” he says unsteadily. He doesn’t want to stop. “Go on, please.”
Phi Phi walks back to her work station, yelling: “Anderson! Don’t touch my wigs! I’m no Ariel Versace!”
Ru laughs. “Well, thank you all for being here. The next judge, we all know, of course, miss Michelle Visage.”
When John doesn’t reply, Sherlock turns around and goes to his bathroom. John sighs as he hears the shower running. Time to go back to his hotel room and catch a few hours of sleep yet.
“But you didn’t even notice.”
Sherlock inhales sharply.
Jonathan Wilson is without doubt a better man for Sherlock anyway. Someone he doesn’t share a troubled past with. An interesting man, ten times the doctor John ever was, someone who can share the spotlight with Sherlock instead of standing in its shade.
John shoots Sherlock a warning look. Before coming he's given him a long preach, that he had something to make up for after the Chinese circus, and if he thought he was being too friendly, probably it wasn't enough yet.
“I love this,” he says. “This whole trip, this suite. It’s great, Sherlock.”
Find a different store, definitely.
She can’t stand being here much longer. She gets up close to Phi Phi, and points to her upper lip. “For your information, that’s not a rash, but a herpes sore.”
“it’s ridiculous”, She-lock says, indignantly. “Sharon can chew on a blood bag all over the runway, but when I accessorise with some severed legs, I’m not high fashion enough?”
Behind them, the butler, who was just coming in, screams out in fright. He drops a large cake on the floor.
“Solve it!”
“But you were supposed to sleep in my bedroom?”
Ponytail, subtle red lipstick, a white blouse that's slightly open but hides all its secrets, the hint of a blush on her cheeks: Sarah has fully immersed into the character she has to play in the murder mystery game tonight. She briefly kisses John, who's wearing a simple rugby shirt underneath his usual black cotton jacket, and stretches her hand to Sherlock. She's getting used to these threeway dates.
“Well, yes. My older brother Mycroft…”
While the cameras change positions again, Janine puts her hands on Sherlock and John’s shoulders as she addresses the group.
. The man has overcome his limp once, but can he do the same for a dance challenge?
“Hm?” She-lock stirs.
But he’s awoken by a loud knocking.
John starts googling, heart beating heavily in his chest. It doesn’t take long until he finds them - the news articles, about him and Sherlock, all neatly sorted by Google. HOT TOUCHES IN THE MASSAGE ROOM. WILL 'CONFIRMED BACHELOR' JOHN WATSON COCKBLOCK THE BACHELOR? HAS WATSON SHOWN SHERLOCK HIS JOHN?
It happens almost instantly - like a sneeze. Suddenly, Sherlock is back in his actual body, with his old arms and legs and…
I hope you all enjoyed this ride!
“It’s a business trip, John,” Sherlock reminds him. “
“Your man is giving me so much sexy face, I can’t even handle it,” Jonathan tells Sherlock. “He’s thirst trapping harder than Antoni, I swear to god. Isn’t John to die for?”
Sherlock flips a few pages further.
John pushes the spraying mechanism. Nothing comes out.
Sherlock bites the salmon.
John had pondered over this riddle for a few days. Why would Mycroft want him to see a medium? And more so: one that’s not even good?
“Tell him what? That you killed yourself in front of him, but it was just a joke? Do you think he’ll be happy?”
“Because you’re constantly on Grindr and I’m not,” Sherlock replies, frantically typing.
“Oh no, please stay”, Penelope says, flashing her crooked tooth. “I think I've just solved the case of Herlock Sholmes.”
“YASS QUEEN,” Jonathan yells, arm hanging out the side window, “ELIZABETH II!”
Irene walks over to Lestrade’s gun. Elegantly, she picks it up.
John throws Dimmock a look.
Sherlock looks at it, then steps forward, and wraps John in his arms. They’re in the middle of the restaurant, and could be seen by Jonathan if he came in - what would he think then? But John doesn’t care. He feels warm, and at home. He melts into Sherlock, allows himself one lasts decadence before maybe losing Sherlock forever. He breathes deeply, to collect Sherlock’s smell in his dying lungs.
“What are you nervous about?”, John asks, staring at Sherlock’s long, pale neck.
At the same moment, a figure grabs her from behind, making her miss the shot. John cowers, ears ringing. Then, another shot rings. This time, the bullet grazes just above John’s knee. John lets himself drop to the floor. He stares at his legs in surprise. Then, he looks up.
“He must’ve faked his suicide!” Sherlock explains, scandalised. John’s voice can go to a strange high place, apparently.
A strange atmosphere enters the room. Slightly, just one inch, John’s right hand slides upwards.
He’s panting.
By the time Jonathan turns around John’s chair so he can check himself in the mirror, he’s so hyped that, for a moment, he finds his reflection attractive.
Then, Sherlock stills. And in that exact moment, a cloud moves, allowing the moonlight to fall into the room. John stares up. Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his face is illuminated by kind moonlight. He has never looked younger, or more beautiful. Open, in a way. His bottom lip is slightly dropped, his cheeks are blushing. A curl falls playfully across his forehead. His features are soft. Then, the moment passes, the moon is obscured again, and Sherlock buries his face in John’s shoulder.
“Can I have a lift?” Sherlock asks.
“No, I wasn’t. Just hear me out.” John swallows. “I’m sorry I -”
, you mean,” John says.
, Sherlock thinks.
David stands on the tip of his toes, trying to reach the same level. Or, stoop down to it, John supposes. He shakes his head. It’s like watching a cockfight.
Sherlock kneels by the side of the bed, like he is begging.
Something stirs in John’s stomach.
Before falling asleep, John stares at his rose. How much more crazy can this case get?
He’s probably high on something anyway.
Sherlock's head snaps up. “How so?”
“Oh really?”
Sherlock gets up from the wooden chair, an immediate relief from his lingering back pain. He strokes his fake beard thoughtfully. Halloween…. Might be a busy night, then. God knows he could use the cash, since Mycroft cut him off.
“Ehh… right,” Karamo says.
And suddenly, Victor's hand is full-on on Sherlock's knee. Right there, under the table, in plain sight where John can clearly see it. The goddamn gall. The impertinence. John's trying not to look at it, he really is. So is Sherlock, it seems, because he abruptly puts his water glass back down, trembling a little.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You were in the army. You know what a real gun sounds like.”
pleased to say that you are under arrest for threatening to murder Michelle Visage.”
Exactly two weeks ago ago, he was handed a strange parcel through the open window of an anonymous car. A delivery from Mycroft. The parcel held only a note, and a business card to a beach fair medium. The note was handwritten by Mycroft.
Sherlock puts down his fork, and waits before continuing. “I just wanted to... thank you for everything you’ve done.”
“What do you think I do with her when I babysit her, John?” Molly asks. “Show her body parts in the lab?”
Sherlock frowns. “If you insist.”
Victor shifts slightly in his seat. John shoots him a poisonous look, but decides not to pursue that path.
“Hey John,” Miley says. “Here’s the pair of handcuffs. Camera six and eight are your friends, my man.”
“Around the crotch area?”
They had to do take after take because, John imagines, his eyes were channeling only a desire for the sweet release of death.
-Fishy: (almost) passing as a woman - like ‘catfishy’
Sherlock swallows, dropping his emotionless mask for only an instant.
“But I really need your expertise,” Sherlock adds, trying to make eye contact. John grumbles and looks straight ahead as cars speed by.
“Circumstantial evidence.” They grin at each other, weakly. “But I can’t do this, Sherlock.”
“When I found out…” Moriarty starts.
From the bushes, John smiles at him, and waves.
“I’ve got a whole routine worked out for them!” Todrick yells at Alyssa and three different cameras.
A shocked look crosses Wiggins features. “As the bloody vicar?”
There’s a short silence.
John?
Yes, Wiggins, thanks for that observation.
John has nearly reached her now. But then he freezes. He feels the familiar coldness of a gun in his neck.
Mycroft moves closer, invading his space. He growls. “Do you have the faintest idea what my brother has been through?”
John’s left eyelid is now also nude. Beautiful. But the blue around his irises is slowly killing She-lock, piercing through her.
, by Sam Smith. John scoffs. Pretty dramatic, isn’t it? He pushes a button on the car radio.
“You’re a copper, Lestrade. That’s breaking and entering!” John yells, walking backwards to the bathroom to quickly throw on his bathrobe.
Moriarty screams and jerks back his hand. The trap is stuck to it like a mousetrap to a rat. John quickly grabs Moriarty’s other wrist and smacks the gun away, then elbows Moriarty in the face.
“That can’t be right.”
“Myc… his brother gave me this,” John says.
Sherlock catches his eye. “Stole it from Bainbridge before he left.”
Then, immediately, he understands, and his voice falters. “That you were loved.”
“His notes?”
with him? John blinks. Ever since Jeanette dumped him on Christmas Eve, he hasn’t dated anyone. Which now makes… about seven months. Wow. He’d never noticed, being so caught up in solving cases with Sherlock. Most of his nights he was occupied anyway - trying to make Sherlock watch proper films.
“So errr, Lestrade…” John says. “Should I arrest Bendy Cream?”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asks, halting.
“How convenient.” It sounds bitter, She-lock realises. But he deserves it.
“Shut up, Jon Snow,” Shangela says.
“Probably you switch with the one you were thinking of,” Moriarty says. “
Quickly, he stabs Moran with the sedative, and yanks the man off John.
Thank you guys so much for all your encouragements, they make my days brighter, they make me cry on the toilet, they make me wake up in the middle of the night and burn the sleep out of me with my phone screen. With pleasure!
“Yes, you go and prepare for the day, in your office. I need a coffee,” John says smoothly. “Care for one, Mary?”
He stops talking. She-lock takes a cloth and starts wiping the makeup off John’s face. He is slowly uncovered, like a hidden masterpiece underneath an old painting.
“Right. I’m going to need you to take off your clothes, then.”
Mary’s body walks closer to John’s body, wielding a gun of her own.
There’s no lipstick to be traded. No ulterior motive, no crime.
she? John bites his lip, not sure how to reply. This whole environment is so charged with quick wit, he feels like the slow cousin of the family.
“Oh, but you could not tell
John sighs. Not one of their traditional staring contests again.
“Please, your speech -”
… have been pursuing a medical agree,” John hastily interrupts. “It’s certainly a more noble profession, wouldn’t you agree, Doctor Watson?”
No. This, Sherlock can’t handle. He quickly closes the Bible, and moves on to another prayer. He flies through the amens, and announces it’s time for everyone’s communion wafers.
“What’s wrong?” Jonathan says.
was a bit attractive?”
John would probably describe himself as broken, imperfect. But Sherlock doesn’t think so. John is absolutely stunning. His back is muscled and strong, and every scar makes him only more interesting. Sherlock would like to thoroughly study his every mole, every soldier’s mark. He lowers his trembling hands, disbelieving he is really allowed to touch this soft, rough, beautiful, scarred man before him.
“I’m a golddigger,” John says.
“Oh, right. Yes,” John says, rubbing his long neck. If Sherlock didn’t know any better, he’d detect some… regret in that familiar voice.
John shrugs, a bit taken aback.
“Everyone gets a private date today,” Mary says.
Sherlock rips himself loose, angrily.
“This will NOT become a dance teacher-off!” Alyssa says.
“I know that sounds like a cliché,” John continues, “but hear me out. People love to talk about themselves. They love it when someone listens.
During dinner at the Landmark, Janine comes up to the rather silent table of suitors. She’s carrying a stack of papers.
“... and make them beat it,” Latrice Royale comments smugly.
“They’ll sack you once I accidentally kill people by diagnosing the whooping cough as a regular cough,” Sherlock says.
“Errrr…” Sherlock mumbles. “Mark! Yes, Mark. ‘
Sherlock turns up his coat collar and takes a seat next to him. “Let’s go, 009,” he says with a twinkle in his eye.
“I’d like some privacy please!” He says indignantly.
Sherlock was hiding, and clearly he did not want to be found.
“Even though, one could argue that you're not an expert,” Sherlock says, very much not helping his case, “given that it's been a while since you have, colloquially said,
“Thank you for bringing breakfast to my room,” John says, motioning to all the things he is not hungry for.
John slowly works on Sherlock’s back, kneading tissue, loosening muscles, until he’s soft and pliant. Like smoothing a crumpled piece of paper.
“No?”
“Fwenk you,” Sherlock says.
“Oh, don’t look so scared,” She-lock whispers. “It’s just a dance floor, it’s not Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“I was bored,” Sherlock says.
“Sorry, I only heard about pop culture four days ago. I only know twelve percent of Snatch Game impersonations - though to be fair, that is about as much as the audience knows. During this season’s Snatch Game episode they got mad at me for not knowing who ‘The Madonna’ was,” She-lock says, and turns again.
Sherlock looks up at once, one treacherous tear streaming down his cheek. He flinches at John’s gaze.
What were the other zones again? Ehh, hands, check. Neck. Skin… stuff. Much to cover. He shouldn’t even be thinking about the perineum, really.
“Can’t we just have a Lyft?” John quips.
“She-lock.”
“Come on John. It's okay, we can go”, he says, but his voice is slightly unsteady, and it just about breaks John.
”, John finishes the sentence. He follows the line of Sherlock's body from his tense hand to his face.
To She-lock’s right, Miss Vanjie is reciting the words to the song desperately to herself in a low voice. To She-locks left, Jinkx and her... twink are sharing iPod earbuds, practising the song even as they wait for the dance instructor to arrive.
His hands move to the front of his trousers.
To make everyone believe he was a fake. And they… lapped it up, apparently. Sherlock pinches the palm of his hand. Good…. good, then.
“Well, she’s a… nurse,” John explains, hanging his Belstaff on the wrong hook.
“I don’t need you to guide me tonight. No monitors, no microphone, nothing. Just… allow me this privacy. Please.”
“John Watson, I’m already in love with you,” Karamo says, leading the front of the mob.
Her voice is the lowest John has heard it. A shiver runs through his spine.
“No.”
John tries hard not to shiver, imagining Sherlock whimpering and begging underneath him.
Victor holds his gaze a few seconds, then walks out. Sherlock straightens his tight shirt, which John swears he solely uses to torture buttons. For a second there's a flash of skin between his trousers and the shirt. John's eyes flick to it unconsciously.
“It’s the biggest job I’ve done,” Sherlock says, trying not to roll his eyes. “But I won’t blow it. I’m a family friend, please note. I knew Sherlock when he was little. Brilliant child…”
“I know what will solve your problem,” Ru interrupts Michelle. “LA Eyeworks.”
“That doesn’t seem appropriate.”
Logical, of course - she’ll be working closely with Doctor Watson, after all.
“I saw you die, Sherlock. How…” John shakes his head to shake away that memory. “You were dead.”
“What do people normally say?”
“Don’t speak. Just listen,” Magnussen whispers. “I know what you two have been up to.”
They laugh nervously.
“Do you like the way Molly takes care of Rosie?” Karamo asks.
“I rub people the wrong way. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. I rarely call my parents. I sometimes make up deductions just to annoy people. I have made witnesses cry. I have even made victims cry, just for the sake of advancing a case. I once faked my death, and hurt all my friends. It was unforgivable. I smoke. Sometimes. I used to do drugs. Heroin, mostly.”
He listens carefully.
