Dean’s face fell. “Sam, if you drag me to one of your ballet things, I’ll never talk to you again, capiche?’’
When Cas left for a case with Dean that night, he hadn’t realized that it would be a game changer. Things between them had stayed tense since they had been fighting over Jack’s fate a few weeks back, and even if Dean had definitely reassessed his judgment, the opportunity to have a real talk about what had happened since then never presented itself. The Winchester had needed some time and space, from everyone, and Cas had understood that.
“Well… the last time I thought about marriage, it was with Jessica… and I lost her. In the worst possible way.’’
“Dean!“ the angel said in an angry voice. “We already talked about it. There is no other option. You promised.“
"Oh, really?" Cas replied in a tone of protest. "The Empty was going to take Jack. It didn’t look like I had."
“I don’t know if you realize it, but you’re not doing so bad either,’’ Sam said after a few seconds of silence.
The Winchester felt that he was shaking, but tried to control his reactions. He couldn’t back down. Not now.
He handed a nougat bar to Jack, who took it with a smile, and put the rest of the supplies at Cas’ feet.
“The Empty can only hold angels and demons. If you’re human, she won’t have any hold on you.’’ He pointed out the flask that was attached to his necklace. “If we extract your grace, if you become human… you’ll be able to come home with me.’’
Cas grabbed his boyfriend’s arm, pushing them in the direction of the stairs. “Don’t pay attention to him Sam,’’ he said midly-amused, midly-exasperated. “Dean is right, we’re taking care of it. Enjoy your night,’’ he ended with a smile.
He put his jacket on one of the chairs and while talking about his and Dean’s last hunt to the young woman, they left the room together. The eldest Winchester and the former angel had taken some sign language classes online, adding that learning to their almost daily practice, allowing the efforts to be split in two during conversations.
The former angel was standing next to him, dressed in a leather jacket, wearing jeans and a red shirt, that completely detonated with his previous usual wardrobe. Dean was partly responsible for this new looks, he had dragged him to a few shops after Cas had came back human.
“You’re here to get your sweet little angel back, that’s cute… but not enough. Your weapon will have no effect on me,’’ she said while pointing out the blade he held in his left hand.
“I’ve been human a lil’ bit longer than you have,’’ Dean said. “I got my fair amount of injuries before properly kicking ass, you know. Takes time.’’
"How long do you get? A year? Ten?" The Winchester’s voice was filled with uncovered despair. "You’re always down with self-sacrifice, that’s just…" Dean interrupted himself, turning his back to the angel, feeling incapable of saying more. He felt like, once again, everything was about to fall apart.
As soon as they had found their free will again, Sam had spent months thinking about what was going to be his next step. With the exception of his relationship with Eileen, which was the only thing he was pretty much confident about, the possibilities about his future, especially in terms of career, were very uncertain. The life he had in Chuck’s ending was now a fuzzy memory, but it had led him to question his ambition.
Once he had reduced the distance between them, Cas’ heartbeat had incredibly increased. He hadn’t dare to hope. Never. But… what if? In the spare of a few seconds, he had gotten his answer. Dean’s face had come really close to his own, his green eyes never breaking the contact with his blue ones. There was so much left unsaid, but right now, he needed to show him how he felt. He had leaned closer to him, closed his eyes and their lips had finally met. Shyly at first, but when they had realized how good it felt, how it was everything they had needed, they had reinforced their embrace. There was no hesitation left. The Winchester’s hands had cupped Cas’ face, while the former angel had wrapped his arms around him. When they had first broke the kiss, their faces remaining close, a silent tear was running through Cas’ cheek.
“I have to do it, you know I can’t let him over there,’’ he ended with a trembling voice despite himself. “I’m not asking you to bring him back for me, I know it might not be possible right now, this is something I have to do by myself. I’m just asking for a little boost.’’
Little did he know about the inner battle that was currently raging in the eldest Winchester’s mind —battle he had lost many times in the past few days, actually. Hesitation, fear of doing everything wrong, of the unknown, of giving his life a new turn, of experiencing his feelings in a way he never had before… all of this was holding him back. The love thing wasn’t something Dean was comfortable with. Not because he didn’t felt it —he felt it
actually— but he had never been good at expressing it. He was good at pretending things didn’t affect him, his nonchalance was preserving him. But Cas’ confession had changed everything, had made every single wall he had built around his heart shiver. He had been aware of his feelings for the angel for quite a while now, years even. He had slowly realized that there was nothing brotherly about the way he was feeling about him. Their relationship had always been quite unique.
“Sam…“ Over the phone, the youngest Winchester could hear his brother’s voice breaking. “I can’t do it, Sam.“
“It’s been months, Dean. The mark… you’ve been through it, you know exactly how it feels. To loose control. To kill innocent people and watch yourself do it. My moments of lucidity are becoming more rare. That’s the only option.“
Cas took another step, getting closer to the Winchester. He was on the verge of tears, but wasn’t going to let them out before getting a chance to tell him how he felt.
"You want to come after me for not telling you about my doubts? FINE. Do that," Cas said. "But don’t come after him for something he can’t be held responsible for. We all knew. We just pretended we didn’t."
He promptly ran to Cas’ side, helping him to stand. He was noticeably weakened, but seemed to be okay.
But Sam knew his big brother. He knew it had probably taken Dean everything he had to close that box. He was devastated.
Sam cleared his throat, embarrassed, and looked away. “So hmm, Jack, why do you wanna fall in love?’’
"What does it look like?" he said softly. He was one step closer now. "I’m tired of fighting, Cas. I’m tired of pretending. I’m just saying… I wanna talk to you, and I want you to talk to me. Because I care.
“Yesterday, Sam said that being in love with someone makes your heart beat faster. Dean’s heart is beating faster when he’s looking at you. Yours, too.’’
“Cas, please,“ he snapped, tears in his eyes. “I’m already puttin’ you in that box, don’t try to convince me that I have to live my life, because right now, I just can’t hear it.“
“Why wouldn’t they be? When you died, Dean was desperate. He looked empty, was drinking a lot… I didn’t see him sleep much either. Aren’t those signs of a deep loss and indicators of a romantic attachment?’’
When the hole in the ground was deep enough, and the Ma’lak box placed at its center, Dean knew they were getting closer to the finish line… and he knew —he
Dean didn’t answer. He knew his brother was right. Sam did try to stop Cas a few months earlier and had almost got killed in the process.
“You and your angelic boyfriend are really insufferable,’’ she said furious, matching his own tone. “You wanna know where he is? He’s reliving his worst torments on loop. In which you’ve done many cameos, actually,’’ she added amused. “I’m not gonna pretend I’m not enjoying watching him suffer. Because I do.’’
The former angel was standing still and Dean kissed him again on the lips before grabbing his hand and leading them to the Bunker’s stairs, making him follow his steps. “Let’s go, you can still sulk in the car,’’ he said in an amused tone.
A year ago, they had regained their free will. As it turned out, Chuck hadn’t played his last card that day, near the lake. After turning him into a human —at least, that’s what they had thought— the Winchester brothers hadn’t realized that they just had been trapped in his last scenario.
A man’s hand appeared next to his, adding a blade in the bag, which the Winchester opened a little more to give his partner a better access to it.
Cas was feeling way better and, like he once had to do, was now adjusting to his new life as a human, rediscovering the pleasure of eating food that didn’t taste like molecules.
Dean instantly regretted opening his mouth. He rolled his eyes, trying to look casual, but his look awkwardly drifted to the angel sitting next to him.
Jack’s question had taken them all by surprise. Sam was absentmindedly listening to a podcast, while Cas had just joined Dean, who was throwing cereals in a bowl. They stopped what they were doing, their attention drawn to the young man’s question after he just entered the kitchen.
She looked contemplative for a few seconds and a sigh escaped her lips. “Good luck, Dean. But remember… no matter what you do, Castiel is
“I’m not even sure of what it means, Jack. Love is a very dangerous thing to feel when you are an angel.’’
“I was reading this book,’’ Jack explained, showing them the object causing his questioning, “and the way people describe that feeling makes me want to fall in love. It sounds really nice.’’
A beat. Cas’ eyes seemed to focus and find a semblance of consistency. “I remember.’’ His face fell. “Dean… what are you doing here?’’ he said in a worried voice.
She was about to throw herself at them but the portal leading to their world appeared again on the wall of the room they were in. Dean put Cas’ arm around his neck and led them to the breach, which they quickly got aspired by. In the next second, they were on the Bunker’s floor, catching their breath.
He had shaken his head, opened his mouth like if he was about to say something, about to speak his own truth, but no words had come. So he had decided to do the only thing he knew how to do: let his actions speak for him.
It was a worldwide and virtual version of John Winchester’s journal, that had allowed him to unite thousands of hunters through the world and had facilitated the fight against ghosts, demons and other creatures. Sam had invested a lot of time in the making of the app, which was now the biggest database that ever existed on the subject. Rowena, as the Queen of Hell, had a better control over the demons than it was the case by the past, but many of them were still off her authority.
With a snap of her fingers, she teleported him to Cas. Dean landed harshly on the floor of a cold room, only to find himself surrounded by four walls. There was no door, no way to escape. The place was dark and he had a hard time seeing where he was, but after adjusting his vision to the place, he discerned the presence of Cas, who was lying down, facing the floor, unconscious. He wasn’t physically hurt, but the pain on his face was very telling about the hell he was emotionally experiencing in whatever the Empty was putting him through in his nightmares. His face looked worried and scared.
“I’ll never stop worrying about you…’’ Dean said with a new intensity, tilting his head on the side.
"I’m mad because you left and didn’t tell me the truth," the Winchester finally snapped. "You woke me up that morning, you told me you were leaving, but never mentioned why. Always down with the lies, the secrets, the big picture agenda, and I am sick of it, Cas! And now, I had to discover by myself that you made a fucking deal with the Empty?!"
Cas stuttered, which usually never happened. “I… yeah… I mean… this is usually how it worked. Love is the most human feeling of all, and only humans could inspire an angel to feel it.’’
It had taken a while for Sam to fully accept the idea that what had been his life for so long was a lie. The illusion created by the former God had become his new reality. Getting out of it was scary and had seemed impossible at first. He had spent hours contemplating the life he had built, watching the son that was born from his marriage —born from an illusion. But looking at him playing in their living room, he had felt very real. When he had called him “dad’’, handing him over a drawing he had just made of their perfect little family, his throat had tighten. In the next few days though, he had come to terms with the fact that Jack was right, and a deep feeling of gravity was now taking over. What was about to happen was probably one of the most painful things he ever had to experience. Losing what he thought was real
“First Jack, this…’’ Dean pointed what Jack was holding, “…is NOT a book, this is a magazine, a thing chicks usually like to read on a beach. And two, what is it even doing here?!’’ he said accusingly, directly looking at his brother.
Jack and Amara had been enough to overpower Chuck —for real this time. Using his idea of a lie, they had turned him into a real human being. He had quickly gotten a chance to learn that the Universe had a really strange sense of humor, and had died a few weeks later from an unknown disease.
"We had so many things going on, you and I, and I never wanted my feelings to be a burden. I never had the courage to believe -not even once- that you’d feel the same way. Because the truth is that I always loved you, Dean."
“Jack, the thing is… you don’t get to choose. When you fall in love, it just happens to you. You don’t have a say on it. You sometimes don’t even realize it’s happening until it’s too late.’’
Dean was looking at his hands, but his face had clearly brightened up. He nodded. “From day one, he changed everything for me.’’
Cas understood what his deal with the Empty really meant the moment its consequences came to hit him in the face like a boomerang. He hadn’t seen it coming. He realized that from the very first minute, he had misunderstood what it truly was about. Not that he had forgotten its terms.
He had no reason to hide anymore. He couldn’t pretend Cas didn’t feel the same way. All his life, he had been solely focused on Sam’s happiness, because that was all what mattered. He wished for him to have the perfect life he had always wanted. Who would have guessed that one day, Dean Winchester would start thinking about his own happiness, would believe that he might actually deserve it too. Better days were coming. They were now free, a world of new possibilities was opening to them. Maybe, just maybe, he actually deserved something different than the life made of sacrifices he had always imagined for himself.
Dean started remembering their first trainings and what had led them to this situation. Which reminded him how things went the year before, after they had gotten back on their reality.
When Dean had come to his door that night, to make sure Cas’ wound after their hunt didn’t need more care, their conversation had derailed incredibly fast.
“So? The breach?’’ he asked again, looking impatient. He had tried to cover it, but his voice had came out as a little supplication.
“It’s me,’’ he said. “Hey, hey, stay with me, okay?’’ he added when he saw that Cas was falling out again. He tried to keep him in a sitting position.
much. I don’t even remember a time I didn’t. In spite of the mark, but even before that, you kept me closer to humanity —as human as an angel can be. I’ll never thank you enough for that,“ he smiled through his tears. “But Dean… don’t waste your life carrying a torch for me. You deserve so much better than that.“
She sighed while crossing her legs, sitting on her throne. “Somewhere… between here and there… I saved him a seat at my best spot.’’
“We did actually, and we took it,’’ Dean answered in a defiant voice, while helping Cas to get up. “He’s human now, he doesn’t belong to you anymore.’’
A creepy smile distorted her face and she raised a knowing eyebrow in Dean’s direction. Cas’ treatment was probably one of the most painful she could inflict to someone. At this mere thought, the Winchester started to feel sick in his stomach. How long Cas had been here? How many days, months, years maybe had he been stuck in this place while him and Sam were living the scenario Chuck had planned for them?
A few minutes later, the breach was open. A dark circle had taken place on the Bunker’s wall, undulating and growing second after second, the same way it had the day it came to collect Cas. Dean took an inspiration and with no hesitation, threw himself into it.
Cas took a moment to process what Dean was trying to say. He didn’t dare to believe it, but Dean was breathing heavily now, and everything was pointing in that direction. The angel’s heart was pounding really fast in his chest. It left him speechless for a few seconds.
Cas’ face suddenly froze. He was looking away, sitting in the passenger seat on the front of the car. For a moment, Jack wasn’t sure he had been heard by the angel.
Seven years had passed after Dean’s death when one morning, while Sam was off to his daily jog, he had found Jack on his porch, waiting for him. He was looking unusually worried, which had led the Winchester to believe that something very serious had happened. Little did he know, by this time, how much his life had been about to change. The Nephilim had then explained to him that he was about to break the divergent timeline Chuck had created and in which he had locked them in. The trick was ingenious, but Jack had been more clever. He had perceived a breach while moving from one world to another —he and Amara were rebuilding the parallel dimensions Chuck had meticulously destroyed, in order to preserve the Balance of the Universe.
“You have to do it, Dean,“ Cas said. “The urge to kill is coming back.“ He was struggling. “I’m… I’m feeling it. I might leave you right here, right now. We have to do it now. I… I don’t want you to have to fight me to put me in it.“
“You should consider it,’’ Eileen added, laughing a little. “We made pop-corn, do you want some?’’ she then signed, pointing them the bowl that was on the table. The moment she said it, she realized it had gone empty. “I’m gonna get us some more,’’ she added.
“You’re doing great, Sammy,’’ he said while looking at his brother. “The way you handled this whole thing… you made a difference.’’
Sam took a deep breath, visibly upset. “You have to be the one to do it, Dean.“ Sam hated himself for having to say those words. “You’re the only one left who has a chance to get close to him without getting killed.“
“Well… history has proved that angels can fall in love and give up everything they have to live that romance,’’ the angel said, avoiding to answer the real question.
"Yeah, I love you," Dean said again, caught in the moment, "and I’m sick of being worried all the time. I want something better for us."
"You -you’re afraid I’m gonna push you away?" He tilted his head, looking incredulous. ”Ishim once called you my weakness, and out of all the horrible things he said, this one thing was true. You want honesty? I’m not running away from you, if that’s what you think. I’m afraid of not being worthy, I’m afraid of putting another burden on your shoulders. But… not once did I mean to get away from you or lie to you -for that matter. I was mostly afraid, and often feeling out of place. I never-… don’t you dare to believe for one second that I’m not feeling the same way," Cas finally said, openly touched.
“I’m not trying to play it noble. Just saying that you can’t do that forever. Your life hasn’t been easy, try to at least enjoy the rest of it.“
“Dean?’’ the angel finally said in a husky voice. He wasn’t sure if he was truly awake or if dream and reality had just got mixed up again.
“So, how was it?’’ the eldest Winchester asked in a skeptical voice, while putting his bag on the table.
As a sign of agreement, Cas extended his neck, giving free access to Dean. After a short hesitation, the Winchester cut him a little with the blade, placing the flask near the incision. The process started and only took a few seconds. The blue light, glittering, started its transfer to the container, making the angel feel suddenly weaker.
“You okay, man?’’ he asked in a concerned tone, when he realized how off the expression on the angel’s face was.
Cas nodded and kissed him on the cheek, near the corner of his mouth. “Don’t worry that much for me. I can handle myself. You’re human too… and you’re still here.’’
, Sam heard over the phone. It didn’t take him very long to realize it was the angel’s voice, coming from afar.
“Ghosts, Dean. We’re going to fight ghosts. The grenade-launcher’s usefulness will probably be close to
Despite everything, the angel quickly realized that Dean had still some anger left in him and that’s only when they actually talked about it that he truly realized what it was about. He didn’t know how —Jack probably, or Chuck, maybe— but Dean had learned about his deal with the Empty, without further details. He wanted to tell him that given the terms, it wasn’t going to happen any time soon, but Dean had reacted the way expected, and he didn’t get a chance to do so.
The words came as a surprise to Dean as much as they did to Cas. He didn’t know the conversation would lead them there, but he realized he was glad it did. The angel was staring back at the Winchester, his mouth half opened. He looked deeply affected.
“Maybe… maybe we won’t be physically together, but… I’ll stay with you. I’ll pray to you. Every single day.“ It sounded like a promise.
“And Cas…’’ Sam added gently. “You seem to be doing great together. After all these years… you deserve it.’’ He tried not to push too much, knowing how bashful his big brother could get on this kind of topics.
Cas sighed. “Like I said, it doesn’t matter. Dean doesn’t deserve that kind of weight to be put on his shoulders. My feelings are my own, he shouldn’t have to handle them.’’
The Winchester looked briefly in the same direction and tighten his grip on the blade even harder. “It’s not for you.’’
A beat. For a moment, they were left intensely looking at each other, the heat of their fight provisionally discarded.
. By my bare hands. I refuse to let that happen any longer.“ Tears had started to flood his eyes, even though he was trying to contain them. “Please… I trust you, Dean. I… I know I’m asking for a lot. Maybe too much. But I can’t keep going like this.“
The Winchester hated that he had to bring them back to reality so quickly. “Cas… I… don’t think I can.“
“Good. Hey, did you know that the app had now spread in Europe and Australia?’’ Sam said while showing him the screen of his computer. “Charlie took care of everything.’’
“I am. I promise you. I’m sorry it took me so long…’’ His voice broke. He kept the angel’s face between his hands, looking deep into his eyes, trying to convince him it was really him. “I’m gonna get you out, okay?’’
“Oh yeah, because your blade is going to have so much effect on them,’’ Dean said in return in a teasing tone.
"I’m not blaming you, I’m just telling you that I need you to be honest with me because I love you!" he yelled in an angry voice.
Jack quietly nodded. “You think you can win this? That you’ll have something to offer that the Empty will be interested in?’’
“Well… the angels, they already used Dean as a way to pressure and manipulate me, in the past. An angel once said that I was lost the moment I laid a hand on Dean in Hell. She was right. But I would do it over and over again, if given a choice,’’ he ended up saying with a soft smile.
For sure, things had gotten better. Things with Jack weren’t quite right yet, but the situation had improved faster with the help of Chuck. It had taken some time, but Dean and Sam were moving forward. Missing their mom was a feeling that would probably never go away, but knowing that Mary was in a good place, a happy one, considerably helped. Life in the bunker had progressively found again a semblance of normalcy —as normal as it could get for the Winchester family.
“We should save this for later…’’ Dean said, with a tap on his shoulder. “Let’s take care of you first.’’
“I know what you’re thinking,’’ Jack said, slowly closing the book he had in his hands. “I was expecting you to ask me that. Can I do it? Sure. But… the actual state of things with the Empty is not stable enough yet. I’m… negotiating with her.’’
It took a little while, but after insistance, Dean finally succeeded to bring him back to conscientiousness. Cas had a hard time keeping his eyes open.
“I know, but… a part of me is still afraid that everything is going to be taken away from me, you know? We lost so much since our childhood, I’m just… not yet used to things being so simple. I don’t know if that makes sense?’’ he said, looking at his brother.
The brown hair angel frowned interrogatively at the mention of Dean’s reaction to his death, while Sam repressed a smile. A part of him was really enjoying the fact that Jack, considering how innocent he was, confronted Dean about what happened when Cas was gone. In the meantime, the eldest Winchester was damning himself for even bringing up the subject. He was pretty sure his face was turning red, real fast.
But the Winchester didn’t stop. “I might not be in there with you, but I’ll never leave you alone… I love you, Cas.“
“Awesome,’’ Dean said, relieved. “Look, I don’t know what the Empty is up to, we should hurry up, okay? You’re ready?’’
“Yeah, two little surprises that weren’t on the program,’’ Dean said, looking down at the corpses. “You’re sure you’re okay?’’ he asked again, sliding his hand along Cas’ arm.
Sam appeared in the hall, coming from the corridor. “Hey,’’ he said to the couple. An intrigued look appeared on his face. “What are you up to?’’
Judging by the softness of his face and his eyes, Dean instantly knew he wasn’t under the influence of the mark at the moment. But he also knew how quickly this could change.
It took a few seconds to Dean to overcome his emotions and bring his thoughts together. “Yeah… I’m getting closer to him, I can feel it.“
The Empty hadn’t seen it coming —to be honest, Dean hadn’t either— but in the second that had followed, he had thrown himself to her and gave her a powerful punch in the face, that destabilized her for a second. She sent him away from a movement of her hand, he landed harshly on the ground. Dean got up pretty quickly, but the rage hadn’t left his face, his eyes were still dark and fixated on the Empty.
As soon as Jack had told him about Chuck, about the fact that he still had his powers —to some extent— and had only conceded a part of them to him, including Amara, Sam had known he was telling the truth. Seven years ago in that barn, it wasn’t the ending Dean had deserved.
He had taken a new step towards the former angel, hesitant. His eyes had been fixated on the floor for a moment, before he had brought them back on him.
He took the blade at his belt and showed it to the angel, who seemed lost in return. He didn’t understand.
The kiss had happened faster than expected. It was hesitant at first, their faces growing closer together at a slow pace. Dean’s lips had softly brushed Cas’ before they finally embraced the moment. When they had reached each other’s lips, Dean had felt that he was doing the right thing. He didn’t have to pretend anymore. His life had been a show in which he had played the main role, and that was now coming to an end.
“There are rumors about a witch in Peru who sounds very powerful,“ Dean said hopeful. “Maybe we could…“
After learning that Chuck had manipulated them once more, Dean had locked himself into his bedroom, on the edge of breaking everything that was in it. The person he used to be probably would have done it at this point. But Cas’ words still resonated with him. Love was the force driving his actions, he wasn’t made of hate or violence, and he wanted it to be the thing that would prevail from now on. He had every intention to honor that.
“That’s not really my point. What I mean is… whatever feelings you have, acting on them would be way too dangerous for that person. It would be used against you. Some lives have been destroyed. The feeling of the loss… sometimes, it’s just too much.’’
When the moment arrived, Dean had to turn his back for a second. He couldn’t take it. Couldn’t look at the box in the ground, knowing that eventually, Cas would end up stepping in it.
“What?! Me? NO!’’ Dean replied in a defensive voice. He took a new sip on his beer, trying to hold it together. “I’m just very happy for you, Sammy.’’
Dean was struggling to find his words and was finally about to say something when Sam intervened, preventing him from explaining —he knew it would have been a sad attempt at saving face.
Dean froze and after turning around to face Cas, he slowly put down the phone. His angel was standing near the entrance of the cabin the Winchester was staying in.
It wasn’t their first kiss —this one had happened over a year ago and had been followed by many others. But until now, none of them had been this mix of heartbreak and sadness.
He sounded desperate. They pulled away from the hug, but still stood very close to each other, their chests almost touching.
He wasn’t as expressive as his brother, but Sam shared the same state of mind. He was still processing, especially considering what he had left behind, but now that everything was back the way it used to be, the seven years he had spent in that illusion of life felt like a blurry dream. They were now in control of their lives again.
It hadn’t taken that long for things to take a new turn. Cas had decided to come to his first hunt as a human, which had immediately activated in Dean his protective mode. The Winchester had tried to stay as chill as he could, but he had stay right beside him, not letting him out of his sight. Once they had been back from their mission, the former angel had complained about it, telling him that he did not want to be a burden for him, which had led to a grumpy answer from the hunter.
He was so afraid of being caught by Lucifer that he didn’t even confide to Gabriel what his plan was. Instead, he jogged down the road to school, backpack bouncing against him, and arrived with enough time to spare to find Jessica Moore.
While the teacher droned on, Dean dug his phone out of his pocket and stared at it for a while. Should he text Cas? Probably not, he was most likely with his brother. And far be it from Dean to keep Cas from his brother after he hurt his own. And then it buzzed.
He checked the caller ID and picked up instantly. "Dean. What is it? Are you okay?" Gabriel paused with the key in the ignition and motioned for Castiel to put the call on speaker. Without thinking about it, Castiel obeyed. "Also, you're on speaker with Gabriel."
Dean breathed a single shaky breath before he responded. "I thought you were at the hospital with your brother."
"Sorry does not cut it. But I am so glad you are here. I missed you." Castiel was holding back tears as he pulled away from the hug. "This is my boyfriend, Dean."
Sam rolled his eyes. "No, Dean, she had choir practice." The excuse seemed flimsy to Dean, but he ignored it, especially given the tired look in his brother's eyes and the way he held his hands in fists at his side. Dean didn't ask. If Sam needed help, he would ask for it.
Sam couldn't keep the choking lump out of his voice when he said, "Are you going to hurt me tomorrow?"
Dean was just hanging up the phone. “Thank you so much, Ellen. Yes, I know. Yeah. Okay. We’ll be over as soon as we can. See you.”
"If I hurt Dean." Sam's voice was sullen. The words had been drilled into him every day for a week. If he agreed to hurt Dean...set the example for Cas, is what Azazel had always said, though Sam wasn't entirely sure what he meant. Did Azazel want Cas to hurt Dean? If so...that wasn't going to happen. Even today, Cas had run to Dean's rescue.
“When?” Charlie asked with a sigh. Jessica wasn’t going to take no for an answer, she realized, so she gave in.
"Let me help with that," Sam said behind him. Castiel nodded, recognizing that Dean would never allow just one of them to carry everything inside. It was a gamble for even both of them to carry the bags without Dean trying to help, and right now he was in no condition to walk, really, let alone carry anything.
Castiel laughed bitterly. “Only too aware. I would have turned John in for what he was doing to Dean, but Dean practically begged me not to. The man’s getting close to eighteen; I figured he could make his own decisions.”
I'm putting triggers in the end notes to avoid spoilers. If you need warnings, please check. Love you guys!
“Dean came in late.” Sam gave a shaky sigh. “Now he’s unconscious. I’m going to have to try to wake him up so I can clean up his face in a minute. I thought I should probably warn you before you saw him. It’s a mess.”
Sam left him in the room as he snuck downstairs, past the sleeping John, to where the cordless phone still sat on its charger (thank God). He swiped it and all but ran back up the stairs, dialing the all too familiar number as he went.
Dean smiled. He might grow to like this girl. Maybe. If she would keep her roving eyes off his boyfriend.
Dean gripped his shoulder and turned him around. “Sammy, calm down. Panicking isn’t going to solve anything. I need you to take a breath, all right?”
Ellen looked around quickly to make sure no one’s attention had been drawn to the nearly hysterical teenager in front of them. “You’re telling us,” she said in a low voice, “that the Novaks are torturing our kids?”
“But Sam, I don’t think he did.” When Dean said that, Bobby, Ellen, and Sam all stared at him in disbelief. “No note, and he was hanged? That’s not Dad. Dad would have written a note for you, and he would have shot himself. I’m almost positive.”
..................................................................................................................................................................
Sheriff Mills stood up. “All right, Castiel, I think that’s all I need from you. You really should have reported this sooner, but at least the boys are out of there.”
“That’s OK, Claire. You can talk to dad and Uncle Gabe now.” Jack smiled. “I talked about Uncle Benny and I already ‘came out,’” he said, making finger quotes, “so now it’s your to co—talk.”
Castiel steered him around the corner and Benny pulled Castiel close. He bent to place a chaste kiss in Castiel’s lips that turned into much more. Castiel pulled Benny close and turned him against the wall. He took advantage of Benny having the bag of food in one hand. He pushed his hand he’d been holding against the wall and pushed the arm with the food aside too. He leaned against Benny and assaulted him with a kiss that was everything but chaste and lasted much longer than even Castiel had planned.
After Lisa’s death, Dean was done having weddings, receptions and other events. Done, except for his original farm and holiday events that did not include The Old Stone Barn— Where the Stars are Always Out and Dreams Come True. Dean had let the Old Stone Barn sit vacant, stars be damned. They did not help with his dreams coming true. He couldn’t stand going there or looking at the building. It only brought heaviness to his soul.
Castiel had ordered some dog supplies online a few days ago because he was already planning on getting the kids a dog.
In the next row, there was Bobby, Rufus, Ellen, Jo, Ash, Pamela, Missouri, Jody, Donna, Alex, Patience, Kaia, Krissy and Josephine. Charlie, Stevie, and Kevin too. Then there was Garth and his family.
“Your brother’s friends are very loyal and protective. That’s rare and nice to see in people these days.” Castiel had begun to pull up the sheet to exam Dean’s leg.
Dean had brushed his teeth, fixed hair, and just started to pull his gown off when the nurse Zeke entered.
“It was easier than I thought.” He laughed. “I even got a date while I was in there. Candy Johnson. In from Norman, Oklahoma for the weekend to visit her big sister who just had a baby.” Gabriel couldn’t get the smile off of his face. “Candy JOHNSON! Can you believe it! What a name!”
“Squeaky wheel gets the grease. He’s not getting off that easily. I’ll hold.” Dean tapped his fingers the entire twenty minutes. Sam’s patience was tested to its limit and he was never more thankful for someone finally answering a phone than he was at that moment.
His mother, Naomi worked at the hospital. His father, Chuck was a writer and never really paid attention to his kids or his grandkids for that matter.
“That’s it. Whatever the hell you’ve been eating, you are never allowed to consume again, do you understand me!?” He roared, holding back another gag.
The “F” word by itself was $4, but any form of “MF” was the steepest penalty of $5. The jar was fed bills regularly by Claire and Castiel. Most of the change came from Jack. The establishment of Swear Jar constantly created problems for Castiel.
“Aw! I really was hoping you never found her owners!” Jack bent down to hug Miracle and tell her how much he’d miss her.
“Thank you, Chris. I’m glad to know he’s got an ally in the Chase County Sheriff’s Office.” Castiel smiled warmly at her.
Castiel pulled Dean closer into the security of his arms, still pulsing his palm over Dean’s heart. He tilted his head down and cooed soothing hushes and soft “yesses” and “oks” against Dean’s head just above his ear.
Claire jumped up to stand by his side and Castiel held his hand. “You’re doing good, but you don’t have to finish if you don’t want to. I’m proud of you with either choice.”
They drove to the Kinko’s Copy Center and spent the next hour and a half there. Michael rented computer time to go through the floppy diskettes, while Gabriel ran the copy machine to make double copies of everything they needed. Gabriel was nervous and hated being in the multi-windowed, brightly lit store.
“Look at me. I am in this now, as I should have been all along. I’m going to handle this. Do you both trust me?” He turned to look at Gabriel, who nodded. “So, for me to this and do it right, I need you both to be with me, do as I ask, even if you think it’s wrong at the time. I am going to fix this, but mom and dad are not going to be happy and I’m going to possibly have to move out and not see you both for awhile. But…shhh. Shhh.” He cooed as Anna began to sob again. “No, I need you strong, Castiel needs you strong.”
“Chris. Call me Chris.” She smiled as he nodded. “We’ll be partnered up for your first few weeks. It’ll be nice to have some company. It can get a bit lonely out here sometimes, especially if you’re just patrolling the more rural areas.”
“Alright, then,” he smiled, sliding toward the edge of the bed, “let’s get this show on the road! I can’t wait to get home and see all my babies!”
“What have you two gotten yourselves into, mon petit minou, T-Ben?” Benny walked over to give them both hugs.
Dean rolled on his side and tried to go to sleep. Castiel did the same and there they were again, with Castiel up against him, harder than a rock dick pressed into his ass. He squirmed around as he tried to get comfortable. When they woke up the next morning, their clothes were off and they were naked and covered in sticky white stuff.
“From what we’ve been able to ascertain so far, no. They came to the defense of two of the first students involved in the altercation. We would like to have a quick meeting with the students and parents of the main students involved and get to the bottom of this. Even if you are unable to attend this meeting, we will still need you to come in and sign their suspension papers and escort them home for the day, at minimum.”
Both sets of grandparents were buried back there. If he ever died, he told his family that he wanted to be buried back there.
It was finally the day of the wedding. He wore one of his best suits. He was in the dressing room with his brothers. Sam and Adam shared the title of Best Man. Dean wouldn’t choose one or the other.
"Your friends brought you here yesterday and I arrived at a good time to help and do my job. However, being informed, and now having first hand knowledge of how... challenging you are. I am letting you know that you will be resting for 6 weeks. No heavy labor or serious work for the time being. But I’ll give the details during my in-depth visit which I’ll save until after Ezekiel here has completed his cleaning you up. I’ll take my leave, so you can have some privacy."
They agreed and hugged him goodnight. Sam took time coming down the stairs and went to the kitchen to fiddle around so he could watch the interactions between the three men at the table.
“Thanks, Ez…Zeke. D’you mind if I call you Zeke?” Dean asked. “No, that’s quite fine, sir. It’s been my nickname since I was a baby.”
They get burgers on the way back to the motel, and Cas sits at the rickety table by the window picking at his while Dean claims first shower. He turns it up to scalding and stands under the spray a little longer than usual, hoping the stinging heat will ease some of the ache in his muscles, and only gets out when he does so there’s some hot water left for Cas. He can be considerate.
Dean pushes forward, kissing him again, deep and slow. Cas lets himself be moved backward, and then spins them around so he can walk Dean back until the back of his knees are against the bed and then they’re tumbling down onto it. Dean’s on his back, Cas still holding one hand up above his head with his other on Dean’s face, jaw, throat. Dean breaks the kiss to turn his head and press his lips to Cas’ palm, and then get his other hand under Cas shirt, the skin of Cas’ back hot against his fingers, and pulls down to get rid of every inch of space between them.
, of course. Dean wonders, sometimes, if there’s some vestige of his angelic senses left, some instinct inside him that still feels whatever pull used to draw him to Dean’s side, because whenever Dean does actually
In general, Dean tries to stay away from Savannah. It’s like hunting in New Orleans or around Civil War battlefields. The whole place is lousy with ghosts, most of them relatively harmless echoes, and EVP is off the charts wherever you go. It’s easy to get disoriented and hard to narrow things down, so if there’s not really a problem it’s better to just let it be.
“Everybody but the first victim,” Stevie says slowly, “...they’d all killed someone prior to this, or been suspected of it.”
They take down a Rugaru outside Shreveport and walk away without as much as a scratch. Dean feels triumphant, and hyper aware he shouldn’t be so grateful to finish a hunt unscathed.
And that’s where Sam and Jack find him, bent over the books on the library table, bottle of whiskey at his elbow (push through the pain, bury it deep, drink until his hands stop shaking).
Cas catches his mouth again, still without too much of a sense of urgency, like he’s determined to take his time with this, after all this time. Cas kisses like he does everything - with conviction and intensity - and Dean doesn’t know what he expected, but he’s pretty sure he’s about to be meticulously taken apart and put back together.
“It’s nothing with Chuck. And it’s nothing we have to worry about tonight. But I think you should know.” Cas pauses, collecting his thoughts. “Do you remember, when I came back from the Empty, I told you I annoyed an ancient cosmic entity into letting me go?”
“Shouldn’t they be able to sense you? Why would they stay away?” Dean pauses for a moment, then looks up, eyes wide and spooked. “Oh, fuck me. The portal. Can they get through the portal?”
They leave him where they found him, finally, in the library with the books, when it becomes clear he isn’t sleeping tonight.  He shouldn’t leave it on Sam to comfort Jack, after everything Sam has been through, but he also can’t offer any comfort.  Not tonight. Not about this.
Sam sighs and knocks his knuckles against the table next to his laptop, screen glowing blue in the darkness of the room. “No, of course not,” he says.
Castiel steps out of the trees, summoning as much of his grace as he can. He can't sustain it, but he hopes he can give them enough of a show to be intimidating. The wind picks up, and some of the Leviathan around Dick shuffle back, just a step behind their leader.
“This isn’t right,” Castiel says, and Dean turns to look at him, rolling his shoulder back and studying the woods behind him.
When Dean unlocks the car, Cas slings his duffle into the back seat and slides into the passenger side. “Sam says there’s a haunting in Montana?”
Dean will let Sam answer that one, once they’re out of earshot. Sam was there for so much of it, after all.
He can blame Cas, a little, for thinking what he thought, but only a little. He can blame himself more, but what’s the point of that? He owes it to Cas not to fall into the pit of self-loathing now, owes him that too, and that might be the barometer he’ll be using for everything for the rest of his life.
Like Dean would question it. Close e-fucking-nough. The closest Dean’s ever gonna get. Even if what they are now is all they ever are, he’s on this ride until Cas gets off.
Cas pushes his chair back and stands, brushing by Dean out of the library; as he passes, he drags his hand up Dean’s arm to his shoulder and squeezes. Dean feels the flicker of Cas’ grace spark and settle.
Cas is studying Dean, intently, like he’s willing him to understand; he put a subtle emphasis on the word ‘you’ and squeezed Dean’s hands just that little bit tighter. And through the fear and the racing of his heart, and yes, the anger, there and percolating, Dean is picking up what Cas is putting down. He’s saying
Dean’s not sure when the bunker turned back into Hunter Headquarters. It must have been gradual, but people are in and out and back and forth until what it feels like is that he wakes up one day and finds Bobby and a cluster of faces he only barely recognizes around the kitchen table. Jody and Claire are in the gym teaching Jack and another teenage boy he definitely doesn’t recognize the finer points of vamp staking. Rowena’s in the library with Patience going over meticulous spell setup, now that she’s as limited to elaborate rituals for spell casting as the rest of them. Dean just wanted a fucking cup of coffee.
"You can't be serious. Like I'm not worried about everything, all the time?  Like it wouldn't worry us to wake up and find you gone?"
Sam tags along when Dean ducks out for a beer run. They don’t really need beer; they probably need less beer than they have, actually, or at least Dean should probably be drinking less of it, but Dean has been going on supply runs and beer runs just to get out of the bunker and they’re overstocked on everything at this point. Bu you never know when an extra roll of toilet paper will come in handy.
. He does the exercises for his leg, and practices sign language and tries to fight down the empty gnawing in the back of his brain that drove him back to hunting to begin with.
So when he had to stop before he collapsed, with his back against a tree and the darkness closing in, when he wasn’t being pulled forward by pure momentum and uncertainty crawled back in, that was when Dean prayed.
. You see me in ways that make me feel sliced to the bone. You looked me in the eye in Purgatory and told me you heard my prayer and I didn’t have to say it, and
Cas seems to sense the change in his demeanor, though, and shifts toward him, touching Dean on his forearm, just below where his sleeve is rolled to the elbow.  Cas’ hand is hot on his skin.
, Cas. Hunting ghosts. Exploring battlefields. Playing third wheel to Sam and Eileen. He’s having fun. I think Sam’s the fun dad. I don’t know how to feel about that or how it happened, but I think that’s where we are.”
“We’re good, Cas,” Dean says, but there’s something he doesn’t like in the way Cas shifts in his seat and the way his breath hitches. There’s an undercurrent to this conversation that feels like it has the potential to drag him down.
Dean nods. He doesn’t like to remember much about that time, but he remembers every second of that reunion.
Dean’s not sure how to be satisfied with that. Chuck is still out there; Dean still has the drumbeat of uncertainty pounding in his brain. But it’s a moment stolen from the chaos, and one more thing to fight all the harder for.
Sam does look up at him then, putting his pen down on the notebook and curling his fingers over the edge of it. “Did we stop?”
Dean watches her go. “She’s going to eat him alive,” he says, low in Cas’s ear. Cas laughs and leans closer. Over his head, Dean catches the eye of a brunette at the bar, but turns away when she smiles. His old definitions of “fun” seem like too much work.
He leans his hip against one of the chairs, folding his arms across his chest and says, “Put me in, Coach.”
And Dean does know, of course he does. He’s not stupid, or oblivious. He knows this is important. He knows what Cas has sacrificed - given up for them - for
Cas sighs, heavy and impatient. “Without archangel grace? You know he can’t. And you know that’s not what I meant.”
Cas closes his eyes again. “I just mean...I assume this is what people mean when they talk about phantom pain, phantom limbs. I can still feel it.” His hand hovers above his breast bone. “But I reach for it and nothing. Obviously. When the ghost threw you, I went to heal you, and then I remembered. That’s all.”
. I can hold my own as well as you can.” He shakes his head, looking to the side and not quite meeting Dean’s eyes. “I made sure of that,” he says, more quietly. “You don’t have to worry about me.”
, that he somehow claimed for himself in spite of all the cards stacked against them, he owes to Cas and he gets that now, fundamentally, with a bone-deep clarity that is settling in over the shock.
“I don’t think it’s about being older. But. You’ll know it when you feel it?” He knows that’s weak. The first time Dean felt anything like romantic love it was with Robin, and he’d mostly wanted to smell her hair and never leave her side, and that was different than what came later, but real all the same.
Dean comes to a stop right in front of him, just past the edge of the portal, and Castiel has to step abruptly to the side to avoid colliding with him. His shoulder brushes against Dean’s when he passes and they both stiffen briefly.
He doesn’t know everything the future holds, but if it’s just this, it’s enough. Dean was always enough, but this is more.
Dean sighs and drops down in the chair next to Cas, taking the last sip out of the whiskey glass sitting at Cas’s elbow before reaching for the decanter to refill it.
“And you were gonna leave without telling us too?” Dean asks, something resigned in his voice and the twist of his mouth. That’s even worse.
“Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.”  Dean shifts, fiddling with the placemat and the corner of the notebook Sam left open on the table
Dean looks over at Cas, pouring through his notes on the laptop. “Cas thinks touch, and he’s probably right, but it always only affects one person at a time, and it’s not the first person who touches them after, and there’s not necessarily a connection other than proximity.”
Castiel shrugs. “Turns out I slept long enough.” It’s not totally true - he’s so tired, but he’s also so unsettled by the idea of closing his eyes.
“Yes and no. I don’t mind the general experience of humanity. I like being able to appreciate the full flavor profile of burgers.” Dean huffs a weak laugh and Cas continues. “You know if I’d been in Jack’s place, or Rowena’s, or Michael’s, I’d have given it up, there wouldn’t have even been a question. And it created a loophole in the Empty Deal, so I’m grateful for that, but the way it happened, ripped from me like that. It still feels like a wound.”
between them is starting to seem truly possible now, when happiness is forbidden and it’s already too late.
if that’s not the most romantic thing Dean has ever heard in his life. It should probably be terrifying. The fact that Dean is still actually kind of convinced that there’s no way Cas loves him more than he loves Cas is evidence of just how far gone he is.
It’s hesitant at first, Cas giving Dean a chance to set the pace, but when Dean shudders against him, pulling Cas in by the waist to deepen the kiss, Cas presses closer, dragging his hand up Dean’s wrist to cup his jaw, and tangling their fingers together with his other hand. It’s eager, but still soft, so gentle, in a way Dean really isn’t expecting. He always figured if this ever happened, then years of pent up frustration would take over, but it’s tender,
When Dean turns back around, Castiel forces himself to meet Dean’s eyes. There’s anger there, and pain, and something that looks a little like desperation too. That’s the conversation Castiel really didn’t want to have - the one about how this already was their "other way," about how they’re running out of options and they’re running out of time.
He wrests his hands free so he can pull at Cas’ tie and the buttons of his shirt. Cas finally stops kissing him long enough to shrug out of his dress shirt and tug at the hem of Dean’s henley, pulling it up over his head. Cas steps off the bed long enough to tug off his dress pants and underwear. Dean wants to watch that, but he doesn’t have time to look his fill; he barely has time to struggle out of his jeans before Cas is back on him and they’re kissing again. Dean moves up against the pillows at the head of the bed, pulling Cas after him until Cas is draped over him, holding him close, holding him down and secure. His hands are everywhere, cupping Dean’s face and throwing sparks where he trails his fingers up Dean’s side.
Cas looked at him out of the corner, of his eye, something unreadable on his face. “They all made a choice. Real choice, power freely given, without resentment or coercion, that’s the catch.” Then, more quietly, “We’ve all made sacrifices for the people we love, Dean.”
“Just Dean?” She rolls her eyes when he nods. “Ok. I shot your friend up with some industrial strength antibiotics.” She looks at Cas. “Like I told you, you’re going to have to come back tomorrow for another one and then we’ll assess if you need more. And fill this.” She hands him a slip of paper from the folder she was writing on and Cas takes it hesitantly.
They hadn’t heard anything from or about Chuck in over a month. Billie was radio silent. It was one case, to blow the dust off. One standard, run-of-the-mill monster case to maybe feel something like
Who somehow never saw what was right in front of him. Not that Cas did either.  And now Dean’s the one who has to live with it. It is tragically,
“Usually when I see that kind of thing it’s tourists out where they shouldn’t be, or those silly urban legend hunters. Or Youtubers.” She says the last with some disdain. “They tend to be pretty vague about what happened - it was dark, it was a wild animal, they didn’t really see anything. Etc. You guys came in with a pretty clear story. It’s a dead giveaway. That and the practiced, yet still kind of iffy, stitches. And all the flannel.”
And he’s pathetically grateful for it in the week that follows, since it means either Sam or Cas is with him most of the time. He feels guilty for the amount of time they’re spending perched at his hospital bed, but he selfishly doesn’t want them to go.
Cas may not believe him, but he lets it go. He withdraws his hand, but not far. If they were on a couch and not these chairs with inconvenient arms, Dean is pretty sure they’d be pressed up together, thighs and shoulders touching.
He finds Cas in the library when he’s not even looking for him because that’s how this works, Cas underfoot now when all of Dean’s coping mechanisms are so fucking frayed he doesn’t trust himself to open his mouth without saying something else he’ll regret.
Rowena pulls her braid over her shoulder and looks up at them before cutting her eyes to the bar, all long eyelashes and shadows. For a second in the low light her eyes flash violet and she looks like the Queen of Hell and then it’s gone, a trick of the light. She winks at them and downs the rest of her drink, sliding out of the booth and straightening her form-fitting black dress.
“I know you are,” Sam says. “You look good, Dean. It’s good to see you back behind the wheel.” He hesitates, and Dean knows there’s more.
Dean’s breath eventually evens out, and Castiel curls even closer, closing his eyes in the darkness, and letting himself sleep.
Dean swallows thickly and lets go of one of Cas’ hands to reach up and rub at his eyes. His fingertips come away wet, and he doesn’t know when he teared up again. All of his nerves are scraped raw. He drops his hand back onto the table, and Cas takes it again, his eyes wide and searching, waiting for something.
Cas raises one shoulder in a half-shrug. “A little better this morning. He’s been through worse than this, Dean.” And that stings, though Cas probably doesn’t mean for it to.
Dean sputters, and then takes in Jack smirking at him from across the table. “Yes, for a lot of people that’s...a big part of it. Can you please ask Sam for the sex talk if that’s the next step, because I can’t.” This is so much worse than Jack asking about dating that time with the cheerleader with the zombie boyfriend and Dean had thought that was pretty bad.
“Sam and Eileen can take care of themselves, Dean. Just sleep for a few hours. If we don’t hear anything, we’ll track them down tomorrow.”
Inside, the house is light and airy, intentionally rustic, with wide exposed wooden beams in the high ceiling and brightly colored rugs covering the sandstone tile floor. They enter into a wide living room with a hallway running off to one side. The far wall is entirely windows, with a view of the pasture where it curves around back.
Castiel was the one who had left the others when he couldn’t take it, pleading exhaustion, and he had felt Dean’s eyes follow him out of the room.
“Hey, Sammy,” he manages to croak out trying to push himself into sitting position, and then slumping back on the pillows when he’s hit with a wave of dizziness.
this now, and he wants so much more, wants to strip Dean naked in every way and watch him come apart under Castiel’s hands. He’s spinning, a little, with just how much he wants, and with the knowledge of being wanted back.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and turns back to the window, though there’s nothing out there except the occasional blur of headlights cutting through the downpour. They’re in a motel in the middle of fucking nowhere, in the dark, in the desert rain, Jack and Cas in one room because Jack won’t even look at Dean, and Sam and Dean in another, left to ponder how they’re both too broken to even let a fucking siren get close. It’s probably supposed to be a metaphor for something. Shit.
.  (Cas doesn’t eat, but he sure does leave coffee mugs everywhere). It’s kind of reassuring though, the constant, visible, kind of annoying reminders of his family around him, even if they are still treading carefully, talking about Chuck, and whatever Jack is watching on Netflix, and not much else.
There’s something nagging at him too, worry for Cas, and a weird layer of guilt over how much he doesn’t want to go back to the bunker and whatever it is Sam is building there that’s objectively pretty great but that Dean just can’t seem to fit himself into. He thinks about just staying gone, for a while, and that’s weird too. Dean’s never been the one who leaves.
“Dean...he can’t control us. Maybe he can manipulate situations if he can… I don’t know. See us again. But if this was him, it still didn’t go how he wanted. Neither of us got infected. I’m assuming that was his play. I mean
“I know,” Cas says again. “Me too.” Dean doesn’t know if Cas means he’s sorry for what happened with Sam while Dean was gone, or for Mom or Jack, or if he, also, is just sorry that Dean’s such a fuckup.
He’s glad Cas is here, in the bunker. The rush of relief he felt when Cas said his name in the war room had threatened to knock him to his knees. He is not particularly glad Cas is
Dean meets Cas’s eyes in the mirror and says, “I think we should get that looked at.” He waits for a protest, for the accusation of being overprotective. If it was him, he wouldn’t bother. If it was Sam, he still might not bother, and Cas no doubt knows that. They have access to antibiotics in the bunker that would probably take care of any infection, but he doesn’t like the heat coming off of Cas’s skin or the sweat starting to bead at his hairline.
He flushes when he catches what he said, but Cas just rolls his eyes. “You let him drive the impala, Dean. I think you’re the fun dad.”  He pauses and purses his lips. “Also, I think we may have a skewed definition of fun.”
Dean coughs and looks down at the table. “Okay,” he says. This is so, so close to the line they spend so much time straddling, and it is so, so stupid for Dean to feel like a conflicted, jealous teenager over this, in the middle of everything else. But.
He wakes up in a hospital bed, blinking against the brightness of the light until Sam comes waveringly into focus.
Dean’s plans for the future have always been pipe dreams and bravado. He kind of abstractly wanted to live through this - whatever Cas or Sam thinks or accuses him of, he didn’t want to die; he just expected to. Deep down, he never believed he
“It’s okay,” Dean finally says. It’s not, and Cas knows that, but it’s where they are. “We’ll figure it out,” Dean promises. And he knows he can’t promise that because he
“Claire, since you’re by the refrigerator, would you mind taking the container with the salad back out of the refrigerator for your uncle and Deputy Barker?”
Benny and Lee made Dean show them that he was good on the crutches to get to the bathroom and get himself to the bed. Before they left, Dean asked them if one of them could give him the picture of him with his kids and his dog. Benny told him he’d already taken it off the nightstand from the master bedroom and placed it on the table next to the twin bed.
Without a single word, Dean took his kids hands, Ben still comforting his sister and left. They drove back home. Dean stopped for some ice to put on Emma’s face because John had left a handprint.
“What’s that old saying…’me thinks he doth protest too much’ is all I’m hearing,” Benny scoffed.“Personally, I like the man. I like him a lot. I just might see if the Doc is attached to anyone or otherwise engaged.” Benny’s blue eyes sparkled mischievously.
Bobby started to walk and the others followed. Rufus, Jo, Ellen, Ash, Charlie, Kevin, Pamela were among the group. Which left Sam, Gabe, Adam and Michael plus Miracle back at the Cave chasm.
“You just ate enough food for three people, Jack. You wouldn’t starve.” Castiel laughed as he lowered the four windows of the car, slowed down a little, and turned the lights off as they rode down a straight stretch of road. Claire and Jack both immediately lay their heads on their doors at the open window.
“I had one of your donuts and a cookie. I’m impressed. A cop and a baker.” She started walking to her desk where her coffee was. “We don’t have special seats, just sit anywhere. I’m over here if you’d like.”
“We are Jack,” Castiel sniffed and hoped he wasn’t bringing on a nosebleed. He hadn’t had one all day for the first time. He took another deep breath.
The next morning came and Castiel got up early to cook Claire and Jack their favorite breakfast. Bacon, eggs and biscuits and gravy. Castiel had learned how to cook from his brothers but he still wasn’t good at it but at least he could cook this.
“OK. Sorry, Dad. Sorry Claire. Really I’m sooooo…” more loud rumbling farts almost drowned out Jack’s final grunting “…sssooooorrryyyy!”
“He is really nice. Thank you, Gabe.” Smiling, Michael leaned forward and showed Gabriel an order slip written in Jules handwriting with his number. He pointed to the bottom where the paper had been torn off.
call him Uncle Benny!?! Hey!” Jack began to run back into the barn. “I can call you Uncle Benny!” He yelled as he ran.
“Pay the $211.63 for the arrears and $118, uh, 81, for the next six months. Since we don’t know what’s going on or what else may be coming. Don’t worry, Dean. I’ll pay it. You can pay me back after everything is settled.”
“Excuse me. Number forty-two, sir?” Sam stood and pulled out his wallet as he stepped back over to the ice cream counter. “That’ll be thirteen eighty-two.’
“I’ll tell you what, one long grunt for ‘NO’ or several short grunting pants for ‘YES’.” Gabriel listened quietly.
Chuck handed her one of the folders. “I think you need to close your mouth now, Naomi.” He shook the file at her as she slowly reached for it. She looked at it and sat down in the other chair at the front of the desk.
“By the powers invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and husband. Please join me in welcoming Mr. and Mr. Winchester-Novak! You may kiss your groom!”
Dean was trying to find the words, but could not. What he wanted to say was something like, ‘thanks for saving my dignity when I peed all over myself and the floor,’ but he couldn’t get the words to pass his lips. He could feel the anxiety and accompanying shame rising as his cheeks flushed. He struggled to form the words again, because, dammit, a soldier, a man, should be able to speak a simple ‘thank you.’
Castiel, dead asleep, followed Dean to his bedroom. Both of them are not awake enough yet to realize what was actually happening.
Gabriel hooted as he leapt over the low flower beds to try to catch the plane which sailed smoothly over his head, and made a graceful arcing turn out of sight around the side of the house at the far edge of the yard. Castiel came running fast on his thick little legs. He was leaping like a gazelle with every other step.
She really didn’t want to go first, but she could see that her father was nervous. She had been thinking all evening about what Sam Winchester had said about reasons that her father might not have come out before. She just knew in her heart that this was what the discussion was going to be about and realized the enormity of her dad finally coming out when, to her and Jack at least, he was practically an old man. She had become very emotional over it, wondering what had happened to her father to have kept this a secret his entire life. She’d been liking girls since she could remember, but she always thought when she became a teenager, she might have a change of heart. She just thought that it was the way everyone was, that liked the opposite gender. But she knew now that she just did not like boys “that” way.
Castiel pulled out a second pan and poured a little chicken broth in as it heated,  before placing the second breast in it. He returned to his pan that was just heating up to a sizzle again. He stirred the contents until the potatoes were almost done and put in the chicken, some fresh minced garlic, the green onions, a bit of broth and a splash of his wine. Finally, he tossed in the broccoli. He cut himself a beefy tomato and sliced up a cucumber, tossed in fresh spinach and quickly mixed up a vinaigrette to go over it. He sliced a bit of fresh baked bread he had picked up from his favorite bakery before leaving the city and cut himself a few slices of cheese. He was suddenly famished.
“I put nothing past you, Gabe. I told you you could do this.” Michael was grinning at his brother. Leave it to Happy-Go-Lucky Gabriel to pick up a date while on a “spy mission.” He’d fit right in in the world of espionage.
Benny looked at Castiel. “You weren’t kidding when you said medical professionals run in your family. You, two of your brothers, your parents.”
“Not at the moment, but I’d like to tell you how much we appreciate everything you’ve helped us with today. Really. Just the small bit you've done has helped us get this ball rolling.” Sam thanked him and elbowed Dean.
Castiel smiled and brought the plates, two glasses, two forks and a knife from the first drawer he looked in, and the pitcher of iced sweet tea. He really wasn’t hungry, but didn’t want to be a bad guest.
“What, Bro? Can I help it if I’m a hit item on any menu?” He held his hands in the air and turned the note towards his brother, showing a name and phone number.
“I have all your completed paperwork for your discharge. I just need you to sign three things, and then I’ll assist you with putting on your street clothes.”
Dean looked up at Castiel who was still turned watching the reunion of the children and Miracle. He wore a pair of expensive dark indigo distressed jeans with leather lace-ups and a short sleeved button up shirt in white or palest of blue. It was difficult to tell in the light of the porch, but one thing Dean could tell was that the buttons were having a hard time doing their job and straining to keep what was beneath the shirt hidden. Even the sleeve was taut around the bicep. Dean swallowed hard as he saw that the overall fit of the shirt was also taut and almost translucent. He could make out the ripples of each muscle on the broad expanse of back. His eye followed the muscular cords that ran down either side of the spine and disappeared into the belt-wrapped waistband of the jeans. He was not disappointed. He could see the round firmness of the buttocks pulling the jeans into a form fitting sheath around the thick muscular thighs. Castiel chose that moment to turn around and Dean was left gazing directly at his crotch. Dean stared at the bulge for a second before breaking his eyes away. He swallowed again. He needed another drink, now.
“I just wanted to say again what great kids you have, Mr. Winchester.” Gabriel turned his back to Benny, hoping he would get the hint.
Sam opened his book bag and took out a bottle of water. His anxiety was rising and he needed to drink something. He was stressed the fuck out because his
“No, she was not afraid.” Castiel said softly. ”I had stopped by the clinic when I got into town, to pick up the keys to the barn. I was told they would be waiting there for me. As I was at the desk, your brother and friends heard me say I was the doctor and commandeered me to attend to your leg. I figured since the hospital was in such dire need that I’d stay awhile until that evening, even though I was not scheduled to start until this coming Monday. I got home, to the barn, from the hospital that first evening at sunset. Your friends helped me unpack the trailer of my boxes and other belongings. I started dinner, heard scratching at the door not too much later.”
He felt a slight melancholy settle over him as he thought of Castiel’s immediate switch to a need to dominate. He’d like to think that, even still,  they’d be compatible, and he could dream of something long term, yet his logical side knew that most likely the man would want a taste of others. But mainly, he knew that eventually, Dean would be a focus of those blue eyes and that was as sure as the tide, the coming of winter or the rising of the sun. It was palpable now that he was once again in a room together with them.
Lilith simply raised an eyebrow and turned to leave the room. She glanced back through the door as she left. “Don’t swear in front of children,” she said, smiling sweetly, before climbing the stairs to her room.
Jess laughed. "Oh, probably. That might actually be a good idea, Sam." The way she said his name made tingles run up Sam's spine. She reached out and took his hand, and for once since Dean had driven away, his head was silent.
Sam crossed his arms and dug his fingernails into the skin of his upper arm to clear his mind, but quiet whispers remained. They always remained. Jess didn't seem to notice, and for that he was thankful. He couldn't have the voice ruining his time with her. He smiled at her and coughed a little. "Shall we go inside before the bell rings?" he asked.
Sam was sad, and Dean could dwell on that for years. He had caused Sam to be sad, and he knew how wrong that was. And Bobby and Ellen with that story. He had hurt so many people without doing a thing, so what would happen if he did something?
Cas wrapped his strong arms around Dean and held him. "It's all right, baby. I'm here. I always will be." He kissed Dean on the cheek. "I love you."
Dean's father was dead. He just had the dream in which he killed his mother...right after Cas had convinced him it wasn't his fault. He just told Sam what happened that night and Sam had left him. Probably angry and betrayed. Dean screwed everything up. If he hadn't run back into the damn house...if he hadn't failed so harshly...if he never existed in the first place, his mom would be alive. His dad would never have become the bastard he was before he died. Sammy would have led a normal life, with two loving parents.
Much to Lucifer's pleasure, Castiel was improving quickly and growing very loyal. He had taken the knife to Sam once. Soon, Lucifer would ask him to take the knife to Dean. When Castiel could do that without flinching, he would be ready, Dean and Sam could die, and everything would be the way it should be.
Dean smiled slightly and, at the same volume, said, "Anything for you guys." He still wasn't happy about it, though. Louder, he said, "So just this grief counseling, or do I have to go into actual therapy too?"
Dean nodded and let Cas lead him by the hand down the hall to the computer lab while Cas's mind raced. Why had he decided this was a good idea?
Dean read the text message from Cas with a strange, growing sense of trepidation. He put the phone down, not bothering to respond. What would be the point? Cas wouldn't see it for a few hours anyway. Visiting his brother at the hospital...it was a biweekly ritual with Cas and his brother Gabe. Typically, though, Cas had his phone with him in case anyone needed him.
Sam knew better just by looking at the way his eyes sparkled, but he didn’t contradict his brother. “Can we just stop debating? Dad killed himself. How are we supposed to deal with that?”
If it wasn't so terrifying, it would almost be amusing, the amount of work going into making Cas loyal. Wasn't Cas already loyal to the family? If he wasn't, Sam was sure he'd have tried to get Dean and Sam out of there by now. The fact that he hadn't hurt. "Show Cas how it's done, little Sammy."
“Castiel is, I believe, and from their names, I assume all of them go.” Jess shrugged. “Is that what I should tell Miss Bradbury?”
is way better than this." He opened up his tray and started in on the chili dog that rested therein.
The gunshot was loud, and Ellen fell sideways. She looked up, not feeling any pain in her chest, knowing she hadn’t been shot in the head, and saw another Novak standing above her with a pistol and a knife.
Hi guys! Yep. Three chapters in three days. Spring break is fabulous! This one should be a bit happier. Possible triggers: mentions of a mental hospital.
.............................................................................................................................................................................
Mother followed the two older brothers down the stairs and stood in front of the television, which Crowley turned off with a sigh. "It has come to my attention that Lucifer came into contact with your father earlier in the week, and that he has tendered an invitation for dinner. On Easter, no less."
Meg proved to be correct. Crowley approached Dean and Meg again after class. "Glad to see you two getting all buddy-buddy then." He looked Meg directly in the eye as he said to Dean, "Too bad she's aiming to steal your precious boyfriend."
The corners of Dean's mouth turned down in a disgruntled frown. "Fine." He turned and went to the door. When he knocked, Bobby answered the door. Castiel couldn't hear what was being said, but the look on Bobby's face was indicative of the kind of anger Castiel himself was feeling. Once he got his boyfriend and his boyfriend's brother settled in with the Singer-Harvelles, he was going back to the Winchester household and doing something about that asshole of a "father" they had just left.
“John never did more than yell at Sam. Sam was his favorite.” It was not entirely true, since the previous night, John had indeed thrown a glass at Sam, but it had not hit him.
Sam followed him out the door to the Impala after breakfast. "You sure you're all right to drive, Dean?"
The pain was nearly debilitating, but she launched herself off the ground, tackling Lucifer and punching him square in the nose. There was a crunch under her fist, and she reeled back for another punch, but Lucifer grabbed her hand and twisted her arm behind her, forcing her to her knees.
Lucifer would brook no insubordination. He took long strides as he moved toward Castiel, and soon was able to grip his younger brother's shirt collar and shove him against the wall, pulling him away from Dean. "Listen closely to me, little brother. Next time you do that, Dean loses a finger. And you will be the one cutting it off and presenting it to me." Lucifer paused, pressing his lips firmly together and raising his eyebrows, waiting for an argument that didn't come. Instead, Castiel simply nodded. "Now, I think we're done for today. It is almost six, and we need to eat dinner."
"Yes." That was as much as Castiel was willing to say, and he tried too put that into his tone. His father seemed to pick up on that, because he didn't say another word about the subject.
Castiel smiled at him. "Lucifer." He patted the space on the bed next to him. Lucifer walked over and sat where Castiel indicated. "How was your talk with Michael?"
The door opened quietly downstairs, but if Sam could hear it, John could too. Sam strained his ears, but could not make out what John was yelling up until the distinct sound of a blow. Sam jumped out of bed and ran down the hall. As he sprinted down the stairs, he could still hear the violence. “Stop!” he yelled.
Gabriel chuckled and glanced at Cas, then back to Bobby. "I have to keep a couple of my tricks secret," he said. "Come on, Cassie, we should go."
Crowley cleared his throat and looked at all three boys, then back at his wife. "I believe we are getting slightly off topic. Chuck invited the three of them for dinner?"
Jess handed it over immediately. Ellen tapped the screen and pulled up the school website, then took the picture they had for Charlie Bradbury, pasted it into a google search, and widened her eyes at the results. Charlie Bradbury was Celeste Middleton. “What is it?” Jess asked, a fearful tone creeping into her voice.
If he went to the bathroom, someone was always right outside. Usually it was Sam...and that wasn't too awkward, given that he was his brother. But when it was Ellen or Bobby, he just wanted them to leave him alone. He wasn't going to do anything. But it made him really anxious, and he did not enjoy that sensation.
He stretched, arching his back, and checked his phone again, in case he had missed a text. There was not a message waiting, so he slipped his phone into his pocket and went downstairs. Gabriel was waiting in the kitchen, a frown on his face as he dished out a bowl of fruit salad. “Hi, Cassie. Care for some fruit salad? I managed to get some Cool Whip into it.” His tone was flat.
Charlie didn’t even ask, though she thought Sam was already dead, considering how long ago he vanished. They had had grief counselors on campus and everything. “What kind of danger?” she asked, humoring the girl.
Dean lay on his bed, staring at the ceiling with Pink Floyd playing through his headphones. He tuned out the world in favor of the lyrics of "Lost for Words," and didn't hear Ellen pounding on his door. When the song ended and her heard her yelling and pounding he got up quickly and threw the door open, Ellen's face was stained with tears
“She was working for the Novaks.” Ellen could say this with near certainty. “But she isn’t anymore, as is evidenced by her name change.” Jess was visibly startled, as was Bobby. “Jess, I need you to contact your teacher and get help from her. We need a mission control, and she is capable and trustworthy.”
"No. This has gone on long enough. But I am going to drive you to Bobby's house now. Get in the car. I will put your things in the trunk."
Castiel wished Dean had not said that. He had started to feel a bit of guilt over what he had done, but he stowed that away without a second thought to it. Guilty Castiel is not who Dean needed right now. Dean needed someone stable who could be a constant through all of this. Not his father's murderer. Castiel was in trouble.
Castiel laughed a little. "No. But he does not know I am the one bringing my significant other to dinner, either. Lucifer told him."
He lifted the luggage again and began to stumble down the street. As he went around the corner, he saw Sam and Cas standing next to Cas's brother's car. Both of them started running to him immediately, and he suddenly became conscious of the aching behind his eyes where he wasn't letting tears start to slip down his face. When Sam and Cas reached him, they took all the bags off him and studied him. Cas walked all the way around him before proclaiming, "He is dead. There is no longer any question whether you can prevent me from killing that man."
Michael raised an eyebrow. "Father has invited us for Easter dinner?" He looked across Castiel at Lucifer. "That is why you did this?"
Jess glanced at the screen and watched as Jody answered her ringing phone. She removed the headphones and turned to face Lucifer Novak. “Why did you take them?”
Sam could tell he was about to place the blame on himself again. He had known for years that there had been a fire, and that Dean blamed himself for her death, but he had never known why. And Dean was obviously hiding something from him. "Why did you go back in?"
Cas was walking down the stairs, his stepfather close behind and damn he looked phenomenal. His hair was tousled and he was wearing a black suit, like his brother, but with a blue tie that really brought out his eyes. He wore a beige trench coat over the entire ensemble, which kind of made him look like a tax accountant, but a damn sexy tax accountant at that. "Hello Dean," he said in his gravelly voice.
Charlie leaned across and pressed the button this time. “Remember, this is get in, get out. Try not to engage the Novaks.” Her face was pale, and Jess suddenly felt bad about dragging her into this. But without her, they wouldn’t even have gotten this far. The conflict in Jess’s voice just stressed her out more. She didn’t need that.
He pulled a notebook from his school bag and took a pen from the nightstand. He flipped to a blank page and started writing. The words flowed easily.
Castiel looked down at his plate. "They are well, I believe. Obviously, they are both suffering from grief, but they are strong." He left out that Dean did not believe it was suicide. That would arouse worry in his older brothers. He continued eating. When he finished, he rinsed the plate in the sink and looked at Gabriel, who was already done.
“All right. Give me your backpack. You cannot be seen carrying two out there if you are trying to conceal the fact that Sam is leaving too.” Cas caught the bag Dean threw and opened the window. “See you soon.”
"No, I'll do it," Sam said, smiling wide. "I was just surprised, that's all. No one has ever asked me if they could sculpt me before."
Dean rolled his eyes and heaved a deep sigh. His teachers knew. Today was going to be hell after all. "Yes, Ms. Bradbury?" he said as he reached her desk. This was the first time he had ever seen the desk up close, and it was awesome. He found himself staring at the different Pop! Vinyl figures she had on her desk, ranging from Game of Thrones characters to Star Wars characters to Lord of the Rings characters. When he looked back up at her face, she was grinning.
Castiel stopped dead at the smooth and flat sound of his brother's voice. "Lucifer." He had not quite believed it that Lucifer was coming home, but he was really here. Castiel took a tentative step forward as Gabriel stepped back. Lucifer spread his arms and Castiel ran into them, tears in his eyes. He was real. Castiel had been dreaming of this day since his brother left. He needed his best friend back.
Dean couldn't help but notice the pitying glances shot in their direction, but he refused to acknowledge them. His father would have been livid should Dean accept condolences the way condolences were meant to be accepted. Far better to pretend not to see, pretend he's not affected.
Sam did as his brother said, then continued walking. Ellen and Bobby were waiting for them downstairs. “What’s going on?” Sam asked immediately.
He had read that he still needed to be careful with gloves on, so he acted as though he was not wearing them as he went downstairs to where John was still bound and gagged. Time to get to work.
Now her grieving was directed at the pain Sam was in. Though he hadn’t been hurt, physically, Jess knew how very attached to Dean he was, and seeing Dean get tortured every day was bound to take a toll on Sam’s mental health. Not to mention what would happen if Dean tortured him. Even if it was to save him from this Alastair guy, she knew Sam would not be able to handle it. He would handle Alastair better.
Crowley let go a full on laugh. "Sure, Meg." The rivalry between them was something to see. But Dean felt more inclined to believe Crowley on this one. Meg had a reputation for stealing boyfriends and girlfriends. Last year, she had reputably broken up Ruby Cortese and Lilith Boecher by sleeping with both of them...on the same night. After that, Meg was rumored to have kept up a relationship with each of them (the popular theory was that they all had sex with each other for a while before deciding to go their separate ways). So forgive him if he seemed disbelieving of Meg's claim to not want to take Cas away from him.
Dean nodded along. She was awesome! How was he only finding this out now? "I'll definitely check in at lunch, Ms. Bradbury, you don't need to worry. Thank you."
That something became very obvious as the armchair next to the couch began to swivel. His father's head came into view, and Castiel tried to school his emotions back to normal. "What's the matter, Castiel?"
“I don’t know. He got a phone call and said I needed to find you and that he needed to find Ellen and we all need to just sit down.” Sam’s voice rose with every word. He was in a full-blown panic, because this couldn’t be good. What could possibly be good about this situation?
Dean left without responding and went back to class. It was a few minutes more before Cas walked back in, not looking at Dean. Soon Dean could feel his phone vibrating in his backpack. He waited until Colt turned around to retrieve it and look at the message from Cas.
“Oh Sammy, you didn’t.” Dean sounded almost disappointed, but Sam knew the tone was fear. Dean was leaving him alone in this house, and Sam knew he wasn’t happy about it. He would never be okay with leaving Sam with John. It didn’t help that Sam had brought up Mom right before Dean was going to leave.
She raised her gun and fired off a shot, but she missed. Lucifer had the gun trained on her head, but he wasn’t firing. “I don’t like unnecessary loss of life,” he said simply, “but I have no qualms about killing you.”
"I have already said this, but I feel that I must say it again." Cas turned around. "If this happens again...I won't ignore it. I love you, and I do not want to see you hurt like this." His eyes were full of tears.
Castiel nodded. "I'm aware of that fact, but let me know how convincing Dean of the necessity goes for you."
Dean didn't respond to that one, but he felt his lips turn up in a small smile. It was indeed settled.
Charlie let out a shaking breath. She would have to change her name again. Move again. Cut her hair short. She wouldn’t dye it again…she had grown to love her red hair. Besides, it had taken a while for anyone to catch up with her in the first place. And, if she moved far enough, the Novaks wouldn’t be anywhere near her. It wasn’t like she was wanted by any official agency. Just a crime family. No big deal.
. Not only did Cas know, he was coming to stop him. "Why what?" Feign ignorance. Convince him he's wrong. Like that would ever work with Cas.
She didn’t want to hurt the child like this. Torturing adults was fun, but torturing children was cruel. She loved children too much to do that. Instead, she knelt in front of the still blindfolded child and cut diagonally across his femoral artery. He sobbed once, twice, then was still.
Michael got up and went upstairs. Once he was out of earshot, Naomi leaned close to Castiel and Lucifer. "You two. If you say anything that might give him reason to fight for custody," she lowered her voice further as Crowley looked on in disapproval, "I won't play nice."
"That we have not. I am well. Quite pleased that I am to be allowed to see my father again." Dean suppressed a chuckle. So Michael was where Cas picked up his speech patterns.
Sheriff Mills smiled a little at his correction. “Oh, I see. I apologize.” However, a frown settled on her features as she continued. “Are you aware of what has been happening at the Winchester household?”
Castiel nearly screamed when the machine immediately picked up. Dean's phone was off and Castiel could not reach him. As it was, he squeaked involuntarily and said, "Dean. I am on my way to your house. Please call me back. Please."
The sheriff left the room, and Castiel sat in the chair for a moment to figure out what he was going to do next. Hopefully they would not find John before he could take care of him.
His stepfather laughed. "Wherever he is. Naomi tends to give him a longer leash than the rest of you."
So that was the game. Don’t acknowledge what was clearly wrong. Cas could play this game. He was used to playing this game. No anger and concern was in his voice when he said, “He will go far.” He leaned in and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s swollen, cut ones. They tasted of blood still. “Come on. We’re seniors now. One more year in here will definitely not kill you.” He pulled back and stared directly into Dean’s gorgeous green eyes. He was not going to pursue the topic of the bruising, but he saw the fear enter his boyfriend’s eyes.
But of course the music wouldn't help anymore, so Dean picked up the phone and called Cas. No response. Dean thought it was because it was a Sunday morning, but that did not typically stop him from answering the call. The only thing Dean could think of that might cause this would be Cas's father coming for a visit, and that was a terrifying thought in and of itself. If Dean prayed, he would have prayed that night for Cas's father to in fact not be in town. But it wouldn't have worked anyway.
"Where is Michael?" Castiel asked, in lieu of responding to the rest of the (frankly disturbing) information.
"Bitch. I'll see you later." Dean snatched the keys up from his nightstand and headed downstairs. "Later, Dad! Bye, Mom!"
Dean realized swiftly that the story was about Bobby himself, and was terrified of where this was going. He crossed his arms and leaned back against the couch cushion.
Miss Bradbury… “Charlie Bradbury?” The name sounded vaguely familiar. A face swam before her eyes, and she recognized it. “Dear God. Jess, I need your phone.”
Usually there were no words that Lucifer could discern, but today he could hear one word. "Cas!" Over and over again, a broken record that stabbed Castiel right in the heart.
That is, until another gunshot was fired and Ellen watched blood spray from her husband’s forehead as she held him. Another gunshot, and Jody screamed, a sound that was cut off by one more shot. Ellen looked behind her, where Lucifer was standing, gun in hand.
“A necessary skill, I assure you.” Cas forced a smile as he examined Dean’s face. “You never fail to jump.” Sam had understated the situation. Dean’s face was a swollen, multicolored mess. Cas meant what he had said last night. If John was going to keep attacking
Ellen sat back in her chair, frowning heavily. “What could he possibly have on Jody?” Ellen wasn’t expecting an answer, so she was startled when her husband spoke up.
Sam placed his giant hand on Dean's shoulder. "If you need anything at all, you call me, understand?"
“I won’t try to stop you,” Castiel said earnestly. “I came to you so that you would organize the troops. I want them out of there.” When Jess looked slightly skeptical, Castiel continued, “I can’t go to Bobby and Ellen for help with this. I’d be punished…which means Dean and Sam would be hurt. You’re the only person at school I can trust with this.”
Jess nodded carefully. “I’ll go after school.” She turned and went into her English class, and Castiel looked after her, happy that he had finally been able to get help.
. Sam probably wouldn't see it until it was too late. Dean pulled off his AC/DC tee and sweatpants, replacing them with jeans and a green flannel. He took the Impala's keys off his nightstand and left the room.
Jess followed Bobby and Ellen out the door and loaded her bike into the back of Bobby’s truck. She hadn’t called her mom, so she used the time in the car to do so. Her mom picked up quickly, and said, “Jessica, where in God’s name are you? You were supposed to come right home after school.”
He resolved that he would talk to Jessica in the morning. He would have to hurry and get this pulled together or Christmas break would come and then people would always be home. It was bad enough that Azazel and Alastair were on break from school right now, but if the others were, Castiel would be on lockdown the entire time. As it was, Castiel could go to school. He could set a rescue in motion and just try to keep Dean safe until the cavalry arrived, right?
Castiel led the way to the study, a deep frown on his face. He wasn't sure if Gabriel was following behind, but at this point he did not care. He had almost killed Dean with his stupidity. Nothing else mattered.
John rose at that, allowing Dean to scramble to his feet. John seemed to be ignoring him, bloodshot eyes fixed on Sam. He took a step forward, mumbling something Sam couldn’t hear, and Dean immediately threw himself between them, close enough for Sam to get a grip on his arm. Dean was trembling, but if Sam wasn’t touching him he wouldn’t have known.
................................................................................................................................................
He swallowed. “Sam’s alive.” Her hands flew to her mouth for an instant before her eyes grew flinty and she grabbed Castiel by the shirt, dragging him to a corner of the hallway. Her mouth was tightened further than Castiel knew was possible. He opened his mouth to speak, but she held up a finger, effectively silencing him.
Cas got into the driver's seat and started the car. "Don't try to talk me out of it, Dean," her said, as though he knew exactly what was about to come out of Dean's mouth. "He hurt you, and I will not just stand by."
Now Sam couldn’t keep his mouth closed. “How can you be so calm about this? How? Dad’s dead and you’re debating the probability of how he died? Can’t you just accept it and react like a normal person, please?”
...................................................................................................................................................................................
"Don't you worry your little head about that. I'm here to make you an offer, and I think you'll find it a good one." Azazel smiled, and Dean fondly imagined punching the grin right off the bastard's face.
Dean stood, disbelieving, as Cas ran down the stairs. He instantly regretted what he had done, no matter the validity of the justification he assigned to it. He told himself he would never deserve Cas. And if John had been there when Cas kissed him...
So that may have happened too quickly, but I had to heal the relationship a bit before I threw more John into it. If it's okay with everyone, I might up the rating and adjust the content accordingly, but if you guys would rather I didn't, that's fine too.
by none other than Amahami. It's a wonderful story! I'd also like to thank Amahami for giving me that push to get this chapter done, and helping me with a couple details :-)
“Let’s go,” Bobby said, leading the way to the old blue car. Dean had used this car while the Impala was being repaired, and the Singer-Harvelles had found it fitting to use it to rescue him. The car was common enough, if old, that it wouldn’t attract much attention going down the street.
The door opened, and Dean glanced up. He found himself staring directly into Cas's eyes. They no longer held the intensity he was able to feel in class; instead they were sorrowful. Dean smiled weakly. "Hey, Cas."
Dean knew he still needed Cas desperately, but Cas didn't need to know that. Dean needed Cas to feel comfortable leaving. So he actually would text him, but he would try to make it clear there that a breakup was coming without telling him directly. Cas didn't need that today, of all days. Lucifer was home for the first time in months, and Dean wanted Castiel to enjoy that as much as possibly before he hurt him for the last time. In the end, Cas would be happier.
Dean was annoyed, there was no way around it. He wasn't angry, though. Honestly, he would be just as aggravated if the situation were reversed and Sam, Gabriel, Cas, Bobby, or Ellen had done what he had. But why did they all have to be so damn
Lilith started nicking major arteries to let some blood start spurting. This wasn’t worth it unless she ended up with a blood-spattered dress. She hadn’t gotten that last time. His screams echoed in her ears as the blood flowed. She pressed a kiss against the gag. He was still struggling.
.....................................................................................................
Jess couldn’t scream. She wanted to scream. She needed to scream. Every time she tried, blood started gushing from her neck again. She stopped trying as the match fell and flame burst into being. She felt it lick against her and closed her eyes, screaming out her blood. Charlie wasn’t crying out. Was Charlie dead? She hazarded a glance, but the firelight was blinding and she could feel it on her skin. She could feel it in her skin. Oh God, why was she dying like this? Make it stop. Make it—make…
He didn't know it, but in the night, Gabriel came by every hour to check his text messages and make sure Dean had not attempted to contact Castiel. There were never any messages.
"Gabriel, you really should eat something substantial. It is breakfast, after all." Castiel smiled as Gabriel shook his head. "To each their own, then," he said before going upstairs and checking his phone. Dean still hadn't texted him, and it was close to eight. He pressed call, but hung up immediately. Dean had promised he would tell Castiel if he needed anything. If Castiel called now, it would be nagging, and Castiel really did not want to be that boyfriend, the one who would not stop calling and texting and being generally clingy.
“No. I don’t get to be happy.” John had told him that, shown him on more than one occasion that he was nothing, that he deserved nothing.
The second they were released, it was all Castiel could do not to run outside and call Dean back right then, but he stood politely while his father introduced all of them to Becky Rosen, another writer who Castiel could easily see was trying and failing to flirt. She kept a smile on her face as she laughed and kept touching his father's arm. Castiel almost felt bad for her, watching his father's stoic face remain unchanged.
Sam rolled his eyes. "You were told to dress nice. This is nice. If you're worried about overdressing, then change."
Ellen placed gentle, yet firm, hands on his shoulders and pressed him down onto the slab he was sitting on. Michael Novak came to his side and deposited a first aid kit, which Ellen got to work with immediately. He heard screams and struggled to sit up again, but Ellen laid him back down. “Samuel Winchester, you stay put. You’re losing a lot of blood.”
Her eyes warmed a bit, and her poster relaxed. She stretched her arms above her head, revealing her midriff. Sam didn't look. He didn't.
"I have to do this. I just have to." Dean felt his resolve crumbling. This would hurt Cas. Wouldn't staying hurt Cas? Dean was extremely conflicted. Why had he answered his damn phone?
The next day was Friday, and Castiel got up, got dressed, and went to school, no trace of worry in his mind.
Dean drove to Cas's house, blaring "Eye of the Tiger" through the speakers. As he arrived, he turned it off and sat in the car for a moment before getting out of the car. He walked up to the door and rang the doorbell.
He reminded himself that it was his fault Sam had already lost both his parents. If he stayed...what if Sam lost Bobby and Ellen, too? That would be his fault. "I'm sorry, Sam. I just can't." Dean ended the call and kept driving. A few minutes later, the phone started ringing again, and he spared it a glance. Gabriel. He hadn't thought of that.
“What did he do this time?” Cas sounded more alert now, and his voice, intimidating at the best of times, took on a dangerous timbre Sam hadn’t really heard before.
"All right, get out of here or you'll be late for Cas, jerk." Sam grinned and pushed his hair out of his face.
It rang. And rang. And rang. Sam was about to give up hope that Cas would be able to come to the phone when finally the familiar low voice said, “Hello?”
Meg simply nodded and walked away, making a beeline for her locker. But Crowley commented, "Have to talk to your moose, huh?" before leaving, without waiting for a response. Dean followed Sam to their shared tall locker for their inevitable conversation.
“Yes, she wouldn’t have burned. But you would have. It was unfortunate, but she chose to save her son. And she didn’t die regretting it. So you don’t get to regret it either.”
He steeled himself for his next statement. "I'm broken, Cas. I'm just going to hurt you more. This is for you." Cas was breathing short, sharp breaths. With a jolt, Dean realized he was crying. "No, please, Cas, don't cry."
“Okay,” he says. “Okay. I’m tired. I’m drunk. I’m going to bed.” Then they can either pretend this didn’t happen or Dean can at least deal with it when he’s not so many beers in.
Cesar appears from what must be the door to the kitchen on the other side of the room, drying his hands on a dish towel. “Hey!” He says, surprise lighting his face. He crosses the room to pull Dean into a backslapping hug. “What brings you to our neck of the woods? I hope not that chupacabra because…”
“I asked Cas. He said I should ask you or Sam. He said he doesn’t know what it feels like with a siren because the venom didn’t work, and he said he doesn’t know what it’s like for a human either. That angels feel things differently.”
“You can’t get through the portal,” Castiel says. And Dick, who died on Earth, can’t, even if Castiel isn’t sure about some of the Leviathan who have been here since Purgatory was sealed.
He looks down, not moving his hand from Castiel’s arm, and then he looks back up again.  Their eyes meet and Castiel can’t breathe; he’s reminded all over again that that’s important now, when the air stutters and catches in his chest.
Night falls like a curtain, shutting out the light. Castiel digs the flashlight out of the front pocket of the duffle, keeping his knife held at ready in his other hand, and they move back toward the portal, shoulder to shoulder.
It’s a little over a seven hour drive from northern New Mexico back to the bunker. Jack spends the drive curled up against the door, looking out the window, and Cas is quiet too, casting concerned looks at Jack and periodically meeting Dean’s eyes in the rearview before looking away. Sam is in the best shape of all of them; he’s been gentle with Jack all morning, but also aggressively normal with Dean and Cas, well practiced at operating as a buffer.
They’re all men, all the type of guys with a reputation for being able to take care of themselves.  None what Dean would call good people, based on the data in front of them.
“Good,” Dean says. “I don’t want anything to happen to you. I’m so happy you’re back, Jack. I promise." He takes a deep breath. “We had a run-in with a siren once before. I know we told you that, but I don’t know if we told you much about it. I know what they can do. They make you think things, hurt the people you care about. I nearly killed Sam. And then the siren got him and we went after each other. They pull from real feelings, but I know much they twist things up.”
“You knew.” When Dean looks over, Jack is just looking at him, steadfastly, but a little hesitant, tears rolling down his face. And Dean almost wishes he could tap into any of the old anger, at least that kept him moving, kept him
, and Dean knows he’s trembling with it, shaking with every press of Cas’ hands against his skin. He’s pretty sure they’re both going to get off just like this, touching each other everywhere, Cas’ bare skin burning under his palms. And that’s exactly what he wants in this moment; they have time to get fancy later - they have
Dean shrugs. “Yeah, I’m just saying. For a guy who wanted out of the life so badly, this is the opposite of that.”
They’re sitting on the porch, staring out at the desert, the sky lit brightly with stars, clear and endless, in that way it only is this far out west and away from the cities. It reminds him of the ocean, a little, in the way it feels like you can see forever.
That’s...probably not good. But it was a routine case, Dean’s still in pain, and Castiel's grace is tapped out. A defiantly optimistic part of him is hoping that by morning he’ll also be rested enough to finish the job and get Dean fully back on his feet, though a larger part of him isn't sure he's fully coming back from this one. He feels like an emptied out husk.
Having your knee cap removed sucks. Post-concussion syndrome sucks more. The rest of the occupants of the bunker looking at him like he’s going to snap if they breathe on him wrong sucks the most.
the comfort food, and the beer, and the television, and the computer, and then making him eat vegetables. Sam gets mad, and then sad, when Dean’s too resistant; he says, “Jesus, will you just let me take care of you for once?” and Dean doesn’t have an answer.
Or, that’s not quite true. He has a list of things to say. He just doesn’t know where to even start.
Jack is still reserved and a little too quiet after the siren case. Every day, he looks a little more dejected when there’s no new insight into the next step from Billie.
“How was it?” He asks. He’s not jealous, not really. He’s proud a little bit, in a fucked up, self-defeating kind of way. Cas deserves human experiences, and this is part of that, if it’s something that he wants. So Dean’s not jealous, but he is terrified, that it
Sam and Jack come back to the table right before the food comes, and then they distract themselves with eating to make the awkward silence less noticeable.
He lets it pass this time too, because even here, in the intimate dark by the lamplight, he’s a coward.
Dean does get up off the floor, eventually. He’s not sure how long it takes, but eventually the ringing in his ears recedes and he pulls together enough of his shattered pieces to move again, to do whatever the next thing is, because if he thinks more than one step ahead, he won’t be able to do anything at all.
It’s also so much more than Dean deserves or can even quite process in this moment. He was so unprepared for this. He knew that, but he figured he was unprepared in the other direction. Dean opens his eyes and they just stare at each other, stunned, both breathing hard.
Dean spends all his time on research until his eyes itch and blur. It’s not his favorite part of the job under the best of circumstances, and he can feel himself getting short-tempered and impatient. Cas is back and forth between the bunker and heaven and tracking down angels on Earth, but he doesn’t turn up much. He finds Anael where she’s gone to ground, working at a boutique tea and herb shop for the kind of people who wish they were witches and stealthily keeping up her healing business on the side, but she knows even less than they do. He tries to find Michael and Adam, but they’re in the wind, unlikely to be found unless they want to be.
