"-Sherlock." John warned.
Sherlock had been left there with the phantom sensation of John’s lips on his forehead, swallowing away at the lump in his throat. He only vaguely remembers bringing paracetamol and water to John’s room when he'd finally got a grip.
"Wouldn't it-"
"I wouldn't have had you down as a cuddly drunk, either."
"Go on. Tell me what happened." Greg uttered, already preparing himself for the worst. Whenever he was too drunk to recall what he had done the night before, he knew it was something indecent. Last time this had happened, Anderson had informed him that he had received some very... suggestive... voicemails intended for Mycroft. Greg was "too ill" to show his face for at least another week after that.
This time, after John took his time to breath, he began what needed to be said. "I was wrong. You didn't kill her, Sherlock, you need to understand this. Please. I'm apologizing to
“No point in drinking alone.” John mutters, picking something from his chair.
“If I were a mere hallucination,” It began, arms folded neatly behind its back and speaking rapidly. “how could you possibly know from where you're standing that in a short while, a child’s football will hit the window?” Its sentence was punctuated by a dull thud against the window and shocked gasps.
“You alright?” John asks, keeping his eyes on the screen.
Rosie grabs excitedly at both of them and John sees Sherlock
When she wails, Sherlock snatches his hand away, looking at John in concern. As if he’d done something wrong.
“Boo.”
“Really, Molly-”
“Neither. It’ll clot.” Sherlock glared.
"Real smart, mate." John muttered, looking around for Sherlock and that damn water. "Cheers." replied Greg, unaware John's comment was sarcastic. Just at that moment, Sherlock hesitantly stepped into view with the water, avoiding John's gaze. John knew Sherlock was hiding away from having to deal with Greg and Mycroft's relationship issues. He couldn't really blame him: his brother was sleeping with his "boss".
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks quietly, standing awkwardly in front of John.
“Can you-“ John chokes out, stumbling past Sherlock and out of the bedroom.
They were both each other’s chance to live again.
John freezes at this and stares at him for a few heartbeats. “Right.” That was a lie. “Concussion probably.” He’s good at spotting them now.
"Everything alright, mate? I'm a bit busy at the moment."
“How long have you been watching me?” John questions, a little annoyed if anything.
John runs his hand over the back of Sherlock’s head, mesmerised by how close he is to the elegance of Sherlock’s brain; how close he is to a mind unmatched for generations and John can rest it against his chest. He’s allowed to love this man. He also thinks about just how tender and vulnerable- how mortal Sherlock is. He pushes the thought away before he tenses up.
That quiet time, however, was cut short by John. "Since when did you know the lyrics to an ABBA song, Mr '
"Mycroft."
It’s only when he feels John pull him into a hug, that he realises he’s been begging out loud. Sherlock clings to him as if John will disappear were his grip to faulter, as if he’ll wake up any moment. He runs his hand over the back of John’s head, closing his eyes at the softness of his hair. John hugs him tighter, mumbling things to Sherlock that he can’t understand but is soothed by all the same. John’s slowly rubbing his back, the way he does to comfort Rosie, and Sherlock can barely breathe through everything he feels.
It’s starting to make sense to John now. Sherlock’s clearly already smitten with her, so perhaps Sherlock’s reluctance to bond with her in any way is to prevent
"How about that then?" John smiled whilst placing the tea next to Sherlock and his half-awake daughter. "You are now officially part of the Watson family." Before Sherlock could protest, he was cut off by Rosie's yawn. He had no idea what to do about it and so, slightly panicking, carefully raised her to John. John had other ideas and so refused to take her from him. Instead, he carried his own tea over to his armchair and watched as Sherlock readjusted Rosie in his arms.
Sherlock nods, says something about putting Rosie down for her midday nap, and John prays it isn’t another excuse to get away. But Sherlock returns and sits right back where he was. John takes his hand; he’s not sure which of them he's trying to comfort.
"Sorry to move you, Sherlock, but I can't breath." John struggled out, hand patting Sherlock's back. Sherlock groaned as he rolled off of him, crushing several of John's ribs as he went. Stifling his grunt of pain, he looked over at Sherlock, who was currently trying to curl himself into a ball. Based on his inebriated state last night, the conclusion was a simple one: he had a serious hangover.
Sherlock looks down at his feet before doing as asked. John does the same, and soon they both find themselves staring at the ceiling. They listen to the occasional rustle of sheets, both aware of the distance between them.
John mirrors him.
"No, I think he's learnt his lesson." John frowned, briefly pulling his phone from his ear to prod Sherlock awake again.
"Wait." Sherlock said, not sure where to look. John turned back around to face him. "I am feeling much better than I was...Suppose I have you to thank for that" Sherlock said, somehow managing to avoid actually saying "Thank you".
"No" Sherlock said, cutting him off.
"Mycroft?" he muttered hopefully. "No. John. Let me help you up." he replied, holding out his hand. Greg reluctantly took it and hauled himself forward, John nearly falling on top of him. After stumbling around for a moment, he began his shuffle to John's room. "You've had quite a lot to drink, mate. You'll be thanking God I'm a doctor when you wake up tomorrow." Greg just carried on with his slow decent until they reached the door to John's room. He turned to John and put a hand on his shoulder muttering what John guessed was "Thank you."
“Prat.” John mutters with mock grumpiness.
“You’re actually real, then?” John says, stepping backwards.
Sherlock hums his agreement, stretching his torso and wincing. John notices, of course, permanently tuned in to the detective’s wellbeing.
“Sorry.”
This little negotiation between them, food for information on the case, was working well. That was until John ran out of information and so Sherlock saw no reason to eat. Time for a different approach.
“You’re not… abnormal.” John mumbles, trying to smile slightly but it gives way to a sad expression. “You’re not abnormal.” He repeats again, looking fearlessly into Sherlock’s eyes. “I reckon you’re quite easy to love.” John says, standing up and shuffling back to the kitchen for a re-fill.
John doesn’t even waste the energy to look at him. “You’re not bloody possessing me.”
John sighed. He understood how rubbish this must be for Sherlock and took pity on him. "How about this?" John replied. "You can go out, but I have to come with you and make sure you're fed." Sherlock sighed but nodded.
"You came in hammered, interrupted my night in with Sherlock then got him drunk." John stated simply, withdrawing the anger from his words. Greg's face sagged. "Guess an apology won't really make up for that." he muttered to himself. "Look, as soon as I can walk out of here without feeling like I'm gonna pass out, I will." Greg said sincerely, feeling like a right jackass. John sighed, for what seemed like the fifth time this morning, before reassuring Greg. "You were upset. I understand. Stay as long as you need. I'm just gonna go and see how Sherlock is doing." Noting the guilty look on Greg's face, he walked up the stairs to the bedroom.
John sighed; this was going to be a rough day for both of them. He stared at Sherlock's expanding frown. "Symptoms?" John asked, waiting for the interminable list.
John rolls closer to Sherlock, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s arm. He takes Sherlock’s hand and squeezes. “She was on borrowed time. And she knew how much... you were needed. Please, Sherlock.”
"A slight chemical miscalculation." Sherlock mumbles when the sporadic movement of his hair dies down. He looks down at the crook of his own arm.
John frowned. "No, I am. I am aware and I don't regret it." John decided not to say anything more: this was just something Sherlock had to figure out for himself. He would pin the man down and shout it until he was blue if that would do any good. But it wouldn't.
"They haven't found my body yet, then. It's a wonder Scotland Yard get anything done." Sherlock mutters, the roll of eyes clear in his tone.
Sherlock was just where he had left him, in an angry swirl of bed sheets. "You took too long. Hugs are required." Sherlock pouted, his head twisting towards where John stood. "You can't stay in bed all day. Come downstairs with me- Greg's waiting." John smiled, his hand outstretched. With a huff, Sherlock unwrapped himself from the covers and grabbed John's hand, just one of the things he appreciated when in a relationship with him. Before they had admitted their feelings for each other, Sherlock could only stand a certain distance away from him - that was to be expected in a "just friends" relationship. Now that barrier was broken, Sherlock couldn't get close enough. He hoped he would always feel like this from the simple act of holding John's hand.
Neither man moves for a while, but John finally lets himself drift off when he feels a slender hand over his own.
Sherlock's head swooped up to connect his widened eyes with John's. Despite the lack of speech, they were conversing: John's eyes were proud and happy whereas Sherlock's were full of shock and fear. Neither of them expected the word to fall so clearly from her mouth, yet alone have it directed at Sherlock. Rosie's whimper brought them back as she tried to grab at Sherlock's sleeve. At this, John tipped his head towards her, gesturing for him to "go on, then."
"I found him passed out on the floor when I got back. Told me he hadn't eaten since Wednesday. When I've finished reviving the sod you can have him back. Sorry again, Greg."
John smiled and got up, ruffling Sherlock's curls as he went by on his way to the kitchen, narrowly avoiding Sherlock as he tried to swat John away.
"Most likely." Sherlock replied, slightly distracted by Rosie's frown as she still couldn't quite seem to reach his hair. He took pity on her and tilted his head towards one of her hands. He didn't mind: she was always gentle. "Anyway, I can prove that he manipulated me."
"Sherlock, can you hear me?" John calmly inquired, patting Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock's grunt of acknowledgement eased John's nerves. "Open your eyes." he instructed before being met by Sherlock's enlarged pupils, hazed by confusion. John shot up in search of his torch, finding it behind the severed hand concealed in a plastic bag, and sunk right back down to Sherlock's side again.
"Don't know where you got that idea from" John grumbled sarcastically as he shoved his torch into his pocket. He knew exactly why this had happened.
He walks to Mrs Hudson’s door, stepping only on the creaky floorboards Sherlock was sure to hear from above. He didn’t really need to visit her, but to finally get those two alone, any excuse would do.
“As I’ve proved countless times.” Sherlock murmurs, looking up to the heavens. “Get Lestrade.”
“He’s out.” John clarifies, a bit caught out by the arrival of Mycroft Holmes. John returns his attention to the baby food that has found its way into Rosie’s curls. Her mother’s hair.
John pointed behind him to the couch before leading them there and sitting down. Once Greg had settled, John began.
The phone stops ringing and John can hear the busy sounds of an office.
When Sherlock rolls over to face him, John shifts onto his back to allow Sherlock to rest his head on his chest. Both men don’t say anything for a while, just simply enjoying the clockwork of their movements. Sherlock runs his hand over John’s chest and tries not to memorise the feel, tries to get it through his brain that he will have many moments like this.
John couldn't have agreed more.
Sherlock smirks, allowing Rosie to hold some of his fingers. “She’ll be retaining words soon. What do you think her first word will be?”
That was incentive enough for Sherlock, running on fumes at this point, to turn his and look at John, his gaze soft. "I know, John. It's just that while I'm having some "shut-eye" or eating some fancy "kebab", people are getting murdered."
Rosie’s face scrunches up in the way it does just before she politely lets her father know she’s not happy.
"Want to tell me what happened, Greg?" John urged, talking to him more like a patient than anything. Greg scoffed before spitting out the word "Mycroft". When Greg realized John wanted him to continue his story, he took a deep breath.
"Oh. What's wrong with her?" he asked, temporarily freezing from taking baby food out of the fridge. He had had Sherlock disinfect the fridge before Rosie's arrival at the flat to remove any traces of cultured bacteria, blood or anything severed. Obviously.
“I wish it was the other way around.” Sherlock confesses, exhausted.
After a short silence, John chuckled as he said "Did you see Greg's face, though? He was mortified." Sherlock cracked a smile. He felt a lot better and knew that John's awareness of his appreciation was worth more than his ego. "Well," he thought, "here goes nothing".
John smiles and looks over at Sherlock. Sherlock’s already staring at him with equal amazement. He is already off his stool and on his way over, too excited to be embarrassed that he had been caught watching them.
When John came back from his thoughts, he saw Sherlock resting Rosie's head in the crook of his elbow. Gently tipping the bottle up, he looked at her with admiration and began softly singing 'The Elements' song to her. One of Rosie's hands wrapped itself around Sherlock's pinky finger, giant in proportion to her. When she was finished with her bottle, John realized he had been staring and so made himself busy by sorting through some old cases. After Sherlock had burped her, he lay her down in her cot by John's chair. This was the first time Sherlock had done it yet repeated everything that he had seen John do- down to the last detail: he had to get it right.
"Eat it, Sherlock."
“Christ!” John gasps, trying to keep his balance with the support of only one good leg.
Yep. No one was going anywhere in this "totally heterosexual" flat. They had their home in each other.
“John Watson. Um…” John looks over at Sherlock for help.
"Wednesday?! It's bloody Friday, Sherlock!"
Sherlock looks reluctantly down at her as if she had just magically appeared before him. After a few hesitant moments, he raised his arm and pat her head. Twice. He then looked up for approval, only to be met with a stern look from John. Looking back down at the child, who was still tugging on his sleeve for his attention, he carefully picked her up and placed her in his lap, wrapping his arms gently around her as she rested her head against his stomach.
“Take her for a moment.” John says, handing over his drowsy daughter. Sherlock looks a bit startled but holds her gently against his chest. John kisses the back of her head, gives Sherlock a smile (as if that would throw him off the scent), and turns back down the stairs.
John tried to conceal his flicker of hope as Sherlock looked down at the plate on his lap. "Even if I get the information from you, my body will be too busy metabolizing "this" to properly analysis it." Sherlock said, however his eyes remained on the food. Before he could register what he was doing, he found himself holding a slice of toast. His "transport" was rebelling against him. Once the smell of wheat and melted butter hit his nose, he couldn't stop his hand from gravitating towards his mouth. Gradually, a tiny nibble began to grow into big bites as his self-restraint slipped away.
Rosie had taken a liking to the small hedgehog immediately.
John’s lying in bed, waiting for something he didn’t allow himself to acknowledge, when Sherlock pops up again.
. Bollocks. I've only been 'avin' a pint at least once a week. So I said-I said "I'll show you drinking
“Do not call John.”
They’re lying on John’s bed. Well, Sherlock is, but he’s resting his head on John’s lap. It took a while for them to manage this, but Sherlock had grown stronger since their meeting and he took full advantage of this newfound strength.
"JOHN!"
This was going to be a long week.
Laughter outside draws John’s eye momentarily towards the window, but when it flits back, Sherlock is gone.
“Yesterday. Those things I said.” John begins.
“It’s John or the hospital.” Lestrade reasoned, still not quite understanding his repulsion at either suggestion.
"This case is at least a nine. What happened to him?"
His fists clench around strands of his hair.
Head hitting the pillow, his fingertips pinched the edge of slumber, only for it to be snatched away by John's stern words : "You have a concussion, you can sleep when I tell you". He didn't even have the energy to scowl at John's comment.
"Calm down, Sherlock. Breath." John soothed, running his hands up and down Sherlock's arms. Only for a brief amount of time, however, as he stopped upon remembering that his touch made Sherlock uncomfortable. It brought it all back.
Well, he hadn’t meant to say that. Seemed it was to be a night of revelations.
John smiled, leaning in to peck him on the lips. “Love you.”
With the hotel room to himself, Sherlock set out the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign and then undressed and lay back against the cheerful blue sheets. He spread his legs, shivering as the cool air of the room touched his heated genitals. Putting a hand between his legs, he stroked a finger through the soft folds, rubbing his thumb over his tiny cock. The sensation was vaguely pleasurable, but it was overshadowed by the same sense of queasy discomfort that he’d always had when he’d tried touching himself as a teenager. Under his own fingers he was soft and slick and wet, and felt all wrong. It wasn’t so bad as to be upsetting, but it was certainly distracting enough that Sherlock couldn’t focus on the pleasure of his own touch. Huffing in irritation, Sherlock got up and went to the bathroom to wash his hands, then got dressed. Perhaps this would work better with the aid of some of the associated paraphernalia.
Sherlock smiled back, cheeks red. “I love you too.” He said, letting go of John’s sleeve.
Sherlock shrugged. “Can’t sleep. Didn’t want to be alone downstairs. Could I- join you?”
John glanced at Sherlock as Sherlock watched him with an intent, almost desperate expression. Something was wrong, John could feel it. Still, he couldn’t just come out and ask ‘What’s wrong?’. That would never work.
John grinned wickedly. “Fair enough.” He said with a laugh. “Okay, where is it?”
Sherlock groaned. “For once, I agree with you.”
Sherlock shook his head frantically. “No, I don’t want that.”
limits. He fell silent for a moment, thinking.
The pair came back in just as tea was ready. Mummy cupped her mug with both hands, smiling gratefully at John. “Thank you, dear. It’s terribly cold out.”
Sherlock moaned, fucking himself back onto John’s fingers. John fingered Sherlock open with quick, rough movements. Once Sherlock was opened up a little more, he got out his cock, slicked it up with the rest of the lube and thrust into Sherlock in one hard shove. Sherlock braced himself against the sink as John set a hard, fast pace, gripping Sherlock’s hips tight as he fucked into him with little care for Sherlock’s own pleasure. Every now and then John’s cock would accidentally brush up against Sherlock’s prostate, and he’d writhe and moan, desperate for more stimulation though he wasn’t even able to get hard, cock still locked up tight. He gave a low moan of disappointment as he felt John come and then pull away.
“I didn’t mean that.” He said quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gosh, this chapter was hard to get out. I had to get up and walk around every two or three sentences because it was just. Too much to write down all at once. And i spent way too long looking at the Google Maps street view of Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
Sherlock scrambled shakily to his feet, looking like he was about to fold in on himself as he eyed John warily. “Sugarcoating things wouldn’t have helped her. She needed to face the facts.”
Sherlock moaned at the thought of something more ‘interesting’ than
Sherlock kissed with careful deliberation, each one seeming meticulously premeditated and decided upon. John never initiated, but never refused; he quickly learned to recognise the look Sherlock got in his eyes when he was just about to kiss him, and John would smile and wait, head tipped back and lips parted slightly in eager anticipation of Sherlock’s own. Sherlock was quite pleased with this arrangement, though he never said anything about it. He felt a bit like he was wooing John, and though John made it quite clear that was hardly necessary, Sherlock liked it all the same. John deserved wooing, and it was likely no one else had ever bothered before.
A few days before, Sherlock found himself again in bed, for the same reason as last time, the only reason he was ever in his bed nowadays. He’d had a over a week’s respite, after Magnussen’s last visit, though he’d spent that week in misery over Magnussen’s newest game with the oestrogen. Magnussen got off him, and Sherlock sat up, staring blankly at his come-streaked thighs. As usual, he ignored the man moving around the bedroom, getting himself dressed.
John toyed with and teased Sherlock’s nipples, pleased with Sherlock’s debauched appearance. “What do you want, Sherlock? Tell me.”
Sherlock visibly paled, stepping back, hurt suffusing his face. John, noticing, trailed off, mentally rewinding, anger leaking out of him as he realised what he’d just said.
“I want you to do what he did.” He says.
John frowned. “Shouldn’t you be, y’know, in the ocean?”
Sherlock gripped the tiny bottle tightly, emotions warring within him. Relief was one, though tempered with wariness; anger, too- at himself, for not having seen through the trick; at Magnussen, for toying with him like that, but that was futile- he had too many reasons to be angry with Magnussen already.
John kept up a litany of praise interspersed with moans as he fucked into Sherlock. As he neared orgasm, he fell silent, panting raggedly as he thrust into him until he came, gasping out Sherlock’s name.
John was suddenly tense at the mention of Mary. “Never mind that. Go on. What about her?”
Magnussen gave the same treatment to the other hand, and then slid Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders. Sherlock heard the whisper of cotton hitting the floor, felt it land at his heels. He tried to focus on that, but was drawn back to his situation by Magnussen running the flat of his hand up Sherlock’s bare back. “So many scars you have acquired over your life.” Magnussen mused. His fingers traced the raised lines on Sherlock’s back, but his eyes were on the thinner, older, much less noticeable scars that ran across his chest. “Still, you are a very beautiful man.”
The boys were so uncooperative with this chapter. I wanted to move on to the confrontation with Mary, but they were all 'I think we might talk about something, tonight.' Okay, fair. So I wrote them a nice little set-up, and then they clammed up. But they still wouldn't let me scrap it and just move on. This is all I managed to squeeze out of them, after three days of wrestling with the story.
Sherlock gives  John his Christmas gift, and they head back to London.
Magnussen sat back in his chair, rubbing his hands together. “Apologies for the dampness of my touch. You’ll get used to it.”
“She was manipulated by him to get to me, much like how he used me to get to- to Mycroft.” He said, too quietly for Mary to hear.
John froze. “Christmas.” He muttered. “I forgot completely. What day is it?”
John almost smiled- It was such a Sherlockian thing to say. “You can’t logic away your feelings.”
I love it when it's Sherlock who proposes. It's counter to the expectations of a lot of fans, because John's the 'romantic one', but you know, he's such a giant softie.
We were supposed to make a decision as to where to go today but??? The boys are just??? Not able to focus they keep wanting to talk about other stuff and be sappy like guys,,,,we have to keep the plot going okay,,,
So began a stalemate that spanned years. Mycroft unable to to act against the blackmailer systematically weaving his net around the British government (of which Mycroft really was only a small part, no matter Sherlock’s hyperbole), yet not giving him an inch more. There were many things that Magnussen wanted from Mycroft, and while the Mycroft did not act against him, he was also not ready to betray his country, not even to save himself and his secrets. If Magnussen wanted Mycroft Holmes, he needed something that he valued more than his secrets, more than his country. He needed Sherlock Holmes.
“And,” Sherlock added, “it does feel, this time around, quite like a new beginning. Though of course the reasons for that are largely circumstantial rather than having anything to do with the time of year.”
John’s eyebrows rose- he’d been expecting that Sherlock was asking to come. He’d been planning on ending it, as it the scene had already been intense enough for one evening. Still, he wasn’t in the habit of denying Sherlock- admittedly, John had quite the spoiled sub. John decided to check in with Sherlock before making a decision.
John’s eyes widened. “Really? I never knew.”
Sherlock rolled said eyes. “So I’ve heard.”
“Were you just sitting there the whole time?”
John blinked. “You’re going to pin it on Mycroft?”
Sherlock stopped resisting the impulse, and slid to his knees beside John. John didn’t protest. He’d said his piece now, and he watched Sherlock, waiting to see what he would do. Sherlock reached up to cradle John’s face in his hands, his long fingers enveloping both sides of John’s head.
John stalked towards Sherlock, voice low and dangerous. “You act like a whore, you get treated like a whore, Sherlock.” He pushed Sherlock up against the bathroom door, pinning him in place with his body and with his piercing gaze. “Whores don’t get to come. Whores don’t get kissed and coddled. Whores get fucked, and then they get paid, and then they leave. Is that what you want?”
John was still frowning. “And that was worth it? How was that in any way worth it?”
“God, yes. Come. I want to feel you.” John pounded into Sherlock, stroking his cock furiously. Sherlock’s back arched, and he stuffed the heel of his hand into his mouth to stifle his scream as he came, his arse clenching and fluttering around John’s cock.
I cried while writing this because I'm pathetic like that, but hopefully that means you'll like it.
John took Sherlock’s hands in his, massaging them absentmindedly. Sherlock’s fingers were always cold- they were colder than John’s now, though John had just been outdoors in late autumn without his gloves on. John cleared his throat a few times, then in true John Watson style, jumped right in with little prevaricating.
“John! It’s lovely to finally meet you. I’m sorry it took such extreme circumstances for Sherlock to finally bring you here.” She shot a brief glare at Sherlock over her shoulder. “Siger, come here, take these bags from John and put them in Sherlock’s bedroom. John, why don’t I show you around.”
I'm sorry, that was a teasing place to end at! But it just felt right, hehe
Mycroft sighed. “I understand. Just try. If you can’t get him to talk, I doubt anyone else could.”
“Hmm. Thank you. Another Holmes family tradition?” John asked.
“This doesn’t mean you’re off the hook about the girl, you know.” He murmurs.
He reached back, grabbing his coat off its hook. Panicked, Sherlock darted forwards, stopping just before he hit John’s personal space. “Don’t go.” He pleaded.
Magnussen moves the game forward.
“You be careful on that thing, alright.” He said gruffly. “I don’t want to lose you, too.”
Sherlock turned off the light, and they passed several minutes in the silence and darkness. Slowly, Sherlock’s hand snaked over the covers, closing around John’s wrist. John remained still and unresponsive, but his pulse, not quite at resting rate, hiked a little more.
“You don’t have to tattoo directly over it.” He decided. “I don’t want to make this all about him. It’s not. It’s about us.”
Sherlock is sad.
It took them two months and one hundred and thirty-seven kisses to decide they’d had enough of North America. Sherlock had equally had enough of pretending that John didn’t require sexual satisfaction, and so on their first morning in Mexico City, Sherlock made his move.
John leaned down to kiss Sherlock, letting him feel his anticipatory smile. “Now, I’ve got something more interesting for you.”
Weeks pass without word from Magnussen. Sherlock heals, slowly. He escapes from hospital as soon as they will let him- he prefers the pain to the experience of being drugged, helpless, and almost naked while people bustle around and fuss over him. He doesn’t escape the being fussed over quite as much as he’d hoped, as once he goes back to Baker Street, Mrs Hudson is nearly always in the flat, bringing him unsolicited biscuits and tea and blankets. Even John keeps coming over, sometimes alone, and sometimes with Mary, who shoots him warning looks when John isn’t looking.
“Stop that.” John said sternly. He leaned down, softening the order with a kiss. “As I know you’ve already deduced, I’ve got plans for you, and I intend to stick to them. You’ll have to wait until tonight. No, don’t pout at me, I’m not going to change my mind.” He looked down at Sherlock, a dark sort of excitement lighting up his eyes. “What you’re feeling now? That’s nothing to what it’ll be like by tonight. I’m going to have you aching for me, utterly desperate. I’ve got all day to tease you, and I’m going to take full advantage. And then, tonight, I promise, you’ll get everything you’ve been waiting for.” He smiled at Sherlock. “Sound good?”
Sherlock yawned, too tired to deduce John’s meaning. “Long time what?”
Unthinkingly, John handed the gun over. He frowned as Sherlock wiped it off and carefully removed the gun in Mycroft’s hand, replacing it with John’s gun.
Sherlock can't just let a good thing be a good thing. John loves him anyway.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “And who is that?”
‘Good boy.” John praised when he came back, leaning up to kiss him. “Okay, you can sleep now.”
John kissed him again. “It was absolutely wonderful. You’re wonderful.”
“Do you want to leave the gag in?” John asked.
When it was over, he felt limp and wrung out, and the bed was far too large and empty. “Thank you.” He whispered into the phone beside him. “Could you- Can you come back?”
Sherlock flushed, and smiled. “I love you too.”
Sherlock crossed over to the music stand, picking up his bow, and John nodded in understanding, going to sit down. Sherlock cocked his head, as though suddenly thinking of something.
Sherlock gave her a scanning look. “David.”
Sherlock rushed up the stairs to his room and shut the door behind him, leaning against it with his heart thumping against his chest as he palmed his cock through his trousers. God, he’d been just downstairs. Sherlock couldn’t help imagining what might have happened if he’d been a little braver, a little bolder. If he’d invited him up.
John slicked up the sound and carefully dripped lube in and around Sherlock’s slit, smiling slightly when he heard him gasp at the strange sensation. Grasping Sherlock’s hard, flushed cock in his hand, he positioned the sound at the opening of Sherlock’s cock and slowly slid it in.
Sherlock closed his hand around John’s cock, watching John’s face intently as he did so. John looked back at Sherlock through lidded eyes, a soft smile playing about his lips. Sherlock slowly started to stroke him, adjusting his grip and changing the pressure according to the feedback from John’s expression.
Sherlock eyed Magnussen, wondering how he knew, if he’d bugged the room. Though he knew, logically, that what Mary said was most crucial in this game of cat and mouse, he found that he felt most upset by the thought of Magnussen listening in on his time with John. That had been meant for them only, a little bubble where they could be together, after so long spent apart. It had been like a special treat, having the whole of John’s attention, and he hated to know that he’d had to share that with Magnussen.
Sherlock stuffed his wrist in his mouth, biting down hard and for a moment the pain felt good, expanding until it eclipsed everything else. Then suddenly he was flooded with a sense memory, of another time he’d done the same thing. He was flat on his back in bed, Magnussen’s head beneath his thighs, scratchy beard contrasting with a warm, wet, unwanted mouth.
“This isn’t because of your singing.” John interrupted impatiently. He hadn’t meant to reveal his feelings, but now that he had, he wasn’t about to let them get swept aside as a residual magical effect. “I’ve loved you for months.”
John watched as the very small handful of students who’d actually attended the lecture filed out, most calling out a cheerful goodbye as they left. The class he was teaching didn’t have a final exam, so after the mid-terms ended, attendance had dropped drastically. In a way it was disappointing that so few of his students really cared about the class beyond their grades, but at the same time it had left him with only the most passionate students, leading to rather interesting lessons. It was nice to hear voices other than his own for a change.
“Sherlock, you know you can- You can’t avoid it forever. And there’s no need to pretend like you don’t care-”
They make their way home, and Sherlock gets a phone call.
Sherlock nodded desperately, uncaring that each movement tugged painfully on his sensitive follicles. John’s grip tightened, and Sherlock let out an inarticulate moan, sagging in John’s hold.
“It’s alright.” John murmured. “You’ve been holding it together for so long. But there’s nothing left to do, now. You can let it go.”
John sighed. “I know.”
It was strange to see him like that. Mycroft had carefully cultivated an aura about himself, to make himself seem put together and in control, a watchful eye that never sleeps. He never let anyone see him naked, either literally or metaphorically, and he never let anyone see that he had a heart. Yet there he was- naked, a hole ripped right through him to expose his heart. It was his body and his face, but the body looked nothing like Mycroft. It held nothing of who he was.
known you eight
Once they made their way back to Baker Street, John turned to Sherlock, smiling. “So, your present first, or mine?”
“I know his name. He won’t get away with that so easily.” He said in a low voice. “Are you all right?”
Orgasm, when it arrived, was less like the sudden freefall that it sometimes was, and more like waves cresting on the beach, building slowly before toppling, with a satisfying crash. John stroked Sherlock’s hard, leaking cock as Sherlock moaned and writhed, arse clenching rhythmically around John until he, too, shuddered, stiffened, and came in several long, hard pulses, groaning out Sherlock’s name.
John crawled onto the bed, leaned down to kiss Sherlock’s slick, shiny lips. He lingered, kissing him slow and deep, plundering Sherlock’s mouth until he melted into the mattress. He shifted to kiss down Sherlock’s jaw, nipping at his throat.
“Good.” Sherlock said distractedly. John had said something along this line a few times already, in the weeks past. “Can I touch you now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Magnussen sat down in the chair, one hand resting atop Sherlock’s. The other hand ran up Sherlock’s forearm, making Sherlock’s skin crawl as he lay, unresponsive, unable to jerk away, to call out, just as trapped as all of Magnussen’s other victims. Sherlock was bound by the drugs coursing through his veins- the rest were bound by the secrets Magnussen held over them. Soon, Magnussen would have Sherlock bound up as tight as all the rest, drugs or no- trussed up in a web of his own making, the silk threads made of Sherlock’s foolish love for the unattainable Doctor Watson.
Sherlock’s kisses never progressed beyond a simple press of lips. Often he would linger, wrapping his arms around John, cradling John’s head in his large hands as he rested his forehead against John’s, feeling the puff of John’s breath against his lips. Each time he considered taking it further he recalled damp and bristly lips and and aggressive, invasive tongue. The sheer disgust the memory elicited kept him from even trying.
Sherlock considered, trying to imagine it as best he could, though he’d never tried it himself. Being unable to see or move, just lying there as John explored the most intimate, sensitive parts of him. It would most certainly be intense, but Sherlock had never shied away from such things. Rather the opposite, in fact.
“Very true.” John gripped Sherlock’s hips and tugged him down, making Sherlock gasp in surprise as John suddenly filled him, his arms flailing before he caught himself on the bed.
He was in the middle of that when John let himself into the flat. “Hey, Sherlock. What’s up? Mrs Hudson said you were-”
Still, Sherlock is ecstatic when he gets called out on a case, even though it turns out to be boring- run-of-the-mill jealous husband, trying to disguise his crime as a ritualistic murder. John was too busy to come along, which put something of a dampener on Sherlock’s mood, but still, he’s in high spirits when he gets home. That is, until he gets home and finds a very unpleasant surprise sitting on the sofa.
Even after everything, Sherlock didn’t even consider not going. He was too deeply entrenched now. He did decide to leave his coat at home; better not to risk anything that might happen to it.
John leaned back, smirking up at Sherlock. “Although the proper answer,” he added, “was that you wanted to be fucked hard in a public toilet. Which you could have just told me, instead of creating an elaborate set up.”
The plan went something like this- America first, simply because it was so far away and unconnected to everything else. So they’d go, see what they wanted to see, both in the Northern and Southern continents, then fly back to Europe once they’d gotten all that out of the way, and hopefully not decide to make a return trip, because it was eight fucking hours of flying just to get there. Then a Europe tour, and then they’d wiggle their way through Asia. Sherlock discovered that it was actually possible to travel entirely overland, mostly via train, from London to the furthest tip of Southeast Asia, not including Indonesia, which was not connected by land at all. He decided they very much needed to try that, so that was to be the second leg of their trip. Then they might or might not go to Australia, depending on how they feel at the time. Whether or not they go to Australia, they would then fly back up to cover the bits of Asia which they would miss on their roadtrip, mainly India and Nepal. Then they’d take another flight to Turkey, then Egypt, then any other African countries they might want to see. Then back up to Europe, where they would either see a few more places in Europe or just go straight home, depending on how they felt.
“I love you.” He murmured, gazing intently into John’s eyes. “I adore you. There is nothing that brings me greater joy than being here with you.”
“Good boy.” John murmured, leaning up to reward him with a kiss. Sherlock whimpered, kissing him back hungrily, soaking in the affection.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “No, I don’t need that. You don’t owe me anything, really, I phrased that badly. I just- I want to help, if I can, but I’m not sure what you need me to do.”
Doesn’t seem overly chatty
Sherlock nodded, but didn’t seem keen on continuing the conversation. He turned away towards his parents. “Finish your tea, Mummy. I want to give John his present.”
Sherlock’s cock was beginning to chafe, and he scrabbled for the lube in his bedside drawer, squeezing it into his hand. He resumed tugging on his cock, the lewd, slick sound of it making him gasp with arousal.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I don’t need to. I want to. It sounds good. Travelling with you, wherever we want to go. I’ve only ever travelled where I needed to go. After the last few months...having the freedom to do whatever the hell I want sounds very good.”
She hugged him tighter at that, tearing up again. Siger wrapped his arms around her, and Sherlock tugged John away, the two sneaking silently back to the house to give them a moment alone. While waiting for them to return, John set about making tea for everyone.
There was a moment of silence as Sherlock got to his feet. “Well, I’m glad no blood got on this dress.”
Sherlock nodded. “Anyway, I can always learn. Or buy a book of useful phrases at the airport and memorise it on the plane, which is significantly easier.”
Thee moment the suspect was cuffed, the song ended. A wave of disappointment crashed over John, but he shook it off, taking charge of the suspect as Sherlock dusted off his coat and looked mournfully at the remains of his shirt.
John scowled. “That doesn’t make any sense.” He glanced at Mycroft, checking his reaction. That was all the opportunity Magnussen needed. In a single swift movement, he shoved Sherlock onto the floor and drew a gun from behind his chair, firing it straight at John.
He couldn’t shout to warn John. John was quite clearly in no mood to do sensible things like ducking. If he said ‘gun’ John would turn and fire, and then he would get shot. Mycroft could fire, but even if he managed to hit Magnussen, John would still get hit. Nearly every scenario that ran through his mind at lightning speed ended in John shot and possibly killed. Mycroft knew that no matter what, he could not allow this to happen. Sherlock had a huge amount of trauma to get through. He would not survive having John Watson’s death on top of that. Between their fraught relationship and Mycroft’s own cold nature, there would be little that Mycroft could do to help him to overcome that. There was only one solution that held a chance at a happy ending for Sherlock.
Sherlock sat up abruptly. “Come here, I want your arms around me.” In a moment he had John arranged to his satisfaction, sitting against the headboard while Sherlock sat between his legs, reclining against his chest with his head on John’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
John raised an eyebrow. “No? Then what do you want?”
“Start with introducing yourself. Who you are, how you knew him. You can do a brief rundown of his life- whatever of it isn’t classified, obviously. Pick things that relate to your point. The reason you’re doing the eulogy is because you have a unique perspective of what he was like, being his only sibling. So you can make use of that, talk about what he was like as a child, or the side of him that other people didn’t get to see. Pick two or three characteristics you want to talk about. Something flattering, if you can. Tell stories that illustrate why you say that he was...whatever you’re saying. Then finish with something sentimental. The biggest way he’s impacted your life, or something you wish you’d said while you have the time, or something like that.”
John ran his hand up Sherlock’s flushed chest, ghosting over his skin as he felt Sherlock trembling beneath his fingertips. Sherlock groaned, shaking his head.
Sherlock smiled up at John, eyes shining. “I love you.” He declared delightedly.
“It seems I have been very much mistaken.” Mycroft said quietly.
Sherlock smiled at him. “But it was more fun this way.”
“I’ll be in touch, Mr. Holmes.” He said, before letting himself out.
In the back garden of Sherlock’s Mind Palace was a set of beehives, where Sherlock kept all his knowledge about bees, stored neatly away in little perfectly hexagonal honeycombs. It was one of Sherlock’s favourite spots, a place he retreated to when everything going on outside of his head got too much to stand. The hum of the bees was soothing, the everlasting summer sun warm and bright, the flowers delicate and fragrant. Being around John was somehow strongly reminiscent of this imaginary place. It only made sense to put him there.
“Fuck, imagine the size of the giant that made that. It’s about as long as I am tall!”
“Just spit it out.” John said impatiently.
John nodded, a small laugh bubbling out of him. “Yes, of course, yes.”
John was a practical boy, and so he figured that walking was more likely to get him home than sitting around. So he picked a directing, and walked. The sun got lower, and lower. John didn’t seem any closer to reaching the end of the forest. Grown-up ten-year old boy he may have been, but John was tired, and hungry, and terribly lost. He sat down and began to cry.
John plays around. Sherlock gives John a scare, but it's all good.
“Yes, you do.” John countered. “Unless you
“There’s two beds in this flat. Why are you sleeping out here?” John said.
Afterwards, John folded the covers over the both of them, too lazy to get up and get under the sheets properly. He tugged Sherlock close to him, pressing them together until they were so close that John could feel Sherlock’s breath fanning across his face. John reached a hand up, fingers threading through Sherlock’s hair and massaging his abused scalp.
John rolled his aching shoulder as the heavy weight of Sherlock’s head lifted off it, smiling slightly at Sherlock as the man blinked sleepily at him.
Sherlock shook his head. “No.” He said, voice soft and shaky. He cleared his throat and tried again. “No.” He repeated, more firmly this time. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It didn’t take Sherlock and John long at all to pack. John was used to packing quickly and travelling light, a holdover from his army days, and Sherlock was too excited to really care what he was tossing into his bag. “We’ll be able to buy anything we really need.” He reasoned as John attempted to get him to be more systematic. “Or get Mrs Hudson to mail it to us.”
John elbowed him gently. “Don’t be like that. She’s your mum.”
“Yeah.” John panted. “I’m right there with you, love. Come for me.”
There was no reason he couldn’t be humans, of course. Humans could ethereally beautiful, and astoundingly brilliant, and gracefully dextrous. To find a single person who was all three at once might be rare, certainly, but it wasn’t impossible.
John looked from Sherlock to Mycroft, then back at Sherlock. He nodded. “Okay.” He murmured. “Okay. So, how are we getting home?”
Other than just wanting Sherlock to enjoy himself, John actually had an ulterior motive for taking Sherlock to the Criminology Museum, one that appeared when it came to time for lunch. He’d known beforehand that he’d never have been able to drag Sherlock out of that museum for food, and he’d packed accordingly- sandwiches and juice boxes. Sherlock would never have agreed to even a snack break, but there was a strategy to getting him to eat, when he was excited and distracted. All John had to do was unwrap the food and place it in Sherlock’s hand, and as long as Sherlock had to do nothing more than bring it to his mouth, chew, and swallow, he’d finish the entire thing without even consciously registering that he was eating. This only worked for John, of course- he was the only one Sherlock trusted so completely, all the way down to a subconscious level. The ulterior motive, though, wasn’t that John was getting Sherlock to eat. It was what, precisely, he was giving him. Give Sherlock a glass of cranberry juice, and tell him to drink it, and he’d figure out his surprise in a hop, skip, and a jump. However, take him to a museum, present him with a panoply of old cases, and sneak juice boxes into his hand while he’s thinking, and he’ll be completely oblivious. Besides, he looked rather cute like that, pausing mid-crime ramble to sip at a juice box before continuing, not breaking stride for even a second.
John smoothly put the empty box in his coat pocket, neither drawing attention  towards nor away from the item. He smiled innocently up at Sherlock. “Nothing. I love you.”
John put the flogger down, noting the way Sherlock’s fingers were now loose and relaxed rather than grasping and clenching, his breathing no longer quite so loose and ragged.
“I suppose you could. If you wanted.”
Sherlock tried to picture how he himself would react. If John -the person he loved- shot his best friend. If he shot himself? That was a completely different scenario. If he shot- Lestrade was the most likely equivalent in this case. Could Sherlock somehow abandon his love for John, for Lestrade’s sake? It didn’t seem plausible. Besides, it was John. He would have had a good reason, surely. Furthermore Sherlock had never imagined John to be a sweet and harmless locum nurse. He’d shot a man the day after they met. Sherlock had always known John’s potential to be a lot more dangerous than he looked. What if he hadn’t? Would that somehow affect Sherlock’s feelings? What if-
John nodded. “Lift your head.” He instructed. Sherlock did as he was told, and John slipped the band around Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s world fell into darkness.
John frowned at this casual attitude towards Sherlock’s brush with death. “What did she say?”
John sat back again, and then Sherlock was hauled forwards by his hair, unyielding hands pressing him insistently down on John’s cock. Deepthroating with the gag in was hard, without the sensation of hard flesh between his lips. Though his mind was aware, his body had little warning before John’s cock was hitting the back of his mouth, pressing in, insistently. Sherlock’s throat worked, spasming around the intrusion as he struggled not to gag.
“I’ll bet you have.” John murmured. “You should rest.”
John grinned back. “I appreciate it.”
“Sherlock? Look at me. Come on, look at me, Sherlock.” John murmured.
Sherlock stiffened slightly at the reminder, regretting having brought it up. They still hadn’t talked about it properly, not since that forced moment of forgiveness in the train carriage. John’s tone, though, was wry but fond. Somewhere along the way he’d lost the bitter edge, and the hand stroking slowly down Sherlock’s spine left absolution in its wake.
Now that Sherlock was there, John latched onto the opportunity to forestall the awkward conversation he’d just been dreading. “Sherlock, this is Sarah. One of my dedicated students who keeps coming for lectures.” John could see Sherlock’s eyes narrow in recognition from the John’s recounts of his day each evening. “Sarah, this is Sherlock, my fiance.” Sherlock wrapped an arm around John, not-so-subtly flashing the ring on his left hand. Sarah’s eyes widened.
“How do you think I got Sherlock to comply with me?” Magnussen laughed softly. “He knew if you found out it would destroy your happy little family. And he would do anything to stop that from happening. I really do mean
“Yes, but I’m going to need a nice nap now.” John chuckled. “Maybe a massage first.” He added, giving Sherlock a pointed look.
Mycroft and John have a discussion.
John sighed, but seemed to stand down a little. “Right. Anything else I need to know?”
Magnussen had one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s waist, the other hand gripping his knee. Sherlock was seated crosswise on his lap, so that Magnussen could see past him at their ‘visitors’, once they arrived. He hadn’t told Sherlock who they were. It had something, surely, to do with the dress. Magnussen hadn’t told him anything about that, either, just instructed him to put it on. Sherlock wasn’t sure whether or not to be comforted by the fat that it clearly hadn’t been made for him- it cinched his waist too tightly and sagged loosely at the breast, and the hem rose awkwardly above the ankles.
(See the end of the chapter for
John followed after him. “Sherlock, are you all right? You’ve just-”
John grinned back to the now-empty room. He was definitely looking forward to the coming holidays.
Okay, I know it seems like there's a plot hole. I'll explain next chapter.
John nodded. “About that. I have an idea, if you like.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was pleased to have so smoothly gotten over the hump that was interacting directly with John’s cock. Unfortunately, this did not mean that the rest of their sexual life immediately fell into line. He was somewhat apprehensive about John touching him in return, and while John showed no impatience, Sherlock himself was fairly aching with desire. Each time he finished John he felt his own genitals throbbing in sympathy, and yet, each time John offered to return the favour, Sherlock turned him down. He had no idea how he’d react to John touching him there; he himself only did so to clean himself. Sherlock supposed he ought to rectify that, before starting anything with John. While he hated that he was keeping John waiting, he was wary of the possibility that he might start something that he would not be able to finish, leaving John hanging halfway through. Of course, John would be as wonderfully patient about it as he had been about everything else, but that was the point; Sherlock didn’t want him to have to be; so Sherlock had to be sure of himself before he let John touch him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock cuts their trip short.
Sherlock identifies the body.
. He felt John adding more lube, and then something else was pressed to his slit, slightly thicker than before. Slowly, John pushed it in, and Sherlock groaned as he realised that this one was ever so slightly ridged, the textured surface rubbing against the inside of his cock. John pushed this one as deep as before. Sherlock’s mouth fell open as he sucked in great lungfuls of air, blood rushing in his ears. John’s thumb began to rub at the head of his cock, and he jerked and moaned, feeling himself go limp as he overloaded with pleasure. Then John’s hands disappeared, and Sherlock let out a low moan. It grew louder when he felt John’s fingers at his arse, two fingers pushing into him.
Magnussen smiled. “Very clever, Mr. Holmes. Yes, we are. After all, I have been to your home many times already. It is only fair that I return the favour.”
John is insensitive when he's angry.
Sherlock nodded and slumped over to put his head on John’s shoulder, leaning on John the same way John had on him earlier that day. The position made his back hurt, but it felt good anyway, so he didn’t move.
He didn’t have the patience to get out his dildo but he imagined the feeling all the same. How different would Doctor Watson’s cock be- thicker, smoother, hotter. What sounds would he make, what would his breath feel like against the back of Sherlock’s neck? What would it be like to feel Doctor Watson's beard scraping along his spine, rubbing the sensitive flesh raw and pink?
“This isn’t really- I’m not trying to make excuses for what I said, because there are none. I shouldn’t have. But I guess I should explain why that came out. We’ve had a pretty good run of things, we’ve been this -us- for a while now, but-”
He began to sing, something they’d heard on the radio in the cab back. It was some pop song, an upbeat, thinly veiled metaphor for sex. John’s mouth was suddenly dry as a desert, his cock hard as steel. His skin suddenly felt raw and sensitive, aching for any touch. Just the scratch of his wool jumper against his skin almost made him moan aloud.
John got out the packet of lube he kept in his wallet for precisely this sort of situation, stuffing the wallet back into his pocket. He tore the packet open with his teeth, pouring about half onto his fingers before setting it aside. He laid a hand on Sherlock’s hip, and roughly shoved two fingers into Sherlock’s arse.
“Could get a massage.” He said after a moment. “They’ve got that here, apparently.”
“Good night.”
What John saw was Sherlock stopping short and shedding his coat, before emitting an inhuman shriek. As John stared in astonishment, a pair of wings burst through the back of Sherlock’s shirt filling the alleyway. The shriek was not a shriek, but a beautifully seductive song. It filled John’s head until no thought remained, only a blank, relentless desire. He’d follow that song anywhere, even through fire, or off the end of a cliff. John trailed after Sherlock in a daze as Sherlock stalked down the alleyway towards the suspect, who first froze in shock, then began stumbling towards Sherlock, irresistibly drawn in by his song. He didn’t resist as Sherlock took his wrists, snapping the handcuffs around him.
Magnussen's games are not usually as deadly as Moriarty's were, but they're both skilled at wielding suffering for Sherlock.
Scanning over the students’ final grades one last time, John clicked ‘Send’ and leaned back in his chair with a sigh. The academic year was finally officially over. John couldn’t decide if he was relieved or disappointed. He was looking forward to the month or so of rest he allowed himself before he started preparing for next term, but at the same time, he expected that he’d rather miss this batch of students; especially one student in particular…
They're so cute :>
“Sit down, Sherlock. Talk to your father.” She added, as he came down the stairs. She hustled John upstairs before Sherlock could form another retort.
John shook Sherlock’s elbow gently as the cab turned onto Baker Street. “Nearly home, Sherlock. Wake up.” He murmured.
John gripped Sherlock’s slim hips beneath his coat, tugging him close. “I thought you’d know by now that you hardly need to seduce me.”
Okay, so you've probably noticed that this is the last chapter. I just realised that a lot of what I had planned to write was kind of draggy and predictable. So I'm ending this work here. It's not the end of the series, though. I just decided that how I want to write the next bit makes more stylistic sense as a new part of the series. The pace of the story is going to change. I spent twenty-one chapters on a single week, it doesn't feel right to in the same fic start covering weeks in single chapters. So, there's more to come. Just as a sequel. It's not the end!
John sat back in his chair. “I most certainly will.” He said, already undressing Sherlock with his eyes. “Go on, then.”
Sherlock didn't reply but rather stared off into the distance, the cogs in his mind whizzing as he absently rocked Rosie. John could see the dark circles under his eyes, a strain taking toll as he tried to catalog this experience and understand his own feelings towards it. Placing his tea back down again, John rose from his seat and shuffled over to the pair. He was startled to find that Sherlock didn't even notice his presence and so decided to announce himself by speaking to him. "Go and get some sleep: Rosie's going to want to play with you later."
“I love you, too.”
John hears the footsteps come up the stairs much sooner than Sherlock, which speaks for itself. John gently pushes him away and swiftly wipes at Sherlock’s tears. He’d been crying?
He puts his phone back into his pocket, and frowns with his jaw clenched. He can put two and two together: Mary dies and Sherlock and John’s relationship goes downhill. Before her death, they could talk without words – something so intense that it made Greg slightly uncomfortable at times – and know what the other needs by glance. As Sherlock looks up at him from his seat against a brick wall, he gives in. Just like he always has for all these years.
Rosie grabs at his shoulder and grunts.
He turns back to him, eyes disciplined to look only above Sherlock’s chin, and shines the light into his eyes. John apologises when Sherlock flinches at the intrusion and is pleased to see his pupils react perfectly. He then rubs his hands together and delicately runs them around Sherlock’s chest, checking rib after rib. Sherlock’s skin is soft and warm but breaks out in goose bumps at John’s touch. John doesn’t think about it.
“Certainly missed the nagging.” Sherlock replies, the slight slurring of his words giving him away.
John stays still, feigning deep thought, whilst he watches Sherlock dramatically twirl and smile up at the ceiling, muttering his praises as he does so. This was their seventh case together and both had yet to figure out how to function as if this was the doing of just one man. John had picked up a few tactics -squinting his eyes as if considering possibilities or muttering nonsense to himself- but Sherlock was off the rails and unabashed in his childlike glee. Greg was looking expectantly for John to elaborate.
"Why did you get drunk in the first place?" John questioned, suddenly curious. Surely Sherlock could have turned down the alcohol, however persistent Greg had been.
“Did you die in here?”
Once downstairs, he saw Greg sagged back against the couch. Sherlock would usually make a snide remark on his appearance. There were a number of options open to him: the unkempt beginnings of a beard; the dark circles under his eyes; the lack of honorable posture. But Sherlock knew how Greg felt, he just about made it down here without crawling on his hands and knees. For the first time in his life, Sherlock kept his mouth closed and sat down next to him. The silence, however awkward, was better than hurting Greg's feelings, still tender from yesterday. John sensed the tension, so with little else to do, he got up and switched the kettle on for a cup of tea. Living in London, it was engraved into the center of his brain that "tea fixed every problem".
John backs away, his gun gripped uselessly in his hand, and is shocked to find a deadly calmness he hadn’t felt since running headfirst into a firing line.
Sherlock’s heart falls silent for a moment before relapsing back to its relentless drumming.
"How are you feeling today, Sherlock?" John asked innocently. Sherlock eyed John suspiciously, but quickly came to his conclusion that John's brain couldn't actually have the potential to be up to anything, so he gave an honest answer. "Better, actually. My brain is working faster than yesterday and my headache has gone away." John smiled and said "That's good. Though, I know a little trick that will help you feel like this all the time."
John tries not to jump at the unfamiliarity of another voice.
"G'night, Sherlock."
John was certain he had when he felt a pair of freezing lips against his ear.
When his eyes were met by the sight of a bed, his body was left drained of any energy to continue and so all his weight was relocated to John. What caught John's attention was how light Sherlock was despite his height.
"Alright. Okay. But I'll give you space when you need it. God, I'd bloody bow down at your feet everyday if you need me to. I'm so sorry, Sherlock" John took another break to calm down. Sherlock used the opportunity to pull John into a much needed hug, resting his chin on top of John's head.
In strode Greg Lestrade, looking a bit too jolly.
John lunges forward to crouch in front of him, grabbing at his forearms, and bumps his forehead against Sherlock’s. “I’m not mocking you.” John says, as if he could ever comprehend just how desperately Sherlock clings to the words. “Christ, I would never do that to you.”
"John, I think I sh-" but before Sherlock could finish his sentence, John had raised his hand for silence. Sherlock could tell he was struggling to breath.
"Bloody eating, you twonk! I don't understand how someone as smart as you can't see that feeding your brain works better than starving it. Now I'm going to sit here and wait for you to eat. However long it takes, Sherlock, because you know that if I have anything at all, it's patience." John finished by plonking himself in a chair in the corner of Sherlock's room.
“Clever girl!”
It sighs at him. “One moment, please.” It mutters before it stands up from the bed, walks to the window, and shifts the curtain aside to look at the street below. John can’t stop staring, even when the intense gaze of its eyes turn back to his.
Entering more hesitantly this time, Mycroft looked around with a sweeping glance, no-doubt accurately predicting what had happened the night before in every ounce of detail. When his eyes landed upon Greg, his stiff expression softened minutely and a foreign feeling of guilt bloomed within him. Yes, it was sentiment, but he would happily be on the loosing side for Greg.
Greg hears him loud and clear, taking his phone out of his pocket.
John's suddenly stern expression sorted that out quickly.
“The cases are less fun with Anderson gone.” Sherlock murmurs, eyes closed.
Later that night, John had heard Sherlock's snores echo around his bedroom. He would even go as far as to say that Mrs Hudson heard them too. Despite being kept up all night, he was ecstatic that Sherlock was finally getting some rest. He would take all the sleep deprivation in the world for that man. When the time reached eight o'clock, John got out of bed and waddled down the stairs to the kitchen. Sherlock's body wouldn't be ready to consume such a large meal after its starvation, so John stuck to making beans on toast.
Sherlock looks back down and John takes the time to stare at the flutter of long eyelashes against slightly flushed skin. He looks lovely. “I’ve been informed that I have some abnormalities.”
This was quite a familiar scenario. Sherlock was constantly trying to be anywhere John– and by extension, Rosie- wasn’t. A father’s instinct told him Rosie was missing the stupid git, a feeling shared between the Watsons, and John wasn’t having it anymore.
"Sherlock, I need to know... are you... scared of me?" John asked softly, eyes no longer being able to keep contact with Sherlock's. Sherlock sighed and ran his hands over his face. "No, John, it's just... the memory of what happened. I can't help it; I apologize. I'll get it together soon I promise, I just- please don't leave. Not yet. I just need more time!" Sherlock was sounding more and more desperate as his pleas went on. For John, it was difficult to see this man lose his composure.
Back at 221B, Sherlock was sulking. "That was tedious, humiliating-"
“About?” He manages, sitting up and swinging his legs round to rest his feet on the floor. He’s been waiting for this. He should try to stretch this gut-wrenching conversation out: give Molly enough time to arrive back at the flat with Rosie. Will John give him a chance to say goodbye to Rosie?
“I know. I saw your blog.” Sherlock clarifies, pointing at the open laptop screen. It wasn’t much of a blog: more of a record of what, when and where he eats- if at all.
John dials the number recited, the phone ringing out.
"Guess what I'm going to say next, John."
John Watson. Former British Army doctor. And if on occasion his RAMC mug moved on its own, John certainly didn’t think about it.
"It's alright, mate. Want me to tell Mycroft?"
“Sit her down on the floor.” He suggests. “She might try to stand again.”
The truth was, Greg seemed so carefree when he was drunk- more comfortable. This was exactly what Sherlock wanted to be for John. He didn't want John to get bored of him, for John to wait for weeks until he knew what Sherlock wanted from him. He wanted to be carefree. So when Greg had shoved the bottle into his face with a stupid smile, he accepted it with little thought. Whilst Sherlock was stuck in his little ring of regret, John had gotten out of bed and closed the curtains, shutting out the light that hurt his sensitive head.
Sherlock snatches up the apple and stares at it for a while and John raises an eyebrow. It’s been a week since they’ve been acquainted, and John can’t stop thinking about it. He and Sherlock Holmes, existing together.
Sherlock blinks at the sudden change of direction. This stings slightly and his precisely constructed exterior almost gives way.
Alright, maybe it was real. John hated it, whatever it was. Perhaps he wasn’t mad and there really was a, dare he say it, ghost in his room. John felt the ache of loneliness ease in his chest, thus confirming he was definitely insane.
"What is it, John?" he said impatiently with a sprinkle of irritation.
If he had asked this of Sherlock yesterday, he would’ve almost certainly declined.
John looks over his shoulder.
“It’s okay.” He says to both of them, standing up with the little girl. “She’s just a bit hungry.”
“Is that… alright?”
Sherlock stares after him - he can’t bring himself to move, blink or breath and the only reassurance he’s still alive is the heart thundering in his chest. John walks back towards him with his drink.
“Mycroft needs to learn to keep his nose out of my business. Even as children: ‘Sherlock, you and I both know Mummy doesn’t approve of roadkill in the kitchen-‘“
------Monday------
“Right.” John replies, trying desperately not to show anything in his face. It doesn’t matter: when Sherlock does look, he sees it all, anyway.
Sherlock hums. Hearing nothing in the noise, John turns to look for something in Sherlock’s face. Quite a beautiful one at that. John can’t quite stem the thoughts quick enough, the last one he acknowledges being his disbelief of Sherlock’s eyes. He finds himself feeling quite upset at the prospect that only he could be witness to this man.
“Sher-“ John manages, before his lungs force him to take another heaving breath.
"I'll try and cut down on the alcohol." Greg promised, pulling back from the hug with a smile.
Both men stare at each other, a bed between them.
“Who’s this?” A man asks tiredly.
“What’s…” He found himself asking, clearing his throat and shifting closer to it. “What’s your name?”
Sherlock's brain wasn't like most other's: it was sensitive to little things. Perhaps that's why John was so angry. Half a bottle of Smirnoff later, he could barely  process the question.
John’s at the pub, again trying to convince himself of what had transpired yesterday. He simply couldn't have invented Sherlock in his own mind: he had never met someone like this before, yet alone see reflections of Sherlock in his own head. It’s hardly his fault he causes a scene when Sherlock suddenly pops up on the stool next to him.
He looked behind him.
He walks in to see her sitting up on her own, lifting her arms up to him.
“But how?” Lestrade frowns, quite familiar with his own exasperation.
“Where are you off to?”
John leaves money on the table in reply, slides off his stool, and heads towards the door.
“You’ll be my body.”
John stood with his arms folded, an eyebrow raised. "Really?" he asked, a bit insulted that Sherlock thought he was that stupid. Sherlock stood up straighter and raised his chin, some dignity would be appreciated. "Before you have a go at me," Sherlock began "I think you should hear me out." When John made no move to cut him off, Sherlock continued. "I have been cooped up in this flat all day, you know how I get when I'm deprived for a prolonged amount of time. Just let me go to the crime scene for a while and I'll come straight back." There was a pause before he added a small "Please."
Today, however, John had had enough and decided to get an understanding as to why Sherlock was being so difficult about it. Well, more so than usual.
"Uhh...no, you can do it if you like" John said nonchalantly, but really he was focused on Sherlock's reaction to this offer. Out the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock look a bit timid, smiling sheepishly, before he went into the kitchen for the milk. All of his experiments were now kept in his room. He had cleaned the flat up two weeks before John moved back in, adamant on removing every speck of dirt from the infant's path. John smiled to himself at the thought, yet it slowly slipped away as he reflected on why Sherlock was desperate to care for Rosie. Guilt. He felt guilty for taking her mother away and was going to die trying to fill the hole he had left in her life. John knew that it wasn't Sherlock's fault, even as he beat the life out of him in Culverton Smith's morgue. When John had said that it was in fact Sherlock who had killed Mary, it was branded into Sherlock's brain.
Sherlock.
“He’ll be asleep by now.” Sherlock mutters to himself, eyes drooping. “Don’t go to sleep.” Greg warns. Sherlock opens his eyes to glare at him, but complies. His glare doesn’t falter when he sees John standing outside of Baker street with that damn worried Watson look. He’s seen that look at the announcement of his boredom, at his quietness and when he’s succumbed to his transport’s injuries. Tiresome.
“Here.” John grunts as he bends over to pick it up. “It’s fine. What’s the number?”
"This flat finally felt like home. I wasn't lonely anymore. I wasn't a...freak. I... thank you, John." Sherlock finished, looking at John's blue eyes. Sherlock, John noticed, wasn't sure what to do with himself.
John sighed, knowing he'd have to try a different approach. "Eat it and I'll give you the new information on the case. Greg phoned me an hour ago."
. Probably, John theorises, to save her from heartbreak for when John leaves him and takes her away. But Sherlock understands, now, that they are staying. That it’s okay to love them.
John swiftly kisses Mrs Hudson on the cheek and jogs down the stairs. When he reaches the street, he scratches the back of his neck and looks instinctually towards Angelo’s.
“You’ve not been happy. Have you.” John murmurs, feeling his hand warm Sherlock’s fingers. His chest aches with how much he wants to hear Sherlock laugh, see a smile in his eyes. Lately, all he’s been seeing are the eyes staring upwards from the pavement and he can’t stand it any longer. He can’t. “We can’t go on the way we have been.”
Perhaps his life had been in danger. Whenever that happens, Sherlock always gravitates closer to John. He gives in to the something both men usually resist until he feels more at ease and strong enough to back away once more. Sometimes, they both get too tired to keep pulling.
." He enunciated, getting more of Rosie's attention than before. This time she smiled up at him, flashing him the very little teeth she had. Rosie, like most babies, was very grumpy going through teething. Whenever she had trouble sleeping, Sherlock would play his violin or even read to her. Yes, they were books on the different stages of  decaying in humans but it soon got her to sleep.
"Can I have some more, please?" Sherlock repeated monotonously, glaring at John and his incessant teasing. "Of course, you idiot" John smirked. Sherlock gave a little smile back.
"I won't leave you" John said "not unless y-"
"Rosamund, can you say Sherlock?" He asked, speaking softly to her as her eyes lay wide and fixated on a curl. They momentarily flicked down to his eyes before returning to their far more interesting place on his head.
Speeding towards him to rip it from his hands, Sherlock had never moved faster in his life.
“Sorry about that. Still trying to figure that out.” Sherlock mutters, leaning against a wall and folding his arms in contemplation.
"You didn't have to. You were doing that annoying "hands on hips" pose. You only do that when you're deep in thought - a rare occasion".
John’s shoulders sag and his face reveals how tired he is. Sherlock sees this and softens his own posture.
His phone is in his hand and calling Molly.
“For God’s sake!” He grunts through gritted teeth.
Back from the clinic, smelling of disinfectant, John's feet were dragging as he yawned into the back of his hand. He looked up at the multitude of stairs, lacking the energy to so much as groan at the thought of effort, and started his journey towards the summit. He was dreading having to face Sherlock, who was currently stuck on a case. Three days in and he was no closer to solving it than when it had first been received. When this happened (which it rarely did), John would take the brunt of Sherlock's frustrations. This made John wish, despite his tired state, that his shift had lasted longer.
“That I meant it.” John clarifies, fists clenching at his sides, genuine in his patience. “I only said all that 'cause I love you.”
It was about six o'clock when John woke up. At first, he thought it was because of one of his nightmares, an occurrence that had reduced over time living with Sherlock. His chest felt heavy and ached at the pressure, so it was the only logical assumption. That was, until, he felt the tickle of hair on his neck, some arms and legs wrapped around him like a limpet to a rock. Moving his head downwards, he saw Sherlock with his forehead creased into a scowl as he tried to burrow even further into John's neck.
John raises an eyebrow. Sherlock looks away and takes a moment to get his wording in order. These people who informed him of his inadequacies had been from relationships formed during his younger drug years. He doesn’t remember much.
“Twelve.” He mumbles.
Slowly, John shifts his weight back onto both legs.
Sherlock's stomach growled loudly but both men pretended not to hear it. Sherlock, because he would not let his transport beat him, and John, because he wanted to see how long Sherlock could keep up his act. Not long by the sounds of things.
He could hear the determination in Sherlock's voice as he tried to coax her into saying his name. "Look at me, Rosie.
"Lestrade's off his face, it would've been very difficult dragging
John stares helplessly for a moment, but when he nods, Molly runs her hand over Rosie's head in goodbye and walks off back down the stairs. Rosie squeaks after her and pulls at his jumper.
“She was a wife and a mother.”
John doesn’t reply, just as tired as Sherlock, and strokes his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles.
“Why don’t you feed her?” John suggests.
"Hoo-hoo!" they heard from the door. Mrs Hudson.
"Knock yourself out." John said, not at all bothered about the outcome of this little predicament. He knew that Sherlock was probably right.
John ignored the last comment, a skill anyone would no doubt acquire being Sherlock's roommate. John hated the fact he was, actually, in deep thought. He thought about the endless piles of clutter and body parts and how much easier it would be to live in a bigger space. His only hesitation on voicing his ideas was Sherlock's reactions. Every time he even so much as hinted at the idea of moving, Sherlock had strung out a stubborn "no" in which there was no room for movement on the subject.
“It’s okay.” She says, offering a placating smile. She looks at Sherlock, who seems to be staring off into space, then back to John again. “Just… please look after him. Please.”
When he reached Sherlock's room, Sherlock was looking at his empty plate with a scowl. "I can already feel my brain slowing down, growing weaker. God, John, do you feel like this all the time?" Sherlock asked, unaware of his previous insult. John just closed his eyes and sighed. When he opened them again, Sherlock was looking sheepish.
A few hours have given the boys enough time to recover from their vulnerable conversation, and they find themselves peaceful, despite their exhaustion. Sherlock’s sat at his microscope, pretending he’s thoroughly invested in a bacterial culture to disguise how his thoughts are constantly slipping back to John. John’s sat in his chair, playing with a much more energetic Rosie, and pretending he isn’t constantly glancing at Sherlock.
"Oh for crying out loud." John sighed: this was going to be fun. Rosie was a lot like Sherlock in lots of ways, something would have to be
." Greg looked shocked and probably couldn't fully comprehend what John was even saying. He was utterly sloshed.
“You’ll have to tell them.” Sherlock says, standing up and away from John. “Lestrade w-“
John startles a bit at the sudden request, partly because Sherlock rarely requires anything from John and mostly because he’s just popped up out of nowhere with little warning. “How?”
"Sit up" John managed through gritted teeth. He had never known a genius to be so stupid. He was dealing with a stubborn man-toddler who would rather pass out from malnourishment than look after his "transport". Sherlock rolled over to his back and shielded his eyes with his forearm. "Don't want to" he mumbled, mouth barely opening wide enough to enunciate his words. "Don't "want" to or you "can't"?" John questioned with concern.
“Just repeat after me.”
"Experiment." Sherlock lied.
“You ask too many of the wrong questions. I thought you were quieter than this.” Sherlock replies, getting back onto John’s bed and closing his eyes.
“Long enough to watch you stare longingly at your gun.” Sherlock replies, narrowing his eyes at John.
“Oi.”
“Oh, don’t patronise me.” Sherlock grumbles.
“No.” Sherlock agrees, staring at his glass and trying to calculate the extent of John's sobriety.
Sherlock is used to scars. He has many of them. His knees are covered in them- products of an active childhood. His arms are littered with the marks of a drug habit, now mostly beaten. His hands are covered in them- chemical burns and other similar mishaps. His back bears whip marks, from torture sessions while undercover- at times he enjoys the whip, but in that situation, it was neither consensual nor pleasurable in any way. His torso bears only two scars, on his chest and on his abdomen- one from one of John’s lovers, and one from one of his own. It’s fitting, he supposes, and poetic, in a way, but poetry aside, he doesn’t much like either of them. They do not inspire any nostalgia in him, nor is there anything noble in how they were acquired. They serve only as reminders of his own blindness and stupidity.
Sherlock’s voice slipped into what John privately dubbed ‘Deduction Mode’, something John frequently found inappropriately arousing. “You’d known her eight months and had been dating her for six when you proposed.
Has nightmares (will possibly be less bothered by night-time violin)
John blinked. “Um, yes. I mean, no! Uh, we haven’t discussed it. This is all...new. And I don’t think Sherlock would- Hey, wonder what they’re doing? We should go down.” He turned, practically fleeing down the stairs.
All these thoughts were just a whisper in the back of Sherlock’s mind. What he really thought, consciously, was this- John gave so much to Sherlock and he did, arguably, most of the ‘work’ when it came to their sex life. He deserved to sit back and just enjoy a nice blowjob, for once.
He walked them towards the bed, toppling Sherlock backwards as he fell forwards on top of him, framing Sherlock’s lean form with his elbows and knees. He smiled down at Sherlock, leaning down to kiss him before getting up.
This fic will be more talking and less happening, unlike the last one. Bit of an interesting change, but I didn't want to be all dialogue. I hope I managed to strike a decent balance.
“Perfectly fine.” Sherlock breathed. “I like it better than you thinking about anyone else.” John had belonged to others for far too long. Now he was Sherlock’s, only Sherlock’s. The brief flare of possessiveness mingled with his arousal, making him gasp. He turned up the intensity of the vibrator a notch.
It didn’t always go like that. Sometimes, instead of letting Sherlock suck on his fingers, he would have him lap at them like a kitten, or sometimes, rarely, he’d press in deeper, pushing his fingers in until Sherlock choked and gagged. No matter what it was, it quite frequently ended pretty much the same way.
“That still doesn’t make sense. Why wouldn’t you tell me? Even more, why would you go through- all that- to keep that from me?”
Luke Davis was wrong, and Sherlock knew it. John Watson did own him, body, heart, and mind. Luke Davis was wrong, but Sherlock’s own body appeared to prove Davis right. It took less than a year for Sherlock to decide he’d had enough of that.
“You can’t.” Sherlock said simply. He should know. He’d tried to do just that for John, but that had backfired quite thoroughly.
John tucked his cock back into his trousers and stood as Sherlock hunted around for his jeans. “So. Is that it? A goodbye shag, and then you’re gone? Do I get to see you again?”
“Mm, what a lovely way to wake up.” John murmured, holding Sherlock closer. “What’s the- Oh, yes.” He opened his eyes, smiling up at his lover. “Happy Anniversary.”
“I love how much you love it, when you suck me.” John murmured. The way you look- utterly perfect. I’m such a lucky, lucky man. To have such a gorgeous, devoted, slutty little submissive. God, I love you so much.”
The drive over to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital took an agonizing two hours. John napped against Sherlock’s shoulder as Sherlock stared out the window, absently noting that they were taking almost exactly the same route that Magnussen had taken driving then up to Appledore. It was difficult to believe that had only been yesterday. So much had happened since then. Sherlock still wasn’t sure how he felt about that. Yesterday he’d faced a life filled with humiliation and rape. Today, he was free, but his brother was dead. If he could choose, would he take that suffering to keep Mycroft alive? Of course he would. Then why did he feel relieved? He was relieved that Magnussen was dead. He was even relieved that it was not John who had been shot. Which was terrible, awful. He shouldn’t feel relieved that his brother had thrown himself in front of a bullet. He was a horrible brother for even thinking that, and he didn’t deserve to be sad about it as well.
John nodded gratefully, scrambling to his feet. The centaur walked with him through the forest, until he could see the lights from Nana’s house up ahead.
John was still asleep beside him, although Sherlock could tell by John’s breathing that he wasn’t far from being awake himself. Sherlock decided to help him along a little. He swung one leg over John, straddling his lap. He leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s. He kept the kiss light at first, just feeling John’s warm, dry lips against his. When John remained annoyingly unresponsive, he switched it up a little, nipping and licking and nuzzling affectionately. Soon, John began to stir, arms instinctively wrapping around Sherlock and mouth moving with his even before he was properly awake.
Sherlock has a shower.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
They still need to talk about Mary
“Are you really sure about this, Sherlock? No going back from this.”
“The blindfold, please.” He said.
“John.” He called out, but John was already gone.
She nodded. “He did. I won’t tell you what, but I suppose you deserve to know what he wanted of me.”
John blinked in surprise. “You got me a present?” He hadn’t been expecting that, what with how things had all gone to shit in the last week. That wasn’t even counting the hell Sherlock had been going through before that.
“The human settlement is not too far. I shall walk with you.”
That was the closest John came to a giant, though they were supposedly quite common in the mountainous regions of Afghanistan. Most would probably be relieved about that, but John was honestly a little disappointed.
“Mummy, perhaps we should go in? I expect John is getting rather cold.” Sherlock said, after bearing the hug for several moments.
More hanging out in bed and talking. Beds and cabs. That's where all the best conversations happen.
“Well,” said Sherlock, picking his words carefully, “there’s no reason we have to do it all at once. After all, we have the rest of our lives.”
I know, this is upsettingly short considering the length of the first chapter. The unevenness disturbs me too, but it was just such a good stopping point.
John frowned. “Why would he want that?”
Sherlock resumed his frantic kicking, terror filling him as he realised where this was going. Magnussen only smiled, holding Sherlock tighter.
John might have continued on, living with Sherlock and imagining that he was nothing more than an extraordinary but ultimately human human being, and Sherlock would have been happy to let him, except that occasionally, the powers he’d inherited came in quite useful on cases.
times to tell me
Sherlock stopped short at the door, blinking in surprise. The room had been repapered, now a soothing blue and purple, and he could see that his bed had been replaced, though it was similar, a solid hardwood frame. As promised, all this things remained in place, his periodic table and his bee drawing, and everything else all more or less where he’d left them.
Sherlock just shrugged, and John sighed softly, crossing over to the sofa and sitting down. He patted the seat beside him, and Sherlock sat down, looking tense and uncomfortable.
“Do you want to come now?” He asked Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
They rarely had these arguments anymore. Nowadays, Sherlock usually had the sensitivity to notice when a softer approach was needed, and on the occasions when he misstepped, John tended to be more understanding about it. This time, though, neither of them were really in a good frame of mind. Sherlock had been on edge all week, distracted and moody. It took John ages to get Sherlock down, and even when he did, it didn’t seem to pull him out of his funk for long. This in turn made  John feel impotent and frustrated, and so the whole atmosphere in the flat had been sour even before this disaster of a case.
Doctor (useful for avoiding clinics, though tremor means he can’t suture. Might also have reference books I can borrow.)
Thinking fast was Mycroft’s specialty; moving fast was not. It was fortunate that Mycroft did not have far to move. Split second decision made, Mycroft leapt without hesitation, putting himself between John Watson and the oncoming bullet.
“Fuck no, you bastard. You don’t get to do this. Stand up and talk to me like an adult.” He growled.
A pair of polished black dress shoes appeared in his field of vision. “I’m not yet done with you today, Mr. Holmes.” Magnussen’s voice sounded from above him.
John checks in.
Finally, an update! I know, it's been months. I hope someone is still reading this... I promise, that hiatus was a fluke. I won't disappear for that long again. Probably.
“Let’s go home, John.” He murmured.
Magnussen continues to be creepy. Sherlock is still not having fun.
Ahh, clever John! I hate it when people write John as bumbling or idiotic because he's not! He's very smart! Sherlock's brilliant, but John is also an intelligent man and I think it's important to respect and represent that when writing him as a character.
“Would you sit?” She gestured towards the sofa.
By the time John sat back to admire his handiwork, Sherlock was sweaty and glassy-eyed, his thighs rubbed red and raw from John’s beard, and his cock was leaking so much that his precome was dripping into his dark thatch of pubic hair, more of it dribbling out of his slit as John watched.
“How’re you feeling, love?” John asked as he uncuffed Sherlock from the bed, briefly massaging Sherlock’s hands and feet to get blood flowing.
“Of course you’ve been counting.” He said fondly. “Alright, not hundreds, but close. My point, anyway, is that we’ve had many kisses, all of which have been wonderful, by the way.”
The centaur nodded at him, and then silently melted back into the shadows.
Slowly, painfully, hating himself, Sherlock stretched out his arm.
Sherlock frowned. “Most say I resemble my father more.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Then perhaps you should.” He rose from his chair, slinking gracefully towards John. “What you heard earlier was my truesong, my most powerful song. I need to be in my true form to produce it. But any song I produce has some power.”
“It’s been a long time, hm?” John murmured.
He swept into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
John watched Sherlock take it all in with a patient smile, content to just be standing there, gazing up at Sherlock. He looked ethereally beautiful in that moment, even more so than usual, backlit by soft orange lights, eyes bright, his breath escaping his mouth in frozen wisps.
“Thanks, Molly.” He says, instinctively taking Rosie’s hand. Molly just shakes her head, and holds Rosie out to him, knowing she won’t be invited in. John doesn’t feel his gratitude comes across at all, but as he holds his daughter, he finds himself too bone weary to convince her otherwise. He needs to do better.
Sherlock couldn't be bothered to prolong the inevitable and so he muttered a bratty "Fine" before shoving his spoon into the porridge. John was shocked at how easy it was and suddenly felt embarrassed about his over the top outburst. He was happy though: if something other than negotiating could make Sherlock eat, then there was hope that Sherlock could realize his body was more than just "transport".
Whilst John goes through his kit to find a torch, Sherlock unbuttons his shirt rather self-consciously. This isn’t the first time John has seen him shirtless. John doesn’t think about it.
He got out of his armchair, walking past Mrs Hudson who was holding Rosie, and reached towards Sherlock.
"CanIhavesomemoreplease?" Sherlock murmured quickly. John was all too aware of what Sherlock had just asked and decided to string out his victory.
“Who do you have, Sherlock?” John asks tiredly, his eyes closed.
Sherlock couldn't get enough of her laugh. He often memorized the sound to play in his mind palace for when he's away on a case and hasn't seen her for a while. When it's a particularly long case and Sherlock is away from the flat for days at a time, John would often call him on video chat so he could see her. "This is ridiculous, John." Sherlock would say, but John knew better.
At Sherlock’s “Greg, please!”, Greg finally looks down at the man sat at his feet. In the headlight of a police car, he could see blood matted in the hair behind his ear, dribbling slowly down his face, neck and blooming into the shirt underneath his Belstaff. Sherlock’s eyes shine with genuine pleading.
“This is getting boring now.” It barely opens its eyes, unimpressed by John’s display. “Say something. Scream.”
He then walks to the door, wiping surreptitiously at his own eyes, and opens it just as Molly reaches her hand out to knock.
"Christ" John swore, his throat tightening, "I really am like my dad aren't I?". When he saw Sherlock about to object, he interrupted him with an almost inaudible "no".
Sherlock certainly hadn’t forgotten the remark and decides to retaliate whilst John natters about something or other with Lestrade. He strides over and kisses John’s cheek, making sure to linger in his personal space and listen to him stammer.
Just then, the door creaked open to reveal a very grim Mycroft Holmes.
He can’t help but lean against Sherlock’s arm, smiling when he feels Sherlock lean back.
“I thought these days were behind us.” John smiles feebly when he hears the front door close. He walks over to Sherlock and tilts his head back to get a better look in the dingy kitchen light. He rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John sighed but started again. "Wouldn't it be nicer to live in a bigger space? Maybe a building with fewer stairs- I'm not getting any younger. An area with more crime, perhaps?" John suggested, trying to appeal to Sherlock's better nature. This time, however, Sherlock looked a bit...deflated?
Just as he was trained, he thrust his anxiousness to the back of his head letting "Doctor John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers" take charge.
When he closes the door, he catches Sherlock staring at Rosie. Sherlock quickly looks away, as if John would disapprove of the pure adoration he saw in Sherlock’s eyes. It was as if he had never expected to see her again.
"Goodnight."
After the bowl had been scraped clean, John took it from him and began to leave the room.
"It's alright." John replied, watching Sherlock closely. "We just have to take it easy for a while".
John wakes himself up by screaming. His chest burns as if he hasn’t been breathing and his shirt clings to his skin. He finds himself flung back into his surroundings by the piercing wail of his daughter.
They were happy.
"Sorry, what was that?"
Deciding he should let Sherlock have his moment with her, he continued to make the tea, tip-toeing around the kitchen as he did so. The only other time Sherlock had ever held Rosie was when she was ill, irritable and missing John (who was out at the time) and so he took it upon himself to comfort the child as best he could. Sherlock wasn't aware that John knew this little fact. He never would have either if it wasn't for Mrs Hudson who had happened to walk in on them together. "You should have seen it, John." She had said. "He was so gentle with her."
Back from the clinic, John walked up the stairs. There was an emergency and they were short on staff- John went willingly. Towards the top of the stairs, he heard a chorus of off-key singing.
Something needed to be done about that.
He placed his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, an act done as to innocently alert Sherlock to his presence, yet Sherlock immediately flinched away. Flinched. He hunched his shoulders, his sudden jump away from John's touch knocking his music stand over. Both men's eyes were left wide and unmoving from each other.
With the plate in his hand, he shuffled towards Sherlock's bedroom, peeking his head around the door. He saw Sherlock sat upright in his bed looking much less pale. To stop himself being caught lurking, he knocked twice and walked towards the bed. Sherlock looked quite happy to see John. Temporarily of course, for when he laid eyes on the food in John's hands his expression crashed into a scowl and he stubbornly turned his head away, arms crossed.
John crouches down to Sherlock's eye level and leans forwards until his lips meet Sherlock’s forehead. He stays there, feeling the soft skin and enjoying the warmth of Sherlock’s breath against his throat, before standing up and walking to their room.
Rosie looks up at John and smiles. She seems a bit restless, grabbing at his hands and jumper. Until now, all Rosie has been doing is crawling and sitting up on her own. So when John sees her try and pull herself up to stand, losing her balance on the way there, John is overcome with emotion:
John leaps away and to his gun, snatching it up from its place on the desk, and spins back around to find a man lying languorously on his bed. He would have thought it an intruder had its hair not blown about its ears in the stillness of the room and its skin look as pale as that of a corpse.
“Who’s that?” John whispers to Rosie, smiling when he sees her grabbing towards Sherlock.
“I can’t just waltz in there.” John frowns. “What if you bugger off in the middle of the investigation, or whatever?”
When Sherlock decides he’s not being teased, he takes a sip of his own drink. “I’m not what people look for.”
Sherlock freezes before he could hide it, yet smoothly gets under the covers as if he had never given himself away. He lies down facing away from John.
Sherlock had been holding Rosie with his back to John. He swore he saw Sherlock rest his nose against the top of her head, his eyes closed. What the hell had happened to him on that case?
He wishes he is convinced when Sherlock nods.
"What's wrong?" John asked.
“I think she’s coming down with something, actually.” John replies, concentrating and feeling for any cracks. He leans back when he feels none, only now noticing how far back he has to lean to be an appropriate distance away. Walking to the sink, he wets a cloth and makes sure to fill a bowl with warm water. He sets it next to Sherlock on the table.
“And we’re not getting any younger.”
Sherlock understands that it’s the alcohol that made John say those things, last night. He doesn’t want to lead Sherlock on, so he’s getting rid of it all- never to make the same mistake again. It’s a mercy for Sherlock’s overly vulnerable, unrequited feelings. John is rightly keeping him at arm’s l-
Sherlock was resting his head in John's lap, staring at the ceiling. The discussion they were having was about nothing in particular but both men were happy to be spending time together. Two weeks into their new relationship and they were still just testing the waters, giving Sherlock time to think about what he wanted from John. John completely understood: Sherlock had been alone for most of his life and a relationship was a huge change for him. For now, they were both just content with John running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. Just as they were reminiscing about their favorite cases together, Mrs Hudson popped her head through the door with a sorry expression on her face.
This was but an impression of a man. It wore a suit, one sleeve rolled up and held there by a tourniquet, and was clearly very pleased with itself.
John sat back down with his hands raised. "Alright, alright" he said, slightly annoyed at Lestrade's intrusion. That was the most intimate position he had been in with Sherlock since their relationship had started, now he had to cut it short to sober up a drunk man. But he could see Greg was upset: he owed Greg for being there for him when he needed it.
“Of course, I’m not. I have yet to find out the logistics or if it’s even possible.” Sherlock replies, aggravated every time John’s mental capabilities lag behind his own.
“Shirt.” John instructs.
"... and then I can't remember the rest."
Sherlock’s gone again.
Sherlock fanes confusion and dares to look John in the eye, but he knows exactly what John is referring too.
"Eat it."
"Yep." John remarked, purposefully putting emphasis on the "p", mimicking Sherlock.
Now, Rosie’s face is red from screaming and she won’t stop. “Shh, please, Rosie.” John tries, bouncing the little girl up and down softly and rubbing her back. This worsens her screams and John tries not to need Sherlock to come back. He can do this on his own. He can cope today. He instead tries putting her down in her rocker and giving her space. It’s not working. It’s not working.
“Don’t say that.” John closes his eyes.
John… John is- John is- He must be making fun of him! That has to be it. That has to be. John can’t mean what he’s just said. How could he say that to a man who killed his wife? Left his daughter motherless because he couldn’t shut up. He never keeps his mouth
'?" He teased.
Sherlock looked up at John and nodded, holding her out to him once more. John took her carefully as to not knock her from her sleepy state. She adjusted quickly, her hand grabbing at one of John's buttons as she pressed her nose into his chest. After Sherlock watched them for a moment, a small smile hanging from his lips, he got up and started his journey towards his bed. Just outside his bedroom door, he stopped and turned towards John.
John kisses Sherlock’s shoulder. “We should go away for a bit.”
John immediately hangs up and rubs his palm against his forehead.
“What time is it?” Sherlock croaks, startling John from the silence. John couldn’t care if he tried but checks his phone anyway.
“So are you.”
“No. You’re not.” He replies.
Sherlock shot up. "Are you going to cheat on me?!" He cried, not looking directly at John as his eyes followed the spinning walls of the room. "No, love. Just go to sleep." he soothed, gently pushing him back down and kissing him on the forehead. Sherlock began to snore almost instantaneously.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand where it lies on his stomach. John knows that Sherlock probably isn’t ready for that yet, as if being his usual whirlwind self will push John into walking out, but there is such an overwhelming relief in just simply talking again. They’ve been starved of this for too long.
Rosie squeals with laughter and attempts to clap her hands. She could sense her father's playfulness and enjoyed Sherlock's retorts just as much as John did.  She may not have understood them, but she loved to watch her boys tease one another.
John sighs. “God, thank you.” He sets Rosie down in her high-chair and cringes at her unhappy cry.
Sherlock watches John from the sofa, his heart noticeably thumping in his chest. He’s perfectly still, lest any movement catch John’s eye. If he stayed like this, invisible to the world, would John forget he existed? It would certainly put an end to his prolonged suffering, would finally give an answer to the all-consuming question
"Yes, thank you. No sugar." Sherlock replied, distracting John from ruining this experiment, before focusing once again on Rosie. He had now taken her full interest and decided using her nickname would help him to achieve desired results. "Come on, sweetie, it's me. Who am I?" He asked, almost whispering. He saw her eyebrows crease for a moment as if she was carefully considering what he was asking of her. She stared at him for a while, Sherlock almost giving up, before she opened her mouth.
“Yes.” Sherlock cuts in, preserving the scraps of John’s dignity. “I don’t sleep in there much anyway.”
"Come to bargain?" Sherlock asked, not looking up from his phone.
It’s moved again.
“What’s the matter, sweetheart?” John asks her, kissing her head. “Hm?”
"We're not taking any clients today." John smiled, continuing to toy with a particularly springy curl.
“It definitely isn’t.”
Greg then turned to see Sherlock glaring. "Now that that's taken care of," Sherlock began, "me and John would like to get back to our previous domesticity, so if you wouldn't mind-"
John pushes determinedly away from the table and walks to his bottle of whiskey, trying desperately to conceal his limp. Sherlock gets up and walks over to him, quietly fetching a glass of his own, which John ignores. They both take their drinks back to their adjacent chairs and sip quietly, John holding his gaze away from Sherlock.
Just then, Sherlock came prancing over, swaying slightly before regaining his balance, and put his hand on John's shoulder. "John, look at me 'm fine." he said, spinning slowly to give John the full view of him. Folding his arms, he gave Sherlock a stern look. "What's the first element of the periodic table?" he asked, skeptical.
“Christ, she’ll be running circles round us soon.” John smiles, watching as Rosie loses interest in her recent achievement and instead listens intently to the noises coming from the TV. Sherlock takes a minute to savour John’s words –
When the clock chimed seven, Sherlock sat down at the kitchen table and ate his cereal obediently. This was to insure that John assumed he would behave the rest of the day, a fatal assumption. Half an hour before the clock chimed twelve, Sherlock was hurriedly putting on his Belstaff in an attempt to flee whilst John was distracted in the kitchen. As he tip-toed across the floor, one of the floorboards groaned under his weight.
"People are stupid, certainly not capable of predicting the future." It gave John a tight smile.
John had his head tipped back against the wall and was pulling at curls until they sprang away again. He thinks what he feels is love.
“I reckon you’re sticking around for longer, too.” John adds.
“So will you?”
He then stands away from John, to admire his reddening face. And when they walk away from the crime scene and John swears at him under his breath, Sherlock might as well have been skipping home.
- - -
Nearing the top of the stairs, he frowned at the lack of noise. There were usually a sequence of footsteps- Sherlock pacing around the flat. Even just the clatter of a petri dish being thrown to the floor after yet another bacteria culture had failed to give him the answers. John's tiredness was now long forgotten having been consumed by his growing feeling of something not being right. Dashing through the doorway, head snapping around for just one indication of danger, his eyes landed upon a mop of curls on the floor. Sherlock's limp body was just a few steps away from his chair.
Sherlock slowly sits down with her on the sofa, watching her head rise and fall with each of his breaths. He tries to shallow his breathing so she wouldn’t be jostled too much and runs his hand up and down her back.
When Sherlock does get home, he doesn’t ask why Rosie isn’t here. This isn’t the first time.
"If you don't look after yourself, who's going to stop the murderers? You need to put yourself first for once." At this, Sherlock scoffed. "I'm not doing this "for the people", John. I'm doing it for the thrill of the chase, the adrenaline: it gives me a high stronger than any drug I've ever taken. I'm not a hero, I'm a very tired man who needs to sleep now, so piss off".
Sherlock doesn’t move. “Goodnight, John.” John forcefully turns his lamp back on.
“George.” Sherlock warns. This makes Greg smirk, both men knowing that doesn’t work anymore. He scrolls through his contacts.
“A detective at Scotland Yard.” Sherlock holds out his hand again. “Give me your phone.”
John gets out of bed, enjoying the newfound strength in his leg, and reaches out his hand to Sherlock. Sherlock looks startled for a moment before reaching out, himself.
Mycroft was so lost in his speech, desperation to gain forgiveness from Greg meant his brain had missed the smile on Greg's face as he spoke. He also didn't anticipate him rising from his seat and wobbling over to him, still a bit light-headed. Greg knew that Mycroft was trying, and that's all he needed.
"Why not, Sherlock? Talk to me" John encouraged, using a soft tone to calm him down. "I don't really...talk about it, John" Sherlock replied, head still angled to the floor. "Now seems like a good time to start, Love" John said with a soft smile. Inside he was jumping around, high on the thrill of actually getting something out of Sherlock.
try and get him under the covers, but that was too much detective for him to move at this time of night. Instead, he closed his eyes and enjoyed the quiet.
John stopped smiling, however, when he saw Sherlock wince. Pushing all jokes aside, he marched up to the bed and examined Sherlock. "What's wrong? Are you in any pain?". Sherlock nodded, holding a hand against the bruise on his head. "Headache" he complained, screwing his eyes shut. "Alright, it's okay." John reassured as he rushed to close the curtains. "Better?" John urged after returning to his side. Sherlock nodded and muttered a "Thank you".
John just blames it on his sanity peeling away, expected of a soldier who’s spent too much time in war. Maybe if he allows his eyes to linger on it, he’ll catch it in the act and speed along his journey to madness.
Sherlock frowns sincerely this time: John was talking.
"Yeah, sorry about that. I'm just calling to say" John turns to look at Sherlock, directing this to him more than anyone "that Sherlock is off the case."
John steps back and scoffs in disbelief with a smirk that was rapidly slipping from his face. Mycroft’s face briefly resembles something close to an afterthought of sympathy. “I suspect there is a lot more going on in that head of his than he is letting on.” Mycroft closes his eyes and sighs. “Talk to him. Please.”
John doesn’t move his hand away when Sherlock jumps at the sudden contact and it hurts him more than he can currently process. “You’re alright.” John soothes, squeezing his shoulder softly with another worried frown. He could see the wound wasn’t too deep and went about cleaning it using alcohol wipes from his first aid kit. “I think we might get away with taping it up. Did you pass out or feel sick or anything?”
"Now that's Sherlock." John thought to himself, a smile broadening on his face.
"Call me when you've finished." John told him, not wanting to over stay his welcome.
Sherlock turns his head sharply towards John, the hair that was blowing softly around his face now shifting more forcefully, as if manipulated by hurricane. John wasn’t scared.
“Don’t let Rosie see me.” Sherlock murmurs to John when he finally catches up, looking worriedly upwards in the direction of her room. John thanks Lestrade, and when Sherlock isn’t looking, Greg mimes to John that he’ll call him later. John nods.
“John?” Molly asks, on edge at the sound of Rosie’s cries.
“For God’s sake.” Sherlock grunts, flinging open the car door and pretending it didn’t take the effort it did. He walks past John without acknowledgment and storms up the stairs. Knowing he was out of view of his worried blogger, he slows down and wobbles to the kitchen stools- his usual pitstop for when he needs John to patch him up. They don’t really do this much anymore and he is glad for it- John had a child to prioritise now and Sherlock hated himself for getting in the way of that.
“Oh uh… just amazed at how clever it is.” John lies, before speaking to Sherlock’s general vicinity. “Sorry if I’m being a twat.”
John just stares at him, compelling him to continue.
"I'm just going to phone Lestrade" John said absentmindedly. Sherlock, however, after many attempts at bolting upright at the news, flopped back down again and scowled. "Why? I'll be fine in the morning." Sherlock asked, the exasperation in his voice clearly using up the little energy he was clinging to for consciousness. John didn't respond but rather held the phone up to his ear. After two rings, Greg picked up the phone.
“We should actually…” John grimaces. “Talk. I think.”
Sherlock stops tugging at his hair when he feels John gently pull his hands away. He feels so wrong footed that he’s sure he’s got it wrong. Surely, he’s convinced himself that this is actually real. God, please say this is real. Please. Please.
John could hear the hatred in Sherlock's voice as he spat his brother's name out like a mouthful of sand. "Would it kill you to just admit that you love him?"
“Go.” John mutters, starting the timer on his phone.
"No."
“That’s amazing, sweetheart!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes then glared at him. "Oh, don't think too much of it." he said, "He manipulated me into saying it." Sherlock had an abnormally strong memory and could remember the day down to its last detail. Mycroft had sat Sherlock down and repeated the word until Sherlock had indulged him -something Mycroft could forever hold against him. He would use it at any chance he could get, the most recent one being "Let's not forget how much you love me, brother mine. What
He couldn't recall how long it had been, but their moment together was dismantled by the sound of Greg retching in the bathroom. Being a doctor, John wasn't too put off by it. What put him off was leaving Sherlock when he had just got him to unwind. He slowly sat up, Sherlock sitting up with him as if glued to his chest. After coaxing him off he gently lay him back down again, concerned when the detective started to shiver. Without hesitation, he started to wind the covers around Sherlock. He looked like an angry, little hurricane- Sherlock's agitated expression being the eye of the storm. "I'll be back soon, don't worry." John encouraged before running out of the bedroom and down to the bathroom. He got there just in time to see Greg hobbling out through the door with a gloomy face.
“Oh.” She says, awkwardly moving her hand away. John smiles, but she doesn’t buy it. All she sees are his reddened eyes he had obviously tried to hide and the exhausted slop of Sherlock’s shoulders, who still hasn’t turned around to acknowledge her. The tension is broken when a sleepy Rosie reaches towards her father.
Sherlock cleared his throat and looked up a fraction. "My addiction got worse. I had to start...doing things for money. I'm not proud of it. Mycroft found me. I was high at the time but I recalled the concerned look on his face. A rare "brotherly display of affection"" Sherlock scoffed, but continued. "I hate to admit it but... I was so thankful. After years of frustration and emotional baggage, I got clean. Well...clean enough to survive on my own. He set me up in a flat, this one, actually. Something still didn't seem right, though. Something was empty inside me. A hole no "7% solution" could fill, if you will". Sherlock paused to roll his eyes at how pathetically poetic that sounded, but stopped when it reminded him of John and his romanticizing. He smiled instead. "That was until a single army doctor stumbled into my life, uttering mundane little "Fantastic"'s and "Amazing"'s".
When John comes back to himself, it’s to people staring at him, concerned for their own safety. They can’t see Sherlock, then.
want to." he grumbled before seating himself on the coffee table, knocking over a mug. He obviously thought it was a chair. "I'll get him some water." Sherlock said out of the blue, dashing away. John eyed the back of his head suspiciously.
John didn't answer. Instead, not wanting to pull Sherlock off and so waiting for him to finish his hug, he marched right up to Greg and snatched the bottle out of his hand. John knew that Greg wasn't really thinking clearly, but he was so angry he couldn't care less. "Are you half-baked? You know Sherlock is sensitive to addictive substances like this!" John shouted. He remembered Sherlock telling him about his brain getting easily addicted to things. That was shown through his smoking and... other things. "If this gets out of hand, I'll be blaming
“Damn.” Sherlock mutters to himself.
"We're quite the mess, aren't we?" Sherlock whispered through a sad smile, hand rubbing up and down John's back. John's body sunk further into Sherlock's, exhaustion taking over as he pushed into the warmth of Sherlock's chest. That's when he remembered himself and reluctantly broke apart from Sherlock.
, now. That's how it's supposed to be." When Sherlock dropped his head, swallowing the lump in throat, John said "Please look at me, Sherlock". When he did, John continued. "I just wanted you to feel what I felt, and that was selfish, Sherlock. I won't ever forgive myself. Ever." John breathed out again, getting a grip on his emotions. This was especially difficult when he realized that if he was Sherlock, he wouldn't forgive himself either.
"Dadda."
He hears a shuffle on the other side of the phone. “I’ll be right there.” She says calmly. He doesn’t have it in him to thank her and instead just hangs up. He walks past Rosie and into the kitchen, his chest tightening around his lungs and his ears ringing from the assault. He pours himself a drink, carries it to his chair, and swallows it down until Molly comes and does the job of the father he fails to be.
John was his.
Greg frowns again, getting a bit impatient with the strange antics of the man. Sherlock seems to remember himself and quickly passes on his deductions to John, who then shares them with Greg.
John smiles and looks at Sherlock, hearing the question there anyway. “You do.” He says, then gulps back the rest of his drink. He dumps the empty glass on the arm of his chair. “That’s not what I meant, though.”
Despite the numerous insults, John wasn’t so much of an idiot that he couldn’t see what was happening. He had just reached the top of the stairs, a tired Rosie on his hip, when he spots Sherlock shrug on his coat.
No longer bed-bound, Sherlock was all over the flat doing his usual clattering about. John didn't want him to revert back to old habits, so he purchased a clock that would chime at seven, twelve and six- breakfast, lunch and dinner. Sherlock had tried to destroy it several times during the day, but John would slap the pipette of chemicals out of his hand or hide his gun to stop him trying to shoot at it again.
"And you're not... angry?" Sherlock frowned, a little confused. John was so frustrated; he couldn't get it into Sherlock's head that he was wanted in this family- by every member apparently. He couldn't remember a time when Sherlock hadn't been in his life.
And now will come the inevitable rejection. Things have grown too awkward between them. They've come to a natural end. Hearing John’s rejection will scrape away at any scrap of light left in him, but he also won't want to forget what could possibly be their last conversation.
"Th'winner takes itaaaaaall!" At this, John stopped to listen closer. He could have sworn he heard two voices. "Beside the victory! Tha's 'er destiny!".
"I've come to see little Rosie" she said, already making it half-way across the living room towards her. "I think she's missed you" John smiled then looked towards Sherlock, who had his back turned to them, looking down at the street below. John frowned; he looked a little lost.
"Why don't you make her say 'John'? Why do you get to be the first word?" John teased, enjoying this little show between the two. He secretly loved the idea of 'Sherlock' being her first word. It was something that he could share with Rosie; it would make him feel more important to her (even though, in John's opinion, he was already placed quite high on Rosie's pedestal.)
“This is the third time this week.” Sherlock points out, hesitantly.
Sherlock goes out the next day to tie up the loose ends of the case. That’s what John was told, but he knows he probably irritated Sherlock by waking him up every half an hour to check for brain damage, annoying him so much so the man had fled from the flat.
They never spoke of it again.
Tomorrow was going to be fun.
"We couldn't all be intellectual babies. What was your first word then? Murder? Bored?" John asked, smiling at the thought of Sherlock as a baby. He could probably read and write in Latin at the age of two- a far stretch but he had learned to overestimate when it came to Sherlock.
"Sherlock, you need to keep you eyes open, don't go to sleep. Looks like you've hit your head." John muttered whilst examining the tender, purple bruise above his right eyebrow. Shining the torch in both eyes, he was relieved to see his pupils reduce in size, blocking out the intruding light.
“I’m here to experiment.” Sherlock declares. “Do I look translucent to you, or opaque?”
John finally looks away.
"-no" Sherlock rushed, cutting him off. That just wasn't an option.
John is reassured that he didn’t make him up, the newspaper photos aligning to what he currently sees over his shoulder, but is weary to the fact that there is nothing about the man’s death.
John gently pulled them until they were laying down, Sherlock using John's chest as a pillow. He grabbed the remote off the coffee table and turned on the TV to watch crap telly. It was nothing but white noise to them- they much rather preferred the feel of each other's heartbeats and the comfort of their intertwined legs.
Sherlock drops his gaze to his feet but quickly looks back up to a choking John. Coughing the inhaled smoke from his lungs, John throws the cigarette into a nearby puddle, extinguishing it immediately.
Sherlock sits on the bed with his back to John, who was already under the duvet and watching Sherlock with a scowl.
“My parents own a cottage in Sussex.” Sherlock tells him, eyes drooping closed before he can stop them. He hears John’s chest rumble with a small chuckle and it makes him smile: he feels at rest after so long. John could cry when he feels that same smile against his chest.
Sherlock watches John as he leaves before picking the frightened child up from her cot, shushing her and swaying from side to side. Sherlock takes a breath to steady himself, needing to be calm himself if he wants the same for Rosie.
Just as Greg was gulping down his water, some dripping off his chin, John got a text. Sherlock frowned at John's sigh. "Oh no. It's the clinic. I've got to go in and sort something out. I won't be long." John promised, attempting to reassure a panicked Sherlock before getting up and putting his coat on. "You'll be fine, love." John smiled before quickly pecking his lips and running off downstairs.
He pulls a stool closer, sits with his legs almost brushing Sherlock’s, and begins to wash away the blood. He tries to hide his shaking hands by doing the job quickly, but he could see Sherlock watching out of the corner of his eye. Both men know he can’t stand Sherlock’s blood, and both know that Sherlock does in fact remember exactly how it got there.
"Gregory. I... apologize for what I said." He began, using all self-control within him to keep eye contact with Greg. "To help you cope with the stress of work, I have instructed my men to drive you to and fro whenever you need in order to decrease time during a case. I have also decided to be absent from work on Fridays, giving you a day to uncoil with me instead of.... on your own." He said with his head held high, although the guilt was aching in his chest. "In addition, I bo-" but Mycroft was cut off by Greg's strong arms around his neck, hugging him as Mycroft stood stiffly.
Walking into Sherlock's room with a bowl of porridge, he saw Sherlock texting on his phone. His bruise had started to clear away and the dark circles under his eyes began to retreat.
Greg sighs and swears he feels his hair grey. “I’ll drive you home.”
“Oh, John.” Mrs Hudson turns to him hurriedly. “Sherlock’s just gone out doing that sad look he does. See if he’s alright, I’ll look after little Rosie.”
He spots him smoking, his back resting against a wall, and so John starts walking swiftly towards him. Sherlock watches his approach, practically wolfing his cigarette down now. When John stops in front of him, he stares at Sherlock for a moment, before taking the cigarette out of his fingers.
He was just existing in this grey, empty box for no discernible reason. It’s understandable when his eyes sometimes shift towards his gun as they are doing now. The scrape of clay against wood startles his gaze to shift towards his mug, instead.
John stares at it, before making his decision and reaching for the hand offered. His hand goes straight through it.
Sherlock’s eyes move back to John’s and then to John’s gun, where they remain.
“His recent online activity suggests he is currently looking for a new flat.” Mycroft says, his grip tightening on his umbrella.
“Yeah.” John rushes, linking his hands behind his neck and trying to hide his face.
After staring at the door John had just exited through, he slowly turned to face Greg... or rather, what he had to deal with on his own. He was startled to find that Greg had moved from his seat/coffee table to Sherlock's violin, plucking at it harshly.
------Sunday-------
“No.” John frowns, not at all convinced. “You’re too smart for a mistake like that.”
After an awkward silence, Greg had made up his mind. "
Running two steps at a time, he burst in to see Greg holding -what used to be- John's -now very much empty- bottle of Smirnoff in the air with Sherlock behind him, both screaming the lyrics. John was only gone for forty-five minutes and already his problems had doubled. Literally. When Sherlock turned to look at the source of the angry heavy breathing, his face lit up and he ran to John, squeezing John's middle with all his might. "I missed you so much, John! Where were you?"
“No one for you to torment?” John smiles, running his hand along Sherlock’s cold arm. Sherlock hums in agreement. John presses his face to the back of Sherlock’s neck. “You can torment me, then. You haven’t done that in a while.”
A vague love confession, a kiss and a goodnight within just one small moment in time.
“John, I need a case.” Sherlock says, pacing restlessly. “Will you help?”
John huffs. “I’m dreading it.”
John feels Sherlock's hum of agreement and recognises it as one of Sherlock’s tired ones.
Sherlock freezes for a moment, before he slowly stands up again, eyes never leaving John’s.
"John." He heard in the distance and smiled at how he could hear the pout in Sherlock's voice.
"John, there is no doubt in my mind that I am the most stubborn man you've ever come across and I know you're doing this because you" eye roll "care about me, so...thank you."
He grabs Sherlock under his elbow and helps him to his unsteady feet. Sherlock opens his mouth to speak.
Sherlock sighed before answering with a quiet "John. No".
At the crime scene, Sherlock was stood over the body and firing off his deductions. "As the fingerprints on the pen lid are from her left hand, the killer is obviously right-handed. Lestrade, you need to phone the station immediately and let our previous suspect go. It wou-" Sherlock was cut off by John saying "Open". Sherlock sighed before opening his mouth and allowing John to place the forkful of rice into it. He agreed to John making sure he was fed, he did not anticipate actually "being" fed by him.
“John.”
“Go to sleep. You’ve been awake for god knows how long.” John says, rubbing his back slightly to lessen Sherlock’s grumpiness at being told what to do.
John looked up from Rosie and gave a small smile in acknowledgement.
John’s just now caught up with what’s transpiring, and he hates how ready he is to do anything for Sherlock; he feels like a puppy jumping excitedly around the man’s ankles.
Sherlock looks up to meet John’s tired eyes. John seems to lose his nerve and looks away again. Definitely embarrassed.
"Headache... immoderate thirst... sensitivity to light and noise, so keep your voice down, will you?" Sherlock grumbled, already regretting his previous choices. He just wanted to cuddle John, an appropriate response to the turmoil in his head, he didn't want to be doctored.
"Wednes-"
"Yeah" he whispered. "We'll be alright".
“Leave it, Sherlock.”
The apple eventually falls through his hand. John stops the timer at the thud and reads out the result. “Nineteen seconds. Three seconds longer than yesterday. You did well.”
“Is it possible to arrange for an exorcism? Asking for a friend.” John says quietly into his glass at hearing the conversation of the room resume.
John would go on sitting there, spouting out praise and gratitude and love, but he recognises a wall in Sherlock that would make his efforts futile. A wall built to keep those things away, and John has yet to work out why.
“Just…” John begins softly, his eyes closed. “… get back in the bed.”
When he had finished making the tea, he brought it over to a mesmerized Sherlock.
He was John’s.
"You're welcome, Sherlock" John said calmly, yet when he was out of the room, nothing could remove the big smile on his face .
“No.” Sherlock answers. “I don’t really remember what happened.”
"I'll keep you updated." John finished, ending the call. Sherlock, still with his eyes closed, muttered a small "Enjoy your little gossip?".
“How come… you can touch things but we couldn’t shake hands?” John asks, giving in to his curiosity. Every time he speaks to Sherlock, he tries to ignore the fact that, to an outside ear, he appears to be talking to himself.
Sherlock meets his gaze darkly. “That is precisely why I need to go.”
, I'm gonna sit. But 'cause
from growing attached to
He hates it when she needs him: he doesn’t want to be the one she needs.
"John?"
He didn’t really have to go out, but any excuse would do.
“I found myself uninterested in certain activities where a significant other would expect great enthusiasm.”
"I should go and get Rosie back off Mrs Hudson" John said, already moving towards the door. "No. You need some rest, I'll get her" Sherlock replied, rushing ahead of John. John should have told Sherlock that that's exactly what Sherlock needed too, but John really was tired and swayed compliantly towards his bedroom. As he rested, head on pillow, he stared up at the ceiling.
John tried not to blush, repeating his mantra of "I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay".
When he was met with silence, he slid his hand behind Sherlock's upper back, gently easing and sitting him upright. Sherlock slouched against John before muttering the word "tired". If Sherlock Holmes admits he's tired, it must be an exhaustion unlike any other. John moved Sherlock's arm to wrap around his shoulder, grabbed Sherlock around the waist, and slowly raised them from the ground. As Sherlock's knees shook with the effort of holding himself up, he and John shuffled along to his bedroom as John encouraged him with a myriad of "That's it" and "You're doing well." Sherlock would never admit that it helped.
Sherlock already knew where this was going so he decided to stay silent before John's little outburst.
John patted his hand and replied to him with a tight smile (he was still a bit pissed off) before turning and walking back up the stairs. In his room once again, he saw Sherlock spread out like a starfish, limbs stretched out to their full potential on top of the covers. John smiled fondly before taking off his shirt and rolling Sherlock slightly to the side, allowing just enough space for him to fit on the bed. Shuffling carefully under the covers, he turned his head towards Sherlock. He
"No."
Sherlock, thanks to John, recovers and learns a thing or two about the importance of food.
The bedsit was four walls and a window, but there was nothing to look at outside. He never opened the curtain, not even to check on the weather. He didn’t yet have a job, living off of his army pension until he finds the will to look for one.
When he sees Sherlock smirking, he turns to stand next to him.
your first word again?"
Walking back out of the bedroom and down the stairs to the living room, he saw Lestrade also passed out on the couch. John ran his hands over his face. He took a great amount of pity on Greg: John knew what it was like to date a Holmes. Before Greg had even told him what had happened, he was sure it was due to Mycroft being Mycroft. Despite this, he knew that him and Greg were perfect for each other... "Sometimes" John thought as he tried to wake Greg up from his alcohol-fueled hibernation. After a few firm pats on the cheek, Greg groaned and opened one eye.
“I’d never just up and leave. Take Rosie away from you.” John slides a hand up Sherlock’s spine to the nape of his neck, his thumb stroking at the small hairs there. “Do you understand?” John urges.
every problem.
John stood in the middle of the room, hands on hips, looking round at all the experiments in the kitchen; the bag of thumbs resting on top of his favorite jumper; the sprawled out detective on the sofa. Just as the sigh had left his lips, Sherlock's eyes snapped open.
"Has she had her milk yet?" Sherlock asked John, bending at the waist towards her place on the couch. Rosie stared back at him, her own blue eyes were fixated on his face. After smiling at her (a smile specifically reserved), he picked her favorite toy off the floor. He remembered why he bought it; it reminded him of John.
Sherlock's eyes flicked up to the ceiling as if the answer was written there, his face grimaced as if the light was blinding. "Abdomen." He replied, overly-confident in his answer. John's face grew dark and a split second after Sherlock had spoken, John muttered the word "Bed." through gritted teeth. He grabbed Sherlock's hand and began pulling him upstairs, burning with anger. "But thisss your room, sweetheart." Sherlock giggled. Sweetheart. That was new.
Sherlock shrugs impatiently, clearly not too keen on admitting to his own lack of understanding. “It exhausts me, after a while.”
Sherlock takes his hand away from his face and looks at John through watery eyes.
Sherlock glanced back at John and considered lying. After all, he’d been doing so by omission for months already. He knew, though, that John would see through him instantly. John always knew when Sherlock was shamming, even if he couldn’t figure out why or what about. He recalled one day, when they’d been planning John’s wedding. ‘Where’d you learn to do that?’, Mary had asked of his serviette folding. Sherlock had begun to make something up about its usefulness to crime solving. Mary called him out, made him admit he’d learned it on Youtube. ‘I’m not John, I can tell when you’re fibbing.’, she’d said. John had known, though. He’d had that amused look in his eyes that meant he knew Sherlock was fibbing, but John indulged him anyway, let  him pretend at being the cool and suave detective. He almost encouraged it, with his blog, calling him extraordinary, clever, ‘above the rest of us’.
Sherlock frowned at John. “What?” He asked.
“Of course not.” John said placatingly. “He’s your brother either way.”
“I only wanted to see, how far you would go.” Magnussen was saying. “That was the furthest I could think to go. And yet you accepted, did you not, Mr. Holmes? With nary a whimper. You do love him so.”
“What Magnussen said. Was it true?”
Sherlock crossed his legs tightly together, fresh tears bursting forth at the memory, feeling ridiculous even as he did so. There was no threat present, no one in this cab who had any desire to hurt him. He took John’s hand and squeezed hard, taking deep, shuddering breaths as he fought himself for control.
John smiled back. “I love you too.”
“I hate this.” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t know what to say, John. He- he raped me. I let him. He didn’t physically harm me. There was some other stuff, but that’s it, really. I didn’t like it, but it happened, and now it’s over. And you’re here. That’s good. I’m not- It’s a silly thing to say about something that’s been happening for months, but I’m still processing it. What do you want? An emotional reaction? I don’t even know how I feel right now, there’s too much. I could give you a blow-by-blow account, but that would take a while, and I don’t see what purpose that would serve.”
Sherlock smiled at that, pleased at John’s praise, and also at the success of his ploy to distract John. Unfortunately, it didn’t last long.
Magnussen’s ‘session’ with Sherlock had ended the way it usually did. Once he was done, Magnussen got up, gathering his clothes. Sherlock stared resolutely at the ceiling, waiting for Magnussen to exit. Instead of leaving, though, he returned to the bed, sitting down next to Sherlock.
John flicked off the lights, leaving the bathroom light on in case they needed it. As he slipped between the warm sheets, suddenly realised how bone-tired he was. Mere moments later, he was fast asleep.
John gripped Sherlock’s hips and thrust into Sherlock as he lay limp and panting. With barely a dozen stroked he too was tumbling over the edge, fingers digging into Sherlock’s arse as he came with a long, low groan.
Sherlock scrubbed at one cheek with the heel of his hand. “Am not.” He muttered. “Just- leaking.”
“Mm, you’ve thought about this, haven’t you? Touched yourself and thought about me bending you over my desk and having my way with you.”
“We’ve got reservations in an hour.” Sherlock muttered. He tossed his head back and began to bounce on John’s cock, moaning at the way his thick length spread him open, the feeling all the more intense when he hadn’t been prepared as thoroughly as John usually did.
Sherlock kissed him, number one hundred and thirty-eight. His hand crept up John’s thigh, gentle and deliberate. His fingers traced the outline of John’s cock through the loose material of his pyjamas, and watching John’s face, Sherlock could tell the exact moment John woke up properly.
“Yes.” Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, then quickly looked away. “He won’t mind, after all he’s-” Sherlock stopped, and swallowed. “He won’t mind.”
Mummy gave him a quelling look. “I’m sure you’re tired from your journey. Why don’t you sit down?”
“Today? Now?” Sherlock bounded to his feet, crossing the room to grab his coat.
“So how’s your wound doing? Any closer to catching who did it?”
Sherlock smiled and took John’s hand. “Not completely. I suppose you’re right.”
Sherlock cries, finally.
you’d probably have enjoyed it, in some fucked up way, but you know, not everyone-”
Sherlock stilled almost imperceptibly, and John took notice. So it had something to do with that whole mess. Sherlock had said he didn’t remember who it was. He’d been lying. John had let it go then, but now he needed to know.
Obnoxious Classmate caught Sherlock’s wrist, his grasp surprisingly strong. “Oh, you’re trying to be all aloof and untouchable, but I saw you just now. The way you were looking at Doctor Watson… I bet you’re just gagging for it, aren’t you?” Sherlock blinked, too shocked to resist as his classmate pushed him up against the wall, grinding up against him. “That old man’s not going to look at you. But I know lots of people who’d be happy to give you what you need. ‘Specially if it shuts you up like this, my God.”
“Car rental’s just this way.” Sherlock murmured as they turned a corner.
John could have spent hours teasing Sherlock like this, keeping him dancing on the edge of orgasm until he cried with the pleasurable torture of it, but his own cock was straining against his trousers, and so he stood, undoing his belt and pushing down his trousers and pants to free his hard cock. He rolled on a condom, stroking his cock slowly as he watched Sherlock hungrily.
Magnussen stroked his hair. “Slowly, slowly. Take your time.” He murmured. “We’ve got all night.”
*****
“Welcome to Appledore, gentlemen.” Magnussen’s voice cut through Sherlock’s spiralling thoughts.
Sherlock snorted. “You didn’t even know that I’m a siren until tonight.”
“I was sitting down the entire way here! And John was on the same journey.” Sherlock protested.
*****
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No, John. Do I seem like an angel to you? I’m a siren.”
John nodded. “It’s a date. I’ll see you soon, then.”
Sherlock hated John’s driving. He loathed how slowly he drove, all patient and polite; all in all the opposite of Sherlock, who always drove like an arsehole with an emergency. He hated John’s ‘driver picks the music’ policy, and the way John ignored him because he needed to ‘focus on the road’. John hated Sherlock’s driving, too, but he hated driving with Sherlock in the car even more than that.
John blinked sleepily. “Merry Christmas.” He muttered, turning over to bury his face in Sherlock’s chest. He threw one arm around the other man, hoping to keep his pillow still so that he could catch another half hour of sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t fall asleep.” He warned. “You’ll have to get up soon.”
“See you.” Sherlock agreed, and with a grin and a wink he was gone.
“As you can see, Sherlock is not available. And even if he were, I doubt he’d be interested in someone like you.” John sneered, channelling his best Sherlock-interacting-with-idiots disdain. He turned to Sherlock, not even looking at the man as he continued to address him in the same tone. “You may leave now.”
