“That’s a nasty way to put it,” Steve comments. “But it’s probably right. Let’s keep what we know under wraps as much as possible.”
Steve jerks and smiles, his mouth full of pancake. He nods, swallowing quickly. “Yes, thank you.”
The door clicked shut behind him and Rumlow sighed. For a second, Steve thought he might have an accomplice in Brock as he stood there, unmoving. Then his hopes dissipated as Rumlow pulled out his knife and speared it through the old injury. Steve screamed out a cry and then panted through the pain.
Prince Anthony crinkles his eyes into a fake smile, notes the man’s name badge and says, “I see your pronouns are he/him. Well.” He points to Steve. “You wouldn’t wait on my friend the last time he was in this store, so this time you’re going to with a most genuine smile you can muster.”
. Steve had been angry, pissed to the gills that during a worldwide crisis where an artificial intelligence of Tony’s design was literally holding the world hostage throwing the financial markets into turmoil, jets dropping out of the sky, not to mention the satellites wreaking havoc all over world he wanted to watch a movie.
The plains before them howl with wickedly cold winds. Vast ice and snow greet them with rolling dark clouds covering the sky. A blizzard awaits them in this rim. Tony manifested his armor after he retrieved the bag from Steve’s shoulder. He’d taken something out that looked similar to an arc reactor and somehow pasted it to his chest. The armor crept out of it and covered him like a million tiny insects erecting the suit. It provides a good cover from the winds and the frigid temperatures.
“I don’t know who he is, I bought them at the Goodwill,” Steve says and scoops up the cash. He sticks out his fist full of cash and offers it to Tony. “I don’t talk for a living. I fuck. Either fuck me or go.”
"I'm not an item to be possessed, sir."
New players make appearances (surprise)...and the piano makes an appearance....
Eating at a dining room table that looked like it might have been forged by giants since it sat twelve, Steve found himself enjoying the dinner. That hollow empty abyss stayed closed inside of him, smaller and contained. Tony clutched his hand every now and again as if to check in with him and ask him if he was okay.
“That’s not going to happen,” Tony retorted. He’d spent the last year, shifting assets, hiding his people, getting ready for the fall out when he finally brought the Movement down. “Now get out of my way and let my people work.” He knocked Rumlow in the arm and stepped aside to speak directly to Happy. “Get down there and get that man out of the cell.”
He finds himself walking toward Steve’s room on the medical floor. The doctors aren’t as anxious as they see him. It’s been days with no change. He thinks they should be bowing to him and begging his forgiveness for not getting anywhere with Steve’s prognosis. But truly they have no power over it. None of them really do. He does. He knows he does, but right now, he wants to apologize and say his piece before he finishes the project to disentangle Steve.
Because as his eyes adjust and he cranes his neck to see beyond his bound wrists, he spots the circle of light and the stones of a well walling him in a pit. He’s standing in about a foot of water. He sloshes about in it, the water smells and he retches at its putridity. His barefoot hits something on the stony floor and he searches it with his toes only to yank away from the skull. This isn’t a well; it’s a torture chamber. He’s beginning to realize how fucking mad Ultron truly is. It dawns on him he’s missing one very important piece.
“I know.”
“No,” Tony said. “Clint and his family went into hiding. Natasha helped them. Clint’s wife is due soon. They have to be safe.” Tony shook his head. “I don’t know. They might be here, they might be somewhere else. Natasha knows where they are, but she’s keeping it to herself. Thor and Nat should be here in the next hour or so.”
Tony stops, considers, and then says to one of the guards, “Vanko, please purchase whatever you believe is needed for new recruits on the Avengers. Please spare no expense.”
The idea of Tony being with someone else, another guy, struck Steve and he hated it. A sense of possession, of belonging to someone and that someone belonging to him, swam over him. “I don’t think you’re disgusting,” Steve said and knew the truth of it. It wasn’t about Tony – it was about himself.
“Did he hulk out?” Steve asked again as he crossed his arms and leaned back against the table, staring at her. He kept his gaze level, his tone professional.
A vision of a woman with blonde hair and soft gray eyes comes to mind. She has her hair tied up in a braided bun. Her skirt is tattered, and those eyes are exhausted and worried. Her concern focuses on him. Rogers – Sarah Rogers.
Waking up shouldn’t hurt so damned much, but he’s learned during his lovely stay at Hotel Terrorist that surprises are the name of the game and are always horrible. He squints into the darkest pit of the cave and shivers. God, how he’d hoped he would wake up from this fucking nightmare, wake up in his Malibu mansion, the ocean singing in the background, and a good cheeseburger or two available to eat. God, he wants to fucking eat something.
“Yes, I do.” He hears the scrap of Steve’s chair against the wood. “If you don’t need me anymore-.”
“A damned pervert,” Tony said. The moments after rescuing Steve today came back to mind. After everything that happened – the call blasting through his nerves like a spike to the heart, the crash, the rescue, the girl and her brother, everything. The beauty of Steve using the soul projection to try and locate Bucky. Tony longed to ask him how he did it, what it meant, could they all do something like that, but then his brain circled back to the same thing time and time again. After all of it, Tony could only focus on the fact that Steve thought of him as a pervert. It wouldn’t be the first time someone threw that insult his way, but it would be the only time that someone who named him Beloved happened to say it.
“Because you are. You don’t see me. You see something else.”
“You are wrong.” It’s Tony’s voice breaking the nightmarish blackness. The red lightning sparks the air around them again, but it bleeds red, pulsing with life. The entanglement becomes realized around them, their souls swirl together creating an energy field that disintegrates the bindings around Steve.
On shaking arms, Steve gathers himself and manages getting to his hands and knees. He drags the chains as the wings attached to his back flop and flap. “I-I, Tony?”
“Helping people?”
“The Purge refers to when those who rebelled against that order were cast out. They migrated to the rim and people started calling it the Purge Rim,” Steven says. “The rebels were all sorts, from alpha all the way down to the lowest omega.”
“Enough to give up your family?” That sounded repugnant to Steve. He wanted to take it back, but he couldn’t.
“There you go, Sheriff, quiet,” Tony says and then Steve realizes he’s slowly wiping the come from his face and licking it off his fingers.
As he climbs up the metal steps into the main cabin of the Court vessel, his First, Pep, stands there with her mouth pinched and her eyes showing her disdain. “You’re covered in grease and dirt, Tony. You need to present yourself like a King, otherwise you’ll never win the vote for election in the High Alpha Chair.”
Steve allowed the fire to stretch out along the scars. He found himself tear away his shirt and then pulling the zipper open on Tony’s undersuit. He pushed it aside and then brought Tony close, until they were skin to skin – matching soul marks touching, melding together. Much like he had when Tony had suffered the minor burn injury during their training, Steve used the touch of their skin to merge their souls. Yet this time it deepened, widened, until Steve couldn’t tell the edge of his soul from Tony’s. In a swirl of colors and sounds, their astral energies fluctuated and fused. The complexity, the expansion of their souls seemed to encompass whole universes. It astonished Steve and he gasped out as Tony clung to him.
"A drink?" Tony says and lays Steve's hand in his own, turns it over, and plays rings into his palm. He touches calluses and tender soft places that send shivers up Steve's nerve endings. "Is that all you want from me, Captain?"
Blu opens his mouth and a mismash of rumblings comes out. He sticks his nose up in the air as if to show his disdain.
“I’d say you’re loving the ocean,” Tony says.
It should have been a gift, a peace offering. All Tony saw was the fact Steve stood in front of him, tears streaming down his face, trying to be fucking brave, and he was
Shaking his head several times, Tony blinked and said, “I get it. I do.” He hissed. “I understand. I’ll give you some space, okay? You need space. Shuri said there are clothes in the cabinets over there.” He pointed behind Steve. “When you need me all you need to do is.” He shook his head. “Just ask someone.” He escaped before Steve could say a word.
“No, never.” He feels the slight stubble along Steve’s jawline. The strength of his jaw, the chiseled features, how he wants to touch it all, explore it. “Do you mind if we get this all to go?”
“To capture you,” Tony said, and blood tears glimmered in his eyes. “I did this – I caused it. You’re too weak.”
Tony smirks. “Language, Rogers.” Maybe he should just call Steve, find out what the problem is. Why he up and left. The last he talked to him, he was comfortable and concerned. It seems out of character for Steve to leave behind his responsibilities. He’d been conscientious and trustworthy during the short time he held the position of Tony’s assistant.
“Trying to help Clint,” Steve said as he climbed to his feet. He wavered for a moment, but both Bruce and Tony were there to support him. “I suppose I called out again?”
He reached for one of the containers. The coven provided the pints of blood mainly as a front just in case they were searched. Vampires conclaves without a refrigerator filled with animal blood were suspected of hunting humans. Bloodletting was not allowed. What the fuck did humans think the mating was for in the first place? It wasn’t like a vampire could fucking come! Well, not in the traditional sense, considering they were undead and therefore couldn’t give life via a donation of sperm or eggs. The mating meant something different, something wholly encompassing, something about blood. It was the elixir, the climax, the orgasm for vampires especially with a mate. Most especially. He licked his lips in anticipation.
When Logan walks into his hospital room, Steve is sitting on the side of the bed with his bare feet dangling over the edge. They gave him scrubs instead of the hospital gown which Steve is grateful for, but he wishes he could just have some regular clothes and get out of the medical bay floor of the Tower. That’s not happening, not yet anyway. Bruce isn’t convinced that Steve’s not going to take a header off the building or walk into traffic or set the place on fire all the sudden if another seizure attacks him.
“You bet I do!” Tony says and leaps to his feet. “Race ya!”
*oOo*
“JARVIS patch Richards through,” Tony says and then gestures to Bruce, offering him coffee. Bruce declines with a wave of his hand. He settles down on the stool at the kitchen island.
Rhodey and Pepper make their exit to get the food while Doctor Strange remains in the room. He doesn’t say anything and, for a moment, Tony thinks he’s trying to fool him.
“Tony’s doing better, if that’s what you’re worried about. He’d like for you to stop by,” Bruce says.
“I am. Maybe it’s the soul thing, or those dreams.” Steve’s soul sounded a beat, strong and steady, so different than his quiet tentative voice.
“See if you had a proper lock,” Tony butts in and points to the front door of the store.
When it was time, he put on his cufflinks and his black silk tie. Tony went across the hall and knocked on Steve’s door. It swung open to Steve with his own suit with white shirt and his wrecked expression that took Tony’s breath away. The pain hadn’t leaked through the bond and that only meant that Steve spent a ton of energy trying to protect the rest of the pack from his upset. Not having any of that shit, Tony moved into the room and took Steve into his arms. For a second, Steve didn’t react but then he wrapped his arms around Tony.
“What is it?” Tony says when his voice comes back. It’s gravely and ghostly.
After my beta  read the chapter, I decided I didn't like how it went so I went through and rewrote a massive section of this chapter. It hasn't been read for issues, so there might be some typos and things like that - so I apologize! Hope you like it!
“Okay. It’s always good to prep yourself before a client. Usually, you have at least an hour before the client arrives. Sometimes they only want a blow job, but it’s always good to be prepared.” She hands him the dildo. “You’ll need this one this time. Most of the time you should try and prep with a size smaller than needed just to make sure you’re tight enough but open enough so that it’s comfortable. You’re sure you can you handle this size?”
“I’ll make you swear and curse sometimes, too.”
Instead or arguing, Steve limps over to Tony, clasps his hands and says, "They're coming. You have to do this. Now put on this suit."
“Did you sleep well?” Tony asked. His hands were at his sides. He looked relaxed. His eyes, though, flittered around the room, jumping and skittering.
For so many years he’s been plastered on the front page of magazines, littered the internet with images. The world centered around him, and he flung out the right words and right attitude to be an influencer, a leader, a celebrity. But never in his life has he ever felt like someone.  Someone deserving of kindness, someone deserving of love, someone deserving.
Tony shakes his head. “No, the Gravity bowl is a consequence of the artificial gravity that’s produced in the Hayashi reactor.”
“Well, your duty is to punish him for that transgression,” Ross said. “Remember our investigations into the serum require it to be activated. The scientists and researchers studying the problem theorize that causing injury will elicit the required response.”
“Go and put it on. I’ll wait.” She sits the edge of one of the cushioned chairs, her hands folded, but her expression expectant. She’s a woman who is used to her orders being followed.
Steven had stared at him in some kind of shock. “And that didn’t clue you in? Were you that desperate for love and affection from a father figure?” Right then and there, Tony almost fell into the trap of reprimanding Steven. He even considered a punishment or two but Steven’s next words chilled his blood. “He manipulated you, he made you love him as a father, and you were a child. Innocent. Vulnerable, looking for guidance.” He spouted off the words as if he knew the memories intimately, as if he’d heard stories and maybe he had. There were more servants in his household that had been with him during those years than Tony wanted to admit. Yet even as he watched, he saw Steven’s nostrils flare, and he looked like a cat of prey about to hunt.
“What? I read,” Clint scoffs. He peers out to the main deck and then moves back to face Steve. “But I get you, he’s acting cagey?”
“I could punish you for that,” Tony mutters, but he’s not looking at Steven. These words are part of his internal dialog, spoken out and revealed.
He draws in a breath and Tony pushes his shoulder down onto the bed. “There you go, you’re back.”
“I’ll carry it.”
"We're going on a romantic getaway?" Steve had asked.
“Blu?”
“Where have I been in the last month?”
Tony rested his head against Steve’s heart. The sound of it, a steady beat against his ear, might be the most beautiful sound Tony ever heard. He loved to listen to it all day. “Promise me?”
“You can do that?” Natasha had been the one to ask. Vision, Sam, and Wanda stayed to the side, observing.
“You can check the laptop it should have a read out on the status, if you want. I included tests in the download and upgrade. If it greenlights it, we’re good to go.”
Bruce scoffs. “He asked about that before he left Wolverine. He can’t be that upset about the drinking problem.”
Stopping her by catching her arm, Steve said, “How else am I going to convince Fury that I’m not a liability?”
“That’s not exactly a state secret,” Steve says and hooks his thumbs at his utility belt. “But this is something else.”
“I could leave,” Steve offers again.
“Steve Rogers,” he scoffs. “He said he was a relative or something. I didn’t think Captain America had any children, did you?” At this he looks up at her and she only silently shakes her head. “He came and he helped me. Helped me with this.” Tony taps the arc reactor. “We built it together. The plan was to get out together. But he was stupid and sacrificed himself, for me. Who would do that? Sacrifice themselves for me?”
As Tony kneels at his feet, finding the bindings that clip Steve into the uniform and deftly undoes them, he raises his eyes to meet Steve’s gaze. “So, you have a tracker on from the Brothel I would assume?”
Tony went to the window and Pepper joined him, leaving her work at the computer. Before them, the cell door had been opened and the prisoner stayed hunched in the cage. No sight, no ability to speak, but he crouched like an animal about to spring on its prey. He was an animal in some ways, caged and beaten for years. Tony spotted a button that labeled intercom on it on the wall of the observation room. He hit it and the sounds from the prison cell below echoed in the observation room.
The man smiles. “Doctor Bruce Banner, heard you were looking for a doctor. Didn’t think you needed one right away, though.”
Bucky pushes Steve’s hand away, and says, “Followed the trail until we hit, Schmidt’s range.”
Tony arches a brow at him and then Steve takes his elbow and unceremoniously hauls him to a corner of the store. In a hushed voice, he asks, “What the hell are you doing?”
“It’s not. It’s not. Don’t tell me it’s okay-.” Tony moves away but Steve holds him, keeps him close, and he cannot deny that he wants to be here, he needs the comfort that Steve offers him.
Steve swallowed down the truth about Tony – that they didn’t bond. That one of the strongest members of the Avenger team who’d had been excluded.  He might have said that he’d seen and knew about Tony – that he wouldn’t lie down on the wire, but Tony had proven him wrong. What had Steve done? Tony spat out that everything special about him came out of a bottle. Maybe, just maybe that was true. Too many nights during his time in war, he sat by the camp fire and the same horrible thoughts came to mind. It had been Dum Dum, not Bucky, not Gabe, no one else who’d come to him and cheered him up. Dum Dum pretended not to notice Steve’s melancholy about his inadequacies, inadequacies that no one recognized because they were concealed in a bright and muscular package. He failed when he didn’t bond with Tony, and that was on his shoulders – no one else’s.
Tony falls silent and then hunts the surrounding area again. No sign of Blu at all. His shoulders slump. He debates leaving now, forgetting this place. It might have been all a fevered dream. A lion that understands him, that listens to him, that lets him cuddle? Obviously, it was a product of an injury, nothing more. That’s what Pepper would tell him. She would look at him with that soft admonishing gaze that somehow imparted understanding as well. She would touch him tenderly and tell him it was all right. He’d been through a lot in the last year. No one would ever blame him. Blame him for what? His delusions?
Bruce stands next to his bed, his huge form casting a shadow over the room. “It’s okay Tony. You’re going to be okay.”
“Humanoid, sir.”
“Love you, too,” Steve replies. “And Tony?”
“Should you?”
Tony almost laughed at his words; Steve saw the flittering possibilities of sarcastic comebacks tickle his tongue and he had played with it, but good sense stopped him. He slumped down on the bed. “I thought that if we gave it a try, I’d remember, I’d remember more.”
“So-.” He grunts. “Oh fuck, it’s so fucking good. I want – I want – I want-.”
A small smile comes to Steve’s face, though he thinks he shouldn’t have to will to smile, not today. “Thanks Tony. You don’t have to do this for me. Not at all.”
Bucky shrugged and, with a last touch to Natasha, said, “Come on, better get this over with.”
and just that fact terrified Tony.
Clint replied, “Depends. Now show us.”
Natasha indicated a seat and Tony slumped down into it. He buckled in as Clint took the co-pilot’s seat. Tony had expected Fury to be the pilot, but then he suspected that Nick took the first jet and transported the injured immediately.  The flight gave Tony something he desperately wanted to throw out of the jet. Time. It gave him enough time to mull over what the fuck had just happened. He could blame the whole fiasco on Natasha. The armor had been damaged not only during the training exercise but also during the attack on the Hydra base in Sokovia. It hadn’t been serious damage, but it was enough to fry out the electrical when Natasha tossed her stingers at him. While he thought he repaired the damage from the training exercise, he’d never tested it to ensure that a power surge wouldn’t affect it in a negative way. Now he knew. Normally a power surge would have left him with more energy that he knew what to do with, but this time the suit couldn’t handle a simple stinger. He would toast the whole thing when they got back to the Tower.
“Come on. You’ve been at it for hours.” Tony kisses the crown of Steve’s head.
“Thor’s out.” Natasha didn’t explain further.
“I’ve seen a great many things in my travels, a young fledgling is the least of the surprises I’ve encountered in my life,” she says and then shushes him as she listens to his heart. When she pulls away, she looks at him – her gaze ever fierce. “I don’t know much about otherworldly affairs, but I do know you should be able to hide these wings of yours from my mortal eyes. Why can’t you?”
“Yes, we have three new members who have been manipulated by Hydra to be their tools,” Steve said.
“I’ll remember that. Thank you – well thank you for looking after me.” His hand slipped down her arm and touched the inner portion of her wrist. For a long moment, his fingers lingered on her pulse point, feeling the thread of her life. It punched into him like a dagger, hot and sharp. His vision whited out and everything went dead around him except for the thrum of her heartbeat. It beat, deafening and all encompassing, in his head. She cringed and cried out as he spoke, “Confidant.”
“Lots of wars in and around Sokovia,” Natasha said and stood next to Steve to examine the tablet. “It was the victim of proxy wars repeatedly.” Tony studied her body language; Natasha was rarely a person easy to read, but he could tell she had a history with this one.
“Why?”
He hears the bed creak again and figures that Steve’s decided to lay back down – or maybe the injuries are more serious and he just fell down. “You okay out there?” He opens up the medicine cabinet to find toothpaste, a straight razor, and shaving cream. Not even a fucking aspirin.
Steve presses his lips together and nods. He really doesn’t want Tony to ask him where Bucky is. He doesn’t want to lie.
“Just make sure he don’t wander into Cabin 3. I don’t want no trouble with old man Logan.”
Steven bows his head and crawls up to Tony’s side, slipping beneath the blankets and spooning up behind him. “Is this what you want or would you like me to be across the bed, not touching you?”
Steve hadn’t been able to stop himself. Maybe it was his own nature getting in the way, or maybe it was something worse. The fear of losing his last link to the past. Still to this day he doesn’t know.
“Because of me,” Tony said and he swallowed down the nausea. He never could handle people who were outright homophobic.
“Depending whether or not we hit any complications, probably about 3 hours. I’ll have a nurse come out during the procedure to keep you informed.”  She touches his wrist softly and says, “He’ll be all right, Mister Stark. He has you.”
Hope seems to be Scott’s girlfriend and so that always confuses Steve because she’s one of the workers too. She commands the room when she enters it and rolls her eyes at all of Scott’s jokes. Both Hope and Sharon spend a lot of time outside the brothel exploring the station. There’s a lot to offer in the station and once in a while they invite Steve along. They like the specialty shops with fragrant foods and rich sugary desserts.
Maybe he does need saving.
"You just got a dirty evaporator coil. I think I can jerry-rig it to work and then send over a new one with instructions on how to replace it." He pulls out the offending part, manages to wipe out the dirt with his shirt (as much as he can) and then wiggles it back in place.
“There’s cereal or eggs,” Clint offers and then pulls down two mugs. They match, and Tony notices that the cupboard as a slew of matching dishes. Not like Steve’s apartment.
“Steve did this?” Tony screwed up his mouth. He knew Steve didn’t do this. Hell, Steve wouldn’t have been able to get here faster than Tony had.
Tony’s temper hits him like a physical blow and he nearly staggers against its power. The alpha fury, the rage, runs through him and he forces himself not to strike back, not to beat him. “You are nothing but your gland, that is all. Get on your knees.”
Steve stumbled over his reply but eventually ended up by saying, “I didn’t say that.”
It’s cruel to even think, brutal. So he swallows down the darkness creeping inside and shudders at his fragility.
“I’m gonna do some recon.”
“Sure.” Popcorn is great and all, but Tony’s still pretty stuffed from breakfast. He’s not going to be able to keep up with a super soldier’s appetite. That’s why having Thor around is fun. Steve and Thor have eating contests. Once in a while, Bruce joins in especially after the Hulk’s appearance. Thinking about Bruce sullies his mood. He casts the thoughts aside along with the wires and then climbs the rickety stairs back to the main floor.
Blu charges toward the blue light only to be confronted by the Iron Man armor. It raises its repulsors at Blu. Tony swoops down, cawing at the armor. He sees the gleaming eyes, the expressionless faceplate. The repulsors discharge and Tony darts between the beam of light and Blu. The ray burns through him and he falls to the ground. His feathers burnt, his chest a gaping hole. He pants his last breath as Blu curls his massive paw around him.
The words were distant and frightened. Some part of his brain knew that Steve called out to him, begged him to hear. Some part of him felt the bonds – the Beloved bond – snap taut and vibrate with energy. He ignored it because there was a hole in his chest a mile wide and his life poured out and died again as if he was seventeen and learning his parents were gone.
Steve laughed. “Oh, don’t get too impressed. He made up Natasha’s floor with a lot of Russian decorations.” He pulled out plates for the pizza. “I wonder what he did for Thor’s floor?”
“No, I want to stay away. Out here. Do you think we can find a place?”
“Once – a long time ago,” Steve admits. “Not anymore.” There’s no harm in telling the truth, but there must be because he witnesses how deflated Tony becomes at his words.
“I was getting acquainted with my charge,” Steven says.
The prince leans in and kisses his temple. “They don’t have to. Stay with me for the entire time I’m on the Station.”
“Turn around and lift your shirt.” He is not going to let another person sacrifice themselves for him. Not now, not ever.
She hopped up on her tiptoes, kissed his cheek, and then opened the door. “You can always ask out your neighbor, Kate, and see how that goes.”
“Yeah. Howard was a prick. He beat the shit out of me and then laughed when I cried. Obie always protected me. He could do it when Jarvis and Ana couldn’t.”
“Locomotives cannot get you everywhere, Mister Stark.”  He gives a sidelong glance to Tony and notices a fine high blush to his cheeks. Steve secretes it away that Tony likes to be spoken to formally. He already knows that Tony is amused by his usage of
“Oh no, I’m not sir here.” Jarvis looks over at Tony. There’s a kindness in his demeanor and Tony knows, from long ago experience, that his eyes are soft and tender as if he looked upon his own child in pride.
“He’s got the rope,” Tony reports.
The leader pointed to Tony’s body. “Put the wooden stake in its mouth. Then get it on the gurney.”
Tony tilted his head and cracked a smile, trying to ease Steve’s embarrassment. “Well, you know, let’s take a look at mine.” Tony yanked off his shirt and tossed it aside. His markings, radiating out from the scar where his arc reactor used to sit, warmed as well, and colored to a reddish purple. “Seems we kind of match.”
“Good, good!” Tony claps his hands together. “Let’s eat.”
“A bit?” Tony wraps his arms around Steve. “We’re going to break our necks.”
“How do we know that it’s all about us anyhow?” Steve moves around pieces of the shattered fuselage for signs. “Maybe this is just here to throw us off.”
“Or Rhodey or sweetcakes. I personally like sweetcakes.”  Tony moves to the open space of the bridge. It’s sleek in design. Red and gold colors accent the work stations. There’s a large view screen in the fore section but each workstation has a holographic three-dimensional view of the surroundings with partial views of the ship itself. Tony sweeps his arms out in an arc. “She’s a beauty, isn’t she?”
“Yes, here. Is there a problem? Are you embarrassed?” Tony takes his hand away and shifts as if to get out of the bed.
Tony can’t help but smile. The idea that his other self, in some other reality is that smart tickles him with pride. The smile drops as soon as he hears Steve’s next question.
Tony falls against him and he’s almost too heavy to hold in his weakened state. “Steve, don’t ask me to. I want to, god, I want to but now that you told me.” He notches his head against Steve’s neck and shoulder. The heat and the want crest and Steve slides his hand against Tony’s shorts, feels the bulge there.
“You leave that to me.” He strides down the stairs like Tony issued a challenge.
Tony follows and taps with this cane to find his footing. “So, why comic books?”
The news wasn’t good.
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Tony closes his eyes and the remnants of the news stories run through his head on speed. “What?” He drops his head and glares at Bruce. “You haven’t heard? It’s some kind of superbug from the Ice Age that Steve was contaminated with when he went under. It’s going to kill us all.”
Steve crosses the small space and takes up Thor's place at Bucky's shoulders while Thor holds down his legs. Bucky is lying prone and the doctor's is working perilously close to his spine. Bucky clenches his teeth around an old rag and his eyes are splayed open, the white red with blood.
“You are my alpha.” Steven slipped from under him and then slowly untied Tony’s robe. He settled between his legs and sucked and lapped at Tony’s cock and balls. Tony should have stopped him, should have done something to interrogate him. But he didn’t. He opened his legs and laid his head back enjoying the ministrations.  He should have pursued their discussion, but desire warred with his rational mind.
Steve lifts a shoulder. “It’s weird. I lived all my life in an open space. It’s confining being on the station, especially the Brothel. My room is a nice size, and our working rooms are decent sizes too. But we don’t get off the Brothel’s grounds very often and we only have a small observatory. Don’t get much time to go and contemplate the stars. Usually, we get one day a week off.”
in my home.”
“Is that’s what’s important to you, Steve? Making people happy?”
“Rent?” Strange screws up his face. “Who rented anything? We don’t have shoes. You don’t have shoes?”
“No, that’s too deliberate to be a glitch.” Tony stays stock still. “It’s not a glitch, it’s not an error of the program. It’s a premeditated code creating that storm.”
but the other part, the part controlling his needs, his wants, his satiation, won’t let him. He blurts out a grunted ‘stop’ that sounds more like ‘ssspp’.  His legs go weak, and Tony wraps his arms around him, holding firmly to stabilize him. It’s all too much and then he quakes and jerks and comes into the prince’s mouth as Tony sucks him down. The shower head cascades water down his face, and he drinks and spits it up at the same time.
Steve sighs. “Yeah. Lost too much weight. Got sick. Sam and Bucky, my friends, they had to have an intervention. Or whatever you want to call it.”
“Never,” Nat said and shook her head. “I wouldn’t think of it.” She must have recognized the consternation on his face because she had leaned in close over their luncheon table and explained, “It’s not about punishment. It’s about trust. Trust is earned, not given.”
Tony only mouths the word ‘wow’ and then nods vigorously. “What does nice entail?”
“I’m not sure what part I’m acting here,” Steve mutters but follows the prince along with the guards to the very exclusive shop. Being embarrassed and shamed for what he needs to do to survive riles him. He doesn’t want to lose his temper in front of Tony.
“Considering that even Natasha when she came and visited treated me with kid gloves, it feels nice to see someone’s honest reaction.” For the first time since he woke up from the coma, Steve felt present, fixed, anchored to the world. During his self-imposed isolation, he floated about as if he might simply drift away on the air currents. No words or thoughts solidified in his head. Yet, now as Tony broke down and wrestled with his own demons, Steve’s purpose and connection re-appeared. Undeniably, the feeling to touch and to hold came over him.
“Come, I’ll wash you,” Tony says and he knows it is a kindness he usually doesn’t offer.
“Tony. My name is Tony I know that’s hard for your eidetic memory and all,” Tony said. He should be nice to the man. It’s not like they have to work together anymore. Plus, he needed to come to terms with the fact that even though his father had an obsession with Captain America, that guilt shouldn’t be laid on Steve Rogers’ obscenely broad shoulders.
“No, I don’t know that. I grew up when it was a crime. I didn’t do it. Bucky sure as hell didn’t do it,” Steve said. “Sure I heard of some guys who did. You know, the faeries.”
Steve faces the servant. “Yes?”
Tony struggled against the chains, getting onto his knees. Screaming he said, “Wasn’t your intention? What the fuck did you think would happen when you infiltrated my AI? When you gave away our safe house?”
“No. No I wasn’t. I was reporting myself,” Steve says. His eyes tear. Tony gulps for air but can’t gather his thoughts to reply. Steve doesn’t seem to notice. “I wanted him to know, before he started all the pre-experiment research and testing. I wanted him to know who I was. That maybe he was picking the wrong person.”
His path zooms south as JARVIS scans the road for recent activity. Most of what they find is local traffic, farmers crisscrossing the countryside with their everyday workload. It’s getting late and the sun starts to set. Tony notices most of the old trucks and a few cars on the roadway stop for evening prayers. Men climb out of the vehicles, lay down their prayer rug facing Mecca, and take to their evening devotions. He ensures that he’s as quiet as possible when passing over them. It’s this small fact that sets the large SUV apart from the other travelers on the road.
Never a heavy drinker, Steve takes it anyway and downs the burning liquid in one swallow. “I don’t have a choice.”
"Yes, it is. Not one I want, at least not until I convert it into something else."
“Don’t worry. You’re a real worrier, huh? Got any kids? If you do, then I bet you spend all your time chasing after those little kittens.” Tony smiles and goes through his visual inspection of the reactor. He made sure in his redesign of it that he could easily assess it with just his eyes and feeling with his hands, plus a little sniff. Blu perks up when Tony brings the arc reactor to his face. “Maybe you can help. Smell anything like ozone, like the smell in the air after a lightning strike?”
His resolve breaks down and he cries out when Tony goes down on his knees as if in supplication to Steve. He mouths Steve’s erection and only a slide of his tongue sets Steve on fire so much that he reaches out and holds the wall – that’s when he realizes the walls of the shower are heated. Part of him giggles – only Tony would think of such a thing, plan ahead –a futurist in every way.  Tony looks up at Steve his eyes twinkling as if he realizes the reason for his mirth. He winks at Steve, licks his lips and then fully takes his erection.
“Let’s go,” Steve said. They couldn’t take the metro into the city because of the weapons, so they needed to get there on foot or somehow find a vehicle. They hadn’t been walking more than three minutes when they ended up near a mechanic’s shop. The rain soaked them, but it did empty out the yard of the shop. Steve pulled his shield off his shoulders. He cracked the lock with one swing and watched as a man at the woman at the corner waiting for a bus spotted them. He only shrugged, and she turned back to waiting under her umbrella. Clint hissed, and Steve opened up the gate. He handed Clint his shield and slipped into the yard. Puddles splashed as he went to the back to the yard where the cars and trucks were parked. Shoving all thoughts aside, Steve found an old pick-up truck and yanked open the door. It only took a few wires and sparks to get the thing running again. He drove it to the fence and Clint opened the gate. All the while the woman stood there, shaking her head but not interfering at all. Steve hit the latch and opened the door for the truck. Clint jumped inside, and Steve saluted to the woman as they took off down the street.
The door of the car opens and he enters the bonding level. The layout mimics the design above. The waiting area is a circular room with large panes that viewed the open seas. Music filters in, quiet and low. It is very relaxing to watch the marine life drift by as the instrumental song whispers in the background. Unfortunately the observation panes do not span the entire 360. In segments, corridors to the bonding rooms break up the view. Above one of the halls a light flashes and he realizes that’s his signal. He heads in that direction. He can’t lie and say he’s not excited; his own body sweats of alpha hormone. He knows that because he’s been on suppressants, he’ll be particularly intense – if that’s the right word. It’s not.
“You’re interested in genealogy?”
Stark only catches the doctor’s elbow and guides him to the door. Peering over his shoulder at Steve, he says, “I’ll be purchasing the empty blacksmith’s shop and a place for the good doctor to set up shop as well, tomorrow. Do I come to you? Pay you the money?”
“We can help,” the young woman – Wanda said. “I know how to manipulate the mind. It may help to guide you.”
“Maybe he’s hiding,” Clint says. “You know, like the rest of us.”
When he entered the room, Steve expected some time to explain to Bucky what had happened to him. That it was about biology and that they would get through it together. It hadn’t been possible. Bucky had already entered into some demented version of urgency – his mind deep in alpha fugue. To this day, Steve couldn’t figure out if the fact that Zola had turned Bucky into some mutant form of alpha was on purpose or a mistake. No one knew.
But he does not know if an angel can die.
“No, never.”
“When I was a child, my mother told me about limbo and purgatory. Those sinners waiting for their final reprieve.”
Jamison eyed him with a glare. The man hates it when Tony steps on his toes. Shrugging, Tony goes to the ladder down to the meeting room level. “Chop, chop, we have bills to pay, you know.”
Looking away, Tony replies, “You can say his name.”
“Doesn’t matter, just go.”
Later that summer, he learned that there had been an accident in the bio-division. Marissa had been the only fatality. He stood outside of the building at the picnic table and thought about how Marissa cried and he’d done nothing. He was no one’s hero. He was twelve. He looked up at the building. They’d said the accident had been her fault, but Stark Industries still paid a handsome settlement to the family for their loss. At the time, he figured it was a good thing. SI hadn’t held her responsible for the destruction of the lab.
He taps on the arc reactor. “This? Nope. Well, I was dying or could have died because palladium – not the best core in the world since it is super toxic. But I already fixed that. I wasn’t about to just – you know - let it kill me.”
“My tenement flat in Brooklyn right after my mother died,” Steve said. He smoothed the sheet over his lap. “I lived here until I couldn’t anymore. I had to give it up when I got too sick and couldn’t work. Ended up getting a small basement room. Bucky wanted me to move in with them, but I didn’t want to be a bother.”
“Then let me hear about you, tell me something. Maybe about your mother?” That sounds like a safe subject.
She watches him, her head slightly tilted to get a better view of his face since he’s bowed his head.
“I know you come from a time before the Vampire Uprising in the 60s. With the move for rights for all Vamps and the breakdown of negotiations then the war, things changed. Mutual existence isn’t really a possibility anymore,” Pierce said. He reached for a folder on the coffee table next to the couch. “It was a great dream, but the fact of the matter is that mating is a sin against the natural order of things.”
“Now I know you’re hurt,” Bucky says as Steve drops off, slowly, hearing Bucky curse as he falls into the deep slumber of the wounded.
“Oh you have no idea,” Tony muttered. “I cannot believe it. It’s fucking fantastic. You gotta understand Steve – this is like nothing I’ve ever felt before.”
“Geez, how long was I in the shower?” Steve glances at the bathroom. It didn’t seem that long.
“It’s been a week, you’ve been in and out of consciousness. We weren’t sure you were going to make it at one point,” Tony says and stands up. He picks up a glass with a straw. “Drink, you are very dehydrated.”
She assesses him, nods, and agrees, “Good. Now, let’s get a move on. He’s probably down in the lobby now.” Pepper ushers him to the office and tells him to sit behind the desk. “You need to look professional.”
“I didn’t say anything when you announced I was your husband. I mean I was a lion just days ago, I couldn’t figure it out-.” He glances away from Tony, gazing at the vast Pacific Ocean beyond the living room and balcony. It’s rolling waves soothe. “It was more than I could have hoped.”
Steve steps into the quarters and once again finds himself dumbfounded by the beauty surrounding him. The confined hallway opens to a lavish sitting room – the curve of the ship worked into the sweeping style of the room. It’s so unreal that Steve blinks a few times to understand what he’s looking at – including the real fireplace, the thick cushioned couches around it and the wide open expanse of windows displaying the cosmos beyond the station. To the right is a partition built into the ship and when Steve crosses the threshold he discovers a huge bed that seems to float in the heavens. His gasp must alert Pepper and she’s at his side.
“Clint called me, he was worried,” Tony says.
Tony frowns and clucks his tongue. “Obie decided that an informal meeting with Pierce might get the man on my side. I don’t even know what side he’s talking about.” Some of the joy drains out of the prince. He sighs. “You’re right. We do have to get back at it again, don’t we?”
“Must be good.”
“You won’t lose your memories,” Tony says. “They will always be your memories. When this was done a fork was placed in the road and a new branched reality appeared.”
Wiping the worries aside, Steve completes his task and positions the plug inside. It has a small valve on it that will release lube when he removes it. It should work out fairly well.  It’s always a little weird to walk around with one inside for more than a few minutes, but he’ll get used to it. When he first started at the Widow’s he used to wear one for a few hours every afternoon so it wouldn’t hurt as much when his first client of the day arrived. While he was still tight enough (because Steve learned what size to use to allow just enough give but also present the perfect feeling during penetration), it made it a more of a pleasurable experience for himself.
“We helped,” Natasha noted but them clammed up.
“Hush now, listen to the ocean. We’re going to sway to it.” Tony brings them together and moves his hips side to side. “Loosen up. Listen to the crest and the fall of the ocean. Let your body feel the rhythm of it.”
Steven hesitates before he climbs onto the high four poster bed. Tony feels the dip and weight on the mattress and waits even longer as Steven considers his place on the bed. He begins to shift over, to the foot of the bed to sleep there.
Bruce spoke but Steve didn’t know if it was out loud or through the bond. “I’m going to open it up now. Stay a beat away. The fracture is up ahead.”
“I can hear it with you. Whatever it is, as long as we’re together I can hear it with you.” He knows the very truth of the statement. Tony hauls his to his feet.
He was in his own room. The windows peered out to the large cityscape of 21st century Manhattan again, not early 20th century Brooklyn tenements. Manhattan at pre-dawn greeted him. His whole body shook, trembled hard against the dream. Or was it a nightmare? He thought for sure he would be wet after his dream fuck. But he wasn’t. He was flaccid but warmed by the after effects of an amazing orgasm.
Tony considered what he knew. The erroneous information that he and Steve found this afternoon. “So how does a soul pack or astral projection connection form?”
The chains clang and the air chills. Nothing in this place – these rims of Ultron’s mind – is comfortable. He shouldn’t be surprised considering Ultron is a cold and nature killer. He shivers. What does that mean for Tony? Who Tony is?  Steve refuses to confront any reality where Tony might be a villain. He’s not. There’s no way around it. Not in his mind.
“Haven’t done anything yet,” Sam replied as he pulled gear out of his bedroom closet. It would amaze the average civilian how ready anyone who’d ever been to war always was. The tactical stuff Sam placed on the bed; Steve rummaged through it, picking out what they needed. Natasha hung in the door, but Steve waved her in. She tossed most of what Steve picked out and decided on the barest minimum of supplies.
Now, they lay quietly in the aftermath of their lovemaking. Tony cannot believe how time has dilated and changed. Only half a year ago Steve came to him, splintered and broken himself, but in many ways that built their bridge. They both crossed the bridge to find a new peace together in a new future, their future.
“Well it’s that or Ultron can read our minds in here.” Tony turns and looks back to the dark clouds in the entrance area. “And if that’s true then we are royally screwed.”
The fact that he was lied to hurt, made him angry. Yet he focused on her. “Are you angry with me or with the doctors?”
“Captain Rogers.”
Tony turned around then, picked up a wrench and threw it across the room. He had been lucky not to hit anyone. “Don’t tell me what’s broken and what’s not.”
Steve grapples to save face and, thankfully, he finds his way. "To find out a little more about our newest citizen in town. That's part of my job."
Following the lighted signs, Steve registers at the Offices of Residence. He’d applied ages ago for a residential status but that required proof of a job. Luckily for him, he spent some time searching for a job before he even thought about getting residential status. When the agent scans his implant at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, he grumbles but his eyes drift over Steve, loitering at his groin. Steve sighs.
Yinsen smiles ruefully. “I doubt that is true.” He chews on a piece of meat and then shrugs. “He came back a few hours ago. He had blood on him.”
“We don’t have a choice. Resources are limited.”
Both Clint and Luke gossip about the last time the prince visited Prime Station. Steve soaks it in, trying to glean any bits of information to use during the week he’ll be assigned to the royal house.
“Get it over with,” Steve hisses – his voice ruined by the wire noose around his throat.
“Get ready. As soon as I go up the ramp, I’m sure they will be there.” Steve hit the ignition and the car roared to life. He backed up out of the parking spot and headed to the exit. All the while the fuzziness in his head clouded his vision and he blinked away the blurriness. “Ready?”
“But he’s playing with your life. What happens if some of the other Conclaves start to balk at his insistence, at his plans. Who are they going to blame? Not the advisor, but the head of your faction. You know that, Tony.”
“Well, I’m assuming Strange had a plan,” Steve said. Otherwise, Steve might lose his temper and punch Strange the next time he saw the guy.  Steve inhaled and exhaled, trying to calm his frustration. The plan had been to learn as a team, to figure out how to work as a team, not to be sectioned off with Tony. Tony – who so obviously loathed him and didn’t trust him. Steve sat on the stool next to the fireplace. He needed to reach out and show he was willing to try with Tony. He gestured for Tony to join him near the fire. “Come on, he’s not going to leave us here for too long. He must have some plan.”
Tony sees Steve through saying goodbye....
“If Doctor Bruce says it’s okay.”
Pepper narrows her eyes at him, her mouth a tight line. “You’re not screwing with me, are you? Are you some kind of spy?”
“Just keep touching,” Steve says and he’s drifting on the pleasure of Tony’s hands against his feathers, his flight feathers. It’s a thrill that drives him, increases his sense of Tony.
Strange practically growled at her. “In the ways of astral projection and the soul pack, of course.”
Everything dissembled once Bucky re-appeared. The pieces were placed as if on a chess board and slowly but surely his world crumbled because he ignored the movements of the pawns in preference for the pieces with power. Now, Steve sits on a monorail car watching the foreign world around him pass with ever increasing anxiety. For all of his days, he never had to go to the mating blocks. He doesn’t even know what to expect. This one that T’Challa advised him to go to is a respectable one. It’s exclusive and only alphas and omegas with membership can go to it. Again, he’s thankful that T’Challa paid the exorbitant price for him. Even that makes him feel too much like he used to back in the 30s. He didn’t have money then. Now he has nothing as well.
“What’s the rush?” Alexander Pierce entered the already cramped cell.
Bucky has nothing to be ashamed of, it’s Steve who’s to blame for his lost limb, it’s a government bereft of care of their soldiers who fought in a war to save the nation, to piece it back together again when it split in two that’s to blame.
Tony shakes his head. “No can do. I checked it while you slept. It’s more of a fake than the real thing. He put what he wanted us to find in it and that’s it. There’s no fly controls, no stabilizer, no real engine. It’s mostly just window dressing.”
“I’m his best friend, and I happen to be an omega. You know that – so does he.” Steve didn’t like to broadcast his status. He hadn’t gone through presentation yet, not really. Not with anyone. If it hadn’t been for Erskine he would have been auctioned to the highest bidder at a Mating Block and on the end of a leash. Displayed and abused. Who knows what would have happened to him. “I’d like to do this for him. If it’s necessary.”
“So we’re being polite to the company,” Tony mutters but Logan ignores him.
Tony adds, “This is Captain Steve Rogers. He’s a member of the Army and Colonel Rhodes is here to clear him to leave with his husband. Isn’t that right, Colonel Rhodes.”
Steve figures as much. He only grunts in reply. He needs to get them the rest of the way. There’s no choice.
As they wind their way into the waiting lounge suites for the delegates, Steve ushers them into the rooms. The party enters and mingles in the main living room of the rooms. It will take a few hours before they are moved to their next part of the journey.
Tony threw himself back on the bed and blinked away the feelings, those old feeling that always crept up and haunted him from his childhood days. He wanted to tell himself that Steve Rogers was just an old man wrapped up in a young man’s body. Old people couldn’t learn new ways. They were all trying to ruin everything for everybody anyhow. Except he knew that wasn’t true. Plus, Tony was the old one. He was the one over forty. He was the one with the creaking joints and the tired skin. Lord, he didn’t even know how long he could keep on being Iron Man.
Steve followed Clint’s lead through the rain storm and into the shack, because that’s all he could really call it now that they were up close and personal with it. From the approach it looked like an ordinary cabin, but upon closer inspection the dilapidation of the structure became apparent. Clint jerked open the front door and they walked into a one room cabin that was abandoned. The fireplace to the one side had cracked stones and a broken mantle. Steve glanced at the single bed with its shattered frame and a crawling feeling went up his spine.
“Sure,” Steve says and gently pushes Tony out of the door. Tony sniffed him. The shame boils up like an ugly canker sore. “Did he smell it?” Steve smells his hand – nothing – just soap and water. “Shit.” He doesn’t have time to theorize over Tony’s incredible sense of timing and perception. He heads back to his bureau, pulls out his sleeping pants and a t-shirt with the preamble to the Constitution on it. He barely finishes drying before he dons his clothes and throws the towel in the laundry bin.
“We’re almost there.”
The kind woman whispers to another in the darkness and the Silver Knight’s gaze drifts over to the corner of the small cottage. It’s a humble place with nooks hiding small glass jars with dried herbs and roots. There are dried cuttings from flowers and the like hanging from string crisscrossing the rafters. His small cot isn’t the only one crammed into the one room cottage. There are several others lining the walls. On the wall closest to the door, he spots a basin and next to it a cutting board to prepare foods. Over behind him he feels the warmth of a hearth. The place is warm and lovely and not something he would think a demon would find solace in – but it is a place of demons.
Tony followed the man through the dark hallway, noting the musty smell and the shag rug carpet. It looked like the basement had been an apartment at one time. The man tried a door, but it was locked, and he moved to the next one. The door swung open. Not much greeted them, but a pile of cushions on the floor. No blankets, no bed. Nothing. It would do.
Tony tried not to let that comment infuse a light step to his walk but he failed. He had intended to visit the bar but instead went directly to his room. His nerves tingled and he scanned the expansive suite with its king-sized bed, pale greys, and muted pastel colors. The bed had the finest linens. There was a hint of postmodern age décor with a touch of classical furniture that easily complemented one another. The bathroom reflected the lobby with grey white marble, clean lines, and columns to accent the look. He’d been here a hundred times but seemed to be seeing it for the first time. It overwhelmed him – how gorgeous and how opulent the room was.
“You don’t trust me,” Tony whispers. He wants to mourn this truth. He’s done nothing to earn Steven’s trust. He’s punished and beaten him – he – took Steven against his will.
Rumlow knocked Rogers in the head. Tony barked a no at him at the same time Rumlow said, “Meet your new master, o4. This is Tony Stark.”
“I am currently working on all clearances. I am confident the transport should be there no later than 11 am tomorrow morning.”
was one of Steve’s most powerful trigger words. Just a whisper of that word sent him into subspace, deep and abiding for hours. A pleasure filled needy mindspace. Tony reserved the word for times he felt Steve needed it, for times after battle when the adrenaline rush was too high and the tension in his shoulders too taut. To ease it all, Tony would guide Steve to their home and bathe him, wash his hair, and then lay him out on the bed. He would use the word and then let him fall.
With no time to spare, Steve jumps to his feet and smacks the cuff clip to collect the nanobots and to activate the shield again. As expected Hulk recovers quickly and releases a howl to the winds that’s both terrifying and deafening. The clouds roll in response and for a second, Steve expects Thor to launch himself down from the sky. He doesn’t – it’s just Steve and Hulk fighting for dominance in the middle of Ultron’s play field.
It’s a week later and Tony’s in the lab working with Friday when she interrupts his virtual reality simulation with news. Standing in the middle of the lab, he wears his interface gloves and his virtual reality goggles as he renders the third draft of the implant and that’s just today. He can’t get the biochemistry right. He’s not a biochemist. He might need to call in an old friend on this one and he hates to do that – Bruce is researching in the field right now, off in India or Africa to trying to save the world. But the fact remains that Strange is right, the implant causes minute disruptions of the pressure in the blood vessels in his brain, which leads to the circulation in capillaries to be stressed – and that only results in plaques forming as the capillaries bruise. Microscopic injuries could lead to a catastrophic failure and a major stroke.
The prince arches a brow at him but bows his head. “Yes. And they would over the course of just a few minutes or so stretch you and supply lubrication.”
“This is a viral therapy that is gaining some traction in the use of delivery of drugs to the brain. It is especially appealing because of its lower side effects. While there’s a lot of research going on about controlling the immune response, Doctor Wong and I believe we can penetrate into the brain tissue and target the optical nerve.” He flicks through a few slides and Tony furrows his brow as he looks at the graphics.
“Maybe he doesn’t,” Nat said. “Look at the data, you’ll see. He deserves to have the chance to get back at them.”
“Maybe, but we can’t go tiptoeing around the truth. He’s a former slave and Pierce has got him up there in the Governor’s mansion with him so that it looks good to Washington, we all know that, Sam.”
“No, not crazy at all,” Strange said as he peered at the braided welts on Steve’s wrist. “It happened when I fought Dormammu.”
“Well, your soul, astral projection, core whatever you want to call it, says differently. It might not be with Tony, because obviously you two are not bonded like that, but it could be with someone else. Maybe the universe is just telling you to keep your options open?” Natasha said and then grabbed her milkshake. As she sipped it, she said around the straw, “So, we gonna catch a movie or no?” That eased the tension and he sat back into the cushions of the couch.
Steve glanced at Fury and the Director only lifted a brow at him. With no other recourse, Steve tugged up his cuff and placed his arm on the table. He half hoped it wasn’t there. When it appeared this morning it literally caused him to fall on his knees. He’d thought his hand had been severed from his wrist. But no – just a brand, marking the circumference of his wrist. He’d gone to medical. The serum shouldn’t have allowed it to happen – but it did.
“It’s child’s story.”
Strange lounged backward in the chair. His index finger went to his lips. “Will it now, Captain? Are you so sure that the serum wasn’t fundamentally changed as well?”
From under the robe, the man swings an AR15 and points it right at the arc reactor. Tony activates the shoulder panels of the armor and they open to reveal the small rockets. “Listen, Mister Warlord, or Lord or whatever it is. Maybe Captain Sparrow? I don’t know. I don’t want any trouble. I’m looking for a lion.”
“I can tell it’s bad because if the great Nick Fury is shivering in his black leather boots, something really horrible is lurking.”
“Sure thing. Nothing serious?” Tony asks and Jarvis pats his hand as if he’s a favored child.
Sawyer’s gaze dashed around the room, not landing on Tony. Rumlow took charge of the situation. “Sir, yes o4 is a man or was.”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Keep with me here, Steve.”
Tony laughs. “Good lord, no!” He snuggles. In a whisper he says, “You make me very happy, Blu.”
Tony sits up and rubs at his eyes. “Yeah? Is he okay?”
With a glance to Sawyer, Rumlow pointed to the computers. “The data banks will answer all of your questions. My men were instructed to never refer to the prisoner by name-.”
The omega is tight, tighter than Tony would have imagined. He throws himself into his rhythm, pounding with a particularly harsh abandon. Beneath him, the omega groans long and hard as Tony takes his hand and clamps it around the base of the man’s cock. Orgasm control and allowance is one of the ultimate shows of power. The man hangs his head and makes little whimpers as he realizes that Tony won’t allow him to come after all. The idea that the omega knows this, comprehends Tony’s power over him throws Tony into an alpha frenzy and his knot expands, swelling in the tight ass.
“Should we go over your limits? What you would like?”
“Your hole is pretty. But it needs abuse, doesn’t it?” Steve doesn’t answer right away, but the blush hits his face hot and warm. “Answer, omega.”
The lion cocks his head like a dog and then smacks his lips at Tony.
“Is Tony done already at the doctor’s?” Happy asks.
“This is an anal hook. Only masters of play should use this and while you aren’t one, I am. Plus I’m a most excellent dom. So I’m going to hook you, but here’s the kicker, I’m also going to make you use your mouth on my cock.”
“I assure you; Tony is in no immediate danger. I’ve started him on an anti-seizure medication and he’s resting. It’s what he needs right now.” Even though Strange sounds incredibly pompous and arrogant, Steve believes him.
“That’s to be expected,” Bruce said. Steve knew he was trying to be comforting, but the way Bruce watched him, analyzed his movements, just felt like how a scientist might observe a subject – an animal or an insect under the dissecting microscope.
“They can wait.”
Without another thought, he rushes headlong at the closest attacker. It must take him by surprise because he freezes and doesn’t even raise his rifle. Bucky grabs the weapon, jerks it away from the soldier, and, flipping it, uses the handle to bash the man’s head in.  Spinning, he turns the gun on the other soldier and flattens him with an energy blast. After he finishes Redwing chirps at him and Bucky rushes toward the sound.
Steve snickers. “Okay then let’s get to work.” He settles down on the couch and starts to review and assess the schedule, referencing JARVIS’ vast knowledge to find out what’s best and what’s need/required for the prince to attend. (For fuck sake’s the schedule has Tony attending a talk about current microfluidics on a distant colony that has nothing to do with the conference or the war).
“It would be best, don’t you think?” Tony stood there, not moving in the center of Steve’s beige and brown living room.
Tony doesn’t watch Steve. He keeps his eyes steadily on a pinpoint on the wall over his shoulder. Steve follows suit and reverts his focus to his lap where his hands lay useless and limp. Tony wonders if he ever itches for things not around anymore. Like rotary telephones or wringer washers. Steve sits impassively, not saying anything. In the background, Tony feels the heat of Bruce and Logan waiting for the impossible to happen. He’s not exactly sure what he expects to happen.
He smiled, but then it dropped. Maybe he just wasn’t brave enough. “I don’t think I can do that. It isn’t me.”
“Tony.” The worry in his voice rankles Tony. While Tony’s been able to hide his disability from most people, the few who know always have an adjustment period to get through before they settle down and deal with it. A new PA, though, is something of a new game for Tony as well. “If it makes you feel any better, Pepper’s been my PA for years. This is hard for me too.”
Steve cringes. “You’re sure no one can hear us on the outside?” The thought of having people listening in on him being sick to his stomach not only disgusts him but boils up that shame he always experienced as a child.
“Call her, text her, whatever and tell her to take the bike.”
“Well, your what’s right is so very wrong. And you wonder why people don’t trust you to lead the Avengers.”
“Yeah,” Steve said and accepted the offering. “Thank you, Doctor Banner.”
“Hmm? Yes?”
As the rain spattered the muddy ground, the pain ached through the bond between Tony and Barnes. He didn’t know whether or not the pain originated from his own heart or from the man standing in front of him. The assault rifle in his metal hand never wavered as he protected the twins but at the same time threatened Tony. The torment in Barnes’ eyes flashed through the bond and Tony steeled himself to strike.
He should have died. But the nanites protected him from the worst of the gamma radiation. Tony wasn’t stupid. He created nanites to answer to his every whim, why wouldn’t he ensure protection against radiation. The gauntlet Bruce used to bring back the vanished had protection as well – even the Hulk needed protection. Bruce suffered. Tony suffered. Time would heal all wounds he told himself on the battlefield as he snapped his fingers.
Relatively unharmed at this point since his resurrection, Tony directed, “You two, get him. I’ll lead the way.”
“Even in a pack,” Steve said. He furrowed his brows. “How’d you read that?”
Steve nods. He doesn’t ask what Tony thought happened. “Of course, I did. He was trying to assault me.”
“I don’t think that’s a surprise that he’s pissed,” Steve says as Tony pulls out the other thermos. Steve nods and the magic thermos fills with fresh stew. They take turns eating out of the cup Steve drained of coffee. “So old missile silo?”
With a wish of good luck, she disconnects. Tony sits quietly at the kitchen island, staring across the empty space to the fire that still happily burns. His shoulders sag and he decides first he’ll show some initiative and clean the kitchen. During the past two days, Steve has been the most domestic of them. It takes a while to clean since he doesn’t know where everything is or goes. But he gets it done and feels accomplished for it.
“But he’s.” Tony stands up and walks to the window, hands in his pockets. It’s night out. Pepper shouldn’t be working this late. He sees the surrounding areas of the complex, the wide open spaces of the parking lot, the twinkling lamps, the rolling hills leading to the city. Beyond the hills, the amber glow of the city fills the sky and blots out the stars. “He’s a mystery. Like the stars or the ocean. I don’t know if I can ever know him.”
“This place has an underground garage?” Steve smiles; his hand clenches to Tony’s, warm and sweet against his palm. The morning is distant now, the thoughts that roamed through his head compelling him to up and leave the city are alien to him. His plans have broken up like he’s on a game board and it’s splintering under his feet. He doesn’t know what the next square is, he doesn’t know his next move – all he knows is the pulse of Tony next to him, touching him.
“Can we have tea? Ma used to make me tea when I was upset or sick.”
He tries to get lost in his work, after all someone has to see to the security and figure out how the hell they are going to forge a new government now that the interim one has failed so completely and devastatingly.  Logically he knows that the interim government he and Fury set up was never supposed to last forever, he’s also very much aware how it failed on so many levels.
The ends of his consciousness tattered in an attempt to connect, to interweave with something just out of his range. He wondered at it, because it felt suspiciously like the moment when he’d tried to bond with Steve. While the memory of that moment had been like ash in his mouth, something underneath the cold memories beat with life. He failed to put a finger on it or identify it, but even as he let his mind drift now, he sensed that distant hum, a thrum really. It called to him, lost, confused, and alone. How much it mirrored his own sense of self terrified him. Maybe he was just interjecting his own feelings. After all, he was essentially just meditating. When had he gotten so deprived that he would meditate? Tony Stark was anything but deprived.
But he knew he hadn’t been, not for a long time. Loose ends struggled for purchase within him. They tangled and danced as if in a wind storm. He needed grounding. He needed an anchor, and found none. Pepper had offered so much, including herself. There was nothing more for her to give and he found it wanting. That was how much of a pig head he was. A shit head, that was it. He had no right to find her
“Tony?” Pepper said and opened the vehicle’s door.
“Does that mean I’ll drink Steve dry?” Because if that was the case, Tony needed to leave – right now. He wouldn’t put Steve in any further danger.
He kisses Tony’s neck and whispers, “I’m sorry for getting you into this mess.”
There were books at home. So many books, but his father forbade him from going into the mansion’s library. The library was for grown men, not Tony. Tony needed to stay clear of it. The public library became Tony’s haven. With his card and his little stuffed lion, Tony trotted next to Jarvis and Ana as they walked to the library. He would find out everything he wanted to know about Blu the Lion.
Nothing left.
Also, for everyone who wished me well for my surgery, thank you! I'm feeling a lot better now - just wish I had been able to write more during my recovery. Who knew I'm be out of it for so long??? But all is well now! :) Hope you like this chapter!
“What happened in Germany?” Tony asked, and Pepper leaned over to turn off the television.
“I want you to know, this week has been a wonder to me,” Tony says. His focus drops and he traces the checkboard pattern on the blanket. “I know our time is almost up.” His voice cracks. “I know I’ll miss you. You see-.”
He finishes up and is surprised at how refreshed he feels. He dries and picks up his clothes, stuffing them in the corner of the closet. He should remember to bring a bag or something for dirty clothes. He’s too used to having servants picking up after him. It only takes him a minute to get dressed – same as yesterday. Jeans, t-shirt, hoodie. He heads downstairs with only his heart rapping at his chest a little bit.
“Should have known what?” Steve said, his voice far too fierce and unyielding. “What should you have known? Where the hell am I? What the hell happened?” He didn’t want her pity, and he didn’t want her sorrow. What he wanted was the truth. He wanted to run, but he energy hadn’t returned. “Where’s Tony?”
“I want you to know,” Steve says as he crumples up the boxers. “I want you to know that I would fall for you.” He should say he has fallen for Tony, but he can’t – not now – not when he’s come to his senses.
“How about I invite him to the gala with his wife. Jan knows me. We could talk then; I might be able to convince him.” It would take some finagling to get Hank and Jan to come to the gala if Pepper hasn’t already invited them. Routinely, Tony doesn’t hang in their circles – not much anyhow -, but they are part of the same upper crust set. He needs to get to Pepper and have her invite them asap.
“That’s intimidating.”
“Suspect isn’t the right word. I think he wants to test me,” Steve said and then started to sit up, jostling Tony. “With me being so vocal as an opponent to a lot of the V-Corps policies and the new administrations orders, he wants to find out where my sympathies lie.” Steve kissed the crown of Tony’s head and then slipped out of bed, pulling up his pants. “Damn, I need to wash up a little.” Blood stains and come plastered his chest.
Bruce watches him with a dull look in his eyes but doesn’t complain. Once he finishes, Bruce points to the small bistro table set he has set up in the corner of the small kitchen.
“I could say it’s easy, but it isn’t.” Tony spread his arms wide and the display disappeared to be replaced by a litany of equations. Numbers and operations fell around them. “It’s not easy. But what I did was sit and feel it. Sounds a little hippie but it’s true. I told you I was able to manipulate the soul energies by following the resolution to an equation. So, let’s look at an easy one.” He pulled an example of one of his equations. “Each soul has numerous unknowns. But you have to assume some of the unknowns are the same between people. So, we remove those.” He wiped some of the unknowns away. “Then I wrote out some equations to represent specific characteristics. Confidentiality, companionship, mentorship. All of that for example. Each identity has each of these some more than others. If you knew anything about role playing games, you could call these character traits or something like that.”
“There you are,” Fury says as he strides up to the table. His long leather coat, dark glasses, and scowl turning Steve rigid.
As if reading his mind, his Companion said, “Separating from us felt like you punched a hole in my chest. I nearly didn’t get out of the Triskelion alive. You gotta know how important you are.”
With all the power and force he could muster, Steve captured Iron Man while he twisted around to confront Bucky. “I know who you really are. I
Tony presses hands on Steve’s waist, slipping under him to give a few tugs to his neglected cock. “I’m going to make you scream for it. I’m going to make you beg me, and then – then I’m going to make you go down on your knees and blow me before I even consider getting you off the edge.”
“Are you fucking kidding me? There’s no way.”  Tony folds his arms across his chest. “We are not getting on that thing together. No way.”
“We’ll take care of him, don’t you worry,” Steve says and thinks taking care of Tony will also be an indirect way of protecting the duchess as well. He can’t ask for more in his line of work.
Wow how long has it been since I updated this fic - over 2 years. I suppose the never say never quote is in order here. I'm sorry it took so long and I am sorry that this chapter is short. Officially, this story is back in the WIP rotation for updates. So that's a good thing! I hope you all like the new chapter. The next chapter will be very dark so be prepared!! For those of you that don't remember what happened last - this is contemporary Steve and Tony. Remember Steve cut out his own gland, almost died in the process, Tony came to the rescue. Read chapter 6 for a refresh!
“I have to call Richards.”
“Yes, I do, and you still don’t need to know them,” Fury says and his wing bristles against his side.  “Now, don’t you think you should be getting back?”
Natasha looked comfortable, interested, but through their bond he perceived a distrust. Yet, the distrust didn’t seem directed at Wong or what he was saying. Instead, Natasha lived in a state of distrust, in pessimism, in isolation.  Some small part of him understood why his soul resonated with hers. Even though Steve found his faith in people, his life now consisted of isolation with a touch of distrust. In some profound way he thought his soul reached out for solace from hers and found some part of a kindred spirit.
Sam’s usual smile faded. He went to sit up and the medical staff stepped back, allowing him. “God, Steve, I didn’t know it was that bad until everything happened. They didn’t come until after the attack on the Triskelion. The whole place just fucking blew up after that. The President declared martial law. Congress wouldn’t stand up to him. Forget about checks and balances.”
Bruce convinced Clint to get back in bed if he got him a phone. Clint asked for some privacy and they left him. While they stood out in the hallway, silence descended and Steve flinched at it. In a low voice he asked, “What was that?”
Tony bends over and, for a moment Steve thinks he’s angry, but then his arms slip around Steve and bring him into a tenuous embrace. Tony keeps a slight distance between them, but he’s there and he holds onto Steve as he cries. All the open sores, the open wounds, are raw and festering. Steve can’t stop it. No one can.
For him as they roamed the river walk, the merchants and the people especially the children brought life back to his soul, to his heart after it hibernated for so long. He knew that the events damaged his soul and that time and effort would only partially renew it. He needed to rejuvenate and change his impressions of the world in order to survive and recover. As they looked over the merchandise and he ate delicious local cuisine, Steve observed the same tentative acceptance of this new life in Tony’s demeanor and expressions. Tony meekly touched articles, art, crafts, mechanical gizmos as if asking for some silent permission. When he walked in the sun under the canopy of the dome’s force field, he did it with trepidation and Steve ended up purchasing an umbrella to use. The tightness in Tony’s shoulders dissipated as they sat by the river and listened to the sounds of life behind them.
He taps on the door and then opens it, not waiting for a response.
Blu lets out a loud purr in response.
“Yes.” Steve’s voice comes out as a croak.
"Stop," he cries out and hisses as he fucking holds himself together. "Don't."
As a young man he rebelled against the order of the caste, walked away from everything and lived free. After so many years as a child being tutored and mentored by Estane to follow the dictates of his caste, he wanted to explore and free himself from duty and expectations.  He went to the edge of the Purge Rim but was never truly in the Purge. But he saw how others lived and enjoyed the fruits of life. Even the poorest tried to eke out a living. He drank his way through worlds and fucked his way through any caste. He spent years in an alcoholic haze that still today he regrets. He feels vindicated that to this day he can still have a drink or two, or a dozen, and function. It’s who he is. Who he as Tony Stark will always be. Yet, he saw people he loved as friends and more die in the Lanes and the edge of the Purge Rim. It never occurred to him to ask about how they lived, where the children came from, what was going on. All he cared about was the next drink, the next hit, the next fuck. Except living out amongst the human populace, mostly betas and hard up alphas, he saw what his caste and his family could offer him. What his name offered him. After the death of his mother and father, taking on the mantle of the Stark family felt right. It still feels right. But did he lose something when he walked away from the freedom? Did he forget about how the other half lives? Did he forget his promises to change the worlds? Did age embitter him?
“Agreed. We have to do this logically, and slowly. We need buy in.”
Through the bond, Tony’s heart beat in unison with Steve’s. He felt the twinge of it, the emptiness pervading it. He remembered the chill of the ice. How the darkness of the ocean danced around him, like water spirits taunting him. The horror of the frigid world, trapped forever in the gloom, beckoned him. “Maybe I shouldn’t have ever been found.”
“Well, it depends on whether or not we’re in a rom-com or an action flick. Which is it?”
“The injuries are life threatening and the anomaly readings are fading.”
Yinsen smiles and picks up something from his cutting board. He tosses it in the air and the lion jumps up and plucks it out of the air. He chews it, licks his lips, and then settles back down, not hoping for more.
Coulson put his mug down on the workshop table, stuffed his hands in his pockets, and shrugged. “I’d rather not. I’d rather you take a look. They’re sending me because I’m a big fan of his, but I truly don’t believe it would impress him all that much. Now you, you might impress him, you might bring him back.”
“Off the radar of V-Corps?” Clint asked. Steve noted the sweat on his brow as the thunder rolled and the lightning flashed.
“What do you see?” Tony asks, testing him.
Tony checked his reaction. He chewed back the words and ruminated on the actions of the man he loved. He took a wild swing. “He wants us to let him go. He thinks we’ve, I need to be free of him. That’s what he said before, that’s why he’s doing this. Acting like a prick.” He shrugged off Sam’s hand and went to Steve as he munched on the last of a pita. “You’re not going to win. We’re not leaving you. I’m not leaving you.”
“I don’t know Tony-.” He doesn’t get a chance to finish, the roar echoing through the valley stops him. Hulk scrambles to his feet again and stomps up the hill. The meter deep snow doesn’t deter him at all.
Thrill pulsed through Tony and he smiled at his father. “Wow! You made this, right?” It said so in the book, so he knew he was correct.
“You’re a Captain in the US Army. He’s a playboy and a scoundrel. I’d think you’d be a little less impressed.” The woman stands there, smugly smiling at Steve like she’s caught him in her net.
“We did. Many times, we couldn’t find you. Other times, you were far too cunning-.”
“Not even a little bit. And neither did Dum Dum.” Steve chuckles.
“Valium?” That doesn’t sound like adequate seizure medication. But he finds the bottle, grabs it, and raises back to her. “What are you going to do? Put it under his tongue?”
“The one that has the Prince’s inner most confidence.” Steve rounds the table to escape Rumlow’s scrutiny.
The wind screeches around them. Tony clasps his tin cup and drinks down the soup. “So the Passage, old man? What do you think?”
In no time at all the rest of their clothes have been discarded. On the bed, side by side they kiss in small seeking kisses, not exploring, not deep, just beyond a friendly peck but this side of passionate. It’s lazy and beautiful and tingles every nerve in Tony’s body. Their needs for one another slow cooks in drowsy waves of yearning and Tony appreciates every morsel of it. Eventually he moves on, discovering the ridges and curves of Steve’s well sculpted body. Every touch and pause he makes causes Steve to hiss and shiver against his palm. When Steve reciprocates the touches, it amplifies in Tony’s head, it coils deep in his groin, it sets a blaze of want and desire in his nerves.
The pain constricted Steve’s chest and he blinked away the tears. “No.” In a whisper, Steve murmured, “Not today.”
Tony sighs and pinches his nose. “None of this makes sense.”
“Somewhat. About 120 or so parsecs out. We’re lucky that both Doctors Cho and Erskine are here at Prime Station. I have Happy reaching out to Doctor Richards and Strange to find out if they are in any danger.”
“You should sleep, Tony. You’re exhausted. The headaches are coming frequently too. Have you called Doctor Strange?” Pepper doesn’t move away, but Tony needs to – he needs space – he needs more space and he needs his freedom. He feels confined and borrowed. Borrowed as if he’s a book that’s been taken out again and again and all the words are faded away from being consumed and never paid for – he’s wasted.
He peers over his shoulder for a second, the whole of the building trembles beneath and over him. The pillars are failing and the troopers are converging on them. As they close in on them, the troopers open fire. Without any other options Bucky hoists Steve into the large pipe.
“Tie her up to me,” Steve says. “You know how to do a good knot?”
“Those things you did,” Steve said. “It wasn’t you.”
“Believe me,” Tony whispers and gathers Steve in his arms and kisses him. “Don’t think less of me. For all my life people have thought less of me because of my name. Please don’t you start.”
“You could start thinking about it as a gift rather than a sentence,” Sam said. “Have you even talked to Stark?”
There he goes again, using the royal we, they. Is he really determined to get Blu away from here as well? This is a fine and quiet place for the lion to live his days. There is no one around for at least a few miles. Sure, the poppy farmers aren’t far but what would they be doing exploring the inhospitable rocky hillside. No poppies could grow here and from what Tony’s seen there are no villages close. A lion could live out his days here and be safe.
“Yeah, that was part of it, sure,” Bruce said but then he added, “He went after me when I changed. It was a complete disaster. I kind of crushed Harlem back then. Something was wrong with my change. They pretended it was the Harlem riot in ‘64. But it wasn’t. He wasn’t the Secretary back then of course. He was an up and coming political star.”
“I’m the Commander of the Honor Guard, I shouldn’t have to-.” He hisses through his teeth and tries not to let the surge of helplessness, the remembered feelings as he forced Tony to leave to overcome him. He won’t breakdown in front of the director. He always keeps his shields intact.
“Can’t, someone’s gotta look out for you,” Buck replies and he stares at Tony. “He’s gonna hurt you, Stevie. Don’t go getting hurt over it. Don’t do that, Stevie.”
He grappled against her, but the tiny movements only worked for her as she stroked his cock and then wrapped her other hand around his waist and then lower, pushing a finger into his ass. He screamed around the gag as Ross smirked. He shook his head, denying that it felt anything like a real orgasm. It felt dirty and ugly and he hated Ross and the vampire as he climaxed. It was weak and tore away at his integrity and honor. With self-abhorrence settling in his bones, he apologized to Tony.
“No,” Steve hisses. “Bucky, you are a pain in the ass. It’s not like that. It’s -.”
Brutal. Harsh.
The omega bows his head and Tony feels the defeat run through him. At the same time, he feels the jitters of his muscles as if surrendering is a foreign thing to him.
Tony feels the heat burn his face and his temples warm. Obie knows him too well.
“Look at you. I could look at you all day and never be tired.”
“I’m grateful you brought your doctor here, you’re welcome to stay. I’m just the sheriff, trying to protect a town no one else cares about.”
Tony releases a breath and shivers against Steve who encompasses him in his big arms. Steve shushes him when he tries to explain his fear. “I thought-.”
“I don’t – I-.” He pauses and then points to Tony’s chest. “I did the best I could. I hope I was right the way I install, I put it in, the hole. I mean I never did anything like that before.”
“Really?”
“Is it?” He jerks himself out of his reverie and spins the ship pushing it downward toward the bottom of the station.
“Here we go, Barton.” Tony snorts. “Watch this.” He lets loose the arrow and it hits its target with the thud – dead center. Steve frowns. He’s never seen Tony do that before and he’s watched the man play darts enough.
"Are you so sure?" Tony says and slips fingers under his palm and entwines his hand within Steve's.
The sword swings downward, sluicing through the air. The sound of it cuts out the silence. It’s a jagged thing and Steve barely has time to pull the shield from his back and block the vicious attack. Using the shield as his weapon and his defense Steve attempts to gain ground on the Ultron construct of Clint.  Unfortunately, Steve realizes too late that the only thing he can control in this world, is his reactions to it. Assuming the world around him remains stable and defined weakens his ability to protect himself.
“Well, isn’t that nice.” Not even an itch of surprise. Fury cocked the brow over his eye patch and templed his fingers.  “Tell no one else.”
Steve’s plate is clean. “Sometimes.”
Tony flinches and Steve backs off. He hates the idea of intimidating anyone (well, not honest to goodness villains); he’s not a bully. He drops Tony’s wrist and exhales heavily and audibly. “Please tell me why the outer rim looks just like Barton’s farm.”
Tony frowned. “Who owns the place?”
They hadn’t. Not really. Not since the whole horrible mess occurred and both Tony and Steve needed time to reset and recuperate. Tony admitted; it wasn’t easy. Steve left often to go to the safe house where Barnes and the twins stayed. He went there to help them acclimate, to work with Hill and Fury on their integration into the team, and to be counseled by Thor as to how to guide the team. Thor often stayed at the safe house. Nat split her time between the Tower and the safe house. The only constants in the Tower were Sam, Bruce, Tony, and Steve.
Facing the guard, he asked, “You keep calling the specimen an it. What exactly is it?”
“And if we don’t get buy in?” Steve asks. “Do we go rogue?”
“You want a beer, soda, water?” Steve plops the dough into a big plastic bowl and covers it with a clean dishtowel.  Coffee is suspiciously absent in the list of drinks.
The servant corridors are more functional than beautiful. There aren’t as many windscreens to see the starscape or the hyper-scape outside. A few small portholes are spaced throughout but infrequently. He heads in the direction of the omega’s quarters as he questions Penny.
Steve hears a clacking behind him and then the duchess sidles up to him. Pepper is all business and professional. “Agent Rumlow, the Avengers’ Crew does not need you to sweep for bombs. We have our own security and therefore you are not permitted on Prince Stark’s ship.” She turns briefly to Steve. “Thank you. You can go back to your quarters now.”
Thank you for reading! It's been a blast!
He disappears through the archway to the main living room of the penthouse. Steve watches him, unsettled and intrigued. Tony is more than just a man, he’s more than a blind man. Steve shoves away his circling thoughts, he could go down with them, sinking further down like a whirlpool infinitely spinning. He picks up the towel and tosses it in the laundry bin in the room adjacent to the kitchen. He checks the time; he has about an hour before he needs to get Tony for the Strange visit.
“You are truly evil.”
“I’m not even sure what corner you’re talking about,” Steve said. He recalled all of what Tony had said, all of what had happened. He’d died and Tony resurrected him with vampire blood – no Divini blood. He lapsed into a coma and now fought his way out of it. The world felt bigger, grander than it had before, yet he couldn’t parse why he felt that way. It was as if he stumbled upon a great and wonderful secret. When he searched their faces he glimpsed smiles and pride amongst them. “What’s wrong? Why are you all here?”
“Viola-?” He swallowed hard as he processed the question. “Like raped?” He shook his head. How could she even think that? “No, no, not at all. I wanted it. I -.” He closed his eyes and pulled his hand away from her again as the tears burned. The shame boiled over until he thought he couldn’t stand the taste of it, the feel of it. “I would have begged for it.” He should be locked away. Perverse. There was something wrong with him. “I’m so ashamed.”
Though Tony was sure that they had their orders not to kill him, he still had to stay away from the small wooden stakes. It baffled him why a wooden stake would kill him but not an iron or metal one. Thor had told him once that it had to do with the ways of magic and that wood from trees connected them to nature while metal and the like were never alive. It made no sense to Tony, then or now. He dove away from a flurry of fists, but one got him in the side and he felt the poison of the wood in his torso. The wound wasn’t deadly, but it weakened and brought him to his knees.
“I guess,” Steve shrugs. “My mom was Irish Catholic.”
“There are offices on the lower decks. The upper decks are the quarters. Mid-ship is the bridge, the galley, and lounge. You’ll find the lower deck also houses the main workshop. You might spend some time there.” As they enter a lift to go to the quarters, Pepper says, “You’ll have full access to your quarters, to the prince’s quarters when he allows it, and the mid-ship except for the bridge. You won’t see the engine room at all or any of the offices. If you are found where you don’t belong, you will be immediately arrested and sent to the Stark Systems for trial. I would recommend you avoid that.”
Steve rubs his hands down his jeans. “Okay. I’ll get some firewood and then I may go up to my room for a bit to work, if you don’t mind?”
“And does that mean you’re his omega now? When did this happy little event happen?”  The Colonel wasn’t about to wilt at Steve’s demands.
Remarkably, the turning point comes when Steve escorts Tony on a walk across the island. There are footpaths from the docks to the house and then out to the different areas of the shoreline. There are a few other houses on the island – all lived in by the staff who care for the estate. Most of them have been vacated during Tony’s stay, but a few are still occupied. Mainly with Wanda, her brother, and Vision. After the first night’s explosion, Vision had been able to get Pietro’s documents in order and Tony prodded Steve to check them. He truly hated that job because he wasn’t a lawyer and said as much to Tony. Tony only waved him off and told him he needed someone to check it and he would have the attorneys look at it once they sent the documents to Pepper. Everything did end up checking out. Pietro was in and so they had a staff of three on property.
“A concoction from Doctor Banner. Something he would like you to drink twice a day,” Jarvis says and offers Tony a cookie on a plate.
Steve steps away from Tony. “I’m wearing a towel. I spilled something and had to clean up.”
"I'm just a kid from Brooklyn."
“The Lakehouse,” Clint says with a crocked smile as if he’s trying to flirt with the good Captain and get him to soften up. That’s just over the top to Tony.
The hesitation isn’t slight’ it’s downright behemoth. The pause becomes so uncomfortable that Sam jerks a little to the side and Steve’s eyesight blurs again. He claps a hand over his eyes. The haziness of his vision is enough to cause his stomach to rebel.
The silence weighed. Filling empty spaces happened to be something that Tony regularly did. He hated vacuums, they reminded him too much of space. “So.” He sighed and looked everywhere but at Bucky. As he stared at the porcelain sink attached to the wall with the exposed pipes, he said, “Sorry I blew your arm off. I wasn’t intending to.”
Steve ducks into the shuttle only to be impressed by its size inside; the fear of claustrophobia melts away. It’s not large by any means but it is open and sleek like everything else Tony’s designed. He touches the side of the vehicle and his hands slides over the surface. It’s well crafted and thoughtful in its form and function, Steve can already see that fact. Its artistry causes an ache deep inside Steve like he’s missing a limb.
“If you promise to watch it with me?” Steve says.
Of course. Tony designed and planned out a place for the team, the pack, and never informed him of anything. Though they’d only been bonded for a few weeks and he doubted that Tony had done all of this in the intervening weeks, Steve would have liked to have been informed. Then he thought about the information on Bucky, how he had waited until he verified everything before approaching Tony. He understood a little of Tony’s argument, though he still stood by his own decision to get all of his ducks in a row before going to Tony with the truth. He pressed his lips together in a tight line. “I didn’t know that Tony had done that. Not really.”
“You won’t have time. He’s here.”
“But we have all the time in the world, right? It isn’t like a ton of time is passing on the outside.”
“It isn’t.”
“Just be with me,” Steve says. He doesn’t ask for money – not this time.
“Cancer?”
“Just drink.” The pleading in Clint’s eyes went straight to Steve’s heart – Clint couldn’t be blamed. He was fighting for his loved ones, for his children.
Steve arrived shortly after they made their plans to network over the globe to all the covens, not just the ones in the United States. Ross had a ton of influence throughout most of the Western world and some pull in the East as well. They needed to know who would support the United States’ movement and who would not. A new division of nations on how to deal with vampires grew as the conservative United States led the way towards stricter and stronger controls on the vampire community.  With this new development, the allure of immortality would shift the tide against vampires. There would be no safe harbor.
“Clear out! Clear out!” Steve yelled, and Bucky lurched forward as if to attack Tony while at the same time Iron Man grabbed at the chest plating.
"I can't do this. I can't. You're too hurt and I don't know. There's something wrong, your injuries look days old but you're getting sicker by the minute. Did they give something?" Tony says and wonders if the terrorists would use a biological weapon. "Something infectious?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony can’t curtail a smile from curving his lips. “That’s some speech there. I like the cocky attitude. I like how you think. I’m not interested in what you want to do five years from now, nor am I interested in how you work on a team. I want you to know that being my PA means that you are totally one hundred percent dedicated to me. You would move into the Tower. You would be at my beck and call all day and all night. You will have one day off every ten days-.”
“I need to know where your inhaler is. Is it in your backpack?” Steve nods again. Black dots appear before his eyes and he struggles to breathe. Tony frowns. “I’m going to run down a list of where the backpack could be. You need to nod when I get to it. In the lab?” A nod. “Thank God. Okay, now by the door?” A shake. “Okay on the bench by the door?” Another shake. “Fuck. Okay. Did you fucking put it on the lab bench like I told you not to?” A nod. “Thank God. It’s close.”
“I’m not sure I can do anything for anyone if I can’t-.” He doesn’t finish the sentence.
“I like to tinker, invent stuff. I know it’s not my station in life. That’s for betas, but for me it’s relaxing,” Tony says and welcomes Steven to his workshop. Steven touches the main workbench and slides his hands over the tabletop. He picks up some of the different pieces of tech that Tony’s working on. “I call that the arc oscillator. It will revolutionize the whole industry.”
Is this the beginning of the end for Tony and Steve?
“No, no,” Tony said and stumbled to try and stand.
“It’ll only scare the shit out of you,” Bucky had said.
“Anything?” Steve says. Tony’s doing this to distract him. It’s a great tactic, because it’s working. “Sure, why not?”
“Always.”
Later, lying with her in his arms, Tony stared into the darkness as the jet flew over the open prairie lands of the States. His mind whirled around how he couldn’t lose her, but how the darkness growing within him would eventually drive her away. Maybe it was that same darkness that split him off from the soul pack. Maybe he couldn’t bond because he had been touched by the death knell of something. He’d closed his eyes in space and expected to die. He never thought he would fall back to Earth. In that he supposed somehow he was the same as Rogers. Captain America closed his eyes when the water of the cold ocean rushed over him and he accepted his fate. He died. Tony accepted his – or maybe he never did. Maybe that was his fault.
He clamors to his feet and takes off his shoes and socks, wading into the water after he folds up his pantlegs. The water is cool against his hot skin. “Come on big fella, let me check your wound.” Blu stops splashing in the water and turns to Tony, revealing the ugly cut. Tony swears it’s smaller than before and not as angry. He frowns. Maybe he judged it wrong earlier. “It doesn’t look too bad. Just gotta keep it clean.”
“Well, it’s good those German classes didn’t go to waste. But here,” he said and flipped the pages. “Here is his own code or something. I can’t make heads or tails of it. Something about integration. I have no idea what it means.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Mer Rogers, you seem perturbed. Is there something I can assist you with?”
Onward the day marches.
All the same, Steve stated, “He’ll come back.”
He bows a little. “Thank you, Duchess.”
Steve lowers his weight onto Bucky and avoids looking at the pus sluggishly oozing from the new wound. "How did it happen? How could it get bad like that? He's only been gone a a half dozen or so hours."
"Yes, sure, I just- I'm good. Thank you Agent Coulson."
It got darker in the room. The lights never wavered, but the world around Tony funneled to a fine pinpoint. His father had many sides. In his younger years his father had been a brilliant playboy and an architect of the survival of the SSR. As he aged paranoia set in and he looked for ways to secure his legacy. Taking a younger wife and having Tony had been one way. Other ways included joining up with the Movement. This – this horror topped it all. What could this man and any of the others his father must have used in the secret facility possibly done to deserve any of this? And what could they possess to warrant continual experiments?
A flash of white again and he falls to the cot – a scream curdles out of his throat and he sees a man in a white armor, he sees stones of different colors, he sees a gauntlet powerful and terrible all at once. An arm on his shoulder jerks him out of the vision.
Inside his core, in his chest his heart throbbed a battle beat like he fought the legions of the Red Skull again. He marched onward toward the fields of corn and barley. He ignored the whipping of the stalks as he trampled through the rows of corn. He thought of nothing but the need to go, to flee, to disappear. He refused the images of home, of the Tower, of his soul pack. His chest drained of hope and he ached. He could cover miles, he could keep going. No one would find him. He could cut himself off and never see another soul again.
“Steve?” Pepper says around a mouthful of food. “No. He’s not.”
“They aren’t your slaves, Tony. You can’t treat them like that.”
Rumlow shrugged at them. “You don’t want to acknowledge the wealth of information and the gem you got here, that’s not up to me, sir.” He snorted. With one last revolution, the mask split open and Sawyer helped Rumlow with the ports that had been drilled into the Captain’s skull. Tiny trickles of blood dripped down his face like tears. Once the mask fell away, Rogers bowed his head and blinked, though he fought to keep his eyes open even through the tears and the obvious pain the lighting brought him.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Tony said as he watched Rumlow exit the elevator on the cell level.
Tony finds himself sitting on the edge of the couch. “I don’t know if I have the right to ask this, but can I?” He motions to the couch. It’s wide, not exactly wide enough for both of them, but he could sneak onto it easily enough.
His biggest fear is that Loki happens to be attracted to power – he might have end up with Schmidt. A headlong crash into Schmidt’s ranch might lead to ruin, and Steve knows it. He’s not going to shy away from danger or fear. Steve would like to keep it free of violence but he doubts that will happen.
“Is fucked, but it will last me the day.” Tony reaches back to find Steve’s hand and curls it around him. Steve’s hand falls on the plate of the device in his chest. Tony lifts Steve’s hand to his lips. “Or more.”
The familiar figure looks up from his hunched position. He smiles that smirk Steve’s known for a thousand years. “Bout time you showed up. Thought you were just going to leave me here, like you did when I fell.”
When the second day dawned, and Tony had sunk exhausted against the bed, Steve whispered, “Why?”
“You think that sweet ass of Stark’s could be yours?” Bucky snickers. “He would eat you alive. You got nothing but a few dark alley hook ups and quick one nighters. You think he wants someone as inexperienced or as filthy as you?”
The youth next to him pulls the cigarette from his lips and smiles. “Funny, ‘cause my Soul’s named Winter.”
“Identification.”
“Then you will cease,” Frigga says, and the white light turns to a beautiful yellow light and consumes everything in the realm. The power of the Soul Stone realized.
Steve gambles then, he fumbles to sit up and fold his one wing. It hurts, but he reaches out and pulls Tony toward him. His mouth is on Tony’s before he can say anything, and he’s tasting and nipping at him. The slide of tongues and the fact that Tony’s hands press Steve closer tells him everything he needs to know. He wants Tony, he wants the bond to grow, to strengthen and be Absolute.
“What is wrong with you? Calm down,” Sam said as Steve’s kicking upset the tray table, knocking it over and the phone with it. It tumbled to the floor.
"You're not damned, you know," Tony says, as if he’s read Steve’s thoughts, knows his reservations. He's not deterred at all and this surprises Steve. He would have guessed that a person like Tony, someone born into and used to all that the best of society could offer, would be angry, even dissuaded in his pursuit, but he isn't. Instead, Tony offers words to soothe what he perceives is Steve discomfiture.
“Maybe he wants to have sex?” Bruce states this as if he’s talking about Tony taking Steve out for an ice cream cone and a walk in Central Park. Tony nearly swallows his tongue. He’s not ready for this conversation, not with Bruce and especially not with Steve. When Tony doesn’t respond, Bruce looks away from the pile of tangled wires and studies him instead. Being under the scrutiny of a man about to burst into a green rage monster at any minute unsettles Tony and he inwardly cringes but manages to keep his false facade. Bruce ignores him and asks, “Do you want to have sex with him?”
“Is it so unbelievable that the existence of soul bonds and soul packs has eluded the human consciousness and knowledge? Magic, what I do, is not accepted by Western civilizations. I didn’t accept it when I first encountered it.  You’ve heard the word soulmate but just shrugged it off as a fairy tale. Not so. The timeline changed and with it, the reality of what soulmates are. They are real.”
“So, I’m a super soldier now?” Nothing computes.
“Well, not so good anymore,” Bruce said, and he finished accessing JARVIS’ security parameters. “Look at this.”
“Jesus, I thought I’d lost you again.”
Steve, though, he had it worse. His job centered on keeping the vampire population in its place. After that first encounter, when they mated and then Tony dragged him off to fix his soul, Steve had confessed his fears. “When we fought World War II, it was different. While a lot of discrimination still happened, the vampires – they were accepted. I remember sitting with Peggy and Gabe – how they were so hopeful that after the war things would be different. They wouldn’t have to go back into the shadows. I even had a little crush on Peggy.”
“But we do it our way,” Tony agrees.
Tony groans. He pushes onto Steve’s finger and then in a while a second finger gains entrance and Tony jerks and a warm spurt of precome splatters on his belly.
“Yeah, I don’t think going hiking is going to be on the schedule. It’s pretty nasty out there,” Steve says and sits back. He belches a little and excuses himself. “More coffee?”
Not waiting for the coffee, because he doesn’t have time, Steve jumps right into the heart of the matter. “So everything’s done then? Ultron’s eliminated?”
Tony continues, “I can’t tell you how grateful I am to her. To Rhodey -.” Tony waves his friend up on stage. “Colonel James Rhodes everyone. Serving our country every day.”
“I don’t think that was my doing,” Steve said. Otherwise, if it was, then Steve would have to come face to face with the fact that he chose Tony – a man – for his Beloved.
The energy waves enfolded them. It felt a little like standing underneath the cosmic stars of equations Tony designed to mathematically represent their soul pack. Yet, it switched and transformed into a kaleidoscope of their souls’ energies, mixing and merging, colliding and collapsing all at the same time. As the worlds of their souls swirled around them, it focused down, narrowed to only the Beloved bonds. The facets of their souls grew into a crystalline dimension of space forever linking them together. He heard Tony gasp at the geometric beauty of it, experienced the reflection of his emotions through the bond, and saw their bonds as Tony did in a strange kind of shadow of his own perception. The wonder within stretched outward, brought their senses – all of them – into play until every nerve tingled, until the sounds of their souls became a symphony, until they tasted their energies, and luxuriated in each other’s fragrance. The sights astounded Steve, but the one thing that made him breathless, that made him weep was the touch. Too touch Tony’s soul was to touch the sun and never get burned. A kiss paled in significance. And as he accepted, and Tony offered, as Steve offered, and Tony accepted, the sensations only built until he cried out and all the wonder burst through a conflagration of senses.
Pietro is the easiest to find. He’s out on the running path stretching and getting ready for an afternoon jog. Steve corrals him and sends him into the house. It takes another half hour before he finds both Vision and Wanda. He never wants to think about how he found them again. He had no idea. He doesn’t need that picture in his brain, but now he can’t unsee it. Wanda can’t stop giggling at his obvious embarrassment and Vision stays stone cold froze in his reaction of being caught in his birthday suit in the pantry.
Tony cuts him off with a disparaging laugh. “Don’t go all sentimental on me, Obie, not with that motherfucker.”
He must make a face because Steve asks, “What is it? Do you need meds? Have a headache?”
“Red Skull gang,” Bucky says and he heaves in a long breath as if trying to clear his head. He pays for it, and groans against the pain.
“He did a lot for the soldiers, a lot for my unit, the Howling Commandos.”
“Not you,” Steve says. “He’ll never come back with you along. Clint, go get Bucky and pack up. Drag him back to town.”
With a crescent moon shining down, Tony spots Blu walking back to their camp. He throws down a fish next to his feet. The lion is soaking wet with a disgruntled, disgusted look on his face. Tony smothers his laughter. Apparently, lions don’t like to fish. Still, he’s grateful for the meal. He goes about cleaning it. He’s only done it once before when he went on a trip with Rhodey in college. His friend taught him. It was the one and only time Tony ever fished.
“I know what happened to you,” Natasha said and reached out to touch his face. He flinched but allowed her to do it. “It’s spectacular, how you’ve transformed.”
A long time ago, Steve and his mother saw a vid that contained ancient, spliced footage of
It was so much more than Tony could have dreamed. He stands in front of the cross now. There are spots of blood on the metal grooves. The grooves have tiny spikes at the nipples and at the waist. Steven particularly liked the nipple spikes and rubbed against them in a kind of ecstasy as Tony came.
“My friends aren’t well,” Steve murmurs. He’s weaker than Tony thought. He looks up at Tony and his eyes are bleary with the pain. “After we escaped, I took care of them as best I could.”
“You sniveling little filth. This is what you do? You’re supposed to be a genius. But you play with dolls. What kind of fucking sissy boy are you?” He tossed the stuffed toy in the trash and then back handed Tony across the room.
“And that doesn’t include the freedom to love anyone?”
“Well, that’s not exactly-.” Tony started, but then Maria Hill walked into the conference room from a side corridor, surprising Steve. He hadn’t invited her and didn’t know whether he should ask her to leave or if someone (Tony?) had requested she attend.
A different tacit might get him some place. “SHIELD treating you right. Lots of lab tests?”
“Breakfast will be ready in fifteen minutes, shall I set another plate?”
It’s the same story everywhere so that when they trudge back into the brothel, the exhaustion eats away at his dignity and pride. He hasn’t been made to feel less, or even like the label on his registration (whore) all the time he’s been at the brothel. When he returns and Natasha comes to check on his wardrobe, he opens his empty hands.
He won't give it up and he'll be damned if he's going to leave Steve behind in this hell. “Stevie, I can’t get this damned thing off.” He wishes he could remove the caps over Steve’s eyes – at least let him see the light, Bucky’s face, anything to show him that this nightmare is ending. He can’t get his fingers between the mesh of the wire to remove them. That’s when Redwing flutters down next to Bucky and then hops over to Steve’s side, bobbing along his hand and then pushing at it.
“On a massive scale. That’s entanglement on a universal scale.”
Tony shifted and turned around to look at Steve. “Really, you would like to spend time in the workshop?”
“Are you ready?” Tony says as he walks into the room.
“What are you going to have?” Tony touches the rim of the plate with his thumb, getting an idea for the circumference. The wrap is warm and the avocado just the right amount of spicy.
“That means,” Steve started but failed to continue again. It meant that Natasha and Thor had died at some time in the distant past as well and had been revived. It meant that Tony had died. It meant that Steve had been impotent to help Tony. It meant that all of the years that Steve worked to stop the torture of vampires within the ranks of the V-Corps was for naught.
Tony nods and straightens his shoulders. “We go.”
“I know what you’re going to say Tony,” Steve says and the slightly off, the too earnest attitude Steve portrayed over the last few weeks is nowhere to be found. “You’re going to ask me about the seizures. Is the serum working? Should we call in specialists. Don’t worry, I have them under control. Usually, I can tell when they’re coming on. There’s nothing to be concern-.”
He glances down at his hands; the simple band is on his ring finger. He touches it, spinning it on his finger. “I didn’t mean for it to be real.”
“Hmm.” Steve puts his hands on his hips. Part of his job is to ensure the prince is well rested and him staying up all night staring out at the nebula alone is ridiculous and counterproductive. “Is it the same lounge the luncheon was served?”
Steve keeps his cock in place. “You want me to go and get something to clean up? Take care of you?”
Within the room, Peter sits on the floor with a mechanical device that seems to be popping some kind of miniature lightning into a small flat wooden cart with wheels. To Steve’s astonishment the crackles of lightning charge the cart and cause it to move jerkily around the room.
Steve stared at the road. Admitting an addiction might be the first step to recovery, but what if that addiction also meant the difference between life and death. “Did you just stop seeing Natasha?”
Tony thinks about it. “If you don’t mind, I have some emails and stuff to answer. I could just do it here, with you?”
“He’s out of it, but okay,” Cho reported. “Whatever you did, or tried to do, don’t do it again.” She accepted the blanket offered to her by a nurse and wrapped it around Steve’s shoulders.
Tony nods and walks over to Clint. “Can I give it a shot?” He reaches for the bow.
Steve bowed his head in agreement.
Before Clint moved, the door to the prison cell creaked open again and a long shadow from the light in the door way fell over his fellow agent. Steve watched as Clint flinched.
“Let me go!” Steve orders.
Tony considers him, studying how the sunken eyes remaining surprisingly alert. An intelligence flickers through the blue of his eyes and his expression only twists imperceptibly as he assesses Tony as well. He looks like he holds the secrets of the world behind those eyes.
With one last glance at Steve, Tony shot over the stone fortress that looked like something out of the Middle Ages and zeroed in on their wayward pack members. He should be searching for the scepter, not rounding up their lost members. He grimaced as he watched a contingent of von Strucker’s gang converge on the twins and Bucky. Should he call him Bucky or was he watching the Winter Soldier in action? Something bitter and vile bit at the back of his throat.
“To sleeps,” Tony says and then whispers. “I love you.”
“You’re enjoying this a little too much.”
It had startled, the use of his name again. Tony had listened.
“Tony, this is only asking for trouble. What will the others of the Council do?” Pep says. “And you said you would never sync with an omega that wasn’t willing.”
“And what kind of warrior would I be if you did that? I am your lead warrior after your Master of the Fleet. You won’t do that. You can’t do that.” He knows the ways of the Council and the Families that run the Council and the government – that’s obvious. He isn’t cowed by simple words or threats that Tony cannot go through with.
Natasha crossed her arms. “And what does that mean for the safe house?”
She smiled. “All of them.”
“Quick?”
“Together.”
Tony remained mum. The pressure of his choices, of what happened in the past. weighed on his shoulders, though he never felt like Atlas but more like Sisyphus. The burden of his past was only a rock on his shoulders that he trudged up a hill over and over only to have it roll back down again.
Hiring Clint was one of the best things they did once they’d decided that Steve had too much on his plate – what with him helping Tony out in the lab, working on his bestselling comic book under Asgardian Comics, plus his continued focus on his fine arts portfolio. Luckily, Sam and Bucky directed Clint to them from the Rehab center they ran in D.C.. Clint had been looking to relocate to New York City. It worked out for the best.
Tony clasps a hand over one of his hands. “Listen to me, this is the way to do this. I will be responsible for you. Your team will be pardoned and you stay out of prison. I am not even dragging your friend along with this. Wherever he is, he stays. That’s the deal. It brings people home. Don’t you think that Clint wants to go home, or Scott?”
“Mainly technical drawing. We did projects for drafting communication devices like phones and computers, but also more advanced engineering projects. I did one on solar panels and on a Bugatti. We used a lot of computer graphics in that class. So, it really led nicely into the digital art classes I took.” Steve falls silent as Tony gazes at him.
“His condition is very serious, Sheriff, I’m not sure there’s much more I can do.”
“Steve?”
“That’s not fair. I can’t answer that question, Sam.”
Tony agrees and they find their way through the overgrown garden to the cottage where all the occupants have arisen for the day. Frigga looks at them and intuitively understands.
“Multi-tasking to the extreme,” Steve mutters. “Great. Does this room have the same abilities that my room has – like the projections. Remember how you had the starfield projected in my room when I first arrived?”
Checking the lock, he pulls out his blaster again and fires. The bolt breaks and falls away. He half-expects a barrage of troopers to come racing down the hallway of the prison block. No one appears and it jars him more than he thinks possible. He twists the knob of the prison door and pushes it, ignoring the fact that he knows – knows deep in his belly that this is a set up. It’s not going to be Steve – it’s someone – or something else.
He steps further into the corridor, hoping to find some hint of where Tony headed. He throws a glance back at their storage closet and then moves into the shadows of the first arch. He hears a mechanical sound like gears engaging. It’s too loud to be Tony’s armor. The sound abruptly stops as quickly as it started. He realizes too late that it must have been a service elevator. Turning on his heel, he heads back to their hideout only to find that the corridor has changed. The storage closet has been replaced by a dead-end.
“Fuck, I mean I’m just here to apologize, not to have a philosophical discussion about when and if I should try and convince you that you’re wrong. I mean I know you are and all.” Tony babbles, and he wants to shut the fuck up but his mind races beyond his control. “But that’s maybe not my business. You have your principles and that’s important. Not only for you, but the whole damned world that you put on your shoulders! Principles that are out of date, but I can’t – I can’t force you to think a different way.” Tony runs both hands through his hair and then glowers at Steve. “You know, Natasha didn’t say anything about you not accepting my apologize. She made it seem like it would be easy.” He cringes.
“Shakespeare.” Steve shifts and sits up. His head feels light, and he leans forward onto his arms to balance himself. “I loved that book.”
“I know,” Steve said. “I saw them when I first came out of the ice.” His smile had dropped then as he sat in the bed with the tray over his lap. They were in their mating honeymoon. They hadn’t left the bed for three days; they’d spent it in each other’s arms. “When Fury told me what had happened. How the Vampire Wars had decimated what hadn’t been scorched from WWII, I couldn’t believe it. All that progress gone.”
Tony doesn’t answer; he’s deeply asleep.
“What’s your name?”
He went to the barn, giving only a quick wave to his pack mates before finding his way through the darkness up to the loft. He stopped at the door, wondering if he would be welcome. The tiny lantern near the side of the bed flickered with its electric light trying to emulate a candle. It barely offered enough light to brighten a 5 inch radius. Steve’s face lay in shadow on the pull-out bed, so Tony couldn’t discern if he was awake.
“How does it work?” Steve muttered as he closed his eyes. “You know, the toxin, the antidote. Even the coagulant. How does it work?”
Steve grimaces. “No. Of course not. I never even- ever again with him. No!”
Steve yanked his arm away. “Fine then.” He walked into the small galley kitchen in the apartment that also served as the hallway to the single bedroom and bath. “You can go - I have a lot to get done.”
Nat didn’t take offense to his reaction but Fury had. He had leaned forward in the booth and glared at Tony with that one angry eye. “What about the fate of the free world do you find funny, Stark?”
The leader tells his men to stop and Steve turns over with a groan. In broken English, the leader says as he points to Steve. “You do. You do. He dies, you don’t do.”
“Opposed?” Tiberius looks Steve up and down with a snarl on his lips. “Did I say opposed?”
He laughed but it held no humor. “It isn’t hard, not with a few tricks to get people to talk and tell you stories.”
He can’t recall anything, any sequence of events that she refers to. He must look puzzled because then she adds, “You’ve been pretty out of it, Steve.”
After, Tony had to unlock the bindings and help him to clean up. Steven had shuddered in his bed later and curled in on himself so much so that the pang of guilt grew in Tony’s chest like a poisoned seed. He sat there on Steven’s bed as the omega drifted off to sleep. They were in Steven’s room, attached to the presentation suite. Tony edged closer to Steven as he slumbered and laid down, spooning around him. He wrapped an arm around Steven, and kissed his neck. Only then he heard a sigh and sweet words that weren’t meant for him at all.
Before they can get into an argument, Natasha steps into the room with the wheelchair. “Happy’s waiting.”
He’s missed life again. He studies both of them, trying to make out how long it’s been. He doesn’t ask, because part of him doesn’t want to know. When did he become a coward? How is that even possible?
“Bonded? The the infamous An’Tony Stark bonded?” That came from behind him and he finds An’Furin shaking his bald head and clapping his hands. In his one eye socket is a computer uplink to the Viz-nets that he had implanted when he lost his eye in combat. It’s disturbing but Tony imagined useful.
Steve held his tongue and his worry as Clint swooped the helicopter through the churning, threatening cloud cover. The fighter jet was lost in the distance and the thunder roared around them. “Who’s we?” Steve needed to talk otherwise he might panic.
Tony dismissed his fears and finished his shower – scrubbing and rinsing efficiently. He toweled dry and dressed quickly choosing a pair of black jeans and a t-shirt to match. The t-shirt had no graphic art on it – Tony wasn’t in the mood. Most of the time he liked to wear different bands and show his appreciation of classic rock. Today felt different. He didn’t wait for his hair to dry and rushed to the elevator for JARVIS to take him to his destination, forgetting completely about breakfast.
“Don’t think I can wait that long. My fingers are purple.” His usual deft hands are clumsy and bungling as he works to light the burner.
“Come on, Steve, we’ve been in this nowhere town for ages. You said when you took the Sheriff position that you’d bring me on as your deputy then you took on Clint instead. What am I here for?” Bucky stares him down and Steve can never defend against his friend’s assassin like gazes.
Cho surrenders to her like so many others in her past. Sometimes it breaks her a little inside to see it.
Stashing everything he needs in the bag, Steve races back up the stairs and up the second flight to Tony’s room. When he gets there, Tony is in the bed and a little more aware. He lists to the side and for a terrifying moment Steve thinks he must have had a stroke until Pietro comes out of the bathroom and says, “He’s so tired but he won’t go to sleep without you.”
The wind batters at the windows and the snow swirls as Tony tries to recall anything, he read during his adoration of Captain America in his childhood. Nothing comes to mind particularly about his father. The emphasis had always been on his saintly mother, not his father.
“Promise.” Tony couldn’t vocalize the rest. Everything – all the words – stuck in his throat and clogged up his senses until the rush of fears flowed over him. “Just promise.”
“They scrambled his brain. Made him forget along with using us as Guinea pigs to strip the soul bond. It worked to a degree,” Natasha said. “I could never reach out to him, but I could feel him. I knew him, in a way, on the causeway-.”
Waking, arms encompass him, and his face is planted against a strong chest; he’s listening to a steady heartbeat. He snuggles close, thinking for a moment of Blu but that fades, and he realizes he’s in Steve’s arms. Tony gently moves away, lifting Steve’s arm to free himself, but he manages to wake him.
“Did everyone know about this but us?”
“Yeah, I heard you,” Clint says and touches his hearing aids. “I got it. Yeah, and I know.” He moves to the galley kitchen, and starts setting up the coffee pot. “You want some?”
soul. But I am not one soul. I am two. I am many. I am all the souls in this damned place.”
As he drove, Clint kept his eyes scanning the skies and the roadways, Steve asked, “Did they get to their safe houses?”
“Do you feel it?” A vibrant wire of energy links them, like an undercurrent charged and ready to come alive. “It’s always been there; we’ve always denied it. Never really tried to explore it or figure it out.”
Steve feels hands on him, hands in him and he shocks awake. No one is touching him, the cradle works and the pain pulsates at his gland. He tries to move, but cannot. They still have him tied down. His eyes feel sticky and his mouth glued shut. He hums a note and someone peers in at him. It is Doctor Cho.
“Get my horse is first,” Steve says. “But I’m not sure. I don’t like the thought of leaving Sam on his own. We need to bed down soon, this storm’s getting worse.”
“No. He did it when I was still – you know – not like this.” Steve gracefully sits back down with a new loaf of bread and another bowl of stew. “Before you ask, I told him I wasn’t interested and skedaddled out of the lab.”
“No, Tony. I think it’s deeper than that. I know it would be for me.” Steve stroked a hand down Tony’s back. “When I dreamed of being with someone as a kid-.” He didn’t mention it was always a woman along society’s norms at the time. “-I always thought it would be for love. That we would finish each other’s -.”
Steve frowns. Some of the memories both Tony and Natasha wove for him clearly materialize in his head. He cannot dispute their claims. But the reality that they spin constricts him, feels like a too small coat. “It doesn’t make much sense. Where are we if we’re dead. Is this some kind of purgatory?”
“Being trapped by biology, by society that sees you as nothing but a tool,” he mutters and he wonders at it. He feels almost as if he’s teaching himself something, as if a revelation or epiphany of understanding is at his fingertips. His status is everything to him.
“Sorry, sir, I’m Wanda’s brother, Pietro. I didn’t mean-.”
Tony exhales. Self-doubt – that’s all it was.
It ends with a hole in his chest and a fire that burned while he wasn’t looking. He scrambles to his bed some nights and remembers the cave and retraces his steps. He goes back to the moment of the attack. No, not when the blast hit the convoy, but when the maniac attacked him.
“Captain, it appears that the Legion has hacked into your comm systems,” JARVIS reported.
“Yes, I know. It’s been all over the news.” Pepper grumbles. “I sent you a dozen text messages. People want to talk with you about it. There’s rumbling at the Board. They want to know if you knew. You have to learn how to communicate better.”
Even as he tried to flee, a dual set of helicopters appeared in the sky and unloaded a volley of gunfire. Their aim was true and hit the Audi in the engine and the tires. He was dead in the water before he could get the car a few meters from the compound. It sputtered to a halt.
“But you kind of like Stark, too.”
“Tony, this isn’t going to convince me that you should be traipsing around with me across the country looking for a wayward brother and my lost deputy. It’ll be a difficult ride.”
“Is it that bad to think or dream a different dream?”
Steve turns his back to Tony. “Hop up and wrap your legs around me.”
“Not so much if the implant is there. It has a specific resonance frequency that the virus could home to if you do it right.” Tony rubs at his beard. “But really what good is this for me? I had a brain bleed because of the accident that killed the Optic chiasm.”
Tony jerks awake, arms pushing him up on the gurney, mouth opening, gulping for air. He shivers as awareness falls over him like a veil. The world around him looks somewhat less defined, oozing of blurs and stains of reality. He blinks several times and recognizes Doctor Helen Cho standing over him. Her eyes are frightened. In her hands she holds a syringe.
“She is trying to help!” Her brother shot out.
“So you’re telling me that Tony feels like home to you,” Sam said as he stabbed his egg, making the yolk run. He sopped it up with a slice of toast.
Drying off, Steve tugs the shirt on, not welcoming the scrutiny Tony’s gives his damaged back anymore. To keep the questions, the always inevitable questions from coming, Steve cuts him off at the pass. “Yes, the scars are from the prison, and yes I was whipped, on several occasions. Believe it or not, most of the damage wasn’t by the guards but by the Raiders. First, because they wanted me to join their gang of bullies and I refused. Then again, when they decided they didn’t fancy me joining up with the Regulators to stop their insidious terrorization of the prison camp.”
Like any problem, Tony cannot leave it alone. He works on the question even when he shouldn't be teasing at it. When his head should be figuring out the latest propulsion issue of the Jericho missiles, Tony finds himself returning to the feel of Steve under him. He relives the moments of desire but also the long whispers of confusion. The last time he saw Steve after the man got down on his knees and sucked Tony off with those pretty full lips, the secret beckoned. They'd been sitting having a bottle of cheap beer in the hovel of an apartment Steve lived in and shared with him when Tony paid him a good sum of money. Tony glanced around and thought about all that money he'd been offering to Steve for his services.
“Sounds right up my alley.” He goes to reference the resume again but then leaves it. He turns to Tony and directly speaks to him. “Mister Stark, I’m qualified for the position. I was a Captain in the Army. I know how to follow orders and to give them. I also know how to get things done. If I don’t know something, I know not to bullshit my way through it, but to find out the best answer for you. I’m a damned good artist and, like I said, I am a quick study. If you don’t hire me, then you’re making a mistake.”
“It’s something.” She shook her head. “She upset you.”
“Get comms,” Steve ordered. “And let’s go.” He would have the team spread out. He would wait for Tony to arrive and try and talk to him. They’d left things on a good note, so he had to assume that Tony would be willing to talk.
“Then I’ll make sure I get Loki back in town to help out,” Steve says as he moves past the doctor.
Tony considers Steve and nods. “I agree. So, what do you want to do?”
“You know what this means, don’t you?” Tony loathes Richards. What kind of guy has a last name for a first name and a first name for a last name, anyhow? Tony never pinpointed his reasons why he desists the man, but he just doesn’t like him. The fact the man is so stretchy creeps Tony out.
“It shows you exactly what Tony Stark is capable of. It shows you that all disabled people have abilities that we as abled bodied people ignore or cast aside,” Pepper says.
The voice rings in his head and he opens his eyes. He hears the rumble of the engine before he realizes his surroundings look like Tony’s private jet. He’s in the back of the plane. He recognizes the large queen-sized bed. The lights are low and he can hear the monitors still beeping around him. The nasal cannula in his nostrils smells like new plastic.
“Lots, Hydra isn’t backing down. We think they’re going to announce something soon. They have a lot of power with water rights. And we also have Hammer and AIM starting to send signals as well.” Coulson remains calm, almost robotic in his dissertation of events. “The problem? We’re getting word that one of them or all of them have a hit out on Stark.”
“What?”
“You could say that.”
Over the course of the next few days they worked on their battle patterns as Avengers, though the soul pack interaction came with more difficulty. With the Iron Legion as their enemy, Tony had fashioned a vest for each of them to wear. The Legion would target the vest with lasers, much like simple laser tag, but the vest was more complicated and advanced. One hit didn’t necessarily mean dead, but it would mean different injuries. It wasn’t easy getting the injuries to transfer along the soul bonds. Steve and Natasha had been on missions for SHIELD where he could tell if she had an injury long before she admitted it.  The soul pack worked for zeroing in on intentions and locations, but with the Legion not using lethal force they were falling behind on backing each other up and circling the wagons.
“You homeschool the kids?” Sam asked. “Because if my father was a superhero and fought those alien things in New York, I’d be shouting it from the top of your barn out there. That is a barn, right?”
“Shit,” he says and drops to his knees. How the hell can he do this and not electrocute both of them in the process. He searches the room and remembers the pile of clothes Tony pulled the shirt for him. He retrieves the cleanest one he can find and then tears it to shreds. Using strips he dunks it into the water and then begins to meticulously clean around the wires and scrubbing at the puss and inflamed tissue.
