Castiel takes the rod from Lucifer, who’s refusing to look contrite, and instead is rummaging through clothes on the floor, muttering in distaste at the amount of denim and flannel.
that oblivious.
Sam’s wearing a small unreadable smile that rakes at Dean’s nerves and he grumbles.“Glad I have your approval,
"Dean and I did have a disagreement, if that's what you mean." he admits after a moment, shutting the door to Dean's apartment behind him. The place is in even more chaos than when he left it, but at least there is a purpose behind it now.
Cas’s eyes closed abruptly and his legs buckled slightly “Ooh,
the sort of fun you need."
Castiel has always prided himself on being difficult to read. It's an advantageous skill to have within his world, especially in his line of work. He can easily conceal his emotions with a cool mask, a neutral expression and no one is any the wiser of his internal turmoil.
he implores in a desperate whimper. He’s forgotten about the not talking rule, but it would seem Cas has as well. His plea spurs Cas into action and he cups Dean’s face with both hands now, sliding his tongue between Dean’s lips, pleasure assaulting every nerve.
Dean stops his thought there. At least Cas was cool about it.
Dean looks resolutely out at the stars, cold and utterly unconcerned with the going-ons in the world they shine on. “You and I - we’d -” he pauses here and lets out a gruff cough before continuing “We’d have one last night in our cabin...”
." he says when Ash sets the bacon cheese burger on the table.
His face is a mask when he approaches Balthazar, who's acting like his asshat self, doing his best impression of as strict elementary school teacher.
So why the hell does he feel like he’s fighting a stupid grin when Cas wanders into the kitchen in nothing but boxers and his faded Zeppelin shirt? Cas has so few of his own clothes that it’s no surprise that he’d raid Dean’s wardrobe. Hell, Sam may have divided their collective wardrobe with Cas, to make sure he has enough. It’s sensible.
Castiel smiles at that and nods in agreement. But that wasn’t where he was going with his question and Dean knows it. He waits in silence for Dean to continue.
Dean grumbles a profanity under his breath but some of the tension seems to leave his shoulders. Castiel takes this as a good sign and continues “Samandriel is really just a large child. And Lucifer, well - he and Gabriel encourage each other. They mean no harm.”
Though those are the sort of things that sometimes tumble around in their minds and hearts when they aren't careful.
Other times, when they day has been particularly volatile and a whirlwind of emotions
He's already had words with Balthazar about breaking a few pieces of Dean's impressive collection of shot glasses. "But look at all these, Cassie it's
Cas settles back from his former position of arms folded on the table and reaches for his wallet. Dean's about to snap out a protest but Cas anticipates this and says "It's an expense of the show. The company will cover it."
Now Dean reacts, letting out a low barking laugh that seems to be borne of surprise instead of humor. "Dude,
“Don’t worry about it - this is just practice anyway.” he offers. “Just trying to get you trained up for when Charlie gets here.”
"Yes, Dean.
He freezes for a brief moment at the sight of him. His angular cheekbones are darkened by stubble and his hair is an erratic mess of chestnut hair. He must've just awoken
“I thought the loser was supposed to do that.” Sam comments, when he notices sees Dean at work.  Cas has selected a simple grey shirt and slides into it with grace and ease.
Dean slumps down onto the floor as the fight drains out of him. Everything's so infuriating one minute and then Cas steps in and suddenly it's all fine. He finds himself smiling wryly at it and is thankful for Cas' offer. He's tempted to take it. But Winchesters finish what they start, no matter what.
“Right.” Dean says, wandering from the room, towards the bathroom.
Balthazar gives him a look of exaggerated pity. "No, love - it wasn't. And that's why I'm here."
There’s something sad about the chuckle that Cas lets out. “Oh yes, there’s lots of hands on dicks around here. But we don’t...there isn’t...It’s all about just doing what needs to be done.” he says. “It’s about convenience for you I think. We trust each other. We know each other. We don’t expect things from each other.”
this stuff?" Balthazar asks, his nose wrinkled in a dramatic display of revulsion.
Dean's stomach rumbles, then, breaking him from his thoughts and forcing a small smile onto his lips. Dean answers with a defensive expression and says "You guys didn't even give me time for breakfast this morning."
He doesn’t bother looking for a fresh shirt or fixing his hair and instead gallops down the hall, shouting “Hold on a minute - for christ’s sake!”
"Thank you, Dean" Castiel responds sincerely, before gesturing to the kitchen and suggesting "Shall we start?"
He hears a noise of protest from Lucifer, but Cas ignores it and says "We can stop all of this right now if you truly wish it."
There’s a definite smirk in Sam’s voice when he counters “Well you do this morning. I suggest you hurry up and get dressed - they’re gonna be there soon.”
Cas yawns before answering “I didn’t. But I could hear you conversing in the living room right before you came into the kitchen and told me of your affections.”
Sam’s voice comes back with a laugh “Hello, yourself. Are you still in bed, Dean - it’s almost ten, dude!”
the rational part counters.
She grins and chirps “I know.”
A blonde guy with a weird mullet comes over to take their drink orders. Cas primly request water with lemon while Dean gets a coke. If they'd served alcohol he'd probably have ordered a bottle of Jack Daniels. Coke isn't quite the same, but he's hoping the caffeine will help.
“I don’t understand it’s purpose.” Cas protests, his brows furrowed as he studies the large bucket of water intently, as if he hopes to divine some explanation from it.
He’d actually managed to forget about the whole uniform issue with everything else that’d been happening, but memories of his dream strike him full-force.
Dean catches it with ease and gives Castiel a small smile "Thanks for that. Guess you're not as much of a dick as the rest of them." he says, sliding his phone into his pocket.
"Balthazar, I would greatly appreciate it if you treated this matter with some degree of seriousness." Castiel remonstrates, though he'd predicted some sort of jest from Balthazar on the matter.
Dean groans in response and finishes buttoning his shirt, stepping out of the dressing room. "That bad, huh?" Charlie asks sympathetically. "I do feel bad for you, having your Saturday high-jacked, but I'm also kinda bummed that I'm missing the montage!"
It's a seat yourself sort of place and Cas leads him to a cushy looking booth and slides in. Dean settles in on the other side and grabs a menu from the rack holding salt and pepper instantly. Cas mirrors his actions at a less rushed pace and flips the menu open, scanning it thoughtfully.
But, hey, life's a bitch. He was restless, itching to get a move on but he, well the other future “he” said they would all need a few hours of prep time before heading out. Which was all well and good except that when the other Dean had been barking out orders he didn't give him anything to do other than "Sit tight" and then other him stormed off before he him could object. Fucking hell, all this present him and future him stuff hurt his brain when he thought about it for too long.
Wide green eyes peer out from furrowed brows and Castiel is struck by the spectrum of color they hold. Dean is far more attractive than his picture let on and Castiel swallows hard.
Dean had noticed the odd tan jacket that Cas was wearing, but he hadn’t thought to question it. He assumed it was some weird trendy thing that was meant to seem quirky or something.
“Uh....yeah.” Sam answers, chuckling lightly. Dean quickly checks on the chicken and shuts off the burner with a pot of rice on it, before hurrying from the kitchen, anxious to see what absurd get-up Cas has managed to put himself in.
"Then start explaining!" Dean demands flinching away from Castiel's touch.
he chokes out, unsure if he’s more confused or aroused.
." He finally says, taking in the toffee walls and tidy shelves. He wanders over to the large, dark leather arm-chair that has taken place of the love-seat and plops down in it. His gaze wanders back over to the new couch which matches and shakes his head.
He snaps his thoughts from their train, reprimanding himself for such deliberations about a man he hardly knows. He shifts uncomfortably, unsure of how to proceed. Dean doesn't need anything from him and the sensation of uselessness isn't a pleasant one.
Castiel feels a slight blush creeping onto his face as Dean looks about questioningly and demands "What? What do you mean?!"
He stands and says "Thanks, Cas, but I am never gonna pass up a chance for a good party." With what he hopes is a convincing amount of raucous bravado in his voice.
“Shut it, Harvelle.” He snaps back and it comes out harsher than intended. Jo always teases him about this sort of thing and he usually just responds with a joke of his own. But his nerves are already worn thin from the comments he’s been getting all morning.
Lucifer, weighed down with bags, snarks "So
Dean had intended for them all to pitch in and carve the pumpkin, in fact they all still have their tools in hand, but once Charlie had started working none of them wanted to risk ruining the masterpiece she was currently creating.
Dean takes a large swig of whisky and for a moment Castiel thinks he’s going to leave. It wouldn't surprise him, Dean's method for dealing with emotions is to run from them. Not that Castiel can really talk, his method of dealing with them is to supress them with drugs.
"Oh, come on, Cassie!" Balthazar prompts, but Castiel refuses to budge.
“It’s a surprise, Dean. I can’t tell you anything other than that you need to dress - now - and get yourself a quick cup of coffee - you’re gonna need it.” Sam answers.
On the other hand Cas' eyes seem to linger on his hips when Lucifer gives him a dark pair of jeans with a very flattering cut, and Dean realizes maybe he doesn't mind at all.
He releases another sigh, this one sharper and intent, forcing himself to expel some of his own tumultuous feelings. Although he must interact on a more intimate level with most of their clients than the rest of the Fab Five, simply because of his job, becoming so attached to one of them has never happened and it certainly isn't wise.
"Hey there. How's the Pretty Woman make-over going?" Charlie asks brightly from the other side.
Dean's smile comes instantly and he answers "Burgers? Hell, yeah. Man after my own heart, aren't you?"
Balthazar nods in agreement and shouts “Boys! In here now!”
...” a voice rose from inside the cabin sounding urgent. Cas.
“Don’t speak.” Cas commands calmly. Okay, definitely more aroused. He’s a few inches from Cas, breathing heavily and wondering how the hell this all came about and why he isn’t already shoving Cas against the nearest wall.
And then, on blessedly simple and quiet days, when they desire nothing more than silence and companionship, Castiel and Dean sit and watch the stars. Castiel remembers another time, in another world, when Sam and Dean had the same tradition. He’d been invited to stay on occasion.
"Right! Here we are." Balthazar announces as they pull up to a small men's boutique. The outfits in the front look like something out of an African safari movie and he's pretty sure they cost as much as an expedition.
* * * * * *
Cas is throwing glances his way as he's humming and after the blonde - Ash - brings them there drinks and takes their orders he offers "My mom used to sing that song to Sammy all the time, so I know it by heart."
Future him seemed unbothered however, as soon as Cas had reached his pleasure, he’d backed away, wiping his hand on a rag that had come from his pocket, and turned. He hardly looked any different than we he’d shot a member of his camp earlier that day. There was something cold and still about him, unaffected even by this tryst with his best friend.
Dean however is already hailing a cab, so Castiel forces the thoughts from his mind and climbs inside when one pulls to the curb.
Cas reached up slowly to lay a hand on his face. “It’s okay, Dean. I remember us before all of this. I remember how difficult, how strange, how complicated our relationship was. But I am not the Castiel you once knew.”
Everyone is looking at them now and Dean can sense their barely hidden smirks at his outburst. Castiel doesn’t seem to notice simply shrugs beside him saying “There is no reason for me to accompany you. I have nothing to purchase with you and am therefore of more use here.”
“So what’ve we got this time?” Samandriel asked from the back seat, running a hand thoughtlessly through his hair, ruffling it up into a sandy poof.
Dean rolls his eyes and says "I think you got the order reversed there. I'm not striping off until I am behind those doors."
“I wasn’t sure which one you’d rather have.” Sam says, returning to the room, with a few t-shirts in his hands. Cas takes them all and considers each one.
Perhaps Dean Winchester isn’t entirely straight, but it isn’t any of their concern. They’re here to help him embark on another chapter of his life. Not to make him re-evaluate his sexual preferences.
Dean is cursing himself silently as he follows Cas to the kitchen. He can't believe those words came out of his mouth. I mean sure, the guy's pretty good looking and
- okay. I was just kidding.” then tactfully changing the subject she added “Can you pull a shift on Wednesday afternoon? Ash is gonna be out and we could use an extra hand.”
Balthazar flips the file closed and scrambles out of the car as soon as it stops, with Gabriel close behind. Castiel and Samandriel follow a bit slower with Lucifer bringing up the rear.
Cas shifts beside him, unawakened by Dean’s clumsy movements. Dean can’t resist gently shifting close to him and placing a few soft kisses on his bare shoulder. Dark marks have formed along his collarbone from their activities the night before and the sight of them excites memories in his mind.
Samandriel and Lucifer disappear to the back of the apartment in search of Dean's room.
The deli isn't the only place they're going apparently and soon Balthazar is dragging him across streets and into small grocers, with exotic foods lining the shelves and large barrels of fresh produce. It's just the sort of place Sam would shop, he finds himself thinking. He's always complained about Sam's healthy habits and he knows he's going to hear about it from Sam tonight, when he sees what Dean's serving.
Balthazar is the chef and he teaches simple culinary techniques and easy recipes for serving at parties or cookouts and helps to restock the kitchen with proper foods.
“Don’t call me that, jerk.” she retorts before continuing “And I know you can’t come in today. Spending some time with the boys aren’t you?”
“Yeah! Sammy told me he was sending five guys to your place - kinky, Dean.” Jo answers with a laugh.
Balthazar replaces the olives on the shelf and continues down the row, selecting another jar. "I'm not talking about
"You know, I have been waiting here for over ten minutes." Balthazar begins and Dean rolls his eyes, his anger at Cas temporarily forgotten in the wake of the irritation Balthazar causes him. "Don't roll your eyes, Dean, it makes you look like a teenager. And furthermore, you'd do well to remember that I am trying to
"Don't forget the baby-sitter" Lucifer pipes in and Dean eyes widen in a fashion that Castiel didn't actually know was possible.
Castiel fights a smile at his words, realizing that the same is true for him, as preposterous as it sounds. After only one day, they've already become accustomed to each other's company.
Dean's a bit surprised at himself for saying it, but somehow he finds he actually wants to talk to Cas. Not bullshit chit-chat about the weather or anything. He actually wants to know more about this guy and for this guy to know more about him.
You find a way to be happy - somebody should be.”
"Oh screw it - Do you want to come tonight?" Dean asks suddenly. Seeing Castiel's look of befuddlement he adds "To the party I mean."
“We’ve also never had an ex-angel living with us.” Dean counters, opening the fridge, then adds “And we have to, Sam. When we were kids, we used to do stuff.”
And what more do you think there is?" Dean demands in a harsh whisper, beginning to feel strangely exposed as Cas does some sort of freaky soul stare at him.
“I’m sensing this is a bad thing?” she asks, casting a curious glance around, waiting for an explanation.
“It’s purpose is
"Dean, could I speak to you in the kitchen?" he inquires, wanting to be as far away from his brother's prying eyes as possible.
"What's wrong with my food?" Dean demands, not liking this guy at all.
Castiel smiles and says "It's a lovely song with a very accurate message."
Dean whimpers in dissent, his already hard cock, throbbing in protest at the loss of contact. Cas lets out a light chuckle at Dean’s distress before murmuring “Hands behind your back, Dean.” in a tone that brokers no argument. Dean offers none.
Even Dean finds himself chuckling at Cas’ sense of humor, barely discernible from his usual manner, save for the gleam in his eyes. It should bother Dean that he’s already noticing these sorts of things about Cas. He shouldn’t be paying this much attention to a guy he barely knows.
This will be the last update for a few weeks. I am joining AmeriCorps and leaving for California on the 24th. I won't have computer access for a while, so that means no writing. Also, the format of this chapter is different, one because I wanted more Cas introspection time, but also because I couldn't find an easy transition point in the POV. So next chapter, whenever it comes, will be all Dean POV at the party. Thank you all so much for reading and I hope to get back to you and this fic soon!
"Dean, stop." Castiel interrupts, with a silencing gesture. "It's quite alright."
Sam enters the room at that moment, carrying a tray of glasses. “Cas will be out in a minute with the chips.” he says, setting the tray down.
"Hey, you've reached Sam-" Dean swears under his breath as it goes to voice-mail. "I can't get to the phone right now, but if you leave your name and number I'll call you back as soon as I can" ...Beep...
When Sam layers with a mixture of flannel and denim shirts, half of which are his and half of which are Sam’s, he hardly even notices.Sharing clothes is no big deal for him. It’s just how life has always been.
Dean's eyebrows raise and he says "And here I thought you were the goody-goody"
Cas raises his eyebrows in question and Dean continues "After he graduated high-school I took him on a road-trip. It was kinda a coming of age thing I guess and he was
celebrate Halloween, Dean. We never have!” Sam protests, looking miffed and confused.
“What else do ya make a jack-o-lantern with?” Dean counters with a grin. Sam’s eyebrows furrow and he searches Dean’s face for a moment, before realising he’s serious.
He's finally beginning to think clearly about the events of the afternoon and can't help but wonder if somehow, miraculously Balthazar is correct. Maybe Cas just has a crush on him and all that was at the dinner were the effects of it. Or maybe Cas was just a genuinely nice guy, who didn't like to see him beating up on himself.
“What the
Balthazar and Lucifer practically bound down the hall and out the door, while Dean walks on at a more sedate, yet determined pace.
Besides, it's not like it's really a problem. Cas has a nice warmth to him and he doesn't smell too bad either. Dean's sat next to worse. He settles in and relaxes for the short cab ride, trying not to think about the incident in the store.
should be the ones saluting me.” he finishes, his eyes now on Dean.
"He doesn't mean any offense, really." Castiel is speaking and Dean breaks away from his angry thoughts to listen.
He was nothing if not skilled in the art of denial, so refusing to take this first glance as fact he pressed forward further into the room and saw, without doubt, that Castiel, once angel of the lord, was being given a handjob by, well, him.
“It’s okay, Cas. I get it - I don’t think I’d be happy with you dead either.” is all he says, but it’s enough.
"I understand that my friends can seem...difficult at times. But they mean well, and it's simply part of the job." Castiel finishes and Dean rolls his eyes.
you."
"You know it is not that simple." Castiel argues, growing frustrated with his friend's blasé attitude. "We're not allowed to interfere-"
“Dean! Charlie’s gonna be in here in like two hours. We’ve got stuff to do, man!” Sam calls from the hall. Steeling himself for the day and the sight of Cas in that freakin’ costume again he shouts back “Alright - I’m up! Lemme grab a shower!”
.” Cas repeats, his tone low and crisp. Dean finds himself complying without a thought. A smile alights on Cas’ lips and he extends a hand, gently running his hand through Dean’s hair.
John actually manages a real laugh- cut short. Dean picks up a hot pink article of clothing from the back of the couch, peering down at it, "Mm, yeah.
He barely suppresses another smile, looking some kind of smug, "What do you
Dean cracks open the door quiet enough to ensure Sam doesn't stir, and stalks out to the car, dirt crunching beneath his heels. Cas doesn't startle when Dean wordlessly slides into place beside him and rests his ass against the trunk, arms crossed.
The first thing he said when they woke up for good, limbs intertwined, so close together that Dean could feel the omega’s heartbeat, was, “I don’t enjoy being touched.”
“You need sleep,” he realized.
.” Seriously, they hadn’t done
There had definitely been arousal in the air, but Cas had talked about it as if it had just been another cuddle position. Which was why Dean hadn’t thought about it as ‘sex’ and had kind of dropped the ball on the whole reciprocation thing. Well, that and the fact that he had no idea what Cas was even comfortable with in bed, being asexual and all. Although he might have to rethink some things…
His eyes landed on Cas’ exposed neck, which made him want to do all kinds of things he wasn’t supposed to. After all, scent and mating gland play had been on the list of forbidden sex things.
Dean grinned at both of them widely and counted their expressions as a win. Dean Winchester—1, Angel who got pranked—0.
“I know a cuddle technique that will help. I could show you.”
But Dean just ducked down to kiss his lips again. While that was a nice intimate gesture, it wasn’t quite what Castiel had in mind.
Castiel rolled his eyes. Humans. Always thinking about reproduction. “I am an angel, Dean. We don’t go into heat.”
Dammit.
“What?” Dean stopped mid-chew and put his burger down. Since when was Jimmy dating anyone? Surely, he would have told Dean if there was some would-be alpha he was interested in, right? “He isn’t dating anyone!”
The next second, Cas’ legs buckled under him and Dean took a quick step forward to catch him before he went down. Dean had enough sense to close the door before he picked Cas up and carried him to the couch.
The way Sam was looking back and forth between them told Castiel he shouldn’t get his hopes up.
Wow. He had just had sex with his fake mate. With
Dean hadn’t been joking. He really was from ‘way out of town’ (and out of state) which certainly wouldn’t make things easier. When Castiel asked what he had been doing in Pontiac (thinking that maybe he had visited family here), Dean just gave a gruff reply that didn’t really clear things up, and basically told him to mind his own business.
“With no ties
with happiness and love. He wasn’t supposed to be giddy (what kind of a feeling was that for an alpha anyway?), but he slowly started to realize that maybe he deserved this. Maybe he deserved Jimmy.
“What about Sam?” Jimmy asked, zeroing in on Dean’s greatest weakness.
Cas still didn’t seem convinced, so Dean continued, “Tell you what. If I don’t get you pregnant this heat, we’ll just meet up for your next heat and try again.”
“Need someone to carry the stuff, huh?” Dean asked, but he was just teasing. Cas could use him for his alpha strength all he wanted. It actually made his alpha kind of proud, knowing that he was needed.
So, they stopped for the night and continued their little ‘getting to know each other’ game the next evening.
Bartholomew’s face was an angry grimace as he realized he had just lost his advantage.
Trying to have that craving sated, he started riding Dean, angling this way and that until he found what he was looking for and couldn’t hold the sounds of pleasure in anymore.
“A good deed,” Castiel repeated. “However small or big is up to you. Just some random act of kindness is enough. Help an old lady carry her shopping bags, offer an honest smile to someone who needs it, compliment a stranger… I’m sure you can think of something.”
This was most likely the point at which he should put an end to this conversation. But living with Dean had taught him a thing or two about stubbornness, so he said, “I could take your money.”
Gabriel was laughing at his own joke and Cas waited for him to fall silent again before he said, a bit petulantly, “I’m fine with alphas as long as they’re not in a pack. I can deal with them one by one in a professional manner.”
Dean tensed up at that and his hand stopped stroking him. “Oh?”
There was another awkward moment when they were sitting there, again staring at each other in a way that made his insides tingle in anticipation.
As it turned out, it was Bartholomew. As soon as Cas opened the door, he pushed inside, clearly agitated.
“He said a friend would work as well,” Cas continued and was interrupted by his brother once more.
“No, hey, I understand.” He was already quite infatuated with his pup and had some pretty strong protective instincts going on himself.
Stuart motioned for Castiel to sit down in the chair in front of Zachariah’s desk and then left, closing the door behind him.
“Mating… You would have… Really?”
was the one who could stay.
And with that, he pulled Dean in for their first kiss as a newly-mated couple.
So, the first thing he did when he got home was program Cas’ number into his regular cell under the codename of ‘hot omega chick.’ (Man, but his subterfuge techniques were great. He should have joined the CIA.) Then he sent him a text message to inform him of the new number and to make plans for their next… mate meeting.
He hardly broke a sweat to begin with? Dean barely raised an eyebrow before pointing out that his face was beet red and his hair was sticking to his forehead. No way was he going to let Jimmy into his Baby like this.
Maybe a short trip to say hello to Dean wouldn’t hurt. It seemed like he thought Castiel was mad at him and perhaps Castiel should tell him that angels weren’t built to be mad. They were a very forgiving species and being resentful just wasn’t in their nature. As a matter of fact, Castiel hadn’t even picked up on Dean ‘being short with him.’ Maybe he was referring to the fact that he hadn’t let him in on the secret as to why the alpha in the video had slapped the omega’s ass.
Inias was one lucky cuddlibus. Dean’s cuddles were the best! Castiel had never tasted anything like it before.
Dean, who had his arms wrapped around him and was in the process of peppering him with kisses, stopped short. “Uhm…” He scratched the back of his neck. “No. Cuddle hour is for free.”
Heats were
While Cas was turning the timer off, Dean joked, “Better go before the cops show up.”
“Well… Yes,” he admitted. They looked at each other for a long moment, and when Dean didn’t say anything, Cas continued, “There are things… that you don’t know.” He trailed off, unsure of how to continue or if he had said too much already. Getting Dean into trouble was the last thing he wanted to do.
At last, there was something like surprise flickering through Dean’s eyes. He probably hadn’t expected Cas to surround himself with murderers. Cas felt deeply ashamed admitting that, but at the same time, Dean
wanted to get laid as a grand finale to the night, he had also been looking forward to a night out with his bestie.
when he hadn’t even had a cup of coffee.
Dean came right out and asked what he came here for, “How do alphas in alpha therapy keep from forming a one-sided scent bond with their patient?”
Dean’s favorite way of guaranteeing Cas was turned on enough to take his dick quickly became Cas’ favorite thing too. The first time Dean took his penis into his mouth, Cas thought he was back to dreaming about the alpha. He’d wake up any second and there would be slick all over the bedspread.
“I think he left with the fairies.”
Did it? It sounded like a recipe for disaster to Castiel. But somehow, he found himself nodding.
“We will hide and intervene if things go sideways,” Benny said, and finally, Hannah nodded her consent.
When the alpha had fucked him so much that Castiel’s ass had trouble keeping up with the slick production no matter how turned on he was, Dean lubed him up with a bottle of his own slick just so that he could fuck him some more.
Dean’s wet cockhead teased his hole and finally slipped inside. Of course, Cas couldn’t have suppressed the instinct to bare his neck if he had tried. Dean didn’t take him up on the offer to nose along his neck, though, and instead did what they were here to do. He bred him.
“Wow, you’re really tense. About time you came here for a massage. We’re gonna get you relaxed yet.”
Castiel scrolled down a bit. “Ideally, every day.”
without Mike’s permission. Without paying Mike for any of the touches. That’s what it had always been about. Cas had brought in a lot of money and of course Mike would be mad that he had lost that income when Cas had managed to escape. Cas couldn’t even imagine what kind of punishment Mike would think up if he ever got to him.
Dean ground out. There was a loud exhale. Then,
“I hope you’re talking to the spider,” Dean’s voice came from underneath the bed.
Peeking out from behind the pedestal, Castiel watched Hannah take out her witch blade. Surely she had to know that it would be of no use. She couldn’t hurt the witch ghost with it.
Cas was pretty sure they were scent compatible. Why Dean hadn’t cared for his pre-heat scent still remained a mystery, but Dean definitely seemed to like his normal scent well enough.
Dean snorted. “You wish!”
As long as Cas didn’t start dating Mick. Or that Crowley dude from work. He always complained about him, but maybe there was some sexual tension there that they’d resolve with hate sex.
What had he gotten himself into this time?
“I’ll pick a motel that’s closer next time,” Dean relented, which wasn’t exactly what Castiel had meant, but Dean had already turned around and walked out the door without a backward glance.
Dean ignored all of that in favor of fucking Cas some more. The more the omega awakened these strange feelings inside of him, the harder he fucked his hole to chase them away. All he had to do is fuck them out of his system.
That’s how they ended up caressing each other while getting drunk on each other’s scents. Dean’s hands wormed their way under his shirt and traveled up and down the sides of his body, making his skin tingle and his mind forget all about his worries.
“Well, we’d have to recreate the position, I guess.”
“Hello,” the stranger greeted him with a deep voice—all alpha, which was an instant turn on. He was eyeing Dean’s naked body with an appreciative glance at his dick, which was already half-hard just thinking about what he was going to do to him.
was forming!
Now that the alpha was this close and his scent stronger than any shirt of his, it was no wonder that weeks of conditioning kicked in and he started to slick.
He quickly got out of his clothes and lay down on the massage table on his stomach, waiting for Dean to return.
He tossed and turned for a while, but in the end, he decided to give Dean a call himself—just to make sure the number worked.
Mission ‘get this omega ready to take his cock’ was a go. First step: make him crazy with wanton lust so that the inside of his ass was nice and wet.
As for Sam—he was as non-threatening as you could imagine a hunter to be, apart from the fact that he was very tall. And an alpha. Dean’s description of him as a ‘harmless moose’ suddenly made sense.
“My bad. Must have confused it with some other article. I’ll look it up.” Sam shot Castiel one last reassuring look that said
His voice was still trembling slightly. He had to be really freaked out.
Seemed like they were having this conversation on the front porch then.
! Cas’ dick twitched with interest.
“He was much,
“Obviously, I want to fuck you,” Dean cut in to clear that right up.
A prime example was this fine morning. He had woken up in his tiny one-bedroom apartment and gone to work like any other morning. Well, not
to do that.
Dean complied by sliding a finger into his ass and going straight for his prostate. One of his favorite games was seeing how wet he could get Cas before he mounted him. He liked teasing Cas to the brink of orgasm a few times using his tongue and fingers until Cas couldn’t take it anymore.
“Cas, don’t listen to him!” Dean said, trying to get free from their grip.
Dean picked up his pace then and fucked into him more desperately, his full balls smacking against Castiel’s ass cheeks, his knot pulling at his rim with each thrust.
Luckily, mid-afternoon, Dean left the cabin to ‘stretch his legs,’ which gave Castiel the perfect opportunity to exhaust his magic as much as possible. After all, his powers tended to develop a life of their own when confronted with a supermoon, so he had better make sure nothing strange was going on later.
The others had realized that something was happening, too.
first, dammit!”
But then Dean mentioned a library full of old witch books, and, well… Who could say no to that? He hadn’t taken time off from his witch duties in years. A few days to recuperate while exploring a witch library was just what he needed.
At least this was the longest relationship Dean Winchester had ever had. But one year? That simply wouldn’t do. It was supposed to last a lifetime down on Earth.
“How about a trial run?” he suggested. “Anyone can back out at any time.”
“How can you match them when you’ve never even met them?” he would ask whenever he tried to get Castiel to come play with the humans down on Earth.
For a second, he thought she had taken his advice and run away. Just to play it safe, he continued to hold Dean back, though, ignoring his soundless screams.
And Dean did.
Gabe just ignored his valid objection and went on, “I wouldn’t have been surprised if he had started feeding you from his hand.”
Castiel inhaled one last time before leaving. He couldn’t wait for Gabe to organize something for him to scent.
Which was a ridiculous order because— “I’m not leaving you!”
He knew enough about human alphas to know how he could get Dean to do what he desperately needed, and so he bared his neck as best he could in this position. It was absolutely for Dean’s benefit and had nothing to do with the fact that somehow, all of his angelic instincts
Granted, he looked kind of dorky with his baggy gym clothes that looked more like pajamas, but they weren’t here to pick up alphas for Jimmy.
“Love you too, lil’ bro.”
“I’m fine, I just…” Cas took a deep breath. “I think it’s time for us to go our separate ways.”
That was it.
There was a beat of silence that went on for a little bit too long before Cas said, “Yes.”
“But you can be attracted to someone who’s wearing blockers, right?” Dean insisted.
At least, that’s what it was usually like. This time, apparently, he
“Look,” Dean went on. “I don’t believe in destiny or fate, or whatever else you wanna call it. I believe in a bunch of angels sitting up there in heaven and playing matchmakers, but that’s about it. Uhm… no offense,” he added when Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. “So… I really don’t need you to be my cupid.”
For a moment, the only sound filling the room was their panting, breaths slowly returning to normal.
Dean shrugged. “Couple days.”
When Dean went back to teasing his scent gland, this time not because he thought they were in some sort of alpha fight, but very clearly because he wanted it as much as Cas did, all clicked into place as if the world had only waited for them to do this. To be intimate with each other in this way.
It was funny how Cas’ and Dean’s scents complimented each other. Something to think about when Dean wasn’t too busy scenting the omega.
Instead, they just went inside to watch some TV together after dinner. At first, Cas had thought that Dean had picked the show about some sexy alpha doctor for his benefit. But it quickly became clear that he knew all about the characters of the melodrama, as well as what had happened in the previous episodes.
what he wanted. What they both wanted.
Dean’s pulse was still racing, confused hormones raging through his body. He wouldn’t have been surprised if mating hormones were responsible for the way he felt left behind and the way he wanted to go after Cas.
Dean himself was panting, but his breathing started evening out soon.
The guy's hesitant at first, an unsure look passing over his face- but he pulls out his phone easy enough, unplugging his headphones and handing it over.
She draws out the word, holding his eyes, "It's a one way ticket. And you're gonna owe me one."
Sam had been right
"No, don't 'thank you, Dean' that." Donna slaps her mug on the table, halfway to offended.
The nightmares are less frequent than they used to be, but they still hit him sometimes- sending Dean jolting awake in the dead of night with a gasping lung full of air, skin drenched in a thin layer of sweat, the sheets bunched around him like he'd been grappling for his life, fingers clawing at nothing.
anything more to say. Not right now. He can't just forgive him right then and there after all that, even though he does. Despite everything, he always seems to forgive Cas. And he can't say anything about the rest of what happened in the dungeon that day... That's a conversation for later-Dean and later-Cas. Because they get to have that now. A later.
The front door bangs loudly just outside, and Claire's voice carries out louder than it needs to, "You both better zip up, I'm coming back there!"
"Alright, well, let's check out his clients." Dean pulls his keys from his pocket, looking down at them.
he saying?"
"What, you talking about my
"Come on." Dean says softly, grabbing Loraine's arm to tug her into the living room, "Sammy!" He yells, peering around the house.
Dean pulls the cell phone from his pocket and tosses that to John. He catches it on reflex, brows drawn. Dean nods down at the thing, urging his dad to turn it on and just see.
The four people pictured in the photograph on the mantel look like complete strangers to who now live in this house.
It's the same stale movements every damn time where things get hard and one of these three men lash out and bolt, spewing venomous words with a liquor-soaked tongue. It's a cycle of abandonment and forgiveness that doesn't do anyone any good. Dean's done it. Sam's done it. John probably the most out of any of them.
Dean brushes off the question, "Where are you?"
They walk together for a minute, heading back towards the games. Donna and Cas are currently challenging for the best prize at the balloon darts stand a few paces ahead. A tired mom brushes past the brothers, holding a sleeping kid in her arms, his drooping head tucked into her shoulder. The girls are competing with the squirt guns even further ahead, bells panging all the while until a buzzer cries out and is immediately replaced by Alex shrieking and pumping her fist in the air with the final
"I can't read lips." Dean confirms with an affirming nod, focusing back on the screen where last-night-Dean is flung back into the trash with the swoop of their mystery figure's hand, "You see that?"
Maybe it's just hunters, swapping stories and telling shit down the line like a game of telephone.
But Cas recovers quick, using that split-second of distraction to rear back and plunge forward- knocking his forehead against Ishim's.
"Nothing." Like it's the simplest question in the world, and Dean should already know that answer. "There's nothing wrong with you."
Ishim holds up his head, but otherwise doesn't react, "Who told you that?"
"The baby. Seems like it's the one thing he's interested in."
Cas is pacing the length of the library while Dean frowns down at his laptop.
She giggles, breaking into a small smile.
It fills the awkward silence with gurgling, a bit of messy sputtering, sending brown droplets out the side rim onto the countertop.
"Well, looks like there was some kind of fight." Cas says, eyes roaming.
Cas: That sentiment is entirely incorrect to what I know of your character, Dean
"She didn't have to die." He holds her eyes, "She was
of it, was trying to save you back then. So shit went sideways a little? Shit
But even after all of that, they'd have these moments with John and he'd tell them he was proud of them, and there'd be a few good memories threaded in with the rest that made it feel sometimes like they really
Unamused, Sam's frown deepens, "
There's no doubt in Castiel's mind that this man is telling the truth. At least as
He chuckles, "Sure, we'd love to come in." Dean gives her a half-hug, a kiss on the cheek in greeting. Coming up behind him, Sam does the same.
Cas lets out an exasperated sigh, climbing into the truck, "Go to bed, Dean."
She hollers, fisting a handful of powder and slamming it into a brass bowl in front of her. Pink smoke wafts up, emanating from it, and the white glow around the president's vessel grows.
Dean: Only highlight of traffic is texting in it
"But, Cas, at the end of the day, it's a mom and her kid." Dean pauses, "I mean, do you- do you think you'll be able to..."
. Maybe he'd actually stay for him if Sam said the right things. Cause Sammy always seems to know the right words to say. The right way to talk to dad and get him to see your side of things and keep him sticking along. Dean can't do that. He can take orders, sure. He can do whatever John says as a means to get him to calm down, but he can't ever seem to truly talk him off that ledge. Not without it turning some type of violent. Sometimes he thinks he makes John turn away even faster just by even trying at all.
crap," Then, "I've got my reasons."
Cas steps back to Dean's side, looking down at the doc furiously. Marion holds his hands out, as if in surrender, breathing labored, "All right, look, she didn't give me her name. When we were done, the driver bailed. I got paid, and then some other chick shows up, and they all drive away."
“He was just a
Looking back now, he's definitely done a few things that could've been a beacon for any other person, but Dean appears... completely oblivious. Cas would like to keep it that way, but it also makes him incredibly sad because... does Dean only not see it because he believes himself undeserving of a love like that?
Dean's inclined to agree. He pulls out his wallet, counting out a few small bills to cover the meal, "Without Rowena, we're outgunned."
So he says nothing- the best thing he could possibly say. Or maybe the worst. Guilty people say nothing when they're trying not to lie, right?
Dean glares right back, “Yeah, well, everyone else was kicking it in heaven having a spa day. We weren’t even sure if we
to fill up the void… they don’t mind being served another stale rerun of a rerun of a rerun…”
He tries to imagine Sam and Dean growing up in such a way. No real home, no real anything. Just a mess of different rooms and different cities and beds that someone else owns.
Sam gapes, “How does that even make sense? Did you not trust me? That I’d do the right thing? Try everything I could, even then, to stay good?”
"Except for Elvis." Jody flicks her eyes around the room. Loraine whimpers against Dean's shoulder.
. Now I'm just pissed because he went and died
"John- where are you?"
John skipped out after the showdown with Lucifer without much of an explanation past the drunken argument Sam had overheard from the lot. It's not like he dropped off the face of the Earth this time around, though. He's texted Sam a few times here and there, and even called insisting that if they did end up finding Lucifer anytime soon- to give him a call and he'd be there.
"Sam-" Cas shifts uncomfortably, feeling Sam's eyes land on him, "You should know. Your father-"
"Sam, Dean." Cas breathes, nodding to them, and they stand at the sound of his voice. He turns to John last, nodding to him as well, "John."
"How'd you get the card?" Dean nods at it, brows pinched.
The blonde woman stirs on his right, just beside John, grasping at her head and using the sink to heave herself to her feet. She makes no move to further attack, however, leaning back with her arms crossed and simply letting Mick take over.
"Please, come in." Abraham leads them inside, offering them both a seat at the couch once they’re through the threshold, "Sit, make yourself comfortable. I'll grab my wife."
All the same, Dean is the one standing in front of him now, nearly cornering an all-powerful angel against a pickup truck in rural Kansas, staring into his eyes, “It’s good to have you back, man." He mumbles, voice dripping with earnestness, warmth, love, "It hasn’t been the same without you.” Dean pulls him in abruptly, gripping the folds of the coat on Cas’ back, chin dipped against his shoulder.
Should- should he move? Should he unwrap himself and never speak of this again? Is this something Dean
Dean studies his face a moment, then snorts, "Are you drunk?"
The angel tears open another sugar packet, eyes not moving from Dean's face, "You know, when I knew Castiel, he was a soldier."
- on his torso, her hands clearly wrapped in what he'd guess are brass knuckles. He takes it, grunting, but she made a wrong move- ducking down too far. He gets an arm around her neck, holding her body in place at his side, and grabs her other hand with his free arm- until she
is who he is- who he's always been from the jump- then that's better for everyone.
The man's beauty marks in every golden freckle the sun has kissed, and reflects outwardly in the blazing emerald rings in his eyes. Divinity in man, if there were ever an example of it.
The hum of the radio and sound of pavement in each other’s presence was something they’d shared for a long time. There was no awkward in the silence. It was comfortable. Normal. It meant something else unsaid that neither would ever share with the other, but both could feel was there.
"No-"
"I mean-" He starts again, "I've never asked you."
. Cas slides his hand up Dean's neck and threads his fingers into his hair, gripping the back of his head and tugging it again into the comfortable space beneath his chin. They could be kissing right now. They could be doing any number of things, but this is somehow more intimate than any of it. Just a man afraid to love, letting himself be held in his lover's arms. There's something sacred about that.
about you. For example, the twins... too frightened to tell anyone that they actually came to say goodbye to their daddy..." She giggles, then turns to Lenore, "Or the grieving mother who hated the fact that her son was a hunter so much she'd hide his gear, she'd sabotage his Jeep, anything to keep him from hunting. Not that it worked. Could've tried harder, huh?”
"Anytime."
Crowley stops, face stone, for once- all amusement drained to the fiery held beneath, "It's not about
"Self-sacrificial, the lot of them. Lest we not forget," Crowley holds up a finger, tapping out another one as he lists, "The mother, the father, the
Wendy chooses then to clomp back beside their table, placing down the sandwich and soda- which Kelly gratefully grabs and takes a long sip from.
Guy clearly knows what's good for him, though, cause he doesn't prod the subject any further. He sighs, watching Dean pace a few more steps, pointedly noticing when his feet slow more and more with the serious deliberation on whether or not to just storm into the joint guns blazing.
Unless that talk was Cas airing out his side and Sam quietly coming into an agreement with it.
Dean holds up a finger, "Just, um..." he turns around, Sam turning with him, and lowers his voice, "Are you buying any of this?"
Sam, for one, absolutely does. It's not like he didn't know it before, but... Jesus Christ.
lamp buzzes between them, the low yellow light flickering against the side of Cas’ face. And there's a settled silence. Comfortable, like it always is with Cas. No tempers boiling under the surface, or words unsaid, or pretending for the others sake. It's just them.
Sam pipes in gently, "We're very sorry for your loss."
Cas: (winking emoji with tongue out)
There's an unmeant harshness behind those hard hands. Always happens when the man's more than half a bottle deep.
"Yeah, well," Dean raises his brows, continuing through the park. John follows at his heels, keeping a few feet distance between them, "You're hardly the first person I've seen come back from the dead."
"She was
meaningless. Heaven, Hell, this world? If it ever meant anything, that moment is past. Nothing down here but a bunch of hopeless distraction addicts, so filled with emptiness, so
"Maybe." Wendy heads to the table behind her, opens a drawer and pulls out a small book, turning carefully to a page near the end and tearing it out. She hands it over- and points to the second address scrawled on the list, "That's his cabin. Couple hours north. He usually stops here before heading to it."
He pockets the cassette in the inner folds of Cas' trenchcoat. The pocket right next to the heart.
Or when Claire whispers back, "For a couple of old guys, maybe."
”Yes you do.”
"Alright, look, we know we're dealing with a witch, right?" He swings out his arms, too, "Maybe you got hexed."
Everyone knows the best way you get over someone is to fuck somebody else. Dean doesn't have any interest in that, but he figures for the good of everyone involved, he should probably at least make a solid effort at it.
"Yeah, except when you're not." Dean sighs, running a hand down his face. He considers a moment. He thinks about what Sam said. And what Kaia said. And Jack. What everyone in their damn lives seems to be saying. And he tries to let himself believe for a second that this is something that he can
Abraham looks between them. He seems an average enough guy, nearly bald, sporting a thick goatee and mustache, and donning the same types of slacks and button downs Sam or Dean might wear any day of the week.
"Well, it seems that
Dean turns, slides past Cas, picks up a few of the discarded logs, and starts distracting by building a small fire inside of the circle of stones. "Jack, grab some of the old newspapers from the garage, will ya?"
"Shut up."
(Yesterday 11:46 PM)
"Kelly, you listen to me. This is not a baby. This is the spawn of Lucifer."
Sam blows the air from his cheeks like that’s not the single-most frustrating yet understandable thing he’s ever heard, "There's a chance that might never happen, you know."
He chuckles, stretching and settling his linked hands behind his head. The picture of
He'd never understood that until now. It seems that Dean continues, even from the grave, to teach Cas matters of the human experience.
Then again, maybe he shouldn't. Maybe he should just let things happen the way they happen.
Eileen Lahey...
The door to the stuffy front office chimes at his entrance, and he’s greeted by a miserable looking young woman in a room seemingly entirely formed of wood paneled walls and furniture to match. Something out of
"You don't always talk to Cas much better, you know. If you're-"
"Well played." Mick pipes in, nodding. All three men look up at the new voice, instantly on high alert.
He turns to Dean, eyes wide.
“Nothing... it’s just... how real do you think that was?”
"Why don't you go grab a few hours, too?" He picks up their empties, getting up to deposit them in the sink. When Cas doesn't move, he crosses his arms, hip against the counter, "Come on, man. You had a pretty tough one today, no one's judging if you grab yourself a cat nap- get back to a hundred percent. Happens to all-"
But Cas rarely looks at Dean with that smitey look. Usually when he had, Dean was trying to die or do something stupid so the rest of them wouldn’t have to. And Cas looked like that because he’d been in love with him. Apparently.
Dean Winchester.
. Choking down demon blood...
"NO!" He finds himself screaming, just as the light fades out. Just like the last time. And just like the last time that'll be the last thing Cas hears...
"I-uh, was wondering if you wanted help at the store today." Cas asks with direct and complete eye contact, which Dean evades the first chance he can by focusing his entire attention on his coffee.
missed him."
. Like a time-bomb 'til one of us breaks."
"So, uh, what's up with you?"
"Sorry. Not possible." Her cheery demeanor makes his skin crawl, infuriating him all the more.
He'd left the keys in the cab, so Dean hops one leg onto the front seat of the truck, his other foot planted firmly in the dirt, and tries the keys. The truck flares to life. He revs on the gas a few times, hearing it rumble and nodding affirmingly, then clicks it off.
Cas frowned at that comment but drew his gaze back down to the tape. Dean realized that maybe came out a bit more bristly than he meant, and backtracked, “I mean, it’s fine. Not my style, but hey. Zeppelin just kind of means something in the family so.. just.. uh, yeah.”
Dean unscrews the cap, "Oh, man..."
"Now." Sam grunts, leveeing himself up off the side of the car to follow fast at Dean's heels the moment he turns and dives towards the diner's front door, colliding against the wood. The bell
I see where your son gets those steamy bedroom eyes from."
With a final glance of betrayal to a shameful Sam, Dean straightens back to Ketch, "And why should we believe anything that you have to say?"
Cas: I understand your point
Pain- he's... he's in
Cas glances at the side of the man's head, and he doesn't meet his eye but he does nod in acknowledgment. He can't even appreciate the novelty of John actually apologizing for something- because he doesn't deserve it. And it's not even true in the first place.
"Okay," Dean chuckles and nods, then nods to Sam, already halfway stepping towards the door, "Okay."
”Who you calling an orphan?” Claire pads through the door, yawning, and heads straight for the coffee machine to start up a fresh batch. She nods in Cas’ direction, “My dad’s right there. Kind of.”
Cas doesn't glance at a single person in the room, only crossing the lobby with a stiff gait, and sinking into the last open chair- directly across from Dean. He can feel their eyes on him, but doesn't acknowledge the stares until Dean swings his arms wide, brows raised expectantly, "Anything?"
Dean steps up slightly in front of both Sam and Cas, "I'm sorry, who the hell are you?"
"No, I'd only get in your way. Besides, I don't entirely trust your newfound tolerance of me." He tilts his head, "No offense."
Cas clenches his jaw, "What?"
He turns off the faucet, clawing his hands against the edge of the sink, letting out a steadying breath.
They pause, Sam the first to break the silence, "Alright, um, thank you."
professor
"How are we
He didn't bring a flashlight, not wanting to bring attention to himself if any of the family is gonna be hanging out amongst the trees- but of course that also wasn't exactly the best plan because he can't see for shit.
"Well what the hell?"
Sam smiles, confused, but holds his glass up anyway, "To what?"
"Dunno..." He admits.
"Hey," Sam says from behind, making Dean jump.
No wonder this has taken a decade. They're both assholes.
"Mom's with Magda."
He turns to his brother then, "I, uh, I called Cas too, but he's still on the hunt with Crowley, so-"
Cas: I'm not liking your idea of fantastic.
The guy screams, yelping out, "Ahh, I have her phone number! Okay?"
The family portrait is still in his hand, he can't seem to stop looking at it and wondering how four seemingly normal people go down a road so dark that it leaves one of them dead. What changed them?
spend at home, he spent in a bottle. Children were on four different kinds of behavior-enhancing medication and barely spoke... could text up a storm, though. And the mother, she was the worst. She was so pilled up she could barely think straight."
It's just then, in the middle of that thought, time nearly freezes. Or, less freezes, more collapses in on itself- because a heavenly white light flashes from exactly where Cas is. A bright white light already seared in his brain from so many angels slaughtered in front of his eyes over the years, including the most important angel of all of them. Dean remembers the exact image of Cas' eyes and mouth glowing white, a blade sinking into his chest and back out as his body drops to the ground... and imagines that exact image again just out of his reach.
But even then, even when he turned to God for help and for answers, he never left it
Dean nods, "Yeah, he's still alive too. He's-" he doesn't get out the rest of his sentence before bolo-tie scrambles out of his seat and darts into the living room, "Okay, good talk."
"Hmm," He puffs out a laugh, voice thick, "No, just... resting my eyes."
"Yet you're victim as well." He sighs, eyes softening taking in Dean's baffled expression, "In a world filled with such genuine evil, it's a pity that we must so frequently war with one another and even ourselves- because of these prejudices. Often depriving ourselves of the very things that'll make us happy."
Dean half expected Cas to try and tag along on their little grocery trip despite the lack of invite, but he didn't. So it's just Jack and Dean standing outside of the marketplace as the poor teenager tasked with opening the store unlocks the front doors for them. Why they had to come to the store when the sun is barely up is no one's fault but Dean's. He could have planned for later today, or even just tossed Cas the keys and a credit card and told him to go nuts. But nope, he made his bed and was lying in it.
Dean reluctantly meets Cas' eye across the table, "Fine. You look good today. The whole..." he waves a hand down his figure with the skewed tie and the sex hair and the rolled up shirtsleeves, "Shirt."
"I-" Dean turns and Cas is staring at him- not angry, like he'd expected, just more... sad. Which is even worse.
"Exactly."
Jody's right. Who in their right mind
"Yeah, alright. Well..." Sam stands, "We'll come with you."
"I most certainly am
Despite all the surface-level bitterness between them right now, that kind of thing dissipates in an instant when it comes to the big things. This, it’s a disagreement. Something they'll work out.
"You're good too, Cas" He breathes, resting his forehead on the other man's and closing his eyes. They stand like that, Dean gripping one side of Cas' face and leaning into the other, the two of them wordlessly in love in a dirty corner of a carnival parking lot. And Dean makes it happen because a hunter's life isn't made of much but it's made of moments. This is one of the best.
A wetness starts gathering in his lashes. Hot pinpricks of something spasming in his nose and behind his eyes, blurring his vision.
Jack smiles and nods, looking a bit confused but not commenting on it.
A shot rings out.
"You're wrong."
And this is their life now. A life Castiel never thought he'd be able to have. His life was supposed to end several times over, but he kept coming back because this was meant to be his true ending on this earth. A hunter he pulled from Hell, with too big a heart and too short a fuse. Just a man, who by definition and all accounts should've been no different from the millions of other men who have walked this earth in this angel's lifetime. He just so happened to end up being the most important man in all of creation. Not because he's the righteous man or because he stopped the apocalypse several times over or because he beat God himself. He's important because Castiel fell in love with him somewhere through all of that, when he wasn't supposed to, and in all accounts of fate and the universe, he shouldn't have. But he did. And by some strike of malfunction in the universe's planning, or maybe simply despite it, since Dean Winchester has never given a fuck about the universe's plans... Dean fell for him too. They'd been falling together all along, right beside each other, blindly and completely.
"...always been like this! Shoot first, ask questions later-"
Sam shuffles over to the other side, eyeing the scattered belongings already being collected and stuffed into boxes. It's barely been a day and Olivia's already being cleared from the room like she never existed.
Cas/Crowley: Was hoping you’d already be so hot in your skivvies from this tantalizing conversation you’d leap onto a bit of spicy interaction
That is, unless it's Dean trying to set
What's with this house, anyway? No weapons, no holy water? Maybe there’s an edge to thinking everyone should take after the great paranoid masters among the likes of Bobby Singer or Rufus Turner...
”Better be.” He mumbles, circling the pew to stand at Cas’ rear. Maybe it’s to keep a better eye on Lily, more likely it’s so he doesn’t have to look Cas in the eye for five minutes.
was on his
! Now they were getting somewhere.
seduced
“Righting injustices is why I became a lawyer. I’ll just do some research, see what I can find out till Friday.”
Once he did, Cas felt himself get nervous again, even when Dean placed a thin sheet over his buttocks.
“Or, you know, maybe more, if you’re down for that. Whatever.”
“Not a sign of affection between
His alpha was way too horny, and the prospect of filling up Cas’ hole made his dick perk up. Breeding an omega had somehow become less important, even though that’s what ruts were all about.
Dean was a
Jimmy just pretended Dean hadn’t seen anything and Dean was okay to go along with the whole not-talking-about-it approach since he had no idea what to say anyway.
Only, Dean hadn’t been alone—and had been in a rather compromising position.
Gabe looked intrigued for the first time and didn’t miss a beat, “Triple.”
As a paramedic, Dean knew all about physiological responses and reflexes. There had been a whole seminar he’d had to take about neck baring as part of his training.
! What would he need CuddleBuds for? He better not be looking for another human to cuddle. Dean had dibs!
Castiel had a real knack for getting himself into difficult situations. The problem was, he wasn’t as good at getting out of them.
And then the redhead, Charlie, said, “So, here’s how you play ‘Mystery Word,’” and somehow, everyone assumed he would play, which meant that Castiel was stuck here, no way out without attracting unwanted attention.
scent was finally overshadowing the annoying fake one for good.
“I think it would be more authentic if we lost our shirts,” Castiel suggested. “You’d have better access to my neck that way.”
They did mate—but only in the sense that they had sexual intercourse. Again, Dean nibbled on his mating gland some but didn’t bite down hard enough.
Dean didn’t quite know what to say. This was a weird secret. Why hadn’t Cas just said that in the first place? Best friend cuddles trump normal friend cuddles—seemed pretty straightforward. Unless there was something he was leaving out. Maybe he wasn’t as oblivious to Dean’s feelings as he pretended to be? Could he tell just by cuddling him that Dean’s feelings went a lot deeper than simple friendship?
The next moment, Castiel heard his voice inside his head, praying to him so that only Castiel could hear, “My body’s back home. Quick, go heal me!”
Dean grinned at him brightly. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yeah, sure,” he mumbled instead.
Still it had gotten pretty late, and Dean found himself yawning.
Thanks so much to all of my commenters for the support on the last chapter! 💖 It really motivated me so that here's the next update already (way too early, I know, I couldn't wait once I had finished it). I hope you like this chapter as well. 😊
“Oh no. I’m not trying to get anyone to fall in love with me,” Dean quickly said. “It’s to make someone fall
Dean finally had his omega where he wanted him. In his bed, ass in the air, Dean’s cock lodged inside it. Yeah, Dean was totally gonna wreck this hole.
“What? We just
“… thought so too, but did you see them instinctively scent each other? No way to fake that.”
Not so bad? Yeah, okay, Dean would take it. Maybe one day he could convince Cas that he was more than a ‘not so bad’ mate. That he was, in fact, a mate Cas would like to stick around. And then they could stay fake mated forever.
Of course that was a ridiculous thought, considering that he was standing here, being scented by an omega within an inch of his life. He couldn’t remember the last time he had been scented in such a blatant way.
“You’re so sexy when you moan,” Dean said, surprised by how loose Cas was already.
He got a tired smile in return. Since Dean’s hand was already on Cas’ shoulder, he raised it to brush a finger across Cas’ cheek as a mini scent mark hidden behind a ‘chin up!’ gesture. (So much for professional boundaries…)
And then it was happening; Dean was actually leaning in—slowly, carefully—to nuzzle against Cas’ neck.
As a matter of fact, Impala taking such good care of him had triggered Castiel’s pre-heat a bit early, which was very inconvenient. It shouldn’t have come as a surprise—if an omega was interested in an alpha as a potential mate and they were intimate with each other, it often sent the omega into heat. Only, he hadn’t even
“Of course. Your rut has only just started.”
As Cas lapped his cock clean, making pleased noises, Dean wanted nothing more than to tell him his biggest secret. He couldn’t, of course, but his post-orgasmic brain had trouble remembering why.
Maybe laughing about some dumb reality show together would make him sleepy. Decision made, he went over to ring the bell. He soon realized that he should have brought a flashlight since he couldn’t even find the damn bell. Motion sensors! That’s what Jimmy needed! Dean would just have to install them himself next chance he got…
was the one who stood to gain everything if Dean played along. If the alpha was stupid enough to offer his help, who was Castiel to refuse it? Plus, he’d get out of his tiny apartment sooner than he could have hoped for. Moving into a house that smelled like Dean? Was the cherry on top.
That was it. He had postponed thinking about it long enough. Since his friends hadn’t been very helpful, he decided that the internet would probably be able to help him make sense of what was going on.
Castiel felt a smile tug at the corners of his lips, but before it could blossom into a real one, full of heartfelt happiness, Dean continued, “Who else would fix my dick?”
Being able to scent it this early in the pregnancy was rather uncommon, but with Dean’s nose pushed right up against Cas’ scent gland, he had a clear advantage here. Plus, it was
Okay, it wasn’t just
They had come together, alleviating Cas’ heat like only an alpha’s knot usually could.
He was rewarded when Dean started fucking his face more roughly before gripping his head to hold him still and coming all the way down his throat, pumping a warm flood of thick come straight into his belly. Obviously, this alpha had been really pent up for a long time, considering the amount of spunk he had just dumped into him.
“That’s normal,” Castiel was quick to inform Dean, trying to look over his shoulder to see Dean’s reaction. He knew that humans didn’t have uropygial glands, and what humans didn’t know, they more often than not considered weird. For some reason, he didn’t want Dean to think of his wings as something ‘weird.’
Cas made sure that his voice, at least, was too quiet for Dean to hear when he said, “He’s
Dean’s body was lying on his bed, a bottle of pills in his lifeless hand.
“Yes, I capiche.”
It didn’t take long at all for him to start panting, almost there,
“Hey, I get it,” Dean said. “You’re embarrassed. An
—had taken him, it had been against his will, and when he had tried to fight them off, they had been very rough. He hadn’t even slicked, so of course it had hurt a lot.
Castiel took the prescription as if in trance.
just to make sure you were okay.”
The day before, breakfast had ended in a hot make-out session, and today, the conversation was stilted at best.
Somehow, his hands started stroking the alpha’s naked skin of their own accord. Oh yes, Castiel was absolutely ready to help out this needy alpha in rut. He’d let him use his omega in any way he wanted. If that meant he wouldn’t be able to sit comfortably for days to come, all the better.
So, why was there a hunter who was going to kill him asleep in his bed?! Somehow, Dean had managed to bypass his wards. Since when were hunters able to do that?
“I told you I was coming for a visit,” Gabe replied, similarly ignoring Dean.
he did. He had only wanted to help Castiel out.
At least his rut had been taken care of: the blinking warning that he was in rut had vanished. Apparently, mounting an omega was all it took. If only it were that easy in real life.
So, yeah, flirting with Cas was a perfectly harmless way of tricking his alpha into believing he got what he really wanted—which was propositioning Cas. Or maybe professing his love. Something with ‘pro.’
Here, he had allies. Here, he had people who could protect him.
Castiel swallowed. “I can see why.”
? Where had he hidden
It still didn’t make complete sense. Why would Dean tell them he was in a sexual relationship with him when he knew he couldn’t reveal that Cas was an omega?
Dean smirked. Looked like he was getting his omega ready for another bout of heat.
“What?” Dean huffed out a laugh. “We’re not
to be sold to the highest bidder again? If not, stop being such an omega and come with me!” He made another attempt at leading Cas away.
“I told you. I had trouble falling asleep.” That might originally have been a little white lie, but since karma was a bitch, it had turned into the truth. A quick glance at his alarm clock told him that he’d only had about three hours of sleep. Way too early to have a pissed off omega in his room.
Cas faltered in his steps. Dean might be talking about him. He was tempted to stop and listen, but Dean should be able to talk to his brother without having a nosy omega eavesdrop on their conversation. So, Cas quickly made his way to the bedroom, trying not to wonder about that sentence he had overheard.
It turned out he wouldn’t have had to worry. Dean’s brother, Sam, and best friend, Benny, who had been invited as well, turned out to be just as nice as Dean himself, and an alphas’ night in wasn’t all that different from an omegas’ night in. It wasn’t all belching contests and fighting each other to see who was the stronger alpha.
Cas jabbed Dean in the ribs for that comment. To Gabe, he said, “No, you didn’t.”
become scent deprived.
“Yes,
Cas was looking up at him through hooded eyes. He seemed just as drunk on Dean’s scent as Dean was on his. Which was to be expected. They were scent-bond partners after all. Nothing strange going on here, just two scent-bond partners making the most of their scent bond.
Dean had hidden his penis from view, which was a shame because something about seeing Dean’s hand wrapped around it had left Castiel’s wings all aflutter.
He pushed in, just the tip, and Cas was going wild beneath him. This was the first time a cock breached him, and Dean’s alpha was very content that
They spent the next hour or so talking and then, inevitably, things got quieter as exhaustion took over, and the mumbled conversation turned to whispered conversation turned to nonverbal conversation that mostly consisted of leaning against each other. Dean’s eyes started drooping soon after and he slowly blinked them open one more time to look into Cas’.
“Yes! Do it!” His own voice probably sounded a bit out of breath, but he didn’t care. He absolutely
“Look, yes. Although I doubt looking would suffice.”
He faltered in his steps and came to a halt. It wasn’t an article of clothing. It was
Almost immediately, he startled awake.
It wasn’t like Cas was all that invested in sex, anyway. Dean had been the one to introduce him to porn when they had been in their
It was probably just because he knew he wouldn’t get to go back to Purgaytory in at least a few weeks. Too bad they didn’t have a club like that closer to home. Or maybe his rut was coming on…
“Yeah, that’s not… Try the wrist?”
He asked Dean, voice devoid of inflection, “And that is a dealbreaker for you?”
Cas looked over his shoulder, a frown on his face.
“You said it didn’t even work,” Cas replied, unimpressed.
Rolling his eyes, Sam shook his head. “
Castiel took a few steps closer to join the circle, and Anael spoke up, “You can’t tell us about a witch gone rogue and then vanish and not react to any attempts at establishing telepathic communication.”
Just like last time, they had a couple of days before his heat would hit. Since they didn’t need that time to get to know each other, they could spend it on fun activities like cooking together, and laughing about stupid things from a ridiculous movie they were watching to Dean’s attempt at chasing a spider away.
Dean had to have simply pulled his cock out without getting undressed because Cas felt the roughness of his clothes against his naked body.
Castiel looked up, and there, in the doorway, stood Dean and Sam, weapons drawn.
But how could he be in heaven if he wasn’t dead?
had it felt like this.)
Castiel couldn’t answer since he had to grit his teeth to keep still and not just fly away from those hands that had groomed him a million times. Probably more. Never had it felt this uncomfortable.
Softly massaging Castiel’s lips with his own, Dean slowly lowered himself down on top of him and—oh, that was his hard penis brushing against Castiel’s.
Cas let an omega wail escape, a way of begging the alpha to mount him.
. In places they had been careful not to touch ever since their stay at the fertility ranch.
statue. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to stretch my wings.”
Dean grinned. Found one sensitive spot.
So, all in all, maybe it was for the best that they hadn’t ended up mated.
Dean fell right off the chair.
It had been rather hard to hold himself back from getting even more inappropriate with Cas than he had already been. There hadn’t really been a lot of platonic thoughts left inside his head when it came to the angel. After all, Cas was the whole package: nice, funny (in his own way), geeky (which had somewhere along the way become a turn-on for Dean), with a scent to die for—and don’t even get him started on those unnaturally good looks and huge wings Dean had quickly developed a kink for.
In reality, he knew he’d fuck him hard and fast—there was no place for ‘gentle’ when two alphas were going at it—but by that time, the alpha would be begging for it. A hard fuck was just what this alpha needed to appreciate his position in the rank order.
For a moment, it seemed like Cas was about to say yes. But always the polite omega, he shook his head. “No, he… he can stay. I was just wondering about… pregnancy heat.”
She had materialized out of nowhere a few feet to his right.
“Aaand that is my cue to leave,” Sam said. Oh, right. Sam was there, too. Castiel had almost forgotten. “See you soon.” Sam nodded at Castiel and held his hand out towards Dean.
Soon, the angel got the hang of it and pushed his ass back onto Dean’s dick with each thrust.
That… was actually surprisingly thoughtful of Dean.
ago.”
The longer Castiel was in the presence of this human, the more his feathers got ruffled and not just in the figurative sense. Something weird was going on with his feathers, which puffed up and no doubt made him look utterly ridiculous. Luckily, his wings were invisible to Dean.
Were those
” he moaned, squeezing his eyes shut in pleasure, no idea what it was he was begging for, but sure that Dean would be the only one who would be able to give it to him.
“Yeah, well. That’s just how much… affection I have for you.”
“The gang missed you tonight,” Dean said apropos of nothing when Cas joined him on the couch. “Charlie was grumpy because she had no one to talk geek with, and Benny said you still owed him a Short Trip to Purgatory. What’s that about anyway? I mean, who in their right mind would even order that?!”
It wasn’t a lie. Of course, it wasn’t the whole truth either, letting Dean assume it was just the ‘typical’ part he was referring to, but Dean inclined his head and accepted the excuse. After all, he told him often enough that he was a ‘weird dorky little guy.’ Not your ‘typical alpha’ indeed…
made progress, Dean was proud to note and could hold his own against Benny’s attacks quite well. But when Benny tried to pin his arms to his side from behind, that’s when it happened.
After Castiel answered his questions (No on both counts), they would just keep talking for a while since there was no sense in just hanging up after a five-second phone call.
Sam asked when Dean finally decided to call him a couple of days later.
“No.” Castiel kissed Dean again because he couldn’t get enough of the alpha. “What does it feel like?”
It had to be the alpha who was standing on a ladder, shirtless, in the process of cleaning the store window. His scent was all alpha, mixed in with the spicy scent of his sweat, which made Cas—probably for the first time in his life—
In typical Dean fashion, he didn’t mention it, though. It was probably just another line for him to cross without thinking anything strange of it. Like the time Cas had gone into heat and Dean had thought the appropriate reaction was to scent-mark him before driving him home.
That’s why, when Justin came flying in through the archway, Castiel was initially happy for the distraction.
has to be the stupidest thing you’ve ever said.”
So, that left him with… “Did you follow my instructions?”
Typical clueless angel.
One of Dean’s favorite parts (and secretly, Castiel’s too) was the moment he pushed his long cock into his ass. More often than not, he had Castiel on his back so that he could look right at him at the moment of penetration.
Somehow, that only seemed to calm Cas down even more. The omega sagged against him more heavily and they were quietly scenting each other for a while.
Put on the spot like that, Dean didn’t know how to make this okay, so he finished, a bit lamely, “That comment was uncalled for. Sorry it made you puke.”
His scent was now so sweet and inviting that there was no doubt about it: Dean had succeeded in his mission. Oh yeah. This omega was absolutely ready to be mated.
“Wanna stick around for morning sex?” Dean asked because he was logical like that and it made a lot more sense if he had Cas close by overnight in case he got horny again. Damn rut was only a few weeks away, so making decisions with his dick was par for the course.
“I also said scent an alpha, see if you can pick up on a faint trace of scent.”
Yet, here he was, having fallen for the omega he’d knocked up at a fertility ranch, ready to start a family, and the weirdest thing was—he wasn’t scared. He was excited. Maybe a bit nervous, but mostly about telling Cas that he wanted them to stay together, be a family together, maybe get mated some day…
“What?” Jimmy didn’t seem nearly as excited about the brilliance of his plan as Dean was.
“I could help,” Dean said. “You know, nothing seems more convincing than the real deal.”
, his mind supplied.) Nevertheless, Cas motioned for Dean to follow him to the couch.
Maybe that wasn’t such a bad tactic, either. It would remind Dean of the fact that Castiel was the only one he could have sex with. Surely, he didn’t want to kill the only person on earth he could have sex with.
Yet, here he was, climbing in bed next to Cas as if they were still on heat vacation.
At least, Dean was still asleep, which gave Castiel time to weigh his options.
“What?”
To chase those thoughts away, he fucked the omega harder because his alpha demanded it.
His eyes were drawn to the claiming bite and he licked his lips and said, “I’m gonna renew my claim on you now.”
Castiel had only visited them a few weeks back to trade for some rarer herbs. Everything had seemed so normal.
With a sigh, he got up to rejoin Cas, who was still sitting where he had left him.
As if hearing Cas repeat that word over and over was helpful in any way.
He liked playing with an omega’s hole, teasing the omega mercilessly until he was truly desperate for Dean’s cock. Since Cas was in heat, his ass was already leaking some slick, which Dean lapped right up, ignoring Cas’ squeaky “Dean!”
By the time Cas took his third load, he looked completely debauched. Of course, his former virgin asshole had gotten a good workout, but his lips were red and puffy too and there were bite marks all around his mating gland. He hadn’t even mojoed away his own spunk. Some of it was on his abdomen, and Dean had no idea how, but there was even some in his wings too. There went all of his grooming work. The wings looked disheveled just like Cas’ bedhead.
When she finally had to go back home to her family, Dean’s good mood had evaporated, especially since Cas didn’t even say anything to him, just went right back into his own room.
Holding back was hard since the alpha’s tight hole just felt so fucking amazing! Alphas’ channels were always so much tighter than an omega’s slick-covered one. But he’d fuck him open yet.
“Only because it gave me some really good pointers on how to make you feel good.” Trying to make sense of everything Cas had just revealed, he added, “Hang on. So when you say you need me ‘like that’—do you mean like
Dean, which was ridiculous, of course, because Dean wasn’t Cas’ alpha to scent-mark.
clueless? How could anyone not know that cuddling with someone else was a deep betrayal of trust once you had developed such an intimate cuddle relationship like he and Dean had?
There came a time when they just blew each other and Dean came down Cas’ throat. No one mentioned the fact that they had just wasted some of Dean’s sperm.
Dean crossed his arms. “Oh, sorry, my bad. Didn’t realize I left a window open.”
Dean’s confused frown told him that he didn’t understand what he was talking about, so he began reciting the nursery rhyme in the exact singsong voice his mother had always used, “
“Don’t sweat it,” Dean said. “I’m just really fast. I’ll plan in some cardio for the training sessions.”
, okay? A witch cursed my dick.”
“Okay,” he heard Dean sigh, and then there was movement away from the bathroom door.
In typical Dean fashion, he slouched more into the couch, bringing their knees closer together. Personal space was a concept they had long since moved past. If they wanted to find an excuse, they could blame the small couch, but it was really just the fact that they had been roommates for over twenty years now. (For practical reasons, of course, because finding a new place and moving sounded like a lot of effort for little gain.)
“They don’t do anything they don’t want to do. And fine, I won’t pay you then. Just think of it as a one-night stand. You have those all the time. Don’t pretend you wouldn’t have left me at the end of the night to have sex with an omega anyway.”
“Let’s relocate to the bedroom,” Dean suggested. “That took the edge off, but my alpha is going to want to have another go at you soon.”
“Oh.”
“What? No… I’m not… I meant the last
“Say?” His brain was due to come back online any second now, but until then, Cas would just rejoice in the fact that his crush was reciprocated after all.
“That damned private eye! That’s it! I’m going to give him a piece of my mind!”
As always, somewhere during their cuddle time, the feeding stopped, but Cas didn’t open his eyes again, and eventually, he started snoring softly, still pressed up against Dean, who kept the cuddles coming regardless of whether Cas needed them.
First, the alpha struggled a bit, still attempting to buck him off, but when he realized it was to no avail, he went pliant and—yes! Finally!—bared his neck for Dean, admitting defeat.
And Dean certainly didn’t mind having a house guest. After all, Cas staying the night gave Dean the perfect opportunity to educate Cas in pop culture by watching some of his favorite movies.
“Yeah.”
, all the while smelling so ripe for the taking, his scent basically
Dean actually sounded happy to hear from him, but that was probably an act he put on for all of his clients.
“You really don’t need to…” he mumbled into Dean’s neck.
fine with Cas flirting with every alpha he met. He’d buy tickets for them at the movie theater, and the clerk would say, “Here are your tickets,” and then Cas would be all, “Thank you.”
doing here?’ was implied.
Then there was a very tentative tickling, as if Cas was just taking a small sip. Even so, it still felt more intense somehow. Remembering that he was supposed to cuddle Cas more actively, too, he resumed stroking his hip and then moved his hand up his side.
There was a moment where he thought he might have picked up on the ghost of a scent, but it was gone before he could try to chase it. Probably just a memory of a scent. He had a lot of those. He had started dreaming in scents shortly after the accident, which was very weird.
A moment later, Jimmy had vanished inside and the door shut in his face.
“I forgot to call Gabe!” Cas realized, slapping his forehead with his hand. In all the excitement the day before, he had completely forgotten to set the alarm.
The alpha was now moaning unashamedly, managing between pants, “Yes!” and “Harder!” and, best of all, “
“Uhm… relaxed.” That did not sound like the whole truth, but it wasn’t what Castiel had wanted to know anyway.
of all people. Talk about bad taste in alphas.
“Well, I… I wouldn’t know… I mean… It depends… If you’re wearing that shirt a lot… Doesn’t have to mean
They were doing the eye contact thing again. Dean’s alpha seemed to like what he saw as well, the green in his eyes fading and red taking its place. Castiel couldn’t have kept his omega from flashing his own eyes in return if he had tried, and the next thing he knew, Dean was taking him up on the offer and leaning down to capture Castiel’s lower lip between his.
Dean rolled his eyes at how utterly clueless Sam was. “Don’t be ridiculous. I see him almost every day.”
Dean didn’t seem to have any problems explaining it away, though. He raised his eyebrows and, still with that bright smile on his face, simply said, “Yeah.”
Yes! Cas tilted his head ever so slightly. Dean’s hand casually traveled down to Cas’ hip where he rested it while he gently licked a stripe from Cas’ cent gland to his mating gland.
you,” Dean retorted. “I almost gave you a mating bite, would have if you hadn’t stopped me. I think those should have been clues enough.”
Castiel’s insides ran cold. He had been sure Dean had been oblivious to his feelings. Then again, he had been floating a few inches above the ground in Dean’s presence a lot. As far as obvious ‘witch in love’ signals went, that one was a neon sign that might have clued Dean in. He shouldn’t have relied too heavily on Dean’s ignorance concerning a witch’s magic.
One whiff and he was
It probably meant that there would be no sex tonight because clearly, they needed to talk about things—what was Jimmy comfortable with, did he even
Dean wanted to taste those lips. More, he wanted to take that nipple Cas had played with between his lips and feel it harden against his tongue. He wanted to softly suckle it.
It had even been infected at times and trying to reach his own back had been frustrating to say the least. Even now, in an attempt to make the scars look less red and angry, Cas occasionally tried to apply some cream, but it was almost impossible to apply it right and took him a long time.
And then the nightmare continued. Someone was at the door.
at this gym before. In fact, he’d banged an omega in this very shower room once (which he so would never tell Benny about).
Yet, before he could do any of those things, Jimmy stepped on the cell phone and crushed it. Then, he bent down to pick it up and mumbled something about needing to go.
(See the end of the chapter for
That needed some getting used to, though, because the angel had no concept of boundaries. For example, he might fly into Dean’s bedroom and watch him sleep, waiting for him to wake up. And then there was the one time he had flown right into Dean’s bathroom when he was just getting out of the shower.
Jimmy was lying on Dean’s bed because that was simply the easiest position for him to work the lotion into the scars, and Dean brushed across the mark on his neck and said, “Looks good on you.”
His hair tickled Dean’s chin and Dean had no idea where to put his hands. Around Cas’ shoulders or onto his hips would be the obvious solution, but both seemed way too intimate.
A second later, a picture came through.
And—oh! They hadn’t even used a condom! They hadn’t planned on this going any further, and then things had just… happened naturally. At that point, Dean had been too busy trying to let Cas set the pace, trying to keep from coming prematurely, and all in all, he’d been too aroused to even think of the fact that he was about to fuck an omega in heat without a rubber.
“Cas—I don’t mind. Now, weren’t you supposed to scent me or something?”
There was a lot Dean would be willing to do to see Cas smile like that more often. On top of that, the scent of happy pregnant omega was overwhelming.
He should pretend to be asleep. He did not want to talk to Dean. Smelling the omega on him would probably make him nauseous.
(See the end of the chapter for
For now, he popped the cap of the lube and squirted some onto his fingers before tossing the bottle aside. Time to get that alpha ready for another pounding. That’s what he got for cheating at an alpha fight.
Of course, those kinds of thoughts were highly inappropriate, considering that Cas was his
made sure the omega he was with had a good time too, so this was a first for him.
Dean’s mouth back on his neck. It was such a thrilling sensation—all he had wanted for too long.
When he opened the door, he blinked twice, and then a third time to make sure that the alcohol wasn’t making him see things.
“I don't know.” Dean threw his hands up in the air. “He doesn’t like alphas. Or knots. Or… hell if I know. His scent-blocking brother interrupted just when I was getting to the bottom of things.”
“Seriously, Dean. Ask him.”
Again, Dean didn’t let him get to the end of his apology, “Cas—did you… did you
to get mated, while outside of it, it was their own free will. Of course, that meant getting the omega to the point where mating was possible was a lot harder. But he’d managed it before, so he was a bit stumped as to why he was getting nowhere.
That might be the reason why he kept to himself. Alphas who were attracted to alphas were still harassed even today.
He told Dean that he had to return to heaven and didn’t know when he’d be back, which was a lie. Of course, he knew that he
Touché. Looked like Jimmy could give as good as he got as far as verbal sparring was concerned. It was time to teach him how to win in a physical battle as well.
don’t say things like
“Oh. Uhm… Yes, of course. Absolutely. Let me just…” He motioned to the bedroom and then quickly got up and vanished through the bedroom door.
“Deal,” he said.
, he wouldn’t have seen me cheat on my mate. I was just driving around a bit, making sure Baby is doing okay.”
“Yes, I have it for you right here,” Gabe said, hurrying back to the counter.
There was just something about Jimmy. Something… intriguing. It wasn’t like Dean was spying on him or anything, but they were neighbors, so of course he had noticed some things.
“Dirty talk? That was not dirty talk!—This is dirty talk.”
How often did angels go into heat? Dean wouldn’t mind helping Cas out again next time…
It never took long until he’d caught an omega’s eye. Flirting came easy to him, even if it was just smiling at some omega over his beer with a nod or raising his eyebrows in a silent question of ‘wanna get out of here?’
you, before you took it? In love or something?”
Okay then. Dean pushed down his pants along with his underwear and took himself in hand.
They both looked at each other, surprised, which Dean supposed meant that Cas hadn’t realized the time was already up, either.
“Sure. So, does that mean we can finally scent each other again? ’Cause I gotta say, my alpha has really missed scenting the crap out of his scent-bond partner.”
Dean faltered in his jackhammer rhythm when he realized that his knot was starting to form. This hardly ever happened when he was with an alpha, but he just went with the flow and pushed the knot against the alpha’s rim with each new thrust.
Maybe seducing alphas wasn’t so difficult after all.
Instead of acknowledging that Dean was just doing what the latest research suggested, Sam pointed out, “You’ve fluffed that pillow four times.”
Sam. Typical for his interrupting moose of a brother.
“Hi, Cas.” Dean grinned at the nervous omega. “Yes, I’m from MEAT and sure, feel free to scent away. But maybe we should go inside?”
thing.
For an omega, she had a rather high sex drive and Castiel simply didn’t care much for mounting omegas. He did it more out of obligation than anything, but secretly, he was glad when it was over.
Zachariah didn’t even slow down as he replied with a terse, “No.”
Fighting his way out of the bushes, he was looking over his shoulder, trying to see if they had already made it inside—and ran right into someone’s arms.
As a matter of fact, he was really curious about scenting Jimmy. And since they were courting now, they were totally allowed to do it. It wasn’t like they had to be wary of some friendship line they weren’t supposed to cross anymore. Scenting counted as perfectly normal courting behavior.
Right at the end, Castiel almost slipped up when Benny said, “You should bring Mandy next time. More the merrier,” and he was close to asking, “Who?”
for it, plunging his hands deep into his feathers, mumbling the occasional “wow” as he was inspecting Castiel’s wings.
Maybe with the pay raise, he would finally be able to afford a bigger place—one that was more fitting for someone nearing his forties.
“What’s with the third degree?” Dean grumbled, but he explained nevertheless, “I left my cell at Cas’ place and had to buy a new one. End of story.”
Dean had been too focused on holding his alpha back from fucking Cas to pay attention at the time, but the next day, it occurred to him that he had no idea if Cas had been hard himself, much less if he had gotten off.
Dean’s knot was fucking in and out of Cas’ hole at that point, too, and finally, it locked into place as his cock started filling that omega up with a huge load of his own that didn’t seem to end. Pumping everything he had deep into Cas, he collapsed on top of him, breathless but deeply satisfied.
Balthazar’s voice kept echoing through his mind even when Sam and Benny, both in their pajamas, joined them for a midnight celebration in the living room.
Dean tried to make his voice sound normal as he yelled back, “Be right out!”
By the time Dean leaned back, seemingly satisfied with his work, Castiel had come to the conclusion that he might not survive their plan of doing this regularly.
Dean’s voice brought him out of his thoughts.
Dean looked so crushed and at the same time had his stoic expression on his face that meant he was burying what he really felt, which made Castiel’s brain rebooted on the spot. When he replayed what he had just said in his mind, he quickly added, “No, I mean—because we already
Dean quickly coated his own cock with the slick and put the bottle on the nightstand.
Obviously, Dean was very happy about the outcome—which might mean that he hadn’t looked forward to a repeat performance the same way Cas had.
What the hell was he on about? Before Dean could ask, Cas went on, “I hate that I need you like that. And you following the advice from that stupid book is not helping. It’s called ‘How to Take Care of Your Pregnant
I hope you like it, and if you do, a comment would make my day. 💖
Instead, Dean set up a rough rhythm in an attempt to distract his alpha from the urge to mark that omega who would soon be bearing his pup.
By the third week, they had gotten into a routine. At the beginning of the session, Castiel would let Dean pull him into the correct scenting position, and it even got easier to find his scent gland without scenting for it. After all, he’d done it a few times and knew Dean’s neck well enough by now.
Kissing your alpha friends on the cheek was normal—right? Dean did it all the time. It was just a buddy thing. It wasn’t like he had kissed Jimmy on the lips the way he had wanted to.
“Great. Feel free to jump in any time. I’m feeling like I’m doing all the work here.”
“Cas—it was a joke. Just fake-laugh at it and say goodbye.”
He would do what Dean had told him and wait here until he could put on his shirt again, just resting his eyes for a few seconds while he was waiting for the lotion to be absorbed…
were the unreasonable one. As if Cas didn’t even
That was why they didn’t stop with that one movie, but had to make time for movie night once a week. Cas wasn’t sure if pop culture really counted as an ‘important thing in life,’ but Dean was very enthusiastic about it, so he could sit through a movie with him every now and again. (Especially if Dean put an arm around his shoulder.)
“No, we are not ‘switching rooms,’” Castiel replied. “I just didn’t feel like smelling omega in our bed—
idea to come here.
Maybe it was because, just like last time, Cas’ nose was bumping against every part of Dean’s neck while searching for his scent gland.
“God, that stupid scent!” Dean mumbled into his neck.
“You’re hilarious as always,” he deadpanned as he continued pacing back and forth in his bedroom.
The alpha shuddered again when Dean started pumping his fingers in and out of him, probing and sliding along his inner walls, fucking the lube deep inside his willing ass.
“Uhm…” he tried to say, but just then Dean’s finger had found a wonderful spot deep inside and he broke off in a moan.
The next thrust was deeper, harder, and it got a grunt out of Cas. His hole gripped Dean’s cock tight, which made Dean pick up the pace because that sweet friction of his cock gliding in and out of that slicked-up hole felt too good to resist.
A noncommittal hum was the only response he got this time.
So there. Try this on for logic.
The confusion on his face slowly faded as he obviously started to realize what was going on.
Clearly, he’d have realized if he’d frigging
! Dean didn’t
Only Cas would be able to give him the squinty-eyed head tilt look while still being wrapped around him.
“Look—what do you want me to say here?” Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “You were in trouble. There’s no way I would have just sat on my ass, leaving you to deal with those jerks on your own. Speaking of which—are you going to be okay now that you’re out of heat, or are you in trouble with management?”
Dean groans, head dropping with a
. He’s not.
with you-“
Dean tilts his head- a look fully meaning she'd take an angel blade in the gut for
“You asked me to look after Sam-“
"Yep. Get's weirder," John says, reaching over to finger through a couple of pages and land on a particularly grotesque photo of the inside of the woman's head, "Victim's skull was filled with this 'goopy mush' as the doc put it."
"You're acting weird."
"Will we be going inside,” Cas asks, tone completely flat, “Or did you have something else you wanted to talk about?"
"No. Uh, no deals." He pauses, thinking how best to phrase the whole -God's sister brought you back from the dead cause I helped her make up with her little brother, who's God by the way- "Guess you could say we've made some friends since you've last been around. Did one of 'em a solid, and I, uh, I guess you're kinda like a thank you card. Maybe."
Lucifer grins, amused, grabbing Dean’s wrist right back, “Hi, Dean.”
He grabs the duster from where its kept with the rest of the cleaning supplies in the kitchen, and starts in there, gradually working his way back to Dean's room. In there he starts with the desk, careful to pick up the photographs and place them back exactly as they'd been left before. He dusts off the guns on the wall, not thinking about how he doesn't even know how to clean them. How that's just another thing that Dean might not be able to ever teach him.
John settles in the seat between them, placing his bottle down on the table, "Look, I'm not just saying this to argue... but I'm not sold."
"You still working through those docs I sent you?" Sam asks on the way to the car, tugging the keys from his pocket.
The man approaches the still bodies of the three suited men- two of which have been knocked out from the explosion- and kicks aside a chunk of debris in his path towards the dark-haired man still squirming slightly on the pavement.
"Hey, hey," Dean keeps his voice a near whisper, but Cas hears him, head tiredly drifting towards the sound, "Come on."
And hope to god that Rowena has more answers- that this wasn't the only solution on the books.
"Are we actually considering this?" Dean finally asks when they're on the road, Ketch following closely behind, having encouraged that the four of them put a fair shot of distance between themselves and the agents intent on them.
... Or maybe that was just Sam. Did Dean even get that? Those good days? He must've. He always tried
M-    Mom-
"Lads... if I wasn't sincere, if I meant you harm, there's a dozen ways I could've come in here and taken you all prisoner instead of being unarmed." He fists his jacket, swinging it open to show, as if in evidence.
Cas rolls his eyes and in the same movement dips the weight of his shoulder a little further into Dean's. On the screen Jack Twist and Ennis Del Mar shake hands in introduction.
"I don't complain about your movies-"
there to-"
Eileen: We'll get them back
Sam rewinds the footage one more time, backtracking to when Dean and the stranger first exited the building- stopping when the man's face comes into view. He... he recognizes him from somewhere...
He continues down the trail, dog trotting happily at his side.
"You- you can't. He's the President." She stammers, eyes hard.
"The rock star?"
They take three separate cars. Dean, Cas, Sam and Eileen all pile into the impala, while Donna takes Patience, Jody, Alex and Jack in the "D-Train." Claire and Kaia take Claire’s old beater. It’s not a two seater but it’s so crammed full of half of Claire’s things it might as well be.
They're walking on eggshells and pretending not to hear the crackle beneath their heels.
"We just gotta get you cured." Sam mumbles to himself, eyes firm on the prints in the dirt.
It's scrawled out in Dean's own handwriting. That handwriting, he'd know just about anywhere.
"Dude!" His tone completely changes, switching gears immediately to all-too concerned little brother, "Where the hell have you been?"
After a lengthy span of dead air, Sam reaches a long arm between them and turns down the radio. He blows air from his cheeks, adjusting in his seat and running an anxious hand through his hair before finally finding his words.
they're in trouble for chewing up the couch.
"You gonna need wheels?" Dean clears his throat, walking backwards toward the cabinet holding the keys to their car collection, plastering on a small, forced smile. It doesn't quite reach his eyes, but he tries it anyway.
He turns at the newfound ferocity in her tone, "Oh, these witches sound like dicks.
in control, I
Dean: To both of you :|
Dean responds almost instantaneously, and it's clear the day has weighed on him, so Cas jokes along, trying in any small way to lighten his mood- which must be dire because he doesn't so much as mention Lucifer. But Cas doesn't pry.
"I noticed that you didn't talk about... the nature of my departure with Sam or Jack."
anything.
By the time the door swings open, cracking against the opposite wall- her breathing evens out, and she nods slow and precise, the smallest of smiles hinting at the corner of her mouth.
"What the-" Sam ducks his gaze out the window, and waves to a woman screaming out at them, "Sorry! Our fault." He turns to Dean, "R for reverse, Dean."
It's either the start of a bad joke or a box office hit
A last lingering scan over the pair, Lucifer takes the distraction from his own ramblings and blasts Crowley across the room, into the closest wall. Tit for tat.
"Like you care."
"What I’m certain you’ve already been told, is basically true." Mick nods, "We were keen on knowing about the two of you, seeing as you seem to be
But he sits in the library and all he can think about is morning coffee with Sam. Late afternoons poring over lore for the latest case and maybe Dean falls asleep on one of the open books across the table. Music carrying in from Dean's room down the hall late at night. The soft padding of footsteps anytime one of them can't sleep and they seek him out amongst the books just so they don't have to be alone for a little while in the cover of night.
Crowley follows easily, matching pace and knocking his shoulder against Cas' as they walk. "Bumping into each other, working the same leads. What are the odds, Cassie? Fate brought us together."
Regardless of these brits true intentions- if that's what's at the end of this road then that seems as good a deal as any. Just gotta pull it off first.
, by never standing up for himself. By letting everyone around him use him like he's worth nothing.
Jesus Christ, if he could ever delete a single sentence from ever having passed through his brain, that’d be it. Accuracy of the comparison be damned.
"Yes."
been a tad more communicative than usual… overprotective, you could say, given the circumstances. They
he?" Crowley doesn't seem all that surprised, but there's still a note of glee in his voice, "I'll have to send a fruit basket. Saving the world with no casualties? Winchesters are ever a surprise."
can fix this, it's her. Still doesn't stop him from pacing, though, hands in firm fists in his pockets, nails digging into his palms to ground him.
"Are you asking me to be your boyfriend, Dean?" The corner of Cas' mouth quirks in a suppressed smile, his voice even.
Maybe he would. But Crowley?
Cas is about to say something else but Dean nudges him, nodding at Jody. They both turn to her and she smiles, stopping in front of the trio.
"And why not? Pray do tell... I'm loveable. Charming. Surprisingly giving in bed…" Crowley continues, ticking off a finger with each characteristic on the list.
The pair step through and clomp down the metal staircase to the interior door, which rings out the same harsh metallic whine it always does at their entrance. The sound of returning home.
He knows Sam's gonna try and take the bullet for the two of them, but there's no way in Hell that's happening. Why Sam would ever think it was an option in the first place is insane.
them? You don't just shake something like that off. But good things
Hell, there was one time he went two whole days stumbling around the same town without some idea who he was- dad really put him through the ringer on that one when he finally found him.
"Alright, well..." Dean starts and then stops in his tracks again, "Wait,
Dean had beautiful eyes. He should've told him that.
the one who called
Cas leans in, softly kissing away the foam, "I may not have known it yet, but I'd fallen the moment I found you in Hell."
Dean could hear the bed softly creak as Cas shifted his weight on the mattress on the other side of the door, and Dean let himself in, poking his head through first with a dopey smile that he knew he reserved for when he was uncomfortable but still wasn’t able to stop himself from doing it.
mission. And now you're butt-buddies with another, and sharing a roof with something else that's riding around in a dead man's skin? You act like that's nothing. Like I should just take it in stride-"
"She'll face consequences in London." Mick assures.
Donna and Jody trudge in quickly behind them, boots clanking down the metal staircase, arms loaded with tote bags filled with who-knows-what.
kind. So he lets out a breath and lets Sam try.
Maybe that hope'll be enough for the both of them in the end, but really, they probably
"Blonde. Name. Now." Cas says, drawing the words out, head dipping over poor Jamie.
"Right."
always known but he's too damned repressed to do a single thing about it.
He knows it's bad. He knows he's making the other two worry, and that he should try harder for Jack and for Sam, but after all of it... he just can't.
The effect may be only slightly dampened by the purpling bruise with a worsening swelling over his left eye, dried blood crusted on his cheek.
Dean breaks into a soft smile, meeting Sam's eye.
"Seems like it. We've gotta get this done soon, man."
"This hunt, man... Dad's playing all nice, which is
Dean: And all that
"Wow..."
Dean: (blue heart emoji)
he does. It's not like he actively sits around musing on the fact that his dad is dead and he’s
Dean and Cas trade a look, and you know it's bad when even Cas knows the lying isn't convincing, but they let him continue a few more lines anyways.
realizes. He cares for people so deeply, it's difficult for him to receive any amount of reciprocation to the same degree. To receive more... at best, he retreats. At worst he becomes self-destructive...
Dean looks up and finds Cas looking at him with a fondness, smiling. "What?"
Sam says it softly, almost like a question, brows drawn. John doesn't even acknowledge him.
"What's up?" Dean nods to John, pocketing his cell.
"Cool!"
Wordlessly, he hands it back to Cas, the both of them sitting in a weird kind of silence, unsure if the other knows exactly what this is.
He shoves up his left sleeve just far enough that it sticks bunched at his elbow, and slices the blade clean across the skin of his forearm. No sizzling, no nothing, just plain old red blood. John stares down at it, eyes raising up to meet Dean's again, his expression unchanged.
What was he doing?
It's something they need to talk about- they both know it. It's just easier to put off and pretend it's nothing, at least as far as Dean's concerned.
confusion face. The face where if Dean were to actually look at his brother, they'd start a silent conversation just with looks across the table. Another conversation Dean really just doesn't want to start.
Claire: Lol pretty sure he was fucking with you
"Hmm," John leans against the side of the truck, kicks his foot up to rest on the tire behind him, and crosses his arms, "And how'd you find this place?"
He's being clingy. He can admit that.
"Alright old timer," Dean pats his dad on the shoulder in passing, "Film's in color now, and poodle skirts are out of style. Welcome to the future. Let's roll."
inwards with a sharp crackling of splinters tearing apart and colliding with the opposite wall- ingniting a shrill shriek of horror from within-
Things don't blow up for five full days.
"You've definitely pointed that one out before," Dean says, but dips his head in right next to Cas' anyway, welcoming the end to the conversation and following his finger to the sea of stars in the sky.
"Here, let me take some of that-" Sam rushes up to the pair, grabbing a few bags from Jody and hunching over to kiss her on the cheek.
on the laptop. It's way too early for Christmas movies- but no one can figure out a good enough Thanksgiving equivalent. So,
Only one thing stands out- his own name. Muttered by the voice of a woman. Clear. Concise. He doesn't recognize it.
every time with each other. You make these decisions saying its the best for the other one but never actually say shit to each other.
Cas has been quiet, but he's bound to be in as much disarray as Dean is, he's just always been better at hiding it. Dean bets, though, if he were to look over his shoulder, Cas would be fidgeting in his seat, hands intertwined and anxiously moving in his lap.
"I don't wanna kill
No one said a word when they got back to the bunker, either. The echo of their footsteps entering the empty hall, deafening. They were drained. Sam mumbled a goodnight and headed straight to his room. Mom didn’t show, she probably wouldn’t either.
"Thoughts on how to lure it inside?" John raises a brow, picking up a chair and tossing it to the side so Dean can grab the carpet beneath and haphazardly roll it enough that it's out of the way.
With a final huff of a chuckle and roll of her eyes, she disappears out of the stall, the bathroom door banging shut not a moment later.
Cas is parked by a motel just on the outskirts of Boulder when he sees John's pickup pull in and idle on the edge of the lot, ready to pull out at a moment's notice.
All these weeks with him, he’s learned a thing or two about reading that demon. He may even hold just as much fear and wrath as Cas in these moments.
lives or dies. This is the
"So what happens when, uh, stuff like this goes wrong and no one's around to help you?" Dean asks, eyeing the land surrounding them.
Cas doesn't have time for niceties, so he elects to ignore the man and peers around instead, looking for any indication at all of his location. There's nothing but darkness and land stretching for miles in any one direction. He could still be in Kansas, but he could be in about any other state in the midwest, too. The billboard behind is no help either, a singed hole left where he clearly collided through it on his rough landing.
Cas watches her stab another piece of toast into the growing pile, sipping his coffee, "I like that. I suppose it's a better phrase than outcast."
He's fine to do it. He is. He just wishes for once that they were the type of family where one of them didn't have to try so hard to keep an unstable peace.
"Uh, John... Bonham." He recalls the name from Dean's card and pulls it from his wallet, passing it over, "And that's just a, uh... he's a business colleague."
They no longer live a hunter's life, but these boys still collect their moments as though they do, and cherish every one.
(Today 7:02 PM)
anymore, for Christ's sakes. He wakes up and he can't do that gently either- cause these hands are- they're shaking, fisted beneath the pillow he's got shoved up against his face so hard he can barely breathe.
Dean doesn't know what to do with that cause, to him, Cas is just Cas. That's how it's always been. The growing intensity to which he's regarded him as much is the only thing that's changed over the years.
Cas was right. The road between salvation and ruin- it's a thread that can be broken with the smallest tug. The tinest blade.
Dean drops his arms, grips a hand on Cas' knee without even thinking about it, and opens his mouth, an argument on the tip of his tongue. Cas cuts him off with a hand on his arm.
The metal door seems to clang shut even louder than usual, the sound echoing back and forth in Dean’s scull endlessly.
"I, um, could fix that for you- if you like." Cas nods at John's leg, and motions to the clear gash on the top of his forehead from the crash. He raises his chin in a confidence he feels he doesn't currently have- which is foolish... he once led armies. John Winchester should not intimidate him in the least.
People kill for things like this. Getting their dead back.
and feeling a pounding in his head that just won't quit...
John doesn't let him get far enough to go for a third- and since Dean's acting on pure rage, barely able to register his own moves, John gets the jump on him.
Casual seems the name of the game for guys and gals like them.
"Well," She shrugs one shoulder, arching a brow, "Forgive me if I'm not your particular brand of evil that outs
He can feel Cas' fingers clasped onto the back of his jumpsuit, the fabric stretching thin against his skin. It's not the same way he'd held Sam, that's for sure. And maybe that's cause of Dean's prayerful ramblings of a man steadily going mad. Maybe it's something else he won't get a chance to find out about.
"Surely it's not simply because I'm a demon." Crowley taunts knowingly, "He was a demon, too... at the time. No cross-species nonsense here... no, no... There's only one species Dean has any interest in, much to my loss." He tilts his head, as though goading Cas to answer a question he didn't even ask.
Claire rolls her eyes. Dean snags the coffee pot and brings it to the table, refilling his own mug, then Cas and Kaia’s. Both nod to him in thanks.
"Plus, I guess I just figured he was trying to get me to be nice since he's like totally in love with you or whatever." She chokes out a laugh, then meets his eye uneasily, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear, "But you really did, huh?"
Beth shuffles uncomfortably at that, hands clasped nervously at her front and she looks on at the room with a sort of resolve, "It's... kind of mine now."
It's only different because Dean trusts Cas far too much for his own good. Far more than Cas has ever proven to deserve.
Dean twirls it on his palm, just like his own. perfectly balanced.
"Of course I would, but I'm different."
It's framed like a question but isn't. Not really. Dean chuckles at the oversimplicity of it, "Yeah, guess I'm fuckin' burdened."
”Sorry I didn’t dig out the Ouija board to inform you of your not-dad’s trip to the empty.”
Sort of.
Dean: 20 out
Dean hands off his mug without looking, muttering a small, "Thanks." and watches him trail out of the room.
(Today 7:58 AM)
Ishim? He can't talk about Cas like that. Cause Dean knows damn well that he means every word. That he's dripping with contempt and arrogance and ego. Cause this guy's still waving around that same damn heavenly flag that deems things like Sam and Dean "mud-monkeys." Lesser beings.
"No. Absolutely not." He sweeps a hand out, "I'm not gonna-"
The ringing stops, so he presses the button again.
Sam looks over at him, but Dean doesn't meet his eye, instead staring ahead at the trees, waiting for them to part so they can both just
Everything that happened to Cas was on Dean. He knew it didn’t make sense to put that on his own shoulders but he did it anyway.
“It’s just me.” Cas whispers into the room, and now that Dean can see his silhouette it’s obvious.
Dean snorts, turning back to Cas. His head is propped in his hand, eyes screwed shut. There's still bruising blossoming high on his cheek, the swelling reaching up to his eyelid on the left half of his face. In any normal person, taking a beating like the one he had, their brain probably would've started bleeding and they'd look a lot worse than that. On Cas, if he were of any sort of juiced up, those flesh wounds would've tempered down to nothing hours ago.
Dean picks his fork back up, cutting off another corner of waffle.
"You still living out that '80s buddy comedy?"
Another sunrise, another day. One Dean, quite frankly, didn't think he'd see again. And with his long-dead father, no less, arguing side by side in the car just like old times.
Dean can't remember monsters are real, or that he knows how to use a gun- but he remembers Cas enough to know he knows him, then seeing a handprint on a tree immediately springs him to mind. Seems like there's things buried below the surface- the important things maybe, and then the rest-
Cas sighs, rubbing at his temple, "I can't take much credit for that. Mostly, it was Eileen. Jody's found a couple of leads as well, but my primary focus these past few weeks has admittedly been the two of you."
"I don't know what you're talking about, Sam." Dean mutters, barely choking out the words through gritted teeth.
"W- what happened? I mean, you just went out to get some food..."
about her...
Sam exhales, scrubbing a hand through his hair, "Cas-"
Dean scoffs uneasily, shaking his head, "I'm
He'd been wondering what they were doing in this town. Figured he'd just gotten blasted and wandered a few towns over from the bunker. But, no, that's not right... they're in... Arkansas. Arkansas. Not Kansas- ARkansas.
Cas' face contorts in a mix of horror and disgust, forcing a snort from Dean mid-sip of his coffee- he starts choking and sputtering the stuff all over the table.
"I-I-I don't know her name." He shakes his head, eyes wide, blood painted over his teeth.
Dean clears his throat, his voice wavering.
"Stopped thinking about
Soft piano drifts through the speakers above, barely covering the whine of the steel cords heaving them skyward.
"As do I." He says calmly, raising his brows, "I was bloody one of them. Sam and Dean? They're like herpes. Just when you think they're gone... hello! The boys are back, leaving a trail of bodies in their wake. So...
of it."
”No. No way.” Sam says, the same time Dean clutches his overstuffed stomach and leans back, uttering, “No.”
Cas settles his hands around the mug in front of him. It's still very warm. He takes a sip. "How are Sam and John? The case?"
He starts rifling through the cabinets, opens and closes a few, looking for a pot and the boxes of easy ready mac n cheese, but it's all bare. He picks up a dish towel from the ground.
Upon speaking with the bandmate- Tommy- the next morning, he starts believing less and less that this event is simply something to overlook.
"Well then stop looking!" Dean yells, gripping the steering wheel until his knuckles are white.
But that's not all that causes Cas to stiffen uncertainly beneath the touch- it's how Dean seems to be wrapped around him, one arm circled around his neck and palming the back of his head.
"...dead woman? No blood? Come on." The attendant scoffs as Cas tunes back into the brothers' questioning, turning his back on the wings, "And these crazy burn marks?"
Might've been one of those nights Sammy knew what was really going on- what Dean was really up to. Cause he didn't push too much on the details, especially when the waterworks started.
He nods and Cas holds his gaze, certain of this one simple fact. This manages to ground him, "She was human."
Cas dips his head closer, lowering his voice, "What
"Hah, you're tellin' me." Dean jokes back, a hollow feeling in his chest. His eyes flutter over to Sam's, who's looking on mournfully, too.
Dean chooses his words carefully, looking John dead in the eye, "Just, you know... probably oughta let him tell that one."
Dean's frowning down at the coffee machine, willing it to drip its way to a full cup faster than this grueling pace, when soft steps pad their way into the doorway. He knows those steps, easy, and he hopes the angel just keeps on walking- but of course he doesn't. Cause since when does Cas do a single thing Dean wants him to?
"What are...
"Um... no. No smoke."
Cas: (party hat emoji, party hat emoji, confetti horn emoji, clap hands, clap hands, confetti horn emoji)
... "Hunters are dying in there."
The key in his hand suddenly feels incredibly heavy. Like it means something he's not ready to face right here in the parking lot of a dingy motel on the border of western California.
Dean ignores him, "So you're the damsel in distress, Sam's the loveable nerd, and I'm the idiot jock-"
Literally one of my all-time favorite episodes. Hope I've done it some justice and added some good meat to its already hefty bones.
Cas only knows as much about Dean's father's personality as he's been able to string together from meager stories that Sam or Dean have told through the years- likely highly edited stories as to not appear as outwardly flooded with childhood negligence as they nearly always seem to indicate- but all the same, John is a man stuck in his ways. He's a hardened soldier, a man who demands respect, is protective over his sons, and he knows exactly his capabilities. It's from him that Dean gets much of his genealogy where alcoholism and anger is concerned. And Dean says that Sam has the same hard-headedness as their father, too.
"Cleveland, Ohio." He looks between them, shifting on his feet, clearly rearing to get a move on.
"What about Dean and Cas?" Jack asks innocently, as if he doesn't already know.
" Dean narrowly avoids jerking the car with him when he darts his gaze to John, "You didn't think that was relevant to tell me? Either of us?"
"Your mother's doing God's work."
carry a flashlight, but he holds up his blade instead. "Yep."
"He couldn't give us much, except confirm it's our kind of thing," Sam flaps the file closed and turns to Dean, smacking it lightly against his chest, "Hey, so what's the word on Cas? He have anything?"
John makes to interrupt but Sam keeps talking over him, voice heating up as he goes, "No- and all this shit about 'water under the bridge'? Maybe it would make a difference if you could actually admit when you fucked up, but you can't."
“Goodnight, Cas.”
But, maybe, that's just the most hopeful of any option. Whatever it is won't be good, he knows that. Because his happiness- and how he views his own heaven- involves the people he loves. He doesn't care where he is or what kind of afterlife it is- if he can even glimpse their faces in eternity, then that would be enough.
Sam's thing is, he pretends to be judgmental but really beneath all that he's housing a whole burden of worry carried on those two lumbering shoulders.
Things like this hit him most when he least expects it. They've lived in the bunker for years now, and it's been their home all that time but it's those little things that really make it home. Sam finding a spot to hide his own kitchenware for special occasions... it's just so domestic and
Cas: Have you met him?
Sometimes Dean thinks he's the best of them because of that.
Cas squints at the house, watching for Dean when John asks, "All angels weird as you?"
Please subscribe so you get updated once it's all completed. :) I'll also post about it on my tumblr if you wanna give a follow to waffles-for-brunch & tiktok @summerania
Sam keeps flicking his eyes over across the seat, then to Cas in the back, clearly gearing up to say something but not managing to find the words just yet. He shifts in his seat a good few minutes, fidgeting with his own hair, then finally breaks the silence by stretching a long arm out to the radio in front of them, "Alright, who wants music?"
But no, that can’t be it. It’s a moment of respite, because John’s not looking at them-instead focusing his entire attention on Crowley. Maybe it’s Dean letting the mask slip momentarily, even if by accident, because things really aren’t as fine with his father as he’d like to lead everyone to believe.
"Yeah, if you like greasy diner food, crappy motel rooms, more than one apocalypse..."
Dean: Oh fantastic
"We started hunting monsters after mom was killed by the yellow-eyed demon, you remember that?"
The corner of Cas' mouth quirks up, and he tilts his head, shamelessly gluing his eyes to Dean's skin, roaming across his flesh like Dean's something to be adored. It's... that's the thing that’s too much sometimes- when he does that.
Slowly, Dean breaks into a childish grin, "Awesome. That's awesome."
nights...
Still staring down into the swirling liquid, freshly brewed and mixed with a few drops of honey- just how he likes it, Cas swallows and nods. But his smile starts to fade to something far more somber pretty quickly.
now, too?"
Tommy stutters to a stop just before the door, turns on his heel, eyes wide. He swallows, mouth agape.
"She did." Dean steps up to Cas' side, "Said you were pretty obsessed."
with me and Cas, I told you we're fine-"
"Exactly."
Cops'll show up to clean up the rest, and tend to the family. No one's ever gonna know what happened to Magda but the three in this car.
Hell, in some way, purgatory was as close as Dean's ever gonna get to something like this. Sure, a lot higher stakes, a lot more killing and a lot less downtime- but the essence is the same. A sense of freedom in a place where no one can see you at your barest instincts. Stripped raw. Pure and unfiltered.
No response.
"Magda... you're not the devil. You're just psychic. There are others out there like you, like... like me. I have powers, too. I'd get these visions sometimes and- and I could move things with my mind."
Dean needs to find Cas.
And now he’s left to wonder… what if he never finds them? What if all that’s left are their voices in his head slipping by more and more each day…
Cas focuses intently at the road in front of him, praying that the exit comes up soon.
"Shut up- that's different and you know it." He frowns, straightening with a shrug, nodding without looking Cas in the eye, "Just- show him."
Of all bloody people."
There are a few calls he could seek to make. The first is what gives him pause to starting the whole process at all.
"I used to envy you Castiel. You believe that?" He lands another solid punch on Cas upper cheek.
"She hated us because of our faith." She says simply, certainly, "Olivia Sanchez was a Papist, but... at least she believed in God."
Rachel gestures to the racks of clothes and says "You have run of the store as always. I'll be in the back doing inventory, so just shout when you're done."
* * * * * * * * *
Cas gives him a sympathetic smile while Balthazar snarks “Your enthusiasm is
? The smart, successful TV-star with impeccable manners and a gentle smile, adores his idiotic, grease-monkey self? Sure. And pigs sprout wings every full moon.
“Bye, Harvelle” he says, and then hangs up without waiting for her goodbye. He knows he’ll hear about it later, but at the moment he’s got bigger problems.
Ah, some angsty back-story. But what else would you expect, it’s Dean Winchester.
“Shut-up, Sammy!” Dean snaps, shooting him a dark glare and would’ve said more if Cas hadn’t stepped in.
He'd been fond of Anna of course, but the only real reasoning behind their relationship was that his family approved of her. She's the only one they would ever approve of, but that's a moot point now though, since they refuse to even speak with him.
They pile out of the apartment with Gabriel shouting about searching for Dean's porn collection and not so subtly suggesting that he expects to find something homosexual in it.
“If you find it enjoyable, then I would like to try it.” Cas says, gesturing for Dean to demonstrate what he’s supposed to do.
“Oh - uh - okay...” Sam says, shooting a confused glance between the two of them.
"Rabbit food." Dean grumbles in disgust, glad to have something to vent some of his frustration on.
There's a long moment of silence as Dean takes in the change. Gone are the grungy off-white walls with faded posters. Gone are the haphazard piles of books, movies, cds and records that once littered the tables and corners of the room. Gone is the ragged couch, with ripped arms and the oddly colored love-seat with mismatched pillows.
He glances at Cas, who is watching her work with rapt attention, as if he can absorb her skill if he gazes intensly enough.
He lets out a wry, self-deprecating laugh and affirms “Yeah. I’m screwed.”
“We’re setting up in here” Dean says, leading her into the living room, while Sam and Cas follow.
“I know!” she calls after him, with a grin in her tone.
Castiel watches Dean tense and prepares to step in, but Dean continues walking so Castiel simply glares reprovingly at Gabriel before closing the door. He can hear muffled snickers from behind the wood.
If there is one thing he can say for Dean it's that he always manages to surprise him. An invitation to the party is unprecedented, even as a gesture of apology, which is what he suspects. Dean, undoubtedly wants to emphasis that fact that there is no ill will between them.
Castiel shakes his head at them, but understands their attraction. It's a lovely voice, even strained in a tone of annoyance.
“Shut.Up.” Sam growls.
Dean takes a sip of Coke to avoid answering before snarking "I'm an Aquarius, I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach and frisky women – oh and my mom used to sing Hey Jude to me as a kid. Happy?"
“I didn’t want to disturb your dress-up time.” he retorts and kicks himself, knowing his sounds snarky and defensive.
It's freaky, how Cas puts things together. He didn't just help raise Sammy - he practically did it all himself. But he doesn't say that. He doesn't talk about the times when John was too drunk to work. He doesn't talk about the nights he failed to feed Sam more than some chips because that's all he could afford with the change he scrounged up.
Dean’s phone is what wakes him. He’s in the middle of a dream, more of a nightmare really, and he’s fighting for his life against some weird-ass spirit that’s trying to beat his head in with a porcelain doll. Those thing have always given him the creeps.
“Yes, because he’ll sing that stupid song for days.” Sam grumbles throwing Dean a dark glare as he begins
"Fetch?!" Dean scoffs in irritation "I'm not a damn toy..."
Cas follows close and offers to assists him several times, but Dean refuses. After all it'd be pretty pathetic if he couldn't carry a pile of shirts and pants on his own. Finally after what seems like hours, though he doubts that thirty minutes have in fact passed, Lucifer guides them to the changing rooms.
The others have fairly straightforward jobs. Gabriel does the interior design and handles the organization and redecoration of the home. Painting, new furniter, chic art, that sort of thing
“Do you have any idea how hard it is to pick out horror movies to watch with you guys?” Charlie complains when they get there.
" Balthazar affirms in a whisper of mock horror. "But take courage! I have faith in you."
is he supposed to do that?
“He’s been living with his brother for several years and now that he’s moving out he wants Dean to turn a new leaf and he thinks this is a good way to start the process.” Balthazar reads and Samandriel and Gabriel gives little claps at that.
“Woah there, Sunshine. What makes you say that?” Charlie protests, turning to face him completely.
"What's not allowed?" Balthazar suddenly interrupts, sauntering into the kitchen. "Oh, Dean, Luci is ready for you in the bedroom. You boys have fun."
What the hell do people call you then? I mean Castiel is nice and all, but you've gotta have nicknames."
Lucifer nods and thanks her briefly, before moving off into the store among the racks and calling for Dean to follow.
“Lemme get you a towel.” Dean offers through his laughs when Cas finally gives up and stands, water splashed down his front and his hair sodden. He looks a bit like a bedraggled kitten and he’s pretty sure Cas is actually pouting a bit. Definitely human.
"Crowley and Rowena?" He suggests instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wants him to say it, even though he knows now. Even though he can see it in Dean's eyes. Their breath mingles together somewhere in the middle, faces just barely apart. If he merely tipped his head forward, his mouth would be on Cas', but he doesn't do that yet because right now Cas needs the words more than the action. His hand is frozen on the angel's elbow, and Cas is laying still, waiting for Dean to make any move and content to simply wait. Cas is always just waiting for Dean, huh?
to go out bloody and alone, ripped to shreds by some beast that doesn't even have a name.
Clearly, far more focused on brain than brawn. Image rather than practicality.
Dean tries to imagine it, what could turn this version of Cas into the other one. Surely nothing good. He can't even imagine himself that other way, but that's a whole lot easier to believe. He feels it inside- in the cold part of himself that shoves everything down with such resolve that there's nothing left to care about except finishing the fight and hoping it kills him. That’s what The Mark had felt like.
"Whoa," Dean chuckles, squinting at the photo, "Never seen a dead guy before."
”Alright,” Dean claps his hands once loudly before crossing his arms and settling in, looking down at the laptop between them, “Start her up- wait, what is it? Clint Eastwood?”
"She sought refuge with a family of witches." She continues, "All she wanted was a roof over her head and a safe place to hone her magic. Yet, they threw her out like... Like common trash. Said she wasn't up to snuff."
Dean trudges forward through the thick of the trees, brushing aside more low-hanging branches in the path.
"Whoa..." Dean mutters.
"I don't get it. Lucifer could be taking over Heaven and Hell right now." Sam shrugs, shaking his head, "And instead, he's trying to act out some rock god fantasy?"
Dean goes for the blade, pulling it out and in the same motion jolting around Ishim's left- but Dean goes flying with the flick of a wrist before he's even able to get in a jab. He collides with the far wall, elbow nearly cracking on the cement on the tumble down to the ground.
Dean can't get in the middle of that fight- Ishim's too strong. He'll either send Dean reeling back against another wall- knocking him out, or he'll manage to get his hands on the angel blade. And Dean can't risk that. Cas is already too weak.
"I wanted intel, Rowena, not a house call." Sam says.
"Sam- I appreciate the thought, but, truly- it's not necessary. We're not like you. That body in there..." he shrugs, "It's just an empty vessel. I appreciate the novelty of what you're trying to do, but... Benjamin's gone, so he's gone. Holding a funeral holds little meaning to me."
Cas huffs out one of those small soundless chuckles anyway, then sighs, resigned, looking up to the starless black, "Life has been truly awful to you, and still you've managed all this time to be the best man I'll ever know."
Sam refusing to let Dean fold over and die, hollering, "
It's barely 10pm when they all roll up to Jody's and some of the tension from earlier has dissolved on the drive. Alex trails behind Jack and Patience as she enters the house, pausing to shout back at Claire and Kaia as they're hopping out of their car. Something about playing some game in the basement. The girls shout their affirmations back and rush in, all smiles and laughter. Jody already has a pizza joint on the phone when Dean crosses the threshold, the last inside. Donna and Eileen chat in the kitchen, Cas grabs a couple of beers from the fridge, and Sam is settled on the couch, head back and eyes closed. Dean collapses next to his brother with a grunt.
Sam takes in a few more breaths, nodding into his shoulder.
It's the first time they've even spoken since whatever it was that happened a few mornings ago. But even with that in mind as to a possible consideration why Dean might be acting this way,
Cas: I'm finally appreciating the allure of personal space
"What kind of things?"
Beside Cas, Crowley sits either blissfully ignorant or otherwise unperturbed by the effect of his incessant chatting. Dean takes back every bad thing he's ever said about Cas- the man has the patience of a saint.
"Oh, the
In the blink of an eye, several things happen at once.
"I shouldn't have said anything." Cas mumbles and tucks the cassette back in his coat, working to rearrange his features to complete stoniness. As though he hasn't just admitted that this thing he and Dean have been dancing around for
Wait, no. Not
"Coffee!" Dean shouts, one hand cupped around his mouth while the other brings his phone to his ear.
Cas/Crowley: I hear a nice interspecies mating ritual is all the rage here on the West Coast
killing you. I was only
He knows that Dean is watching him, eyes grazing down the side of his face. It's as much of a caress as he'll ever get, so he doesn't interrupt.
He says it almost like he's shocked by the words, but really he freezes up again because he's
doing here?" Dean shoots back.
Dean hears a wet, slopping, gooey movement coming from the wall. He stands immediately, nearly stumbling over his own feet, and just stares at the black sludge stir and spit out two figures. It disappears just as quick as it came, leaving no trace.
All those times Dean came home from a hunt busted up, or from the bar with new bruises, or even just at the end of a regular day having freshly purpled skin... how many of those times had been because of John? What else would he hit him for? The guy from school was just one instance... but the rest?
"I believe it's simply because- like you said- he doesn't feel he deserves it," He pauses, still not looking up, "I know I don't always seem like I understand things like this. On occasion my confusion
Sam shrugs, "He's actually more of a money manager."
decidedly awful. Cas must really be terribly worse at hiding emotions than he'd thought.
justify it.
“Girlfriend?” He asks, pulling Dean’s attention with a crooked smile, quirking a brow jokingly.
boys keep something like
Alright.
changed? What if
John doesn't answer- frowning. Why would he answer, the man thinks his whereabouts don't matter to his own kids. Nah, that's his own business. Always has been.
Kid puts on a brave face, but Hell is Hell, and the devil's the devil. As much as he pretends to be mostly okay and mostly over all the shit that went down downstairs, Dean knows it still eats at him. Lucifer still makes him freeze up in a way that nothing else does.
Rowena rapidly pushes herself off the end of the bed the moment Sam slides the bathroom door closed, peering up at him, "How is he?"
"Alright, grampa quit braggin'." Dean stands, bringing his plate to the sink.
"Hey," He raises his brows, spreading his arms wide, "We're just a couple of guys. The bosses get bigger, we can't just go hopping in with pea-shooters and pig-stickers. You need the big guns? You gotta make some calls that ain’t easy. I don't like it either but it's how it's gotta be."
Alex shoves Dean off next, wiping at her face, "You wreak."
"Why?" Cas' voice is barely there, but he asks it almost desperately.
he firmly plants one solid foot on the ground, about to heft himself up- “
They get themselves away from the war and they build themselves a family and surround themselves with the things they've always been fighting to find. Cause Dean's never meant to be the guy that makes it to the end of the flick. He’s the grave they visit sometimes to remind themselves to be thankful for all they’ve got.
"And so much more."
my manners? Arthur Ketch. British Men of Letters."
Alright, first things first- check in with Sam. That's always how these things go, right? Wake up somewhere with no memory, at a fault completely his own, smelling like
need to hear what dad's got to say. And Cas? Pretty certain he hasn't even spoken to him since kicking him out of his bedroom a couple days ago.
Jody looks expectantly at Dean.
"Her name was May," Lily says, voice cracking on the little girl's name, "And she was beautiful. I had a life, a wonderful life, until..."
It's... it's nice. It really is. Still doesn't mean he's ready to deal with it.
He glares back, "I don't sweat under
Cas gets up wordlessly, but squeezes Dean’s shoulder in passing. Deans phone buzzes in his pocket. He welcomes the distraction, tugging it out.
"No, of course we're not just ‘speeding’ past that. And I told him as much, too."
Dean: You're right, it makes sense
"You're bleeding, Dean."
Love swallows Cas in these moments, his face softening with Dean's in matching fondness.
"Wait, so you're telling me what happened in Indianapolis was- you took on the bleedin' Devil himself?"
“You want some, sweetie?” Jody asks, peeking back at Cas while heading back to the stove.
"Hey!" Dean beams at the cartoon crossing the screen. Hell yeah, he loves that dog.
These are the things that make no sense about human interaction. Just when he thinks he has a handle on something, he's completely wrong...
you can feel it. Get the monster, clear the area,
Cas rolls his eyes, “No, I don’t have a harp.”
He grins, eyeing Cas- who says nothing, does nothing. Maybe he should just pull over and kick him out of the car.
And Dean thinks, maybe Cas deserves to know, so he can know he means something too. Maybe words won’t do it justice, because Dean’s shit with words and they always end up coming out wrong- but they both know music. They both feel it and they both know what it means- so maybe Cas’ll know what it means.
through the movement.
"We, ah, we oughta talk about dad."
"Kind of always been his M.O." The cup twirls between two fingers, "Way Cas tells it, he's been filtering in and out for weeks."
"What?"
"I don't know." Cas admits, "To my knowledge you've barely addressed Dean's birthday for much of his life."
Cas: Absolutely (smiley emoji with tongue out)
As she drones on, Bucky is slowly clamoring to his feet from behind her, struggling against the invisible force yet somehow able to strong arm it just enough to come to a stand. Dean, still splayed on his front, claws his hands against the carpet-
He lets himself get tugged along, and even when his grip loosens and he tries to tug away cause he doesn't really want to keep walking and doesn't understand why they even are- this man only holds on tighter, voice going so very gentle for such a deep rumble of a breath, "Dean, you need to stay right next to me, okay?"
Jesus, he was sleep deprived.
"Did you get that?"
"Lucifer. Think about it. Of all the extinct rock acts, Ladyheart are the most Paleolithic. A major label sponsored comeback in 2016 for
"Who's this guy?" Dean asks, still looking at Cas.
He asks again, nearly growling.
Without a second glance, Cas stalks across the lot to his own pickup, and it's just Dean and John, staring one another down.
"Little a’ both. Going three for three- booze, burgers, and beautiful women." He nods her way, handing back the menu, but she's less than impressed.
Dean: Aren't you down that way
He focuses on the cartoon, but can't help but tune into their conversation a little ways in-
Dean. Dean.
The morning unfolds much the same. A slue of tired bodies busily chatting in the kitchen- Dean frying up bacon and eggs, Donna disappearing for a good thirty minutes to wake Jody, Sam being the bad influence for once and mixing up some bloody mary's to pair with breakfast.
"I mean, she's gotta be what, a hundred years old?" Sam asks.
"That's not your call," his breath rumbles out flat. Cold. Slurring.
so much that he doesn't know what the hell to do with it. And that's what's happening with Cas all over again. Each time the guy comes back from the edge, Dean either gets angry or he gets violently protective. There's hardly an in-between. Sometimes he thinks he just can't let himself consider what might be tied up in that in-between.
"Wait,
And he's got Sammy here with him... Damn, that must be it- that's why he's feeling like he's walkin' on clouds. Ah, man, he's so glad to have that kid back.
and squares her shoulders.
"Yeah, and hey Crowley, uh find out from your government mole if there's a girlfriend or a mistress or a favorite hooker. Someone we don't know about." Sam pauses, Crowley's drawl a mumbled sound on the other end of the phone, "Got it." He hangs up, turning to Dean, "Crowley and Rowena will meet us in Indianapolis. Haven't been able to get ahold of dad, though. Do we have a plan?"
Something collides with the rear side of the Impala, sending them veering in a tailspin. Dean clutches the wheel, both feet pounding onto the brake as he tries regaining control of the spin, and they come to a halt just on the edge of the tree-line, jolting forward in their seats and falling back. Dean gulps in a breath, looking beside him.
he thinks to himself, almost cursing Balthazar for talking him into it. His attraction to Dean has only been a hassle thus far, he can only imagine what might happen should a friendship develop.
"Well for starters - it's not food anymore. It's Darwinism." Balthazar snarks, before tossing the container into the nearby trashcan.
“So I opted for funny instead.” her hands emerge gripping Ghostbusters and Nightmare Before Christmas.
While Cas explains the noise Dean exhales in short breaths to calm himself.
Dean cuts him off and adds "Their newest victim." And offers his hand to her with a grin. She answers with a cool smile that tells him she doesn't appreciate the humor. Cas however, seems amused.
No, wait - he'd had pizza on Tuesday. Maybe last Sunday? He's really not sure.
Gabriel raises an eyebrow and says "You're not getting off that easy, Cassie. What happened with you and closet lover boy?"
and Cas will probably listen. But he doesn't, he can't. The rage and agony of the memories are pumping through him and he finds the words tumbling from him in a fury "Our house caught on fire in the middle of the night. The smoke woke me - I could smell it and it burned my mouth and eyes and then everyone started screaming."
“Oh.”
“Huh… Why late in the story and not since the beginning?” Dean wondered out loud.
“We all have kissed so how would sex be?” Meg said then noticed Castiel blushing. “What’s up, unicorn?”
A few minutes later, a short, long sandy haired man exited a car that had arrived. The twins went and hugged the man, then he helped the twins put their cycle in the trunk. The twins then entered the car, happily and willingly, and the man took off.
Gabe had teleported them all to the lobby of a lodge. Being a known Fighter, he had sent Kali and Zar to get a suite. The only suite available was one with 2 rooms and so they got that and settled in. Cas had no other clothes except his dress robes, so Gabe had said they’d go shopping tomorrow, for all three of them. They were all giddy that they were starting freshly. Cas was going to see the world for the first time, tomorrow. While others slept, Cas stayed in the living room, giddy for tomorrow.
So, they started make a list of stupid songs to perform for their English teacher. Jack and Belphie thought of maybe getting Adam, Alfie, Claire, Kaia, and Clark to join but they didn’t know whether Mr. Campbell wanted everyone to know he was nervous. So, the two, and Cas, planned and were going to perform for him.
“Jesus Christ!” Dean startled. “Dude… get your feet of my Baby.”
“Papa!” Jack and Belphie yelled out at the same time.
“What happened, Jack?” There was some rustling on the other side.
They should have known that if it feels too easy, they had done it wrong.
“Jess, no, just hear me out.”
“What’s going on here?” Dean asked.
“Good. Anyway,” Angel came towards the girl and placed two fingers on her head. “Do you want her to forget you?”
“That Sam is Psychic. Or I am a Warrior. I expected a bigger reaction.” Eileen said. “I am sure Hunter would shit his pants.”
“We getting pizza or something?”
At the end of practice Dean turned towards the bleachers and found a bunch of girls shrieking again. No green sweater, no messy bedhead.
Now, Dean was in Charlie’s room, eating pie and singing songs, because he was terrified of the results of the final exam. Charlie must have noticed Dean’s internal freak out. She stopped singing and turned to him. “Do you remember how you were freaking out like this before, and how I told you they all would pass, and that you are a good teacher, and how I was right?” Dean nodded, taking a moment to understand what she had said. “We have proof that I’m right, you are wrong, so shut your freak-out and eat pie. Your kids are gonna do great and you will be appreciated for lifting the curse of Douche-ler (a word she had learnt from the twins) and blessing them with your English mentorship.”
This was awesome.
“Lucifer, you’re my brother. And I love you.” Gabe said, as he waved his free hand, without the bag, at Cas, Meg, Zar, and Kali, motioning them to run away. “But you are a great big bag of dicks.”
“11 years.” Cas informed before Dean could say anything.
“I am not going to punch you Sam.” Dean chuckled.
“Hunter?” Jody’s voice filled the air.
The next 2 days Dean sat near Cas, trying to see what ticks Cas. On Wednesday he spent the whole lunch pressing his leg to Cas’, reveling in the warmth while Cas spent writing in papers and signing with Eileen. He always wrote on loose paper, no notebooks.
“No, I'm not.”
“Why are you not married Cas? Or not dating?” He demanded Cas, Charlie and Gabe now recognizing the shit storm they had brewed.
Cas quickly turned around and shuffled through his bag. “Here you go Dean. I have pie.”
“Sure, I will check the kitchen if we got snacks or something.” Cas said as he moved towards the kitchen, accidentally poking Dee in her sides, making her gasp a giggle. “What was that?”
“Charlie! No. God. Ugh!” Sam let out a bunch of noises as he left the room to join Jess and Mary. Jo and Charlie were laughing, until the bell chimed showing it was 9 pm.
“Love you too! Now let’s make burgers. They make-”
“Crowlie, its been five days since they left. The first day, yeah, I was an idiot. The second day you were an idiot. The third day I summoned, and yesterday, your handwriting was an idiot. Now that you have everything you need; can you finish the spell quickly.”
