“What was that?”
“You mind hanging out here for a sec?” Dean asked. “I gotta talk to Sam.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It was never enough, you know? I always fucked up. Sam didn’t get to school on time, or I forgot milk at the grocery store. I just, I dunno. I know he loves me. But I always wanted him to
Dean smirked. “C’mon Bobby, I wouldn’t do that.” Bobby scoffed in disbelief. “You looked at Cas’s car yet?”
me, too, you know?”
was likely one of them.
“Whatever,” Dean said. “Are y’all hungry? I’m gonna make breakfast.”
Sam was cackling at Dean’s performance. As the song faded out, Sam gave him sarcastic applause. Dean bowed dramatically, the world spinning as he stood up. When it finally stopped, Cas was staring at him, smiling affectionately. Dean winked.
“Dean?” Cas replied, trying to keep panic out of his voice. “What — Why are you calling me from this number?”
“I am… working on something,” Cas said to Sam. “Although, I’m not quite sure it’s a book. I’ve never tried my hand at writing novels.”
“Yup,” Dean said with a nod. “Sam, Bobby, the rest of my family… Hell, they’re always good, always there when I need ‘em. I’ve always loved working on cars, and now that pays the bills. Pie. Obviously.” He held up his hands.
“Get ‘im to the car,” Bobby grumbled. The stranger — who was decidedly
“Because you told me that I would be in Lawrence for upwards of two weeks,” Cas explained. “The rooms are inexpensive.”
“I’m gonna FaceTime Eileen,” Sam announced, getting up to leave the room.
As Dean took the gift, Cas put a hand on his wrist. “I’m going to have to ask you not to open it until I leave,” he said.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice was unyielding. “Please. Just go to sleep.”
He could feel Cas’s eyes on the back of his head, but he ignored them. “If that’s what you want,” Cas said, his voice resigned.
Dean groaned and rolled over in his bunk. He said something, but Cas didn’t hear, too intent upon getting the words in his head onto the page.
“What?” Dean rubbed a hand over his mouth, then raised his eyebrows at Cas. “Better?”
“Dean, not again, you do this every year,” Sam was whining.
Cas smiled to himself. “Indeed.”
Inside sat a vintage black typewriter, an Underwood Champion. The paint was chipped everywhere, the letters on the keys nearly worn-off.
Dean remembered emptying his school backpack and filling it with clothes, his toothbrush, some shampoo. He walked straight to the Impala, his hands shaking, tears clouding his vision.
Cas grabbed his backpack and pulled out the stack of paper, his heart pounding loudly in his ears. He all but shoved it into Dean’s chest, who gave him a confused look as he took hold of the gift.
“No, no,
messed up. You know what —” he shifted upright in his seat “—you gotta talk to Cas.”
best friend, after Halloween, and that was enough. And while he was still avoiding spending long hours in their room, he felt like he was well on his way to making peace with the unrequited.
“It’s not in great shape,” Dean said, shoving his hands deep into his pockets. “But it was the coolest one they had at the antique shop. It’s kind of useless, since you have a laptop and all, but —”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Yeah, okay.”
“I won’t bring it up again, I promise,” Cas said in earnest. “But you have to know, I only… It wasn’t intentional.” A pause. “I only left because you told me to go.”
“I would have thought you were on your way to settling down,” Cas said slowly, like he was choosing his words carefully. “But that doesn’t appear to be the case.”
“You’re not hallucinating,” the man said, but he sounded like he was under water.
Dean was looking at him with a mix of curiosity and melancholy, and Cas was done for. After all this time, every trip to the dining hall, every movie watched on a shared beanbag, every midnight trip to Taco Bell, it was here that Cas put the final nail in the coffin. It was at a shitty gas station in the middle-of-nowhere, Kansas, that Dean discovered his secret.
“Bullshit,” Dean said. “No hospitals.”
“No,” Dean sighed.
Cas eyed him. “Why didn’t he ask me himself?” He wondered. “We spend a lot of time together.”
“I meant paying for Sam’s college.”
“How have you been? Where have you been? You graduated already?”
Dean let both of them back inside and Cas excused himself to take a shower. Sam was watching something on TV and raised his eyebrows at Dean’s re-entrance. Dean just ignored him, settling onto the couch, thinking about fate and happiness and whether or not the two might be connected.
“Whatever you say, old man. Hey, have you looked at Ca- at the guy’s car?”
Dean smirked at him. “So your ass is constantly getting psychoanalyzed?”
“Cas!” Sam said, all happiness. “Dude, it’s so great to see you.” He wrapped the other man into a hug. Cas hugged him back with a small smile, like he couldn’t believe this was happening. Dean stood a ways back, his arms crossed.
“Nothing.”
“University of Texas,” Dean said, and he couldn’t keep the pride from his voice.
Dean shook his head and blinked. “What?”
“Nevermind,” Dean said. He made his way to the table.
“You and Sam seem to be getting along,” Dean said, his voice gruff.
and a mug with “World’s Best Lawyer” from Dean.
Cas looked doubtful. “Right,” he said after a moment.
“Prudent,” he deadpanned.
“Dean, where are you going?” Cas asked, desperate. “The party — there’s class on Monday!”
“Yeah.”
“Mostly,” Cas said sarcastically. Dean snorted.
“Are you pissed at me?”
Sam and Bobby walked into the house, Dean and Cas close behind them.
And I was right.”
After his stitches were out, he thanked Dr. Barnes and made his way back to the Impala. He was almost smiling as he made his way to the shop. No stitches, no concussion, and soon, no Cas living in his apartment. His life was going back to normal.
“You’re not — You’re not pissed?”
it to him, it had been a
“Fucking
Cas stared at him, then shook his head. “Nothing,” he said, his jaw set. “I’m going to bed.
Sam groaned. “Look, that’s not the point —”
“Dean!”
okay to drive.
Bobby narrowed his eyes and gestured for the paper. Dean handed it to him, and he scrutinized its contents intently. With a grunt, he returned the paper to Dean and crossed his arms.
Dean nodded. “You still talk to any of ‘em? Your family.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said into his shoulder. He pulled away. “It’s perfect.”
Dean rubbed his mouth for a moment. “Bobby,” he said, “he’s not even gonna
Dean saw more of Lawrence that weekend than he had in the past three years. He tagged along with Sam to the outlet mall, then dragged his brother to his favorite burger place and the local pie shop downtown. He left the apartment at eight on Sunday to take the Impala to the do-it-yourself car wash. He spent four hours detailing the car, in and out, top to bottom. Once that was finished, he voluntarily went into the shop to finish billing paperwork that Bobby hadn’t gotten to. When the stacks of paper were no more, he even drove all the way across town to one of his old bartending spots to catch up with his former coworkers.
Dean nodded. “She sounds cool. What’s she doing now?”
He sat down at his desk and opened his computer. He tried studying for his accounting final, but the words and equations might have been hieroglyphics for all that he was absorbing them. Cas sighed and pulled up the final project description for his creative writing class instead.
“Woah,” she said. “Are you —”
When Dean didn’t stop him, he continued. “And you don’t owe him anything, not anymore. You’re here, aren’t you? All on your own. He has no power over you. And, I’m only assuming, but I believe that might terrify him. Because not only do you no longer need him, but you may choose not to want him.”
They had reached the Impala. Dean unlocked the car and threw his bag haphazardly in the front seat. He stared resolutely at the ground.
Dean stared at him, and he was struck again at just how fucking beautiful Cas looked like this, loose and alcohol-flushed and
Dean shook his head, but he was smiling. “What is it?”
Cas murmured in understanding. “He’s attending college?”
“Just Benny, Charlie, and Charlie’s girlfriend,” Cas placated.
Dean’s chest tightened at that. “Anyway,” he said, clearing his throat. “What d’ya say?”
“You just told me I should!” Sam retorted.
Dean stared at the TV. “I dunno, that’s on him.”
“Cas?”
“Dean!” Bobby yelled. He grabbed onto Dean’s creeper and yanked him out from underneath the truck.
“Here, Cas,” Sam said, shoving a neatly wrapped box in his face. “I grabbed it at the last second.”
“What, so you’re an over-achiever?”
“You told them about the full ride and everything?”
movies. As usual, Dean spent most of the time reciting lines and pointing out his favorite scenes to Cas. Eventually, Sam became irritated enough that he told Dean to shove it, to which Dean responded that Cas
“It’s the first part of my first draft,” Cas explained as Dean read the cover page. Dean’s eyes were wide when he looked back at Cas. “It’s a selfish gift, really,” Cas said. “I want to know what you think.”
“Asshole,” Dean grumbled, but he kissed Cas on the jaw as he climbed down from the bed. He put on a pot of coffee as Cas followed him off the bed, wrapping his arms around Dean from the back.
“Me too,” Cas said, full of surprise.
Dean broke into the biggest grin Cas had ever seen. “Dude, it’s going to be awesome. I can’t wait for everyone to meet you.” Dean stood up with and pulled Cas in for a hug, clapping him on the back twice. Cas winced, letting out a feeble chuckle as he returned the hug reluctantly. He was trying not to notice the warmth of Dean pressed against him, or the absence of it when they parted.
Cas leaned down and kissed Dean deeply. He pulled away to mutter, “Happy birthday, Dean,” against his lips. Dean closed the small distance as soon as Cas had said the words, and this time it was decidedly heavier, hot breaths mixing and hands pulling each other closer.
He could have brewed a pot of coffee, but he needed some fresh air. The argument with Sam was still echoing in his mind. Dean pulled his hood up against the bitter Kansas wind and made in the direction of the closest 7-Eleven.
Cas was treading on thin ice, he knew that. But he kept up anyway. “I don’t want to overstep,” he said slowly, “But, Dean, your father… It doesn’t seem like he’s taken the time to get to know you. The real you, not the version he wants you to be, or the version he projects onto you.”
“The truth,” Cas said, a little taken aback.
Sam gave him a curious look. “Uh… Fine, actually. This thing isn’t as uncomfortable as I thought.”
“Remember Thanksgiving?” Dean said as he watched Cas sip the eggnog. “At WSU?”
Cas broke into a grin. “She lives in North Carolina, now. She’s a therapist.”
Dr. Barnes smiled. “Yes.”
That was vague. Dean raised an eyebrow. “’Bout what?”
Cas furrowed his brow. “What exactly was your mistake on Thanksgiving?”
If Dean was honest, he couldn’t even justify the situation to himself. He’d spent months broken over Cas, then years pissed at him. Maybe he was some kind of masochist.
Cas creeped into the apartment, assuming the other two were still asleep, but right after closing the door, he saw Dean leaning against the counter, nursing a cup of coffee.
Cas smiled incredulously. “If this is a joke, it’s a terrible one.”
“Nothing,” Cas said, tilting his head. “Déjà vu.”
The three of them ate in relative silence, broken occasionally by Sam’s attempts at small-talk. Dean got up and poured the rest of the coffee into a mug, silently setting it down before Cas. When he was met with raised eyebrows, Dean only shrugged.
Cas eyed him for a moment, as if attempting to discover the meaning behind his sudden kindness. Dean told himself he was doing what he would do for anyone. The gesture was devoid of feeling. He was going through the motions of being a good person.
It occurred to Dean that the last time Sam and Cas had talked, it was under very different circumstances. He’d almost forgotten Cas’s Christmas in Lawrence. Dean berated himself silently once more. Hadn’t he just gotten into an argument with Sam about the man sitting in his passenger seat? What was he supposed to tell him? Hey, remember when I told you to never speak of my old roommate again? He’s staying with us.
“Good morning,” Cas replied evenly. “I went for a run.”
Castiel — obliged, and Dean felt himself being led to his car.
“My stupid fucking cat woke me up,” Meg complained, and Cas could hear the animal meowing in the background. He smiled a little. “And I figured,
Cas remained silent, allowing Dean the space to form whatever his next thought might be.
Cas shrugged. “The life I always pictured you might be living was very different than the one you live.”
With everyone. I dunno, if you’re gonna be here anyway…” He cleared his throat. “I mean, Christmas alone is kinda shitty. Especially in this shithole,” he added as he gestured at his apartment. “You can come if you want,” he said finally. “Everyone would probably be happy to see you.”
“It looked good on you,” Dean said with a lopsided grin. “I’m pretty sure you gave me a rendition of ‘Earth Angel’ with it on.”
“Good morning,” Cas said, awestruck. Dean needed a shave, and his hair was flat on one side from sleep, but Cas still felt his breathing hitch as he stared at Dean, unfettered for the first time.
Meg plopped down at the picnic table. Cas held his phone like a vice, tapping it impatiently on the wood.
“What were you doin’ down there, anyway?” Dean asked.
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean said as Sam sat up. “Coffee?”
Cas tried to drive at a normal speed, but it was difficult. Dean had left abruptly, and while Cas hadn’t thought to question it, it now seemed glaringly out-of-character. Dean had never partied in the middle of the week, and he certainly had never gone drinking by himself. Every red light kicked his anxiety up a notch.
Cas was quiet for a moment before muttering a tentative, “Sure.”
“What makes you say that?”
“A week?” Dean paused, his eyes narrowed. “Who all’s gonna be there?” Dean grumbled, already trying to assess the threat of too much attention on him at once.
Dean almost dropped the buns in his hand. “I should
Dean held her gaze reluctantly. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “I know.”
A little nervous without the excuse of the heat of the moment, Cas put a hand on Dean’s neck and kissed him, again, short and tender. “You’re not an idiot,” Cas said.
“Cas,” Dean said, his voice a poor attempt at measured, “What are you talking about?”
The world had shifted when they finally parted. Dean was looking at him with wonder and confusion. Cas knew he was putting on a similar display. It was dark. Dean’s face was only half-illuminated in the parking lot, but everything about him was brilliant. It was almost too much, like maybe if Cas looked away he’d find himself blind. Cas felt the near-overwhelming urge to kiss him again, to rediscover every plane of Dean’s face he’d already committed to memory.
Dean blinked at him. “I’m gonna make a pot of coffee,” he said.
Cas dropped the phone on the table and pushed it away in disgust. “He’s not missing,” Cas said.
Dean finished his drink and poured another. Downed it in one sip.
As he turned the water to a scalding temperature, Cas felt something like exhaustion buried deep within his bones, and it had nothing to do with his run. He was relieved, he had to admit, that his car would be fixed soon. He wasn’t sure how much more of the cautious glances and unsaid words he could take. As he showered, those unsaid words echoed in his mind, over and over again. And he thought of what he’d said, and Dean echoed, about the strangeness of their situation, the unlikely odds. By the time he’d donned a sweater and a pair of jeans, he’d made up his mind.
Dean felt hands around him, lifting him into a standing position. That effort made him seriously consider throwing up. He tried to blink the stars away.
Sam choked on his coffee. After a fit of coughing, he looked at Dean with wide eyes. “What? When — did you — What?”
. Dean teased that maybe Cas, with his angelic namesake, was secretly an angel. His own, personal Clarence. Then he fashioned a halo out of toilet paper and they laughed until their ribs hurt.
Losing his dad, that was one thing. Losing Cas, after everything…
bent, he was going to have a fit.
“Of course,” Cas replied, and he looked at Dean, who was busy pouring two more cups of coffee.
“You’re not him,” Dean thought he said.
“Dean,” he said, trying to keep his voice neutral, “What the hell?”
“It’s one of my final projects,” Cas replied. He drank from his own mug.
Dean picked up the basics from Wal-Mart — eggs, milk, some salad kits for Sam, a couple bags of coffee, some orange juice. He felt like a douchebag, wearing the sunglasses inside, but the fluorescents were unbearable. He grabbed two six-packs of beer to bring to Bobby’s, then surreptitiously added a pack of hard seltzers for his apartment, because, hey, he liked to switch it up.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Night, Sammy,”
“Look,” Dean interrupted. “I’m just trying to do the right thing.” He laughed, and it came out a little hysterical. “I keep sayin’ that, and everyone keeps asking more questions.”
“Good,” Dean said. He was bouncing his leg, trying to figure out what to say. “Um.” Great start.
go back. If my boss needed me,” Dean said.
“Seventeenth and Gentry?” He repeated, and he heard Dean murmur something in affirmation. Cas made a turn for his car and said, “I’ll be there in ten minutes.” He hung up.
made me,” Cas pointed out.
So if Cas was making extra efforts to put space between himself and his roommate, it was not unwarranted.
Cas put the phone back in his pocket and made to retrieve his computer from his backpack when he heard the doorknob try to turn. He rolled his eyes and made his way to the door as it rattled.
“No. I don’t know, man, he’s on his way to Kansas City for some big boy job.”
“The very same,” Cas said weakly.
“Dean! Customer!”
He was talking with the level of verve only achievable through alcohol. Dean gripped the steering wheel a little harder. Drunk people always asked too many questions.
“All right, all right,” Dean said. “Yes, it’s him. Why are we talking about this, anyway?”
“Cas,” he yelled back at her. She emerged moments later, her eyes wide.
“He does?” Cas asked suspiciously.
gotten it, he just needed a couple more minutes underneath the truck.
Cas laughed, but it was mirthless. “It is not of import.”
, he thought to himself. He wasn’t even one-hundred-percent sure that Cas still liked that book. He supposed, if he chickened out, he could just give it to Sam, instead.
“What about you?” He asked after a beat. “Are you returning home for Christmas?”
like —”
For the first few days, Meg had tried to calm him down. She couldn’t understand what he was so worried about, but she hadn’t seen the way Dean had left, all manic energy. But after he’d been gone four days with absolutely zero contact, she’d begun to understand. They took turns going to Dean’s classes when they could, taking notes for him at Cas’s insistence. He could tell Meg was getting tired of it, but it was the only thing that made him feel productive, and so they kept it up.
Dean snorted. “Yeah, well,” he said, but didn’t complete the thought. He hadn’t bothered to throw on a jacket, and he shivered as the wind blew straight through his thin flannel. Cas was standing close, their elbows almost touching, and Dean could have been eighteen again. He could feel it, somewhere deep in his stomach, that same bundle of nerves and excitement that had always come when Cas was just a little too close. He almost shut his eyes against the strength of it, but he willed it away, looking at Cas instead.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Sure,” he said. “Guy runs a marathon and doesn’t need any food afterward.”
“I’m sorry, Meg, it’s been… I’ve been… Much has happened,” he said, struggling to find the words.
The painful memory was interrupted when Bobby said his name.
Dean turned around at the sound of a woman’s voice. He grinned wide when he saw the owner was Sheriff Jody Mills.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “What?” He said.
“Mother
Cas’s bare back was cold against the linoleum floor, but Dean was warm against his chest. He stared at the ceiling in the dark, his mind scrambled from pleasure and the shock of being wanted.
“Uh…” He started, looking from Dean to Cas, then back to Dean. “Merry Christmas, boys,” he said.
“Since you’re not goin’ home,” Dean said. “You know, it sucks to spend Christmas alone. ‘Specially in this dump,” he added, gesturing generally to the small room.
She raised an eyebrow at him. “Stitches say otherwise.”
“You remember Thanksgiving?” Cas blurted.
“Is Ellen still comin’ down for Christmas?” Dean asked, hoping to steer the conversation away from Castiel.
If he hadn’t already, Dean had hit rock bottom when Cas left. Long nights bled into longer days. When he eventually realized that, without Cas, no one noticed when he skipped class, or didn’t come home, or didn’t eat, he just stopped. He didn’t open a textbook for the rest of the semester, he crashed on any and every stranger’s couch, he lived off of beer and liquor and the occasional dining hall burger.
“Good,” Dean said, and he was suddenly very tired. “G’night.”
“Sorry, mom,” she muttered, but she wasn’t.
Meg had quit WSU with Cas that second semester, but opted for cosmetology school instead. She lived in Dallas, now, making a killing as a hairstylist and occasionally doing special effects makeup on the side. Cas had been to visit her, once or twice, in her high-rise studio, where they would talk about almost everything except Kansas.
Dean flipped through the pages for what could have been the millionth time. He wasn’t reading the lines of text, only catching a few words here and there.
“You know we have a dishwasher, right?” Dean grumbled as he moved to work on drying what Cas had already washed.
, I’m such an idiot,” Dean was saying, and those words shocked Cas back to his plane of existence.
“I guess…” Dean rubbed his free hand over his forehead. “I guess Sam let it slip that I was bringing you to Bobby’s for Christmas.”
“Huh,” Ellen said. “So what’s the story?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas wasn’t sure if he really whispered Dean’s name, or if he imagined it. All he knew was, one moment Dean was staring at Cas, lips parted. The next, there was a hand on the back of Cas’s neck and stubble against his cheek and a pair of lips rough against his. Dean was kissing him, and Cas had imagined it so many times he could do nothing but freeze and hope he never woke up from this dream.
“You… You can’t just ask me to come pick you up from a bar and not offer an explanation,” Cas said.
“I’m fine, thank you,” Cas said.
“Yeah,” Dean said gruffly, setting the papers on his nightstand.
Dean glowered at the TV. “Nope,” he said. Did he always have to make everything difficult? It had been three years, and Dean truly wanted nothing more than to forget about all of it. He didn’t want closure, he didn’t
“Right,” he grumbled. “Well, I gotta go to the store, get some actual food in the house.” Dean pretty much lived off of ham sandwiches and the occasional fast food burger. “I’ll see you later.”
Dean didn’t bother putting on music for the fifteen-minute drive. The Impala was silent as Dean drove, watching the yellow streetlights pass.
Cas paced around the room, picking up what little stray trash they had left lying out. He was about to take out his phone again to check the time when it started vibrating on his desk. He picked it up eagerly, but frowned at the unknown number. Cas considered letting it ring out, but he hit the “accept” button at the last second. He didn’t say anything as he held the phone up to his ear, expecting a wrong number.
Cas leaned in and whispered, “You didn’t inform him I would be attending?”
Cas gave him a sideways grin. “I mean, will you become willfully taciturn if I ask you questions about yourself?”
“Come on, you’re checking out,” he said gruffly, standing up.
And, yeah, he looked horribly hungover, in addition to everything else. Dean rolled his eyes. “Sure. I mean, why were you getting sloshed at, like, the worst college bar in town?”
“Avoid you?”
“How are you, Meg?” Cas said, smiling fully now.
“Man,” he said, the room spinning, “I missed you, Cas.” He was still sitting on the floor, looking up at Cas on the couch.
The three weeks that followed were easily the best of Cas’s life. The rituals remained unchanged; Tuesday was movie night, dinner was at seven-p.m. in the dining hall, late nights doing homework demanded a fast food run. But little things shifted; Dean made it to his birthday without going to a single party, and his bed remained perpetually made. Cas amassed a greater collection of t-shirts that weren’t his, and he only ran when he knew Dean was in class.
“Are you?” Dean asked, almost defiantly, as if the question had been a test that now he was forcing Cas to take.
“About how crazy it is that you showed up right here, in Lawrence, with valves shot to shit, right before Christmas.”
Cas gave a polite nod but didn’t say anything more. Dean took both their plates to the kitchen and put them in the dishwasher. Dean got to work cleaning up the burger mess.
“Thanks for the reminder.”
Cas took a sip of his water. “If you’re referring to the pages that are sitting in your bedroom at the moment —” Dean winced “— then no.”
“My car broke down,” he said.
“Yeah. I mean, if you didn’t — if you weren’t mad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas let out a mirthless laugh. “Oh, well, that’s perfectly adequate,” he scoffed.
special thanks to tumblr user alwayss-reading for proofing this chapter for me :) ily forever <3
“What do you mean?”
All the lights were on, which furthered the unease in his stomach. He definitely hadn’t left them on -- he hadn’t even turned them on when he woke up. He looked around for a weapon, but there was nothing for him to grab. As he closed and locked the door behind him, he slung his backpack off his shoulders and held it in front of him, as if that would do anything against an assailant. The thought was almost funny.
As he made his way to the cashier, Jody let out an exasperated sigh. “Good to see you too!” She called after him.
“Let me have a damn conversation!” Bobby yelled back.
Dean let out a huff, overflowing with something like realization. “I never thought about that before. It’s not like he’s ever tried to talk to me.” Dean threw his cigarette on the asphalt and stomped it out. A breathy chuckle escaped his lips, and he wrapped his hands around his midsection. “You know, I used to try so hard to be like him.” Dean tilted his head toward the sky. “I listened to his music, I dressed like him. Hell, I even started talkin’ like him.
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “Dammit, Cas,” he said. “What do you want me to say?”
“What’re you writing over there?” Dean asked after taking a sip from his mug.
“A date,” Cas said, finally catching up. “You were going to ask me on a date.”
“Johanna!”
“What?” He sputtered.
“How long now?” She asked as she took a bite of her sandwich.
Call Dean, get his voicemail.
Cas smiled a little and tore open the wrapping paper, barking a laugh as he saw what was beneath. Sam was smiling this huge, goofy smile, and suddenly, Dean felt like he was on the outside of a joke.
“This is his favorite Christmas song,” Sam grumbled as he sat down next to Cas.
And yet… Dean had to know. Despite everything, all of his anger and grudge-holding, he wouldn’t be able to think about anything else until he knew. With a pang, Dean remembered waking up in the hospital, Cas sitting next to him. He quite literally hasn’t left your side. The least Dean could do now was check up on him.
“Yeah, I can tell,” Bobby deadpanned. “No, you stay at home and get some rest. I can hold the fort for a week.”
” Cas called. Dean was fleeing down the stairs like his life depended on it. Cas only barely caught up to him as they reached the ground floor and exited to the parking lot.
Dean looked at him, finally, and he was all shadow and exhaustion. “No, he’s not gonna be there. You’re coming,” he said resolutely, and Cas tried not to let the disappointment show. “Plus, that wasn’t all of it. He’s pissed that I didn’t come home for Thanksgiving. Said something about how I was dishonoring my mom’s memory or something.”
“Dean?” A gruff voice called, and he turned to find Cas standing across from him, a tan trench coat thrown haphazardly over his black t-shirt and jeans. He cocked an eyebrow at Dean. “What are you doing?”
Dean let out a sigh of relief. Cas retrieved his bags and checked out at the front desk as Dean waited impatiently at the Impala. The sun had just begun to rise when the two pulled out of the parking lot.
“Can we just forget about it?” Dean said.
“Laundry day,” he said, and Cas nodded. Dean looked like he wanted to say something else, so Cas just stayed at the bedside, picking up his mug intermittently.
“Do you eat the most unhealthy foods in existence on purpose?” Cas asked.
,” he said.
Dean sighed. He didn’t want to do this therapy session today, on Christmas. “Look, we… We had a big argument,” he said, taking the flour and sugar out of Ellen’s hands. “It got bad, right after Dad died. And we hadn’t talked for three years, and then he shows up here, and…” Dean trailed off as he spooned flour into a measuring cup. “It threw me off, sure, but I’m not a total asshole. Or, I’m tryin’ not to be.”
“Dean?”
“You can’t be serious, Cas,” she said. “This is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
Cas rolled his eyes and started his way back to the house. Dean shut the trunk and followed.
He knew he was being a dick, but, well, Cas had been a dick first. And it was late, anyway. Cas was probably already asleep. He didn’t expect a response tonight. Actually, he didn’t expect any response, at any time. He threw his phone on the pillow and got up to turn out the lights.
Dean slammed on the brakes. The Impala screeched to a halt as the light in front of them turned red.
Bobby had been the one to call when Dean’s father had died. Dean remembered, it was the Friday after his nineteenth birthday, a cold January afternoon. Neither he nor Cas had any class on Fridays, and they were watching
“Bullshit,” Ellen declared, earning a laugh from Cas. He made his way to Dean at the island, and not even the rhythmic motion of rolling out a pie crust could distract from the nearness of him.
The next thing Dean knew, he was lying on a stiff bed. One look at the walls around him, and he knew he had made it to the hospital, though he had no recollection of how. Dean groaned against what felt like the worst hangover of his entire life. The lights were so bright it was criminal, his head was pounding, and vomiting was a constant possibility.
“I… Lost the inspiration,” Cas said carefully.
They finished eating and made their way back to the dorms. Dean was complaining about his own finals, and while Cas tried his hardest to remain engaged, his heart wasn’t in it. He was angry at himself. Even when he felt like he was succeeding, he was failing.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Coffee?”
content warnings: multiple mentions of homophobic family members, verbal abuse, alcoholism, smoking. (also passing mentions of jail time and arson)
“Dean,” Cas started. Still no response. “Dean! What happened?”
Cas slid the lock out of place. “Meg, I already told you, you need to ask before—" He stopped dead.
Ellen announced she thought it was time for coffee and dessert. When Dean didn’t immediately jump off the couch, Sam raised an eyebrow.
“Anything interesting happen?”
After the interminable drive, Cas finally arrived at the corner Dean had directed him to, a small bar with WSU flags plastered everywhere. Cas drove past the front of the building slowly, but couldn’t find Dean there. Finally, he saw a phone booth just past the bar’s street parking, and he coaxed the car forward. Dean was leaning against its side, a cigarette in his mouth. He hadn’t brought a jacket, and it was barely thirty degrees out. Cas turned up the heat in the car as he unlocked the passenger door.
Ellen interrupted. “He’s got the right idea,” she said. “The damn thing’s gonna be full anyway.”
He’d made it to Lawrence in record time.
Dean reached the 7-Eleven and discarded the cigarette in the ashtray on top of the trashcan. He made a beeline for the coffee machine. Dean grabbed the largest cup he saw, filled it to the brim with steaming coffee. He had just taken the glorious first sip when —
Cas woke up at two in the morning from a particularly vivid dream. His breathing was heavy with the shock of waking up so suddenly. Dean was breathing slow and even across the room, still entirely asleep.
“You sure you don’t want Sam or I to drive you home for Christmas?” Dean said. He’d made the offer the day before, but Cas had refused.
Dean held the exit door open as Cas walked onto their floor. “When did that happen?” He asked.
“What?”
“You’re just looking for an excuse to be mad,” Cas pointed out.
Dean nearly fell off the couch. “What? No,” he rushed out. “I mean, it’s not… Not with
They made small talk as Dean made pie crust. He settled into the routine motions, grateful for a distraction. He was so intent upon his task that he almost didn’t notice when Cas walked into the kitchen, his hands tucked awkwardly into the pockets of his jeans.
Dean held his gaze for a moment longer before music filled the living room.
Dean gave him a sideways grin. “Glad you’re here, Cas,” he said, because he was.
Dean pulled on a sweatshirt and sweatpants and made his way to the kitchen, doing his best to not disturb Sam, who was still passed out in the living room. He grabbed his keys off the counter and stuffed his feet into an old pair of sneakers before quietly exiting the apartment.
Ellen turned her shock back to Cas. “Good god,” she said with a laugh. “You grew up.”
“Awesome,” he said, earning a snort from Cas.
Dean was still muttering curses under his breath, holding his hand to his forehead. When he pulled it away, it was covered in blood. Whatever he had hit, it had been
“Why did you call me at six in the morning?”
“Mornin’” Dean said. “You were out early.”
Cas cocked his head. “You really thought I hated you?” He asked, his eyes searching Dean’s.
“Sam’s girl,” Bobby supplied. Sam blushed, looking at Dean.
He let out a long-suffering sigh. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s a good idea. I’d love to meet her.”
Dean was staring at the cover page again when a knock sounded at his door.
Dean tried to focus on the sizzling of the frying pan instead of Sam’s animated conversation with Cas about how he’d gotten into UT with a scholarship and was studying political science on the pre-law track. His ears betrayed him when Sam asked Cas about his last three years.
“Are you all right?” Cas asked, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Cas—”
CW: alcoholism, smoking
“Didn’t Bobby tell you already?” Dean muttered, taking a brush to the turkey.
“You idjit, you’re not —”
Cas didn’t turn from the computer screen. “Good morning,” he said. “How did you sleep?”
Dean drummed his fingers against the side of the couch. “You know,” he started, and he was already regretting it, “Sam wants you to come. To Bobby’s. For Christmas.” He cringed. The words sounded lame, like he’d made the whole thing up.
Another drag. An exhale.
“Sleep well, old man,” Sam joked.
Cas deflated a little, because she was right. Was he convincing himself of something that wasn’t there, all based on a crush he’d had when he was eighteen?
“Uh-huh,” she said. “It’s your fault his car broke down?”
time I dial his number?”
. Cas caught him and cocked his head.
Call Dean, get his voicemail.
Cas passed Dean’s gas station and kept going. The sun was rising in front of him, a beautiful sight of pinks and oranges. He’d always loved the sunrises here. He reached the next stoplight and slowed to a walk before putting his hands on his knees, panting, coughing a little from the cold air. He checked his phone, and saw a missed call from Meg. Frowning, he returned her call.
“I already did, and he wouldn’t tell me anything.”
“What?” Dean snapped.
hiii this chapter is pretty short and the next one is kinda long so i'm kinda thinking... i might post again tomorrow?? don't hold me to that i'm trying to edit while doing decemberimo hehe :)) thanks for reading! xx
Dean scowled. “That’s not true,” he said.
“Seriously, Cas, after… I can’t believe he just left,” she said.
last month.”
But this final project, it was difficult. The professor had tasked them with writing a 1000-word story in prose and adapting it into both a drama and a poem. The goal was to tell the same story in each genre. Cas couldn’t even think of a scene he might want to write, let alone how he was going to move fluidly between genres.
Cas lowered himself from his bed and hurriedly opened his computer. He had to get this down as soon as possible. Cas replayed the dream in his mind as his computer booted up. He supposed it might be a little strange, to turn this story in as his final project, considering it was somewhat of a self-insert. But it had everything he needed.
“Cas?” Dean said, an eyebrow cocked.
“Uh huh,” Dean managed to groan. “Fuck,” he said again.
Cas narrowed his eyes at the short message, but typed out a reply anyway.
Dean let out a hard breath. “No, I know, I know,” Dean said. “I dunno. Guess I never really thought about it before.” He paused. “I was too scared to think about it.”
Almost.
Dean had the wires exactly where he needed them when he tuned into the conversation above.
Cas almost smiled at that, because it was almost funny. “Why did you do that?”
Because nothing in the history of unrequited love confessions could beat this. Cas didn’t have a prayer. And maybe Dean would pretend he hadn’t seen it, maybe they’d never talk about it. But everything would be different. Dean would find excuses to miss dinner, Cas would pretend to be exhausted every Tuesday night. Dean would break the news that he’d found a different roommate for the following school year. Cas would remark that they should keep in touch at the year’s end, and Dean would agree with a clap on the back, and they would never speak to each other again.
Dean waved a paper at him. “Doctor said I’m cleared for work,” he said smugly.
Dean flopped into bed, but was surprised to feel his phone buzz.
“Phone’s dead,” he said, sounding exhausted. “I hate to do this to you, man, but… Just — goddammit — can you come get me?”
Dean stood up, testing the waters of movement. He didn’t immediately feel like vomiting, and the room didn’t start spinning, both good signs. Turning on the light in the kitchen, he noticed he still had a mild light-sensitivity, but it was nothing he couldn’t handle. Satisfied, he grabbed his keys and the sunglasses Cas had given him, and headed out the door.
Wake up, remember Dean is gone.
Cas was considering Sam’s question, trying to come up with an answer that was both vague and satisfying. “It’s about free will,” he said finally.
Dean felt trapped under Cas’s scrutinous gaze. He cleared his throat, selecting the least exhausting of his many questions to push attention back to Cas.
together, Cas, and he gets to just disappear the moment it starts to get real? That’s bullshit.”
Cas let out a breath. There was one crime John Winchester hadn’t committed. “What do you mean, hiding money?”
“What did you end up majoring in?” Cas asked, and the abrupt sound of his voice made Dean jump. He scrubbed the frying pan intently.
Sam looked at him with so much pity that it made Dean squirm. “You want me to send him back?” He almost hoped Sam would say yes, give him an excuse to be the total asshole he was.
“He’s worried about his retirement fund?”
Dean relaxed at that. “And you, right?”
“I don’t… I remembered you said something about liking that one,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I still have the receipt, so you can exchange it —”
Cas sighed and dropped his backpack on the ground, making his way to his desk and all but falling into the chair in front of it. He pulled out his phone reluctantly. He had eight unread messages from Meg, which he didn’t bother to open, but no missed calls. Cas stared at the screen for a moment before throwing the thing across the room. It hit the window sill and then the ground with a terrible
“What?” He asked in a low voice. “What did you say?”
“Oh,” Dean said, sounding almost as tired as he looked. “Hey, Cas.”
“The number of rings,” Cas tried to explain, “It’s not always the same. Sometimes there’s fewer of them.” He took the sandwich Meg gave him out of the bag, regarding it bitterly. “He’s just ignoring me.”
Sam looked unconvinced. “Where’s he gonna sleep?”
Bobby inclined his head in Cas’s direction. “Sure do. Sorry ‘bout your car, son.”
“Shit, that was — I’m so sorry, Cas I didn’t —” Dean was holding his head in his hands, but his words were taking eons to reach Cas’s ears. He just sat, staring in disbelief. Every place Dean had touched was scorched with the absence of him. “I’ll email someone — I’ll try to move out for this semester —
is a fantastic book series,” he added, and Sam’s face lit up.
“Good for him. ‘Bout damn time, too, he hasn’t even mentioned a girl since that Ruby broke his heart when he was sixteen.”
He waved a hand at her. “Nah. How are you, Jody?”
And that was surprising.
“Saw the sheriff this morning. She told me some poor travelin’ dude got mugged outside of a bar.” Dean raised his eyebrows. “Sound familiar?”
Dean shrugged, playing at nonchalance. “It was too hard,” he said, the same answer he gave everyone, because it was the most believable. It was the easiest. He could handle everyone thinking he was a grade-A idiot with a GED and a mechanic certification. He couldn’t handle the pity that came with admitting that he simply couldn’t put himself back together after his father died.
“Yeah, and we all remember the last time you had Christmas with us,” Sam interjected, earning a glare from Dean. Cas felt heat creep up his neck.
Dean broke into a slow grin. “This is awesome, Cas,” he said. “I can’t wait to read it. Thank you.”
Guilt crashed into Cas like a freight train. He had been absent, more absent even than before Thanksgiving. Part of it was out of necessity — finals were fast approaching, and he was intent upon an all-A’s first semester. But the hours at the library were stacked on top of the hours he spent in class and the hours he spent simply staying away from his room.
Finally, Cas relented. He opened the door and moved to the trunk to retrieve his luggage. Dean rolled his shoulders and followed suit.
By the end of his shift on Wednesday, he was exhausted. It felt good, though, being back in the shop, music accompanying him (at a decidedly lower volume than normal), his hands constantly occupied, mind numb from the easy work.
Ellen put a hand on his arm. “Dean,” she said, a rare softness in her voice. “We
“I have something else for you, too,” Cas said before he could change his mind. Dean crossed his arms.
Cas side-eyed him. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“No,” Cas rushed. “No, that’s why I’m telling you right now.”
Dean followed her instructions. As he unwrapped the foil, she turned to him, hands on her hips.
“What? No!”
.” His throat was tight, and tears stung the edges of his eyes. Of course this would happen. Of course.
Dean looked up at him. “Really?”
Dean sucked in a deep breath. “Yeah. He’s home from school for the holidays.”
The next thirty-six hours were spotty. A small funeral, just the three of them. Dean telling Bobby he wasn’t going back to school, he had to take care of Sam. Bobby staring daggers.
Dean was driving, and still concussed, so he contented himself with a diet Coke and a few slices of the pizza Bobby had ordered while Bobby got beers for Sam and himself. Sam asked how the shop was going, earning about ten minutes of Bobby begrudgingly praising Dean for all his hard work. Dean fidgeted in his seat, face flamed from the compliments, doing his best to insist that it was a team effort, really. Sam beamed at him.
“You motherfucker,” he whispered to the fan. “You waltz in here, with your college degree and your cushy office job. You drive me to the hospital and pretend you care. Well, guess what, you’re not allowed to care. You left, okay? We were friends, we were… We were family. I needed you, but you didn’t care then. So you can’t care now. You don’t get to come back here and remind me of everything I almost had. Fuck you. In every possible language, fuck you, man.”
“No,” Cas said, pushing the memory of that last night with Dean as far out of his mind as he could. “I’ve been busy.” It was, at least, half true.
“I’m just saying, the way you talked about him, the way you two were at Christmas, I’m pretty sure nothing he could have done —”
Of course he did. “Yeah, well, you stayed until I woke up.”
“I’d make Sam take the couch,” Dean said as he drove, “But he’s a giant. Sorry. It’s probably still better than that crappy motel.”
“He’s an asshole,” Meg announced.
“You ready?”
Abruptly, he remembered his creative writing project. A short story, something he could turn into a poem and a stage scene. A lightbulb went off in his brain.
Dean snorted. “Dumbass.”
Cas wanted to tell him that it was completely called for, that what Dean was feeling was valid, that he was being selfish and rude and a whole number of terrible things for avoiding Dean. But he couldn’t, because that would mean promptly declaring soul-destroying love for his best friend, right there in the middle of the dining hall. “You have nothing to be sorry about,” he mumbled.
“It’s been good,” Dean said, and it sounded strained. “To see you again.”
where i post when this fic updates (and sometimes i write little ficlets there too!) <3
Dean shook his head.
Dean clasped his hands together and hung his head. “Look, man, I felt bad, okay? I was being dumb not offering in the first place. The dude’s gonna be here at least until the end of next week.” He finally looked up at Sam and gave a shrug, aiming for nonchalance and missing it by about three miles. “It’s the right thing to do.”
As he drove home from work, a sign in a shopping center caught his eye. Before he knew what he was doing, he was pulling into the parking lot of a local bookstore. He turned off the Impala’s engine and walked into the store, not entirely sure what he was looking for.
“Well, it definitely wouldn’t hurt to take the whole week off and go back after the holiday,” she pointed out.
Dean could still feel Cas’s eyes on him. “Is this your way of inviting me to spend Christmas with you?” He asked.
“Trunk,” Dean mumbled. He felt like passing out again. The man came back and ushered the towel underneath Dean’s hand.
His eyes went wide when Dean rasped, “Cas?”
“Come on, Dean, the poor guy’s gonna have to spend Christmas alone, otherwise,” Sam whined.
Sam huffed on the other line. “You’re right, I don’t know what I’m asking, but that’s only because you refuse to tell me what happened.”
Dean had the words, they were right there, but he couldn’t say them, couldn’t take that first step in bridging the now-unacknowledged divide between them. “Well, it’s not like I pictured you depressed or anything,” he said instead.
“Right,” Cas said slowly. “And you don’t think we should talk about why we need a ‘new start’, as you say?”
“I have nothing better to do,” Cas replied around a bite of sandwich.
Cas smiled. “Maybe,” he said. “And therapy isn’t just for ‘crazy fuckers.’”
Dean exhaled another plume of smoke. “Yeah,” he said. He let out a mirthless laugh. “He said he didn’t get it, that if I was bringing anyone home, it should be a girlfriend, not…” Dean trailed off.
“We drank
“He’s outside,” Dean interrupted quietly.
“I did not,” Cas said, and he looked so appalled it sent Dean into a fit of laughter.
“Don’t be a baby,” Bobby chastised. “The guy who drove you to the hospital came by the shop yesterday, told me what the doctor said.” Dean groaned. “You’re not comin’ back in until Thursday, you hear?”
Their eyes were still locked, and Dean felt a tightness in his chest at how familiar this felt, even three years later. His hand moved without his permission, until it was flush against Castiel’s cheek. He closed his eyes at Dean’s touch.
Thinking about Cas led Dean to thinking about his final days in Wichita, as it always did. He didn’t remember most of that May, or the rest of the year, for that matter. He’d spent the nights drunk and the days endlessly hungover. Dean couldn’t remember going to a single class after his father died in January.
“Most likely. I do still talk to Anna, though, on a regular basis.”
“You’re staring again,” he said, still smiling.
Logically, Dean knew this train of thought made next to no sense. The rational side of him knew he was placing undue blame on himself for situations beyond his control.
Cas whirled around to face Dean, who was picking at a loose thread on the beanbag.
“I do,” Cas said. “He forgets to let the call ring out sometimes.”
“Before this semester, I typically wrote about my own life,” Cas said, feeling slightly self-conscious. “But one of my classes challenged me to write about other things.”
But he remained in his place, half twisted in the passenger’s seat, because this demanded all manner of explanation. Cas swallowed hard.
“Yeah.”
“Sam’s gonna wake up soon anyway, and that kid can
“And…” Dean’s eyes were fixed squarely on the ground in front of Castiel. “It’s just funny. How that works. Small world.”
Cas smiled. “If I ever finish it, of course,” he said. “
“Where’d you go after that?” Dean asked.
“But you’re not — Dean, I thought you were straight.”
Dean blushed at the compliment. “Sorry,” he said. “Uh, glad you like it.”
Cas stared at him. “Dean, I can barely remember anything we did on Thanksgiving, much less anything I might have said.” He paused. “And then we were… I didn’t know what to think. Not to mention, up until about five minutes ago, I thought you were — that you weren’t interested.” Cas ran a hand through his hair. “I was worried I might ruin our friendship.”
Cas raised an eyebrow at him. “I thought we were on a clean slate. ‘Forgetting about everything.’”
“Sam, you have no idea what you’re asking,” Dean argued as he made his way to the self-checkout. “In case you haven’t noticed, I’m trying to
Finally within reach, Cas grabbed Dean’s shoulder, hard. Dean slowed, but didn’t stop.
Cas looked at Dean like he’d just grown a third head. “You’ve been consistently upset at me since the moment you saw me. I don’t think cohabiting is wise.”
Cas breathed in deeply to refrain from yelling at her. “He said he was going to visit his family,” he said. “That hardly warrants notifying the police. People visit their families all the time.”
Cas checked the time. “Somewhere around four hours,” he said.
“One second…” Cas trailed off as he ensured his document had saved properly. “Done. Yes,” he said. Dean rolled his eyes, but there was a small smile on his face.
“Are you gonna get his car done before Christmas?” He asked.
Thinking that maybe, probably, everything had been his fault, that was one thing. To hear it, straight from the source, from
much eggnog!” Dean exclaimed, and Cas was laughing again, and Dean thought it was the best thing he’d ever heard. “And you wore that stupid fucking halo for so long—"
Dean punched the steering wheel. The Impala’s horn sounded. Sam looked at him in shock. The light was green. Dean took a deep breath and hit the gas, both hands gripping the wheel for dear life, now.
Dean blanched and swung himself down from his bed. “Dude, that means you got, max, an hour and a half of sleep.” He made his way to Cas’s desk and leaned over his shoulder. Upon seeing the word count on his screen, his eyes widened.
When they reached the lot, Cas threw the gear shift into park and folded his hands in his lap. He stared at his own interlaced fingers, willing Dean to speak first, not wanting to ask the question.
Cas kept his gaze out the passenger window. “Your brother is here?”
“That’s correct. I apologize for not knowing more. I’m… Not good with cars.”
Cas gave him a soft smile. “Then I’ll be there.”
Cas stared at him. “Oh,” was all he said.
Dean took a deep breath as he got into the car. “I’m leaving Wal-Mart now. I’ll see you at home, yeah?”
“Too fucking bad,” Meg retorted. “He’s the world’s biggest dick. You did
“Hard not to,” Dean said.
Dean let Sam drive the Impala to Bobby’s, peppering him with questions about UT the whole time. Sam gushed about his pre-law classes, which Dean tolerated only because he had just gotten home.
And, whatever Cas had been expecting, it wasn’t that. “What?”
She stared at him a moment before turning to Dean, an eyebrow raised. “Come help me in the kitchen, kiddo,” she said. Dean gave her a weak smile and followed her.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Shouldn’t we… Go inside?” It came out like a question.
That was a bad day. He’d completely blacked out the night before, and still felt pretty drunk when he’d woken up. He remembered calling Cas over and over again. Eventually, the calls stopped ringing out and started going straight to voicemail. Dean hadn’t left the room that day, despite having a full day of classes. He didn’t shower. He simply remained in the same spot, feeling more and more hopeless as the minutes went by. In his desperation, he’d even called Meg. She told him that Cas had left and that he should delete both their numbers. She called him a fuck-up. She spoke with so much hatred that Dean couldn’t even get a word in before she hung up on him.
Dean tightened his grip on the steering wheel. That wasn’t reality, he reminded himself. They had lost that friendship, and there was plenty of bad blood. Dean had made his choices. Cas had made his. Pretending otherwise didn’t do him any good.
Dean put out the cigarette and slid in without a word. Cas hit the gas and started the drive back to the dorms.
Cas woke up to Dean shifting around him as he attempted to get out of bed for an early class. Cas slung an arm tightly around his midsection in protest.
Cas cleared his throat. “What?”
“Don’t you have a DD?” Cas asked. Dean had never called him to pick him up from a party. He always made sure someone was sober, or he called an Uber.
Cas gave a weak smile. “No apology necessary.” He took a sip of water. “How’s your head?”
“Dean.” It was Bobby’s voice on the other line. “How you feelin’?”
” Meg yelled. “Dean-freshman-year-of-college-ruined-your-life-I-tried-to-learn-Wiccan-magic-so-I-could-curse-him-forever-
“What the
“What the hell does that mean?”
Cas stood abruptly as Dean’s phone slipped out of his hand, shattering upon impact with the linoleum. He was standing, his jaw clenched, staring at absolutely nothing.
Dean sat up, fast, hitting his head on the undercarriage. He cried out in pain, bright stars blooming all over his vision.
Cas felt the blood leave his face. “He thinks —”
“Yes.”
. The way he pushed and pushed against Dean’s shoddy walls while somehow managing to meet him in the middle, every time.
It was early in the morning, Christmas Eve. Cas was running along the same street Dean often walked on his gas station runs for beer and cigarettes. It was barely thirty degrees, and Cas didn’t have a jacket, but he savored the biting wind along his arms and the pain in his chest. It felt good to be out of Dean’s apartment, better still to be doing something that felt tangentially productive.
Dean took another sip of coffee. “Where?”
Dean’s expression changed, and he blinked. He was still looking in Cas’s direction, but not at him. Past him, at some unknown subject. Cas took a step toward him.
“Yeah, you did,” Sam retorted. “You said he —”
Dean looked at him with mock affront. “I just eat what tastes good,” he said.
If Cas had worried about Dean’s intentions, it was unfounded. At lunch, as Dean talked to Cas like he was the only person at the table, Meg rolled her eyes and told them to “get a room.” Dean responded by throwing an arm around Cas and saying, “Maybe later.” Meg gaped at the two of them for about ten seconds before regaining composure, shifting to more general conversation. Cas received a text from her immediately after they parted ways.
“He… Lives here now. And fixes cars for a living,” Cas rubbed a hand on the back of his neck. “He’s very good at it, I think.”
“What’s that?” Sam asked.
“Sorry, sorry,” Sam said, regaining his composure. “It’s just… Maybe you two are bad luck together.” He gestured at Dean, “First, you get concussed—” and then at Cas, “—and you get a black eye.” He shrugged. “Kinda funny.”
“No!” Sam said quickly. “No, I’m excited to see Cas. Damn, it’s been a while. I just… Confused. Last night —”
Dean remained silent, no indication that he had heard Cas. Cas placed a hand on his left shoulder, prompting Dean into movement.
Ellen shrugged. “You know I don’t give a damn, he’s a sweet kid, he’ll always be welcome at my Christmases. But Dean—”
“All of it. Everything,” Dean said, and he knew he wasn’t making sense, but he didn’t care. “Just… Water under the bridge. Start over.”
. Like this.”
“Cas. This is a bad idea.”
Cas sighed and folded his hands together. “Yes,” he said. “It was rather unfortunate.”
When they arrived at Bobby’s house in Lawrence, a gangly teen who Cas assumed to be Sam was waiting for them at the door. Dean had barely made it out of the car before Sam was running to him, pulling him into a hug. Dean was grumbling “I wasn’t gone
And that totally wasn’t an answer, but Dean let it slide. It was cold, and his back hurt, and he was tired from a long day at work. Silently, he pushed off the dumpster and began to make his way back to the apartment. Cas joined him, settling into a comfortable gait by his side. The air was languid between them, like it was too heavy to move.
Sam eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion. “I thought you were pissed at him.” He sat up a little straighter. “Actually, if I remember this right, you’ve been so pissed at him for the last three years that I haven’t been allowed to talk about him.”
“No, it’s…” Dean sighed. “It’s complicated.”
“I could ask you the same thing,” Cas replied, breathless.
“Only a week.”
“Old man can’t keep his mouth shut,” Dean grumbled, garnering a laugh from Jody. “I’m fine. It wasn’t a big deal.”
Cas gave Dean a look and continued to scrub the dishes he had just finished using. Dean rolled his eyes, but set about drying and replacing everything to their rightful cupboards. Dean shooed Ellen out of the kitchen, insisting that he and Cas could handle the rest of the cooking while she took a reprieve. She agreed with one last pointed look at Dean, which he promptly ignored.
“What?” Cas replied.
“Fan-friggin’-tastic.”
“I do.”
“Dean says your stories are really good,” Sam said, and Dean shot him a death glare. Cas could barely contain his laughter. “What do you usually write?”
“Dean, you’re awesome,” he said, appreciatively shoving three pieces of bacon in his mouth.
Dean spoke up at that. “Sam, enough questions, the dude just got the shit beat out of him, like, eight hours ago.”
Jo was already sitting on the couch, and she jumped up to give Sam and Dean each a hug. She stopped short when she saw Cas.
“And when you told him, he got angry?”
“What’s the point, Sam?” Dean demanded. The frigid December air was welcome against his face, hot with frustration. “I don’t need you playing Dr. Phil for me and Cas, okay? I can handle my own bullshit.”
“I can’t wait to see ‘em,” Dean said, smiling up at the ceiling.
Dean glared at him. “Are you coming, or not?”
He sighed, and began to list out possible ideas. When it became clear that he wasn’t getting anywhere, he closed his notebook and moved onto something less intense. He reviewed his econ notes for an hour, got started on his final paper for literature.
“Great,” she said brightly. “You can tell me all about it. Like your new city apartment. And which coffee shop you go to and how many baristas have written their numbers on your cups. And when
“No,” Cas said. “I’m only using the first thousand words for my project. But I just couldn’t stop. There was more to tell.” His cheeks flamed. Talking about his creative projects always embarrassed him.
Dean felt something cave in his chest. Everything went slack. “
Cas looked up thoughtfully. “I don’t know for sure yet,” he said. “That reminds me…” He turned back to his computer to save the document. When faced with the title option, he faltered. He typed in “The Righteous Man.” That would do for now.
Dean stripped off his clothes, the alcoholic haze just beginning to slow his movements. He turned on the shower and got in, the scalding water providing a welcome touch of pain. He stood there, the scotch progressively settling into its neural blockade, but failing to quiet the echoing of Cas’s words.
“I’m not saying I’ve forgiven him,” Cas rushed out, because he hadn’t. “But I am saying… I think he’s grown up. And maybe he deserves a chance to prove that he has.”
Cas reached above his head to stretch, but he faltered when he heard Dean say, “Dad? What’s wrong?”
Sam cleared his throat, catching Cas’s attention, and eventually, Dean’s. “I think I’m gonna turn in, guys,” Sam said.
“Two weeks,” Cas replied. He checked his phone again. Nothing.
That voice.
“Just… Take care of yourself, okay?” Meg cautioned. “You’re way too awesome to get fucked up over Dean Winchester twice.”
Once Cas’s ninety-something Honda Civic was parked, Dean lifted the hood and started diagnostics. Apparently, the car had just stopped in the middle of the road. There was gas in the tank, Dean noted with relief. Some people ran down to empty and then got confused why the engine died. He checked the alternator, no problems there. He had Bobby turn the ignition while he listened to the fuel pump, but it was working, too.
Dean nodded, and they exited the car and made their way upstairs. And it might have been any other night, save their shoulders touching, fingers brushing, silence charged with something new. Cas unlocked their door, letting Dean in. When he turned after shutting the door behind him, Dean was there, and Cas didn’t even have time to turn on the light before he was shoved hard against the door. Dean’s mouth was hot and his hands were desperate. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Cas thought they should probably talk about this, about them, but then Dean’s breathing hitched as Cas caught his bottom lip between his teeth, and the thoughts stopped coming.
“Dean,” the man said, and his voice held such intensity and familiarity that Dean finally had to look at him.
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper, gravelly and sincere in a way that sent a shock through Cas’s spine.
yeahhh i got it up today!!! sorry for so many short chapters at the beginning, they're getting longer now! thanks as always for reading, commenting, leaving kudos... y'all motivate me so much :))))
“He’s back?”
“Nonsense,” Ellen said, giving him a smile. “You can help Dean with that pie, if you really want,” she said. “But he’s kind of a control freak.”
“Oh man, you should’ve seen him when he found out I’d been hiding money away to go to college,” Dean said, laughing darkly. “I thought I was gonna go to school with a black eye for a week.”
“Nah, man, you can’t impose on Bobby, you especially can’t impose on Ellen,” Dean said dismissively.
“Not much you can do ‘sides replace the belt every hundred thousand miles or so. They just kind of break.”
“Wh —” Dean interrupted himself with a frustrated sigh. “Okay.” He was tapping the table with two fingers. This was a bad idea. He shouldn’t have come. “Why are you staying here, anyway?” He asked, just to have something to say. “This place sucks.”
At first, Cas wasn’t sure how to respond, because he wasn’t sure what he was allowed to say. That is, until Dean answered a call from Benny, saying, “Sorry, man, I’m not going tonight, I have a date. Yeah, with Cas. Shut up.” Cas smiled to himself as he replied to Meg.
A small smile, but it faltered as Dean spoke again. “Are you sure?” He said. “I don’t — I might be really shit at this, you know.”
The air felt like it was about to condense with the weight of the silence. That final hour of the drive had Cas fidgeting, turning his phone over and over in his hands. Dean was perfectly still, hardly moving his eyes from the road. Dean, the definition of nervous energy, wholly devoted to a single task. Cas could have laughed at the irony if he hadn’t been silently begging for immediate reorganization into an inanimate object.
Dinner was its typical affair; loud and impolite and everything Dean loved. Ellen and Jo started bickering when Jo politicked for a glass of champagne, then became even more indignant when Bobby poured Sam a glass. Before he knew what he was doing, Dean found himself sharing a look with Cas.
Seeming to sense Dean’s discomfort, Cas said, “Dean, you don’t have to do this.” His voice was measured, but it had a near-pleading tone. “I’m perfectly fine.”
“Dean?”
“Oh, that sucks,” she replied sympathetically. “Are you getting it fixed?”
Cas cocked his head, eyes narrowed. “Do you not remember?”
“What has your life looked like the past three years?”
Dean resisted the urge to pull out another cigarette before continuing this conversation. “I guess,” he said.
It was nearly fifty pages, front and back. The paper was crumpled all over; stains dappled the text. The first page was blank, save a note written in neat, blue script.
Castiel had fallen, and he wasn’t sure if he would rise again.
“Maybe,” Cas said with a small smile. “Let’s go inside.”
Cas just nodded, shifting awkwardly on his feet. Dean locked his car and made the ascent to his door.
“Nothing,” Dean said slowly. As they pulled out of the gas station parking lot, Dean didn’t even bother to turn on the radio. Cas only dared a single glance in Dean’s direction, but when he did, he found Dean’s eyebrows knit in concentration, his jaw set, like this drive was the most important thing he’d ever done.
with every breath and Cas thought he might die in that parking lot because he simply would not allow this to end.
“No, I’d like that,” Cas rushed out. He blinked at his own words. He was supposed to be avoiding Dean as often as possible, not spending three uninterrupted weeks in his hometown.  “It sounds nice,” Cas added weakly, despite the fact that it definitely did not.
“Sure,” he said. “Grab eggs, milk, butter...”
They stopped talking, each turning their attention to the program playing on the TV. Dean had a brief moment of disassociation, watching the scene from somewhere beyond himself. It was strange, he thought, to be sitting in his living room with Castiel Novak, two twenty-somethings living vastly different versions of the same life. Inexplicably, he felt the same thing he’d felt when he was eighteen, lying in the dark, talking to Cas across the room. He felt known, he felt seen, like each and every part of him was open for voyeuristic display. It was nothing Cas had said, nothing he had done, it was just
“I’m still surprised you’re not some big-shot writer already,” he said, turning back to the kitchen. He set about wiping down the stovetop. “It always seemed like you were really into that stuff.” As a memory tickled the edges of his brain, he added, “Good at it, too.”
Dean was still staring at Cas, who was studying the ground with great intensity. He barely heard Sam’s question.
Sam turned into the shop parking lot, the windows of Bobby’s apartment above providing the only light against the dark. “Hey, you never really answered my question yesterday.”
“You couldn’t have told me yesterday? How long have y’all been planning this?”
“Be there in a minute!” Dean called back. Bobby surely grumbled something under his breath, but it was lost under Soundgarden blasting through the speakers. He just had to connect the sensor to the chassis ground…
“You know,” he said slowly, like the words were difficult to force out, “You could… I mean, I’m sure everyone wouldn’t mind if you came to Christmas.”
“I’m just — I’m at the corner of seventeenth and Gentry.”
“Well, he told me that
“What the hell?” Bobby asked, and Dean couldn’t have agreed more.
Cas was staring at him, staring
“A little bit.”
Dean thought he was going to explode. Was he the only one who saw how cosmically
“What is it?” Dean asked.
“’S no big deal,” Dean muttered. “Glad you like it.”
Dean let out a long breath. “Yeah,” he said after a moment. “I’m okay. I really am.” He said it like it might have been the first time he’d ever meant it.
Cas had thought that it was getting easier, being around Dean. He’d basked in the feeling of being not just someone’s best friend, but
,” he spat. He could feel it now, warm wetness dripping down the right side of his head. The pain was damn near unbearable, and when he tried to stand, the world felt like it might tip over.
“Good,” Dean replied.
“I know I’ve hurt you,” Cas said with a sigh. “And I know the last thing you want to do is talk about it,” he added, as Dean opened his mouth to say just that. Dean crossed his arms, his jaw set.
“I suppose you can get back in the shop, as long as you’re careful,” Dr. Barnes replied. “You don’t work on Christmas, do you?”
Cas stared at it, face down on the ground, for a long moment. “Fuck,” he muttered, getting up to inspect the damage. The screen looked like a spiderweb. “Fuck, fuck,
“Yeah.”
“And sometimes,” he said, deliberately, “Sometimes, the things we love can be bad for us, in the end. Despite how happy they might make us in the moment.”
Sam introduced himself to Cas, all smiles and raw excitement. His openness was contagious. Sam insisted on hauling Cas’s backpack inside for him, to which Dean threw an apologetic look at Cas. Cas just grinned back at him.
Dean’s eyes flicked to his. “Yeah,” he said, but he still wasn’t letting go. And Cas thought he should look away, should open the door, but then the inaction lasted too long. Something about the way Dean was looking at him burned, and he was chewing on the inside of his cheek, like there was something he was trying to convince himself to say.
Dean held the glass under his mouth in place of a microphone. He began to belt along with George Michael, “
Sam rolled his eyes and closed Dean’s bedroom door behind him. Dean shook his head.
“It wouldn’t kill you to talk, once in a while,” Ellen said pointedly, turning her back to Dean to retrieve more ingredients from the cupboards.
Dean dug the pack of cigarettes out of his jacket pocket in answer. “Smoke,” he said.
Sam exited the Impala silently. Dean’s outburst must have been enough to shatter the alcoholic haze. Dean locked the doors and led Sam up to his door.
Cas shrugged. “I’m obviously wasting my time.”
Dean was doing his best to uphold his end of the scotch-induced bargain of Monday night. At the very least, he told himself, it would make the next week more bearable, with Cas lingering in his apartment at all hours.
“Damn, am I excited to see that boy,” Bobby said. “Well, you two head down here when he’s done gettin’ settled. He’s finally old enough to have a few beers.”
“Yeah, yeah, it’s Cas,” Dean said as he rolled his eyes.
He really did look awful. Under the guise of concern, he let himself look at Cas, really look at him.  Dean took stock of the black eye and complementary swollen cheek, but his eyes lingered on the full lips and stubbled jaw. Still the same. Maddeningly beautiful.
Dean couldn’t just leave Cas in that hotel lobby, hungover and nursing a black eye, no driver’s license, no money. He considered his options for a moment. He could send him to Bobby’s. But, no, that would invite raised eyebrows and lots of questions. Bobby was out. He could pay for Cas to stay at a better hotel, one closer to the shop. A quick estimation told him that was a thousand-dollar choice. Not happening. Dean groaned internally. He was the world’s biggest idiot.
“Just open it!” Sam insisted, the picture of excitement.
Friday afternoon, after spending far too long in bed, Cas was sitting on the beanbag, Dean’s head resting on his lap. They’d taped Dean’s comforter over the window, leaving the room completely dark, save for the film playing on Dean’s television.
Dean smirked at him. “That’s the first time I’ve ever heard you say ‘fuck’.”
Sam was rubbing his face with his hand, but Cas was nearly doubled over with laughter. That was all the encouragement Dean needed, as he continued to sing along.
“Yeah, uh, bad news,” Dean said, taking a sip of his beer. “Half of your valves are fucked.” At Cas’s vacant stare, he elaborated, “My guess is your timing belt is banged up. It’s causing the pistons to fire out of time, so they hit the valves wrong. The cylinders can’t keep pressure if the valves don’t work. That’s why your engine died.”
“What?” Cas asked, confused. “Didn’t you finish at WSU?”
“Yes,” Cas said, the ghost of a smile on his lips. “We drank a lot of eggnog.”
He just made a grunt of understanding. “Well, you were way off, pal,” he said.
The pressure behind his eyes lessened. The anger was still there, still burning beneath the surface, but this was enough for now. A temporary catharsis. A way to keep his sanity. He didn’t believe in God — couldn’t, really, after everything  — but this was the closest thing he had to a prayer. He’d started after John died, after he’d realized that burying the guilt and the sadness in alcohol was killing him. When Sam got the scholarship to UT, he’d done it again, voicing the jealousy and fear that he’d never allow himself in the daylight. He didn’t know if it was healthy, but he also didn’t care. It kept him going. He could walk into work every day with a smirk on his face, call Sammy and crack jokes, flirt with female customers after he changed their oil. Screaming into the void kept the “passed-out drunk” nights to a minimum. It kept him from becoming his father.
“It was too big to hide in there, and I’m shit at wrapping, so I just left it in the car,” Dean said, a little sheepish. He opened the trunk, and Cas gasped.
“You kept this?” He said in a strangled voice.
Dean grabbed a pint at the last second. For good measure.
tonight?”
After hitting a solid halfway point on his first draft, he checked his phone again. It was already midnight. Cas frowned. Dean was known to stay out late on the weekends, but it was Wednesday. Cas knew Dean had a nine-a.m. history class on Tuesdays and Thursdays. He also knew that Dean wouldn’t make it to said class if he was out much later. He sent him a text.
Cas furrowed his brow. “What should I do to keep that from happening?”
Bobby’s lips quirked up at that, but he gave Dean a look that said
Cas grabbed the tattered cookbook from the counter and began measuring out the filling ingredients. Dean watched out of the corner of his eye as he fitted the crust into the pie tin, but Cas was the picture of precision and caution. Dean stuck the crust into the oven to prebake, and when he turned around, Cas had already moved onto cleaning his dishes.
He could feel Ellen’s eyes on him as he returned the turkey to the oven. When he turned back to face her, she regarded him with suspicion.
That shut Dean up. He wasn’t sure he wanted to know, but he asked anyway, “What did you picture? For me?”
“Idjit,” Bobby muttered. “That’s gonna need stitches. Hey, I hate to ask this of ya, but can ya get ‘im to the hospital? Everyone else’s gone home for the day and we got an appointment in ten. I’ll fix your car myself, free of charge,” he added.
Jody sighed. “Same old. Bunch of the force is off for Christmas already. I pulled the short straw, had to work the graveyard shift last night. ”
“Are you… I know I already asked, but man, something’s off,” Dean rushed out. “Is — Is this about Christmas? ‘Cause —”
Cas regarded him thoughtfully. “You ask me a lot of questions,” he said. “Am I allowed to do the same?”
What was he doing, exactly? What was his plan here? He had Cas’s phone number. He could easily call him, ask if he was okay, if that was him who got mugged. Would Cas even tell him the truth if it really was him Jody was talking about? The man didn’t owe Dean a damn thing, he’d made that perfectly clear.
Dean nodded. His hand was still wrapped around Cas’s wrist, and he was looking out of the windshield.
“So,” she said. “You have some explainin’ to do.”
“Can you contain your nerd for, like, ten minutes?” Dean grumbled. “Dude just got here, you don’t need to scare him off.”
Dean furrowed his brow. “What?” He cleared his throat. “I mean, I had like three beers. I was planning on going full blackout, but then you reminded me about class.”
“Move out?” He croaked, and his voice sounded foreign to his own ears. “Why?”
“At the bar,” Cas clarified. He couldn’t tell how drunk Dean really was, but based on that recent revelation, he could guess.
He chided himself internally. How much of his selfish avoidance scheme had contributed to those feelings of inadequacy? He’d rather burn with the pain of unrequited love forever than let Dean think he wasn’t enough.
“That he’s a shitty, fucked up person who used you for some experimental college phase and ran away when he realized it might be more than that,” Meg rushed out. Cas turned his head to look at her.
He leaned into the ache that came with the brilliance of Dean’s smiles. He relished the knot in his stomach when Dean spoke to everyone, but looked at Cas like it was just for him. He stole glances. He hid smiles. Dean permeated his thoughts and invaded his dreams. It hurt like hell, sleeping alone on an air mattress, wanting nothing more than to be laying next to the man in the other room. But the highs were addicting, made greater by the pain that followed them. Though he’d been down this road before, hopelessly in love with someone who would never, could never love him back, Dean felt different. Dean felt all-consuming.
DVDs,” he said, giving Sam a sideways grin.
Dean nodded eagerly.
“I only wore it because
“What about her?” Dean grumbled.
The rest of the week passed much the same. Castiel went to bed each night with sore cheeks from smiling. On Saturday, Sam roped him into pouring toothpaste into Dean’s shampoo bottle. The roar they heard from the shower that night had them nearly on the floor laughing. Dean got his revenge on Sam moments later, barreling out of the bathroom in nothing but a towel to give his brother a large, wet hug. Unbeknownst to Dean, his retaliation involved Cas as well; it took great effort to keep his eyes focused on anything but Dean’s bare midsection.
Cas grumbled something incomprehensible as he pulled out his phone. When he saw the date, however, he shot up, suddenly wide awake.
Dean pulled up to his apartment, anger and regret swirling in his head. He shouldn’t have yelled at Sam. He knew that. But Sam — well, sober Sam — knew better than to bring up Cas in any capacity.
“Nonexistent,” he said, and that was mostly true. He still tried to avoid sudden changes of elevation, and he wasn’t about to start blaring music again, but no more pulsing headaches or light sensitivity.
. It was a special edition, with extra content bound up at the end. He remembered Cas saying something about that book once. It seemed like a reasonable gift.
The ghost of a smile. “No,” Cas said. “I’m just thinking.”
Bobby sighed. “Not yet. Bunch of oil changes with holiday travel and shit. I’ll pull it into a bay if you wanna have a look.”
Dean was grateful for the distraction of food when Sam returned. Dean was quiet during dinner, finding comfort in an observatory role. He wondered at Sam and Cas’s closeness, after only a few days spent holed up together. He rolled his eyes when the two of them began communicating in sign language, because of course Cas knew sign language. When Cas’s eyes flicked to Dean after Sam signed something, and the two of them laughed, Dean huffed and gathered the trash to take it out.
“Merry Christmas, Bobby,” Sam said cheerfully, and he pulled the old man into a hug. Bobby was staring at Dean the whole time, a silent question in his eyes.
At the word, Cas realized how hungry he actually was. “I’m all right,” he said. He should have stopped at the gas station on his way back.
“The same night.”
Dean froze. “Kansas City? Did you happen to get his name?”
“Thank you,” Cas said, all-too earnestly. Sam just rubbed his hands together in anticipation.
Dean turned his head, and immediately regretted it when the pounding intensified. Next to his bed, on a plastic chair, a man was sitting. His head was down, buried in some book, and all Dean could see was a mop of dark hair.
“You owe me for… What, exactly?” Cas said, eyes searching Dean’s face. Dean tugged at the collar of his sweatshirt.
“Do you think I haven’t considered that?” He whispered, and he was angry now, but it was a stale thing, left exposed to the air for too long. Meg bit her lip. “Do you think I don’t consider that every
Dean’s look darkened, if only slightly. “Dad’s not coming. The whole thing started ‘cause he got tired of trying to pretend to like the holidays after Mom died. Decided to pawn us off on his old friends. But yeah, Sammy’ll be there.”
Sure enough, half of the valves wouldn’t hold pressure. Dean groaned. He would have to replace the timing belt, too, then. Bobby was going to regret that promise of a free fix. More than that, though, Dean was regretting his promise of free lodging. Fixing Cas’s car, even if it was the only one he had to deal with, would take at least three full days. But he and Bobby really were packed with maintenance appointments, and they always had dinky little repair jobs around the holidays. Cas was stuck in Lawrence for at least another week. He’d be there for Christmas.
Cas was beaming at the ceiling. “I missed you, too.”
Christmas with the Winchesters made every holiday celebration Cas had attended look boring. Ellen Harvelle and her daughter, Jo, arrived in the morning, each giving him a hug like they’d known him for years. The moment she walked in, Ellen was yelling at Dean to “get his ass in the kitchen.” He grabbed Cas by the arm and pulled him along.
Dean dragged him to all of his favorite spots in Lawrence, places he remembered from early childhood and past Christmases with Bobby. Watching Dean in his element, Cas gave up. Resistance was futile. Cas didn’t fall in love with Dean in Lawrence, but he stopped trying to open a parachute against it. And while that observably changed nothing, for Cas, it changed everything. He’d already lost the game — what was the point in denying himself the consolation prize?
“Yeah,” Dean replied, and it was barely a whisper. “Probably.” But he didn’t, he just sat there above Cas, savoring this moment when he wasn’t getting in his own way, when the anger and the pain and the loneliness felt a million miles away, and Cas was closer than he’d been in years. Dean leaned down, little by little, until there was little more than an inch separating their faces. Cas’s eyes were still closed.
Cas bit the inside of his cheek. “It was supposed to be a surprise,” he said, “Benny and Charlie both insisted. But you once told me you have a strong aversion to surprise parties.”
“No,” Dean said, and this conversation was getting dangerously close to acknowledgement of their history. Dean didn’t dare look at Cas. The fact that he thought, after everything, that Dean would be anywhere close to “in a relationship” was downright comical.
A honk startled Dean from his thoughts, and he realized he was sitting at a light that had obviously been green for far too long. He sped forward. Maybe he
Eat dinner, if he can remember.
for a late birthday celebration.
“At least let me help,” Cas said. Dean considered this for a moment before shrugging.
And then there was the prospect of travelling to Lawrence to spend Christmas with Dean and his family. Cas really hadn’t wanted to spend the holiday alone, and was, on the one hand, thankful for the invitation. On the other, his anxiety was mounting. That trip meant there was absolutely no avoiding Dean for at least three weeks; not to mention the fact that he was meeting the group of people most important to Dean.
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh when Sam started Cas on a conversation about Tolkien, and he excused himself to get another beer. When he returned, Bobby close behind him, he threw a pillow at Sam’s head, which led to Sam throwing it back, knocking Dean’s beer to the floor, and then it was war. Bobby shot Cas an eye-roll, which only made him laugh harder.
“Yeah,” Dean said, no hesitation.
Dean frowned. “I don’t — I don’t know,” he said, and he sounded almost surprised at his own answer.
They didn’t end up leaving until after dinner the next day, Sam and even Bobby pulling both of them in for hugs. Dean turned on the radio for the first half of the drive, but kept the volume low. He was quiet, and although Cas wanted to ask, he allowed Dean to sit in whatever he was feeling, watching the flat landscape pass outside the passenger window.
Cas pulled his hand back like he’d been burned. “What?” He croaked. His throat felt like sandpaper.
Dean and Cas worked in companionable silence. Before Dean had even registered time passing, they had everything sitting on the island and a sink full of dishes. Cas was giving him a strange look, but Dean just cleared his throat and called everyone else into the kitchen
Cas laughed. “I’m not even in the city yet.” He paused. “I’m in Lawrence, actually.”
“Yes.”
“The one right by KU?” Dean asked.
blamed himself. Of course Cas left, because who would have stayed? Dean
Meg frowned and pulled out two bagged sandwiches, one of which she shoved into Cas’s line of sight.
“I think I’m hallucinating,” Dean said.
“I already said I would go,” Cas argued. “Would you have me rescind?”
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam said.
“Yes,” Cas said again. “I suppose they were just sober enough to land a punch.” He gestured at his eye. “I believe they just wanted cash, and I’m sure the ID of a twenty-two year old was desirable as well.” He sighed once more. “I’m just glad they didn’t take my phone.”
“Thanks for, uh,” Dean started, but he cleared his throat. “Thanks for coming. To Lawrence.”
“Charming,” Cas said, crossing his arms over his chest. “You’re selling your invitation beautifully.”
, man.” Sam waved his hand for emphasis. “You’re messed up. You’ve
Cas was silent for a moment. “Did you find what you were looking for?”
“Too early,” he mumbled.
The Impala roared to life. Dean opened the window to toss the empty package into a nearby trash can, dusting his fingers off in the air. He turned back to Cas, the right side of his mouth covered in powdered sugar.
“What’s your book about?” Sam asked.
“We’re going to Benny’s?”
Cas stared at him for a moment longer, still searching, before dropping his head and turning away.
Sam’s eyes widened at him over his mug. “Are you okay?” He asked.
“No,” Cas said. “I don’t believe I’m welcome at my father’s house anymore.”
Cas gave him a small, sad smile. “I know.”
But then there was a pair of lips against his ear, and they were entirely real. “C’mon,” Dean said in a low voice. “First day of class.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “That’s what you and Sam do all day? Nerd out over crazy historians?”
And all of a sudden they were going through it all, all the movie nights and dining hall dinners, the Taco Bell runs, Cas helping him with calculus and Dean throwing wads of paper at Cas when he’d been studying too long. When Cas reminded Dean of the time he came home from a party with
Dean’s expression darkened. “Yeah, this is fucking hilarious, Cas —”
“Bobby said he’d fix my car for free if I did.”
“We can talk about it in the morning. Get some rest,” he grumbled.
“I’m very fortunate,” Cas said carefully. “If I am unhappy, it is of my own doing.”
Dean had just taken his last final that morning. It was nearly noon before they hit the road in the Impala, Dean’s twenty-minute tape-selection process doing nothing to hasten their departure. Eventually, he settled on
Cas’s brows knit together. “Your apartment is quite nice,” he said. “Why didn’t you finish?”
“You goin’ home for Christmas?” Dean asked.
"We would have found each other, and like light yawns across eons to spill on the floor beneath your window, we would fall in love, because we are all and we are nothing and everything in between. We are in superposition."
“We’re headin’ to Bobby’s around ten tomorrow,” Dean said, handing Cas a mug and pushing the other toward Sam. He leaned back on the counter facing Cas. “Sam and I usually just spend the night there, but if you wanna drive the Impala back here, be my guest.”
Call Dean, get his voicemail.
“But it’s a party.”
“And your old man still kicked you out?”
“Damn, Cas,” Sam said, squinting at the black eye, as if he’d just realized it. “That looks like it hurts.”
“Right. And you’re gonna be totally cool with him around?” Dean didn’t answer. “That’s what I thought.” He sighed. “What the hell are you doing, man?”
Cas smiled with a blush. “Hello, Ellen.”
“What?”
“I have to get to class.” Cas picked up his backpack, tossing his half-eaten sandwich into a nearby garbage can. “I’ll see you later.”
closure. Neither of them did, seeing as Cas would go back to his glamorous life in less than a week, anyway.
“I’m assuming you’re spending Christmas at Bobby’s?” Cas asked after a beat.
“You should invite him to Bobby’s, then.”
“Sam, you didn’t —”
“What?” Dean was doing his best to keep from shouting in the middle of the busy store. “Why would you do that?”
“It’s just strange,” Cas started, wrapping the coat tighter around himself, “That I should end up stranded here, in Lawrence, of all places.”
“‘Course,” Dean muttered. He made as if to leave, but he stopped again. “I’ve been thinkin’ about what you said the other night.”
fine, because there was no way in hell Castiel Novak was holding him up with an arm around his waist.
So this is kind of obvious now, but the POV is split between present!Dean and college!Cas :) I have like three more full chapters already written, but they need to be edited. The plan for the next like week is to update every other day, but then it'll probably go down to once a week. Hope you enjoyed! :]
“Yeah, well. When’s Sam gettin’ in?”
Cas shook his head a little. The dream had felt so real that it had left a residual burning feeling in his hand. He stared at it, but it remained entirely human.
Dean palmed his face with his hand. “Oh my God,” he muttered.
“I don’t even remember that,” Cas said, shaking his head and taking another sip of his drink. “I’m shocked you do.”
“Are you drunk?” Cas asked suspiciously.
not?” Sam demanded.
Dean rubbed the back of his head. “I dunno, man, I just feel like I never see you anymore.”
Finally, he opened a blank document and began to write the first draft. Cas wrote down everything he could remember from the dream, sights and sounds and feelings. With each word, his excitement grew. He’d never felt this way about a writing project, like the story demanded to be told.
Dean squinted in consternation. Why was Cas even awake — wasn’t he some capital-A-adult, now? He was an accountant, with a job at an honest-to-god
Dean woke up to the sound of his phone ringing. He didn’t even bother to check the caller ID before answering with a groggy “Hello?”
Sam rolled his eyes and made for the front door. He threw it open, and Dean followed behind him, rolling his eyes at the dramatics.
a fuck-up, just like Meg said. John had known it, and he’d never let Dean forget it, as if Dean needed any help remembering. He couldn’t protect Sam from John, not all the time. He couldn’t even make it past sixteen without adopting a crippling nicotine addiction. Worst of all, he couldn’t suffer through four more years at home. If he could have done that, if he could have just stayed a little longer, John would have still been alive. Sam wouldn’t have been an orphan at fourteen.
Dean tilted his head back, begging the ceiling for strength. “Look, man, I’m just trying to be nice.”
“I got you something,” Cas said into Dean’s shoulder. Dean twisted around to face him.
“I suppose.”
“Nope,” he said. He turned around, a scowl on his face. The last person he needed to take shit from was Cas. “Do you think I’d be living in this dump if I had a degree?”
?” She finally said.
“Thanks for dinner, Dean,” Sam said. He seemed to have calmed down from their earlier argument. “You wanna watch
When they reached the entrance to their dorm, Cas put a hand on Dean’s arm. “Are you okay, Dean?” He asked.
Eat lunch with Meg.
“Your brother is extraordinarily kind,” Cas said in reply, not bothering to look at Dean. “He talks about you often,” he added.
Not-Castiel shoved his hands into Dean’s pockets and took out a set of keys. He then dumped Dean into the passenger seat and buckled the seatbelt.
Finally, he reached the motel. It was still relatively dark out. He parked the Impala at the back of the building, triple-checking that he had locked it, before making his way to the front desk.
At some point, though, it wasn’t enough to be angry at himself. Because, sure, he was a disaster of a human being, but Cas had known that. He’d seen all of the bullshit, and Cas still… They were still friends. Or, he’d at least let Dean think they were. But how could they have been? The second Dean needed him,
What Dean
“Is he all right?” That voice again. Too familiar. But Dean was trying to focus on not passing out, and he didn’t bother to try and place it.
Cas recounted everything that had happened over the past week, and Meg listened quietly, save an outburst at Castiel’s lodging situation. It felt good to talk to someone who wasn’t a Winchester, someone who had known him in the years since he’d been a terrified eighteen-year-old. He finished by admitting he was attending the Winchester-Singer-Harvelle Christmas, and Meg groaned.
“Yes?”
“Guess not,” Dean said through a breathless laugh.
“Uh… I think he said the Days Inn.”
But, no. Dean wasn’t flirting with him, Cas knew that much. Sam just said the first thing he could think of to get a rise out of Dean.
Dean rubbed a hand over his mouth. “I just thought, since he’d already met everyone, it wouldn’t be a big deal if he tagged along one more time. So he didn’t have to spend it alone.”
But then, they’d gotten drunk on the night of Thanksgiving. Cas didn’t remember much besides waking up in a tangled heap with Dean on the floor of their room. He’d been successful in extricating himself from the strange embrace before Dean regained consciousness, and thank god for that. But the situation lived rent-free in Cas’s mind. It made things considerably more difficult.
“What else was I supposed to think?” Dean asked. “I thought that was it, you were done with me.” Dean furrowed his brow. “Why’d you do that?”
“These things are fucking magic,” Dean said before making a completely inappropriate noise as he popped another into his mouth. Cas averted his eyes.
Cas gave him a nod and pushed off from the door. While he was disappointed that Dean would be gone for winter break, he was relieved, too. That was three weeks sans-Dean, more than enough time for Cas to work through his little crush. The solitude would be good, he told himself. Cas figured he could fast-track the five stages of grief, and by the time Dean returned, Cas would be the best friend he deserved. Cas sighed to himself as he rifled through his closet for a towel and a change of clothes. He was grabbing bottles of shampoo and body wash when Dean cleared his throat.
Neither said a word in the ten minutes it took Cas to reach campus. The only sounds were the roar of hot air from the vents and the low groan of the engine. Cas kept his eyes in front of him, never once daring to glance at Dean.
Dean wanted to pry, but knew he would be a hypocrite if he did. He got up and moved to the kitchen for a glass of water. He brought a second one to the living room for Cas, who uttered his thanks.
“Couch.”
Cas sighed. “I’m sure. I appreciate the gesture, but Christmas with my family is the last disaster I want to saddle with myself after…” He waved his hand generally.
him, like he always did. Dean turned his attention back to the cooking show playing on the television.
“What?” Cas stayed resolutely in his seat. “Dean, I’m not going to waste money on accommodations, this is fine.”
“Dean —”
It was Cas, now, who looked away. “It doesn’t mean anything,” he said. “Nothing important, anyway.”
That knowledge didn’t make the pain in his chest subside.
Dean glared at him. Cas gave him a smile that said in bright neon letters, “this is me, humoring you.”
