“Like he said,” Mary nods in Sherlock’s direction. “It was surgery. I was frightened.”
“No, this is my turn, Sherlock. No touching.” John strips off his jumper and vest, then steps close, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s neck, his ears, his mouth. Sherlock behaves, his hands grabbing at his own thighs to keep from reaching for John. Sherlock’s t-shirt is in the way, So between the two of them it is removed. John leans forward and swirls his tongue first around one nipple then the other, teasing the taut nubs between his teeth. Sherlock throws his head back, his hands clenching at his sides.
“No, no. Go ahead.”
Finally coherent enough to open his eyes, John was waiting for him, leaning down to slide their lips together once, twice before pulling away.
“God,” Sherlock groaned, reaching both arms behind him to grab the end of the couch, his hips raising of their own volition.
But John, tonight, something about the atmosphere, or maybe the wine, had softened his usual reserve. Tonight he was displaying something Sherlock couldn’t quite understand, at least as far as it being cast in his direction. John had been, well, flirty, and warm, and the way he was looking at him now... Sherlock felt exposed under that heated stare, and his face began to flush. He really needed to get away and consider things.
I know what I desire, John. My body, my mind, yes, my heart, all align on one thing, one singular person. You. It’s been you for so long. How did you not see? How did I not tell you? Why was I so afraid? I love you. I want you. Would that surprise you? I think it might. You, for so long, have harbored certain beliefs about me in that arena. Beliefs I was content to let lie, lest you learn the truth. I yearn for you, John. I ache for you. I’ve imagined you and I so many times. My lips on yours, your hands on my heated flesh, pressing and caressing, taking me apart. Limbs, slick with sweat, intertwined as our bodies come together, coaxing each other to release.
“Yes. please, yes.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock replies, face gone slightly pink. Perhaps from the cold, but more likely from the praise, even after all these years.
“Sherlock,” John mumbled against her neck, “can I take this off? Please, can I touch you?”
“It was my pleasure, John,” Sherlock replied, nervously licking her bottom lip.
The truth is, I was a fucking coward, Sherlock. And I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Because I was too afraid to try. To try for something better than we had. To see if those nights by the fire with takeaway, your legs brushing mine, your slow smiles could become something more.
“Shh, John,” Sherlock murmured, pulling off his cock. “You’re perfect.”  He sank back down, pressing in a third finger beside the first two. The feeling of being full was nearly too much, but at that minute, Sherlock expertly twisted his wrist and rubbed his prostate, John cried out, his back arching of the bed.
“Hmm. I think I found a new favorite tradition.” John said, wicked glint in his eye.
Come visit me on
John pushes down his desire to rage at them, to rail, to hurl every truth he knows about Sherlock until they see what a wonder they have in front of them. In the end, he lets his actions speak.
I gave you the vague answer about undercover work in Eastern Europe.
“Now. Sherlock I need you now.”
“What? Tonight? You didn’t hurt me at all. In fact, it was rather incredible.”
As the two men sway together alone on the dance floor, they both can’t help thinking about the road they’ve taken to get where they are. Full of twists and turns, and bumps, but they have finally found the way forward, together.
The first touch of John’s tongue was a tiny swipe, just enough to tease. John did it again, this time, one long lick to Sherlock’s folds, tongue pressing gently against her clit. John moaned as Sherlock sobbed, and the vibration went right to her very core.
John reaches over to the bedside table and grabs the lube then slides his pants off, kicking them out from under the covers. He slicks up both hands, then resumes his ministrations, firmer strokes, base to tip, adding a twist at the end just the way he likes. He spreads his legs wider, and with his other hand, he reaches below to caress his balls, rolling them and tugging gently as he works his cock. In his mind it is Sherlock’s larger hands on him, caressing, stroking, moving further back as  his mouth bobs and sucks on his length.
“You swiped that from Molly didn’t you?”
But still it was a welcome reprieve.
John giggled, the sound floating between them and filling Sherlock’s pores with a joy and contentment that he’d never quite felt before. He wanted to capture that sound, wanted to bottle it and keep it, pull it out on cold days and wrap up warm in it.
Big thank you to Ariane DeVere's
“Go on, then,” John’s voice no more than a puff of air against his lips.
Sherlock felt his face flush as John held his stare. He cleared his throat and looked away, breaking the spell, and attempted to get his heart under control.
Making John smile with delight and awe
The mattress dipping and the weight of an arm draping across his stomach woke him up. He glanced at his clock: 4:42 am. “Sherlock,” he whispered, pressing back into the body nestled against his own. Sherlock had obviously just made it home, his skin was still chilly to the touch. As were the tentative lips that brushed across his nape. “Where have you been?” John sighed, angling his neck for more contact.
“God Sherlock, I’m yours,” John breathed, brushing their lips together again in a kiss that quickly turned desperate.
Overflowing, plenty and fresh.
“Again, the good doctor surprised me. He called me. Apparently he had worked out what Mary was up to, and wanted to alert me to what was happening. He was understandably irate when I had to tell him I already knew.”
Sherlock’s lips gave the tiniest twitch at that, but he still didn’t turn his head. “No. Not tonight. Before. For...leaving. Bart’s, Magnussen, Mary, the plane. All of it. I’m sorry.”
“Fuck, yes,” John pants, rolling his hips.
Days and nights alive,
, were ‘
“Because you never looked at me like that once he came back,” Mary says, nodding at the two of them.
“It’s tradition! You know what you have to do! C’mon kiss!”
“It’s open,” he croaked.
Sherlock’s heart is beating out of his chest. John stands before him looking like sex incarnate, hair sleep mussed, flush high and breath short. Sherlock can smell the scent of spent desire in the air and it makes his mouth water and his knees go weak. He has no plan, no strategy, for once his great brain is silent and his transport is fully in control. Has been since he opened the door to the flat and heard the muffled moans and rhythmic squeaks coming from John’s room.
“More of a repayment.”
John giggles and Sherlock joins in, laughing at the ridiculous games they play. But they both know they wouldn’t have it any other way. Sherlock gets up and pulls John up to him, kissing him gently and tenderly, dragging him toward the bedroom.
Sherlock hums and wraps his arms around John’s torso, leaning down to press his lips behind John’s ear. “Love you too.”
“John, please. Don’t leave me. Please. Hold on. I know you can. You were a soldier, you’re the bravest man I’ve ever known, and the strongest. Please.” He’s babbling, constant streams of begging prose falling from his lips. He’s never begged before today, but now he’d give anything to take back the last half hour. Sherlock raises one hand to stroke John’s face, traces a finger across the tanned expanse of jaw and cheekbone, to those lovely eyelashes, butterfly kisses of touch that he never had the chance to indulge in before now. Before it was too late.
On one hand, Sherlock was thrilled beyond compare that John had thought of him. Saw the flyers announcing the production, and thought of Sherlock. Wanted to take Sherlock. Go with Sherlock. As a date, he wondered? He narrowed his eyes and glanced back up, trying to read John’s face. John looked so earnest and open, and Sherlock’s heart clenched at what he was about to do.
Sherlock settled in next to him, their bodies close enough to be nearly snuggling. “Just a Christmas show. I watch it every year.” Not exactly a lie, Sherlock supposed.
Mary doesn’t answer right away, just gives that head tilt again,
“John?”
John stretches back down on top of Sherlock, and presses kisses along his neck and jaw, pausing to suck a bruise where the shoulder meets the neck. Sherlock arches his back and moans, his hands coming up to rest on John’s head. John moves further back to the skin behind Sherlock’s ear and bites down, and Sherlock arches his pelvis, rutting his hard length against John’s thigh. Sherlock’s hand tangles in John’s hair, and he pulls him up to crush their mouths together in a savage kiss, their tongues tangling, wet and hot and perfect. John’s hands go to Sherlock’s curls to hold him steady while he ravishes his mouth, licking inside and sucking that gorgeous top lip between his teeth and biting gently. John can’t remember a time when a kiss affected him so much, but he’s harder than he’s ever been and desperate for some friction on his aching cock. He moves his hips so that their erections align and groans out loud at the velvet slide of Sherlock’s cock against his own.
John looked down, watching his hand splayed on Sherlock’s ankle where it rested in his lap. Sherlock followed his gaze, admiring the dichotomy of John’s tanned flesh at contrast against his pale skin. They had never been so close before, so intimate. John began to move his fingers, butterfly kisses of touch, tracing in circles around his ankle bone, leaving flashes of electricity in their wake. He didn’t know if John was aware of his movements, but he didn’t dare mention it, in case he decided to stop.
Judging by the slight wetness in Sherlock’s eyes, John could tell no one had ever made him that promise before. He was suddenly filled with both pride that he could fill that role for him, and anger that no one ever treated this man with the care he deserved. He squeezed Sherlock a little tighter, and couldn’t resist pressing another kiss to that gorgeous mouth. “I mean it, Sherlock.”
A choice made even more evident the night of Sherlock’s return. John sat in the Landmark trying for all his might to move on, take the final step with Mary. And in waltzed Sherlock Holmes, prancing around pretending to be a waiter with his drawn on mustache and fruity accent. Making a joke out of the past two years. Making a mockery out of John’s pain. The unfeeling clod. John was so angry that night he didn’t know what to do. He wanted to punch him, hurt him until he felt as bad as John had. He wanted to kiss him, grab him and reassure himself that he was alive. In the end, the anger won out. John went home with Mary, and Sherlock went home with a bloodied nose.
After three full minutes, “John, I did solve the case,” Sherlock ventured, looking up at John from beneath soggy curls.
“You shot Sherlock. You killed- why? How? How could you do that to him? To me?” John can hear his voice breaking as he asks the one question that has been plaguing him since that night in Leinster Gardens. “You never answered me, Mary. Why?”
Johnlock Wedding.
“God,” John groans, his hands tightening in Sherlock’s hair, his hips moving in tiny thrusts, seeking more. Sherlock obliges, bobbing his head faster and sucking harder, his hand stroking the parts of John his mouth can’t reach. The obscene sounds of wet sliding flesh fill the room intermingled with muffled moans as Sherlock coaxes John closer and closer to the edge. He reaches his free hand down his body, stroking his own hard length in time with his mouth, desperate for his own release, his earlier aborted orgasm barrelling down on him full force.
“Oh. Well. He’s stable. It was a close call, we thought we’d lost him there, when he was first brought in, flatlined on the table.” He must notice Sherlock’s stricken expression, because he hastens to add: “But we got him back, able to repair the damage to the inferior vena cava and control the internal bleeding.”
It had to be done.
“Anytime, John. Sleep now.”
“Boring. Solved. Owner stole it for the insurance money.”
John’s eyes snapped open to find Sherlock looking down at him, those eyes filled with both simmering desire and something else so potent, something so raw that John forgot how to breathe. Sherlock loved him, and was comforting him, protecting him, knowing that John needed this to reassure himself that Sherlock was here. Alive. Whole. His. Like letting John take his pulse, Sherlock was using his body to prove to him that he was not going anywhere. The thought was so powerful that John couldn’t stop his orgasm from crashing over him, his vision going white as he came, his release shooting hot and heavy between their joined bodies, Sherlock’s name falling from his lips.
Then there’s the wedding itself. Sherlock knows what he said in his toast. He knows that he told John right there how he felt, laid bare for the whole room to see. But John, beautifully unobservant John, didn’t see it for what it was. And by then, it was still too late. He and Mary were wed, man and wife, and no matter what Sherlock said, or desired, nothing would change that. It seems it is always too late for me, Sherlock thinks. I am always missing something, too slow.  And this time, it may have cost him everything. Perhaps Mycroft is right, caring is not an advantage. Sherlock wishes someone could explain it to his traitorous, newly healed heart.
“It’s alright. I shouldn’t have- It’ll be alright, I’ll…” John’s voice trailed off as he walked down the stairs, his tread heavy.
Sherlock  blanched and looked up. Sure enough, they were standing directly under the ominous plant. Sherlock wondered who placed that particular festive bauble there, as he certainly had nothing to do with it. Mrs. Hudson probably, he surmised, but when he looked back at John, he saw he was looking a bit sheepish.
How he had preened at such language. A delicate blush blooming in that beautiful face, as he knew the true meaning of my words. And how I would later tonight kiss each syllable into his flesh, inch by agonizing inch.
Sherlock paces the corridor in front of the operating theatre, thoughts racing through his head at a million miles a minute. Once again, he cannot stop himself from thinking that this is all his fault. If only he could have sussed her out earlier, found her secrets, he could have saved them all this pain, this trouble. That night he came back, he should have known. Why didn’t he listen to his instincts? Sherlock threads his hands through his curls and pulls, the pain helping to ground his thoughts. He needs to stay focused. Mary is dead. She cannot harm them any more. John, John is what matters, he is everything. If he survives, Sherlock promises that he will never do this again, run off without his blogger, his friend. His love?
“Hmm, well. It’s my turn now.” John maneuvers them, pushes Sherlock until his back slams against the sitting room wall. John bites down hard where Sherlock’s neck meets the shoulder, and worries the skin with his tongue, sucking a bruise into his pale flesh. Sherlock keens and tilts his head to the side to give John better access. He snakes his hands around John’s hips, grabbing his arse and pulling him flush against his pelvis, desperate to feel friction on his cock.
John sucks in a breath and looks down. Sherlock waits for the denials, the “we’re not a couple”,  “I’m not gay”, “he doesn’t feel things like that” to start. Nothing comes. John is staring at the floor, his shoulders hunched. He looks utterly defeated, and Sherlock’s heart breaks even more. God damn Mary.
“Yes, John, yes.” Sherlock practically yelled, not even sure what she was agreeing to just that she wanted it.
John shifted her body so that she was facing Sherlock, her hand lying palm up in the empty space between their bodies. Tentatively, Sherlock reached out and threaded her fingers through John’s. At the first press of that contact, John exhaled low and soft, and for the first time since Sherlock entered the room, a small smile was evident on her beautiful mouth.
John lets a secret slip...and Sherlock loses his mind.
John had trusted Sherlock, then. Trusted that Sherlock had some plan to resolve the whole issue, some idea that would punish Mary for what she had done. A week later, he’d realised how starkly he was mistaken, the moment that plane landed and he rushed on board. He had been happy, relieved, and ecstatic when that plane had turned around. John was convinced this was Mycroft’s doing, a hoax to get his brother out of his mission. John couldn’t care less at the moment, he was just glad Sherlock was not leaving him behind. He vowed in that moment to rush onto the plane and tell Sherlock that the deal was off and he was coming back to Baker Street.
“Scarf,” John whispers.
A slim hand breaks his gaze, the smell of nicotine and tar breaking through his haze of misery.
“M’glad you’re ok. Sorry.” John says faintly, and his eyes fall shut. Distantly, he can feel Sherlock press around him, huddle closer. He wants to move, to tell him it’ll be ok, he’s safe now, but he can’t lift his arms. Sherlock is muttering, whispering curses. John is fading, he’s pretty sure he’s slipping into a dream. It has to be a dream. The pain is nearly gone, his body numb. The feeling of being nestled in Sherlock’s arms, his lap, is pure bliss. If it is a dream, it’s the best he’s ever known, because he swears he just heard something he’d never imagined falling from Sherlock’s lips. He definitely knows he’s dying now. His brain is just trying to send him off with a beautiful image. His subconscious desires making themselves known in his last moments. He supposes he’ll accept. It’s not like Sherlock could ever really love him.
A continuation of sorts of chapter 7, Unspoken. But it stands alone too.
It becomes some sort of weird dance.  Each move like a push and pull moving them closer together, further apart, twisting and turning. Hands, feet, yellow, red, green, blue, each call a chance to take the final step and finish what has started between them. The air is charged and John aches to close the distance. Somewhere in the calls, he has ended up sprawled half over Sherlock, his leg tangled between both of Sherlock’s, his chest pressed to Sherlock’s back, reaching over him to keep his hand pressed to his own circle. John’s jumper has long been shed, and somehow Sherlock’s shirt has ridden up even further during the game. The smell of him, combined with the velvety feel of his skin has John half hard in his jeans. He’s about ready to forfeit the bloody game and press his lips to that alabaster skin.
Come visit me on
I am Snogbox1
. Or the water, or the mass amounts of boisterous youths prowling around that are truly the most annoying to Sherlock. No all those he could be given to tolerate. What is truly driving Sherlock out of his mind is John himself. The man simply insists upon stripping his clothes off and going swimming and leisurely lying in the sun. And every day, John’s skin is getting more and more tan, causing the sun to glisten off his body just so, and Sherlock is going out of his mind with a desire so strong it has completely caught him off guard. Day after day he sits in the chair under the umbrella reading the apiologist text he brought, and tries to keep his mind on bees. Instead it wanders to taut stomachs, lean backs, and a lush arse that frankly should be illegal. He’s trying to keep his desires under control, keep John from learning of his baser thoughts, but it is becoming increasingly difficult with the man in question looking so unrepentantly edible. So far the only things keeping him from making a complete fool of himself is the fact that John is blissfully unobservant, and that beach towels hide a multitude of sins, not the least of which are inconvenient erections.
“Oof”
“You killed for money!”
John laughs, placing his hands on his hips and standing up to glare at Sherlock. “Sherlock, you’re bored. You’ve been in a strop for four days now, and I’m tired of it.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck -” John groaned, releasing Sherlock’s sensitive flesh and wrapping the hand still warm with his release around his own cock. “You’re gorgeous, perfect -” John panted his fist moving faster over his length. It only took five or six more strokes before his orgasm barreled down on him, his release shooting over Sherlock’s pelvis, his stomach. He didn’t think he had ever seen a more gorgeous sight. “Christ.” With a groan, John collapsed boneless on top of Sherlock, his arms coming up to cradle his shoulders, Sherlock’s arms wrapping around his waist.
So now here he stood, violin in hand, taking requests from an increasingly drunken Greg. He would have called off hours ago, stalked to his room and shut out all the revelry, except for John. John had seen him glance longingly at the solitude of his bedroom, and stepped in close, pressing a goblet of mulled wine into his hands, his other hand resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock exhales a shaky breath, wiggling his hips and squeezing his thighs around John’s body, causing white hot desire to spike though John and pool in his belly. “God, Sherlock,” John moans, “Touch me, please.”
“I got the green curry you like,” he said, setting it down in front of Sherlock. “And I expect you to eat it, this time, no excuses.”
“Sometimes I want to lick you open, nice and slow, take my time and worship you. Eat you out until you scream.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, that’s hot,” John growls, releasing his hand from Sherlock’s hair and running it down his outer thigh, soothing him through his tremors.
John released his grip, his fingers lingering slightly longer before pulling completely away. “Oh, that’s- well. That’s fine.” He smiled up at Sherlock, but it held a sadness in it that hadn’t been present before.
---------
Mary’s laugh rings out across the empty space, cold and shrill. Sherlock hates her laugh, has always hated it. It never fails to send a cold chill down his spine, a tingle of fear and repulsion traveling in its wake. Was there ever any warmth in that laugh, in that woman? If there was, there certainly isn’t now. There is certainly nothing warm about the reptilian tilt of her head as she angles her gun at him, dressed for the occasion in her black assassin gear. Gear, he notes ruefully, that fits much better now that she’s shed the fake belly, the pregnancy just another ploy in her game.
Sherlock has to lean forward to hear, his ear nearly pressed to John’s lips. “Scarf.” He whips off his scarf, and presses firmly on the wound, trying to staunch the flow of blood seeping from John’s body. He shifts so he is sitting on the cold floor beside John, taking John’s head and cradling it in his lap.
“Yes.”
Sherlock  swallows hard as the sound of the shower starting kicks his fantasies into an even higher gear. Thoughts of John under the warm spray, sand and salt running off that tanned skin, down chiseled planes, muscular thighs. He is sure he has never been this aroused in his life. Something about the mix of sun and John is making Sherlock itch with desire, the pull getting stronger by the day. One part of his brain tells him he should cut this trip short before anything stupid happens on his part. While the other, baser, hidden part of his brain reminds him of that droplet and the trail down John’s body, and how easily Sherlock could mimic it, follow it with tongue and lips and teeth. The baser part is winning.
, and turned around, giving John a rather generous view of backside. “Good,” he called over his shoulder. “I like this song.”
John lets out a groan. “Sh’lock?” He whispers.
Then Sherlock is falling, falling from the sky like some dark angel, his coat billowing out like a storm cloud, too fast. John is trying to reach him, trying to stop him, trying to make him see. You're not a machine, Sherlock. Please don’t, please. Please don’t leave me….
“Yes, John?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but couldn’t help but smile. He liked Molly Hooper, his dance partner, currently dancing the Sugar Plum Fairy. Besides John, she was the closest thing he had to a true friend, which was good because he supposed anyone else would have killed him by now for his perfectionist ways.
“Mmm, quite. Fancy a shower? You still have more to show me after all.”
“I’m sick of being a pawn in everybody’s bloody games, Sherlock. Especially yours,” John snarls and sees Sherlock’s face crumble, just the tiniest bit. The facade cracking.
“I didn’t tell him,” Sherlock moaned, dropping his hands and looking up at her. “I said I was busy that night.”
The door opens and Dr Oberhauer peeks his head in, “I’m sorry Mr Holmes, time is up,” he says kindly. “You can visit again once he is in his room.”
Sherlock looked anywhere but at John, which in itself provided the answer. “Perhaps. And really, Amy, John? Why the need to shorten a perfectly good name, she’s Amelia for God’s sake -”
“Come, Watson!”
Sherlock gives him the look. “John. You have been visited by your dreams tonight, and you are apprehensive about going back to sleep. Additionally, you are concerned because you have to wake up in less than three hours to make it to the surgery. You know you sleep better in someone’s presence. Since Mary is gone and you are not dating, that leaves me. Obviously. Now do get comfortable, John. Or do you prefer to sleep sitting up?” He is going for impervious, but there is a slight wobble in his voice at the end of his speech, like he is expecting John to forcefully kick him out of his room.
John giggled, then sat up, looking at the mess between them. “Looks like we need a cleanup.”
“Come on, John,” he coaxes, before biting down.
John pulled back, and threaded both hands into Sherlock’s hair, staring intently into Sherlock’s eyes. He smirked, “You don’t know how long I’ve wanted to hear those words.”
Just those sounds were enough to make Sherlock’s breath come quicker and his cock start to thicken in his trousers. John pleasuring himself has come to inspire a matching need in Sherlock, one he has had to indulge more often as of late. Laying on his own bed, listening to the bedsprings from the floor above as he strokes himself firm and hard, imagining John above him. Or listening to the wet sounds of John in the shower, skin against skin, driving him on as he plunges slick fingers in his arse, rutting against the sheets, visions of John’s impressive cock driving into him, claiming him. Sherlock has to bite down on his pillow to keep from screaming John’s name as he comes, John’s answering groans echoing from one room away. John is always loud, louder than he realizes, but what Sherlock heard today had shaken him to the core.
A brush of John’s thumb across a peaked nipple had Sherlock’s back arching off the bed. John moved her thumb again, circling the nub lightly, before rolling it between thumb and forefinger, and Sherlock knew she had never before experienced anything so amazing. Molten fire raced through her veins, her mouth dropping open in breathless surprise as John lavished attention on each of her breasts in turn. Sherlock was breathing heavily, her hands gripping the bed, scrambling to hold on.  John hummed, bending her head to tentatively touch the tip of her tongue to the sensitive flesh. Sherlock was already hovering on the edge, but that press, just that tease, pushed her even closer to the precipice.
“Hmm? Why are you thanking me, Sherlock?”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock is panting against the side of his neck. “Now you,” he breathes, resuming his ministrations on John’s swollen cock.
“God, Sherlock, you’re gorgeous. You don’t know how long I have wanted, this, you.”
With Mycroft’s help, he tried. Tried to keep up appearances that everything was alright. Especially when the next blow came down. The baby was a fake. Surveillance photos delivered by Mycroft’s minions proved that. He was shattered at that point, ready to be done with the whole operation. Mycroft urged him to play along a little longer, said he was working to bring her to justice. John almost went to Baker Street then. He wanted to go to Sherlock, discuss the whole mess and ask, beg, Sherlock to help him. But in the end he’d trudged back home, resigned to wait. He couldn’t sit back and do nothing, however, especially when he figured out what Mary was planning, this meeting today. He had to be there, to put an end to things once and for all. He had no doubt that Mary would kill Sherlock, attempt to collect on the contract she believed was being called in since Moriarty was “alive.” He had to stop her. And when he found out that Mycroft had known about the meeting, had known because he had planned it with Sherlock himself, he saw red. The only thing he could think of was protecting that genius bastard so he could kill him himself.
If this was the first or second occurrence,
“Time for one last song everyone,” the DJ intones, “let’s make it a good one, yeah?”
Come visit me on
“Indeed.” Sherlock dips his head and captures John’s mouth again, licking inside and swallowing down the noises John is making. Slowly he begins to walk them backwards, kicking his shoes off on the way. John chuckles when his legs hit the bed, and he slowly turns them until it is Sherlock stretched out on his back, John standing between his thighs.
John swallowed. “Then you’ll never leave,” he whispered.
“To some people.”
Mycroft has the good grace to look sheepish. “Indeed,” he says before turning on his heel and striding away.
One minute. I’ve been in the air one minute. I can still see the city falling away as I climb higher, moving farther away from you. Are you still standing on the tarmac, I wonder? Or have you gotten back into the car? The both of you. Gotten back in, had the driver take you back to your cozy little flat in the suburbs. Back where you can live your lives together. Man and wife. Father and Mother. John and Mary. I wonder, if I hadn’t been sent away, would you have made room for me? Carved me a niche, a hole, in your cozy little existence? Allowed me some small fragment of you? Best man, best friend? Maybe more?
“Dammit Sherlock, where are you?” John swore, going to the window and looking out at Baker Street below.
In happiness.
John startles awake. It takes him a minute to realize where he is, and when he does he lets out a deep shuddering breath. And then another. Baker Street. The moonlight is filtering in through the open window of his upstairs bedroom, casting light on its familiar contours. John is sitting upright in the middle of his bed, fists clenched in the bed sheets, breathing hard. He tries to slow the pace of his breathing, do the exercises Ella once taught him, but it’s not working. Another shaky inhale and he buries his face in his hands.
John opens his eyes fully and takes stock of the room. There is a chair pulled up next to his bed, and several paper cups discarded on the table. It looks as if someone has been here recently, although he appears to be alone at the moment. He can’t help the overwhelming feeling of disappointment that floods him at that fact. So it was just a dream then. Because if Sherlock really had said what he thought he’d heard, he’d be here, wouldn’t he?
“Scarf,” John whispers.
Even now I wonder, did you feel it too? Did you wonder what we could be like? What would happen if one of us would take that step, bridge that gap? I imagined it happening in so many ways. Hot and hard, the blood pumping through us, surging with adrenaline fresh from a case. I’ve seen you in my mind up against the wall, shivering beneath my touch, and Christ the sounds I can imagine you making. There were nights, so many nights, Sherlock that I had to leave the flat for ‘air’ because my thoughts of you left me aching with need. And it felt so wrong somehow. I wanted you, but I knew you ‘
“I heard a noise, and wanted to ensure you were alright.”
Mary gloated then like the proverbial cat. “He probably wants to detox in peace, dear,” she’d crooned. John couldn’t answer her. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
Sherlock groaned, and John could feel his cock twitch where it lay trapped between their bodies. “Yes, that,” he breathed.
“Hey! None of that or I’ll toss you out!”
He speeds his movements a bit, adding a twist at the end that has him gasping. His other hand is caressing his skin, running over his chest, his stomach, rolling his nipples between his fingers and pulling. In his mind he can imagine John above him, his cock filling Sherlock’s mouth. He wants to learn every facet of John’s taste, hear every sound he can coax out of his lips. He wonders if John would want it softer, or if he’d take control, grab his hair and use his willing mouth, let Sherlock swallow him down. The thought pushes him closer to the edge, the familiar tightening building in his belly. He throws his head back and lets out a loud breathy moan, his hand tugging faster and harder along his length.
“John,” she cried, her hands instinctively coming up to tangle in John’s hair, silky blond strands sliding though her fingers.
“John --” Sherlock whispered before dipping his head and pressing his lips to John’s.
Sherlock could hear Greg laughing, Molly’s giggle joining in. “Come on,” Greg called again, “it’s tradition, it doesn’t mean anything, just kiss him.”
John was miserable. Those two months, he had heard nothing. John’s anger spikes anew just thinking about all the calls and texts he had sent. All of them unanswered. He lets his gaze sweep over Sherlock, taking notice of his pallor, trying to see the color in his eyes in the dim warehouse. John is pleased that he appears sober, but then again, looks can be deceiving. Sherlock glances up and meets his eyes, and there is a spike of longing that pierces through John’s chest. He has missed Sherlock, the two of them, against the world. And now here they are, united against one enemy, but still separated by a deep chasm of trust.
John looked into those pale eyes and he knew, suddenly what the answer was, what he wanted. “Sherlock, I’d like to stay for good. Forever, if you’ll have me.”
“Fuck yes.” John thrust his hips upward, and Sherlock gasped. In retaliation, Sherlock pulled almost all the way out then pushed back in slowly, expertly rolling his hips.
“Fuck, Sherlock, that’s it, fuck, fuck!” John yells as he comes, his release shooting between them and coating Sherlock’s stomach, making Sherlock groan in delight. John collapses on top of Sherlock, and Sherlock wraps his arms around him, kissing his cheek, his temple, any part he can reach. John’s weight feels fantastic and he never wants to move. He’s about to drift off, sated and happy when John shifts above him.
Sherlock’s answer is to tilt his head up and press his lips to John’s. The first press is light, a tentative brush of skin, and it sends a thrill through John’s body. He instantly wants more. He kisses him again, sucking that plush bottom lip between both of his own. Sherlock gasps and John presses in, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. The first touch of Sherlock’s tongue to John’s is like an electric current hardwired straight to his groin and he can’t suppress the moan that erupts from his mouth at the feeling.
Sherlock freezes, “Where?”
John groans and reaches for the lube they keep hidden in the sofa. “Since you asked so nicely.”
“Oh. We had our last practice today, I was surprised I didn’t see you.”
John smiled. “For as long as you want. Forever, if you let me.”
Sherlock gave a motion with his hand as if to say,
“Well, Mary. It seems the game is over,” Sherlock says.
Clearing his throat, he focused on the screen, telling John all about Clara and the clockmaker, and the gift of the Nutcracker. He told him about the Mouse King and the Land of Sweets and the beautiful Sugar Plum Fairy. He realized belatedly that he’d been talking for a while, and John hadn’t responded, and when he looked over, he discovered why. John was fast asleep, his head resting on the back of the couch and snoring lightly. Sherlock wanted to be angry, but he couldn’t help but think that a sleeping John was one of the most adorable things he’d ever seen. He’d shut the TV off, tucked the blanket more firmly around John, and slipped off to his own room.
John comes home to Sherlock...
John sighs and closes his eyes, and for the first time that night, the offending images are completely silent. He holds onto his lifeline, and finally he sleeps.
“John approached me not long after the Magnussen affair,” Mycroft begins, twirling the handle of his umbrella in his hands. “He was upset by what he had found on the memory stick.”
Sherlock knows John has likely been rushed to the operating theatre. He remembers well enough his experience with a similar wound. Not that he was awake for his ordeal, but he can piece it together from what he had heard from others when he awoke. Operating table, flatlined, asystole.  Internal bleeding, damaged liver. Punctured vena cava. He’s hoping John has fared a bit better, but if he’s honest with himself he isn’t holding out much hope. He can remember the feel of the heartbeat slowing beneath his fingertips not long ago. Please, god, let him live.
“No, before that. You said ‘you didn’t want it to happen like that’. Want what to happen?”
John pulls back, waiting until Sherlock lowers his head to look him in the eye. “It’s always you, Sherlock.” He trails one hand down Sherlock’s neck, down his chest, swirling his pointer finger around the hardened nub of Sherlock’s nipple through his shirt. “I didn’t think you -”
“Better?” he breathed out, bending his head to capture John’s lips as he set a steady rhythm. For his part John was beyond speech, his entire focus narrowed to the feeling of Sherlock inside him. He hitched his legs higher on Sherlock’s waist, changing the angle slightly which caused Sherlock to hit his prostate on every thrust.
“I heard you say my name,” he growls, before stepping into the room and slamming the door behind him.
Sherlock lets out a low groan, his hands grabbing at John’s back, his hips, struggling to bring him closer. “That was, ah, rather the point,” he pants.
“Eager, darling?” He teased, trailing feather soft lips up the back of Sherlock’s thigh, pressing hints of kisses to each arse cheek in turn. Sherlock responded beautifully, his hips rolling, chasing John, seeking contact, seeking more. John kneaded and squeezed, spreading Sherlock open, his mouth moving closer to Sherlock’s hole, inch by agonizing inch.
“John Hamish Watson. It’s always something,” he mumbled.
“It’s called cheating, Sherlock.”
At the word ‘experiment’, Sherlock picked her head up, meeting John’s eyes, heavy-lidded and dark, fogged over with desire. For her. And a tiny hope blossomed that this was not going to be just a one-time thing.
The sound of a body hitting the ground is a horrible thing. It’s not quite a thud like you hear in the movies. It’s the sudden and complete stop of a living thing being hurled at great force. It’s going to make more than a thud. Whatever sound it makes, John will never forget the time Sherlock’s body made it.
“Don’t know, pain…”
“God, yes, Sherlock,” John breathed. Like he’d deny Sherlock anything.
Sherlock opens his eyes to find John’s blue ones smiling and mischievous above him. He chuckles, tracing his finger across John’s eyebrow. “I see. And which time was better?”
He turned to put his violin back in his case, listening to the roar of “Oh’s” and “Aw, c’mon mate’s,” from the others in the room. But it was John’s face that stuck in his mind. He seemed almost disappointed.
John’s whole body is trembling, his cock thick and pulsing against his belly, and any pretense of a quick shower is long since forgotten. Its fantastic, and hot as hell, and not fucking enough.
He opened his eyes again to find John’s hot on his, heavy lidded and smouldering. Sherlock pulled his thumb out of his mouth with an obscene pop, and John’s eyes narrowed further, his breathing heavy. As if a switch was flipped, John attacked his mouth, sucking on Sherlock’s lips, his tongue. He pushed Sherlock fully down on the bed, and settled on top of him, once again bringing their erections together. Sherlock could only hang on for the ride as John undid the fastenings to his trousers, lifting his hips enough so John could pull them down and free his cock. John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s penis and Sherlock cried out, arching up into John’s hand, the pleasure too much to bear.
“Oh.” John turned to look at Sherlock, rubbing the back of his neck. “I’m just used to having you around, I guess. There was no one to scream at the telly.”
Sometimes I think you would have stayed. There were times when your eyes blazed hot at me,
Sherlock slowly pulled out then sank back in, causing both men to groan at the sensation. He set a steady pace, rolling his hips, working slowly to take John apart. As their bodies rolled into one another’s, Sherlock pressed kisses to John’s lips, his jaw, his neck. Sherlock shifted his hips slightly, changing the angle, and John moaned loudly as Sherlock’s cock brushed his prostate on every stroke. John could feel his orgasm building, his muscles tightening as the pressure built deep in his belly. He hitched his legs higher around Sherlock’s hips, meeting him thrust for thrust, reaching his hands down to grab his arse and pull him deeper. Sherlock complied, grabbing onto the pillow by John’s head and rocking harder into his body. John was close, but he needed just a bit more to push him over that threshold. Sherlock, seeming to read his mind, or his body, snaked his other hand between them, stroking John in time with the motion of their hips.
Sherlock appears to read his mind. Without warning or discussion, he lifts the covers and crawls beneath them, stretching out on his side, facing John.
“Well. No one anticipated Jim sending his second to play housewife. How was it? You must have been dreadfully bored, playing the doctor’s wife. Tell me, did you ever love John?”
“For you? Always.”
“Obviously. I am asking for the status.”
“Shut up, Sherlock! We aren’t doing this your way. Not anymore,” John says, fixing Sherlock with an icy stare, his blue eyes cold. “I listened to you last time, and watched you almost get sent away, for her. And then, I get shut out for my pains. So no. This time, I’m doing things my way.”
“What are we watching?” John asked, lifting up a corner of the blanket and offering it to Sherlock.
When it becomes too much, he gently pulls on John’s shoulder, dragging him upwards and capturing his mouth in a filthy, wet kiss. He can taste himself and it makes him moan, sucking harder on John’s tongue where it rubs against his own. John is still pumping at his own cock, his hips giving minute thrusts. Sherlock snakes his hand between them and entwines his fingers with John’s and together they work his cock, faster and harder. John breaks away from the kiss, and Sherlock licks down his neck, sucking hard on a pulse point.
John plopped the bags down on the table, and started opening the containers.
John placed his hands on the side of Sherlock’s face, “Sherlock, love, if you don’t want to-”
Sherlock had a list too
John paused beside the sofa, drinking his fill of the vision in front of him. While Sherlock was absorbed, John would frequently do this, study and admire each glorious inch, let his eyes rove over lips and cheeks, delicious collar bones, miles of leg, and long, slender shapely hands and feet. He contemplated the feast laid out, pondering just where to start. He decided to start easy. Best not to startle Sherlock and end up with a broken nose, after all.
“Indeed.”
“I didn’t,” he mumbled.
, and I knew it could never be. At least that’s what I told myself.
The last image pushes John over the edge, with a loud cry he thrusts hard into his fist, his release spurting hot onto his belly, his whole body quivering with pleasure as the aftershocks race through him. Slowly he comes back down to earth, his breath slowing, every muscle in his body feeling as if he has run a marathon. He reaches over the side of the bed to grab his discarded pants and clean up, before deciding it is a lost cause and he is better off showering instead, the mix of come and lube too much. He climbs out of bed and throws on a pair of clean pants, all the while hoping that Sherlock really was out of the flat.
“I just don’t get it, what does he see in him?”
“Jesus, Sherlock. Why didn’t you just tell me?”
I can still see her. Her coat is the color of the fire that dances in my veins when I look at you. It is like a taunting reminder of unquenched desire. At least for me. I don’t like her, John. Would that surprise you, I wonder? I suppose it’s not a stretch. It’s hard to retain warm regards for one that has seeked your end through an assasin’s means. But before that. I didn’t. I don’t. I never have. I can see it; If you were here you would ask why? Why’d I plan the bloody wedding with her, for her, if I didn’t like her. Why’d I shoot Magnussen for her? And I, would as ever, be impressed with your ability to see, but not observe. For her? John. Never. For you? Always. Always you. By now you must know. You must. Do you?
John squeezed Sherlock tighter. There would be time in the morning for conversation, time for John to tell Sherlock that he was truly the one who was thankful. To tell him that couldn’t imagine a better parent for Amelia. To tell him that he was loved, well, and truly. But for now, there was time for this. Time for the feel of this man underneath his fingers, his heart beating against John’s chest. Yes, John didn’t know what to expect when he came back to Baker Street, but he’s glad it was better than he imagined.
“No!” John shouts pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “No. I’ve had enough of your lies. Let someone else try,” he says pointing at Mary. “Go on.”
“I’m sorry?” The assistant snaps her head up, looking at Sherlock with a horrified expression. “My what?”
Sherlock nodded again, his eyes fluttering closed as their mouths met in a simple slide of lips. Sherlock sighed inside their kiss, his arms coming up to wrap around John’s shoulders. John broke away smiling. This was definitely worth the mess that surrounded them.
“Why?” John chokes out, turning his gaze back to Mary.
John tries again to wake up, push away the lingering fog and find out what’s real. In his mind he’s crawling, scrambling to surface, but his fatigue is too great, too strong. It’s not a fight he can win. He decides to just give in to the dream he’s woven for himself. Besides, it’s a lovely dream.
John decides to have pity, Sherlock looks so small, waiting for John’s answer.
John leaned up on his toes and pressed kisses to Sherlock’s cheekbones, first one then the other. “I’d be honoured to. But after, I’m going to take you back to the flat for a true celebration.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck, fuck,” John cries as he comes, his release spurting over his fingers to land on Sherlock’s softening prick, his pelvis.
“Mine,” John breathes, amazed at the possessiveness and pride he feels at the physical manifestations of his claim.
“Good,” John smiled. And winked before moving back to play host to the arriving guests. Sherlock was flabbergasted. John winked. He winked. At him. However, he had only a short time to contemplate the meaning behind the gesture before he was being drawn into the party.
“Molly!”
“You shot Sherlock. You killed- why? How? How could you do that to him? To me?” John’s voice is so quiet, it is hard to make out in the empty space. “You never answered me, Mary. Why?”
John pulls off. Sherlock is breathing hard, and his legs are threatening to give out. “Yeah, love, I know. Strip.” John orders, standing up and removing his own jeans.
The program started and Sherlock held his breath, waiting to see how John would react.
John and Mary are not paying any attention to him, locked in an escalating war of words, so Sherlock slips his hand inside his coat pocket to where his cell phone is hidden, sending a quick text to Mycroft.
“Ha!” John exclaims, “No way. Never again.”
“I am sorry. Tell him, would you.”
“Take off your clothes, I want to see you.”
“Yes, Sherlock, you’re beautiful, amazing. Come for me, love,” John soothed him, brushing the sweaty fringe from Sherlock’s forehead.
. It was John’s. It was his essence, his permanence in the flat, in the home he shared with Sherlock. It was his place of being, of belonging. Even after two years away, Sherlock could still smell John on the fabric. The faintest trace of his shampoo leaching into the upholstery, a whiff of gun oil on the Union Jack pillow. On days when the loneliness became too much to bear, when the voices wouldn’t quiet, Sherlock would curl his long legs into that chair and inhale, and suddenly he could think again.
“It’s your move,” Sherlock whispers. They are so close John can feel Sherlock’s breath gust on his face and the warmth makes his eyes snap open, locking onto Sherlock’s. John’s tongue darts out to wet his lower lip. Sherlock’s eyes trace the movement before flashing back upwards and John doesn’t need the plastic spinner to tell him what his next move should be.
Sherlock pulled off, and removed his fingers, leaving John feeling strangely empty. Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand he crawled up John’s body, settling between his spread thighs. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him down, nipping and sucking at his lips, as Sherlock snaked a hand between them to slick up his own cock.
From the Journal of JHW
“I’m here, John,” he whispers.
“Oh.” And the hope was gone, replaced with the bitterness of disappointment and a touch of jealousy, if he had to name it. “So you were hoping to catch someone under that spot. Molly, I suppose? Or was it the DI? Funny, I didn’t think Geoff was your type, but no matter. Sorry you had to suffer with me.” Sherlock pulled his legs up tighter under him and turned his face away from John’s. So it was just a trick. And it wasn’t even meant for him.
He’ll what, Sherlock wondered. And why did he sound so sad? Why was he so upset over a silly tradition? Like Greg had said, it didn’t mean anything. Did it? Only Sherlock wanted it to mean something. He wanted John to kiss him for real. Not for some stupid party trick because some plant was hanging over an arbitrary spot. He should be grateful he got the chance he did. He should be thanking whoever hung that in the flat for the chance to feel John’s lips against his, if only the once. But he didn’t have any room in his heart right now to be grateful. How would he continue on now, keep his feelings under control, now that he knew that yes, John’s lips were as soft as they looked. And now that he’s had a taste, how would he keep himself from craving more? More John? It’s impossible, and all he’d worked to preserve, lost, due to a stupid trick.
“John, I -”
“It’s 4 am Sherlock, I’m going to sleep,” John said, climbing into the ridiculously posh bed.
Food no longer a hazard to consume.
Sherlock is about to respond, but can only manage a long moan as John bends and takes the head of his cock into his mouth. He rocks his pelvis upwards, but John lays an arm across his hips to hold him down, pressing his tongue to the frenulum and wrapping his other hand around the base. John sets a slow pace, deliberate licks to the head then firmer sucks as he bobs along his length. It’s driving Sherlock crazy. His hands are fisted in the sheets, his thighs trembling where they are pressed against John’s head, the need to thrust overwhelming.
To test the waters, Sherlock had suggested a movie night, to which John readily agreed. Sherlock had queued the ballet on the telly and plopped down next to John on the sofa.
Sherlock gave a tight laugh. In his opinion, that pretty much answered his question. But then John, lovely John, had surprised him.
Sherlock gave a full body shiver, exhaling on a shaky moan. John sat back to watch the expressions play out over Sherlock’s face. Sherlock’s eyes were dark and hungry, but there was a wariness there too, a bit of apprehension, that John wanted to ease away. They hadn’t done this much, but when they had, it had been enjoyable for both parties. More than enjoyable, in fact. But every time, Sherlock was wary. But tonight, John needed this. Needed to feel Sherlock surrounding him. On him, in him.
“Christ.” Just the thought of that mouth makes his cock twitch. John tries to ignore it, but his traitorous mind helpfully supplies several activities for that mouth, and like that, John knows he has lost the fight. He snakes his hand under the waistband of his pyjamas and wraps his fist around his straining erection.  He gives a couple of firm strokes, running his thumb across the slit and spreading the wetness he finds there to increase the slide. It is not nearly enough, what he wants is to bury himself in warm, lush heat. Wants to grab a hold of silky curls, while that clever tongue is occupied with his pleasure. It’s a hopeless fantasy, John knows. Doesn’t mean he can’t indulge in it.
The first text pings his phone as he’s starting the timer, but he ignores it, the reaction he is studying extremely sensitive and he cannot afford to break concentration. The next two come in just after the results are recorded, but still he ignores them, most likely they are from John, reminding him to clean up his mess or something equally droll.
“I’m - I’m fine.” Sherlock chokes out, swallowing around the sudden lump in his throat. He grips the book tighter in his lap, trying to block his sudden erection from view.
He was so absorbed, he didn’t hear John enter, didn’t even register his presence, until he felt his feet being lifted, and a warmth enveloping itself around his ankle. John. John’s hand. He opened his eyes to find John looking down at him, amused half smile playing on his lips.
She dipped her head down again,  her mouth working on Sherlock’s pussy, licking and sucking at her clit, as her other hand grasped at Sherlock’s hip holding her in place. Sherlock was shaking, her orgasm washing over her, each press of John’s tongue pushing her ever closer. John, reading her body, sucked harder, her tongue rubbing faster on her clit, and Sherlock came apart, her orgasm crashing over her, wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her veins.
Sherlock watches rapt as John dries his hair, his mouth watering as he watches one drop of water make its way from John’s shoulder, over his nipple, down that broad chest, and settle in his navel. He aches with the desire to drop to his knees in front of John, trace the trail of that drop with his tongue, lick it off his skin. He longs to learn John’s taste mixed with sun, sweat and sand. Sherlock bites down hard on his lower lip, but not before a sound, that was decidedly not a whimper, escapes from his mouth.
Big thank you to Ariane DeVere's
“John,” Sherlock whispered when they parted again, “I have to make an appearance at the party. But I was hoping, well, would you accompany me, as my date, perhaps?”
. “John. Know that I - I love you. And I promise, I’ll never leave you again. Unless you ask it of me.”
John’s resolve snapped. The knowledge that Sherlock obviously wanted him was enough to let him act on at least one of his many fantasies. Turning his head to the side, he pressed a sloppy open mouthed kiss to the part of Sherlock’s neck he could reach, his tongue coming out to lap at that alabaster skin. Sherlock melted into John, angling his head to give him room, and pushing his straining member further into John’s hand.
John can’t help but laugh. Sherlock looks so exasperated at the thought of someone putting little red pegs in his perfect grey ships. It’s actually kind of adorable, and infuriating, trying to play games with Sherlock sometimes. The man absolutely refuses to lose. He will find any and all ways to go around, over, or bloody through the rules of any game. That’s why John decided on Twister. No chance of cheating in this one.
John loves rainy days.
Sherlock is about to launch into his own attack when he hears the sound of the outer warehouse doors being breached. Thank god, Mycroft, finally.
John ran his tongue over the mark he’d left before continuing. “I have dreams about your arse. Did you know? Before we were together I was terrified you’d catch me looking at it. Wondering what it’d feel like under my hands, pressed up against me. What it would taste like. Oh god Sherlock, sometimes…” John sucked hard on Sherlock’s jaw, moved up to nibble his ear again. He pitched his voice low, whispering his deepest fantasies directly into Sherlock’s skin.
“Impatient?”
John bounded up the seventeen steps to the flat, angrily stomping his way into the door, and flinging his sodden coat onto the floor. He’d deal with that another time. Right now-
“Jesus, Sherlock, you’re beautiful. I need to touch you. Please can I touch you?”
John leaned down and trailed kisses along Sherlock’s jaw until he got to Sherlock’s ear, sucking and nipping at the lobe. He swirled his tongue around then pitched his voice deliberately low and whispered, “Should I tell you how I’ve dreamed of that pale skin, flush in desire? Or how I’ve wondered if the skin on your neck will bruise a different color than than your inner thighs when I suck marks into your flesh? Or what sounds you’d make with that sinful voice as I suck you down and learn the taste of you? Or what that mouth would feel like wrapped around my cock, as I take my own pleasure from your lips? Hmm?” He pressed a his lips to Sherlock’s neck, chasing a pulse point. “What do you want me to show you first?”
Sherlock looks up at his brother, his eyes blurry with tears. “Mary?”
“You amazing creature. Tell me, what about you, hmm?” John noses his way down Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard at the junction of his shoulder, and Sherlock lets out a whine, his fingers gripping hard against John’s biceps, back, anything in reach.
And its fine. It’s all fine. Because they don’t understand. All those people don’t see what he does, what he has always seen. Everyone has always refused to look beyond the carefully crafted facade that Sherlock presents to the world. The untouchable sociopath, the annoying arsehole. And it’s true. Sherlock is a dick. Unabashedly and unashamedly. But only to those who truly deserve it. Idiots, bastards, and meddling prats. Outside of 221B, the Work is what captivates Sherlock, and all else need not apply. That is the side most of the world sees. All business Sherlock.
John drifts in and out of consciousness, trying to hold on to the image in his mind of Sherlock leaning over him, concern and care evident in those features. As he’s jostled into the ambulance, the paramedics working over his injury, he briefly wonders where Sherlock is. His last conscious thoughts are pondering why Sherlock isn’t with him before the last wave of darkness comes crashing over him, pulling him down into its depths.
“You prefer something else? Sweetheart, honey, baby?” John asks, smirking up at Sherlock. He knows what he’s getting at, but he’ll be damned if he’ll make it easy for him.
The morning sun was coming in at a wrong angle. Sherlock couldn’t place why for the longest moment, or why she was so delightfully warm, until she opened her eyes and tried to roll over. And suddenly felt the weight of John’s body against her own. Somewhere in the night, she had drifted closer, and the two of them were now nestled together in the middle of the bed, limbs tangled together. John’s arm was thrown over Sherlock’s hip, her face pressed into her neck. Sherlock could feel each warm breath as John exhaled,  each one sending a shiver down her spine.
Sherlock seemed to understand, his arms coming up to press between John and the mattress, his large hands wrapping around John, comforting touches. He pressed tiny kisses to John’s jaw and neck. “I’m here. Whatever you need, John. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Upstairs?” John pressed the question into Sherlock’s skin, his hands digging harder into those sharp hips.
“I’m sorry?”
Sherlock snaps his head up, fixing John with his stare. John sucks in a breath. There is a flush on those impossible cheekbones that John is willing to bet has nothing to do with the weather, and his eyes are hot and dark with desire where they track John into his room. John instinctively wets his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s eyes trace the movement before moving back upwards.
“It’s fine, Sherlock. It’s all fine.” He smiled then, but it held none of it’s usual joy in it. It was sad, and a bit wistful, and something in Sherlock’s chest cracked right down the middle.
“It's just a magic trick...Goodbye, John.”
“Sherlock,” he calls softly, “I know you're there. Come in.”
“Anything?”
But then Sherlock met John. A beautiful dichotomy of a man John Watson is. He is one who can flow with the energy Sherlock creates, but also knows the value in slowing things down, cherishing the moment. A man quick to anger, but just as quick to laughter. From the moment they met, John is the one person who both challenged Sherlock and quieted him, someone worth slowing down for.  That is not to say that Sherlock is not still restless, not still a whirling ball of fire his body struggles to maintain, but rather that he takes the time now to appreciate things he missed before. And John is teaching him other things as well. The meaning of many words he’d long since forgotten he had a use for.
Five minutes. Hope is soaring in my chest. Dare I to hope? Five minutes and my execution has been stayed. Yes, the plane is turning around and we are returning to the airfield. Back to London. Back to you. To you, dear John.
“John,” Sherlock whimpered, resting his forehead against John’s.
“You git. You forfeited!” John laughs, standing up and pulling Sherlock toward the bathroom.
Mycroft sighs, “He wanted out of his marriage. He wanted revenge, Sherlock. He was angry at her for having shot you. And quite unhappy over the other...assignments, on her record.”
He settled for tasting it.
“Just because some of us have a love life. Speaking of which, how is yours coming along? How is John? Have you told him yet?”
John Watson stood outside his door, looking fantastic in a freshly pressed pair of tan trousers and a blue button down.  John smiled, bringing his hand from around his back, and revealing a single red rose.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
Come find me on my tumblr
“Mm, gorgeous,” John repeated, fingers tracing softly up the inside of Sherlock’s other thigh. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, long and lean like the man himself, and Sherlock bucked again as John wrapped his lips softly around the tip, in the smallest approximation of a kiss.
I don’t regret it. I don’t. I’d give my life a thousand times over if it meant you could live yours. Because of the two of us, it’s always been you. You have made this worthwhile. Made me realize that there is more to life than puzzles and mysteries, murder and death. That there is life and warmth. Smiles and tea. Crap telly and warm jumpers and looks that linger too long. That eyes can shine and people can conduct a light so luminent it rivals the sun. You have made me realize I have a heart, John. And with that, knowledge that a heartbreak, metaphorical as it may be, can still physically ache.
Sometimes Sherlock wished it was different. He wished he could just tell him the truth. He’d been to more rugby practices and matches than he could count, always there to cheer John on, no matter what. Even though he knew absolutely nothing about the sport, he knew he enjoyed watching John play. Watching John in action, in those damned shorts, was enough to inspire a healthy interest in an otherwise tedious pastime. He wondered sometimes if John would extend the same courtesy to him, support him as a friend, no matter what his personal opinion on the art may be. But those old fears, old demons, were hard to stifle.
“Jesus, Sherlock, you can’t just-” John stopped suddenly, dropping her head to her bent knees as a shudder passed through her, causing her to curl up further into herself.
“How can you possibly know that?”
John growled and pressed his hips forward, filling Sherlock’s hand with his length, subtly flicking his hips. Sherlock trailed his fingers upwards, lightly tracing the outline of his length through the material before deftly undoing John’s flies enough to slip his hand in and grasp John’s cock. John gasped and bucked his hips, reaching behind Sherlock to brace himself on the headboard. The angle was all wrong, but Sherlock couldn’t care less, it was enough he was touching John. He ran his thumb through the slit, wiping away the bead of pre-come gathered there. He couldn’t resist a moment longer, he pulled his hand out of John’s pants, and sucked his thumb into his mouth, closing his eyes and moaning at the musky taste of John.
“Sherlock!”
(See the end of the chapter for
John sucked in a breath, eyes darkening. “Oh god, yes.”
The night is winding down. Most of the guests have already stumbled off somewhere, back home, or, a few, to dark alcoves with some willing partner they’ve pulled for the evening.  Speeches have been given, cake has been cut, and the newlyweds are nestled together at the head table.
John can tell Sherlock is getting close, his hips are increasingly erratic in their movement, and John wants to tip him over the edge. The thought of Sherlock’s come on his arse, his skin, sending sparks shooting through his body. He threads his fingers tighter through Sherlock’s hair and pulls hard, while grinding down on his cock.
“Look who’s talking,” he says, “you’re gorgeous.”
Whole.
“Well,” Molly smiled, “Greg just happens to be John’s teammate, and he says John has mentioned a certain someone he’s been trying to make a move on. A certain brilliant someone, with dark curly hair and piercing green eyes.”
“John?” Sherlock is biting his lip, an uncertainty burning in those beautiful eyes, and John wants nothing more than to take that away, to show him how very much he is wanted. And loved.
Sherlock pushed down John’s jeans and pants until John’s cock was free, and both men moaned as their naked lengths rubbed together, rutting against one another. Sherlock was frantic for more, he reached between them and took them both in hand, rolling his hips harder against John’s.
“You said my name,” he whispers before closing the distance and pressing his lips to John’s. Considering the situation they find themselves in, the kiss is comical in its chasteness. Just a press of lips, Sherlock’s hands grasping John’s shoulders lightly. For a second, John freezes under his lips, and Sherlock thinks he’s made a big mistake. Maybe John prefers to keep things in the realm of fantasy, preferring not to cross the line. He starts to pull back, to retreat, when suddenly it is as if a switch is flipped. John fists his hands in Sherlock’s hair, scratching his scalp lightly, and Sherlock gasps, opening his mouth to allow John’s tongue to sweep inside. Sherlock moans, grabbing onto John’s biceps, as the kiss turns hot and wet, their tongues sliding against one another’s.
“Sleep, Sherlock. I’ll wake you when we arrive.” I press a small kiss, just a brush of my lips across his brow, and he nestles closer, wrapping his hand around mine.
“And what happened at the docks?”
John lets out a groan, opening his eyes just barely. “Sh’lock?” He whispers.
Sherlock tucked her right hand up under her head and took the rare chance to look her fill at her blogger and friend. During the day, she couldn’t dare let her gaze linger too long, lest John learn the true nature of her feelings. Now, with John asleep, it was safe, she could look and watch without any fear. Sherlock let her eyes travel over John’s quiet form. If possible, she looked even more beautiful like this, relaxed and at peace, the usual frown of worry gone from her lovely face. Sherlock wanted to touch, to stroke her jaw, her shoulders, trail her fingers down that smooth flesh and feel all the mottles and softness. Fighting that urge caused her to dig her nails into her own palms, the pain a stabilizing force, keeping her from doing something colossally stupid. Like pressing her lips to that same skin, or attempting to learn what John’s lips felt like under her own. Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to regain control over her rapidly-beating heart. Sleep. She needed sleep. Sherlock closed her eyes, and willed herself into slumber.
“Oh fuck, oh Christ,” John panted, fucking his fist in earnest, as he crouched over Sherlock’s prone form. Five or six more strokes had him at the edge, and he cried out Sherlock’s name as he came, his come painting stripes on that glorious arse.
John tries to motion with his right hand towards his torso, but at that moment, he seizes up, back arching, as a great cry bubbles from his lips. Sherlock grabs the lapels of John’s jacket, ripping open the buttons in his haste to see what is causing this reaction. He throws the jacket away from John’s body, straining his eyes to see any injuries. What he sees causes his blood to run cold.  Spreading outwards at an alarming rate, a dark vivid stain is creeping across John’s chest. Sherlock reaches down and begins unbuttoning John’s cardigan, his shirt, all the while trying to stop his hands from trembling. Parting the sides of John’s clothing with great care, he sees the wound. Ironically, it is in near the same spot he carries his own. How fitting, she shot them both in the heart.
Sherlock hurried to comply, settling himself on his front, legs bent underneath him, arms stretched over his head,  which put his arse on beautiful display. John settled behind him. He ran his hands soothingly up the back of creamy thighs, over that lush backside, squeezing. “Have you ever…” he asked.
, he thinks, as John tilts his head up, brushing his lips across Sherlock’s.
The silence stretched into minutes before Sherlock finally answered. “I know what you’re thinking. I didn’t. I came close. I walked some old routes, trying to clear the image of you, your blood, everything from my mind. The only thing I could think about was ‘what if it had been worse?’ John I -- I promised you when we started this that I’d never leave you again, but we never talked about you leaving. I can’t go back to life without you in it.”
That flash drive. The one she told him not to read. The one he told Sherlock he threw in the fire at the Holmes’ at Christmas. The one the contents of which Sherlock is convinced he knows nothing. But oh, he does. He wishes he didn’t. Had just taken Sherlock at his word and trusted him, but he had to know. So he’d made a copy and sat on it. It felt like a lead weight in his pocket until, one week after the tarmac, he poured himself some liquid courage and read it. It had made his skin crawl. He already knew he could never forgive her for shooting Sherlock, but after what he saw, he could barely contain his disgust. Mary, the safe choice. How wrong he’d been.
“Fuck, Sherlock, so good,” he panted, threading his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and pulling lightly. Sherlock moaned around his cock, sending delicious vibrations through him which nearly brought John to the brink right then. Sherlock sank down further, taking John’s length as far as he could, his tongue rubbing along the underside. He hollowed his cheeks and sucked, pulling off to tongue at the slit. John tried to contain the noises he made, but it was fruitless, Sherlock’s mouth was exquisite.
“Now love,” John pants, “move for me.”
John lifted her head, reaching for Sherlock’s hand and threading their fingers together. “It’s ok, I’ve got you. Let me take care of you.”
“Sleep now, John. I’ll be here when you wake.”
Sherlock isn’t sure how long he sat there after Molly left. Thoughts of John and the night before kept playing in his mind. John’s fingers on his skin, John’s earnest face as he’d asked him to the show, the sad smile and pain-filled eyes as he left. He should tell him. He should. But then thoughts of other past friendships came to mind. Victor and Seb, taunting him, pushing him, setting fire to his ballet slippers, chants of “freak” echoing in his brain. Bloody noses and fingers, tears and heartbreak.
“No touching, Sherlock,” John growls, circling his finger around Sherlock’s entrance, slick with his saliva.
Sherlock tries to get his attention, but John is having none of it. “No!” John shouts pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “No. I’ve had enough of your lies. Let someone else try,” he says pointing at Mary. “Go on.”
“What?” John asked
“No! John, I can’t do this without you. You mean so much - I never told you. I should have told you.”
Tonight Sherlock was exhausted. He was laying on the couch, half asleep and half ensconced in his mind palace, mentally going over his routine. Opening night was in two days, and tomorrow was dress rehearsals, the last day to get everything perfect.
He racked his brain to come up with a clever lie. He couldn’t tell him where he’d really been, in the dance studio rehearsing for the upcoming production of the Nutcracker. He’d landed the lead spot this year, and rehearsals were demanding. With one week to go, Sherlock knew his time would only be more forfeit, and while he was thrilled to have the role, he was loathe to miss out on any time spent with John.
Sherlock hummed, moving to cup John’s face in his hands. “John, I can’t lose you. Tonight, I was afraid --”
“I believe it’s my go. Your next command?” Sherlock asks. John pulls his gaze away from the expanse of thigh in front of him, trailing his eyes up Sherlock’s lean frame to his face. He reaches out and spins the disk and gives Sherlock the next move, and doesn’t miss the ripple that goes down that body at his words. Left hand yellow, and they are both crouched, firmly in one another’s space now.
Sherlock chose that moment to subtly twist his wrist and crook his fingers ever so slightly, and it took every thing John had not to come immediately as his prostate was brushed. Sherlock did it again, and John knew he couldn’t wait any longer.
There is a part of John that wants to go to him, wrap his arms around him and tell him that he’s here to protect him. To ensure that he will be safe, and that they meet each new challenge as a team. But a larger part of John is angry. So angry at the web of lies his life has become these past couple years. Lies spun not only from Mary and Sherlock’s lips, but from his own.
John looked up and caught Sherlock watching him, and Sherlock flushed, embarrassed to be caught out. John smiled and inched his fingers a bit higher, pressing harder, almost in an approximation of a massage. Sherlock had to bite his lower lip to keep from making an embarrassing sound at just how good it felt to have John’s hands on him. His legs and feet really were quite sore, and John’s touch was magic.
“Hi,” John said, gesturing towards the edge of the bed. “Can I?”
Sherlock clears his throat and begins to speak, but is cut off by John before he can even start.
“Mmm, so flimsy, these,” John says, and rolls his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s cock through the cotton. He works his mouth around the tip and sucks the length into his mouth, soaking the fabric with his saliva. Sherlock is trying to remain still, but the feeling of John’s mouth on his prick is hot and heavenly, even with the barrier. He rolls his hips forward, and John hums around him, the vibration pulsing through his cock and racing through his veins. John sucks harder, bobbing his head slightly, and it’s glorious, but not nearly enough, he needs more.
The slide was easier now, they were both close and leaking, the change in angle a delicious ecstasy.  Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to hold out much longer. He tightened his grip, and John’s rhythm faltered, he bit down hard on Sherlock’s collarbone as he came, his come spurting between them and coating Sherlock’s hand and belly.
he thinks,
Normally John wouldn’t be concerned, but they had just wrapped up a particularly harrowing case, and Sherlock had stretched himself to the limit, both physically and mentally. In the end, the child had been saved, the kidnapper captured, but in the course of the apprehension, John had been injured. It was just a minor wound, a slash to the upper thigh, but to look at Sherlock one would have thought John was dying. He’d never seen that look on the detective’s face before, a mix of fury and pain that struck John breathless.
“Next time?” She whispered, voice impossibly small.
I am Snogbox1
Sherlock was nearly panting now, his eyes wide as saucers and pupils dark. John let his gaze trail over the heaving chest, heated cheeks, Sherlock’s hands clenched on the window sill, and thought it was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Recognizing this moment for what it was, he decided to try one more idea.
Body parts no longer strewn about,
“What are the rules of this game?” Sherlock asks, the disdain evident on the word ‘game’.
But this time, the flesh is warm and pliant under his fingertips, the pulse jumping as he trails his digits over it. His eyes fly open to find Sherlock’s, soft and intent, watching him. Sherlock turns his wrist and grips John’s hand where it rests between them on the double bed, a shy smile lighting his features.
Sherlock and John just stood there, seemingly frozen. Sherlock was desperately trying to think of a way out of this. There was no way he could kiss John, even a small kiss, and not have him know immediately how he felt. Sherlock could lie, and fake and sham, but there was no way he could hide this.
“Don’t you dare. As a matter of fact,” Sherlock opened his eyes and shifted, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders and pulling. “Oomph. Lord you’re heavy,” he grunted as John’s full weight landed on top of him.
“What?”
John sucked in a shaky breath, leaning back up to watch Sherlock. He was rutting against the bed as he worked John open with his fingers, that mouth sliding up and down on his cock. “Jesus, Sherlock, my god.”
Sighing, he washed off his stage makeup and packed up his bag, schooling his features to go and join the cast. A knock on the door broke him from his thoughts. He must’ve been in here longer than he’d thought.
“Alone?” Sherlock called.
“Yeah?” John murmurs.
John smiled, crawling up Sherlock’s body and straddling her hips. She dipped her head, capturing Sherlock’s lips, tongue coming out to slide against Sherlock’s own. Sherlock could taste herself in John’s mouth, and it made her moan, the desire starting to build in her again. She slid her hands under John’s shirt, the feel of her skin intoxicating under her fingers. She’d never done this before, but suddenly she wanted to make John feel as incredible as she had. Sherlock pulled back, looking at John from under her lashes.
Hearing her disparage John makes anger flare white hot in his gut. This person, this psychopath, has no right to say anything about John Watson. John, brave, honest John, with his horrible taste in jumpers and his quick temper, his loyalty and laughter. So many complexities that Sherlock admires and on which he relies. This person who is supposed to be his wife can never understand him. Sherlock tempers his rage and remembers that it is John for whom he is doing this. After this, he will finally be safe. The last piece of Moriarty's network will be gone and finally they can relax.
“You were hurt tonight.”
Perhaps the tea would not have graced the floor
John looked up at him, his eyes tracing over Sherlock’s features. He must have decided something because finally he shrugged, then pressed his shoulders back and out, military stance. John stepped closer, reached his hands up to hold Sherlock’s face, his thumb brushing over one cheekbone. “Happy Christmas, Sherlock,” he whispered, then pressed his lips ever so lightly to Sherlock’s.
Inspired by
Sherlock is stalling for time. It is imperative Mary believes she has gotten away with everything, the only surefire way to ensure John’s safety. It’s a dangerous game, for Mary is an excellent shot, evidenced by the small scar he already bears, proof of her willingness to do whatever it takes to protect her lies. One of those lies was the root of this meeting, the contract she thinks she’s come to collect on; his death. Still Moriarty’s second after all this time. Sherlock knows he’s playing with a snake but he’s willing to do it, for one reason. For John.
Sherlock’s mouth is relentless, trailing open-mouthed kisses up John’s jaw to his ear and sucking on the earlobe. John groans and shifts his lower body slightly so he is lying fully between Sherlock’s spread thighs. The move brings their groins into alignment and both men moan with the sensation.
Come find me on my tumblr
“Sherlock-”
He knew, had known for some time if he was honest, that he was in love with John. Probably since the moment they met. He’d tried to deny it, lock it away and ignore it, but sometimes the rush of affection for this man was too great, and Sherlock was overcome. Since the whole Mary affair was over and John was back home, the moments had become more frequent, and Sherlock was terrified something would crack, he would show his hand, and John would leave, unable to take the inevitable strain on their friendship. So far, he’d kept it mostly under control. But lately he couldn’t contain the thoughts that had come unbidden to him. Thoughts of John. John kissing him while they snuggled on the sofa. John pulling him close, running his hands through his curls, the warmth of his body pressed next to him. John in his bed…
John loves rainy days.
Sherlock thrust five or six more times before he was coming too, sobbing his release into John’s shoulder, before collapsing boneless on top of him. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, one hand coming up to thread into his curls as they both regained their breath. After a moment, Sherlock rolled off him, flopping onto his back, and John pressed a quick kiss to his lips before slipping off to the loo for a perfunctory cleanup. He wet a flannel for Sherlock, and padded back into the bedroom, not surprised to find that Sherlock hadn’t moved an inch. Cleaning him off, John tossed the used rag over the side before climbing back into the bed and snuggling close, drawing the duvet over the two of them.
“It must be awful for John, having to live with that.”
“Drop the gun, Mary, it’s over.”
“Johhhnn,” Sherlock tried again, drawing out the consonants in his name.
“You read it.” It's not a question.
Read and received, complete.
The shout rings out, loud and harsh, as the rat-a-tat of artillery fire explodes around him. John turns toward the anguished yell, hoping that this time, God please this time, don't let him find -
Sherlock wants to protest, he belongs with John. What if John opens his eyes? He needs to know Sherlock is there. He needs to make sure that John will be okay. But the medic is slamming the door shut in his face, the ambulance pulling away, and he has no choice but to turn towards the car, opening the back door and folding himself into the backseat.
“Fine, Sherlock, just for tonight.”
At the first press of John’s lips, Sherlock sighed, melting into the kiss and rolled her body closer. John swiped her tongue along the seam of Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock opened her mouth, allowing John to lick her way inside. As John’s tongue slid across her own,  Sherlock moaned inside their kiss, and a shiver of arousal rippled through Sherlock’s body, the feeling so unexpected she broke away, her body shaking in John’s arms.
When they first made the arrangements to draw Mary out, in the cell after the Magnussen affair, he’d made Mycroft promise that no matter what, John would be safe. It was the only way Sherlock would agree to the plan. Because the plan was risky. It involved keeping John completely in the dark about Mary’s full past, the data that was on the flash drive. It involved pushing John to forgive her for shooting his best friend. And most painfully, it involved keeping John as far away from himself as possible. The past two months have since been a nightmare of subterfuge and lies, games and distractions. Sherlock has felt adrift without his steady companion, his friend. But the plan required Mary to think John was on her side, fully and completely, and Sherlock couldn’t risk John giving anything away. He planned to tell John as soon as this part was over, and then see if maybe they could move on without the threat of danger hanging over their heads.
I find myself here again. I don’t want to be, but it seems I can’t keep myself away. I feel you here. Christ, I feel you everywhere, really, but it’s the strongest here. I can hear you, muttering over some experiment. Chattering away excitedly over some random fact you want to share, your beautiful eyes sparkling with excitement. You looked so gorgeous in those moments, you know. You would look at me and it took every ounce of effort not to go to you, pull you close, run my fingers through your silky hair. To touch my lips to yours to see if they were as soft as they looked. To finally admit the things I’d been hiding for so long. But like the sodding idiot I am I would look away, break that mesmerizing hold and the moment would pass.
A new list of desires, smouldering hungers
“Look, Sherlock. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. It was a bad idea, and I didn’t want it to happen like that. So just delete it, or whatever -”
Sherlock eases off, pressing light kisses to each arse cheek, tracing his lips upward over every spinal joint, over collarbones and jawbones, until he reaches John’s ear. He sucks the lobe into his mouth, swirling that filthy tongue around the tip before nibbling gently.
John feels his orgasm building, the combination of his hands and his vivid imagination doing the job to bring him close to the edge. He reaches further back and around, trailing his middle finger down his perineum and circling his hole. He has only done this to himself a couple times, but in his head, it’s Sherlock’s longer fingers teasing, seeking entrance, and god he wants it.
Sherlock hastens to comply, wrapping both arms tighter around John and grasping his cock in his right hand, the left moving upwards to tease and pinch at John’s nipples. Sherlock presses hot, open-mouthed kisses to the nape of his neck while giving him a slow stroke, base to tip. John groans, rocking his hips into Sherlock’s grip, and rubbing his arse against Sherlock’s cock.
“Just as I thought,” John continues, “those damned pants.” He shrugs out of his coat and is across the room in three strides, threading his hands through Sherlock’s hair and crushing their mouths together.
“Thought you might.” Sherlock whirls around at the sound of John’s voice echoing in the flat. He’d been so intent on his phone, he hadn’t heard him enter.
“So tell me about it. What happens in the story?” He nestled closer on the sofa until his shoulders and thighs were brushing against Sherlock’s. Sherlock struggled to breathe for an entirely different reason.
“You do?” Sherlock breathed, hope beginning to bloom in his chest.
Sherlock huffed, then bolted upright. “John,” he began, looking at John through his lashes.
Sherlock face transforms into John’s favorite smile. The one he knows is only for him, has only ever been for him. Sherlock reaches out his hand and strokes John face, a gentle glide of fingertips that sends goosebumps down John’s body.
“John, I’m sorry to have woken you.”
God I miss you. I ache for you. I still can hear you, smell you, see you here. It was you, always you. But I was too much of a fucking idiot to tell you. And now you’re gone forever.  And it’s time. It’s time to tell you.
“Play ‘God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen!’” Greg yelled, lifting his goblet toward Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Oh John, ever the soldier.” She gives her mocking laugh, “Queen and country. How quaint.”
, he thinks.
John rolls off of Sherlock, and lays next to him on the floor, shoulders touching as he catches his breath. Now that the adrenaline has worn off, he realizes their current situation. The canvas is sticking to his sweaty back, and he supposes he should go and get something to clean them both off, but he can’t really be arsed to move at the moment. He didn’t quite expect to end up as a sweaty, sticky heap on the sitting room floor, but he can’t really complain. He may have to send a thank you letter to Hasbro.
-----------
After discharge John wanted nothing more than to get back to Baker Street and relax, maybe take a hot shower, optimistically hoping for a shared one. But after exiting the cab, he quickly realized Sherlock was not right behind him as he usually was, John turning just in time to see him leave in the cab without a word.
Sherlock watches as the car pulls away, then turns and walks on shaky legs into Royal Hospital, ready to accept the fate of his best friend.
“What was that, love? I am afraid I couldn’t quite make that out.”
John snapped his head up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, focused hotly on his. He was smirking, and as John watched, that lithe body started to move again, dips and rolls that had him shaking with the effort not to join in. He held out for all of a minute before saying “Fuck it,” and stepping in to Sherlock’s space, moving his own body in time with the pop beat coming from the speakers. John may not be able to waltz, but he’d never had a problem with this kind of dancing.
And then, the miraculous news that no, the plane is coming back. Finding out that Sherlock almost OD’d. The realisation that it was a suicide mission on which Mycroft had sent his brother. John was barely hanging onto his sanity, trying to hold it all together. And just when John thought it couldn’t get any worse, Sherlock disappeared.  For two months. Two bloody months. Not a single text, email, call, nothing. John wasn’t sure if he was hiding out, drugged out of his mind, or just ignoring him. The only thing that kept him sane was his communication with Mycroft. Mycroft provided just enough info to reassure him that Sherlock was safe. Their codeword: No List.
“Ah!” Greg hollered. “Look you two, you’re under the mistletoe!”
“Happy Christmas, Sherlock,” John whispered.
Aroused.
Happy.
John looked away, but not before Sherlock glimpsed a strange mixture of emotions cross his features. Sadness, amusement, and guilt.  And like that, Sherlock began to hope.
John giggled, his deep-blue eyes locking onto Sherlock’s. “Maybe it just sounds better when you do it.”
Come visit me on
John tried to laugh, but with the evidence of Sherlock’s desire pressing against his hip, it came out more like a strangled mewl. He all but ripped his shirt over his head, and four hands helped pull his pajamas and pants off, tossing all items carelessly over the side of the bed. Once they were both completely naked, Sherlock pressed his body closer again, lining up their erections as he captured John’s lips for another searing kiss. John groaned, and all but forgot to breathe as Sherlock pumped his hips experimentally, rubbing their lengths together.
Who doesn't love a rainy day?
Sherlock takes a deep breath before responding. “So he read the drive. He came to you. To what end?”
“Mm.”
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I have since the moment we met. I was so alone, and then you, you showed up and my life changed. I’m sorry it took me so bloody long to see it.”
But what those people don’t see is the other side. The soft smile that greets John each morning. The way his eyes crinkle around the corners, the pale irises sparkling with delight when he sees John has awoken in their shared bed. They don’t feel the soft brushes of his hands over John’s face, or the velvet slide of his fingertips over his skin. They don’t feel the tender kisses and the murmured “good mornings” that fall out of that exquisite mouth. They don’t know the feeling of that body, writhing in pleasure underneath him, flushed and beautiful, lost in the throes of ecstasy.
They both moved together further into the kitchen, John pausing to place his goblet down on the table. “Would you rather I asked everyone to leave? We could put something on the telly. I’m sure there’s a Christmas movie on somewhere.”
Love.
“You told him you knew. You told him I was in that warehouse, and you let him walk in there, unprotected?” Sherlock asks, suddenly angry. At Mycroft, at Mary, at himself, for allowing things to get this far.
“That’s it, Sherlock. You’re so gorgeous, I’ve got you, let go for me.”
Sherlock sighs. It appears as if unthreatening is not going to work tonight. Ok, then. “Holmes. Good. That will give you plenty of time to call and check on your boyfriend.”
“First one to fall on their arse loses.”
“Christ, love,” John groaned. She slid one finger inside Sherlock’s slick folds, moaning at the wetness she found there. “Oh god, you’re so wet for me. Sherlock, I need - can I? Can I taste you, please?”
All these things John could tell them, and more. But he doesn’t owe anyone any explanations. So as he watches out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock prances around the crime scene, Belstaff flowing like a cape, deductions flying from his lips, he can see the whisperers warming up. Sherlock makes his final deduction, hurling a scathing retort to the newest forensic officer, and yes, there it is.
“Don’t know, pain…”
Molly stepped closer and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder, giving him a pat. “Just tell him, Sherlock. Tell him that you’re absolutely gone on him, but that yes you’re busy because you’re in the darned show. Then invite him to come kiss you afterwards,” she smirked.
Sherlock tries to get to his feet three times before just succumbing to gravity pulling him down. He crawls over to John, praying the whole time to every deity that he doesn’t believe in that it’s just a graze, just a simple wound and that John, lively, lovely John will be just fine. He hasn’t a clue about Mary, and at the moment he couldn’t care less what happens to her, as long as John is all right. If he isn’t, there will be hell to pay. No force on earth could stop him from ripping her limb from limb.
Sherlock laughs, a deep sound that vibrates into John’s bones. He loves it when Sherlock laughs, actually lets himself go. It’s one area John likes to think is reserved for him. John can’t help joining in, laughing at the ridiculousness of two grown men playing a childhood party game in their sitting room.
“Well, I - didn’t think you liked dance. Last Christmas I tried. Remember?”
Sherlock unwound her arms from behind John’s back, attempting to extricate herself before John woke. She was almost free when John stirred, back arching as she stretched herself awake. She opened her eyes, the deep blue bright in the morning light as she focused on Sherlock’s face.
“Sorry, Sherlock, did I hurt you?”
Sherlock can only nod, waiting until John starts towards the room before following.
“Molly, how many times-” he began, dropping his leg and pulling his other up for the same treatment. “It’s not like that. I don’t think, anyway. And no, I haven’t.”
Next a new jumper, the color of ocean skies,
“I spin, you do as I say.” John thinks he sees a slight widening of those pale grey eyes at that, just for a fraction of a second, before it is shut down.
Sherlock stalks down the hall towards operating theatre 8, hoping to find out what has happened to John. He approaches the room with a sense of dread, assaulted with a strange mixture of emotions. He is terrified to know what is happening. Terrified to hear the words that John has been taken from him for good. But at the same time, he needs to know how he is. Is he alive? Is he going to recover?
“Well we could play Cluedo again.”
“John -” Sherlock began, sitting up on the sofa, but John cut him off, holding out his hand.
Taking pity on her, John hooked her fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s panties and slid them down her legs and off, before settling back between her thighs. The first gentle press of John’s fingers to Sherlock’s bare skin caused Sherlock to cry out, back arching, hips instinctively seeking more.
What he saw when he glanced at John momentarily took his breath away. He was standing behind his chair, hands rested on the top, a small smile playing on his features. He looked gorgeous in the flickering mix of fairy and firelight. But it was his face that gave Sherlock pause. John was watching him with an expression so unguarded, so soft, it made Sherlock’s heart lurch.
Sherlock’s face breaks into a soft smile as he folds himself into the visitors chair. “Hi,” he whispers back.
“Oh god,” Sherlock shuddered, her head falling back. John’s mouth, her tongue, was driving her insane, and if this was only the beginning…
“Oh god,” Sherlock groaned, dropping his leg and sitting down cross legged on the tiled floor. He cradled his head in his hands.
“Hi,” Sherlock whispered back.
“People will definitely talk, John,” Sherlock whispers, his voice breaking. “I’m so sorry.”
“Yes, love?”
“Jo-John?” Sherlock voice is shaking, his whole body numb with the shock of finding John, his John in this way.
to know you.
“Alright, enough you two,” Lestrade coughs.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, looking at John from beneath his lashes.
Sherlock ran his hands down John’s back, waist, and tugged hard at the towel John was still wearing. “Off,” he muttered between kisses. Between the two of them, the towel was soon discarded, landing with a soggy thud upon the floor. Sherlock’s hands instantly found John’s arse, and pulled him impossibly closer, urging John to grind down harder. John groaned at the pressure on his cock, even through a layer of clothes, Sherlock felt amazing. They thrust against one another for a few moments, trading kisses that were more tongue than lips as they moaned into each other’s mouths. John broke away long enough to remove Sherlock’s T-shirt, sucking one dusky nipple into his mouth.
Another burst hits Sherlock’s stomach and chest, and Sherlock gasps, throwing his head back, and John’s leans forward, the last burst hitting that beautiful neck. John reaches out his other hand to smear his release around Sherlock’s collarbone, the milky white a contrast to the already darkening bruises John had make with his mouth.
His name. John had said - no yelled - his name as he came. That had pushed out all reason, and Sherlock had flown up the stairs, needing to see, to deduce, to touch. But now that he is here, he suddenly doesn’t know what to do. He is trembling all over and all he can think of is that he needs to get his hands and mouth on John now. He surges forward, stopping only a breath away from John’s lips. John swallows, looking up at him guiltily. That won’t do, he doesn’t want John to be guilty.
He’s still trying to emerge from his stupor. The haze is receding a bit and he can almost move. Just a bit more, and he can tell him, tell him he’s sorry for everything. Distantly he hears Sherlock talk to someone, then he feels warm breath on his face.
“Yeah?” She whispered.
John backed up, her brow furrowing. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t... you just looked so beautiful -”
“John, you can’t be serious.”
“Yes,” John moans, so close already. Those hands, and Sherlock’s own orgasm doing their part to push him to the precipice.
The next thing John registers is the soft flutter of warmth flittering over his skin, trailing up over his wrist, his arm. A hot weight presses itself into his palm, and it takes John a few minutes to realize that it is a hand. But whose? It’s too large to be Harry’s, or Mrs Hudson’s, the calluses rubbing against his skin too pronounced. Lestrade is not much for hand-holding. That leaves only one option. Sherlock.
Sherlock is clinging to John, pressing his open mouth to John’s neck, giving sloppy kisses between his moans as he gets closer to his climax. John wants nothing more than to see him let go, to relax his control and truly come apart in his arms. John can feel Sherlock getting closer, his cock grows even harder in his hand, and Sherlock’s hips start to stutter in their rhythm.
“John,” Sherlock sighed against John’s lips, closing his eyes and shuddering.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, slight tremble in his voice.
“You want to watch?” He smirked.
John broke away, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s and catching his breath. “Jesus. You’ve no idea how long I wanted to do that.”
Soft against his skin, bringing him warmth
Sherlock labeled it “too much.”
,” Sherlock cries, his back arched off the floor, come coating John’s fingers and belly as he crests through his orgasm. That beautiful body, taut like a bow, lost in ecstasy is enough to push John to the edge.  He sits up, leaning over Sherlock’s prone form, using Sherlock’s release as an extra lubricant as he fucks into his fist.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee, and slid slowly upward, his thumb tracing circles on the firm muscles under his fingers. Sherlock melted into the seat, shifting his hips forward, letting out a breathy sigh. The movement caused John’s hand to slide further up that long expanse of thigh, and John took advantage, running his fingertips up the inseam of Sherlock’s trousers, scratching lightly with his fingernail. Sherlock shifted and leaned over, nuzzling John’s head. It was strangely sweet, and John couldn’t resist, tilting his head up and capturing Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock immediately deepened the kiss, rubbing his tongue against John’s. And christ, the sounds he made. Each moan, gasp, sigh, John could taste them all, and each one was like a live wire attached directly to his groin. Sherlock was practically crawling in his lap and John had completely forgotten they were in the back of a cab until a sharp rap on the ceiling alerted him to another presence.
And finally after both men have chased their release and found it in each other, Sherlock’s mind goes blissfully, peacefully blank. And in that moment, Sherlock understands the meaning of
“Sherlock, no one knows what the future holds. But I can tell you this. It’s always us, right? Just you and me against the world. I’m not going anywhere anytime soon. Not without you.”
“John, did you mean it? About a next time?”
“Are you sure you have to go?” John whispered, leaning close to be heard over the dull roar in the other room.
“You can share the bed, Sherlock, there is plenty of room.” John was trying to sound nonchalant, but her voice wavered ever so slightly. John lifted up the duvet and moved over to the left side of the bed, leaving the right free for Sherlock. Sherlock removed her dressing gown, letting it slither off her frame onto the floor before climbing in and settling on her side.
John can’t help but laugh, too worn out to be upset at the fact that he’ll be spectacularly late to work now. But he will definitely have something to think about.  How best to repay a certain Consulting Detective when he gets home.
“Again, Mary? Dull.”
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his eyes searching John’s face. He grabbed John’s hand where it lay between them on the mattress, threading their fingers together. John rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s skin and waited. After a couple minutes, Sherlock seemed to find what he needed. He smiled, bringing their joined hands to his mouth and kissing John’s knuckles.
John tries to point towards his chest, but the pain seizes him at that moment, and he arches up, crying out. Sherlock grabs the lapels of John’s jacket, ripping open the buttons and throwing the jacket away from John’s body. John can feel Sherlock’s trembling hands as he unbuttons his cardigan and his shirt and exposes his torso. He wants to reassure him, tell him that it will be ok, but he’s not sure he has the strength.
No, John thinks. He’s sorry. He’s sorry he ever married Mary bloody Morstan and allowed her to enter into their lives. He’s sorry he couldn’t be what Sherlock needed when he plummeted from the roof at Barts and faked his death for two years. He’s sorry he’s let him down.
“Ungh, Sherlock, more,” John panted.
Sherlock has always loved dancing. Teaching John to waltz for his last wedding was an exquisite torture, bodies so close, but not able to actually close the gap. No such gap exists now, as he tenderly takes John into his arms, his new husband’s hands resting gently at his shoulder and the small of his back.
“You, god Sherlock, your mouth, I thought of it all day.” He peppers kisses down Sherlock’s neck between his words, biting down under his jaw.
John paced the floor, checking his phone for the third time in the past hour. Still no word. No sign, no text, calls, nothing from Sherlock.
Of things he wanted John to do
Sherlock huffs and waves his other hand. “No. I mean, yes, if you want... fine.” John grins wider, Sherlock really is adorable when he blushes. “What I meant was, you called me ‘love’. I - well - you - you love me?”
There were times he thought he glimpsed some emotion, some desire on John’s part as well. Lingering looks, tender smiles reserved only for him. Brushes of fingers passing tea cups, casual touches throughout the day. But Sherlock tried to clamp down on his hopes that John felt anything for him. To be wrong would be devastating. And really, who would want Sherlock that way?
Sherlock nodded. John chuckled against her skin, pressing light kisses against her neck. “I need to hear you say it, love.”
“Stay?”
She called a bit louder, trying to wake John up without scaring her worse than she already was. “John. Wake up, John.”
He leans over and whispers. “John. I’ll see you soon. I love you.”
Artwork for the wonderful fic by the fabulous Irrevocably_Sherlocked, by me, MrsNoggin. It's a bloody honour to be linked to this fabulous writer in anyway whatsoever, and I am so chuffed to be here!
Once inside, Sherlock pushed John back on the bed then stipped his pants off and crawled over him, pressing kisses to John’s chest and neck. John grabbed Sherlock and pulled him down, needing friction on his aching cock. He let out a moan of pure desire and delight at the feel of Sherlock’s body pressed along his own. God, how had he imagined this. But he wanted to see him. Quickly, John planted one foot on the bed and flipped them over, swallowing Sherlock’s “oof” of surprise, and settled himself between his spread thighs. He leaned up on his elbows and let his eyes wander over Sherlock, his hair splayed across the pillow, a beautiful flush spreading over that pale skin, eyes blown wide with arousal, and John’s heart clenched at the sight. He was perfect.
“Ah, Dr Watson. Good you’re awake. I’m Dr Oberhauer, I performed your surgery.”
, he thinks, before spinning for his own move. Left foot green, and he is stood facing Sherlock on the mat.
“Woman found dead in freezer, jewels missing-”
“I’m here, John,” Sherlock says, resting his hand on John’s shoulder.
John could only stare, mouth agape as Sherlock and blondie made their way to the dance floor. His mouth closed with a click and a clench of his jaw when blondie’s hand trailed from Sherlock’s shoulder to the swell of his arse.
Sherlock growled low in his throat, disentangling himself from John’s embrace to move back down his body. John leaned up again to watch as Sherlock, eyes on his, pressed one slick finger to his entrance. John sighed and spread his legs wider as Sherlock’s finger circled his hole. Sherlock leaned down and sucked John’s cock back into his mouth as he pressed in. John cried out, the feeling of Sherlock in him and around him overwhelming. He pressed in farther and John rocked back wanting more.
Chuckling, John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “You realize you could have just asked for a cuddle.”
Sherlock chuckles, and runs his hands up and down John’s chest, fingernails lightly brushing ribs and grazing peaked nipples. John sucks in a breath, and squeezes Sherlock’s thigh a bit harder, his cock starting to fill as Sherlock’s talented hands move further south. Sherlock pauses, brushing feather light caresses over his lower abdomen, and lower still, swirling through the thick patch of hair covering his groin, a tease of his fingers over the rapidly hardening flesh before trailing back upwards. Sherlock repeats the process, and John squirms, shifting his hips in an attempt to bring his now fully hard cock into contact with Sherlock’s hand. The move presses him closer to Sherlock’s body, and John can feel his own answering erection pressed against the cleft of his arse.
“Shh - John. Just let me, please,” Sherlock says and drops gracefully to his knees on the shower floor, running his large hands up the back of the John’s thighs to knead at his arse. Sherlock trails his tongue over the dip in John’s spine, moving slowly lower until he reaches the swell of his arse. Sensing what Sherlock wants, John bends over slightly, bracing himself with his forearms against the shower wall.
“It’s always been you, John. I love you, too.”
“Exactly. And your sodding coat dragged you down, and I had to pull you out,
“Sleep now, John,” Sherlock intones softly. “I’m not going anywhere.”
The first thump made Sherlock pause, lowering her bow from the violin strings. The second was followed by a low whimper that had her rushing towards the stairs, her violin forgotten on the desk as she climbed up to John’s room. The sounds coming from behind the closed door were becoming louder and more frantic as she approached the room, a low keening followed by a high-pitched whimper. Sherlock raised her hand to the door and debated knocking, but an especially loud wail had her throwing the door open before she could think twice.
He extended his hand, and Sherlock took it, bringing it to his nose and inhaling its fragrance. He took a deep breath, attempting to keep his smile from growing too far out of control.
Sherlock kissed him, hard, and desperate, his tongue delving into John’s mouth. John gave back as good as he got, and for a few moments, it was just this, lips and teeth and tongues, both of them panting into one another’s mouth. Sherlock broke away, cradling John’s head in his hands. “I want... what you said. Earlier,” he swallowed. “Did you mean it?”
John collapsed in his chair, wincing a bit as the stitches pulled at the edges of his wound.  Picking up his glass, he took a long sip of the excellent scotch, remembering again the ambulance ride. Sherlock was tense and withdrawn, glaring daggers at the paramedics, while he tried to give his account of the injury and comfort Sherlock at the same time. He wanted to gather him in his arms, tell him he was fine, it was just a flesh wound, but he couldn't do more than pat Sherlock’s  knee between vital checks. It was the same at the hospital, Sherlock wearing the same mask of intense sadness and despondency, only leaving his side when directly ordered.
John threw his head back, his hips instinctively thrusting upwards. Sherlock backed off a bit, tonguing the slit, and wrapping a hand around the base as he began to work in a steady rhythm. He sank down lower on John’s length as his slick finger trailed over John’s perineum to circle the entrance to his body. John groaned as Sherlock teased, lightly rubbing the furled muscle as he kept a steady pace with his mouth on his cock. Slowly, Sherlock pressed in and John sucked in a breath. He hadn’t done this much before Sherlock, but once they had tried it, John realized how much he enjoyed the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers in him, those violinist’s hands playing him like the finest instrument he’d ever known. John shifted further down on the bed, causing Sherlock’s finger to sink into the first knuckle and both men moaned. The vibration around his cock caused a fresh spike of arousal to course through John, and he knew he wasn’t going to be able to sustain this slow torture for much longer.
There are things John wants to say, needs to say, but he’s fading. His lips are moving, but he’s aware he’s not making any sounds. Sherlock somehow seems to understand.
Sherlock waved his hand as if to say “of course”, and John sat, pulling his leg up to face Sherlock.
“Forever,” he agreed.
“Yes, the two aren’t mutually exclusive. You hid this from me, for all this time. Did you ever think that I’d love to see this part of you, see what you liked, what you enjoyed? You came to my practices, cheered me on, did you not think I’d do the same for you?”
Sherlock turned his head to the side. “Gavin is being useless. He says to stop calling him or the Met will be solving MY murder.”
Telling Mary he forgave her was the biggest. As if he could ever forgive the person who tried to take Sherlock away from him again. But he said the words he had rehearsed and then moved back in with her on Christmas day. The same day Sherlock decided it would be a brilliant idea to shoot a man in the head. In John’s mind, they both went to prison that night - one of their own making.
“Oh John, ever the soldier.” She gives a mocking laugh, glancing in Sherlock’s direction as he moves closer to the tableau, “Queen and country. How quaint.”
Ecstatic.
John H. Watson, M.D
“You stayed, thank you,” John said, her eyes soft on Sherlock’s own.
“I need to feel you tonight,” he whispered, turning his head a pressing a kiss to John’s palm, “I need to know you’re safe and whole.”
“Peace offering, brother dear.”
“Something wrong, love?” John asked, pulling off, sitting back a bit to look at Sherlock directly.
“John,” Sherlock keens, grabbing John’s arse and lifting one long leg to drape over John’s hip.
John pushed the door open and slowly entered the room, blinking rapidly to get his eyes used to the dim light. Sherlock stayed huddled in the center of his bed, legs drawn up under him, head resting on his knee, warily waiting to see what John wanted.
Sherlock breaks away, breathing hard, as John mouths his way down his jaw, pressing kisses and kitten licks to his neck. Sherlock tilts his head to give John better access and wraps his hands around the back of John’s head, just holding him there. He feels John smile against his skin, as his hands move to push his coat off his shoulders.
“And the murderer has been arrested.”
John moved into the kitchen and flipped the kettle on, pondering if he should go back to the old routine of making Sherlock’s tea. With a smile, he realized that most likely it would be the first words out of the git’s mouth when he awoke, and reached for a second cup. That thought lead to memories of tea and toast, and shared brunches, and soon John was so lost in his thoughts, he didn’t hear Sherlock emerge from his room. So lost was he, that he didn’t notice when Sherlock stepped behind him, wrapped his arms around his waist and pulled him close. Sherlock leaned down and nuzzled his nose against the top of John’s head and whispered a soft “welcome home,” against his scalp.
First the milk, so much milk
Heart unburdened, he unlaces his fingers, straightens up and leaves the room, never hearing the faint whisper of his name from the man in the bed behind him.
“Git,” John laughed, swatting him playfully on his hip.
“Yes,” the surgeon replies, removing his mask, “I am. And you are?”
John picked up his pace, relishing in the sounds he was coaxing from Sherlock’s body. Each pass of lips over unexplored flesh produced a sigh, each nibble, a moan, each press of tongue, a growl. John loved every sound, driving him on, pictiching his arousal higher, stretching the limits of his control. He pushed his tongue in, breaching the furled muscle, groaning as Sherlock’s body pulled him in.
A shared bath for Sherlock & John
Sherlock pulled off, but kept his hand wrapped around the base of John’s cock, jerking slowly in a rhythm that was driving John mad. “John, please, I want -”
John’s eyes fixed on Sherlock’s form in the darkness. “Sherlock? Why are you in my room?” John ran her hands through her hair and over her face trying to calm her breathing.
“Loud? I could have - ah - heard you at - oh - Barts,” Sherlock pants, as John bites down hard on his collarbone. “I just didn’t realize you thought of me, when you -”
John is reaching out to touch, trying desperately to grasp that pale wrist, begging every deity he can think of to please, please let there be a pulse. But the pavement is glistening darkly, and the incandescent light in those eyes is gone, taken from the world…
“It was a slash really. Three stitches. I’m fine.” He ran his fingers along Sherlock’s forearm and wiggled himself even closer. “Hmm, that’s nice.”
John turns toward Mary, “Now you and I are going to have a quick chat.”
As soon as they made it back to their flat he’d immediately made plans. He’d trust Sherlock, but only so far. He was going to have backup. He’d give Sherlock a week. After that passed, it was a simple matter of a call to Mycroft and a meeting at the Diogenes the next day, and the plan was set in motion.  Then it was a waiting game. And a performance. Every day of his life, pretending he loved Mary, that she was the one he truly wanted, when his every thought was focused on the other side of town.
“Because you were right, I needed a holiday. With you. At the beach. It was - good.”
Sherlock was sitting down at the kitchen table working on his chemistry experiment when John bustled in, holding up two bags.
Sherlock’s eyes softened as his fingers tightened in John’s hair, pulling him down to claim his mouth. But compared to the frantic, heated kisses they’d shared, this one was softer, more tender, slower. John sighed into the kiss, his body pressing Sherlock’s into the mattress, their hips rolling together in a slow rhythm. It was almost like the dance they shared, each moving with the other in a synchronized beat. John never wanted it to end. Sherlock lifted one long leg and wrapped it over John’s hip as he thrusted harder and harder, moans and whimpers and sighs rumbling from deep within his throat and swallowed by John. It was glorious, but not enough, John needed more. He reached down between them, wrapping a hand around them both, smearing the pre-come around their lengths and stroking in time to their thrusts.
Sherlock stepped into the room, her eyes scanning the darkness for the figure of John, and it wasn’t until another whimper echoed in the room that she was able to locate her, huddled in the middle of her bed, wrapped in the duvet. Her body was shivering so violently the entire bed was shaking. Sherlock stepped closer, her hand stretching out to touch John’s shoulder before thinking better of it. John was obviously in the throes of a nightmare, and touching someone with PTSD in that state was not the smartest move. She dropped her hand, slipping it into the pocket of her dressing gown, and stepped up to the edge of the bed.
“It’ll be like our first Christmas,” he had said, wistful look in his deep blue eyes, and Sherlock couldn’t say no. Not when John looked like that. Anything to make him happy.
“Sherlock...just...please.” John hated how broken his voice sounded in the darkness of the room. But he couldn’t help it. He had the worst feeling that if he eased his hold one bit, Sherlock would vanish, be gone forever.
“I do. I want -” Sherlock’s head is spinning, John’s fingers are teasing him through the fabric, his body pressed in close, hot and hard against his own. But he needs John to know, to understand. “You. John. I - it’s always you, too. When I - God!” John rolls his nipple between thumb and forefinger and pinches.
“John!” Sherlock is lost in sensation. John’s hot mouth working him while his finger plunges in and out of his arse. His skin is on fire, his orgasm building like a crescendo. John slips a second finger beside the first and the burn only adds to the pleasure, Sherlock crying out for more. John curls his fingers, rubbing against his prostate, and Sherlock can’t hold back anymore.
“Stay.” John punctuated his words with a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips. He pulled back briefly before diving in again, tilting his head and touching his tongue to Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock sighed, melting into John’s embrace. John immediately took advantage, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s sighs quickly turned to moans as their tongues rubbed together, the kiss becoming needier, more hungry.
, the unspoken reply came,
But then all breath left his lungs as he watched Sherlock, his best friend, reach the dance floor and begin to move. And dear god, could he move. John trailed his eyes over slim hips in motion, those bespoke trousers pulled taut over that luscious arse, back up to the thin fabric of that already too tight shirt pulled even tighter across Sherlock’s chest as he rolled and flexed in time with the beat. John’s mouth went dry, and every drop of blood in his body rushed straight to his cock at the sight. Sherlock was breathtaking. And god, John wanted. But he was still unsure of Sherlock’s feelings on the matter. He seemed to be enjoying blondie’s attention, the two were moving closer to one another with each beat of the music, the other bloke’s hands grasping onto sharp hipbones as he pressed in from behind. John never even realized Sherlock did this sort of thing, but here was the proof right in front of his eyes.
+++++++
It was late as John climbed the seventeen steps to the sitting room the night he returned to Baker Street. He paused in the doorway, looking at Sherlock across the room, as if asking permission. Was he still welcome?
“Oh, God, John,” Sherlock panted, John’s words driving him further towards the brink. He turned his head and captured John’s lips again, reaching between them to palm John’s erection through his trousers. How he had desired for so long to feel the weight of him in his hand, on his tongue, fantasies he never thought he’d have the chance to explore. Knowing that John shared his desires made him desperate for more.
John turned and strode to the door, before turning back around to glance at Sherlock, “I’ll see you later, yeah?”
The doctor fixes him with a look. “The bullet entered the inferior vena cava, and nicked your liver. We were able to repair the damage, yes, but it was touch and go. You underwent asystole on the table and we needed to perform emergency measures to bring you out. In other words, Doctor, you’re a very lucky man.”
– The slide of John’s fingers up Sherlock’s torso, lightly skimming first one taut nipple then the other.
John sighed in satisfied contentment as Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and pulled him close, his fingers drawing circles on the planes of his back. “Where did you go tonight?” He whispered, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s chest.
“John, I’m going to -” He shouts his warning, which John promptly ignores, curling his finger again and sucking harder on his cock. “John!” Sherlock screams as his world explodes in showering sparks, cascading through his body, white hot and perfect. John moans around him, eagerly swallowing down his release. Sherlock raises up enough to see John’s arm and lower body in motion, he is fisting his own cock as he licks Sherlock’s come from his softening cock. The sight is enough to coax another spurt.
, John thinks, as he follows Sherlock into the shower. But whether it was his or Sherlock’s doesn’t really matter. All it took in the end was someone to put one foot forward.
glares left and right, but that didn’t stop the looks, the downright lusty leers thrown in Sherlock’s direction all night. The man was too bloody attractive for his own good. And John needed to get him out of here before either one of the men, or John himself, broke.
“John,” Sherlock moans, his legs moving restlessly on the bed.
“Ehm,” Sherlock cleared his throat, “I think I’m going to call it a night, actually.”
She tilts her head in that way of hers, the way he used to find so endearing when they’d first met. Cute, even. It was almost if she could read the thoughts so very present in his head when she looked like that. At the time, lost and depressed, he’d welcomed that, someone who could read him as easily as Sherlock could.  He’s always admired that about Sherlock, his ability to read him, truly see him, where no one else could. Or would. And Mary, so very different than Sherlock in many ways, was so very similar as well. Clever, quick, and witty. And it was those qualities that drew him out, led him to accept her flirting, finally ask her on a date. Sherlock was gone, and John missed him terribly. Missed him more than a mere friend would do. John sometimes had trouble admitting it to himself, but the truth is, he loved Sherlock, had been in love with him when he fell. John mourned him like a lover, a widower, a partner. Someone he desperately wanted but had never had the courage to grab and make his own. Mary was someone John could give that love to, let it grow and blossom in his breast. Mary was the safe choice.
“Sher--”
John smiled and leant back in, capturing Sherlock’s lips again. The kiss started chaste and sweet, but Sherlock soon wanted more. More of John, more of everything. She slid her hands under the hem of John’s T-shirt, exploring the soft skin with her fingertips. The kisses turned heated and hungry, their hands roving under clothing, over lush curves, grazing over hips, thighs, bellies.
“Sherlock, what - what are you doing?” It comes out a bit breathier than he wants, but that cannot be helped, not with the object of his longing right in front of him and the evidence of his desire still drying on his skin.
“Now there’s an idea. And how about one that says ‘You’re right John, I was wrong.’”
“Oh, Sherlock - yes, yes, FUCK, YES!” He roars, his orgasm sweeping through him hard, his vision going black temporarily with the force of it.
“Hmm,” John sighs, “this was a great idea.”
But with a single suck, Sherlock blew
“Yes, fuck yes -” John stopped breathing as a third digit was slid in next to the first two, the feeling of being filled almost overwhelming.
Sherlock can remember with vivid clarity the night he came back from the ‘dead’, the reception he’d received at John’s hands. He’d expected gratitude. Happiness, maybe even excitement at his return. A bit of awe perhaps, at his clever plan to outsmart the criminal genius. Instead, he’d received fists. Pain and blood, and the knowledge that he’d been replaced. Watching John with Mary had taken something inside of Sherlock and twisted it, a feeling which up until that moment Sherlock had heard ordinary people mention but had never experienced himself. But watching John walk away, while he stayed behind, standing on that sidewalk, holding the jagged edges of his split lip together, Sherlock could name it - heartbreak. It wasn’t just the loss of John as a flatmate, but that something more that always seemed to frisson under the surface, the something Sherlock wasn’t even sure he understood, but which he keenly missed. Even when John forgave him, and Sherlock set about planning the perfect wedding for him, there was still a puzzle piece missing, something that didn’t seem to fit. Sherlock was so intent to make himself fit into John’s new life, he was willing to quiet his suspicions about Mary, about the fact he couldn’t fully read her. In retrospect, he wishes he had spoken up sooner. Saved themselves all this time. Saved himself the small scar he was sporting under his Belstaff, below his heart. A scar it appears Mary is intent on replicating.
“Where are you actually going now?” You asked.
“John?” Sherlock reached up to run his hands along John’s jaw, his brow crinkling in confusion.
“Ganannnfkalfj ajbhfklan,” Sherlock mumbled into the cushions.
“I can’t. I’m busy that night.” He said, looking away.
Sherlock had wanted a simple night. An evening alone with John, a chance to celebrate Christmas Eve together, just the two of them, like old times. After the fiasco of last Christmas, Mary and John at his parents house, then later, the whole Magnussen disaster, he figured they deserved a quiet celebration on John’s first Christmas back at Baker Street. To be honest, he’d have thought that would be what John had wanted too, but at the last minute, John had announced he invited Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson to the flat for a get-together on Christmas Eve.
. Stupid Sherlock.
“He asked me to go to the Nutcracker with him. Because he knew I liked it.”
me. Times when your gaze lingered on my form and seared into my veins like fire. Times when I was so tempted to reach out and see if the promise held in that gaze was real. Stag night was a close thing, John. I can still see it. Still feel it, your hand on my leg, your fingers pressing into my thigh. You wanted me then. I could sense it in your movement, in your eyes. How much further would you have gone? I wanted to find out. Lean forward and capture your wrist, move your hand higher until you could see how much I desired you. Instead I stayed still, let you retreat. But, oh John, how I wanted to take what was on offer. Did you know? Or did you think me indifferent? But I let you go. Back to her, back to the life you created in my absence. Back to where you belong. Back to your life without me.
“Well, all I can say is, Sherlock, that they are bloody idiots, and had no clue what they were missing. You were incredible out there tonight. Amazing. Absolutely brilliant.”
John raised his eyebrows, watching the screen. “Ballet?”
“I guess I was pretty loud,” John says, kissing down Sherlock’s neck to suck on his adam’s apple.
Broken glassware, a puddle of something John couldn’t even name on the floor, and what mysteriously looked like one of his jumpers on fire. Sherlock was attempting to put it out, but to no avail. As John watched he dumped the contents of the beaker he was holding on the conflagration effectively dousing the flames, but sending up an acrid plume of smoke in it’s midst. Sherlock began to cough, and John finally sprang into action, grabbing Sherlock by the arm to pull him from the mess and towards the windows, muttering under his breath the whole way.
“I can neither confirm nor deny that. But it’s yours now.”
John nods, “Nice to meet you Doctor,” he croaks, his voice thick with disuse. “I’m imagining it went ok, since we’re talking and all.”
John turned in Sherlock’s arms, brushing curls off his brow. His eyes glowed in the moonlight, shining with the same intensity from earlier: anger mixed with sadness in equal measure. “I’m fine,” he repeated, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s jaw.
“Hmm, perhaps.” Sherlock leaned down and pressed their mouths together again. After several minutes of this, he broke the kiss to look down at John with a smirk on his face and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
“Drop the gun, Mary, it's over.”
“Just a minute,” he called, striding across the room and throwing open the door. He’d expected to find Molly on the threshold, so he was wholly unprepared for the sight that greeted him.
“It’s okay, me either.”
“You won’t. I’m here, Sherlock.”
But John. John was different. Wasn’t he? Sherlock closed his eyes thinking of all the time he’d spent in his company over the two years they’d lived together. John getting on him to eat, making him watch those horrible action movies with him, nights spent huddled together in front of the telly. Dinners after rugby games, studying together, Sherlock helping John with his classes. John, with his jumpers and soft smiles and infectious giggles. Yes. John was different. And he was going to take the chance and tell him the truth. Tonight.
“Okay?”
“Hold on,” John reaches for the spinner, brushing Sherlock’s abdomen as he goes, eliciting a tiny gasp from Sherlock. The spin calls for right hand red, which from Sherlock’s current position would be quite a feat, on all fours with an army doctor draped over his back. But John should have learned long ago not to underestimate Sherlock Holmes.
“I’m sorry I hurt you.” It was little more than a whisper.
John coaxed her through it, easing her back down to earth with tender kisses to her inner thighs, her knees, until Sherlock’s body stopped shaking so violently, her tense grip starting to relax where she still grasped John’s hand.
More HLV Feels.
John took another sip of scotch, and thumbed through his contacts, finding Mycroft’s number. Maybe he could simply ask him to trace Sherlock’s phone, just find out where he was? With a sigh, he pressed the button to shut off the screen. Sherlock was an adult. He was fine. He probably just needed space. Worried but weary, John decided there was no point in staying up half the night waiting for him to return. He heaved himself out of his chair and climbed the stairs to his room. And as the events of the day caught up to him, he fell into a restless sleep.
“Oh, for God’s sake. Make up your mind. Who needs me this time?”
John sees the looks. He hears the quiet whispers, spoken behind hands. He accepts the questions asked outright. The well-meaning statements. The well-wishes that are hidden in passive aggressive critique over his chosen partner. Yarders, friends, strangers, all giving him support, advice, because of his choice. His choice to make Sherlock Holmes his partner in all things.
This was no chaste touch, no tender press of skin, Sherlock kissed him like his life depended on it, immediately licking into John’s mouth, sweeping away any resistance John may have given. Not that he was much inclined to provide any. John did his best to keep up, opening his mouth to Sherlock’s explorations, and attempting to pour his reassurance into every slide of tongue, every nip of teeth. Sherlock pressed closer, rolling John onto his back, and covering him from head to toe, plundering his mouth again and again. John groaned when he felt Sherlock’s hardness rub against his own and wrapped one leg around his slim hip to increase the friction. Even through two layers it felt amazing.
He’s fully hard now, his hips moving of their own accord, seeking something to ease the pressure. The sound of the shower still running makes up his mind, and he eases his trunks down over his hips, allowing his cock to spring free. Eagerly he wraps his hand around himself, stroking firmly from base to tip, biting his lip to keep from moaning too loudly. He knows in this state he won’t last long, he can take care of his problem before John comes out and no one will be the wiser for it.
Coming together in joy, in truth,
“Please John, please. I can’t… I want...Oh, fuck me, John, please.”
John startles awake, struggling to clear the remnants of the lingering dream from his brain. It had been so real, the vivid images still present when he closes his eyes. He is breathing hard and cursing his subconscious for betraying him. Because as much as he has tried to stop himself from imagining things, he can’t control his dreams, it seems.
A flash of red draws my eye, and like that, my fantasy goes up in smoke. It was never to be, was it? Because you have her, and your place is by her side. To pet her hair, and stroke her face and tell her you’ll never let her go. Not me. Never me.
Sherlock froze, his breathing momentarily ceasing at what he had just heard. He quickly turned his head, hiding his eyes from John, as he attempted to clamp down on the rising panic flooding through his system.
“Christ, Sherlock, you’re perfect, yes -” he pants, flicking his hips faster has his orgasm barrels down on him.
Sherlock rolled over, smirking at John, and tangled their legs together.
He leads Sherlock to the recovery room, opening the door so he can step inside. John is the only patient in the room at the moment, a fact that pleases Sherlock considerably. Oberhauer gestures towards the bed, “Five minutes, for now.” Then he steps out of the room, closing the door behind him.
“For god’s sake, John,” he growls, lifting up to watch his cock disappear into John’s mouth inch by agonizing inch.
Sherlock could only nod, assaulted as she was by the sensations coursing through her. She was shuddering, John’s hands, her mouth working to break her apart piece by piece. Sherlock was trying to hold on, trying to fight against the rising tide, but every cell in her body was begging for release.
John froze, his eyes wide as saucers. He thought briefly of removing himself, taking Sherlock’s hand from where it was resting on his chest and stepping from his grasp. But as the moment lingered, John let himself relax into the embrace. Here in Sherlock’s arms, he truly felt like he had come home.
Mary is laughing. God he hates her laugh. John remembers there was a time he enjoyed it, when it didn’t make every hair on the back of his neck stand on end. A time when it actually felt like joy instead of mocking disdain. When was that? He wishes he could go back there. Back before he realised who and what she really was. Back before she put a bullet in his best friend.
“Yes, well. Even you should be able to see how ridiculous those programmes are, John, you hardly need me.”
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock moaned, his hands wrapping around John’s head to hold him in place.
Sometimes John needs something to hold on to...
Sherlock jerks his head sharply to look at Mycroft, “He said he didn’t read it. He told me he threw it in the fire. It was in the fireplace at our parents’ house at Christmas.”
What Sherlock really said on the Tarmac.
“Do you want me to show you what I was thinking about earlier? All the ways I’ve imagined you?”
“Good,” Sherlock replied, running her hands under John’s shirt to help slip it over her head. “I want to conduct an experiment.”
Come find me on my tumblr
“To the very best of times, John.” I’d uttered those words to you on the tarmac, holding your hand in mine one last time. But did you hear?
Sherlock leans up on his elbows. “John?” But if he thought John is stopping, he is wrong. John is pulling off his vest and pants, until he stands before him gloriously naked, and Sherlock’s mouth goes dry. “You’re exquisite,” he whispers, proud he can still form words.
Sherlock ponders the position they currently are in. Mycroft is unaccountably late, and despite his best efforts he is starting to become a bit worried. He’d assumed Mary was working alone. The ruse that Jim was alive was enough to draw her out. It was easy enough to fake communication with her, put pressure on her to deliver on old contracts, notably the one on his own life. Sherlock and Mycroft could find no trace of any partners or any communication with any other people, save for David Nelson. But that contact proved to be nothing more than an ordinary affair, common adultery. David was certainly no criminal mastermind, and nothing in his history brooked any concern, so Sherlock had quickly dismissed him as an accomplice. Could he have overlooked something, some detail, some other person assisting in her schemes?
Sherlock pulls off, and picks up John’s hand, placing it back on his head, “I don’t mind, John, you can pull it, I want you to.” He sinks back down onto John’s length, pressing his tongue into the frenulum and wrapping his hand around the base.
“This is a private moment now, John. Or does it only count under the mistletoe?” He purred.
Mary isn’t answering, staring at John with her head titled to the left in that manner of hers, like she can read every secret thought, a smug, mocking smile playing on her pouted lips. She glances at Sherlock, the smile tugging at one corner of her mouth, until suddenly she can’t contain it, a giggle spilling out of her frame. Sherlock is shocked by the innocence of the sound, if her eyes weren’t cold steel on his he could almost buy it.
“I’m sorry, John for bursting in- you’re awake now, I’ll leave. Goodnight.” Sherlock turned toward the door but stopped at the faint sound of John calling her name.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes. That’s the whole of it, If you’re looking for baby names.”
But then, the list. That bloody list. And Mycroft’s insistence that Sherlock was high, and very well on his way to a full overdose. And everything in John’s body shut down. Blind rage, disappointment and mind-numbing grief targeted him all at once as Sherlock attempted to explain the difference between addict and user. As if there is a difference in this case, John thought bitterly. As Sherlock spun his fanciful tale of Moriarty and what he was going to do next, even though the man was definitely dead, John had quietly seethed. Because Sherlock’s plan, as usual, did not involve him.
Sherlock breaks away, “Shower?” he pants, moving to sit up. “I’d like to keep the mat in decent condition. After all, you owe me a rematch. You cheated.”
Without warning, Sherlock stepped back and pressed his body solidly into John’s. John reacted as if he’d been burned, sparks flaring across his skin at every point of contact. He exhaled  a breath which turned into a gasp as Sherlock reached back and grabbed at his upper thigh, pulling him closer still. It was Sherlock’s turn to gasp as he felt John’s very present erection dig into his flesh. John attempted to move away, when Sherlock surprised him again for the second time that night. He placed his hands over John’s, and slowly, deliberately, moved them lower towards his pelvis, until they were resting over his own prominent bulge. John groaned, and palmed the flesh under his hand lightly, causing Sherlock to throw his head back and rest on John’s shoulder. At the same time, Sherlock bent his knees slightly, causing John’s cock to come into contact with the cleft of his arse, a breathless “oh” escaping Sherlock’s lips.
At that moment, Sherlock hears the door open, Mary turns to look, and a startled gasp escapes her lips. Thank god for Mycroft’s impeccable timing, Sherlock thinks. He does love to be dramatic.
Just then, blondie grabbed Sherlock and pressed their bodies flush together, causing Sherlock to freeze and struggle a bit, and John saw red. He pushed off the bar and stalked across the floor grabbing the blonde wanker by the collar of his tank top and practically throwing him off of Sherlock. The man had at least two stone on him, but John had anger and a healthy dose of barely-contained jealousy on his side, and one look at his face and blondie scurried off. John turned around to find Sherlock staring down at him, a mixture of confusion and something else John couldn’t read on his face.
Sherlock swallowed. “You were muttering under your breath.”
It’s not just the sun, which Sherlock hates,
Sherlock pulled his fingers out and leant back to slick up his own length, before crawling up John’s body and settling between his thighs. John threaded his fingers in his mop of curls and pulled him down for a kiss as Sherlock began to sink in.
“What? What does my name have to do with-” oh. OH. John realized that not only had he been using a few choice words, apparently his rarely seen Scottish brogue had made an appearance. The accent he usually was successful at keeping under wraps, except when he is dead on his feet. Living in England for so long had nearly eradicated it, so it took extreme situations to bring it out. Situations like walking into utter bedlam caused by a gorgeous genius. A genius who was currently flushed to his roots. John had to laugh. It appeared Sherlock may be interested in this hidden side of John, and he decided to take advantage.
“Tell me more about my arse,” he panted.
“I’m here, John,” Sherlock says, resting his hand on John’s shoulder. His touch is light, almost tentative, and John wants to smile, he’s so glad that Sherlock is ok. But there is a nagging pain starting in his chest. It almost feels like a bee sting, and a cold fire seeping through his veins. John dimly registers that Mary must have shot him. How ironic. She got both of them in the end.
“Perhaps I’ll record some insults for you, and you can play them back when needed.”
Sherlock gave a shy smile, and shifted on the bed, crawling half back over John to reach in the bedside table for the lube. John took the opportunity to taste the proffered skin in front of him, grasping Sherlock by the hips to hold him place while he licked around his nipple. Sherlock hissed, pressing further into the contact. John smiled against his skin, reaching his hands further back to grasp Sherlock’s arse and pull him closer. Sherlock groaned and pushed back, leaning down to recapture John’s mouth in a searing kiss and shifting back down to align their erections. They kissed for several minutes, rutting against one another and swallowing each other’s moans, but John wanted more. John wrapped both legs around Sherlock’s waist causing Sherlock’s cock to slip and rub between his arse cheeks, and John gasped.
“So where were you earlier?” John asked as they finished up.
John’s eyes traced the movement,  following each swipe of Sherlock’s tongue across her lips. Sherlock sucked in a breath at the heat she saw there, a simmering desire starting to build deep in her belly. John’s eyes flicked back up to hold her own, and she moved a bit closer, her hand coming up to thread through Sherlock’s dark curls. She stopped when her mouth was only millimetres from Sherlock’s, her breath ghosting warm across her face.
“Mmm,” Sherlock says, pressing kisses to John’s shoulder.
“You sure? Maybe we should go in.”
Sherlock takes a drag of the cigarette, puffing the smoke out though this lips. “Why? What was John doing there? You promised to keep him away.”
Take note, we're earning our E rating y'all....
. Stupid Sherlock. Stupid to ask. It doesn’t matter.
As he draws the duvet up around John’s sleeping body, he thinks that perhaps there is a benefit to slowing down. For this beautiful man, Sherlock would calm the energy inside him a bit, allow himself to linger, to wait, to be in the moment. For John Watson, Sherlock would be patient.
John nods, allowing himself to be pulled under, Sherlock’s promise echoing in his brain.
Sherlock’s eyes drift away from the page that he has been attempting to read for the last hour, and towards the shoreline where John is currently emerging from the water, the sun glistening off his shoulders as he makes his way up the beach. Sherlock tries to look back down at the paragraph he was reading, but the water droplets still clinging to John’s skin are glittering and drawing his focus. He watches John move closer, the muscles in his thighs rippling as he makes his way through the thick sand, and Sherlock’s mouth goes dry. Days of swimming and sun have given John the appearance of a golden god, and even though Sherlock knows he is being ridiculous, all control has flown out the window. The only room left in his head is currently occupied by increasingly erotic fantasies. Fantasies of John fisting his hands in Sherlock's curls and fitting his mouth to his, rubbing his wet body against his own as he sucks marks into his neck. Sherlock sliding his hands under the waistband of those trunks to grab John’s arse and pull him close. Sherlock shakes his head firmly and lowers his book so it is covering his lap and takes a deep, shuddering breath to steady himself as John steps close to his chair to grab his towel.
Moaning, Sherlock rolled his hips, rubbing their lengths together, and bent his head to suck at John’s neck. John sighed and arched on the bed, his hands clenched in the sheets. The sighs turned to groans as Sherlock kissed down his body, pausing to swirl his tongue around each of his nipples again in turn and kissing around his navel before moving ever lower. At the first touch of exquisite wet heat to his cock, John struggled to keep breathing, fighting the urge to thrust up into Sherlock’s mouth.
– John’s tongue on his cock, his perfect lips enveloping his length as he bobs between Sherlock’s legs.
“Hmm, Sherlock, I do have to be at the clinic this morning.”
“No!” Sherlock swallowed. “No,” she said more softly, “I just never … please don’t stop.”
Once nude, Sherlock crawled back over John’s body, straddling his hips, and bending down to nip at John’s ear.
He can see those whisperers sputtering and flashes them a wicked grin before turning to press his mouth to Sherlock’s. It’s just a tender slide of lips, but when he pulls back, Sherlock is looking at him in such adoration, John cannot resist just one more kiss, crime scene be damned.
“Hmm. Quite. Excuse me, please.” He extricated himself from John’s grasp and quickly strode to his room, shutting the door and throwing himself on his bed. He was grateful the tears decided to hold off until he was alone.
He’s already plotting his his next move.
“You really mean that, don’t you?” he asked, unable to keep the astonishment out of his voice.
was his last conscious thought before falling into his first deep and restful night of sleep in months, the soft sounds of the violin soothing his dreams.
A full forty-five minutes, two scrubs and a thorough rinse later, Sherlock finally emerged, pink-cheeked and clad in dressing gown, feather soft T-shirt, and threadbare pajama bottoms that allowed a tantalizing display of his hipbones. John gave him a quick kiss before taking his turn in the shower, daydreaming about miles of milky white skin, storm grey eyes, and sinful lips wrapped prettily around his cock. He wrapped a palm around his burgeoning erection, and let his fantasies build, there was so much they hadn’t explored yet, so much John wanted to do for Sherlock, so many ways and places he wanted to worship him, to taste him, to have him. He abruptly pulled his hand away and leaned his head against the shower wall when he realized how close he was getting.
“I, uh, heard the star was supposed to get flowers, but I didn’t find that out until it was too late. This was the best I could do on short notice.”
“Yes, thanks to you, idiot.” Sherlock smiles. “What about you, are you hurt?”
John gives a mirthless laugh. “I suppose I have the two of you to thank for that,” he says, waving his hand between Mary and Sherlock.
“Dead. Shot in the head.” He nods toward John. “His gun?”
(Ok the soy was a bit much),
John laid there remembering how to breathe, his heartbeat slowly returning to normal. He figured he should probably move, clean up a bit, but at the moment, he couldn't begin to muster up the energy. This, this is all he wanted. Sherlock, in his arms. And he didn’t ever want to let go. Sherlock squirmed a bit underneath him, and John moved off, slipping to the side and grabbing the nearest item of clothing, his pants, to clean off himself then passed it to Sherlock to do the same.  Sherlock tossed the pants over the bed, and rolled to face John. For all his bravado all evening, he suddenly looked small and unsure.
“Oh, John, please, I need-”
“Because you never looked at me like that once he came back,” Mary says nodding at the two of them.
“And brilliant. You solved that case in two hours. Flat. It’s amazing watching you work, you know. And incredibly, incredibly arousing.”
Presently, we are sat in the train carriage on our way back to London, and the fatigue has caught up with my dear companion. I glance across the small compartment to the unusual picture of Holmes in repose. It is not often that he lets himself relax, actually stops moving long enough for sleep to catch him and pull him under, but when it does, it's a sight that never fails to make my heart expand. His gorgeous face, which I have admired in both day, with my eyes, and night, with lips and fingers, is serene, composed into a slumbering mask of beauty. He looks so far younger than his current years, the worry and strain of our profession wiped from those features. His hands, violinist’s hands, rest peacefully in his lap. How I adore his hands. Large and soft, tender and strong, during our nights those hands have massaged and caressed my skin, pulled forth cries and incantations from my lips as they have wrung the pleasure from my body. Just thinking now of all that lay ahead once we reach our destination has me flushed and eager, thoughts of chiseled planes and smooth alabaster skin pervading my brain. We are quite alone in the private carriage car Holmes has procured for us, and it is tempting to risk fate, close the distance between us, trail my fingers and lips up those long legs and take our release right here on the plush cushions. But to do so is madness, a step too far. So I remain on my side, looking for all the world as nothing more than two men sharing a train ride, when the truth is I would share everything with this man.
So when he walked back into that empty flat, after watching John dance away with Mary, his eyes alighted on that chair. He knew, in that moment, that John’s essence was gone. His space in 221b was no longer needed because he was with her. Sherlock curled himself into John’s chair, inhaling the last remnants of John that he could and let the icy wave of sadness wash over him. And as the tears fell over the lapels of his morning jacket, he vowed to not let John’s memory become ordinary. Not let other people take it away. No one would use or take what was rightfully John’s.
Sherlock gulped, tamping down on the sudden wave of arousal at the implication in John’s words. “Oh, and what would that entail?” He asked, voice trembling only slightly.
“John-” Sherlock starts.
“What do you need, Sherlock? I’m here.”
John kissed down, tongue leaving hot trails on Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard on his collar bone. Sherlock moaned, his hands threading into John’s hair and holding tight.
From that very first night, every happy moment is wrapped in you. I’ve loved you, John, so long, and so much. My sole regret is that I never told you in words what you meant to me, and now I will never have the chance again.
And what John likes? Is slowly driving Sherlock insane.
“It’s exactly the same!” Mary yells, taking a step forward, “You killed people under orders, and so did I.”
“I’ve played that twice now.”
Sherlock has to lean forward to hear, his ear nearly pressed to John’s lips. “Scarf,” John repeats. Sherlock whips off his scarf, and presses firmly on the wound. Sherlock shifts and gently cradles John’s head in his lap.
“Sherlock -- there, god.
“Hmm?”
thank you so much for fixing my issues and smacking me with a newspaper when stuff didn't work.
“And Lestrade was pleased.”
As many times as he’d imagined this moment, he found he was not prepared for this, the feeling of John, in his bed, kissing him with such abandon. The feel of John’s hands threading through his curls, his lips trailing kisses down his jaw, his neck. It was delicious, and heady, and Sherlock needed more.
“Dr Oberhauer?” he asks.
Suddenly it all comes flooding back. Sherlock looking so pained in that moment. More scared than John had ever seen him, his brow creased with worry. His hands trembling as they carefully removed his clothing to search for the wound. His voice, pleading with John to hold on, to fight, to stay with him. And something else? Or was John imagining things?
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut at the pain he can hear behind John’s words. He knows without a doubt, that this whole mess is all his fault. And not just this, here today, but the past three years. All him. If only he could have found another way to beat Moriarty. If he hadn’t left in the first place, jumped off that roof, would any of this had happened? It’s a question he asks himself almost every day, and has yet to come up with an answer. All he knows is he’d do whatever it takes to keep John safe. And right now, that involves somehow getting Mary’s attention back on him.
