John sat on the floor with her, so Rosie could sit up between his bent knees. Cradling her while she fed wasn’t the best option now she was trying out solid foods, but Rosie still fretted unless he or Sherlock were close to her. She seemed to like this though, sitting on a soft blanket between their knees, able to clutch at their hands or legs, surrounded by warmth and safety, watching her fathers as they talked to her and encouraged her to try new foods. Rosie, it had to be said, also found it enormous fun to smear purees that did not meet with her approval all over Daddy and Papa’s clothes, hands, hair and faces.
Harry squinted at it too. “Yep. There’s Regulus, see. Goes up there to – what’s it called? Gamma Leonis-“
He pushed John’s shirt up and kissed his belly a few times, because he liked John’s hairy belly a lot. Then he pulled up John’s jocks and trousers, neatly tucked in the shirt and did up the buttons, dabbed daintily at the corners of his mouth and reached for the bottle of champagne and took a long swallow of it.
Sherlock flopped onto the sofa and gave in to a huge, melodramatic sigh, even if there was nobody to hear it but himself.
The occupants were every bit as insufferable as John imagined they’d be. Harry smirked at them and then waggled mischievous eyebrows at Mycroft, who rolled his eyes in reply. Giles and Leandra looked ridiculously pleased and approving, though distracted at least from their revived grief.
“Little fucker reminds me of a creepy social worker we had at Downview. Liked to look like he was doing good, but the way he used to smile when anyone got in trouble. I’m pretty sure he set a couple of the girls up. He was in love with the sound of his own voice, giving advice and shit. Tried it on me once but I wasn’t any fun for him. I don’t cry. He liked other people’s suffering. So what’s Culverton Smith getting up to?”
‘I do like a friend with benefits,’ murmured Aramis. He rolled closer, hands splayed across Porthos’s bare hips, kissing the soft skin of Porthos’s throat.
Jack Watson turned out to have liberated the bottle of scotch from the drinks table. He splashed a large measure into Sherrinford’s empty tumbler.
Sherlock’s hair fell slightly over his forehead in the way it never usually did away from home, but exactly how John loved it. Sherlock was so handsome in his suit, his grey eyes bright with warmth and welcome.
That made Sherlock laugh. Scant hours later in Baker Street, Sherlock tested that hypothesis with eye, hand, tongue and prick, while John sent new wordless cries heavenward and spent himself with dizzy pleasure on the duvet.
“Daddy is used to big fusses,” said Sherlock to Rosie, still rocking her slightly. “Papa is just one big fuss all the time.”
“I managed to make lunch, anyway,” said Harry, resigned to her fate as a failed bread maker. “We can wait till the munchkin is settled though, yeah? Here, plant your arses, I’ll get coffee on. Yeah, I know. Tea for you, Giles. Skim milk, one sugar for you Lea. Sherlock, you want tea or coffee? Or maybe I should get you a Berocca, you still look a bit shady.  Fuck, you’ve got a way with that kid. She asleep?”
“Yeah. Her mum’s dead and her dads are both madder than a box of frogs. It’s so fucked up. Oh. Sorry Rosie honey. Your auntie’s got a gutter mouth.” Harry kiss-kiss-kissed the top of Rosie’s head.
The first time Martin Crieff kissed a princess he forgot to be terrified. He forgot how clumsy he was with women, he forgot that he never knew where to put his nose, he forgot to tell himself that she was way out of his league.
In the loamy warmth of the Pop Up Garden shed, surrounded by potting mix and trowels and a shelf of seedlings, John Watson-Holmes was handfeeding his husband with bites of pavlova.
“See you soon, Rosie Rose!” sang back Mrs Hudson. John grinned at the pair of them, in his dark blue morning suit.
That night, after Rosie was asleep, her three parents fell laughing into bed at the Watson’s flat, John mock-growling until his ears were rubbed, then other places.
“To find out a little more about the Garridebs. John Garrideb may have learned these things about Eurus from his cousins, but it’s hard to imagine those two paying that much attention to a child, at their age.”
John cuddled her and she sobbed and he rocked her in his arms and she sobbed and he was very near sobbing himself, half in frustration and half in helpless distress at her distress.
“You really are in the wrong line of business,” said the man, with such an understanding smile that John felt he could tell him anything. It turned out that he need say almost nothing, however, as the man continued: “Not that you ever expected to be the proprietor of this coffee house.”
That, Ford decided, was because no Holmes had looked for her till now. He’d made a hobby of analysing her last known location and how weather and sandstorms and tremors might have moved her since then. He’d used supercomputers and his incredible brain that, like his fathers could assess a multitude of factors and come up with something that was as much intuition as science, and today his metal detector had given him readings consistent with a robot of 21
. You romantic devil.' John leaned right so he could get his fingers more easily into his left pocket. He withdrew a slip of paper. Unfolding it, he found a new instruction.
“Smoke?” she offered, taking one out for herself. He held out his hand. She lit the one in her hand, drawing in a short breath to get it burning, then transferred it to his fingers. Mycroft took a long drag while she lit one for herself.
John straightened and bent from the hips instead of the knees to give Sherlock a better view of his arse, then returned to the bed with the bottle of lube.
His own fault of course. He’d determined to be terribly English about it all. He’d determined to make them hard and tough and to use their brains instead of their hearts, because where did that lead you except to heartbreak?
Sherlock’s car had already gone when John reached Baker Street. Mrs Hudson held Rosie’s hand while he climbed into the black car, then helped the little girl in her white and ruby red tulle dress to get in beside him.
Harry grinned, hugged him, hugged John, pretended to eat Rosie’s fingers to make Rosie squeal with delight, and left with the Holmes seniors.
Finally, the rest of his family were able to approach them. Greg wheeled Mycroft alongside the bed and retreated to a corner, out of the way.
“That really was unkind of him. Look.” John drew back slightly. “This is first kiss territory, this. No tongue yet. Just. Nice.”
Leandra pulled up at John and Mary’s flat. Leandra and Giles, John and Sherlock, alighted onto the street.
Respectfully meant, Sherlock supposed, though it was the place where modern strangers debated the virtues or otherwise of his John’s old soul. His Richard.
A muffled, cranky cough emerged from the baby monitor. John jumped to his feet and headed through the kitchen to their room, where Rosie had been set down for a nap. He returned with her in his arms, nose brushing against her hair.
Rosie clapped her hands and demanded a dance too, and her Poppy Giles lifted her up to whirl her around the dance floor.
“You know,” said a new voice, “There’s this thing about Australia. White people came here, as convict or settlers, to break free of old things.”
“He thinks I sent him here to fetch his brother home, because I thought the police were right. That’s not why I sent him here.” Sherrinford hadn’t believed Sherlock was a killer, despite that idiot policeman. It was in its way fortunate other murders had occurred once Sherlock left the country. It left his innocence in no doubt.
They tilted towards each other and messy kissed. Someone walking past them in a YES rainbow T-shirt cheered them. Molly and Sally saluted the well-wisher with their champagne, discovered the glasses were empty and poured a third round.
“You’re a good listener,” she’d said. “You have such pretty ears for it.” She’d giggled. She’d tweaked the top of his left ear, which was blushing hot with the odd compliment, and leaned close and whispered, “Nobody at home ever lets me talk about aeroplanes.”
A heavy set Italian man was acting as DJ and hooting his encouragement as the men danced, flushed and laughing and singing.
“I have two hours,” she’d said on the phone (her voice made him so happy). “I know you have four to spare. Meet me. Wear your medals.” That extraordinary giggle, which somehow laughed
“It would be lovely if you could come back to Baker Street,” said Mrs Hudson, dabbing at her eyes. “I know it’s not really set up for baby. Oh. I suppose that means Sherlock will come here?” Her face fell, then brightened, “Though if he moved all those smelly experiments down to 221C it might work. It’s still empty, and I’d rather you had it than any strangers. Well, think about it, anyway.”
They kissed, melding each to the other with lip and tongue. They murmured low sighs of contentment to be thus reconnected with warmth and breath, heartbeat against heartbeat. They kissed their gladness to the sound of birds in the trees; the snapping of the banners atop the hill; the distant hum of cars on country roads.
‘Send a loaf to Mrs Hudson when you try it, then. Surely we owe her about a hundred loaves now, for the scones alone.’
Rosie had dozed off in Sherlock’s arms, still nursing from the bottle. John pulled it away. Rosie made an aggrieved sound but settled again.
Giles, bewildered, put his hand in his pocket to rattle the change thrown in with his keys. “A few pounds, I suppose.”
John has a panic attack. Harry gives him tough love, big sister style. Harry and Molly take Rosie to the park while John tries to get his shit together. Grieving is hard and slow, and not only for the husbands.
Greg pulled Mycroft close again and they enjoyed a long slow pash as Sally finished the end of the Ceberano song and Molly insisted that she wanted to sing
The unexpected visitor to the wedding reception is only half sure why he's here. Luckily, there are no-nonsense people around to help him see straight.
“The other one.” Garrideb became tense again, then fidgety. “Oh. And you’re…?” He glanced at John and flinched slightly. "Dr Watson, then." He looked at Rosie. “You’ve got a baby.” When they made no answer, he looked at Sherlock again. “Why are you asking about me?”
Over the last few months, while the Australian government shirks its law-making duty and outsources its human rights obligations to a survey, tempers have flared. Sally has told anyone trying to justify the No camp to fuck right off.  Mrs Hudson has let her.
“They must have natural enemies that limit the increase of the creatures. Restaurants must do their part. Eat an oyster, save the world.”
“You’re going to get kneed in the bollocks in a minute if you don’t shut up and listen. You said you wanted technique. This is technique. Shut the fuck up and pay attention.”
“You’ve been busy,” Sherlock observed with a glance, before taking another bite of dinner and returning his gaze to the sleeping baby. John ate one-handed too, his other hand resting on Sherlock’s knee.
“Harry has taken Mycroft’s prosthetic to her room,” said Sherlock suddenly, “With four tins of paint.”
When Greg proposed, Mycroft cried. He cried again when he verbalised his yes after three minutes of simply nodding and clinging to Greg’s shoulders. He cried again making the suits, and choosing the ties, and watching Greg make their shoes.
Slow, sure, patient, precise, Ford had been stalking information for years. Mountains of data on the final messages; on Martian weather patterns and detailed topographical maps. He’d pursued dozens of theories to amass leads and map them against the data he’d collected.
John’s jacket had been thrown over a low ladder. His braces were off his shoulder, his trousers unbuttoned and pushed down, his jocks too, and while Sherlock sucked John’s pavlova-sweet fingers, Sherlock was wanking his beloved brand new husband with gooey fingers, coated in the inappropriate yet effective lubricant of sticky pavlova filling and cream.
Initially Greg had hoped to be showered with confetti and tears in the Botanic Gardens, but garden weddings were usually booked a year ahead and there was no way he was going to wait that long.
John was almost straddling him, holding ferociously tight, until John shifted to sit on the floor, pulling Sherlock into his lap. Still holding so tight, so tight. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John too, clinging just as hard.
John found he believed him utterly, and trusted to his good intentions. Not only for his handsome face, but for the way his lovely eyes promised some kind of adventure. John was discovering, in these last few minutes, that in spite of his terrible fall at Maiwand, in spite of the death of his father and brother in so short a space, in spite of his own impoverishment and lack of prospects and the burden of this business he’d never wanted – he felt very much in the vein for an adventure with Sherlock Holmes.
John looked over his shoulder at Harry. “Sorry. For. Thanks for staying last night. She just. She misses Mary.”
He turned to take her to the nursery then thought better of it. He sat on the edge of the bed instead. “John.”
Running a bookshop meant tolerating a lot of theoretically intolerable things from the customer, but Dopheld had his limits.
He only saw John. Smiling like the sun. Moustache waxed to elegant perfection, heartbreakingly handsome in his suit, in the shoes he’d stained the rich green-black himself (matching the ones he’d patinaed for Sherlock, just one floor up in his own studio). John who knew him, and whom he knew, and so they made each other real and solid and made each other fit into the world at last.
“Leaona would have approved of anything that made you smile like you were smiling when I arrived. Dancing with your… your husband. Even to such a silly song.”
Sherlock spread his legs wider, pushed his nipples up into John’s palms, pushed John’s hands down against them, pushed his hips up. “Fuck…me…”
Everything Sherrinford had ever hoped for Mycroft and Sherlock evaporated in the realisation that what he thought he’d wanted for them was actually for himself. A kind of substitute for love, as though they’d insulate the boys and him from their great loss. They’d never wanted power or wealth or influence, the way he’d perceived those things after Leaona had died.
“This vying for supremacy is ludicrous,” declares Sherlock suddenly for all to hear.  His voice carries but it is calm and stern, like Miss Pirbright calling the children to order for a school trip. “Children are individuals with varying skills, interests and rates of development. This urge to diminish their personal individuality does them a disservice. Comparing Rosie’s skeletons to Juliette’s cat poem or Meaghan’s watercolours as though it’s a competition is unworthy of our children and clearly the result of parental insecurity. Using children to wage a futile social war is at best meaningless and at worst is unjust to each child’s unique gifts.”
“I promise,” he said, solemnly, kindly, and most sincerely. “You’re nervous, and you’ve no need to be.”
And for all the content was very much to his liking, as much as he had a choice to like or not in this arrangement, he was also delighted to find that his new husband Sherlock Holmes was a looker. Mesmerising eyes. Mesmerising arse too, if he was honest. He seemed as annoyed as John was at the conjoining-the-clans necessity, but dutiful sons did their inevitable duty, and on paper they were a good match.
For the eleventh trope of xmas, my fanfic gave to me, an angel who won't believe in soulmates and the fall of Moriarty.
“Things were strained with John too, for a long time. He served in Afghanistan. I don’t know if you know that.”
And tomorrow, when Sherlock gets back from Galway—which is a very nice city in the very lovely country of Ireland which is an island right next to England's island—he will find his husband and their daughter passed out on the sofa,
“I’d be furious with your brother for not going to see mine, if I wasn’t certain he’s just as fucked up as Johnnie,” she said. ‘Molly says he’s kind of living in a nest he’s made at the end of the sofa. I don’t think I was meant to tell you that. Your mum thinks you’ve got enough to worry about.”
has come to town,” Sherlock grumbled as he straightened his shirt and trousers and turned to place a calming hand on Rosie’s back. That was mostly so he could collect his own calmness too, as he and John exchanged
‘How’s my little girl, hmm? Making a big fuss.” He traced his finger down her chin and throat to her chest and tapped it there. Her big blue eyes tried to follow the path.
“Precisely the point that caused Mycroft such agitation. My brother’s not at his best just now. He should be more agitated that Garrideb knew those things about her at all.”
“Yes.” He kissed John’s brow then, and a second time. “It’s strange,” he continued at last. “I left England thinking he hated me. Mycroft too, I think. Mycroft used to be such a prig. We fought all the time. Today he was my best man. My brother. Coming to Australia saved him, I think. I think it may have saved me too.”
Behind his newspaper John Watson-Holmes quietly lost his shit, Sherlock chastised him for the ridiculous things 'our daughter is learning from you' and everyone thought that was the end of that.
John felt all of these as he turned and ran, so fast, so fast, not fast enough, back up the mountain path towards the Reichenbach Falls where he had so stupidly left his beloved to face his fate alone.
“It doesn’t make you a bad person, Sherlock, if you would like the comfort of sex with John. It doesn’t mean you loved Mary less, or that you’re somehow over her before he is. Grief is not a competition. After Eurus. Well. Well.” Giles cleared his throat. “Your mother and I. I was. Not much in the mood, as you say. But your mother wanted so much to be held. To find comfort in. Intimacy. But we talked, and we realised that intimacy can mean many things. So the. The cuddling and the holding hands and kissing are good. You both need that. Perhaps you can do other things too. Even with a little one around, you can… hug more. Cuddle more. I used to brush your mother’s hair for her. I told her how much I loved her. It was good for us both, Sherlock. Nobody was in the wrong. How we lived through our grief for your sister was different, but not better or worse, or more or less meaningful. Just different. We talked and we tried to always be there for each other, and eventually we were back on the same wavelength.”
At John’s place, Harry let herself in. She’d liberated John’s keys a day after the funeral so she could get a set cut, in case he just didn’t answer the door again. That had only happened the once, and she’d found him cradling a sleeping Rosie, her empty bottle on the table next to them, John gazing at his daughter’s face like he was afraid if he moved she’d vanish.
“I’ve been thinking about that too, today,” added John quietly but warmly. “You’re right. I don’t have to feel guilty. We’re not cheating on her.”
“I made a bear! See!” A curl of cardboard makes the snout; a larger tube the body. She’s bound sticks together with string so that it has knees. She’s drawn the claws and teeth on in red.
John surged up to kiss him again, deep, wet, hungry kisses, before he sat up and scooted back along Sherlock’s thighs.
Greg and Mycroft kept the farewells mercifully brief. The bags for tomorrow’s trip to Lorne were already in the honeymoon suite, and they had wedding guests to finish hosting, and also a small bet as to whether Molly, Sally and Harry Watson would go home together. (Mycroft said
Chewie came out for another two boxes of books. He grumped about being left to this work alone, but did it.
“Clinic will take too long. Travel, waiting time, fussing about asking questions you already know the answer to. Besides, I saw a thing once in Tibet…” Sherlock had lifted their sick little girl into his arms and cradled her. “There now, Watson. Papa’s going to make it better right away, no waiting.”
John regarded the beautiful man splayed wantonly on the bed with a stirring combination of wonder, delight, possessiveness, yearning, satisfaction and bright-sparking lust. What a glory his Sherlock was.
Mrs Hudson produced Rosie’s little bee, hand washed after being rescued from Sherlock’s misery nest at the end of the sofa. “Bzzzz, bzzzz, bzzzz!”
Giles stood at his wife’s side, his hand resting on his boy’s shoulder. Sherlock raised his haunted eyes to meet his father’s.
The red-haired man stared at Phillip and seemed about to speak, but only sneezed again. Philip dropped the cigarette and ground it out with his heel.
Lestrade had cuffed Smith, who was still laughing and boasting of his many and rather more successful murders until this point, babbling like an overflowing sewage pipe, full of ripe and foul vanity for his black achievements. The midazolam and the telling and the looks on their funny little faces.
“It’s not like it even matters,” complains Sally. She’s here well before her usual midday stirring. Three coffees down already, a fresh latte already in front of her. “It’s a non-binding plebiscite,” she continues bitterly. “All this fucking around, all this ‘let’s debate if queers are actually human’ and there’s no guarantee it’ll even stick.”
“It’s all right, sweetie,” he called out to her, “Daddy’s just helping Papa look in the well. See?” He waved to her. Rosie stared at him quizzically, then scrunched up her eyes and yelled.
That wise Mrs Hudson was right. Mycroft and Sherlock had just enough of those things for a good life, and they had love, too.  So much of it.
“M sorry,” he slurred. “I want. To be. Be. Good enough. To.” His eyes cut to John; to the bear still tucked under Greg’s arm. “I have to do better. I should have saved Mary. I can't fail again.”
Rosamund Of-the-Many-Names-When-Poppa-Is-Angry bowed her four-year-old head, said "yeth your majethty," and exited the sitting room with grace and a sarcastic back. (Yes, yes you can if you've learnt from the best.)
“I woke up,” said John. He sat in his usual chair in the usual room saying the usual things, which was not much at all.
Bart smelled of Rosie and he’d almost cried when John gave it to him. Better to have sent John from the room, though. Culverton Smith was bound to have received the text message Sherlock had sent him early this morning. Smith would likely be here soon.
John’s got too much pride to make bad coffee for anyone, even people who don’t think he should be allowed to get married, and anyway, they don’t get many of the naysayers in Captains of Industry.
“He worried about you, all the time,” said Leandra sternly, “He was only a little boy when Euros died, and it ate him up. We thought it best to get everyone away from such unhappiness. Victor had already moved, and you weren’t very happy yourself after that.”
It also ended with Watson & Sons becoming as Mrs Hudson’s Tea Shop, a new flatmate for John in the neglected and lonely upstairs rooms of the building, and the incontrovertible knowledge Sherlock Holmes was both an excellent kisser and the best adventure a former army doctor could ever have.
Across the room, Smith’s voice, laughing. “The saline is full of sedative. He’ll be slipping away soon. Overdosed. I still win.”
Sherlock, of course, can braid Rosie’s hair into cornrows, French plaits, pigtails and the fancy “Princess Leia” arrangement that Rosie insisted on after binge watching Star Wars with John one bank holiday weekend. Plus he can do all this whilst reading a crime report from Lestrade or completing the Times crossword. It infuriates John.
John. He believes, after a fashion. He doesn’t know if he and Sherlock were destined, but he does know that they chose each other. Whether or not this is a plan of God’s, they live as they have always chosen to live – standing shoulder to shoulder to bring a little justice to the world, leave a little less pain where they can.
He chewed his lip. “Would you mind. If. I understand that this is. Not precisely. Good.” He put his hands in his pockets.
The other man puts his hand on Mycroft’s on the table, leans close to whisper. Mycroft… smiles? Like. A genuine smile, small but warm, and he … he… offers his cheek for kissing.
Sherlock swigged the beer, belched politely into his fist, then, with the primmest expression imaginable, said,
Harry smiled wearily. “I guess so. I don't actually know what I've come for. Seemed the thing. It sucks to be hanging onto all those monkeys and be alone too. I'll piss off back to the house if you want.”
Sherlock flicked the light off again as they left the motorhome, but not before seeing Harry pushing Mycroft in his wheelchair back towards the Hall. After they’d passed, he set off in the direction his brother had just left, John at his side.
“Bother the theory, Sherlock. The books can only tell you so much. The rest is between parent and child. You and John both lost a woman you loved very much. Rosie lost her mother. She may not be old enough to talk about it, but she knows. Babies can’t articulate, but they feel. Forget the books and the mumsy blogs or whatever they’re called. Rosie needs to feel safe and loved, and you both need that too. You just do what you feel is right, as long as Rosie is thriving. When she needs something different, you’ll know.”
That little hitch was still there in John’s voice when he said her name. Well, it was there when Sherlock said it too. Sherlock caught John’s hand up in his.
“Hey,” she said to the still shape in his chair. She waited for him to tell her to go away. He didn’t.
“None of the above, as far as I know. He’s gone for a walk on the new prosthetic with his father and a walking stick.”
Mycroft heard the door to his private room creak open and tried to summon the motivation to open his eyes. See who it was.
“Of course not. Little Watson is the apogee of adorable babies. Go on then, sell the old pile. It’s not like I’ve been to see it since we left.”
Rosie gurgled and drooled on him a bit while Sherlock fetched the little pot of strained pea puree, thinned with a little formula, which she’d loved yesterday, but hated this morning. John had got most of it out of Sherlock’s hair, where she’d wiped it.
“You can eat one-handed. I made spag bol. Not spag bol. No spag.  So we’ve got macaroni bol. ” She arched an eyebrow at John. “What? I
“Most attractive man I know,” said Sherlock. “In character, looks, personality. I tend to put people off.”
Khan’s heart beat fast as it ever had in battle, but he only moved behind Richard to cradle and rock him through the birthing pains. Richard breathed deep, exhaled long, and felt the life within him prepare to dive into the waking world beyond. He did not fear or regret her going - this glade was not for her. The living, waking world awaited.
Sherlock closed his eyes tight and turned his face away. “No. If I’m to have a doctor, make it a specialist.”
“Survive. Endure. Live and raise Rosie. She needs her parents. Her papa as well as her dad. And I need you. I love you. I love you, Sherlock.”
Rosie spits pureed pumpkin out her mouth and down her chin and on his shirt he’s been wearing for three days. It’s partly residual tongue-thrust reflex and partly the poor night sleep, which could be because her first teeth might be coming through. Partly it’s because her Papa has been away for 36 hours and Daddy is a tiny bit worried and also had to do all the getting up to crying Rosie all by himself for a change.
“Twat,” said John, but he was laughing. He took hold of Sherlock’s smeared lapel and drew him down for a brief kiss before, almost self-consciously, he broke away.
Rosie was a born water baby. She splashed and gurgled, kicking water all over her fathers with feet and fists. John used the baby soap sparingly on her belly, arms and hands. Sherlock sluiced water over her and played with her feet to make her laugh.
For the tenth trope of Xmas my fanfic gave to me the Holmes/Watson offspring and an ode to Mars Opportunity.
His soul and Richard’s had defied time and space to find each other, lives and centuries beyond their respective monstrous deaths. They had met again, reincarnated in John and Sherlock. At the good end of those long, good lives, the universe had granted them this - that for all their lives to come, across all the worlds which might have need of them, Khan-and-Richard would live within John-and-Sherlock.
Greg strut-sways back to the stage and he does his stuff on the boards as Siren Dippity, swaying and synching to McColl.
Then he meets a genius. That genius woos him with adventure. Those adventures leave their lives pear-shaped for awhile, but eventually? The genius and the doctor fall in love, marry, create a good life.
OD glances to the door where two tall, strong beefy blokes are scoping out the table. They’re very aware of the kind of fuckwits who come here sometimes. OD is momentarily quelled. He pushes out from the table, making the chair scrape on the floor, and marches off to the gents with a snarled, “Wait here,” at Mycroft.
Leandra Holmes, refusing to cry, strode through the sea of paper to her boy to pull him into her arms. He went limply, let himself be hugged without responding.
The two men retreated with tumblers of scotch, and Sherrinford was grateful that Jack didn’t ask any more questions. He was less grateful that, instead, he talked.
These tiny wee (poo) snippets came about when 221b_hound was delighted to think how Sherlock would react the first time Rosie poo-ed while sitting on Mycroft's lap.
“My life has been based on science and logic,” said Sherlock, holding John’s hands and looking into his eyes with such intensity that it seemed he wanted to build a direct channel of feeling between them. “Through John I have found my life’s work of deduction and consulting detective work. Yet it would mean nothing if not for love. My love for John, and his for me, give me assurance that there is goodness in the world. Love is extra. John’s presence in my life is an embellishment of it, not a condition, and surely it is only goodness that gives extras. John is the embodiment of all the good in my life, and my vow is that every day, I will endeavour to give that goodness back to him in equal or surpassing measure.”
“Of course. Better wait until Rosie’s with your mum and dad, though. Hardly takes his eyes off that kid when she’s around. Except to look at John of course. Soppy bastards.”
Mary, holding Rosie on her hip, stopped blowing little kisses at her daughter to say, “It’s just a walk in the sun though, isn’t it?”
In the morning, Sherlock was declared fit to leave, especially as his partner was a doctor and could continue to monitor his health at home.
This brings us to Rosemund Holmes-Watson's very first and perhaps most profound enthusiasm, which manifest in her eighth month of life and was for flip-flops. As in flip-flops, the inexpensive, rubbery footwear with a thong between the toes.
“Shush, honey. Rosie, shush. I’m right. Here. I’ll be. With you. In a second. Just have. To get. Your lumbering great. Papa. Out of. This bloody. Well.”
Sherlock snorted in that very scornful way of his. “Of course you wouldn’t.” Then he tilted his head to look at John bobbing out there in the water. “Why would you even think such a thing? You saved my life when there was no hope I could save the Scarlet. You have saved my life time and again, John. But as you love me, stay back.”
“Fuck, yeah, you’re right. Shit.” Harry held out her finger. Rosie promptly seized it and shook Harry’s hand around like it was a toy before gnawing gummily at the knuckle. Molly hunted up the octopus and handed it over. Rosie grabbed it and started sucking on one of its legs.
It was the act of daydreaming about a baby who actually sleeps that caused John Watson, body wedged up against the blood pressure machine and the wall, to pass clean out, mouth wide open, with restful little wheezes coming out of it.
, for how, as Mycroft disengaged the brakes, the DI simply seized the back of the wheelchair and pushed as he ran, full tilt, through the hospital. When it seemed that Mycroft might become unseated as they took a corner, Lestrade reached over the back of the chair to haul Mycroft back into the seat with a fistful of Mycroft’s pyjamas. When someone yelled at them to stop, Lestrade managed to grab his badge with one hand, yell back “Police emergency!” and kept on running. He tossed the badge into Mycroft’s lap and Mycroft held it up like it would magically clear the path, which it somehow did, as he shouted directions to the DI.
Greg lowered himself to the ground beside Mycroft, who was hiding behind one of the raised garden beds in the rooftop garden.
“Han not around today?” Phas asked beer guy. She was looking at his dark silky hair and the constellation of moles on his face and a certain sheepish smile on his face, all of which gave her ideas. Not for herself, of course. This brat wasn’t a patch on her sweet Dophe.
“Never to mind,” said Donovan grimly, “He's confessing so hard to it all right this minute, Polash here is having trouble getting it all down in his notebook.”
Once he’d shovelled enough dirt aside, making a little trench, Ford began to brush red soil and bits of stone aside too. Stupid to come out all this way to damage with carelessness what he’d sought for so long.
“Just letting you know I’ll be by tomorrow to get a statement about Smith, if you’re both up to it.”
John continued to make sure Rosie was nestled safely in the pushchair’s safety straps. His acute awareness of the man who spoke with a slight American accent wasn’t obvious, but he already knew how far away he stood, that he was slightly rather than solidly built, that his moving feet indicated nervousness, and that Sherlock was standing upright, between Rosie and the man confronting them outside the café.
Rosie made a happy noise and waved Ducky in her fist. The toy fell out of the pushchair. Sherlock picked it up, dusted it off and gave it back to Rosie.
Sherlock and John have stopped in front of each other. Not touching, unless you count their mutual gazes that go right past needing skin contact and light on each other’s souls instead.
When Mycroft offered him the handkerchief, Sherlock took it and dabbed his eyes. Handed it back. Got teary again.
“I don’t have time to spend years on it. I have a date with a serial library card thief in two days and I need to have sufficient skill to make second and third dates feasible.”
The gang was all there. Mrs Hudson in the kitchen, baking.  Greg was leaning at the doorway to Mycroft’s studio while the two of them compared cloth and leather samples for their mutual client, Sherrinford Holmes, who stood between them, expressing preferences for deep grey with a dark green twill and a matching deep green stain on the leather shoes Greg was designing for him.
“We should get Sherlock a dog,” said Mary to John, her tone half teasing, all fond, as she lifted Rosie into the carrier. “Loyal, handy on a case, he likes rubbing their ears…”
Only Theresa could say such things and make them sound like an invitation, a seduction. Her voice, that accent, her genuine interest and real understanding, her clever mind, her gently teasing wit.
When it was time to leave, Sherlock impatiently chivvied his laughing husband to the lift to the car park with a squeeze of his bum. Attempts at a quick getaway were thwarted by everyone lining up for hugs.
Greg turns, with his pretty eyes all made up and his pretty mouth painted bright and his lashes long and luscious.
“The curse and hope of convict Australia,” continued Greg, “was that people were sent for penance and punishment, and when their time was done they remade themselves.”
Sherlock pressed his cheek to John’s brow. “Yes. It is, isn’t it? Entirely unexpected. And. He hugged me. He hasn’t hugged me since I was six years old.”
John’s hips were hitching and he pumped into Sherlock’s grip. He bit his lower lips and grunted soft in counterpoint with Sherlock’s moans around his fingers.
“Come and see to your guests,” Mycroft urged them, “You show-offs.” You couldn’t tell he was chiding them because of his smile.
“You should know that I am a consulting detective, and I know my parents arranged me into this marriage so that I could be an embarrassment to somebody else for a change, but if you think I will cease to carry out my vocation, you are sorely mistaken!”
“Sorry, babe,” said Greg with a sigh. “Seemed like a good idea to invite him in. He’d come all this way, and he seemed. Sad.”
Aramis grinned at his comrade-in-arms. ‘The Madame de Brouillette is a deliciously impatient temptress, and the Count’s library is full of very comfortable chaises longues.’
'Sluggish morning brain, huh? You usually know what's in everyone's Christmas presents. And you tell them before they get to open them.'
(Kirsty McColl was the best!).  And he knows that Mycroft will recognise him. Of course he will. He’s a Holmes.
He listened to her walk to the side of the bed. Heard her take something from her pocket. Open a cigarette packet and extract a cigarette. He heard the flick of the lighter, the faint crackle of the tobacco as it burned, as she sucked on the filter. He smelled the smoke then too.
Two men. Two homes. The scent and the sunny day and the bells and birds reminded them both of the woman who had become a ghost; of a day some months past. When they were happy.
And so Richard had become. He had, through suffering, burned his past. Become a better man. He had found his Khan in Sherlock, who had suffered and burned too, in order to find his soulmate.
Where once fear and disgust had brutalised his already senseless form, Khan devoted his love. Whatever wounds had been earned and deserved, that Richard’s body had been precious to his Khan, as his soul was also precious.
Sherlock looked… bad. His skin too pale, almost as delicate as tissue paper, but bruised looking under the eyes, and from the dark stubble. He was haggard; curls a tangled fright. He winced as though the light was too bright.
Sherlock didn’t say ‘Be careful’ but John heard it anyway. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek. ‘I love you. I’ll be home as soon as I can.’
Because change happens whether we believe it will or won't, and if we're smart we figure out how to change with it.
“She doesn’t understand,” Sherlock protested, rising to kiss the top of Rosie’s head, then to kiss John’s ear.
“Drinking buddies, Ben. What, you think your sainted mom doesn’t get drunk and spill secrets to a sympathetic ear?”
Harry pushed open the door to the Baker Street flat, nose wrinkling in distaste. Mrs Hudson’s word of caution wasn’t wrong. Captain Cutecheeks was in a state.
He can only be grateful, as he hastily re-buttons to the sounds of Rosie’s protests, that the surprise striptease missed showing off the fading bruise of the lovebite on his right pec from that opportunist Afternoon Delight he and John had two days ago while Rosie had an unscheduled nap.
Occasional embarrassment among friends is nothing compared to Rosie pointing things out from the car and naming things herself: “Puppy! Pleeseman! Gubbage truck!” and remembering she’d pushed the dinosaur into your pocket “so you won’t be lonely without Daddy and me”.
Richard, more content than aroused – yet aroused too – tilted his head against Khan’s shoulder and gazed at the stars as though he loved it as well as he loved his Khan.
“No,” said Sherlock. “I’m not much in the mood myself. Little Watson. That is, Rosie. Her crib is in our room. He can’t sleep if she’s not where he can see her when he wakes up. If he can get to sleep at all.”
But perhaps he didn’t miss it as much as he thought he did, because after speaking to his mother by the old well, he’d taken five purposeful steps towards the gate, remembered he should tell John he’d be gone for a while, thought that John could do with a walk and decided Little Watson could use the fresh input for her data-hungry brain, and was back at the motor home before he knew it.
He had to stop distracting himself with thoughts of Culverton Smith, though, when Giles knocked on a door labelled ‘CS 01’ and softly entered.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him. His glittering eye looked below the waves where John’s cephalopod half writhed gracefully, golden brown limbs all spotted with palest cream, the suckers underneath a pale purple running to blues and reds. As the lower body met the upper, the golden brown smoothed into John’s tanned torso, his arms and hands, his face. His fine brown hair plastered wetly to his skull.
“I doubt it. But Harry has been invited. Perhaps we can amuse ourselves watching her wind up Mycroft.”
Khan pounced, making Richard roar with laughter as he was scooped up and carried to shore like a revered and glittering prize.
After despatching the tiresome i-dotting, Sherlock strolled into Leicester. A return to their hotel room was rendered unappealing by the lack of John within.
. Your deaths…” Giles stumbled. “Your deaths, as you rightly said Sherlock, will happen to other people. To your mother and me. To John. To your little girl. To your friends. The people who love you.”
“Less chance of me burning the house down,” Harry agreed, “My days of arson are meant to be behind me.”
Giles stood at the end of the bed and kept patting the tops of Sherlock's feet through the blankets. John moved reluctantly away so Leandra could kiss her boy’s cheek and forehead and messy hair.
“I had such ambitions for them,” he said softly. “I never thought they’d abandon all their prospects to come here. To stay
John reached for Sherlock and pulled him close, kissing his mouth, his throat. “Don’t be. Come here.”  He slid his hands underneath Sherlock’s soiled shirt, fingers warm against cool skin. Sherlock leaned into him again, kissing, then pressing his nose in under John’s throat to breathe in the heat and scent of him.
Look, John agrees with Sherlock, he does. He also knows their child is a four-year-old genius who does not have to be genius in everything. Of all the things John Watson wants for Rosemund, he wants most of all happiness and he has to acknowledge that the child may find that happiness in things neither of her fathers agree with. Still and all, John agrees, they need to talk to the child.
“I’d hardly call the local rag ‘the press’ Mummy,” said Sherlock. His fingers rested on Rosie’s right foot while she took her bottle in John’s lap. He and John leaned close against each other, a little easier together perhaps even than yesterday.
“Patches it is. Anything else?” Sherlock immediately looked wistful, and John smiled, because if anyone deserved an award for valour today, it was Sherlock. “A Terry’s dark chocolate orange it is then. And how about those Bakewell tarts you like? Or that pudding…”
“You’re so pretty,” breathed John, before he scooted back a little further and bent down again, to lick at the head of Sherlock’s cock, then down the silk-encased length of him. John nuzzled at Sherlock’s balls, further down between his thighs, up again, suckling the cloth wet and clinging. Sherlock tried to spread his legs, but they were trapped by his trousers around his knees and by John sitting lightly on his shins.
“She said. In my dream. Mary said it’s okay for us not to be okay. She said it's. It's okay for us to get better, too. For things to get better than they have been."
John didn’t even realise that had slipped out till it had, so he barrelled right on and hoped Sherlock woudln't deduce an entire bit of his sexual history he hadn't got round to mentioning. “But yeah, sure, I can give you some pointers.”
Harry tries to be a good friend, a good sister, a good aunt. Everyone is suffering. Everything's a mess. And now there's Culverton Smith.
His Dad emerged from the bathroom first. “Nice place you’ve got here, son.  Fancy.” His Australian accent had faded, though it was still present in the flat vowels and occasional tendency to run all the words together.
The effect was immediate as medicine: The congested child kicked her legs and shrieked so joyfully a mucus bubble came out her nose.
“So,” he said into the awkward silence of two men hiding under an elm tree outside his mother’s wedding reception. “Who are you hiding from?”
Sherlock left Howie Garrideb weeping in the dirt and ran to his brother. He slid to his knees and wrapped long arms around a man he’d almost never seen cry, never seen lost, never seen broken. Sherlock pulled Mycroft against his body, tucked his brother’s face against his throat, held him tight and rocked him.
John, holding the bear under one arm, followed Leandra and Giles down the corridor, to a bright walkway, its curved windows arched overhead, which led to the Culverton Smith wing.
He sat at the kitchen table with her and played peekaboo. She giggled a few times, but then fell quiet and wanted nothing more than a cuddle. He snugged her close and rocked her in his arms. For a moment he could almost feel Mary’s arms around his shoulders, her voice in his ear, “you big softie” and Sherlock’s violin. Just at the edge of his hearing. The ghosts of the life he'd loved.
Martin put his hands around Theresa’s waist and they wrapped themselves up in each other and kissed and kissed.
Harry slipped into the bathroom, dropped to her knees so she couldn’t be seen through the narrow sliver of textured glass, and waited. She could hear a male voice murmuring, a truncated protest, and then an unpleasant, too jolly laugh. Frowning, Harry went to her hands and knees – a technique she perfected as a child, listening to when it was safe to come out of the bedroom or into the house – then she put her ear to the crack under the door and listened.
“Co’ Kweet boots daddy” Rosie repeated as her head emerged from the layers of pale lilac tulle that made up her dress.
“We’re women, dear, we always have quite the network,” Mrs Hudson told him. “Molly says Harry says you haven’t done the shopping in a while, except for enough formula to survive the apocalypse. I’ve brought casseroles; scones and butter; bread and a few other things…” This she said as she unstacked the contents of the trolley onto the table. “So you have a few more days before you need to worry. There we go…”
“Well. Don’t you look pretty! Come on then, let’s get you into the dress. At this rate, you’ll outshine the bride.”
Giles waited with infinite patience for Sherlock to speak. It was rare enough that Sherlock had joined him on his evening constitutional, and perfectly obvious that he was pensive about some topic he intended to bring up, but Sherlock never had been much good at talking about things that troubled him.
“Johnnie! What fresh hell are you two up to now?” Harry’s eyebrows were raised at them, taking in Leandra’s distressed state, Rosie wriggling in John’s arms and Sherlock, damp, slimy and bedraggled, wrenching off the last of the harness they’d fashioned from rope.
“Besides, our writers group swear they need the stuff, and it’s how they pay for the use of the tables.”
“Bugger. Oh well. She’s still hot. But you’re right. Falling for straights is a one way trip to hell.” She nudged him, drawing his gaze away from Greg Lestrade.
Greg arrived then. “I’ll come back for you guys when I’ve got John sorted. John, Edie Murray says she’ll catch up with you at the studio, okay?”
Mycroft blew smoke into the branches. “I've been angry with Eurus for 36 years. And with myself.” He tilted his head to one side, stuck the cigarette between his lips and moved his wheelchair to get a better view. “Is that Leonis up there?”
John, a hand on Sherlock’s waist, somehow still hugging him as he moved, slipped behind Sherlock and kissed the nape of his neck. “This works too, and can be very intimate. More intimate, sometimes.”
“Explanations. Over some brew that isn’t coffee.  You have me terribly curious, you see, and as this is my family’s business, such as it is, I feel I may be of assistance in your matter of importance.”
“I have been consulted on a matter of some importance and secrecy,” Holmes replied, his tone conspiratorial and inviting.
Giles was quivering with emotion. So much of it. All of it. Fear and grief and rage and relief and desperate, desperate love. WHen he spoke, his gentle voice was ragged and rough with it all.
John smiled. “I’m thinking how much I love you. I’m thinking how happy I am we found each other. I’m thinking about whether I’m going to suck you off through those panties I know you’re wearing before or after I have my wicked way with you.”
“Good day, Mr Garrideb. Rosie, don’t throw Bunny at your Daddy, or I’ll keep him in my pocket with Ducky. Oh, there, darling, Papa didn’t mean to be mean. Here’s Bunny, here’s Ducky.”
is tight, fast-paced, compassionate, innovate and hella funny.”  Phas turned to the woman at the espresso machine. “Coffee all round, Rose! History’s being made!”
As if to underscore the point, Rosemund added a flourish of fuchsia lipstick to her stick figure, nodded her head with finality, announcing, "A printheth!"
“No church,” said Mrs Hudson as she materialised at her wise boyfriend’s side. “And it was a private ceremony. And you are….?”
And before John could properly form a protest, Sherlock had sealed his mouth over her congested little nose…
John, exhausted, leaned, his weight leaden against the tiles. But he sighed when Sherlock soaped up the sea sponge and washed his back, his arms, backside, legs. Sherlock steadied him as the turned John to wash his chest, stomach, between his legs. Gentle and thorough, careful and caring.
At first John thought Sherlock packed their things with specific results in mind. The book, the pen and the fact Sherlock never took Rosie’s current favourite dummy or toy said yes; the gnawed on rusk and the sock said no.
Harry didn’t obviously watch him, though he knew she was doing so. He half resented it, but the other half felt if not safe then at least… not alone. His big sister had always done her best, in her own messed up way, to look out for him. Instead of hovering, though, Harry took up a basket of clean washing and began folding it. It was all Rosie’s clothing. He hadn’t washed for himself in over a week. Nearly two? Since before the funeral. Longer maybe. But Rosie had clean clothes. He kept the sink clean for Rosie. He’d tried so hard. And it was still shit.
came the sound. In Sherlock’s voice. A message alert he hadn’t heard for weeks. Mary had made the recording and assigned it to Sherlock’s number.
John looked for his black coat, couldn’t find it, dragged on another and, with the bear under his arm, ran out to find a cab.
On his fourth night from home, Sherlock didn’t feel the triumph of it. He felt lonely and demoralised. It was much too late to phone John – the ring tone would have woken Rosie – and so Sherlock lay in bed, with John’s Sonic Screwdriver pen in the hands he’d folded under his chin, and gazing at Buzzy Bee on the pillow beside him.
John knew the problem. Pocks the Fox was nowhere to be found. Pocks the Fox was last seen in the vicinity of Sherlock’s overnight bag as he threw things in, willy nilly, for the sudden trip.
“Hey.” Sherlock could practically hear the smile over the phone. “That’s what mates are for, right?”
Rosie hitched on his hip at last, John slid an arm around Sherlock’s waist and kissed his cheek. “I’ve been thinking about what we talked about the other night.”
He put an arm around her shoulders. He took her hand in his, squeezed it. He continued to stare at the well.
Although Sherlock tries not to take Rosie’s toys with him, well, somehow, Buzzy Bee has gone on most of Sherlock’s trips from home. So, come to that, has John’s watch. At night, Sherlock will Facetime his family, read a story to Rosie, then goes to sleep with the ticking of the watch and those solemn, friendly bee eyes to keep him company.
“Judging by the panels you attend, the books you buy, the authors you talk to, you like military science fiction. Political thrillers. Philosophically inspired fantasy. You want to expand what Skywalker does into less rigid, more imaginative areas.”
Garrideb flinched. “No. I didn’t come to look for the knife. I came. I came to tell Mr Holmes.” He looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to Giles Holmes, clutching hard to his wife’s hand, staring at him with an expression so full of tumbled feelings that it seemed like a storm had taken possession of his soul. “I came to tell you what happened. So you can take me to the police. So we can make an end to it. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. She was so kind to me. I didn’t mean.  It was an accident. I’m so sorry.”
“Yes there was a case. I solved it tonight. He’s been banned from the library and is trying to get back into the right part of the reading room to retrieve an unlogged and valuable document he found between the pages of a stack of Stratford council records from 1646. Shakespeare sonnet or something. I expect he meant to sell it.”
'I love you, too, John.' Sherlock tilted his head to press their mouths gently together, and that was no secret either.
Khan’s warm, large hands resumed the caress of his Richard’s body. “Yes. Born again, into our perfection.” He kissed Richard’s bent back, his withered arm, his shoulders, throat, jaw, cheek.
‘I had begun to wish I’d studied virology instead of mathematics,’ said Mummy. ‘I might have been able to help sooner. I bought the textbooks. I’ll keep reading them. Perhaps I can help John.’
Speeches were made. Molly’s Best Person speech for Sherlock stuttered only a little, and made a passing reference to friends that help you hide the bodies, “but that was only that one time, and he came back”.  Greg talked about two great men, who were also good men, good fathers, good friends. Mycroft raised toasts; so did Harry.
Sherrinford Holmes heard his youngest boy say in a voice tight with anxiety: “John. It seems. I must introduce you to. To my father.”
That’s when Leia saw Armitage and Rey catch each other’s eye and grin impishly, and saw that beneath the table, their feet were touching. They both looked adoringly up at Ben who grinned back, besotted.
“We have been born and born again into many worlds, but never one so welcome and strange as this,” he said. He kissed Richard’s fingers, palm, wrist, and entwined their fingers.
“Yes,” Sherlock conceded, “We will. All the criminal masterminds we’ve defeated, and we’re at the whim of a six month old child with no teeth and a terrible sense of humour.”
And suddenly Greg Lestrade’s hand appears, takes the jar, opens it, pops the spoon in, hands it back, and John says, “Thanks sweetie.”
“Because he’s good at it. Molly singing Jimmy Barnes notwithstanding. Wait. Is that my mother singing
Until Rosie, neither John not Sherlock had really spent a lot of time around babies, infants, small children. They’re smart though, those two men of science, and they managed to read, infer, deduce and even guess a lot of the challenges. (The rewards they experienced uniquely for themselves.)
Mycroft is taking a brief respite. He's definitely not hiding. Sherlock and John aren't hiding either. They're just enjoying a little man-time in the garden shed.
“We’d have been very lonely men,” Mycroft said, but he grasped Sherlock’s shoulder again, and the gold of his wedding ring glinted in the light. “But that wasn’t the path we took. And here we are. The happiest of men instead, with husbands who love us. Whom we love. We have riches beyond imagining, in this city, and our vocations, and our friends. In Greg, and in John.”
John stared and said nothing. He raised his shaking hand but didn’t touch Sherlock with it. He dropped it again.
Anyway, when Sherlock actually went ahead and won the award—against actual competition—Rosie was so excited in the announcing she said, "And the award goes to Holmes!" So excited was Sherlock when he stepped up to the podium that he said, "Thank you Watson," and don't think that the press didn't write about
“Can’t. I have to. Fix.” He waved his hand to indicate the ruin of all his case files spread all over the flat. “These. Mistakes.”
John took Sherlock’s shoes off at last, and his socks. He pulled Sherlock’s perfectly tailored trousers off too. He took Sherlock’s hands and pulled him into a sitting position so he could divest his husband of coat and shirt, then lowered him back to the bed, still in those pretty lacies.
“Pffff. I spent my formative years avoiding clips round the ear from my old man. I’m a world class sneak.” She wafted her hand through the air, spreading citrus and smoke more thinly around the room. Mid-waft, she grimaced at his raised eyebrow.
“Well, he’ll be here for you, as much as we can make that happen. Come on.” Greg stood tall and offered his chest. John took the medals and pinned them reverently to Greg’s dark suit. John's eyes glittered, and he gave another of his short, sharp nods to no-one in particular.
“Watson,” said Sherlock seriously, peering at her over the top of the pushchair, “You’re really going to have to learn the concept of consequences eventually. We won’t always pick your toys up for you.”
“Now you’re being a fuckwit. Clara and me used to help her sister out. Well. Clara. At the end there I was usually too drunk. But. You know. When you’re doing it solo, it’s hard. Only idiots pretend they don’t need help with that shit. And yeah, you and I are world class morons in several major award categories, don’t think I don’t know it. But when you’re struggling, you call me, or Molly and Greg, or Mrs Hudson, and you make sure Rosie’s okay. That’s good parenting in my book. So fuck off with your I’m so pitiful song. I’m not buying it.”
The soil under John’s feet had grown fertile on the blood of men, Richard’s own princely measure included.
The ash fell from Mycroft’s neglected cigarette and he twitched as it landed on his lap. He brushed the ember and ash clear then made himself politely enquire: “Are you done?”
Sherlock watched John’s hands on him, licked and bit his lower lip. He seemed about to say something, so John soft-pinched both nubs, and speech was thwarted into a moaning gasp, and Sherlock’s hips lifted off the bed.
At least it was in the contract that each was permitted to purse their own interests without let or hindrance from their spouse, as long as it didn’t result in non-approved offspring.
“Other people needed me,” said Leandra, rocking her boy in her arms, “People I loved. You have them too, Sherlock. People you love, who love you.”
Harry’s snort of laughter grew louder, Mrs Watson giggled and was heard to say something like, ‘Newlyweds. They’re so adorable” and Mr Holmes withdrew silently and swiftly without further comment.
Sherlock stripped John and helped him into the shower; turned on the water; stepped under the spray with him.
It was as Giles and Leandra were driving them back to John and Mary’s apartment that John said, very quietly, in the back seat: “You said you wouldn’t do dangerous things without telling me anymore.”
Leandra found Sherlock by the old well, when she went looking for him after breakfast. It was boarded up again now, just as it should have been on the day Eurus died. Leandra battled an unreasonable fear to see Sherlock standing so close to it. Ridiculous. He was a grown man and hardly likely to fall down a clearly marked, safely shut up well.
“I don’t care if they do or not.” Sherlock drew a deep breath and turned to lean against the wood panelling instead. His hair, instead of being slicked back in his usual severe style, had been allowed to fall in gentle curls. He was less self-conscious about them, after years of John playing with his hair, communicating adoration to his follicles with as much devotion as he lavished on the rest of Sherlock’s body, and his heart, and his remarkable mind.
‘And you think he’s here in bed with me and my lady, do you? Is he under the mattress do you think?’
And if he was the one to make John sick? If he was the one responsible for Mrs Hudson falling ill? Or worse?
Sherlock’s chin jerked up at the new entrant to this stunned tableau. Howie Garrideb limped towards them across the meadow, one hand in his overcoat, the other clenched in a fist. “Jimmy, get away from them.”
John was moaning softly at how lavishly Sherlock Holmes-Watson was sucking on his fingers, licking down to the web, fellating index and middle fingers like he might actually make those fingers come.
experiments that had taught him which behaviours would produce maximum entertainment for a small, wheezy child with a big, gooey cold.
“Thanks.” John’s hand shook slightly as he took it from her. He held it pressed against his stomach. “Thank you. So much. Greg will give them back after the ceremony, if that’s okay?”
Leandra had to catch Giles by the arm before her husband could reach Smith to punch him while in police custody. Donovan tugged Smith, none too gently, from the room before any of these angry, suffering people could give the nasty little toad the beating to within an inch of his life he so thoroughly deserved.
More dancing, a lot of flirting, many hugs, a Queen Bee, and then, at last, the deflowering can begin.
'You'll only make yourself angry,' Sherlock observed absently. He was mostly busy peering at the box.
If nobody expects to see DI Greg Lestrade at a drag show, surely a negative sum of nobodies would expect to see Mycroft Holmes here.
Greg is trying decide whether he should still go on stage. Mycroft will certainly recognise him. He’d keep it quiet, Greg is sure, but what would he do with the knowledge? Greg is anxious and angry – this secret of his isn’t about shame, but people like to make it about that. It’s private and it’s his. It’s not about his (ex) wife or his job or the Holmes brothers.
Sherlock is waiting to marry John. He's a little anxious. Mycroft helps. And then it's #happiesteverafter
“I think,” he said, “I’ve been unkind. I never knew Eurus. I didn’t understand what losing her meant to you. I apologise for all the frights I gave you over the years. I argued with Mycroft about telling you what I planned at the hospital. I realise now he was right. It would have been unforgiveable to let you think I had jumped. It.” He scuffed his feet on the grass. “It was unforgiveable that it happened to John. Even if it had been for only the short time I’d planned. Though I’m not impressed that Mycroft didn’t think of that, when he refused to pass on my message.”
When Harry put Rosie between her legs on the blanket, Rosie held the little jar and gummed at the lid. Harry fished a pack of cigarettes out of her jacket pocket, tapped one out, and stared at Rosie, who dropped the jar and decided to bang her tiny fist on Harry’s thigh. With a sigh, Harry replaced the cigarette and put the pack back in her pocket.
“Well, not my uncle. He was my first, and I managed to slip him a tropical infection rather easily. It took him away in days, but I couldn’t help myself at the time. I told him on his last day that I was the one who
In another part of the haunted now, Sherlock hunched on the floor at the end of the sofa. He stared into space, mind absorbing all he’d read and speculated about the problem Harry Watson had brought to him yesterday.
“Private air,” he said. “I don’t like being inside small buildings much. But people take it funny if you hang around in car parks.”
Leandra cried out as Howie waved the gun, threatening but not aiming, yet too wild to be trusted with the thing.
Their conclusion was punctuated sharply, with a sudden cry from Richard as he clasped his hands to his belly.
“The bees,” he breathed. The building opposite was decorated in giant golden bees. The Queen sat regally atop a white box of her colony, with a few others scattered over the face of the building.
John and Sherlock and Rosie, and their extended family. It's okay to not be okay. But it's okay for things to get better, too.
Molly watched too. She also sighed. She said, “I never got to know Mary really well. I liked her though. She taught me something important.”
“The cow counting is fantastic, but you can do better," said John. "That article this morning set you off. You’ve had a thinking face on ever since.”
“No reason, said Sherlock. It took him another six weeks to actually start a conversation with this barista, John Watson, whom he clearly considered both pretty and not at all dull.”
. We felt all of our pain, and we helped each other. A terrible, terrible accident robbed us of our little girl, so we
Then softly. "I'm sorry again. Rosie's just got a horrible grumpy daddy who's really tired and wishes she felt better. She needs her wonderfully mad papa right now so you just keep doing what you're doing, which is obviously working because she's definitely stopped crying."
He was just sliding in the 43rd, a tiny lilac coloured clip, when Rosie threw up her hands and frowned.
Mycroft’s coldness evaporated suddenly, and he blinked rapidly. He smiled uncertainly, cynicism clinging still. “She would have approved, do you think?” A note of hope was in his voice.
Mycroft buried his face in Greg’s shoulder as Greg, the most unrepentant of husbands, grinned up at John Watson’s mother, his sister Harriet, and Sherrinford Holmes.
“Because there is something strange going on at this hospital. In particular, with Culverton Smith.”
John bristled at the accusation, but honesty compelled him to admit that he knew as much. “Some unpleasant gentlemen – I use that word in its broadest sense – have suggested I take the type of payments that apparently were made to my brother. I’ve told them to go to the devil. I suspect they’re the chaps who’ve made it impossible to sell. Now a disreputable firm has offered a pittance for it. I’ve been sorely tempted, but I have my honour still, even if I don’t have many prospects.”
John looked at his lower limbs in the water and wondered what to do now.  He’d been so careful over the years and none of the crew knew. He’d even kept it secret from the captain. But immersion in water for longer than an hour had transformed his body back into its true self. HE could crawl onto land and let the sun dry him and in another hour he would have his land legs back again.
“My earth, your sky, kiss at the horizon. But we are men, and I have a fancy to mount thee. Or be mounted.” Richard’s grin was devilish wicked. “A more perfect consummation than horizons can provide, at any rate.” He nipped at Khan’s jaw and squeezed his love’s prick and licked a pebbling nipple before, laughing his earthy joy, Richard stood apart, chin high. The slightness and unevenness of his form did not overshadow his warrior strength, his regal poise, his spirited and playful confidence.
The small human baby-child person known as Rosie was gumming at her toes and burbling away on her changing table. Her daddy was doubled over, hands on knees, dry heaving.
Harry sighed heavily. “Yeah. I know. But ‘less miserable cunts than they’ve been’ lacks poetry, don’t you think?”
“I’ve got her panels cleared. If they still work she’ll be charging up again. They won’t work, though.”
Sherrinford Holmes had shaken hands solemnly with John and, with a sober and contrite nod, he placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Buzzy keeps a lot of secrets, and not just for Sherlock. Perhaps we'll learn more of the secrets he keeps for John, Rosie, and the other poeple in their lives.
I haven't written anything for Guitar Man in years, but when I grieved for Opporunity and Wil Wheaton posted that "someday, though not in my lifetime, humans will find her again" - and I rememebered that two of my characters live and work on Mars in our future.
And sniffed again to make sure he hadn’t imagined the horror that was emanating from the back of Rosie’s onesie.
“Not a bit of it,” said Greg, “It was hauling that wanker Smith up by the scruff of his neck that did it. Worth it though. The bastard’s still confessing so often and in so much detail, I’m not sure you’ll even have to take the stand.  But you’re both all right?”
Khan held Richard’s body close in his lap and nuzzled the verse of his abiding adoration into Richard’s offered throat and thrust deep into Richard’s body. Richard clutched him tight in turn, urging Khan to greater passion with his imprecations, pushing down to meet each thrust, his ardour as hot, his devotion as profound. Richard’s kingly prick rubbed hard against Khan’s smooth belly as Khan held him near, and each reached this love song’s loud conclusion within moments of the other.
Theresa - wind-blown, ice-cream smudged, comfy-shod, laughing Theresa – smiled into his (nice!) eyes and leaned up to whisper into his (pretty) ear, “Yes, Martin. I
And the next moment, a man had thrown himself at Sherlock, gathering him fiercely, ungently, into his arms…
, but your name was once James Winter. Your father was the American forger, Jim Winter, AKA Jamie Evans, AKA Killer Evans, who served time in Pontiac Correctional Centre in Illinois for the murder of his partner in fraud, Rodger Prescott. In fact, he began to serve his sentence in I’d say early 1980. Isn’t that so?”
“I had made such a habit of it being a secret I never thought to tell you. I feel much less guilty about the omission now.” This said with a nod to one of John’s limbs which had curled out of the sea. The tip of it hovered close to Sherlock’s face.
That was only part of it, but Sherrinford didn’t want to mention the rest. Flirting with drug use. The cocaine he’d found and flushed away before Sherlock could use it.
Harry found Mycroft in his wheelchair at the far end of the Musgrave Hall drive, half concealed behind an English Oak tree.
None of those things had brought John to this meadow, half an hour’s drive from Leicester. Only his own curiosity had brought him here.
John Garrideb, or Jimmy Winter she supposed, was sitting on the ground with his cousin Howie, who looked too ill to rise, while the Holmes family closed ranks around Mycroft.
“I hear her, you know,” he said after a moment, “Around the flat. Other rooms that I’m not in. I go looking for her sometimes. I. Talk. Talk to her. Sometimes.”
John’s hips rocked a few more times, before he slowly withdrew and collapsed sideways on the bed. Both of them were panting, and Sherlock was mostly hard again.
He remembered a lot of things, standing in this green field. The clash of steel, the cries of men, the smell of the marsh, of sweat, of shit, of guts, of blood. He remembered dying here, face down in the scarlet mud, heedless of the pain, grateful for release.
John danced in a half circle and waggled his bum then danced back round, pulled up his shirt and slapped on his belly like a drum.
In the reflection of the coffee pot – surely it couldn’t be shinier than it already was, but John was reluctant to put it down - the handsome man glanced over the top of his newspaper. John kept rubbing the pot with his cloth, rather than admit that he’d been caught out in his voyeurism. His neck and ears were hot, though, no doubt blushing his shame because he knew that the handsome man knew that John had been watching him.
Sherlock had loved John Watson for a long time. He’d never known how much he would love watching John Watson being full of love for someone else. Well, he’d adored watching John and Mary together, but then, they’d all loved loving each other like that. Rosie was different, obviously, but also not.
They drove home along the winding, stunning length of the Great Ocean Road, dropped the Green hire car off and lugged their bags up the 17 stairs to Captains of Industry before heading home.
“When Sherlock was eleven years old he announced to the household that he would never marry, because girls weren’t as pretty as boys, and boys were all dull.”
“Right. So. Let them treat it. Don’t. Don’t do without. Because you think you deserve the pain. You don’t.”
“A scratch.” John put his hand to the blood trickling down his cheek. He was a good deal more hardy than even his Captain knew. “Do you think anyone else made it?”
They had missed the moment Moriarty had so suddenly stopped screaming, wrapped instead in each other’s short sharp breaths, the pounding of their hearts.
Rosie was getting fractious in her discomfort as Harry placed her on the change table.  The table was laid out in almost military exactness – wipes and cream, antibacterial pump pack, fresh  nappies,  a cup of plastic flowers to distract her with.
“Giles, Leandra,” said John, “I don’t want to impose but I don’t want to wake Rosie. Is it all right if I leave her with you for a little while?”
at the door heralded Mrs Hudson’s arrival. She pulled a heavy four-wheeled tartan shopping trolley behind her. Sherlock peered at Mrs Hudson’s red sports car in the street, calculated where on earth she’d put the trolley and its contents for the drive, then followed her into the flat.
Clear passage was granted either due to the badge or to the look of a man who would kill anyone who got in his way, but Mycroft didn’t know that that was what he looked like.
Ben followed Phas into New Order’s upstairs section. There he found shelves of non-fiction, a small café and a nest of tables.
Mycroft laughs, surprised and pleased again. Greg can’t help kissing him again. “I have to get backstage. I’ll be up in a minute,” he murmurs.
And the next moment, his sons and their husbands had disappeared, leaving Sherrinford with an empty plate and an empty glass, because he’s downed the contents in a swallow.
She hoped this would work. Mycroft knew how to appeal to Sherlock’s smartarse brain, but Sherlock’s smartarse brain wasn’t exactly firing on all thrusters.
“Have you seen her bee? She cried all morning for it. I looked everywhere. Cried herself out in the end. I haven’t looked under the bed yet.” He didn’t move though. He stayed where he was, watching his baby girl sleep.
“Sherlock. I am a grown man and I am still twitchy as fuck whenever I see you near the edge of anything higher than a coffee table. I really don’t want your mum to find you sodding about at the bottom of that fucking well.”
“John Garrideb, who was interviewed about the sale of Musgrave, lives at the property next to us with his cousins, Howie and Nathan. At the time of Eurus’s death, Howie was 15, Nathan 18, and their father Alexander in his forties. John Garrideb would have been about ten at the time of Eurus’s death, but he lived in America then.  He came to live with the family a few years later, after his father went to prison on forgery charges.  Alexander died three years ago, and  John, Howie and Nathan continue to run the property as a cattle farm and agistment.”
John turned another page, folded the paper into quarters and took up a pen. He began to fill numbers in on the Sudoku grid.
“He is,” John conceded, taking Rosie’s hand and lifting it for a kiss. “But Daddy loves him. And Daddy loves you. And Mummy loves you too. Hmm? A kiss from Mummy.” He kissed her hand again, and then her head. She’d calmed down by now, and her free hand waved and took hold of his ear. “Yes she does. And Papa loves you.”
John grimaced, a little sheepishly, until then huffed out a surprised breath when his sister wrapped her arms around him.
John picked up the tie and smoothed it out. Not exactly his lucky tie, but it was fine. A bit doctorish, he’d always thought – reassuring and sensitive with just a hint of
“I love you, husband,” he said, “And if you want him to go, I will take him by the elbow and escort him from the premises.”
It was as Rosie's first molars were popping up somewhere at a year and a half that she started showing a strong preference for chewing on lab tubing—clear silicone preferred but rubber would do in a pinch. Sherlock was once again delighted.
Mycroft, always more self-possessed than Sherlock, was likewise much more relaxed than Sherrinford had ever known him. Mycroft’s fingers were entwined with Greg’s. He leaned slightly into Greg’s arm. The boy who’d left London to study in Australia would never have shown even so slight a dependence on someone else. That brittle, lonely boy was long gone.
“Yeah, well, if it was all about the kissing, I’d be fine. I think I’m scoring pretty low in all the other areas.” Depressing thought. At least he got to spend more time with Sherlock.
Mycroft pale as wax, cheeks covered in greying stubble, hair lank, and the respirator helping him to breathe, was one of the worst things Sherlock had ever seen in his life.
So, as you might imagine, it's been easy for Rosemund Holmes-Watson to develop the occasional idée fixe. A few over the years have included:
So John was not, was very much not, visualising all the things that could possibly go wrong when a tiny child had a head cold.
Each had brought boxes and boxes of books, so that they were stacked two deep and two high all around the walls. Combined, there were too many to fit into the available space. And neither was willing to give an inch.
Greg opened the door into the boardroom of the Nicholas Building. Chairs had been set out across the room in what could only very generously be called rows. Some guests had tried to create straight lines with them; others – Molly, Sally and the people from the café – clustered into cheerful clumps.
“Up you go,” murmured John, guiding Sherlock ahead of him up the stairs into the vehicle Sherlock had hired for this trip, specifically so he could get time away from ‘tedious family drama’. John flicked on the light, shut the door and opened the tiny cupboard which was mostly full of Sherlock’s clothes. “Want a shower?”
The new husbands relaxed again, content with each other, with how things had turned out at the reception.
Afterwards, Sherlock scribbled hastily on a blank page in the notebook. He tore it out, folded it, shoved it into Harry’s hand.
John, still in his suit, in his beautiful patinaed shoes, knelt astride Sherlock’s hips, splayed his hands around Sherlock’s ribs and bent his head to lip and nibble and suckle at his husband’s lovely nips beneath his delicious tiny bra.
A moment later, John, two-year-old Rosie in his arms, followed. He brushed his fingers over the red coat too, then had to step back a moment later when Rosie shouted “Bye bye Mama!” so that she could pat it as well.
“Let me help, sugar,” says Greg softly, straight into Mycroft’s eyes and Mycroft, with a sideways glance dashed to the OD, nods fractionally.
“Not really.” John kissed the pulse point of Sherlock’s throat so he wouldn’t be offended by John confirming that Sherlock had a terrible kissing technique.
John stopped at the hospital shop first for fresh batteries, which he put into the bear. He checked the text Molly had sent in reply to his query and made his way to the wing where Sherlock had been placed.
Though flip-flops come in every colour and pattern possible, Rosie never showed interest in any style but
But it was Mycroft’s voice that broke through. Mycroft’s voice raised in furious, heart-cracking anguish.
And all was well and happy in Baker Street, until the following morning, when Rosie wanted Buzzy Bee.
Sherlock rose and thanked the groomsmen while John held his hand. And John rose and thanked Edie and his family, while Sherlock held his hand.
That is how Mycroft found himself staring stony-faced at a baby while John went off for a nap, Sherlock checked his emails, and Rosie tried to reach uncle Mykwot’s nostrils for a good tug.
Mycroft’s eyes soften. “Have I?” he asks, as though the evidence isn’t in and Greg’s in so deep he’ll never get out again.
John had finished checking her temperature with a hand to her forehead while running the checklist with Harry about how Rosie had slept, what she’d eaten, when she’d been changed. The answers had been not well, not much and ten minutes ago.
Now Earthlings were Martians too, settling the planet that Oppy had first explored on their behalf. They’d looked for her of course, and her sister, but twenty years after Oppy fell silent, nobody expected to find her any more.
It was too much to hope that her solar panels would operate again after so long in the dark, but he carefully brushed the dust from them anyway, then sent a signal to the base for a team to come and help him to collect her.
“We’re going for a walk,” Sherlock deadpanned. “Watson, see? That’s a Red Poll cow. They are very placid cows. There are one, two, three, four, five cows in this part of the meadow.”
“I’m okay,” Sherlock said, reaching for John again. “I took the needle out. Soon as the nurse was gone. Not much of a dose; just a little dopey. I’m fine. I’m fine.” He tried to show his arm, the trail of the saline drip that had soaked his shirt, his pyjamas, where it had dripped into the mattress of the bed that had grown soggy under his ribs with what should have been the method of his murder.
“I didn’t mean he played with her. They were neighbours. They saw each other. Our land has a common boundary. They probably saw each other there sometimes.”
bones lay there after all: the mortal remains of Richard-that-was – the first life that led to the many lives that led to John Watson, who had sought the soul of his beloved, Khan-now-Sherlock. Those bones, discovered bound in a pitiful grave beneath a slab of concrete, were now buried deep beneath a block of alabaster. A prettier and less despised grave, but no less dead for all that, and so brutally come to his end, too.
John barked a harsh laugh. “Only if they were shagging.” Then he blinked and stared at Ella. Ella, professional as ever, just waited patiently for him to continue. “Did you guess that about us? That the three of us were. Shagging.”
John was leaning against a the wall – mostly to stay upright despite his wobbly knees – and grinned at him in a besotted fashion.
For the sixth trope of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me a Pirate Sherlock and First Mate John learn secrets in the sea.
“I’ve got you,” Sherlock said helplessly, not knowing what else to say. “Mycroft. Mycroft. I’ve got you.”
Molly knocked and knocked. Called out. John didn’t reply again. Molly heard Rosie’s crying turn to distressed wailing, and she could hear John’s low voice sounding increasingly desperate.
John quirked a small half-grin at that. “Fine.” Then he looked squarely at her. “Text me. The minute you’re there.”
“Sherlock’s not hurt,” said Molly quickly, “He just needs a rest. It would do him so much good to see you and Rosie. It would do you good too.”
“I used to be a programmer,” said Caleb, “Pretty sure I could write some kind of algorithm to find out.”
“And don’t you let your Papa put on his shocked face. He knows perfectly well I’ve put things in neat piles for him to reorganise later. He’s such a silly, your Papa. He makes such perfect messes, then gets ever so fussy about where to keep his case notes. What a silly Papa. But look what Gran found, Rosie Rose!”
Leandra stood beside Harry, shoulder to shoulder, and together they looked at the potting mixes and tubs of rose cuttings.
When beer guy had loped around to the tradesman’s entrance, having signalled the van driver to join him, the queenly woman was leaning against the door, waiting for him.
Twice Mycroft forgot that he had no left foot and tried to push into the floor to rise, once he had his hands on the chair, and squeal-grunted in pain as the healing stump slid across the floor. Nurses would be here soon.
‘Happy non-wedding anniversary, John.’ He kissed John that time, and didn’t get around to giving his husband a gift for a while because they were too busy kissing.
Richard turned to kiss Khan’s cheek, his lips, his brow, his nose. “Thou art the child of stars and moons, son of the universe entire; the herald of perfection, my love,” said he.  “And we are come to this miraculous pass: that our waking selves have married their bodies and eternal souls in true sympathy, to make the seed I seem to carry here in our dream glade. This babe is our vows of redemption embodied anew.”
“I’m the luckiest man in the world,” Greg murmured, kissing Mycroft’s cheeks; his forehead; his jaw. “I don’t know how I got to be so lucky.”
Sherlock looked down the length of his own body with a smug, sated expression. He still wore his wedding suit and shoes. His lingerie was askew and soaking wet, but still on. He looked thoroughly debauched and absolutely delighted with the fact.
“On our way!” John called back. Sherlock stopped to kiss Rosie’s forehead, ran his fingers, as was his habit, across the red coat hanging on the hook by the door, next to his Belstaff and John’s coat, and was on his way.
“Oh I don’t know,” said Leandra, “You’ve been extremely helpful to us at IT Lesbian level for a few months now. John, your sister has set up the whole house with WiFi, even out into the shed, and I can control the sound system from my iPad.”
“John!” yelled Lestrade, throwing himself into the doorway to stop the security people from piling on top of John. The DI lurched towards the doctor as he was about to land a third kick on Smith who was, like a madman, laughing. “John! Stop!”
Greg can see in a quick glance down that Mycroft really is. He grins in delight. “I’ll perform just for you then, and you can take me home after. If you like.”
Lestrade, panting, slewed the chair to a stop outside a hospital room with its door flung open and nurses converging on the spot, along with Mr and Mrs Holmes. The security staff who had been running in their wake halted too, trying to understand what was going on.
“Oh,” she said. Then that eyebrow came in for a landing and set in a line with the other, and even imperious Mr Holmes Senior paused at the hard look she gave him.
“Fake dating, yes. But not the target. He only dates and drugs people who’ve got profiles and have been active for at least three weeks and can confirm, when asked, they have a reading room card.”
Caleb was definitely checking him out. Phillip stood taller – bumped his head on a low hanging branch and ducked again, swearing, “Fuck, shit, fuck, stupid tree.”
Ben scowled, then laughed self-deprecatingly. “I keep trying to get sacked from the family business. He keeps forgiving me. It’s a bitch.”
John had descended to the mortal plane in the Year of His Lord 1872 to fulfil a guardianship entrusted to him. He could not help but see what went on under God’s distant eye.
Rosie screamed until her face was scarlet and tears like fat pearls of soul-dissolving heartbreak dripped from her chin.
“What’s down here, hmm?” he teased, unfastening Sherlock’s belt, button and zip. He licked his thumb wet and circled it over the crown of Sherlock’s thick, leaking cock, peeking over the top of the white silk panties, the lace trim and little bow plastered stickily to Sherlock’s frenulum.
Rosie has a bad cold. John is most emphatically not worried. Despite all the things he knows can go horribly wrong. Nope, nope, not worried at all. But his baby girl can't breathe! And then Sherlock comes home and has a direct if rather revolting solution to the problem.
Harry tiptoed back to Mycroft. He was fast asleep, but even to her untrained eye it seemed odd, his breathing a bit laboured.
“You should visit Mycroft too,” Sherlock said quietly to Harry. “I expect he could use a cigarette.”
He shook his head and held harder still. Giles kissed his son’s hair, wrapped his arms around his family and held them both.
“You, Sherlock Holmes-Watson, are the very best of husbands,” he asserted, then he mouthed and suckled on the other nipple.
“John. Mate. Everything’s fine. Your parents and your sister are happy to be here and getting on with everyone like a house on fire.”
“I don’t know.” Swipe, swipe. He stopped to read. Harry recognised her brother’s blog on Sherlock’s phone.
“A bit late now, don’t you think?” she asked, acerbic. She’d toss him out on his ear if she had to, rather than let him spoil their day.
John, bootless and breechless himself – cephalopod limbs are not a happy fit with land leg clothes – took off his shirt and wriggled into the water, naked and himself.
That first time he took Buzzy, though, immediately after the first Rosiegeddon, was the harbinger of other times, other cases.
Greg’s in an auburn curly wig, a sweet frothy frock and six inch scarlet heels. His make-up is divine. He’s on in 20 minutes to lip-synch
‘He’s not here, as you can see,’ said the Musketeer, who was unmistakably Athos. ‘Be off, before the garrison takes exception to your presence.’
“John, I don’t need to have been your only best-friend-after-Sherlock. Bill Murray sounds like he was a good bloke. And not just because he saved your life out there.”
After assurance softened to sweetness; after sweetness heated again to passion; when passion had transformed into joy that all these griefs were past indeed, then they concluded their devout kissing and rose. Hand in hand, they left that ancient battlefield where Richard had first stepped into the future to find redemption, and his heart.
“Not as much as you’d think.” Sherlock peered down the drive to where he could see Harry talking animatedly to Mycroft as she pushed his wheelchair back towards the house. “He was fairly willing, as I recall. I was Blackbeard, Victor was always Redbeard. After his family moved away so suddenly, I was miserable, so Daddy got me a dog. A red setter. He was Redbeard too, named for Victor. We’d moved to the cottage by then. Redbeard the dog was an excellent boyhood companion, until he developed a tumour. The cancer spread and he had to be put down.” Sherlock turned away from the drive and rubbed his thumb gently across John’s cheek. “I vowed at the time not to have a friend again ever, if all they were going to do was leave me. Fortunately, I met someone else who wanted to have adventures with me, and he’s still here, so there’s an improvement.”
“Then let her be as nature makes her, yet without pain and fear. Let her be her own true self in heart and mind, and we shall love her perfectly.”
“Yeah. Him and Johnnie both.  She was something else, Mary.” Harry’s chin quivered and she swallowed hard. “I liked having a sister, for a while.” She dashed at her eyes with the back of her hand, sniffed and adopted a fierce look.
“Hardly,” says Mycroft, looking very pleased with Greg. “I’d begun to realise he was getting… hostile as we saw more of each other. Only room for one controlling personality in this relationship, however, and it was never going to be him.” Mycroft blinks at Greg, then. “For you and me, of course, that’s still open to negotiation.”
The Richard examined here had been a bloody tyrant. Cruel and full of spite, to spite those who had mocked and used him all his life; to be a worse monster than even the monster they perceived him to be.
John had avoided his cousins in Sydney after the first uncomfortable meeting and jokes about Pommy Bastards coming over to Take Our Women. He’d pointed out he wasn’t interested in their women. Things had got awkward for a bit.
“I am,” said Phillip at once. “Gotta get back before the speeches end. Paul’ll flip his shit if I’m not back for the toasts.”
Later, enjoying cake and champagne with the people who loved them in their party-perfect house, Greg and Mycroft kissed and Mycroft cried again. Greg cried with him, though, and then they laughed and kissed some more.
Mummy was silent for a space. Instead of protesting her innocence she said, ‘My love to John, Sherlock. And to you, of course.’
Greg thinks he may get lucky tonight; get naked; and get to not have to take these shoes off until they’ve both finished with them.
Caleb was laughing at him now, and that was so much cuter than his grimace. Phillip, trying to make himself a bit smaller, had a sheepish kind of grin now.
“How else are you hurt?” John asked urgently. His captain’s voice arose from the other side of the rocks.
Beyond the oak, the drive led down to the gate and the flanking elms. They paused when they reached them.
…the child was an infant and Sherlock was staring at the her sleeping face, quite probably counting her eyelashes (again) and likely choking on the heart in his throat (again) and otherwise so utterly besotted that his words were a spontaneous whisper. "I love you mini-Watson."
“I think I last saw Mycroft smile was when he was accepted to study here in Australia. That was nothing like this, though. That was satisfaction, I think. This. This is. Is.”
“Blayne’s reading so far ahead of his group,” says Kara, “I’m looking at getting him into an accelerated class.”
That many of these experiments lead to the child kicking her feet gleeful and shouting "Bang!" and then "Oops!" as Sherlock deftly manages another smoking ruin is to be expected.
John held Rosie in his arms and brutally shut down his imagination that was too steeped in certain realities. He insisted that he did not feel lost and helpless at her flushed red face and the glistening mucus at her nose, which he wiped gently away with a soft, warm cloth. He held her near the humidifier, the steam of which was supposed to help her breathe and was instead a Useless Fucking Waste of Money.
Leandra, arms folded, stared at the crumbling stones. “It was. It had been. We assume some local children had been playing. Perhaps the Garridebs. Howard and Nathan were a little older than Mycroft. The family said they’d been in the village all day, and they swore they never did. The police concluded she’d moved the planks herself.”
Harry thought of all the times she’d gone off to be alone, seething or ashamed or feeling that rejecting others was surely better than waiting to be shown the door herself. Hell, that was why she wasn’t married anymore.
, having abandoned her bottle in favour of waggling her feet, which Sherlock had dressed in brightly coloured socks.
They held each other, hands roaming, stroking, seeking a reassurance in touch that each was whole and present. Their mouths smeared over cheeks and throats, shoulders, chest, arms and wrists and fingers, returning time and again to each other’s lips, tongues, breathing in each other’s breaths. Sherlock covered John’s body with his own, straddling John’s sturdy thigh, and they rutted together; John, a leg hooked over Sherlock’s hip, turned them so that he could kiss Sherlock’s face and chest all over. He sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip and pushed his cock against Sherlock’s belly. Sherlock’s hands on John’s arse guided him closer.
Rosie clutched onto the two soft toys and gnawed on Ducky’s yellow head as John steered the pushchair into the street and back towards Musgrave Hall.
Sherlock glanced at the legs of his trousers, still damp and spattered in algae from the well. Smears of slime all over. He nodded jerkily, but when he rose he was making an effort to appear unaffected.
Next was bath time for Rosie. Sherlock put the little tub inside the bathtub and filled it while John kept up a running commentary for Rosie on what they were doing. John brought their girl in, wrapped in a soft towel, along with a photograph of Mary, which he put on the sill above the washbasin.
“Suffocating. Airless. There's no air. It's. Vacuum. Nothing. All of this. This. How I. Feel. I can’t breathe. I’m not… not always.” He flexed a bandaged hand. “I can’t always cope with Rosie. I don’t cope with my own. With my own. I’m angry. I’m. I’m. I’m not.”
John stared at the text, then rose abruptly. He disappeared into the nursery, returning with a teddy bear dressed as a Tower Beefeater. A souvenir from a case. Rosie had taken a shine to the bear, so Sherlock had given it up from his trophy box and let her keep it.
Giles held his son for as long as Sherlock wanted to be held, which turned out to be for a surprisingly long time.
“She took the bottle all right? We used one from time to time before, but she’s still getting used to it. Did you make the formula with the instructions I left?”
Sherlock came dashing back out and, as far as John could see, looking exactly as he had when he’d gone into the bathroom. Slightly neater, perhaps.
'It's very light and doesn't rattle, so it's either well packed in bubble wrap or similar, or it's empty. It has no scent to speak of, barring the expected. The cardboard of the box is thick. Expensive. So is the ribbon.'
Once upon a time, a little boy who was all alone was sent far from home. Once upon a time, a little girl fell into a well and died. And now, today, the truth about Eurus, the Garridebs and that awful day will come out.
They read in the shade; they took long walks along the Great Ocean Road around  the little town, sometimes looking for signs of the historic shipwrecks along the shore. They weren’t birdwatchers, but the kookaburras and sulphur crested cockatoos, rosellas and king parrots got a beady eyeful of them, holding hands, or racing each other across the sand, or gazing at the views, or kissing each other.
Anyway, the point is that the first time Rosie called her papa by his surname she had just pulled off her wet nappy, chucked it on the floor, and said, "I gone pee pee Holmeth!"
His sister bustled about the kitchen, reboiling the kettle and filling the cups he’d left out. He heard toast pop out of the toaster,  Harry fetching things from the cupboard and the fridge, then plonking a plate of toast with jam and butter cut into halves and a cup of tea in front of him.
“Indiana’s most expressive in art, like his grandad. My dad has paintings in the Tate,” says Faye in a tone that suggests skills with words are for stodgy children fit only for a career in insurance.
“Johnnie!” Harry called in greeting, then waggled the book. “This is excellent reading. That whole thing with the blue-ringed octopus, oh my god! And your skanky neighbour! And fuck me, that Professor dude! All that stuff for Morstan here, too. We’ll have to change the names and identifying details, of course, but with your photo art for the covers too, it’ll be a bestseller, mark my words.”
“Alexander drove me to the station and we took a train to Scotland that very afternoon, leaving Nathan to look after the farm and Howie,” said John Garrideb in a leaden voice. “Nobody in the village here even knew I existed. I went to live with Alexander’s older brother, Hamilton, in Stonehaven.  They made me change my name to John Garrideb, so Jimmy Winter would never be traced. They never told a soul what happened at the well. They let me believe I’d…” He trailed off. “When Hamilton died just a few years later, I had to come back to live with Alexander. You. Your family. You were leaving Musgrave Hall. I wanted to. I wanted to come over. To tell you. But Alexander wouldn’t let me leave the house. Shut me in my room. He. He said I’d be hanged for murder if I told anyone. I was fourteen. Oh, Jesus.”
In starts and stops, they trotted in Toby’s wake until they came to a butcher’s, and Toby lost the scent. Sherlock crouched to fuss Toby again, tell him he was a good boy, he’d done his best. There’d be a fresh clue and a resolution within the week, but for now the three adults took baby and dog on a refreshing walk through a park before returning Toby to his keeper.
Rosie had settled in John's arms, snuffling slightly but otherwise breathing more easily, dropping into exhausted sleep. John would very much have liked to do the same. Instead, he settled her into her cot.
John was emphatically not worried about it. At all. Nope. He was a doctor. A professional. He knew exactly what was going on, and how much or little he could do, and what the dangers were.
Breakfast served, Harry decided to ignore the way Mycroft was inspecting her artwork by scouring the local newspaper that had been delivered that morning.
When the guts got ripped out of the world next to that creepy old well, Harry had stood helplessly aside after John had helped her up with Rosie. He’d scooped his squawling daughter into his arms to rock her and whisper that everything was all right. Presumably until he believed it himself.
“The puzzle song she wrote. I found it once, as a child – she’d written it out in an exercise book I found in Mycroft’s room…”
John, one strong, warm hand on Sherlock’s waist the whole time, moved in front of him again, and then took Sherlock’s face in both hands, caressing Sherlock’s cheeks with his thumbs. Stroking his ears. Gazing into those grey eyes.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Well. To lose one sibling may be regarded as a misfortune. To lose both looks like carelessness.”
He opened his eyes to find her offering her the cigarette she had lit. Abhorrent, strangely intimate, to offer him a cigarette that had been in her own lips.
Sherlock had been luckier, and that made him angry. Why couldn’t John have been the asymptomatic one? He would gladly have swapped, only then it would be John sitting by Sherlock’s side, with cooling sponges and liquid paracetamol and fear in his heart.
Rosie’s second favourite dummy. Her plush toy monkey wearing the skeleton onesie (out of favour that week, but in demand again two days after he got back). Once, a half eaten rusk.
'Lovely.' John dropped a kiss on the top of Sherlock's head, then another more sensuous one on his lips. 'There was something the box, Sherlock. You probably missed it.'
John resumed gazing at the rings on their fingers, thinking about family, friends. He’d moved to Australia friendless and futureless, hoping to rediscover himself after nearly dying, and spending months feeling like he was still in that state, on the verge of slipping away.
Before Aramis could make a responding pun about ammunition, the door flew open. Porthos covered Aramis’s body with his own. Aramis pulled the blanket up to cover all but his eyes. Both affected to look deeply affronted at the intruder.
It was Dimitri who saw the straggler arrive at the gates. A tall man, with a serious face, who had listened to the speeches from behind a garden tub of bay trees and rosemary bushes and other herbs belonging to a city restaurateur.
“Why don’t we find out exactly what’s in your collections before you decide that this is the hill you and your families fortunes die on, hmm?” said Mrs Hudson easily.
with his paramour. His coy companion had dark hair brushed forward across a high, clear forehead, beneath which were the most bewitching eyes.
“I am happy,” John said, and he realised at last how unhappy he’d been when he’d last seen them. How all the fractiousness and lack of understanding had been a failure of circumstances, and not solely theirs or his.
“I have been instrumental in untold numbers of highly sensitive and deeply secret negotiations between international governments, espionage agencies and the pathetic squabbles of three British governing parties. I mastered the piano when I was six and have solved complex equations in my head since I was eight.”
“Well, of course not,” said Smith. “I’m going to kill you now.” Smith waited patiently, then frowned. “Yours, I have to say, is a very disappointing face.”
Rosie was making happy noises again. Sherlock pointed out some more cows and counted them for her. A cow mooed and Rosie squealed in delight and got the hiccups, which also made her laugh.
“We’re…” Sherlock looked to John, who was watching Leandra and Giles play peekaboo with the now wide awake Rosie. “Better.”
“A case? Oh. Yes. Culverton Smith. I’m…” Mycroft frowned again, and his hand went to his forearm under the long sleeves of his pyjama shirt.  “My arm hurts.” He gave John another confused frown. “Someone was just here.” He shuddered. “They said. Something. Something…” He shook his head. “Terrible.”
Uncle My gave John a quelling glare, which made Rosie squeal with laughter. “Fuddy guff!” She reached for her uncle and he gathered her into his arms, trying to avoid a faceful of tulle and succeeding only in getting a very wet kiss on the eye.
They hear a noise. Throat clearing. OD is back. Mycroft and Greg look up. Allan the Obnoxious Date has his fists curled again. He takes a step towards them.
“Now, you crazy kids. Ben’s gonna ask his Mom to give him an imprint, and she’ll say yes because god knows she’s just waiting for him to ask to get more involved.”
John took her hand and kissed her cheek. “Thanks for coming. She’s missed her Gran. We’ve missed you.”
Mrs Hudson took this opportune moment to thrust an empty plate and a glass of champagne into Sherrinford’s hands.
John was so astonished by this turn he just sat there a moment before asking, “Is kissing important to the case?”
Mycroft considers. “Not really. Allan’s deeply unpleasant and has begun to display the nasty side. I suspected it was there. Possessiveness is not attractive. Unless it’s mutual.”
John wrapped his arms round Rosie and his sister and pull them down, covering Rosie with his body while Harry instinctively curled around the little girl as well, between them making a shelter.
Sherlock’s lips brushed against John’s cheek and temple, settled close to his ear. “You’re standing where it happened,” he said quietly, half question, half knowing the answer.
Sherlock smiled at his husband from under his lashes, sultry. “I’m saving up for the honeymoon suite at the Langham.”
Rosie clung to Harry and stared unhappily at the camera. She hung onto Harry with one damp fist and sucked her thumb. Harry laid her cheek on the baby’s golden hair, fixed a reassuring smile on her face and took the picture.
Molly giving someone’s Full Ned Kelly beard a moisturising treatment and a trim, while Sally sat at her usual table scribbling song lyrics. Harry sat next to her, and arm slung around Sally’s waist, her hair dyed by Molly into rippling layers of palest green to mermaid aquamarine, reading a handwritten journal.
Grey was not the best colour for camouflage but Mycroft found a place to hide anyway. While the photographer was trying to get Rosie to pose with the best man, and getting very stroppy about it, Mycroft slid away to skulk behind a cherry laurel hedge, and lit up.
John’s anguished cry as he pulled away was appalling; almost as appalling as Mycroft’s rising in near hysteria from the doorway.
“It won’t matter,” mutters Sally. “It still won’t be law. It won’t make up for all the shit that’s happened. Do you know how many kids have been calling the suicide lines? How many adults?”
“If he’d hurt you, I’d have broken his fucking legs and thrown him in that damned well. If he’d killed you, I’d have watched him drown.”
“Feeling tired? That’s a drop of something extra in your saline drip. I popped by the nurse’s station earlier, when they were preparing it for you. Not midazolam. Just good old fashioned sedative, but rather a lot of it. You’ve probably been wondering why you’re so sluggish. An overdose made just for you. But let’s see if we can help that along.”
Harry stood by the door of Musgrave Hall, smoking in the shadows. Down the drive, barely visible behind the dark shape of the oak tree, Mycroft was sitting in his wheelchair. She couldn’t tell from here if he was brooding, dozing, hiding or still crying.
John slid his hands down over Sherlock’s belly to his groin and cupped Sherlock’s eager cock. He huffed a happy laugh and rolled onto his side until he could kiss Sherlock again.
Greg then leans over to be so very helpful and tips the water jug into the OD’s lap as well.  The OD looks like he’s going to punch someone, probably Greg, but Greg smiles with all his teeth and says, in his normal copper’s voice, “Don’t, sunshine. I’m no lady and I’ll punch back. And don’t get the bouncers started. They’re used to troublemakers.”
All the justifications were thought through and despatched as Phillip eased open the side door, tip-toed his huge self across a stretch of concrete and burrowed into the sheltering shade of a big, droopy tree.
“Don’t forget your hands,” murmured John, tightening his hold around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock reciprocated and returned to kissing John. He began to open his mouth. His tongue wiggled out.
She pulled out another cigarette and made to light it, then tiptoed to the door to check the corridor. She pulled her head in suddenly, alarmed, and flicked off the lighter.
Caleb’s laugh was more nervous, more hesitant, to begin with, but the more Phillip beamed at him with glee, the more Caleb found the funny side.
Greg is quick to recover. “You take weekdays; I’ll take weekends and give you a holiday. If you like.”
“Here,” he said back, not a whisper but almost too quiet to hear. He was standing at the kitchen table, arms folded, looking at Rosie, asleep belly down on the floor among her soft toys.
Mycroft was shaking in Greg’s arms. Laughing madly into the beautifully stitched shoulder of his husband’s suit.
Harry sighed and sat next to him at the table. “Mary should be here, I know. It’s fucked that she’s not.”
“In Australian voting terms, that’s a landslide,” declares Molly. She’s not angst-flexing her hands any more. She’s staring at Sally, her eyes huge and round, lashes clumping with tears. Her heart is thumping.
“I’ll have my congratulatory kiss now,” Sherlock declared. John, laughing, obliged, wrapping his sun-and-jogging-warmed arms around Sherlock’s ocean-chilled skin.
An idealistic young man becomes a doctor, that doctor goes to war, the war changes that doctor into an older and bitter man.
After a week of relative happiness, thinking this whole arranged marriage thing wouldn’t be a complete debacle, this was the point that had caused all the friction.
Leandra knelt beside Sherlock, and she stroked her eldest son’s hair with trembling fingers. Giles knelt opposite and stroked Mycroft’s back. “Sshh, darling boy. Ssshh.”  He bent to kiss the top of Mycroft’s head, and the three of them enveloped him as he sobbed like a child.
Reluctantly, de Brouillette left. Athos seized the door to pull it closed, glanced over to the bed and muttered, ‘Aramis, for god’s sake, take your boots off. They’re a dead giveaway.’ Then he closed the door on his two best friends to let them be.
But as they watched through that doorway, doctors and nurses appeared, obscured the view. When they were gone, Mycroft had been turned. The hospital gown had ridden up his thighs and Sherlock had the absurd desire to straighten the hem, give his overbearing big brother some dignity in his distress.
Ben opened his mouth to speak. Phas shushed him. They waited until the writers themselves stopped tapping away and looked at him, almost as one.
He choked down a slice, crumbs drifting onto Rosie. He thought Harry would try to take her, so he held more tightly to his daughter with one arm, and determinedly ate a second half slice. Despite himself, he felt better. He washed it down with tea. Ate another piece of toast.
Mary Morstan regaled both sets of parents with slightly edited stories of how Sherlock and John and their private detective business had solved crimes, helped her win cases in court and provided her with an adorable dog while locking away a nasty neighbour.
In years gone by, Sherlock would have ignored the strictures of this lockdown. There were crimes to solve! Puzzles to unravel! His brother to annoy! He’d have been out in those streets (sleeping in them sometimes, for days and weeks sometimes) and distracting himself in the most destructive ways.  But his life had changed utterly since then. He had even put on some weight, around his thighs, hips and belly, which John loved to kiss.
Sherlock opened the front door. Sally Donovan stood by her car. She nodded at the bags of groceries she’d left for him.
“Well, there was that. I kept it simple. A single secret passage, and a secret door to a single room. I’ve sent all my favourites here.”
“Rosie, sweetie, don’t cry. You’ll bust something. Come on sweetie. Papa didn’t mean to take your fox. He just misses us when he’s away so he takes us with him. He’s nicked off with my sonic screwdriver pen again, the one your Uncle Greg gave me for my birthday, and I’m not yelling. See? Daddy’s singing the Doctor Song instead.” He swooped her around as he sang. “
Martin kissed a princess for the first time when Theresa met him that second date, in Paris. Both of them were passing through.
“Sorry,” drawled beer guy. “Moving boxes is thirsty work.” He backed to the doorway very slowly, as though creeping away from a lion he’d accidentally woken. “We got six boxes for delivery to D. Mitaka, New Order Bookshop.” His eyes flicked towards the name painted on the window.
“No you won’t. Tut, tut, let me take that. Who would you be calling? Oh. Your infamous brother. I don’t think so.  And heeeeere we go. The midazolam is taking effect now. You’ll be dizzy a while, but you won’t remember a thing. It’s a kindness, isn’t it?”
Mycroft stuck his tongue out at her, and Harry laughed smokily. She stood on tiptoe to see how the photos were progressing. Mummy and Daddy were holding hands and gazing on their youngest son with the sappiest expressions she had ever had the misfortune to see. Molly, dressed in a swirling blue dress, was watching Sherlock whirl Rosie around in a dance – the photographer was snapping away at the looks on their faces, and of John’s as he watched them. Greg, in a grey suit of his own, was watching Molly.
In the haunted now, John rose from not-really-sleeping to go to Rosie, at the cot beside his bed. He lifted and cuddled her. Kissed her sleepy little face. Took her to the shelf that held a framed photograph of her smiling mother.
Sally sighed low and long and folded into Molly’s arms, and Molly rubbed her cheek against Sally’s beautiful coils of dark hair.
“Hey,” Caleb reached up carefully to remove leaves and flowers from Phillip’s dark hair. Phillip, captivated, squatted slightly and let him.
John didn’t want to hear about that deleting nonsense, so he’d resumed kissing and Sherlock, quick study and excellent student as he was, resumed kissing back.
Rosie sat in front of the pink dressing table that Mycroft had so kindly inflicted upon them last Christmas, watching, as Sherlock slid the 41st tiny pink hair clip into her hair, she beamed and shouted again “Mo’ WERRRRRR!!!” The 42nd clip slid in just above her right ear. She looked in the mirror and preened, John said she got that from Sherlock.
Rosie was lying on a baby blanket on the floor, crying, her red face scrunched up, fat tears leaking down her cheeks and her nose glistening. Harry scooped her up and jounced her niece while John stood by the door, watching them.
“It is yours, though. It’s what you came to look for. You decided to come looking for it after you encountered John and me in the village. ”
Harry stomped out of the room. Mycroft watched her go, but he wasn’t thinking of Harry and her upset and being the source of this upset.
She turned and caught Sherlock up in a long hug, then John, then she baby-talked Rosie for a while. “Gran missed her Rosie Rose, yes she did! She did! And she’s been tidying up your silly Sherlock’s rooms before the rats started nesting in all those papers.”
Operation Escape was pretty much a matter of so far, so good and Phillip didn’t want to push his luck. He only needed ten minutes. Fifteen, tops. A calming smoke, a few minutes to think up some story or other for Donna, then he could sneak back inside to the reception for the end of the speeches. Nobody would be the wiser. Well, Mom might, but she and Linda were all moon eyes – which, fair enough, it was their wedding – and would probably miss his absence.
