“Yeah, they support themselves and the temple with beekeeping. Would you like to see it, Sherlock?”
Sherlock shuddered under his touch, and made a soft, pleasant hum. “Sir… There are limits, though, aren’t there? Even if your plan succeeds. I am a servant. You are a king.” Sherlock sighed sadly. “There are limits.”
The door nudged open, and John peeked in. “Um, sir?”
John was tempted to tell his master that the clothes had been chosen by Prince Montgomery, but he did not wish to make William think ill of the clothing. “You approve, sir?”
“Sherlock,” John said tenderly, pushing three fingers in his servant. It was John’s greatest joy to keep his servant happy and safe. He moved his hand back and forth carefully, making Sherlock undulate and whimper.
“Yeah, I think so.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. How would John say it? He’d tell an interesting story, one that would make everything better. “We haven’t asked the stork yet.”
Sherlock said nothing, but continued to stare at the floor.
Suddenly, I perked up. I saw that I might actually be able to confide in Bertie.
The king closed his eyes, and took a deep breath, clearly exerting some effort to calm himself.
King John growled; the low, powerful pitch had a profound effect on the servant. He took Sherlock in his arms and kissed him again, deeply. Sherlock moaned, loving every moment of it.
The baby coughed a little, and her attentive mother picked up a napkin to wipe the dribble at the corner of its mouth, making some reassuring sounds when the baby gave a little fuss.
Sherlock ached with his need to satisfy every desire of the king. Never before had he felt so empty. The servant placed a hand over his belly, wondering what it would be like to grow large with King John’s rightful successor, to give the king what he wanted.
MYCROFT
“Of course, Sherlock…”
John was certain that noblemen didn’t sew clothes for their servants, but Montgomery seemed delighted, in his own subdued way. “Do you think I should, Lestrade?”
Jeeves quieted, and Sherlock didn’t have anything more to add. But the damage was done. John and I shared a sorry glance. It was fair to say that our helpmeets hadn’t hit it off with each other. John and I had both agreed beforehand that they ought to get along like childhood friends, and we’d both got it wrong.
Sherlock smiled a little. “You flatter me. But you are over-working yourself. How long can you carry your family’s debts on your own two shoulders?”
SHERLOCK
It was not due to the competition itself, but a servant that the king met during the event. In the middle of the tournament, the king had wanted to take a look at the lance he was going to use for the final contest, the joust. He found the storage room where the weapons were kept, and inside the room, he saw a fair-skinned, dark-haired, slender figure, who had looked all the more delicate against the sword that he had been cleaning.
A refresher is always welcome, though clearly, I’m not precisely the one you wish to dance with.
When William returned to his personal quarters, John was dutifully present. He had been sitting on the king’s bed but stood at attention when William arrived. It was evening, and dark. The light of several candles bathed John in an alluring glow.
Sherlock sighed. “Your hand feels good in me. I like having you in me.”
Mycroft placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm. It was unusual for Mycroft to use touch so familiarly, and it startled Sherlock.
“No?” Mycroft sighed. “I was doing so well, too.”
For two brothers who had been pitted against each other like that, John wasn’t surprised. “I don’t see how they can live in the same castle.”
Ah, hello, Watson.
LESTRADE
He had no idea how to accomplish such a thing, but he had to. Someone who could give the king an heir would be useful to him, and if Sherlock was useful, then perhaps the king would always keep him. The servant could not bear any separation from this noble figure, who was so generously reading aloud for him, wasting a regal, stately tone on unworthy ears.
“I will clean the table for you, sir.” Proving himself through his actions, John went about cleaning the dining table, touched by his master’s silent amazement. He hoped it meant that Sherlock understood his servant would always be loyal to him.
Sherlock was more nervous than John had expected, however. He was taken aback when he touched Sherlock’s shoulder and felt how much his servant was quivering.
Certainly, Sherlock did not mind the title of respect. If anything, he sometimes enjoyed John’s humble deference too much. “Of course. But you seem to use it exclusively. I simply want you to know that you do not have to.”
WATSON
The nobleman puzzled over that name. He looked down at himself, narrowing his eyes in contempt at the tasteless royal ensemble he wore. “Everything will soon be made right.”
John opened his eyes, confused, because he did not remember closing them, and flustered, on account of his unrelenting imagination.
Wait, if I may ask, how did you know he was staring at a letter?
Yes, Holmes, I know, I was there—
As William played the events in his head, a possibility occurred to him. “Lestrade.”
His appealing servant whimpered prettily.
Overwhelmed, John cried out his joy. He helplessly thrust up and spent himself, spilling all that he had over William’s briefs. It was heaven, and it buoyed his spirit to feel his master’s legs entwine more closely with his own, though a part of him was coherent enough to fear the consequences of being so wanton under his lord’s attention.
Oh, sure. I’ll be off. Wish him well for me.
Indeed not. Now, if you would please, make yourself comfortable on Watson’s armchair. That should do nicely.
With a hopeful spring in his step, Bertie leapt from the sofa, and made his way closer to the hallway (like I said, it’s a big flat). From there, he called out, “Oh, Jeeves, would you join us for half a tick?”
That small admission had Sherlock’s heart racing. “John,” he groaned, imagining it. “How incredible it would be to watch you love yourself…”
There was something like fear in John’s voice, and it startled Sherlock. He turned his head back to glance at John, though he didn’t move much more than that, not wishing to hinder John in his task.
“Oh…!” Apparently, John had not even known that he was so affected. “Would you…?” The meek request was left unfinished, abashedly abandoned.
John kindly allowed him to pull that article of clothing down.
Because how was Sherlock supposed to not fall in love, when John is...John? Caring, and protective, and it's not like Sherlock picked his own military kink – it was there way before he met his army doctor (captain) flatmate – and so damn funny, and he could spend ages listing all the ways John is amazing but he's already close to not making sense, so. That's not good. Especially for what he's trying to do. When you're writing, run-on sentences and ambiguity and your brain spitting a jumbled mess of (mostly, really) feelings are not what the doctor ordered. Oh god. He really needs to breathe and untangle his thoughts if he's going to do this. Then again, he couldn't slow down if he was paid to. John might take all the time in the world when he's writing, thinking whole sentences between one pecked letter and the next, and going back four times in his brain before he manages to find where the f is (even after all this time). Sherlock rushes through. Well, at least that helps with the not getting caught.
“Why haven’t you deleted his number, then?” Mitch asked.
“Before acquiring the relevant data? Even if doing that is a habit of your colleagues, I'm not so stupid. I thought you were helping us because you knew better,” Sherlock snapped, quickening his pace.
Well, the one thing that swamped the town was definitely old buildings. In fact, why hadn’t his bastard brother picked a hotel in one? Sherlock threw a thin white shirt and matching shorts on, slipped his feet into a pair of sandals, and went down to the hall. “Can I ask when our room was reserved?”
That got a snort of laughter out of Sherlock, at least. “You have an odd perception of mystery fans, army doctor John Watson. I say this having one as my mum, and she’s completely barmy, mind you.”
Gemma shook her head in despair. “No, you don’t get it.”
"About wanting coffee? About you being amazing?" Oh, there—the blush was back. Lovely. John caught himself smiling reflexively. "About my wanting to spend more time with you, and doing my best to make it enjoyable for you, too? Deadly serious. So help me God."
Alessandra didn’t move. “Again? She’s in shock, you know. You might be used to...to...that,” she replied. Her arms opened in defeat, the right one turning in small, aborted half-circles, as if she could physically grasp the words she couldn’t speak “But we’re not. How don’t you understand that?”
“How many people have you met that don’t mind your deductions? Running away—well, this is one of the rare times you’re idiotic, Locket. I’m not saying kiss him, or live with him, or anything that absurd. But name-induced panic is below you,” his sibling huffed.
“I find that difficult to believe,” the detective retorted.
Failure. Complete, frustrating failure. Sherlock glared at the other man, who cheerfully waved at him after settling their tab. The journalist didn’t feel any closer to understanding anyone’s reasons than he was this morning. He would need to get the truth out of his brother, and spend a whole week here without melting. All while he avoided John Watson, despite the small size of the damn town. It was one thing to escape someone in London. In a medieval, fortified hilltop? It would require only a bit of stubbornness to track down anyone…especially anyone who didn’t have the chance to hole themselves (up) in a private home. He hated Mycroft. What was his brother thinking?
“Can I surmise that you want to deal with me, then?” John asked.
Still, that will have to be a last resort. Maybe... Maybe if he just stops writing for a while, John's suspicions will wane. That should be easy, surely. After all, the stories are only a recent development.
No one was, because upstairs a portly man behind a counter loudly asked for his ticket. Sherlock smirked and picked up his pace. There was no way that he’d be caught—and in fact, the man didn’t even make as if to follow. His smugness was short-lived, though, as a uniformed man (a private guard, not a policeman, at a glance) interrupted his analysis of the layout, in order to figure out the probable quickest way to the director’s office. This had just turned fun.
Still, further digging is required. It doesn't take long, now that he knows where to look, to find John's account on AO3 – password saved, so he doesn't even have to wonder which movie or what else first brought him here. With his pop culture knowledge so severely lacking, Sherlock could have been stumped for the first time. Sherlock is tempted to head-desk. TheWarDoctor. John might as well have signed by name, but – the John Hurt profile image had confused him. He's commented and bookmarked all Sherlock has ever written. Sherlock should really retire, because how could a casual Doctor Who reference blind him to word patterns and everything else that screamed John at him?
As it was, despite obtaining what they’d come for in barely a minute since he took the reins, the agent thought necessary to both thank the man and extend her apologies—again, with many more words and emphatic gestures than necessary.
Still, Sherlock walked ahead of John after that. It was just too...embarrassing. If interacting with him didn't make the man see sense, how could he rid himself of his company? And he needed to. He couldn’t let himself be ensnared. He was supposed to be a merely logical human—a reasoning machine —and feelings had no place in such a scenario. Never mind that even Conan Doyle couldn’t resist, and gave his character a companion. Things didn’t work like that in the real world. Humans didn’t bond with automatons—not those with the ability to deny them.
Before he could pounce on his maddening sibling, Mycroft himself stumbled into him, turning a corner. “Would it kill you to not embarrass me for once?” he hissed, pushing him backwards.
“I’ve just seen a prick being a prick….and I don’t mean you. Did you really think that this would affect my opinion of you?” John huffed. Control lost, he sought the other’s hand, squeezing it.
“Yeah,” John said. Not again.
“About the stairs, or any other place really, being a more fitting location for a murder. I’m still unsure whether you accidentally involved me in some sort of game, because really, John? The person who was killed lived in Death’s Turn? Well, I assume it’s turn and not time or vault, not that either would make it much better.” The journalist pointed at the street sign claiming Volta della Morte.
“Oh thank God, Sherlock, people keep glaring at me here, I just wanted to apologise because, well, I don’t think we can see each other anymore.”
“I have no preference whatsoever. I will not be catering to her wishes, anyway, and I don’t expect her to cater to mine,” the journalist replied, looking at the sign rather than either of his companions.
Oh. Why had ever expected anything else?
“Wait—they caught you for bloody murder and you thought you would call me, instead of a lawyer? You’re supposed to have a brain, try to use it, will you? Or don’t. If your reaction is to joke about murder, you’d better not say another syllable. I’ll be there.” Sherlock shook his head. It was one thing to think that they would be better off far away from each other. But allowing the man to be jailed for his own idiocy? For a week, maybe. But not on such a ludicrous accusation.
The agent looked to the side—whether afraid of witnesses or looking for support, Sherlock couldn't say. Her mouth opened in protest, but before she could quote her orders, he huffed, “What’s the advantage if I’m supposed to just sit in my room and do nothing? Might as well come along and annoy you, at least.”
He might have zoned out for a minute there, in his righteous anger, because next he knew Sherlock’s glare had changed into a smirk, which didn’t seem a logical reaction.
“Isn’t anyone’s mum?” John quipped. He loved walking back by Sherlock’s side, and hoped he wouldn't clam up back in the museum.
“Mobile phones are annoying like that. But you know, if I was the type to believe in such a thing, I would think you’re psychic.”
For a moment nothing at all happened, then Sherlock declared, “So, you didn’t kill Livia, after all.”
John ran. There was no trace of Sherlock in the corridor. No wonder; with those legs and how quick he was walking the man could be outside the hospital right now. Still, he refused to leave the journalist believing he was just another mocking arsehole. He hoped that Sherlock would be vulnerable to the main flaw of his job—curiosity. Especially since the interview had been cut short by his own untimely appearance.
The newly minted consulting detective levelled a look at John, which expressed how much he thought it shouldn't be their role to reassure anyone. When the doctor hissed, “Go. On!” though, he caved and complied.
Valentino ignored their antics. “Seriously, what? Are you crazy?” he asked, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
“I asked him, Mr. Holmes,” the director snapped.
“I have half a mind to throw you both into a cell for the crime of being annoying, but I doubt that would help. The president volunteered our suspects' addresses as well as their last names, so if you're so anxious we can visit the nearest one now. Viola Paoletti lives almost in front of Raffaello’s birthplace, so it’s about halfway the street we just took, and this time it’s downhill!” Gemma replied, for once leading them.
If the universe was kicking him in the shins—literally—it was a sign to stop dawdling…or at least to stay still. Not that Sherlock believed in signs or supernatural nonsense of any kind, but he did believe in data to be interpreted. And this was definitely cold, hard fact.
Sherlock was almost tempted to back out. But they had an agreement—they’d shaken on it—and he would look ridiculous changing his mind now. If no one else was, he was supposed to be the professional and focused one in this endeavour. Perhaps, they’d learn something from him.
John could see Sherlock’s eyes wandering, looking for another excuse to launch into a search. He could either stay and become useless without a translator, or give his friend the excuse he craved and join in the active part of the investigation. With the Italians having switched back to their own language, which he blamed on sheer forgetfulness rather that any attempt to exclude him, it didn't feel like much of a choice.
The cop turned around, her usual cheerfulness cranked up to eleven, a new, almost manic light in her clear, blue eyes. “Oh my God oh my God oh my God, I can’t believe it! I’m sad to say that this is not going to be a lurid tale of revenge and forced marriage—we’d know if she was married, for one—and there aren’t any Western elements unless you go to a Sergio Leone retrospective, I’m afraid. But that this should happen in real life, to
“Yes, right, so...well, obviously she’s been stabbed. Many times over. There are plenty of defence wounds and other shallow cuts, but the ones which killed her are the cut to her throat—our victim actually had her throat slashed, I swear, it's the first time I've seen that—and a stab in her chest. It didn’t hit her heart, only the right lung, but still, one lung collapsing is not what you want to deal with while bleeding out. The weapon is one of her own kitchen’s knives, from what your colleagues said, and it didn’t have any fingerprints on it. As if things could ever be so easy.” Luca's report ended in a deep sigh.
Nobody's ending," John growled, "except maybe you."
“Have you been listening at all, Mycroft?” the younger man snapped. That was a low blow, and Sherlock knew it—he only used his brother’s birth name when he was furious.
Sherlock sighed, his disappointment an almost physical blow for John after the excitement of seconds ago, and got to work. Closet and nightstand were opened and examined…The doctor would have said ‘cursorily’, given his speed, but he knew better than to assume his genius flame needed as long as anyone else would to notice relevant data. Books’ titles were skimmed, and the biggest ones leafed through.
“Oh, do we?” the doctor teased.
Sherlock allowed himself a smirk. His new partner underestimated his ability to make a nuisance of himself.
Once back on the ground floor, John couldn’t bite back the laugh when the ceiling of the now-empty library of the Duke was brilliantly decorated…with a sun embracing an emblem and, apparently, spreading golden sperm everywhere. “Not exactly subtle back then, were they?”
The little shops on both sides of the street attracted his attention. Even if he wasn’t strictly a tourist, it didn’t mean that he couldn’t look. Especially at the shop (he really wasn’t sure what they sold) in whose window a birdcage reproduction of the palace sat proudly And if the smell wafting from one stopped him in his tracks…well, nobody was waiting for him. He’d been so nervous about the trip that he’d eaten one apple all day, keeping himself functioning with a good amount of tea. Surely one slice of pizza was worth a pause. Or two. After all, he was in Italy.
“So? Anyone joining me for dinner?” the doctor asked.
Besides, even if he were a normal man, relationships never lasted. People drifted apart. They moved, ghosted and generally left each other. He’d managed perfectly until now. He worked alone; enjoyed his leisure time alone. And when he got someone involved—always family, of course—he ended up disappointing and being disappointed. Look how Mycroft had messed up this time.
“Is there some sort of requirement for us to room together? I’d get it if we were to actually be supervised, but if we’re not going to have a guard posted anyway...I mean, I wouldn’t protest. But it’s a bit soon,” John added, a smile shining in his amber eyes. At least, they looked amber now. Sherlock would have sworn they were a plain hazel. If the man could settle and finally become boring, the amateur detective would be better focused.
murders. Having a fortified way from the base of the palace to out of town that you can, if necessary, rush through on horseback is a good way to survive, sirs,” the lawyer announced, before theatrically turning away.
“Flatterer,” the newly minted sleuth retorted, flushing at the overblown lie.
"Idiots," he grumbles.
“We’re not making a salad,” Sherlock replied, steps sounding loud on the pavement.
Frankly, he didn’t expect that it would take them over three hours to visit just the public parts of the place, but when others were trailing towards the exit, dragging their feet, Livia opened another door (one with engravings in perspective, and John, who’d never been good even at drawing, was especially awed) and grinned, announcing, “This. This is just for us. And we have a very special chaperon.” She guided them to an imposing door and rapped on it. After a moment, it was opened by the director himself, looking more imperious than ever.
. I can’t waste it on anyone else. What did she get involved in, by the way?” the young man replied.
Catching his eye, the old man finally caught his breath and roared, “Silence!” It echoed among the vaults, making even Gemma jump a bit.
Sadly, his bet didn’t require proving that they were uninvolved, but catching the actual person responsible. That called for more research. Not in here, though. The house had spoken.
Gemma nodded, and rushed after the madman. John started tapping against his thigh. It was maddening how every single decision they made was the wisest possible in this situation...but it still led to him being excluded. He wanted to know what was going on, damn it! And strictly speaking, he was the one who had the most experience with death. Why was the journalist asked to solve the case? Just because his name was Sherlock Holmes? ...Or maybe because he was a legit genius. Okay, there was that.
There was no reason not to have fun in the meantime. He looked through his phone, trying to remember who everyone among his new contacts was. He might as well take some of them up on their offers. Not Viola, definitely. Now, who should he text? Chiara had looked on the brink of an exam-related panic attack, so no. Claudio? No, he tried to flirt and John wasn't yet ready to give up on Sherlock. Gloria? She was the last one to give him her number, and seemed to do it mostly because everyone else was doing the same. He’d rather not bother her. Matteo? John found himself laughing again to a joke the boy told him.
"Coffee?" Sherlock sounded like he'd been offered a mysterious brew from Alpha Centauri. Or as if the idea of going for a coffee was an unprecedented event in the history of mankind.
Sherlock’s glare said what he thought of Mycroft’s hypocrisy. Rather than arguing more, he rose and left without a word.
“About what?” Not that he was surprised, but…fine, John was surprised that the man could arrive at any sort of conclusion so soon.
John was ready to finally send that message, when he received one from an unknown number. He almost deleted it, but then decided to check. At least to check that he hadn’t accidentally signed up to some service that would eat up his funds.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
. This time, it was a brilliant red, with deep blue hinges. He prayed it meant his brother was in a good mood, because he needed Mitch to be. There was no way that he could face this alone. Not when the universe had stopped making sense.
The other snorted. "Yes, of course. It's not as if she needs me again, anyway. But – I promised not to dirty her, so...let's go out, gentlemen, shall we?"
Both assumptions turned out to be correct, luckily for him. They were going back to take exams...so at least half of them were all too eager to concentrate on anything but their own fears. Before the bus even arrived, the former soldier had collected a handful of phone numbers, with offers to show him the best places to eat at, and promises to celebrate together if their tests should go well.
"As if. You should have started to feel the difference between our capabilities. But maybe that's asking too much of you. Sherlock? Any last words?"
“Why would you say that?” the professor snapped. Man, he didn’t like when anyone stopped him from hearing his own voice, did he?
Gemma flushed, but didn’t say a word. John couldn’t divine if she was embarrassed, or fighting her own urge to laugh.
“John? How are you feeling? Do you want to go back to your room? Or should I bring you to the hospital?” she asked the back of his head, without giving him a second to answer any of that.
?” Sherlock took a spoonful of chocolatey cream.
“You’re not happy when I don’t eat. You’re not happy when I do,” Sherlock complained.
Mitch rolled his eyes, which was rich of him. If Sherlock had taken his drama queen ways from anyone, it was from his big brother. Refusing to be Mycroft—the cold, calculating, manipulative man of their mum’s favourite stories—he’d decided that an extra bit of flair would hopefully get the point across to her. It didn’t work, but it certainly passed onto his sibling a tendency for flamboyance. “Breathe, Lockie, and then tell me what’s up.”
It was 9:30 when Matteo texted him that he’d finished his exam.
“Andrea’s the boy,” Sherlock breathed in his ear, having apparently snuck behind him while he was looking at the others. John had to stop himself from shivering visibly. He had no idea how Sherlock deduced that, and he didn’t care.
“But he,” Fiamma screeched. At least John thought she did, if her gesticulating matched the words.
"You guess." John doesn't sound impressed, and with the opinion the consulting detective normally boasts of guesses, it's no wonder. The word just slipped out.
Sherlock blushed. “I made it fit. The most annoying parts of me.”
He sighed in relief when Gemma nodded, mumbling, “As long as you don’t keep causing public scandal.”
“Ab- what?” John asked.
“Are you that sure that one of these people will be our killer?” John replied, raising one eyebrow.
It should be awkward; annoying; even appalling. He has enough common sense to know that. He hasn't dared to broach the subject with John, but he's sure all the same what the man's reaction would be. But for him? Every new story is just more fodder for his fantasies. Slipping from reading to writing was the most natural thing. After all, no story can be really as accurate as his own imagination.
Whatever he’d expected from this interview, it wasn’t for the girl to open the door, ignore the—uniformed—policewoman and screech, “Jooooohn! You came after all! And brought friends!!!”
"I don't know what you were doing, but do it again," John declares one night, coming back from work to a sulky flatmate. (It isn't a sulk. Not really. He's just trying to keep his mind palace in some semblance of order. Again. Sure, he
“Ouch! I thought that you were giving me a chance here.” The doctor winced dramatically.
“By the way, this place was always supposed to
“Because I need to identify threats to my sanity, why else? That doesn’t matter now anyway. You
The man spoke so fast the doctor almost expected to see his teeth chatter, but shouldn’t Sherlock be back any second now? No, time just felt eternal when all one could do was sit there and stare—he hoped.
Sherlock sighed deeply. How many times had this happened? If he’d kept count, there would have been no space for anything else in his mind palace. He took his passport and threw it down on her desk.
"No. I was just wondering if you had a message from Apollo, after all."
Sherlock glared at him, and declared the discussion closed the way John was starting to recognise as his usual. A quick scowl (at his brother this time), and he turned away to stride through the last of the portico.
“I’ll come along, naturally. A few hundred miles should ensure that I’m safe from pursuit,” Sherlock said.
care about John, not any more than he would for any fellow British man that got involved in trouble abroad without any fault of his own. But to insinuate that his attitude could endanger either of them? That was low. He knew his limits, and the way his brain worked: missing a meal, or even two, wouldn’t make him swoon like a Regency maiden! But it was harder than it had ever been to put the other in his place. Damn. It was all because he’d thrown his past career into the conversation so nonchalantly.
He shook his head. “He doesn’t have one...yet. But he will, very soon.”
How he kept himself from screaming, he wasn’t sure. He wanted to yell that he wasn’t a bloody Victorian detective, wasn’t wearing a deerstalker, and would she ask someone called Ulysses to prove his identity by coming up with the winning plans for a war? Then thought of John—and him—having to wait for these people to prove they were innocent, never mind catching the actual murderer. He might not be the world’s only consulting detective, but he had no doubt that he could do better than the whole police station combined. “You’re on,” he said. “And you included John all by yourself...so you obviously agree to releasing him into my care?”
John kept pace. As always. “I’m starting to sense a pattern,” he said, once the door closed behind the two of them. “Is it me you want to avoid or are you not used to companions under 6 feet? I thought that you agreed to this meeting.”
“He has a point, you know,” John said, closing his hand in an attempt to stop himself from reaching for Sherlock’s. The man had just spoken about wanting space, for God’s sake. At her glare, he added, “Even if your aesthetic judgment is right.”
That was the moment their waitress chose to bring their food. There were no scenes—there couldn’t be—but the tenseness of her shoulders said everything Sherlock needed to know. “Oh please. Instead of being grumpy on her account, why don’t you offer to deepen your friendship with her?” he said, pointing at Gemma.
Alex’s hands went up in surrender. “Sorry.”
Her disappointment, when she mumbled to Bea—who’d obviously heard much about this particular painting—was so deep as to be almost comical. Loaned things came back, didn’t they? How long did an exhibit go on for? A few months?
“Lead on,” Sherlock huffed. John breathed easier when Sherlock's disappointed look was the only sign that, in his opinion, she had not done her homework.
When their bill arrived, he picked it up. The least he could do was to reciprocate John’s thoughtfulness. “Let me. You offered last time. Unless you want to go Dutch, like at the Galleria. But—I’d like to.”
Holmes! I came as soon as Mrs. Hudson told me you’d gone to Scotland Yard. You—
“I know that you are a king. I have seen you in a crown, and there can be no doubt that you have the demeanour of the highest authority.” Sherlock bowed his head. King John’s smile was proving far too distracting, and in any case, Sherlock was obliged to show this man his due respect. “Indeed, sir, a man in your position should not have to roam these halls unescorted. Should I call a guard for you, sir?”
Sherlock would have to help clean up after the day’s round was over, but for now, he was free to cheer from his close seat. A number of individuals were competing that day; Sherlock was only concerned with one.
I wasn’t there, but Jeeves told me later on that at the table, John had inquired about my man’s military service, which was apparently something people tended to bond over when they’d both been through it. John had been surprised, apparently, since he thought he could tell if someone had been in the military, and he’d missed the mark on Jeeves entirely. He’d supposed Jeeves’s posture and neatness had come simply from whatever butlerish training these PAs go through. I believe one or two friendly jokes were had over John’s seniority, him being what they call a commissioned officer whereas Jeeves was not, and before long they’d shimmied from the table and were tossing darts like old school chums.
‘The eyes are the window to your soul,’ as the bard said, and my gaze is quite empty. What deduction can we make from that?
You have the unmistakable manner of a military man. How you speak, the way you walk—too measured for someone without military service. An English army doctor; wounded and invalided home. At your age—you do not sound much older than myself—the tremor in your hand is most likely psychological. This makes it likely that you were injured recently, and under strenuous circumstances. You were in Afghanistan.
“Believe me, I know you’ll never take a wife.” Sherlock knew his brother well enough to be certain of that. Mycroft had never shown that kind of interest in anyone.
As distracted as he was, it took longer than it should have for the servant to undo the clasps of the king’s boots, which were admirably rugged and robust, just like their wearer. To make matters worse, the boots were distracting in their own right. They were very different from the pair Sherlock was wearing, which were worn with use and tied with cheap lace.
MYCROFT
“My clothes are being prepared in the laundry.” The sponge was now in William’s hand, and John had sheepishly turned away. “Retrieve them for me after you have changed out of that thing you call a nightgown.”
Instantly, the chest containing the abandoned belongings captured Sherlock’s attention. He opened the chest and rifled through the contents. John wasn’t sure what interested Sherlock so much about the stuff, since there wasn’t much other than simple clothes and tools there. His servant was often this way, though, and Sherlock’s boundless curiosity never failed to charm the king.
Lestrade rolled his eyes. “This is absurd. You know as well as I do that Montgomery wouldn’t hurt a fly.” He released his hold on William’s arm. “Go, and go and see how fine it all is.”
There was not an immediate answer. “It was getting hard to keep driving,” the king said at length, softly, “when all I wanted was to come back in here, and make love to you on the bed.”
With a long moan, Sherlock rolled his head, and his hips jerked, taking more of John into himself, which only prolonged Sherlock’s keening.
I was nervous, too, but I remembered that John and his significant other would be here soon helping us through, and everything was going to be just fine. “I’m happy to be here, Jeeves,” I told him earnestly, “and I’m delighted that you could make it.”
“Is there another reason you came in here so quickly?”
He served the food to King William in their usual dining room. In his plush coat and fine cap, William looked as regal as ever. He was calm and composed, the opposite of how John felt inside.
“I believe he has a pair of gloves, but I see the problem. He needs his hands to turn the pages of the book, no doubt. John, do you think he would use fingerless gloves?”
It was clear to Sherlock that they should meet in neutral territory. Unfortunately, there was not a single space in the castle that could be used. The war room had only ever been his older brother’s domain, and Montgomery still seemed to govern the treasury. The meeting rooms and offices used by the current monarch were, of course, William’s.
John had moved to dusting the dressing room. He seemed to take stock of the large room and hummed in thought. “Should your trousers be cleaned today, sir?”
Yes, I see. How absurdly simple.
“That’s right.” The king leaned in closer, this time to Sherlock’s other ear. “Can I put this on your hands, Sherlock?”
“I am not Sherlock.”
A hot rush in John threatened to bring back his unconscionable desires. He took Sherlock’s shy hand firmly. “Well, maybe some other time, when you’re ready. If you still want to.”
Fine, Holmes. In a moment.
“What is it, Sherlock?”
Sherlock seemed to accept this, but it wasn’t fair to expect him to truly understand these circumstances. He did not know the burden of expectations that a king was destined to carry. When the time came that John could no longer put off his duties to his lineage and his kingdom, Sherlock would feel betrayed, and would leave John forever.
John stood up, scooted his seat back, and knelt next to his master’s seat. The vulnerable show of deference made him blush, but he felt better when he heard William gasp.
Sherlock gave him a modest but sincere smile. “You are certainly gallant enough, sir.”
“I meant it,” John whispered.
“Oh, the lances, you asked about the lances,” he said, too quickly, flustered under the steady gaze aimed at him. “No, I have not cleaned them yet. I am sorry, sir. I will clean them soon.”
to be polite. Tell me where Mycroft is.
Sherlock drew back, surprised. “What is it?”
“I’m his priest as well as yours!”
John looked at him with eyes that were full of kindness as well as desire. “Sir? Oh, sir, of course!” His hips stuttered in the water, and his eyes went shut at an obvious but feeble attempt for self-control. “Sherlock!”
John couldn’t believe his eyes. Sherlock was sitting next to him. “Mr. Holmes… Sherlock?”
He gradually prepared John more deeply. His body and every other part of him powerfully longed for John. It did nothing to quell his ache when he reached deeply within John and heard his servant cry out. Every moment was full of heady anticipation.
Yet every moment was bliss, especially when John was trembling under him, trusting him so much. Without thinking, John was rubbing himself against the bed, finding no release there.
Ceasing his murmuring abruptly at the sound of the familiar voice, John lifted his head and turned to see the other man. More disenchanted with the world than even John, this fellow never appeared for Sunday services, though he visited at the same odd hours John had chosen lately for using the chapel. John had come to appreciate his company, and in truth, this man was the only person who ever gave to John without taking, even if it was nothing more than the time of day or a sympathetic ear.
“I asked Father Lestrade! We’re going to get married, sir!” Bursting with joy, John hugged Sherlock. Struck by such wonderful news, Sherlock did not mind at all. “We’re going to have a baby and get married! We’ll be together!”
John’s feelings for Sherlock had not diminished. If anything, he had only become more infatuated with him after learning of the adventurous childhood and complicated past hidden behind William’s arrogant facade.
“You did so well,” John told him, climbing up the bed so that he could lie at Sherlock’s side. He felt the softness of Sherlock’s hair, and when Sherlock made a cute little mewl, the smitten king leaned closer, touching the brown stubble of his cheek to Sherlock’s pale, smooth face. “My pretty servant.”
“I don’t know about that. You’re the one who goes to parties with famous authors, owners of companies, and members of Parliament.”
I had been hired to be the personal physician and helper for a blind man allegedly suffering from complications and in need of a sighted attendant. Oh, how little I knew then.
With a flourish of his coat, King William left him to head out the room and down the hallway, in the direction of the royal offices and meeting rooms. John went to the castle chapel, the most likely place for one to find Father Lestrade, but the priest was not there.
Those words left John light-headed. “Mine,” he whispered. His hands moved back down, and he caressed the soft, white skin on the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
“The story about the monarch who claimed the woman he loved. She gave him children, didn’t she?”
WATSON
“Good evening, King William,” Lestrade said in an official manner, his hands clasped stiffly in front of his priestly cassock. There was a small wooden cross hanging from his neck.
MYCROFT
WATSON
A hint of surprise passed over John’s face, but he schooled himself quickly to a servile respectfulness. “As a matter of fact, I did.”
“Yes, of course. I am sorry.”
“I’m only sorry I can’t do more.”
“That’s right, Sherlock.”
He was recognized as the king’s personal servant, and allowed to make his way to the king’s room, which he had already been given a key to. He wasn’t sure what he intended to do when he entered the room. Certainly, he did not want to wake his master. Part of him, he supposed, hoped that the king would still be awake, or would wake up early. Otherwise, Sherlock would sit in one of the chairs for a while, or perhaps sleep on the ground by the bed. Maybe the emptiness he felt would go away, simply from being in his master’s presence.
As outrageous as it was, he now shared the bed in his caravan with Sherlock—his darling servant, who had no idea how selfishly the king was acting. John knew very well his own selfishness, though. Regardless of his own feelings, John would someday need to sire an heir. It had always been expected of him. He needed to ensure the stability of his kingdom. How could he provide an heir and still devote himself to Sherlock? He was certain that he could not.
One of the last sights of their tour was the dungeon, deep within the fortress. It had not seen use for a very long time, though chains had been left there, probably just to fascinate visitors. John had seen dungeons before. For him, this was nothing new.
People in such different roles as theirs were not meant to become meaningful to each other.
“That’s a good look on you, Sherlock.”
“I remember,” John said with long-suffering amusement. “It’s still a title though. Besides, if you don’t believe in God, Sherlock, what do you make of the fact that God has answered all my prayers?”
Sherlock was very much aware that this situation was the height of absurdity. For him to need his master to comfort him like this, for not being able to perform a duty, was laughable. It was evidence of how unsuitable he was for this fine king. Sherlock was doing the wrong thing by not tearing himself away from King John. But then, Sherlock hardly knew what the right thing was. He had never been a very decent servant. Serving people of nobility had always been a complex matter, and being in love with his master made it all the more complicated.
“What limits, Sherlock? Nobody else needs to know how much we matter to each other.”
Murmuring to John’s ear, Sherlock murmured, “I would very much like to clean you.” In no hurry, he kissed his servant’s neck. “May I?”
“Absolutely. I’ll help you when you get close, too.”
“I wish I was not! John, do you know what I came across today, what miraculous thing was given to me?”
In the meantime, William owed someone his attention. “You were saying, Lestrade?”
“When you said you said you loved me, s-sir. Even if you didn’t mean it… it was the most wonderful thing I’ve ever heard…”
“It is none of your business.”
A considerable understatement.
“This is not, strictly speaking, a house, but I concur with your general sentiment, sir. I am extremely interested to hear any suggestion you may have to offer, Dr. Watson.”
I didn’t mean that. Forget I said it.
Sergio lived almost at the opposite end of town. He opened the door for them immediately at least; it would have been too awkward to miss two suspects in a row. “Sherlock?” he asked, still on threshold, after a moment of hesitation. The boy frowned, eyes moving from one to another of his unexpected visitors.
"Problem?" Sherlock barked.
“I’m sure the motive is one of these. People are ultimately boring. How everyone else doesn’t realise that much is the true mystery.” Sherlock shrugged.
They agreed to meet in the square where he met Sherlock, since John had found a room nearby.
“It’s silly retracting a retraction, but Mr. Holmes, you do need some serious training in how to deal with the public…and God knows, a sister or two would have done you good, too.
Sherlock won't survive if he's discovered. No, there's not any criminal stalking him. That, he knows how to handle. Besides, John wouldn't let anyone murder him. His blogger has proved it time and again, right from the start. And it's part of the problem.
The next kiss is all Sherlock ever hoped for, and more. He wants to keep it forever in his mind palace. But his usually keen brain feels ready to melt. There will be no counting pulse rates this time. Not when his own is dancing like that.
What now, then? Before he can manage to think himself out of it (his inner Mycroft is an asshole), Sherlock rushes upstairs, shaking John awake. It's not long since he retired, but John has the ability to instantly fall asleep when he wants to.
Their companion was the one to answer. “Yes, well, a charitable fellowship taking care of poor people’s burials was set here. The name stood. Speaking of names, just to clarify—yours are really John Watson and Sherlock Holmes?”
John laughs, which doesn't help his nerves. "Can't say the idea didn't flit through my mind, once or twice."
When someone came—a fresh-faced, smiling policewoman—he smiled back. She told him, in decent English, “You won’t believe what I’m here for.”
When they met at the police station, Gemma gave them a strained smile. “Let’s go.” She waved them outside. “It turned out that I have sorely disappointed my chief. And wouldn’t you know it, not because I failed to guard you 24/7, but because I’ve been too helpful. How was I supposed to know that I had to sabotage what
Maybe something unexpected just happened. He’d half-dreamed about meeting Sherlock at the airport, maybe even boarding the same plane, but of course that hadn’t happened. He’d already slipped into a book somehow. His life turning into a full-blown chick flick at the same time, however pleasant, would have been eerie. God bless phones and internet, instead, because John doubted that he would have been able to organise this impromptu trip otherwise. For a town that, at least partially (from his understanding, at least) was the equivalent of a diminished county seat, Urbino was oddly complicated to reach.
Looking things up took only a moment, and the laboratory turned out to be right in front of the museum director’s office. Perfect!
“And you believe it?” Sergio snorted.
write while John is out. And, with the amount of ideas he's amassed, easily forget to check the time and stop before he's caught. No. He isn't going to risk that anymore.)
He shrugged. “Obviously. I hope you have at least one agent that will be capable of participating in an investigation, instead of hindering it.”
The motherly woman behind the desk looked at him with concern, but answered, “Of course. Just yesterday. Your brother was very apologetic, but there was really no need to be. Are you fine, Mr Holmes? Can I help?”
Cecchini was more than ready to resume his lesson, when someone else interrupted him. Sherlock, this time. “You do have a lot of art on loan,” he remarked airily.
“If you’re really Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, then you shouldn’t have any trouble solving this case before we do, don’t you? Of course, I’ll expect some of your precious evidence, not just finger pointing at any other plausible murderer”. She smiled like a wolf ready to bite.
“Her character won’t put her in jail, though God knows it should. If we are to nail or exonerate her, we need hard evidence. I would have loved to go through her laundry with a black light, even if it is probably too late already. Still, she might have missed something,” he snapped.
John didn’t need a translation for that. The words ‘suspect’ was close enough, and the woman’s reaction unmistakable. She went white first, then flushed brightly, and her already angry stare turned downright murderous. To avoid having yet another exceedingly bloody crime on their hands, Gemma and he stepped in front of Sherlock at the same time, and started spewing apologies in two languages.
For some reason, the agent looked at Sherlock, instead of replying. Her duty of surveillance should have determined her decision, shouldn’t it?
Sherlock turned to see King John looking at the sign.
It abruptly occurred to Sherlock that he was truly alone out here. He did not know any of those merchants or nobles who were with them. They might not care at all if a mere servant came to any harm. Sherlock could see that they had camped in a large clearing, but he did not know where that clearing was, or if any towns were close by, or what could be lurking in the woods beyond the clearing.
There was another small giggle from his pretty servant.
“Yes, it is.”
“Yes, thank you…” Sherlock closed his eyes, trying to better experience John’s touch inside him. He hated the duties that kept him away from John far too often.
A shiver passed through William, but it was only of excited, buoyant sentiment. How exciting it was to think of his kind John this way. Could John wish to take on such a role with him?
Sherlock unwrapped his scarf and hung it up carefully. “What did you do, John?”
I hate you sometimes.
Yes. I am Mycroft Holmes.
“Yes, m’lord?”
Even if he were not interested in the bees, Sherlock would have been glad to be led anywhere by his master. “Yes, I would, sir.”
Mycroft had been obliged to remind him,
SHERLOCK
“That’s right,” Sherlock breathed. He took John’s arm, and when he felt that it was shaking, stroked it soothingly, adding soap.
“Considering where I was, it’s no wonder you didn’t find me.” Though Lestrade seemed to attempt a little smile, his tone was deliberate, and maybe sad. “Sir, I think it’s time I tell you where I’ve been.”
“Oh, really? Shouldn’t we, oh, I don’t know, talk about our feelings, or something?”
William returned to his beloved John, who had been hanging clothes on a line in the courtyard, and who had been one of the individuals who had looked on with curiosity as William had searched. John’s face brightened handsomely when the king approached once again.
Sherlock keened. “Y-Your Majesty, I’m sorry, I don’t have a voice that’s handsome and rough like yours…”
SHERLOCK
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock gasped, his body making a lovely arc as he felt his king’s thrusts, “Yes, sir…”
Indeed, John was not surprised. “I’ve heard of pharaohs who spent their whole lives planning for it.”
Pleadingly, Sherlock leaned closer and rested his hand on John’s arm. “You are too kind to me. You are doing very well,” he said to reassure his beloved, “but I would like to touch you.”
“No doubt you will discover that when you help him write his next blog entry. I’ll try to make it a good read.”
“What do you mean?” John asked.
“That’s understandable, it is your duty, isn’t it? I know about duty.”
SHERLOCK
“It means that you will be his personal servant,” Lestrade told him. Though Lestrade was respectful, the servant rolled his eyes. John blushed, angry with himself for looking like an uneducated peasant. “I believe King William is expecting us?”
William wiped shavings of wood from his cross. “I do not disapprove.”
It can sometimes be difficult to learn what is happening in your life, brother dear, and I simply thought I could stay apprised by hiring an informant. Doctor Watson, unfortunately, refuses payment, and I have no grounds on which to acquire information from him.
Very good, Doctor. If you continue at this rate, perhaps you will one day discover which part of the body is responsible for sight.
Facing the brewery, Sherlock asked hopefully, “Do you think they would let me in?”
“Yeah, that’s right. You sound surprised?”
All mirth vanished from the servant. “Children,” the servant mumbled.
an invaluable colleague! My constant companion. My Boswell.
“No… I cannot…” William stepped away from John, though he seemed lost, not sure where to go. At last, he made up his mind, and blew out the last candle, setting the room into dim light, illuminated only by the tiny amount of light from stars and lamps that reached into their room. “Forget what I said. Goodnight, John.” He retreated onto his bed, and drew up the thin curtains immediately. His silhouette prompted laid down and rolled over, facing away from where John’s bed was.
Strangely, the doors had been left open, which was very unusual for either Holloway brother. He heard the voices of men conversing inside.
I’m sure I did.
SHERLOCK
However, in John’s company, Sherlock was not a great king. He could speak freely of his doubts, he could talk about his feelings, and incredibly, he could trust John to keep his confidence. Sherlock didn’t need the trappings of his position, either. There was no need for an ornate headdress. He could leave the crook and flail behind. It would have been absurd to wear the ceremonial false beard around John.
Bashfully, Sherlock simpered and giggled, his cheeks rounding with joy and his voice rising with endearing embarrassment.
Holmes, you can’t mean…
William’s eyebrows rose.
Propping himself up on his elbows, William looked down at John. They were very close, and John could see the most beautiful tenderness in William’s eyes. He only hoped that his master would not see the bright tint of his own embarrassed cheeks.
“I know your name.” William stepped closer, his voice becoming softer, and in a vague way, more familiar to John. “The priest has told me about you.” As he neared, the glow around the curtains licked at the tall figure.
Once the sweet, thorough preparation was done, two hands grasped Sherlock’s hips. But then nothing more happened. King John was hesitating.
John was spellbound by the magnificent image William made in his long royal coat, but he couldn’t help being concerned by his master’s melancholy. “M’lord, is something troubling you?”
WATSON
I heard the whistle of water boiling from the kitchen.
The king gradually began to thrust, to make Sherlock his own in this caravan where they had spent so much time together.
So much of John was filling him, joining with him, and yet it wasn’t enough. “Oh, yes, John, more, please, harder…”
When he was, John was still there. He let Sherlock fall onto him, adjusted him so that his head rested peacefully on John’s shoulder, and calmed him with the mellow tones of another story.
My brain is still working perfectly. Better than most.
King John was declared the champion of the tournament. This did not come as a surprise to Sherlock, nor was he surprised by the graciousness of the king when he was declared victorious. He honoured those who had faced him in combat; his noble and chivalrous manner only made the crowd adore him even more.
Sherlock’s mind stumbled to a halt when he saw, at last, the face of the king. He had a strong jaw, and rough-looking brown stubble. It was at the moment when Sherlock’s gaze met steady, sparkling eyes that there was another loud clang.
SHERLOCK
As a colleague, of course. He is invaluable.
This amount of enthusiasm was something to which I could relate, since I had a date of my own later that day that I was very much looking forward to.
“I don’t do anything like that,” John said, with a grin. He had resumed touching Sherlock’s cheek, which Sherlock enjoyed very much. “Well, maybe I help bring out the best in you.”
“My dear Sherlock.” With a light caress, John touched Sherlock’s chin.
After they had talked for a while, about the town they were about to pass through, and a bit about John’s kingdom, conversation turned towards John’s plan, the idea of hosting a tournament to find a worthy heir to the throne. Their voices became a bit more hushed.
Sherlock took John’s advice to heart.
Sherlock shivered. “Oh, sir, yes, sir…”
“Please, s-sir, John, keep touching me,” Sherlock pleaded. He wiped at his eyes, but John spotted a little drop of water slip past, falling down his cheek.
“Sherlock, sit here, please.” Following King John’s direction, Sherlock sat on the built-in sofa. “I need it, Sherlock. It’s consuming me. I need to have you again. Can I see the rapture on your face when you feel pleasure just one more time? Can I hear you scream in passion?”
What are you saying? That was what I thought at first, but now, am I not your assistant, Holmes?
“Clean us, Sherlock,” the king said, handing him a rag. It was hard to tell, but he seemed calm. Certainly, this had not been as remarkable an occurrence for him as it had been for his inexperienced maid.
When he was certain that Sherlock had been thoroughly prepared, John rolled his fingers over Sherlock’s soft, pert buttocks, easily pushed them apart, and then thrust into the slicked entrance of his pretty servant.
I hardly think so. I have observed that Watson has at least a small inclination of the inverted kind, and is trying to suppress it—or I am wrong, and he has nothing of the kind, but he is a sympathetic man all the same, and has seen much more scandalous things in our line of confidential work.
John stretched and looked at the clouds thoughtfully, wishing that William would feel comfortable acting however the nobleman wished. “Sherlock would walk through the grass with me,” he muttered hopelessly.
“If you insist,” Sherlock said, and he stood up from his seat to kneel on the floor, touching the spot where John’s trousers met his shoes.
John shrugged. “He’s the chaplain for you and your brother. I can’t say I blame him.”
Despite his serious tone, I couldn’t help but chuckle a little.
The clearing was not as empty as it had seemed from afar. There were no tall trees, but instead there were different kinds of flowers strewn about the ground, as well as a few benches, chairs and tables in various spots. Stones placed in lines on the ground suggested separate plots, but the plants had long ago crossed over their boundaries, and now flowers and grasses of different kinds could be seen everywhere.
Bertie waved as he went, soon leaving the café and pausing for a moment before he entered the expensive car. I knew exactly why Bertie had to pause. How could he blithely hop in the car, after all, when he had just discovered that he loved the man who was driving it?
That certainly sounded remarkable, but William knew that if he allowed John to stay and fascinate him any longer, then the temptation to sit companionably with his servant in this courtyard for the rest of the day would become too great. “I shall enjoy hearing of it some other time.”
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, I wonder about the different kinds of people you meet. Dear Mr. Holmes, reading one of your letters is always the high point of my day.’
“Sure.” John couldn’t depend on Sherlock’s generosity, but the clever man had never lied to him. Maybe the apothecary’s son had more skills than he had previously thought. “Wait, Sherlock, I don’t think I told you I fought in the war?” The war ended two years ago, so he highly doubted that there was any telling smell of battle on him.
They finally dressed then, and swiftly prepared their caravan for the next leg of their journey. As the convoy set off, Sherlock settled into his familiar place next to John, who directed the horse.
“Y-Yes, please, I want it so much…” Sherlock heard himself say these greedy words, and then at last was struck by his selfishness. “But you don’t have to, sir, you don’t… Ohh…”
MYCROFT
“I think we’ll have a good time, won’t we?”
SHERLOCK
As he remembered sending Lestrade on that fortuitous errand, William’s mind threatened to wander elsewhere, to the endless touch of rain and the muddy grass under his boots, to lettings things escape his mouth that should never be said in the presence of the holy man standing next to him in the countryside. The priest who had been entrusted with the confessions of kings knew things of William that could have him destroyed.
The king followed Sherlock’s line of sight. “I know. It’s wicked of me to carry it. Even I don’t know if I’m sustained or tormented by the thoughts of you that it gives me.”
John shook his head, fighting his urges in vain. “I want you so badly, Sherlock.”
The incredible design and craftsmanship of the vehicle left Sherlock in awe. “It is magnificent, sir.”
Stay in your bedroom!
“Well,” John answered softly, “I’m really happy right now, King William.”
“I’d say we’re already on our next adventure, though. The greatest adventure I’ve ever known.” John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. “Ruling my kingdom with the love of my life.”
Wide-eyed, Sherlock watched the movement of John’s hand.
Moving slowly, so as not to alarm his servant, John, who was still dressed, retrieved the chains that he had discreetly acquired, as well as the jar that he often used with Sherlock.
It was too bad John had not known that earlier, or maybe he would have been presentable enough to accompany King William. He could hope for the next time, though. “Thank you, Father.”
Drawn inexorably to Sherlock, John leaned forward to gently learn the forbidden taste of the man who was by far his superior, delighted that Sherlock was whimpering with pleasure now. His own body was loving every moment of this, though he knew he wasn’t going to be seeing to his own urges tonight. This was all to comfort the greatest man he had ever known, his brilliant Sherlock.
John was uplifted, not only because of the wonderful thing Sherlock had just said to him, but because Sherlock followed John’s lead with so much trust. Whereas the king had broad shoulders and strong arms, his whole body being that of a warrior’s, Sherlock was slender, almost delicate. Sherlock was trusting John completely, and that trust made John feel heady with desire.
“That’s ridiculous. My brother has no reason to own such garments.”
“Fair enough. Let me tell you a bit about how I’m feeling, and then it’ll be your turn, if you like. I have to admit that I’m in a sunny mood, since my friend Honoria just got engaged—for good this time, with any luck—and she wants me to be her best man. Er, does that still make me best man? If a bride’s attendant is a man, is he a best man or a maid of honour? Does it matter that Honoria’s marrying another girl?”
That is how it started, but we talked of other things, and… Sherlock… He’s coming up!
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
If not, that’s all fine. I can always make use of Lestrade instead.
Startled, Sherlock almost jumped from where he sat. The commanding voice he had just been remembering had spoken to him, and, yes, there were the caring eyes that he had so fondly thought of.
John felt a warm flicker in his chest, feeling that this beautiful spirit who was fluttering about the forest was more like a woodland fairy than a mortal servant.
The woman smiled, and took her baby back gently when Sherlock returned her. He thanked the mother, and wished good health for her and her baby.
SHERLOCK
John would be careful not to give too much to Sherlock, but only as much as Sherlock was comfortable with. That way, Sherlock would have all the time in the world to learn John’s taste, to enjoy the new experience, and John would love every tempting second of it. It would be difficult to pace himself if he was pleasured by his servant that way, yet John was certain it would be blissful as well. The king would control himself with all the strength of his will, so that he could taste Sherlock’s delight, as Sherlock tasted him.
“Well,” Sherlock rejoined sharply, “if we’re to discuss psychology, why not look at yours? Let us start with the facts. You refuse to call this man here”—he pointed at me, though I would have much preferred not to become involved—“by his first name, or to share your own. You’re his PA and have obviously been in service all your life—probably military service as well, I observe, from your firm posture and neat appearance.”
John’s voice was soothing, as if it carried all the healing power that the priest possessed. Being a servant of some small, local god of healing, John knew much about treating illnesses and helping people feel better. It seemed that all of John’s curative ability was now in his rough voice, his soothing hands, and his generous body, which eased Sherlock’s worries and brought him to a state of bliss.
Shocked and overwhelmed, Sherlock whined. It was a high-pitched, disgraceful sound. He hadn’t meant to do it, and he blushed with humiliation when the king turned in his direction.
The king sighed. “I don’t know, Sherlock.”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered. Each euphoric sensation was intensified by the knowledge of what awaited him for eternity. He would lead new, fascinating lives, and always he would find John, and John would find him. They would fall in love with each other, all over again.
Mycroft looked out the window. “I did as well.”
“Prince Montgomery… Pardon me if I say so, but something came over him. I know because he reached for his umbrella before he stood, and that’s a rare thing.”
Sherlock was so beautiful when he found wonder in the world, and his joy made the road look more beautiful to John, too. Would John ever cease to be so greatly affected by Sherlock’s excitement? The king supposed, with a full heart and fond smile, that he would see every day as an exciting adventure as long as he was with Sherlock. The pretty servant breathed life into John’s world whenever he gasped with surprise and peered with curiosity at a new discovery.
“I wish you wouldn’t do that,” the king muttered.
I think you are right, Lestrade. Hmm, here comes the missing member of our troupe.
“John,” he said to me once, “thank you. You’ve offered nothing but support for my modest output, though what I have to say seems frightfully dull compared to your murder mysteries.”
“D-Don't you want a skilled lover, sir?”
Do not feel obliged to remember that trivial fact anytime soon.
“Now that I see it on you, I think that gloves of the same shade would match well. I could make you a pair.”
“Yes, sir, but they should know better. There are times when I’ve eavesdropped on others for no better reason than I was bored. Invariably, it gets me in trouble.”
I’ve taken to sitting in the living room with my companion. As his fingers trace over some missive from Lestrade—one he will not permit me to read, though I maintain it would be good practice as I am still learning—I cannot help but think that I can look at him for hours and he will never know.
MYCROFT
Now is not a convenient time. However, I imagine you would be welcome, if circumstances were different. In the monumental undertaking of keeping me in line, I have no doubt that Mycroft finds you to be… an invaluable colleague.
Bertie smiled warmly at his PA, and, shyly bowing his head to cover it up a bit, Jeeves smiled back.
“We may talk in my quarters,” William decided. If this was a sensitive matter, they did not need to discuss it where guards could hear them.
“Shh, Sherlock. Think about how cherished you are. How adored you are.”
Sherlock giggled at the unexpected compliment. He stopped himself as soon as he could. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
He had never known John to infer someone’s thoughts the way Sherlock sometimes did. Yet, as flustered as he was, John looked at him with so much desperate love and understanding, and he murmured so sweetly and reassuringly. “I… I love you, Sherlock.”
“I wonder if you mean when he sleeps with you,” Sherlock muttered.
King John approached him. “You’re trembling again! You’re still scared, aren’t you?” He took one of the servant’s hands. “Trust me, Sherlock. I’ll take care of you. You’ll sleep soundly with me. Would you like that?”
WATSON
The king rarely whispered. When he did, it was a very different sound than that made by Sherlock’s hushed voice. Sherlock’s whispers were timid and docile, but King John’s were stern and forceful. Sherlock often whispered to be as unobtrusive as possible, while the king whispered when he was filled with passion or determination.
After a moment of hesitation, Sherlock spoke. “I wish I could give you everything you want, sir.” Putting a hand over his belly, the servant sighed.
I believe he has said something about you signing your name as G. Lestrade in your letters—hiding your given name from him, showing you didn’t want any significant intimacy between you two, some conclusion along that theme.
Sherlock looked at his master with wide eyes. “Why have you brought me here, Your Majesty?”
“How would you find such a person, sir?”
Well, that made things a little awkward. For one thing, I’d only met Jeeves once, at the café, and while we’d had a good chat, we weren’t yet on close terms, if we ever would be. We both knew Bertie well, but I really only knew of Jeeves what I’d heard from my friend, and I suppose Jeeves didn’t know much more than that of me. I couldn’t exactly slap him on the shoulder like an old friend.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock beamed jubilantly at that, instilling conflicting feelings in John. He was not particularly proud of his possessive feelings, or the way he managed to make his selfishness sound like generosity, but as long as Sherlock was happy, then John supposed it was all fine.
MYCROFT
Because you are not the
I thought perhaps Jeeves might have some background info to explain this abrupt inquiry, though even he seemed taken aback. “I understand you are Mr. Holmes,” Jeeves uttered, never the chap to go on in conversation without having gone through the introductions first.
Mycroft…
“Isn’t it exciting, sir?” Sherlock asked, truly curious. “You have journeyed far to test yourself against worthy opponents. Isn’t that exciting?”
John thought about cute little Sherlock, getting into trouble with his brother. “If only we could remind them of that.”
No, you can’t be.
“I am happy to play for you, sir.”
“Not a chance. He wanted me to come round right away. I figured that was the closest thing to a peace offering I was going to get from him,” Lestrade said with a shrug. “It’s well past time you two made up, anyway.”
Love?
“Well, what is it you’re thinking?”
“No, sir. It is kind of you to offer, but, um, there’s something else I would like.”
“Sherlock Holmes!” At once, Bertie was grinning again. “Of course! I read about one or two of his cases. Gripping stuff! I’ve always loved a good mystery. I didn’t know there was someone blogging about him. I’ll have to read it all!” Bertie snapped a photo of the screen with his mobile. “If that’s all right with you?”
“It seems not,” Jeeves said, with a note of uncertainty.
“I’d forgotten about that.” For once, John was the one who was blushing. “This is going to sound ridiculous—I completely came up with that story. I didn’t know how to say that I wanted you, Sherlock. It didn’t have anything to do with children.”
“I’ve never had apple cider before,” Sherlock remarked, his eyes sparkling with curiosity. “Can I drink some? If I’m allowed to have some of your cider, sir.”
“I know… But I get to see you so rarely… I’m afraid you’ll leave at any moment, that you’ll have something more important to do.”
SHERLOCK
William froze, and then nodded in understanding.
Caught off guard by this remark, Sherlock stepped away from the flower. “I’m sorry, sir?”
“Glad that the journey is almost over?”
Sherlock whimpered.
Quickly, William turned back to him, his posture still straight and haughty, though his eyes were bright with overwhelming sympathy. “No, I didn’t mean that.” He gave the toy horse a small smile. “You can play with him all you want.”
“Please, Sherlock. Tell me.”
He wondered what King John was feeling—his dear master, who could not have been fully satisfied by someone as unskilled and mundane as Sherlock. He also wondered if he had experienced all that there was to experience, or if there were other ways the king could take his satisfaction from his servant.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. It didn’t matter what the question was. “Use them however you wish, please.”
Intense affection for his beloved compelled Sherlock to pull John close again and kiss him soundly. “Maybe I am an angel,” Sherlock murmured, combing through John’s hair, “or in their service, anyway; sent by God, for only you.”
No, no. I am Holmes’s flatmate.
With the confidence of an experienced man, the king held Sherlock’s slicked hands firmly in place as he slipped himself into his servant’s grasp.
WATSON
After quickly greeting the servants and advisors who greeted him upon his return, John brought Sherlock into the castle, showing him where they would be living for the foreseeable future. John had a luxurious bedroom that had been maintained well during his absence.
As it turned out, their next destination was a temple. When they stood under the cover of the temple’s entrance, the king, ever knowledgeable about the world, explained to Sherlock that the temple had once been devoted to a single deity. In recent times, it had become a place of worship for people of many different faiths. The temple was maintained as a refuge for all peaceful people by a group of monks.
“No matter what, you have my support, sir.”
The servant’s bravery touched John. He knew that Sherlock was wary of horses. “Are you sure?”
Only… take care that you do not tell
“Should I leave it, sir? I merely thought it was interesting…”
A single large industrious building had captured Sherlock’s attention. There were many people, mostly women, entering and leaving the warehouse, some of them carrying boxes of supplies or bags of grains.
There were muffled sounds of activity from outside the caravan. The group was supposed to leave soon, and the rest of the convoy was starting to pack up. John did not have very much time to satisfy his servant. Indeed, they were still both dressed for sleep, Sherlock in his gown and bonnet, and John in his loose shirt and trousers.
“No, I’d very much like to do that. I’ve, um,” John murmured, “done it to myself, in the past, sir.”
“Hmm.” My eyes rose to the ceiling as I thought about his problem. “You could try calling Jeeves by his first name, even when he’s working. It will probably feel odd at first if you’ve never done that before, but things are different now. It might help him feel more equal to you.”
Might I have permission to look at your face?
Oh, but there was plenty that was blissful about going slowly for Sherlock. The servant was approaching this task with his characteristic eager curiosity. He was dazzling as he teased John with swipes of his tongue that grew bolder with each loud, rough grunt that John made. These sounds mixed with the lighter, softer hums that came from Sherlock.
It had started routinely enough, with John helping William change his clothes and trying not to be too obvious about admiring his master’s graceful beauty as he did so. John often asked himself whether he was full of regret or relief that William required no help with his undergarments.
Montgomery would not pass such a cordial sentiment along. There had to be some mistake. “He was joking, surely.”
“So you really are interested,” the king murmured, as if he could hardly believe it. “Look at how excited you are. You’re a marvel, Sherlock.”
“It feels nice,” John murmured, unthinkingly. His fingers flexed experimentally, and tightened, feeling his master’s need.
There is no end to surprises in my life, sharing it as I do with a self-proclaimed consulting detective. No end to startling crimes, incredible deductions, and peculiar methods.
With effort, the uncouth imaginings were put away, but John knew he could only keep them contained for so long.
Was Sherlock allowed to be with John in such an intimate way? Could he give John all his love, and receive whatever John gave to him? Could he be with John as an equal?
John stood up from his place, parted the curtain around King William’s bed, and climbed on top of it, to sit on his knees.
King John leaned away from Sherlock, causing the servant to worry that his master had tired of this absurdity at last, but the king was gone only for a moment. He swiftly returned with a jar that Sherlock had not seen before.
WATSON
He wasn’t sure if Sherlock loved him in return, or if Sherlock, with his lack of experience in this world, knew what it meant to be in love. In any case, Sherlock wanted to stay with the king, by his side, and that was enough for John.
The intensity of being taken this way by Sherlock was enough to make John shout out. Sherlock was awfully, wonderfully hot and acquiescent. It was better than John could have imagined. Though he tried to pace himself, he could not help thrusting just a little.
This was about more than the cross, then. It was possible that John told Lestrade about William’s plans, though there were a number of other issues that might be bothering the priest. “Is it a serious matter?” William asked.
Sherlock’s eyes shined in the firelight, and shadows played elegantly over his beautiful face, though disbelief lingered in his features. “I hope you won’t be disappointed in me, sir.”
“I thought it would be a nice touch.” Suddenly, William’s words sank in. It was no surprise that he had spotted John’s attempt to take care of his possession, but John had given no indication of the gender of the horse. “How did you know it’s a he?”
Jeeves walked closer to him, ahead of me, and I’m not kidding when I say that he actually announced, like a butler in a period drama:
LESTRADE
I piped in, ready with sympathy. “I know what you mean, truly. I’ve got half a mind to toddle up there and take a swing at the keys myself.”
Sherlock could feel each powerful tremor from his royal master, and again, Sherlock heard that seemingly faraway cry for His Majesty. Bliss and gratitude filled the servant as he finished. It was a blessing that the king had been so frustrated that he had settled for this ordinary servant.
SHERLOCK
“Don’t be sorry,” John murmured. “Want me to help you with that?”
Excuse me, sir, but… are you an acquaintance of Mr. Holmes?
“Meeting you was a brilliant stroke of luck,” Bertie was saying as he typed on his laptop. “You have no idea how lost I was when it came to starting to this blog, and now you’ve got me hammering away at the keys.”
“Oh, if you would like that?” Sherlock said, happily. “Of course, sir.” He hopped off the bed energetically, and found the violin case that had been left at the side of the room.
William kissed his John again. Loving John so intimately made him burn everywhere, consumed with a desperate need to be with John forever.
Gasping and writhing, Sherlock threw his head back, screaming in magnificent ecstasy.
For a moment, John admired his pretty servant, who looked beautiful so relaxed and debauched on the king’s bed. Then he slipped out of Sherlock, appreciating the lethargic but ambivalent whine Sherlock made that sounded almost like a complaint, and set to work releasing Sherlock's wrists from their bonds. Once Sherlock's arms were freed, the servant's graceful body stretched on the sheets, and when he closed his eyes, he looked so much at peace that he could have been sleeping, if not for his small, happy smile.
John grinned. “You’ll be getting a pretty nice gift soon, too.”
“Yes,” John moaned, “please.”
! I thought we were breaking a lot of rules, but that breaks them all. Are you sure?”
The king rubbed Sherlock’s back. It was fortunate that his master was so strong and self-reliant that he could manage with such an insufficient servant.
“You tried to help me,” John remembered.
King John was standing before him. He no longer had plate armour. Instead, he was dressed in clothing like that of a knight resting from battle, and was flushed from his exertion in the tournament. His followers were gone. He was looking directly at Sherlock, with a concerned expression.
John didn’t know how William knew he was holding something, but his master had always been a perceptive man. He weakly surrendered the toy horse.
Sitting again on the sofa, which felt inexplicably large and empty now, Sherlock wondered what their next destination of note would be, and if he would be able to spend more time with his compelling and fascinating master there. He saw King John take out a map, but Sherlock did not ask about it, as he did not wish to remind his master that he could not read.
William considered that. “Does he?”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide, his gaze locked with the curious one of the creature in his arms. He was really holding a baby. A nobleman holding a drooling, smelly baby! How incredible! Would he have this privilege with a child of his own, together with his caring John?
SHERLOCK
“The stork, as I said,” Sherlock answered. He wasn’t sure if he should be more specific than that. He had appropriated Lestrade for the task, but Lestrade had somehow, apparently, become Mycroft’s servant.
Bertie softly added, “John, old fruit, I like the attitude, and that’s a fact, but it’s nothing doing. Jeeves won’t be comfortable being something other than PA around here, and that’s all there is to it.”
“You would never take from me,” William said. “You would never take from anyone,” his hand becoming a fist, steadily moving faster for John, “but there is so much I can give you.”
John wished he could do more to reward Sherlock for bringing him so much joy. If only he could satisfy every longing his servant ever had, so that no one else could ever please Sherlock better.
I would be honoured to be your partner, Holmes.
Once you’ve learned to read surprise and interest in the circumspect features of a contained PA, other dials are easy to read. What I mean is, having taken many opportunities to study Jeeves, I’ve learned to pick up right speedily the slight expressions—the little quirks of the lips and slants of the eyebrows, you know—on less discreet faces. Sherlock had such a face just then, with a pained look that made me want to remind him there was a doctor at table if anything was wrong.
At one such campsite, early in the voyage, Sherlock caught himself staring at how the light flickered across King John’s face. The king was again in one of his grim moods. He seemed to be watching the dance of the flames, with a distracted sort of air.
“Yeah, I suppose I could,” John responded, mostly to placate Sherlock. Average people such as John did not exactly have their choice of comfortable jobs.
he used.
John’s hands moved further down the back of the servant’s tunic, to tenderly cup Sherlock’s bottom. Sherlock nearly jumped.
Sherlock held the bottle under his own nose, and took a deep whiff. “Interesting.”
Now, I will sit on your lap, if you would be so kind as to allow me the liberty.
Hmm. Well, it sounds like you think well enough of him. I only hope he is worth my wait.
WATSON
It had been moving earlier, when Father Lestrade had justified his troubled companion’s indulgence in sewing. Following the inspiration of the priest, John said, “But, um, if it’s not too much of an imposition, I think you could help Father Lestrade. He needs a small cross for hanging about his neck.”
“Oh my God…”
He suspected that his brother and John had bonded over the experience, which was a very humorous and somehow poignant thought. They probably had little choice since it took nearly two hours before John emerged in a flowing wedding dress and shimmering veil.
“Of course, sir! A servant needs to have correct attire, doesn’t he?”
Hmm. Show me.
Holmes.
Submissively, John sat on his knees, keeping his hands behind his back, possibly to keep from touching himself. “Whatever you like, sir.”
“You know, it was easy to see you in the crowd, though it was quite a job, finding you here. I wanted to see you again as soon as I could get away from the other nobles, but it seemed like you left as soon as I was done. I had to ask around to find you.”
“You’re really young, aren’t you? Especially for a king!”
An unspeakable thing, perhaps.
John was delighted by this, and kissed Sherlock again, who wrapped his arms around the king.
WATSON
MYCROFT
It was a simple task for the king to manoeuvre his willing servant onto his elbows and knees. Sherlock was given a pillow to hold under himself. “This may feel strange, Sherlock, but it will soon feel good.” There was a hand that moved along Sherlock’s rear. The intimate feeling was shocking and wonderful, though it was quickly overshadowed by the sensation of a slicked finger trailing down his backside, to a place he had not thought anyone but himself would ever touch.
WATSON
With an obvious sense of wonderment, Sherlock leaned in closer, and actually took a whiff of John’s ache. Sherlock let the brown hair in that sensitive area rub against his cheek, and hummed in a charming, inquisitive manner. “You smell nice, sir,” Sherlock said.
“Little I did not perceive. You will be glad to know that they appreciate all that you have done, for them and for your country.” There seemed to be a personal appreciation in Sherlock’s bright eyes.
Bertie soon lumbered back, as Jeeves drifted in noiselessly behind him. I imagine Jeeves was curious about why he’d been called up, but his face was as impassive as ever.
WATSON
Lestrade.
The king turned back to him. “Oh, that’s a nice look on you, too,” he said softly.
“I want to be yours, sir, only yours…”
LESTRADE
Sherlock held onto the king’s warm hand. “I never imagined I would have such a kind master, sir.”
William was deeply relieved to see John’s smile. “Carrying on with that facade would prove too troublesome for a long period of time, so as soon as we have acquired our baby, I will announce the unfortunate event of the queen’s death from childbirth. If, in my grief, I should need the comfort of my attendant once again at my bedside, none in this castle shall question it.”
“No,” Sherlock answered softly, still embarrassed, but grateful that this man had not judged him harshly for his blunder.
“Well, I know you can take care of weapons, so that’s good. Do you know how mend clothes?”
“In any case, I know the forest well. The convoy will be stopped here for a while, so we should be able to take a short walk.”
“I’ll start doing so if it means I can help a friend, and I’ll have someone to talk to about the paragon that is Jeeves,” Bertie answered happily. “Speaking of whom, I must be off, as I don’t want to keep him waiting. I’ll see you around, then!”
There were few people to say goodbye to. Sherlock was not close with anyone in his town, and he was only somewhat acquainted with the people who lived near him. Mainly, he informed his landlord that he would not be living there anymore.
Despite his astonishment, John chuckled, a joyous, welcome sound. “You think somebody is going to leave a baby in a basket at Father Lestrade’s feet?”
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
Feeling his way further down, John’s eyes widened, and then darkened with lust. He had not noticed that William had become so aroused.
I refused payment. I realised long ago that I did not want to be your nurse. I want to be your partner. Ahem, I mean, your assistant.
LESTRADE
I am intending to employ a ruse in future investigations. Few have suspicions toward an older lady, though more clever criminals may be uneasy with one that is blind, if they know that a detective that is blind is on their scent. Which is where you come in.
John screamed his pleasure, emptying himself into Sherlock’s hand, and that undid Sherlock entirely.
WATSON
The averting gaze wandered back, and the corner of his mouth lifted noticeably, possibly by an entire quarter of an inch.
“Another body! Rebirth, John! Reincarnation, yes, don’t some cultures speak of such a thing? It can be done. I know how we could do it. I could have spells written on papyrus that would guide both of us to find each other in another life, and again after that, and so on. I would be buried with that text, so it will always lead us to each other. Yes, my
“Um, thank you,” John mumbled, not knowing what to say but needing to say something to the man he had thought he knew. Kneeling by the bath, he reached forward and began to sponge the king’s back. He couldn’t believe he was touching Sherlock, his incredible Sherlock… “You are really King William?”
WATSON
SHERLOCK
“Oh, Sherlock,” John groaned, “you’re so gorgeous.”
“Of course. I rather hope your first one is a girl. Girls make for clean and kind children.”
When they were done in the orchard, they would return to the inn in the village, where they were sharing a bed. Lying next to his sweet Sherlock and watching over him would bring almost as much heartache to John as when they at last returned to the caravan, and shared the enclosed space that only belonged to the two of them.
Ah, but to make you unrecognisable, I must first know what you look like.
John groaned as he emptied himself, continuing his thrusts all the while. “Sherlock…”
Lestrade?
You’re a bohemian chap, aren't you, Holmes. Doctor Watson described you as something of the kind, and he was right. Of course you don’t give one whit about decency.
Not wanting Sherlock to feel bad about it, John didn’t say that he was buying the cider for the sake of his servant, but he also didn’t bother hiding how inordinately pleased he was when Sherlock wanted some of the drink John had acquired.
Later in the day, Sherlock relocated to the alehouse, where the king had wanted to meet him. As he entered, he noticed that the king was there, though he was still speaking with some of the nobles who had pulled him away earlier.
I hardly need them.
“Let that be the end of it, once and for all,” the king muttered, letting no emotion show. “We’ll get back on the road now and forget all about this.”
Alessandra reined her temper in at this, mumbling something about not knowing it had turned into an international investigation, and finally stepped aside. John repressed a smile. He’d never realised how useful abandoning someone to their own assumptions could be. Their host guided them to a room, still keeping a wary eye on Sherlock.
“Stalking? I wouldn’t say that. Annoying? Yeah. Some people are actual artists. The craft requires all my dedication, and
He rushed ahead again, only for the doctor to say, “Believe me, you don’t want to run.”
Of course, next in line was to load their prisoner back into the mysterious cabin. Then, both he and John stared at the console, trying to figure out how the fuck this thing was supposed to work. Asking the Colonel would have surely made them drive it to the edge of an active volcano or something like that. It seemed that whatever neural connection was being used for the translation, it worked the controls too. Sherlock could have sworn he was asked his destination, even if possibly not aloud. He wouldn't admit it, but his "back" might have been a little pleading.
Sherlock snorted. “Thank God that sentence was a third conditional type, because I am not equipped to deal with insane people. Not in a medical sense, at least.”
It wasn’t even surprising that John decided he needed time to reflect right then. He seemed to have in common with his brother the habit of being as frustrating as possible. Another pointed look made him speak.
“Okay. You have a point. If we’re breaking the rules, we’re breaking the rules. Besides, I’m here to make sure that you won’t actually damage our investigation. And I have to prove you wrong about the talent of our police force...though it’d be embarrassing if my friends locked up the right person before we can.” She giggled.
“And it didn’t occur to you that our being apart would be the simplest way to avoid brawls?” he hissed.
“Let’s maybe try not to provoke people into suing us, will you? We’re in enough trouble already,” John teased.
“On it!” Luca actually saluted, with just two fingers, and definitely at the wrong angle, but John wasn’t about to scold him. His eager mood would help the investigation.
If that meant sneaking away, so be it. Especially because Sherlock felt sure he wouldn't be able to swallow a bite if he was invited to lunch. The tour had given him an idea anyway. With his room not viable as a long-term shelter and his brother going about his own business, who was stopping him from going to the university, which would hopefully be in a cool building, and make use of the labs? He could amuse himself with a bit of chemistry, and if anyone tried to tell him that he shouldn’t be here, he had a long practice in talking circles around people.
he thought wrily. His second thought was,
The journalist turned to him, crossing his arms. “Am I wrong?”
John wasn’t certainly an expert of Renaissance engineering, and would nod along to any other tile, but this time he couldn’t. “Believe me, this one very much fits the title.”
“I’m Sherlock Holmes.” And the man shrugged, as if that explained everything. Was he drunk already?
“So you’re his lawyer?” There was sarcasm in her voice. Obviously Sherlock, with his beige, short-sleeved shirt, white shorts and sandals, didn’t look the part. Which was completely idiotic. Why would lawyers go around in suits when it was 33°C out?
“Because I thought you’d be needed, but you’ve come too late to be of any use. I accepted the task of solving this on my own because the commissary is an idiot, and people in power famously choose only even more stupid people to surround themselves with.” Sherlock didn’t even look at him.
“Um, back to our rooms?” John answered first, thankfully, because Sherlock wouldn’t be nearly that polite.
If it wasn’t so obvious how much she liked to catch other people out, Sherlock would have kept John company in his cell until someone made her see sense. Instead, she replied, “I’ll give you and your friend a chance to prove your identity, then.”
“I thought you would leave me alone!” he snapped.
He needed air. With his room not providing any, Sherlock decided he might as well go out in search of a properly refrigerated place. That meant getting dressed, though…
“Not you too,” Gemma groaned, dragging a hand over her face. “I trusted you! I really thought it was all an error, and wanted to help. But your habit of just sneaking around isn’t going to help either of your cases, don’t you realise it?”
This time, Mitch smiled affectionately. “Come on, don’t make me ask again. You know, for a journalist, you’re oddly reluctant to put things into words. One last reason at least to persuade me that you should be as far from your Watson as possible.”
John decided to look the place up. He’d just…check the local sights, maybe the local food specialties. Who wasn’t partial to Italian food anyway? Hopefully he’d find an easy recipe and find the will to cook again. No, he wasn’t planning to drop everything and run after his new connection, no matter how brilliant the man was. Of course not.
doesn’t even require an answer. Or do I need to deduce you again?” Sherlock replied. “Next one, if you please. Or you can follow the case on your own and go back inside, if you prefer. If you have a spare pair of handcuffs, though, it’d be appreciated. Just in case we discover and have to arrest the true murderer before you even finish your interview.”
“Don’t push too far, Wilbur.” Again, his only reply was a hearty giggle, before John said goodbye.
Oh come on, why did everyone beat around the bush? “She’s dead. Murdered,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Fine. You’re coming. I can’t in all good conscience leave you here knowing that if you do accept that coffee, it might eventually devolve into a brawl. Jesus, only you could manage to find this man. Though mum would undoubtedly say you should have expected that. Fate finds a way, and all that.”
Some tourists looked surprised as the duo—the twenty-something arrogant seeming man and the slightly older one with a chagrined appearance—locked the door they came from behind them. A mother of three (no, one was her nephew, really he should be more focused) loudly protested about not being allowed to see as much as anyone else.
Striding inside, he looked around, hoping against hope that his friend would be in sight. Instead, a policeman behind a counter mumbled, “Desidera?”
“I agreed to eat last time, and you have both done nothing but complain about me during this investigation,” Sherlock answered, crossing the street…as if that really would persuade them to be on their way and let him starve.
“How do you know Mycroft?” Sherlock stared at him in a way that most people, in his experience, found intimidating.
Gemma sent a grateful look his way, before translating the question…once again, with a lengthy, unnecessary reassuring preface.
“Not on bas-relief, on war…Now, if the actual army captain will be so kind to explain,” the journalist said, grinning at him.
“Yeah.” He didn’t have a choice anyway, did he? It was useless to resist a cop, even when they admitted to having nefarious plans. He half expected to be brought to the prison, so when he saw the hospital in front of them, he frowned. “Are we still going to the morgue?”
“You keep putting yourself down. Could you stop for five minutes, maybe? At least while you drink your coffee?”
The...actually, author at the moment, slams his laptop closed when a cup of tea appears by his side. John must even have asked. How has he not noticed? This was too close a call.
“Don’t even joke about it!”
It had been a long time since he'd played tag; now was his chance. The guard was unarmed, after all—no one would risk a bullet damaging priceless art, or even centuries old walls. Sherlock was surprised to see his pursuer sit down after chasing him through two rooms, but then he was almost intercepted by a different guard. Even though all of them made a token attempt to catch him, they didn't seem overly concerned. He didn't get close enough to any of the art pieces to damage them (or even slow down enough to see them) and their priorities were driven deep.
“We’re sure. Now, we must be off. And I hope you’re analysing everything in the bathroom, too. The murderer will have needed to clean up, or he’d stand out. Even the worst cop wouldn’t miss someone walking around dripping as much blood as a slaughterhouse labourer still in his work clothes,” Sherlock remarked.
"What have they done for the laptop to deserve this?" John asks, with an amused smile. Oh no. The last thing he needs is for his flatmate to become curious. Sure, he might not be on Mycroft's level, but John is surprisingly insightful sometimes. And as stubborn as any Holmes had ever been. If he gets on the scent of this...moving out will be a start.
Give him a chance.
It was deeply moving to John to hear the sounds that Sherlock made. With all the protectiveness he felt for his king, John held him in hand, and kissed his tip.
He eagerly showed John the third item, a tall, thin bottle. Sherlock poured out a sample of the dark liquid inside, then spread it over a spot on John’s leg. It was a cool, soothing oil. “These gifts may be used however you wish, beloved.”
“I can’t give you children.” Sherlock huffed, in resignation. “Isn’t it true, that you need an heir?”
His cheeks glowing bright, Sherlock carefully closed his mouth around John’s swollen ache.
But you’ve yet to tell me what service you will actually perform for this client.
Happy to be allowed to accompany King William outside the castle, John followed. William led him down the castle stairs and, and together they walked about the courtyard. Some people went out of their way to show deference to their ruler, but William ignored the nobles and merchants for the most part.
“Well, this is silly for me to even admit this, especially now that we do have time together, but I’m not sure I’ll be any good for a god on his wedding night.”
Then it is true that you no longer wish to communicate with him?
“Oh.” That did sound very interesting to Sherlock, who was often curious about how things worked.
John’s eyes blinked open. “Hmm?” He looked up at Sherlock and smiled. “M’lord? What can I do for you?” His dear John was much too kind.
I see. I would be honoured to assist you, Holmes, but I would need to be in disguise as well, I think.
“I don’t know of any libraries that are half as big as this one. It’s a point of pride for this town,” the king explained. “There are legends of how the library started, but all I know for sure is that it’s very important to the people living here.”
“I remembered all the details that told me where he lived, and I found him years later,” William said softly, “praying in a church.”
“Of course, sir. I am accustomed to repairing my own clothes and shoes.”
Well, can I?
Sherlock was not certain how to act around his master. King John remained as cordial as ever, though his manner was more strained than before. He had spoken little since they had returned to the road. Silently, his shoulders high but his manner subdued, he sat at the driver’s bench, directing the caravan’s horse.
William gave John a terribly sweet kiss on his forehead, and then moved back to his side of the bed, turning away, leaving the servant feeling bereft.
LESTRADE
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed, “yes! I want that.”
John kissed him again. “It’s all right. Don’t worry about it.”
The eyes of his adorable servant glittered brilliantly. Fervently, Sherlock nodded. “If that’s all right, sir.”
“No, it’s not splendid. It’s made my life miserable. I have feelings for my flatmate,” I admitted, more quietly this time, “and I’m sure he doesn’t feel the same way. It sounds pathetic, but I was too distracted by my feelings for him to write in our flat, so I had to come to this café where I wouldn’t think about him.”
, which would be inscribed with spells that would guide their soul through the underworld, to paradise. This was especially true for a pharaoh, who was typically buried with an elaborate, detailed scroll for that purpose.
WATSON
SHERLOCK
They stood there, embracing each other, for a few more minutes, and then John guided Sherlock through the forest, back to their convoy.
King John hadn’t seemed very pleased about any of the overtures extended to his servant, either. The king had kept his seat for a while, until the second person offered to procure a drink for Sherlock. Then, he was up from his seat, telling Sherlock to follow him at once.
Meet him. He will not disappoint you. Dear brother, we are talking about Lestrade! He is a straightforward man. Unimaginative, as most are, but well intentioned. How could someone be nervous about speaking to that simple inspector?
“I will return in the morning to see to any needs you may have,” Sherlock stated dutifully, wishing to any powers that would hear him that he truly could see to King John’s needs. If nothing else, he could look forward to serving his master as an obedient maid, who would clean this room as well as it had ever been cleaned. “Sleep well, sir,” he said sincerely, doing his best to keep most of the immoral fondness he felt for the king out of his words of parting.
MYCROFT
I am very sorry, madam. Believe me when I say that it is most unlike Holmes to forget an engagement.
That was true in all regards, John supposed, since gambling drew them into debt, and a fortuitous marriage would provide additional income. Though he had been seeing Sherlock here for months, John had never brought himself to admit his problems. “How did you know that?”
Sherlock tried to carry on, despite the disbelief in his master’s voice. “I’m sure I don’t compare to any other charming person who would be suitable for you, but I am here to serve you, sir.” He tried frantically to think of a way to convince King John to allow this. “I’m only your servant. It wouldn’t have to mean anything.”
The king’s arrows flew unerringly to their painted wooden targets, and the sound of each arrow piercing its goal was impossibly loud. The crowd must have been cheering, and yet, the only sound that Sherlock could focus on was that of the arrow’s impact, and the only sight he cared to observe was that of the valiant king, who calmly notched another arrow on his bow.
Though he wanted to give his appreciation for the king’s generous praise, Sherlock was too stunned by the outpouring of the king’s emotions to interrupt.
Believing that he could help William somehow, if he only knew what the problem was, John bravely turned back to the drawer and searched it again, uncovering a shaved block of wood.
“Why do you ask?”
“Sherlock,” John groaned. “You’re doing so well…”
I’m sorry, did you just say…?
SHERLOCK
Sherlock gazed at him, seemingly knowing what John was thinking before the words were spoken aloud. “Inquire for better work,” he said at last, “that is all I am proposing.”
A hand settled on his shoulder.
“I… I’m sorry, I just still can’t believe it. I’m sorry.” Bashfully, John hugged the pillow to his chest. “That was stupid of me. Didn’t mean to… kill the mood.”
You’re uncomfortable. Why is that?
The next thing Sherlock knew was that the small bottle of herbs was being held under his nose. The lively scent was mixed irrevocably with the meaning the mixture had, since both Sherlock and John knew what the herbs were for. Sherlock hardly needed an aphrodisiac, but the fact that John wished for him to smell one sent pleasant shivers down his spine.
John asked around the residential area of the castle, thinking that perhaps the priest had retired to a room or was giving someone advice. A few people mentioned seeing Lestrade walk down a certain hallway, so John moved in that direction. It was new territory for John, located fairly far away as it was from rooms King William frequented.
SHERLOCK
John could feel his heartbeat in his own member. It was an intimate feeling, to feel himself throbbing within Sherlock. He loved to think of how this felt for Sherlock, who was moaning with pleasure. The king’s dear servant squirmed in his bonds, adjusting to the sensation of being impaled by John’s hot length, which was rigid and unyielding inside him.
King John sat next to him. He didn’t say anything for a long while. He merely took Sherlock’s hand in his own, and held it with great care.
“Maybe he changed his mind about that,” Lestrade said, mostly to himself in a soft voice, and then continued, directly to William, “and in any case, he didn’t tell me this in confession. Well, maybe I shouldn’t be telling you all this anyway, but it seemed right to tell you now…”
Very well, Holmes. But what now?
“I never admitted this—oh, we’ll have a formidable list of revelations by the time we’re done here,” Mycroft noted. “I liked administrating the country, running the land from within my office. But I despised the publicity of the role. Speeches and ceremonies and meetings with the public… I could never get anything done.”
SHERLOCK
WATSON
“Of course.” With a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek, John comforted his servant. “What did you want to ask me about?” There was a sharp tremor in his beloved maid. “Hey, it’s okay, Sherlock. Whatever it is, you can say it.”
While the water level was rising, John leaned heavily on the bath’s side. How could it be that he had spent months speaking to King William and never knew it? Why did Sherlock deceive him? With some sadness, he wondered why things had now changed.
“Yes.” In the days before John knew of Sherlock’s kinghood. But John had known that Sherlock was a nobleman, a station well above an apothecary’s son. “Why were you willing to call me Sherlock then, and not now?”
John nodded, and proceeded with sponging the arm, though he was still very careful around the old war wound. As he cleaned the area, though, he noticed the hue of William’s distracted face become a little more flushed. John asked, “You’re sure I’m not hurting you?”
The king led Sherlock to a fenced-in area on grass, on the land behind the temple. He learned that the monks collected honey and beeswax from the bees, selling the honey and using the wax to make candles, which the studious and spiritual monks used all around the temple.
Lestrade clasped his shoulder, with sympathetic concern. “You weren’t gone long. Everything all right, King William?”
“No,” Jeeves said.
William had no words for how delightful John’s agreement was, considering how many things he had just agreed to. However, there was one more request to add. “While you are speaking with the good priest, would you mind giving him this?” William retrieved the small carved cross from his pocket and held it before John.
I can’t believe it. I can’t believe you’re…
“Sir?” Though there was so much he wanted to ask, John did not know if he was permitted to do so. He thought he had lost Sherlock, but now that his friend was here, he seemed less reachable than ever. “I…”
company?”
Once more, John shook his head, though he could not do so as strongly a second time. “It’s not decent, to ask my servant to do that for me…”
Encouraged, Sherlock did so, captivated by the pleasure on John’s half-hidden face. “Don’t be ashamed, John.”
John was certain that he entertained fantasies like this far too often—they’d not diminished over time, as he had once hoped they would, and certainly not after one or two evenings spent with Sherlock—but that guilt wasn’t ever enough to impede his imagination.
Now if only I could see the rest of you.
“Y-Yes, sir.” John swallowed. Though he had known he would be working for a powerful aristocrat, John had not expected his master’s voice to be so deep and commanding. “John Wa—John,” he said, knowing that His Highness would have no interest in a commoner’s last name. “My name is John.”
The servant shook with a ripple of yearning that seemed to move through his entire body. When the king’s fingers entered him, Sherlock helplessly rocked against the bed.
Sherlock opened the case and took hold of the violin. Standing before the king, he played a simple but charming piece.
“He’s still with Montgomery, I suppose.”
“No, I’ll be fine.” King John stood up. His eyes drifted to the stars that were beginning to emerge in the sky. “The stars are pretty, aren’t they?”
“Right-o.” I plopped onto the seat indicated. “You can call me Bertie, if you like.”
“It is a social group, merely, one for persons employed in domestic duties or as personal attendants, particularly those in such stations who have an interest in maintaining the old standards of their positions.”
Watson! Will you not share your burden with me?
“It may be a kind of club for servants,” Sherlock replied, “but more importantly, it supplies you with critical information. All the people working quietly in the employment of people of power, and listening at their keyholes or sorting through their inboxes, are at your disposal. I have something similar—my Homeless Network—but your network has something mine doesn’t, something more precious than gold, and dangerous beyond imagining.”
Sherlock leaned anywhere John touched him. “Yes, sir.”
SHERLOCK
His eyebrows up in uncertainty, John nonetheless pulled the curtain aside so he could sit. “You wish to bed me now, m’lord? Should I get your gifts?”
John pulled back and thrust again, picking up a pace that would satisfy his servant.
Do you, now?
WATSON
At that moment, John heard a door closing on a caravan nearby; Sherlock must have heard the same noise, as he made the lightest of annoyed groans, and started to lift himself from the bed.
Pardon?
“You’ll catch me if I fall, won’t you, sir?” The voice calling out from above belonged to Sherlock, who had been struck with the urge to climb a tree in the orchard. Sherlock was often like that; he was excitable and curious about many things, always eager to take on new experiences. However, his distance off the ground must have seemed concerning to him, now that he was actually on the tree.
Three.
The question clearly took Father Lestrade by surprise. “I suppose he is,” he said with a smile.
As you well should! I expected better of you than to shirk my appointment, Mr. Holmes. I had thought you were a gentleman.
I am certain I do not know what you are referring to.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispered, with encouragement, and gratitude.
“Terrific, sir, but how did you know that Father Lestrade asked me to help her?”
I smiled, honestly happy that I could be of some help. Really, I hadn’t said much: write what comes to mind first, without judging yourself, and once you’ve done that, come back to it later and look at it again. That often worked for me, anyway. I’m not sure how helpful such plain advice could be to someone starting out, though. Maybe all he needed to hear was that I wanted to know more about his stories.
“Smells lemony,” John noted, “a bit woody, too… rosemary? And something else… thyme, I think.”
“Who are you?” the man said, managing to give the impression of looking down on him, despite being a good four inches shorter. He wouldn’t be surprised if the guards thought the director was scary enough on his own not to need backup.
“Both.” Sherlock shrugged. Technically, he wasn’t used to having associates at all—his family didn’t count, as they were forced to be at his side—but why spell it out?
“Wait—what search? Nobody searched,” Gemma exclaimed, earning an eye-roll.
Gemma patted his shoulder, saying, “Don’t worry. That’s why we have consultants this time. You don’t need to fret, okay? You mess up when you’re stressed, and we don’t need any of that now.”
They could see the town right under them, with its brown roofs and walls, the back of the cathedral’s dome, and the palace John had glimpsed at his arrival, even if sideways, one of the slender towers barely visible. But the place hadn’t been picked for the borough's view. Whoever had created this had a keen eye for strategy.
Yup, that was what he was anticipating...Sherlock’s brain. Not the fact that he looked like Guercino’s Saint Sebastian. Well, a Saint Sebastian that wasn’t mostly naked, more’s the pity, and not currently enduring a death sentence, which was nice. Though that wasn’t very obvious in the picture…Nope, it was. A Google search made it apparent that his memory had edited an arrow out of the painting, too busy concentrating on the rope-bound, twisted body. Oops.
Starting at all was a bad idea, really. But he's had worse vices. Anyone Googles himself, right? But not anyone finds RPF fics of himself. He has John's blog to thank for that, mainly; the media wouldn't have come sniffing if they didn't have a fanbase already. How so many people figured out that he's in love with his flatmate is the true mystery. Sure, there are all the Y/N and the occasional Lestrade or...anyone else he's been semi-publicly in contact with, really. But the majority has deduced johnlock long ago.
Before Sherlock could answer, Livia turned around, hissing, “Enough!”
Sherlock had obviously made a horrible mistake while planning his flight. He hadn’t picked Urbino because he loved the town—or even Italy. The only important thing had been bolting, like a terrified deer…and like in the fairy tale, he trapped himself, instead. This would be his lesson not to trust Mycroft. True, they didn’t always see eye to eye. But he thought that on the Doyle Issue—the bane of both their lives—there would only be support between them, despite the fact that they decided to tackle it differently. Why bother planning an international trip when his brother had already done so?
His whispered, “Thank you, brilliantly played,” made John’s blush last even longer. John felt a thrill go down his spine, when they tiptoed down to another French window, entering a bedroom. No wonder everything was wide open, given the climate and lack of air conditioning. He felt almost as if he was once again about to patrol hostile territory. Not that the notebook spread open on the desk, with the sketch of the view from the fortress and an ornamental S in the corner, or the rest of the knickknacks in the room, presented any danger. Sherlock snapped on a pair of latex gloves, and looked expectantly at him. John hunched and put his hands in his pockets, offering an apologetic smile. He might not have come prepared to search without leaving traces, but in his defence, he had thought the police would take care of that part of the investigation.
He grinned, waving at his new friends. The monumental entrance in the town’s thick walls looked like a more auspicious beginning for his travels than sneaking in the tiny arch at the base of a fortified tower jutting out from them, anyway.
The elder one laughed. Which might be a proper reaction when the universe is playing a giant joke at your family’s expense, but still made Sherlock’s cheeks flush. How dared he! He wished his brother had been pressured into membership of a Diogenes' club. How nonchalant would he have been after?
Gemma smiled at him. “Well, that’s comforting...if you managed it.”
“So, what can you tell us?” Gemma asked.
Honestly, Sherlock was lucky he was so great looking—and also surprisingly sweet, if you squinted and looked askance. Otherwise, John would have never followed him all the way here. Case in point, the man was still trying to solve a murder, and help him in the process, even if with the gentleness of a steamroller. Without them, the police would have picked any other random bloke to pin Livia’s untimely death on, and a terrible judiciary error would have been committed.
“They’ve accused you once already. I’m not about to let anyone stop me solving this, since apparently the people who are supposed to seem incapable of it. I’m not going to have
“Ok, I see your point. But you have to admit that it fits you, genius.”
Before he disappeared completely, he shot off a text to his brother.
“We just need to ask you some questions about a classmate of yours.” Bless Gemma for taking up the reins of the conversation again.
“I need to apologise, Mr. Holmes. Frankly, I underestimated you. As interesting—unique really —as collaborating with you has been, I thought you would need much more guidance,” Gemma said, when they were back in the street.
“Didn’t I tell you? Nantes requested its loan. I couldn’t refuse, as the director is a college friend of mine,” the professor said, waving away her words.
Sherlock sighed deeply. If that was necessary, why hadn’t she asked as soon as they met? He showed his, anyway, and so did John. There was no need to antagonise the woman without purpose.
“But...” Sherlock trailed off.
“The Carabinieri might be the butt of jokes for their stupidity, but I bet that even they wouldn’t assume a name to be fake just because it’s known. Simply because something is improbable, even highly improbable, discounting it immediately as impossible without further analysis is the way investigative errors are committed. There is such a thing as homonyms,
Mum would have done as much…if she’d known that he met a John Watson. But she couldn’t have, so the only option was… S-
“Livia didn’t badmouth me, did she? I told her that I’d pay her back!” Viola huffed. “Police, seriously! It’s not as if she can’t afford it! You know what she told me the first time we met? That she wouldn’t use a bag unless it sported the Borbonese brand! You know, the one that every freaking stylist uses for the catwalk. So she better not be making a fuss over a few hundreds.”
You want to come and see, you’ll let people alone. Or you can go.”
“You already have,” he said, striding out. Mycroft’s trip had been planned for ages. There was simply no way that his brother had waited until the night before to book a room. He was too fond of his comforts. Which meant that Mycroft had originally considered what he’d texted, but then given it away and found this one. All to inconvenience Sherlock? His brother would suffer too…so, why would he subject them both to this? Just to ensure that his little brother didn’t spend weeks holed up in their room? What was out there that his brother so wanted him to face?
“And I’m supposed to keep an eye on both of you,” Gemma replied, crossing her arms, “which you, Mister, are not making easy for me.”
Two rings, and John answered. He could feel the man’s grin even through the phone. “Sherlock! It’s brilliant to hear from you.”
First, he set up an alarm on his phone. He was all too likely to lose track of time, and he’d long learned to set on a reminder. Otherwise, people tended to—depending if he worked at college or at home—chase him away or try to track him down after he missed whatever commitment he had made. In both cases, plenty of yelling was bound to ensue.
lectured him on how to deduce—but then took his cup and started drinking.
“And here we have the frieze of the Art of War, by Francesco di Giorgio Martini,” Rachele said, sweeping her arm around, “Though it doesn’t contain just weapons, much of it is actually a triumph of human intellect and engineering, and some of these machines were probably used in civil life instead of war. See, here there’s a man with a plant in the background.”
John had to restrain himself from ordering the man, “at ease.” He couldn’t erase the smile from his lips, though.
John’s next sentence threw his world for a spin...again. “I mean, I don’t think you fancy visiting the local jail, do you?” A self-deprecating chuckle echoed through the line.
“Do we?” Sherlock growled, for once lingering on the landing. With some luck, he would persuade the others to go back.
“You have investigated that girl’s life, right? Or just stuck with John because he happened to pass by? I don’t know her well enough, so I’ll just have a quick look, to understand which kind of person she was, and who would want her dead.” It was yelled back, Sherlock apparently not wanting to lose one more second of investigation to justify himself. Some noises pointed that he wasn’t being too gentle with the furniture, either.
“I’m not trying to be,” the journalist countered, glowering right back.
When John called the following morning, he was half-tempted not to answer at all. It was for the best to keep some distance. Why hurt and be hurt? The call kept ringing, though, and in the end the journalist answered, determined to tell him to learn to take a hint.
“In case you weren’t listening, her name’s Gemma,” John pointed out. As much as the current events sounded like the most interesting thing that might happen in his life, if only by way of being hands down the oddest, he had a feeling that they would require a lot of feather-smoothing on all sides. Maybe he could add “fowl-wrangling” to his curriculum vitae, should general medicine prove a disappointing change from field surgery. He raised his eyes, finding, instead of divine sympathy, a ribbed vault. This town was full of surprises.
John mentally wished him luck in love. Then again, his beloved was not paranoid about him. Maybe John should wish
The answer came to him when he was one step away from rushing inside the Duke’s palace, which hosted the National Gallery. After all, if his brother had the free time to text, he had the time to hear what Sherlock thought of his plotting. It wouldn’t take long at all. Yet another text alarm sounded. Half convinced that somehow his brother knew where he was and wanted to gloat, he checked, frowning already.
The agent looked conflicted, her eyes turning from John to the corridor her other charge disappeared down.
“Let’s pretend we actually are accomplices – do you think interrogation will work? On a former soldier? Give me a chance to ramble, and who knows what you might discover…”
Sherlock’s eye-roll, while translating the last words for John, was so heavy the doctor worried that he'd twist his superior oblique eye tendon into a knot.
There was no screaming now. Livia’s flatmate lay on top of the sheets, curled up into the tiniest ball she could manage, facing the wall. Despite undoubtedly hearing the steps of multiple people coming in, she didn’t turn around, nor make a sound. John was just happy that she’d bothered with a nightgown. He had a feeling that the effort required to keep behind the new consulting detective while she made herself presentable would be a waste of energy.
“I really don’t, as John was less than forthcoming in his call. I’m sure you have it recorded, even if you weren’t present for it, in case you distrust me. I hope you don't expect me to be a mind reader. Now, do I need to call a lawyer only for Mr. Watson or for myself, too?”
Luckily, the suspect's expressive face cued him in on the gist of the conversation, despite the man's babbling. Or perhaps it just sounded like that to John because he wasn’t able to parse any words. Still, some of them undoubtedly were, “She wasn’t actually annoying,” “Her art was inspired; inspired, truly!” and, “We were the best of friends!” And—John assumed—plenty more.
“And here I thought that ‘the end justifies the means’ was the motto of criminals and villains.” Despite his words, there was a lopsided smile on his lips.
Even when John warned them to be careful, because the bastard was tied to Night (which seemed weirdly poor grammar for him). It certainly seemed to mean something to their new friends, though. It scared them half to death, but they also considered the two of them even more impressive. And it was agreed that the bastard shouldn't be allowed to roam, much less get any closer to the town (Thebes, some carefully worded sentences had revealed). Soon, a trussed up Colonel could do nothing but glare furiously.
Mycroft sighed. Loudly.
Off to the nearest bar they went. Once again, Sherlock caved in—to the delicious scent, if the subtle way he inhaled was any clue—and had something to nibble on, like his companions. He made a point to pick something different from Gemma, though. He ordered a coffee and an energy drink, which John had no qualms with. Unless he tried to swap the drink for their next meal, that was. Sherlock drank half his cup in a gulp.
“He is. Swear to God. So, why not just forbid us to leave our rooms instead of following us, if you have figured out that we don’t deserve jail anyway? Not that I am complaining, mind you. Just wondering,” John replied, still unmoving.
Sherlock can't wait.
And why was Gemma flinching? She could just as well have screamed “Guilty as charged.” She’d just praised him, but wanted him out of commission now? Did no one in the world, beside him, have an inkling of logic?
“Are you seriously going to drink it like
That should have been John's cue to cut it out, but he couldn't resist. The universe—and this man going along with the joke—had set up things too perfectly for him to pass up the chance. He said, "My last name is Watson, you know. John Watson, just back from Afghanistan, exactly like you deduced." And then he added that last quip, which had the other man running off without so much as swearing at him. Fuck. John was swearing at himself, just to pick up the slack. He stared forlornly at the door.
John chuckled. “I should be offended that you think I’d commit such a wreck of a murder. My major would be appalled at me if I did; he taught me better than that.”
“Alex,” Livia said. Just one word, but her tone reminded John of someone dealing with an unruly pet. John couldn’t swear it, but he bet that the following, hissing Italian sentence threatened to leave him here unless he behaved.
Sherlock never had to reply to that, since Gemma had finished her chat. She came over, glaring at them. “Could you avoid giggling all through a murder investigation? I had to spend much longer than I wanted assuring the professor that yes, you were legitimate international consultants and not a couple of lunatics. It didn’t help that I’m not so sure of that myself,” she hissed.
"Oh, hello, John!" his friend had greeted him, smiling. "Sorry about the mishap, this is Mr. Holmes, he's been interviewing me about the results of our latest research into helping the mental health of young epileptic patients for—" He paused, frowning.
...If only John would have let him. He was ensconced in his armchair, a hot tea in hand and a throw around him (lacking shock blankets or, how he'd have preferred, a boyfriend plastered all over him), when John laughed. "I couldn't resist. Googled Thebes and Gorgidas. Well, turns out he decided that the thing to do was to have on the front line all pairs of lovers. So they'd be their heroic selves – can't exactly be a coward with your boyfriend around – and boost morale. And later, someone else took these off the various phalanxes – battalions, maybe? – and turned them into a single unit. And they totally kicked Spartan arses."
Dammit. John shouldn’t like that smartarse attitude, but he had always appreciated someone confident in their own competence. That was kind of sexy. The way Sherlock’s eyes kept changing shade, now cold with indignation, didn’t help.
“Am not,” John insisted. How was the man not red-faced himself while buttering him up so shamelessly?
Sherlock reassured him that there was no need for him to translate, as he was perfectly adequate to the task, before gently prompting him for data.
She shrugged minutely. “Anyone who makes Gemma feel like she’s walking through a dream gets special treatment. If you have a craving for fried food, let me suggest the olive ascolane. Minced meat filled olives, covered in breadcrumbs and fried. She wouldn't forgive me if I let you have anything subpar.”
“Well, what do you expect?” Mitch shrugged.
“Yes, but again – he goes by Mitch. He hates his name. So why would he use it with
“Food? Again? Are you obsessed with it? There are still so many data we need to acquire!” Sherlock huffed, because of course he did.
A.N. If you hate how I formatted texting...honestly I do too, but I don't know what is the proper way,  how to make it distinct from italics for emphasis, and at least this way there should be no doubt about the sender. Someone please tell me what I should do?
"Sparta, huh? Sure, they are good at fighting - have to be good at least at one thing, right? But you found us in seconds. Nobody's going to sneak on you, and that's great. And if you're equally equipped, there's no reason you can't kick their arses. You think you've been sent a hero to what? Win the war? Need a hero to deal with other soldiers? They're just people, aren't they?"
“You won’t want one. Not when you spend more time with me. Hence why I agreed to this meeting. I need answers.”
At the other’s raised eyebrow, he admitted, “Fine, I might have exaggerated...but not by much. I’m surprised you didn’t notice, honestly. Dilated pupils are a result of either darkness or desire, and given that the place is bright, the cause was self-evident.” And with that, he lowered his own eyes to his plate.
It was what the journalist had always wanted, so why did that sentence wound him now? And why would people be glaring at John anyway? He wanted to ask. He wanted to cuss him out for coming to the obvious decision after following him so far. Instead, he just said, “I understand. Of course. That’s for the best.”
As satisfying as it proved to be, harassing Mycroft could only pass so much time, before he got in more trouble than his brother was worth. Which meant that he would have to go out…and possibly meet John again.
He never finished that sentence, because John rushed to explain, “I do, of course. It’s just—fucking gorgeous, you know? Sorry, I have a bit of a mouth on me, but. Well. I didn’t expect that. History, yeah. Art, yes, that’s what you always hear from people prattling about Italy. Though I suppose there’s a reason if art is such a staple, huh?” He nodded towards the clutter of young men and women, laying on the grass, most busy sketching something or another. A few had abandoned their drawings on the grass and were munching on pears that they’d just picked.
“Sorry, could I use the restroom?” Sherlock interjected, before anyone could answer.
John walked up to him—Gemma a shadow just one step behind his back—saying, “You know, it’s almost a pity that a place that has such spots would even allow murders in normal houses. It’d be much more atmospheric here.”
To his dismay, he spent most of the following hour being grilled. He didn’t mind chatting, and it was a relief that her exam wasn’t about literature—the last thing he felt like doing was trying to remember trivia he hadn’t touched since high school to help her. He’d only confuse her and himself. But knowing something about her life here would have been nice. He’d hoped for any info on the place he was supposed to stay at without making an arse of himself.
Oddly, once he abandoned the expected route to slip into the area reserved to offices, in order to track down his frustrating sibling, the chase ended. The guards didn’t seem to be concerned about anything happening beyond their area of competence. Either there were more men beyond these doors, or they didn’t care much for their superiors’ privacy.
“Do we really need to have a replay of yesterday? I’m not sure which weird diet you are trying to follow, but as a health professional, I’d like to avoid having to treat you for ulcers,” John said.
It would have been Sherlock’s opportunity to show off how unpleasant he could be, just as he'd planned. Simply use his naturally rumbling voice, and watch the riot start. He’d never purposefully hidden his talents, and there was no reason to, now that he was asked to display them. But his companion’s attitude overwhelmed his mind so much, that his voice turned to a whisper, too. They could have been talking dirty, for all anyone else knew. Well, Gemma could probably hear them, but she hadn’t raised a fuss. Whether because she didn’t trust his deductions or because this wasn’t the right setting to start a side investigation, he didn’t know and didn’t care. Wouldn’t someone please get him away from here? He would be completely useless if someone didn’t keep him focused on the matter at hand—and then they’d end up in jail, because the locals were insane. Why wasn’t this obvious to John?
John kicked his shin, not hard, but the urge was too difficult to suppress. It had always worked on his boisterous brother, when a teenager John’s ‘wingman’ role meant stopping the idiot from behaving in the most inopportune way for the circumstance and the girl involved. Who knew it was precious training for the future?
“Well, why would you fake
He wasn't even out looking for a relationship, today. If he had been, he wouldn't have gone to the GOSH. (He loved how ridiculous the acronym of the Great Ormond Street Hospital sounded; hopefully its patients got a laugh out of it, too.) He just had a semi-appointment with Misha, an old friend. He was the cheeriest person John knew, despite working with severely ill children. Maybe because of that, actually; God knew that his friend's patients didn't need any further sternness.
Valentino let himself drop into a chair. “Oh, take a seat if you’re going to keep torturing me. If you dry up my inspiration though, I expect you to come bear witness in front of my professor. Gosh, I need a coffee.”
Even if the cashier didn’t understand English—especially an embarrassed English mumble—his pointing to the floor and sudden contrite attitude were obvious. So it was with a smile and a slight shake of her head—half “don’t worry” and half “tourists, really” or possibly even “men”—that she asked, for the third time, “Bus. Per dove?”
Since he'd never been to a crime scene before, one would think it might take Sherlock hours; surely he'd want to be thorough. Instead he just roamed around the room twice, with no apparent order, before leaping further into the house.
John sighed, and waved. “I’m not going to run, I swear. Go get him...or at least make sure he’s rooting through the life of the right flatmate.”
“Thank God the rest of our suspects are men, then,” John quipped.
John had to keep himself from clapping by making a fist, and he did so only because with every word their guest turned redder and redder. As a doctor, he was afraid that Cecchini would have a stroke any moment, and he did swear to do no harm. He might have not exactly followed that rule in the army, but being a pompous arsehole didn’t qualify people for death. In fact, better that he bite his own lips before an ear-splitting grin took over his face.
“I’ll tell you if you all promise not to laugh,” the doctor said.
Fine, he anticipated both. But he was human. Being happy to be around someone who was easy on the eyes wasn’t a sin, was it?
“I’ll prove you wrong, but sure. Shoot.” John’s fingers drummed a short staccato on the table.
A rapid inspection revealed that his brother was in the bedroom, so there Sherlock bolted, slamming the door behind himself. The last thing he needed was for the man to decide to inspect how much havoc Sherlock had wreaked in his home and lecture him. Again.
Careful what you wish for wasn’t a saying that Sherlock had put stock in before. He regretted none of his actions, and besides, wishes? They didn’t shape reality in any way, why would anyone feel guilty about them?
“So they called it spirit back then,” the doctor quipped, suspecting he was interrupting a long-winded explanation. Did none of them have eyes?
“It depends on how much my brother told her about the situation, but does it really sound unlikely? She’d absolutely want to see her own Sherlock Holmes on a case.”
Once inside, a loud stomach rumble came from their group. No, it wasn't John, who had complained about being hungry in the first place, but Sherlock. The smell of food had gone directly to the enteric part of his nervous system to remind the one in his skull that they’d missed lunch, too. The day couldn’t have been worse.
he knew my name. Who in their right mind likes being deduced, Mic? I have a lunatic after me!” Sherlock marched forward, snatching his phone from his brother’s hand.
John honestly thought that being accused was, on the whole, boring. It was a mistake, anyone with half a brain could have seen it. How many murderers went back to the crime scene...bringing chocolates for their victim? He’d decided on that by way of an apology, as Livia had gone beyond what anyone could ask. It wasn’t her fault that her uncle was a stuck-up prick. Matteo had let him know the flat she shared with a friend, only for John to find said friend in hysterics outside the building. She didn’t seem capable of forming any coherent sentence, even if John had been much better versed in Italian.
"There was never any plan, not really. But I did suddenly stop doing something, and you've noticed. More than once, actually. And you were concerned about it, and the bookmarks, John, and I...I thought I was more than a wank fantasy!" Just because someone enjoys something in fiction, it doesn't mean that they want it to break into their room. Sherlock knows that, of course. But still. John.
The pathologist finally smiled at them. “I’m so honoured to cooperate with the Interpol! You won’t have to regret my work.”
"His name is actually Sherlock Holmes, you know," Misha interjected, interrupting his self-loathing.
Mycroft replied immediately.
“I was unaware that our guest was already an expert,” Rachele grumbled, glaring impartially at both of them.
Andrea huffed, but conceded. The next room, at least, wasn’t empty; big white tiles decorated in bas-relief, mostly worn from age, lined the walls.
John had no idea how tactfully their guardian agent had answered that question, though he’d bet it was a sight more so than Sherlock would have. He felt a stab of regret for coming to a different country, yet ignoring its language completely. Not that he’d had time to plan this holiday, much less take a course.
When he dared to peek out, they were indeed at least back to the docks. When? As much as he hated to, he called his brother. Hoping they weren't decades off. But nope, Mycroft was alive and answered – concern barely hidden – and soon his big brother was there himself, in the perennial limousine. "Leave him there, it's been handled. I called in both Torchwood and UNIT, to be safe."
“Next step?” John hurried to ask, before the pair could start bickering. You’d think that a genius would realise that they didn’t need to make any more enemies here.
"If you want, it'll take me only a few minutes to track down their IP address. That'll be a good start to see what they might actually be up to. Sure, it's probably nothing...but they might be victims of an interesting murder." He grins.
“This is why I said you’re psychic. I just had an unexpected offer. What about a private tour of a Renaissance palace and art that people don’t usually get to see? With a special guide, too.”
Plenty of screaming, accusations, and general chaos later, he’d been brought to the station and allowed a last call. After that, they took his mobile phone, locked him in a cell and promptly forgot about him.
“It’s not the same at all. I’ve stopped mum and her obsessions from controlling me, and the name change was part of that. You—well, I’ve never understood why you would do what you did, but you need to stop.” Sherlock opened his mouth, ready to protest, but Mycroft continued before he could so much as breathe, “I’ll support you, Locket, to the best of my abilities. But I expect you to let me do my job without interference.”
It was all nonsense, as far as he was concerned, but he didn't care. He just wanted to leave this madness behind.
“Thank you. That is all I wanted to know. Have a good day.” Sherlock smiled at her, rose and left. John and Gemma looked at each other before following hastily. Better get out, before anyone had time to react to his badly timed wishes.
“What?” The doctor’s eyebrows almost reached his hairline.
“Il fine giustifica i mezzi,” she quoted again, shrugging.
Usually Mycroft suggesting something was enough reason for Sherlock not to do it, but he hadn’t turned himself into a genius, if hated, only to throw it away for a thrill. Modern drug trafficking didn't lend itself to creating your own exactly percentaged blend, either, so he'd found an alternative way to make himself a nuisance. One that wouldn’t end with him accidentally overdosing in a back alley.
Sherlock threw him a faintly alarmed look. “You do remember that we are supposed to be investigating a murder, don’t you?”
, the difference between what I’m aiming for and mere shock value, but that would only take up so much of my time that I’d end up seeing this crime scene of yours anyway. You need a much cleverer trick to fool me, you know. I wish you all a good day, and prompt success,” his brother snarked. John thought he sounded ridiculously pompous, but maybe his brain just found everything ridiculous today. Still better than finding everything maddening, which happened a lot when he was recuperating from being shot.
The other’s only answer was to take a sip, and lick his lips afterwards for good measure.
Matteo, grinning at his side, as if he personally owned all this, frowned. “Don’t you…?”
He realised that he’d slowed down so much that he didn’t just fall in step with the others—they were actually ahead of him. It shouldn’t matter, but then why was he immediately irritated? This holiday was a complete mess. He just needed to solve the case to earn his blessed solitude again.
The Colonel flung the door opened and walked into...the midday sun. It wasn't noon when they'd reached the cabin, and certainly there wasn't the hot weather that welcomed them when they followed. And no rocky outcrop, with green hills and mountains bluish in the distance, had been anywhere close. This trip was getting weirder and weirder. His head swivelled all around, and the formerly rusted cabin had turned into a sligtly wider, circular one, with walls of packed soil and a roof made of some sort of dried grass. He half expected a couple goats to follow after them.
“My brother knows that we don’t see eye to eye on almost any subject, and in fact that ruining his day is my main goal most times, not that he doesn’t deserve it. This was mere curiosity, not critique, though. It makes one wonder how you do interpret art’s message, when you can’t hear what’s plainly stated. Or is it that you’re so used to assuming meanings that you do it with anything?” Sherlock retorted.
Sherlock finally pivoted, ignoring his brother’s disappointed moue. He didn’t care if Mitch expected him to be cleverer than this; he wished he was just an idiot. He groaned loudly. As much as he tried to be reserved and snappish when anyone was around—he had a reputation to hold up—Mitch didn’t count. “It’s not fake, that’s the problem. It was supposed to be just a job, and then…John Watson crashes into my life. And you haven’t heard the worst part. He’s an army doctor.”
“She didn’t. There’s no reason to be defensive, we are just gathering information at the moment,” Gemma soothed.
By the time they arrived at the Academy, he had a dozen hypotheses, none of them any more probable than the others: he really needed more information on the victim. Part of him still insisted that if he hadn't been so focused on John, he might have deduced enough during their visit to have solved it already. Then again, without John he wouldn’t have been part of the group or involved in the murder at all. Mycroft certainly wouldn’t have volunteered their help, lest his participation be requested, too. As mildly amusing as breaking in a lab had been, he had no doubt that eventually boredom would have driven him crazy.
Sherlock obeyed. He seemed almost dazed after his previous sharpness. John punched in his number and memorized it, before handing it back.
As much as he’d wished for guidance in his new environment, one hour was more than enough for John to decide ditching his new friends was his only option. At least for the rest of the day. He even shrugged (off) their suggestion to reach the city centre by way of the elevator inside the shadowed, cool tunnels (Viola hesitated on that word, but he couldn’t very well correct her, could he?). Even when the other option was a steep climb, the sun beating on his head.
"Yeah, I don't know what his parents were thinking either. Being obviously named after a fictional character…the poor bloke must have heard all the jokes you did and more. Off to apologise, go on. I'll still be here when you're done. Otherwise, you know where to find me," the paediatrician said.
Watson and he had spent a few hours together, and already he had to get away. There was only one trait of his eponym that Sherlock had managed to avoid, until now. Addiction. As soon as he’d become a teen, Mycroft sat him down and pointed out that, when the books were written, cocaine was in everything—meds, Pope-endorsed wine, and yeah, the obvious soft drink. Nobody knew how destructive it was. The same way he hadn't insisted on a Stradivarius for his violin lessons, Sherlock better figure out what to swap for it in his imitation of his model, because he’d prove himself much too stupid otherwise.
“Not at all. I didn’t exactly get a tour, more like a boot to my arse, so I’d be delighted to bother him some more.” And bother Mycroft, especially. He could just imagine his brother’s face when he got ‘behind the scenes’—again. “We might have to change your name, though. As a pair, we
The barista–a young man whose green eyes twinkled above the apron—smiled at them, asking what they would like.
“Apologies.” John shrugged.
Gemma got behind the wheel, sighed and said, “As you wish. You haven’t seen her, though. I’d bet that she is innocent. But I suppose she could give you some useful info.”
"Because you're fascinating, why else? And I don't just mean handsome—though that doesn't hurt—you're brilliant, and I'd like to have at least another chance to show you that I'm not a maddening idiot. Not on my best days, at least. In fact, I've been told that I can be entertaining
going to mention any of this to her. Or I swear that I’ll call you Mycroft to your dying day, brother dear,” Sherlock hissed.
The youngsters in their group, instead (John turned 28 this year, but God, he felt ancient) barely dared to breathe, their eyes shifting between the two arguing like the public of a tennis match. All but Livia, whose gaze was helplessly wandering.
“Wait, did you meet the director already? So, I’m useless, am I?”
“Alessandra De Biasi, yes? We’re looking for Miss Cola,” Gemma said, in her best soothing tone.
Someone was wrong—and it couldn’t be him. He was going to prove it was John. What a pity the man would hate him for it. That would've happened anyway, though. He only had to demonstrate that his persona was the one that any sane person would mock and despise. Then, John would leave himself, unwilling to even share a nation with him.
“Sadly, yes,” Mycroft said, sighing wearily.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he replied.
“You don’t pull your punches, do you? Fine. I’ll text my new friend, and let you know when Sherlock Holmes and Wilbur Bell will have their private tour. In the meantime, is there anything you’d like? Can I suggest a stroll? An ice cream? Anything?”
She blinked. That was not the reaction she had expected. “You’ll have to be supervised by an agent at all times. To make sure you don’t flee.”
She flushed in anger, turning to her friend.
They were quiet, hurrying through a maze of cross streets. John was grateful for her presence, because he’d be lost within three minutes. Finally, she was ringing another bell. “Valentino Sabelli?”
“To be honest? Not especially. But I refuse to overthink things in order to be able to avoid you, either. If you want to talk, talk. If you want to see me, I don’t even mind that. And if you know a way not to go mental with boredom, please share.”
a bit confused. You could have said no again. You could have not called me or answered my texts, despite your brother’s meddling, I would have got the hint. I might be an idiot, but I’m not that much of an idiot. Instead, you agree to see me…and then you seem angry that I don’t loathe you. I’ve never seen someone so doggedly trying to be hated.”
His brother had a brain, he might as well use it. Sherlock couldn’t say out loud what happened. That would have made it true…and it couldn’t be. Not unless he’d stumbled into a candid camera show, but a hospital was hardly the place for such a thing, was it?
“How many hundreds, exactly?” John said, smiling. Why was he smiling? They didn’t need her happy, they just needed accurate information.
A few weeks in, and Sherlock is considering a series of experiments on the addictive properties of writing. Without his outlet, there is nowhere to put his fantasies except his brain, and they are starting to take up entirely too much room. He should just delete them after he's indulged in them once, like he used to. But he can't get over a reluctance he's never struggled with before. What would once have been a fleeting idea keeps being added to. over and over, scenarios overflowing from the drawers he hastily slams them in.
The detective even went to his knees and half-crawled under the bed. John mentally kicked himself. Standing around ogling wasn’t helpful, but it was impossible to stop himself from noticing how lovely the other’s arse was with the man in that position. He tried to observe the room himself instead. Just because he couldn’t touch, it didn’t mean that he couldn’t look. He had tried to do that earlier, too, but his eyes kept straying towards his companion again and again. Sherlock was magnetic.
Leaving the room, Mycroft plastered a rueful smile on his face, bowing his head to each security officer they passed and stealing longing glances at the paintings they strode by. Sherlock smirked at the guards, but his attitude didn't garner any reaction. The security details were here for the art, and didn't waste energy caring about anyone who didn't endanger it. His brother offered a nod and an apologetic shrug to the ticket checker too, whose mouth hung open at the transgressor’s uncuffed return.
Sergio shrugged, and moved from the door. “Is there any trouble?”
Feeling better equipped to face the world after his rest, John sped up the rest of the climb despite their paving—tiny, irregular (but thankfully bevelled) black stones— seeming expressly built to trick your foot into falling if you weren’t careful. A handful of minutes later, he found himself in a smallish square, with narrow streets departing from it. He was officially in Urbino. Now what?
Sherlock snorted. Again, it sounded loud in the church, and a middle-aged tourist, busy snapping photos, turned to glare at them. The journalist refused to even pretend to be apologetic. He hadn’t chosen this venue. “If you have the gall to say that…then I suppose you won’t mind me using your own given name from now on. Though people might wonder why you’ve been lying to them all this time.”
She allowed them in. Well, Sherlock anyway. John would have loved to participate, but they were right, the less people who traipsed around in there the better. Even though it wasn’t exactly procedure, they let the door open a sliver, to allow him to watch.
The Colonel wasn't one for flashy displays. When Moriarty wanted someone skinned and his limbs strewn in different neighbourhoods, he had the right people for that. The Colonel was a shadow, and you'd crumble into one yourself if he had to deal with you. No matter what threats Sherlock could make, the almost mythic aura of the criminal kept lips sealed. Maybe he should have acted a more fantastical part himself. Play actual immortal, to go against a purported one. But for all his talent for pretense, that always felt too silly to even attempt.
“Marvellous.” John's voice had an edge of near reverence.
Still, embarrassment made him trail quietly after his partner. Gemma was already chatting up the waitress, talking a mile a minute (obviously a friend, also obvious she hoped for more), so they just went and picked a table in a mostly empty section, to ensure that their guardian wouldn’t complain or ask them to move.
John turned on his heel, too, and wordlessly followed Sherlock through the maze of corridors.
Once again, John followed, but this time Sherlock didn't have any advantage but that of his crane-like legs. He wouldn't be left behind again. "No what? You can definitely refuse my offer, though really it isn't that much of a commitment. But I've said a lot of things after that, and none of them were false. I'd really like to be able to prove them to you."
Despite that, their walk started by going down. Once they arrived to the other square, though, Matteo gestured dramatically at the climb in front of them
Though not happy about that answer, Bertie didn’t seem surprised. I, on the other hand, really hadn’t expected something like that.
LESTRADE
At a full run, unconcerned for any who saw their monarch dashing through the halls, William made his way to a vaguely familiar part of the castle. There were no guards to bother him here, and he slowed down, carefully approaching Montgomery’s doors. There was usually a reasonable sense about what Lestrade said.
Of course not. Why would you think that?
“It was fine, but not nearly as interesting as spending the day with you in the library would have been.”
Sherlock’s employment with the tournament would soon be over, and he would have to find new work, with people who cared not what he could do with his mind or what he felt in his heart, only that he was a poor servant. He would always be one. That was his lot in life.
“That’s it, Sherlock.”
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, my day was a long one, but it was all worth it in the end. Dear Mr. Holmes, is it interesting to work for the government?’
“All right. Good.” I took a deep breath, because this idea was sort of a tricky one. “You can hang out with Sherlock and I sometime. We can all go out together, away from the class-conscious people you both seem to know. I don’t care about this class stuff, and Sherlock cares less than anyone. With all the four of us being friends, well, that’d put you two on even ground, right?”
In this garden with his servant, John didn’t want to think about politics, though. For the time being, they were free to enjoy the flowers and trees around them.
Oh, you have a profession?
SHERLOCK
William moaned, and his master’s voyeuristic pleasure made John buck involuntarily. He combed his fingers through William’s hair, clutching more tightly than he meant to, but only spurred to more loss of control with every kind whisper and encouraging touch.
Your eyes are lovely.
“Oh my God, what did they tell you?”
“We could have our way with each other. Does that sound agreeable to you?”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock was lucky that King John desired him. Surely, that was because of King John’s frustration and loneliness, more than any virtue on Sherlock’s part. He could not wish for anything more, however. Hoping for an emotional attachment from his master was truly too unrealistic. The king might be fond of him, perhaps, but kings did not love servants.
John was speechless. Sherlock! Sherlock?
William was quiet, waiting. He leaned forward, allowing John access to his back.
Fortunately, Sherlock was still smiling. “Thank you, sir. The truth is that I would like to play music. I have thought of it many times, though I never thought I could. Though, once, I was employed by a house in which there was a violin.” The smile became sheepish. “I would… borrow the violin, and play it. I could not buy one, nor could I afford instruction. I simply watched others use it, and then played it when nobody would notice it was missing.”
Of course, if I am mistaken, and you are not interested…
Despite John’s unobtrusiveness, William noticed his subtle assistance. “John… You don’t think this is too ordinary an activity for me?”
When they reached the caravan, the king helped Sherlock into the vehicle, and then directed him to sit on the bed.
LESTRADE
“Oh?” Up until then, I’d sported some vague idea that Sherlock might be here to rebuke me, but now the Wooster eyes were opened. “Not a problem,” I said happily. It was always a pleasure to do a bit of good for a pal, or in this case two pals, if I may call Sherlock a pal, and I hope I may. “John’s feelings aren’t so unrequited, then?”
Relieved, William brought John’s hands up around his own neck so that John would have an anchor to hold on to. Feeling John’s arms and seeing the deep need in John’s eyes was incredible. It made William yearn to gratify him in every way he could.
SHERLOCK
A forbidden treasure, then, that I could never read.
Sherlock felt viscous oil being spread over his palms by the king’s warm hands. The way that his master’s touch so easily took control of his own hands made the contact feel startling intimate. When a steady thumb made circles in one of Sherlock’s palms, the servant couldn’t help another groan.
“It is g-good, sir,” Sherlock responded, as lucidly as he could. At last, he was empty no longer. King John was filling him, and it was perfect. Every nerve in Sherlock burned to belong to the king. His spirit pleaded to be his master’s beloved. “Please, m-more, sir.”
King John left to return to the royal caravan.
“What is that?” asked Sherlock, pointing at the impressive structure.
Who are you? Where is Mycroft?
Astonished by the rise in the king’s voice, by the passion in the king’s spirit, Sherlock mumbled shyly, “I’m just your maid, sir.”
I am a detective. A detective who is blind, but no less a detective for it. In fact…
“It’s okay, Sherlock. It’s all right.”
In the meantime, John returned to his master’s room, and since King William was not there, the servant decided he would make himself useful by cleaning the suite. After John had been permitted to undress William and clean him in a bath, as maddening as that had been, it seemed likely that there was to be little privacy between them. Certainly, the master would allow John to clean the contents of the bedroom’s drawers.
“John…” Sherlock touched some of the objects, resting his hand on the chains. “I’m glad you kept these,” he murmured. “I hope we can use them again sometime.”
At first, John woke feeling well rested and peacefully content. His bed was very comfortable, and he had slept for a long time. But once he considered that last fact, he hurriedly opened his eyes and looked about the room in worry. Had he overslept for his strange new employment? Normally, sunlight pouring into his window ensured that he woke at a decent hour, but someone had closed the heavy curtains.
“Bertie,” I said, with a lowered voice, “what’s going on with you and Jeeves?”
WATSON (V.O.)
LESTRADE
LESTRADE
Why was the king not moving? Was Sherlock doing something wrong? “I can h-handle it!”
“But,” Sherlock started, nervously at first, and forging on when John stroked his arm in a reassuring way, “then there won’t be enough time for me to see to your needs.”
MYCROFT
“Where are we going, sir?”
Did John know what he was suggesting? That he would never again sleep anywhere but in King William’s bed? “I will see to it,” Sherlock said.
“Something I lost my chance at. To me, Sherlock, loving a person is the most exciting thing in the world.” To hear the charming king speak of love, while being held by him in a comforting manner, was both sweet and tortuous. “I’m officially married, but my wife and I are estranged." Again, conflicting feelings filled the servant. “Have been for many years. We live entirely apart, separated in all but name. We were never able to conceive, and so I don’t have the rightful heir I need to ensure that my kingdom will survive after me. But that was not the only issue in our marriage; there were problems between us other than that, too. Maybe I didn’t treat her right. I don’t know. All I know is that I lost my chance for a truly exciting life.”
Sherlock continued to think about the bees long after that. He sat with the king in one of the halls and listened to a discussion between some of the monks, but he hardly caught a word of what was said, engrossed as he was in his musing.
“Excellent! About the first part of that, I mean. And I’m free to form my own opinions on how your company measures up.”
Holmes! It would be incredible for anyone to take down a brute as you did. I did not mean to offend you.
“J-John, oh… yes, please…” There was restraint in William’s guilt-laden voice, but he sounded so forsaken and uncared for.
Though he appeared to be a little embarrassed, Sherlock smiled, which made John feel buoyantly light inside. “Thank you, sir.”
Jeeves leaned forward slightly, and clasped his hands together on the table, his eyes hard.
John inhaled sharply, stunned that the man he had longed for, one who was so far above his own place in life, would say those words. He must be wrong about what was being offered. Could William only mean for them to sleep side-by-side? “What do you mean?”
“No, it’s not. If only I could do that, I…” Suddenly, with a burst of courage, Sherlock turned to the king. “Sir, can I take you in my mouth?”
Sherlock took another long look at the painting of the mother and child, and then looked around, glancing at the other paintings on display.
“I have heard whispers of some of those rituals. They say that, many ages ago, there was once a great monarch who was intoxicated by love for a beautiful woman. She was sweet and gentle, like you.” One of the king’s fingers drifted around Sherlock’s ear, making him shiver with a spike of desire. “Though she was shy, she enchanted the monarch, so much that he claimed her in a haze of passion on a ritual bed.”
John could feel the ache throbbing in his own trousers. He steadfastly ignored it, though it still added a hot, desperate edge to the kiss. Moreover, John could not resist one push of his body against Sherlock’s, doing more to demonstrate his need for his servant than to find any satisfaction.
“You visited a lady,” William declared, “on the request of Father Lestrade, no doubt. She is pregnant, and far enough along to be making use of a lying-in room. This is her first pregnancy, so she reacted with more concern than she otherwise would have to a headache. Certainly she is entitled to react in such a manner, though I see she is fine after all, is she not?”
John and his servant were allowed near the caravan at once, and given some privacy when the king demanded it. He was used to seeing a horse attached to it, but otherwise the royal caravan appeared as it had before.
John placed his hand on his sword hilt. “You're safe with me.”
In the end, the servant was quick to clean them both, wishing to act on his resolution to be the best possible servant for his master, though after that, there was no hurry for them to rise from the bed.
Certainly.
John’s heart jumped in his chest, his pulse suddenly racing. “W-What?” he stammered.
As it turned out, the companies putting on performances enjoyed having an esteemed king in their audience, and they invited John to a number of other shows, where he was given the best seat available, though he was always insistent that he required an additional seat, to be used by the servant he relied upon. Nobody argued this point with the king.
Sherlock did not know what his servant wished to do, but it was more thrilling than anything to wonder what his modest servant truly desired. As John asked, Sherlock lied back, watching John with great interest.
“Of course you can,” John said. He cheerfully gave one of the jugs to Sherlock. “You can have it now, if you like.”
Sherlock often liked to get answers right away, but of course he could not urge the king to tell him anything. He waited silently and dutifully as they made the short journey back to the village.
The scarf was soft against John’s cheek. He thought again of Sherlock as a child, free to carve wood, and of Mycroft sewing whatever he liked. John was sure that the two brothers had meant a lot to each other. He wondered if Sherlock had worn his trademark blue scarf, even as a child... and at that instant, he thought of why Sherlock might always wear this scarf, while William never did.
Although he was still quiet, Sherlock’s grip on John’s hand was tight.
You’ll be grateful for this later.
It occurred to Sherlock that he was being foolish. Sherlock did not have the strength to push himself away from the paradise of King John’s embrace, but he had the decency to turn his face away at least.
The unfortunate opponents who faced King John hardly stood a chance. They were knocked to the ground in almost no time at all. It had not seemed possible, but the king seemed to be even stronger than he had been in the previous contests. Sherlock clutched his poor satchel as he watched in rapt anticipation when the king mounted his horse once more and battled his last challenger. King John’s lance crashed against the opposing shield, and then there could be no doubt that he would be the victor of this tournament.
John shouldn’t have been as stirred as he was when Sherlock called him that, but that didn’t change the fact that hearing Sherlock moan that title made John want to hold Sherlock close and never let him go.
Fortunately, Sherlock found the concentration needed to remove the first boot. He set to work on the second one. He didn’t want to answer the question.
to notice you.” The rough, rich voice that spoke could belong to no one but King John. “Your skin is so fair, and your eyes so bright. You shined in that crowd as the white moon shines in the darkness.”
WATSON
Sherlock was thrilled that the king would tell him so much, yet he needed to know more. “What is it that you want, sir? Um, if I might be so bold as to ask.”
Ah yes, that is what I learned as a child. A slow and inefficient system. Fortunately a man in France took it upon himself to make a tactile alphabet. Braille code makes correspondence much easier, at least with the Yard.
MYCROFT
Dumbfounded by this praise, Sherlock tried to fathom how a man of the world could find beauty in this simple servant. “In the dim light, perhaps…”
“You like Lady Gaga?” I asked, fascinated.
“Did you like sucking me, Sherlock?” he asked, enjoying the bashfulness that came over Sherlock in response.
Hold on a minute. I’m telling the story all wrong, aren’t I? Not only have I jumped too far ahead, but the details I’ve dropped here and there hardly make the whole picture. If I haven’t lost you by this point, then I can only assume you were there and you know all about it. For those fortunate enough to be somewhere else at that early stage of the evening, I’ll play it back in chrono order.
“Do you know what this is?” Sherlock asked.
“John, o-oh!” Sherlock’s voice was breaking now. He was reaching his peak under John’s care. “Oh, oh, John!”
They were resistant at first, but they had already suspected that an heir would not be conceived—John did not explain anything beyond that, but the advisors knew the king and queen had never been able to conceive, and that was a convenient enough reason. After several long discussions throughout the course of a day, plans started to be made in earnest.
had to set things straight here. “You’re not still worried that Bertie’s going to get tired of you, are you?”
Sherlock marvelled at the king, who had experienced so much and yet still possessed such a noble spirit.
Oh, you think so?
However, when Jeeves had turned towards Bertie, the “sir” was almost a different word than the one Jeeves had used on me. What Bertie got was light as a feather, and drawn out with care, as if Jeeves was painting a masterpiece of his special muse with that one syllable. I never heard Jeeves use this version on anyone else. I suppose that for Jeeves, there was only one special muse.
“It’s fine if you don’t want to tell me,” Bertie said.
.” Sherlock made an exaggerated shudder. “I don’t think I’ll want John to touch
It has become a guilty pleasure, now, especially—Lord forgive me—when I am able to ‘misplace’ his spectacles. Then I can gaze at his face entirely, the bright and thoughtful expression he does not know that he possesses, and good heavens, I am overwhelmed by awe as much as guilt.
LESTRADE
Sherlock was a novice in this area as he was with many things, but that was all right, as his dear master was generous enough to lead the kiss, and he did so with a passion. Whimpering with pleasure, the servant gave into the king completely, letting his jaw move as the king directed.
Excuse me?
Suddenly, Sherlock felt a light touch on his cheek. Shock knocked the air out of Sherlock’s chest. Was the king truly touching him? He was afraid to turn and find out, in case doing so would break the wonderful illusion.
I was surprised, though this wasn’t as shocking as it might have been if I hadn’t heard him tell me how brilliant this Jeeves of his was a thousand times. He seemed absolutely shocked though. Initially, he was happy about his discovery, but then the energy seemed to fade away, leaving him almost devastated.
John wandered through the castle, assisting with the cleaning of the royal chambers and making sure his clothes had arrived, but he returned to the chapel later that day. He talked to some other servants who were there, happy to demonstrate that he had finally learned the names of some of the regulars of the castle. Yet for the most part he simply enjoyed sitting and feeling the warmth of solace and nostalgia this chapel gave him. A kind man, one with unusual interests and habits, had sat with him in a church much like this one. A man who would openly mock polite aristocrats and take a whiff of a peasant’s shoes.
Moving closer to Sherlock’s ear, the king murmured, “I didn’t want you to sleep away from me, and yet, this was a golden opportunity for me. I could get myself off here, on this bed, imagining I had you under me.”
True, everyone, from the most mindless thugs to the middle-grade bosses who insisted they had met the Colonel once (and who seemed to always have the wildest fancies), agreed that if you attracted the man's attention, you had two options...in case you were lucky. Bow to whatever orders he brought, or disappear from the very face of the earth. If you had disappointed Moriarty once too many, you'd never be found anymore.
“Not fun.” The glare that accompanied the cop’s words would have scared a lesser man.
“Yet” Sherlock piped in, because of course he did…despite the fact that he’d promised minutes ago not to ruin the introductions.
Sherlock's whole body went rigid, and he scowled murderously at the other man before turning dismissively and striding away.
People ignored him, and he easily located the labs. With everyone worried about exams, the place was empty—supposed to be locked, in fact. Sherlock had never been happier of having acquired the full set of his namesake’s skills.
“Can I be naughty?” John leant towards him.
"I don't know what you mean," he replies. What else can he say?
“Oh, no. You’re thinking of politics, really? We aren’t in a book, you know. But if dad had talked mum out of Mycroft, there wouldn’t be a Sherlock, either.” The journalist crossed his arms.
“It’s okay,” Matteo mumbled, but sped up, red-faced.
John sighed. He had hoped so much that the message meant that he was wanted, but of course that was demanding too much. The sheer fact that Sherlock hadn’t been the one texting him should have been all the hint he needed; the man was certainly not afraid to say what he thought. Coming here had been a stupid whim. Still, he refused to leave. They might never be friends—much less anything else—but it wasn’t a good reason to let one person determine what he did.
"Who, specifically?"
This time, Livia just beamed proudly, without venturing to add a word. It was such a pity that her uncle took over the role of tour guide. John was as sensible as anyone to beauty, but the man's attitude showed he expected everyone to whip out a notebook and start jotting down dates and names. Even if they didn't all sound like tongue-twisters to him, the approach would have made all his passion fly out of the window - which got its own architect mentioned, too. Seriously? Unsurprisingly, all art students did just that.
