Cas looks at Dean’s back. Dean’s whistling a tune now, pushing eggs in the pan, swaying back and forth. There’s a lightness in Cas’ chest as he watches the rising sun streaming through the window catch Dean’s hair, giving it an auburn shimmer.
“I can’t keep giving you ways to break my heart.” Castiel keeps his eyes trained on his shoes; he can’t bear to look at Dean while he’s confessing this. “You don’t do it intentionally, but every woman that walks through our door… my heart breaks more. And now that Lisa is a serious relationship—I just can’t do it anymore.”
this crap?”
will sleep and ignore it. I will stay up and research. And consequently keep an eye out for any more potential attacks.” He resolutely pulls the covers over Dean’s head. “But you have to rest so that you’re not so useless.”
Sam smiles down at his wife and gives a small shrug. “It’s true.”
“I think you should talk to him.”
“Friends?” Cas replies, the word seemingly foreign in his mouth.
“I’m going to stop coming to your room,” Cas says again.
Dean’s suddenly blushing, looking nervously at Castiel. “Uh… no. Two.”
“We were waiting for you to do it,” Cas says.
“Oh.” Cas frowned down at the dark liquid like it did a personal disservice. “That’s a shame.”
“There was a woman in the kitchen,” Cas pants. “Behind the kitchen island.”
“Um.”
“I’m amenable to walking,” Cas says.
“Listen,” Dean says, sucking in a breath when the gun is pressed harder into him, “we’re not responsible for those murders, okay? If you’d just fucking take a breath and listen to us—”
“Cas, what are you saying?”
“Cas, you’re scaring me, seriously. Say
“No.” It bites out of Dean, sharp and loud. “Just… no, Cas, okay. Don’t do this, man.”
“Good morning, sleepyhead,” Sam scoffs.
“Not in the slightest,” the woman snaps back. “And I swear to God, if you hurt Bob, you’re going to wish you hadn’t.”
“We don’t know how time passes in the Empty compared to here,” Gabriel said with a shrug. “Hard to say.”
make a dirty joke out of that.”
end well.”
“Oh, yeah, I thought she might bring that up. She’s always been protective of me and Sammy, so she comes on kind of strong. You should’ve seen her when there was a couple of boys bullying Sam in the third grade. I think the moms of those kids thought she was going to start throwing punches.”
“What kind of job?”
His breath caught, his eyes widening. The second hand on the watch marked the seconds, ticking steadily as it traveled counter-clockwise. Dean watched, mesmerized, as it went backwards from the 45 second mark to the 30.
Jody put down her fork and frowned. “Why? You all right?”
Castiel is
"So she's..." Dean fumbles over his words, trying to control the horrified expression on his face. "She died?"
“You going to read those books tonight while I’m on my date?” Dean asks as he pulls the Impala onto the road, aiming for home.
“Good,” she says with false pleasantness. She releases her grace’s hold on Castiel; walks back around her desk and sits on her chair. She hands him the notebook. “You can leave now.”
Dean’s eyes flickered to Cas, who was picking a new character to play with on the screen. “Yeah. Guess we do.”
“Well, in a sense. I’m going to have to make some fireworks soon to draw the Empty over to me anyway.” Gabriel’s other hand came out from the dark, placing an angel blade into Dean’s palm. “Present from Jack. Dunno how the kid did it, but this is made of antimatter too, so it shouldn’t explode on you. Not sure how well it’ll work on anything in here, but—just in case.”
Dean also knows that he’s contributing to making things awkward ever since his libido decided to rear its ugly head. Every time Dean accidentally flirts with Cas by touching him in a joking but too-familiar way, or his eyes linger on his admittedly chiseled and handsome jaw for a bit too long, he knows that he is making the situation worse.
of you. I know my own feelings, and I don’t need you two making wild speculations like a couple of loons. Butt out of my love life; it’s my business.” He takes an angry swig of tea and firmly sets the mug on the desk. “I’m going back out to reality with the sane people.”
He waited for the familiar stab of disappointment, the ache in his chest. But it never came.
“How did this even happen?” Dean huffs, digging his pocketknife further into the unplugged toaster. Something rattles ominously.
“Can’t believe I’m saying this but—I agree with the kid.” May glares at Bob. “You about finished?”
“Hey, don’t sweat it,” Gabriel said, twisting to the side and catching Ritz chip he tossed toward his mouth. “When OG dad was around, he barely did shit. At least you’re
Dean’s eyes flicker to Castiel’s; in them, Castiel sees Dean’s frustration at being caught in the middle like this. Castiel knows fully well that the last thing Dean wants is for him to be in his classroom.
P.S.: I got
“I’ll go on the date with Lisa. For you, man.”
He tugs on Cas’ wrist. “C’mon. No point in only me sleeping in the huge bed while you’re uncomfortable on the couch, right?”
“You know, somehow that doesn’t fill me with the warm and fuzzies.”
There’s a winding, rowdy line at the concession stand. People are leaning over each other, loudly barking at the poor teenager behind the counter for hot dogs and more beer. Dean and Cas snake through a group of drunkenly giggly women, weapons tucked under their coats. They approach the back of the concessions stand, to the area under the bleachers.
I hope everyone has a good week! See you next Sunday:')
realm, and you have the gall to make demands? Of me?”
“Why the hell are you telling me this?”
He sits in an upright position in the bed, allowing his gasps to subside, for his breaths to become steadier. The light through the curtains is still grey, indicating the bare morning. Cas can distantly hear movement downstairs; Dean must be awake.
Fumbling his hand in his pockets, Castiel feels a couple of quarters leftover from when he bought the mug that morning. That damned
Grumbling, Dean slowly urges the Impala forward, and around the winding corner. “When you told me about this case, you failed to mention that it’s in goddamn suburbia.”
Castiel sets his mug on the floor and peels his sweatshirt and t-shirt off. He picks up the dark green, long sleeved shirt that Dean gave him, pulling it over his wet hair. When he pokes his head beyond the collar, he sees Dean in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room, frowning with his arms crossed.
Faith doesn’t drive them far before they arrive at the lake. She is easy to make conversation with; Cas learns that she was born in the same house she now lives in (her parents left it to her when they retired to Florida), and that she worked at a marketing firm before going back to school for nursing. Cas is still getting acquainted with the types of careers humans can have, so he doesn’t inquire much into it.
sort out this whole mess. I’m going to the nearest bar in this shady town and going to forget any of this shit ever happened.” He pointedly avoids Cas’ very blue, very penalizing eyes before he twists to the doorway.
Just minutes earlier, Castiel was sitting in the hallway with a straight spine and firmly clasped hands on his lap, mentally preparing himself for punishment. He was expecting imprisonment, a flogging, maybe even
“Cas,” he says, licking his lips before continuing, “you really gotta be more careful. I know you’re used to being a fully-powered Energizer angel bunny, but you’re practically human now. You have to pay attention to your body more.”
“Cas, you
“Uh.” Dean blows into one of his hands to make it warmer. “People. Family. Love, I guess.”
“Bullshit,” John burps out.
“You made it out.” Dean rapidly blinked away the moisture in his eyes. “You made it out, you’re—”
“Fine, then. That night in the bunker when we watched Westerns together. When I fell asleep on your shoulder.”
Charlie is silent for a moment. “Do you remember when I got hit by that car while I was biking? In my freshman year of college?"
can come out.”
, okay? It’s not Michael, it’s not some trick—we want to
to make comparisons between Benny and Cas anymore.
Sam shrugged nonchalantly. “Nope, just… wanting to get the whole story.” He glanced up at Dean, who was chewing at his bottom lip and staring down at the lone dish in the sink. Sam waited for a few moments.
Cas’s voice said.
“Nope.” Gabriel licked errant crumbs off his fingers. “Can’t really have an apocalypse if there’s no world left to… apocalate. That’s a word, right?”
“Correct.”
There’s a way that the morning sunlight hits Cas’ hair that makes his heart constrict. Something damningly endearing about the way that Cas rubs the heel of his hand against his eye to rouse himself from sleep. Dean had somehow attached himself to Cas as he slept, waking up with Cas in a tangle of limbs, Dean’s nose poking into Cas’ hair, Cas’ face shoved into Dean’s shoulder. Neither of them seem to care.
Dean remains awkwardly by the door.
“‘Other reasons’? Like the apple pie life with a picket fence, like Dad would have wanted?” Dean scoffed. “I think we picked the wrong people for that.”
He knows what Sam is gesturing to immediately: brunette, leggy, skirt on the northside of too short. He distinctly remembers the predatory face she made when he asked her back to his hotel room.
“Oh, Dean!” May cries. “We were just talking about you! Weren’t we, Bob?”
“’Here for Dean?’” John repeats mockingly. He fumbles in the pocket of his leather jacket and withdraws another flask, taking a long draw. “Let me ask you something,
Cas tucks his feet under his legs and places the book on his lap, pushing back his messy hair. Dean makes a note to buy him a damn brush, because the urge to push his fingers through Cas’ hair and fix it is just driving him crazy.
Across the room, Cas sat up, breathing heavily, hand to his chest. His eyes were trained on Dean and nothing else. “Is he healed?”
“Oh, yeah? What’s that?”
“No, really, they are. I’m not shocked at all that they’re getting murdered. It’s probably some disgruntled person that’s sick of all their bullshit.” She looks at Cas with wide eyes. “Not me, though, I swear.”
Dean clears his throat. “Well, anyway. Just wanted to clear that up.”
“Yes,” Castiel says amidst the struggle, “why?”
An almost manic laugh comes from the kitchen. “Surely you’re not
“Really? That’s all you have to say? That I’m
“Don’t you want to further my education on human music?” Cas asks innocently.
“Cas, tell me the date.”
Well.
“Yes. When I pulled you from Hell, I rebuilt you. I… didn’t think I was careless enough to leave some of my grace in you during the process. But perhaps I did.”
“Well, nothing’s growing,” Castiel explains, trailing off uncertainly as the man once again disappears around a corner.
“Okay. Because that’s what you want, right?”
She smiles brightly at him. “You’re awake.”
“Charlie!” Dean snaps, looking up into her faux-innocent green eyes. “If you want to help, get out your flashlight on that fancy phone of yours and give me some more light.”
Although Castiel can’t claim to know Dean well at this stage, he still thinks the classroom where Dean teaches is decorated in his style. There are noteworthy literature classics on the wall, ones that his first graders couldn’t possibly read but still serve as a reminder of things to come. Books such as
“I—” Jack’s eyes trailed nervously between Sam and Dean. “We need to go to one of the portals. That way the Empty is less likely to sense you, so to speak.”
Turning on his heel, Dean left Chuck bent over in the alleyway, Chuck’s staccato, maniacal laughter matching the beat of Dean’s footsteps. With a sharp pull of the door, Dean tumbled into the driver’s seat, hurling the gun into the glove compartment.
Not meeting Dean’s eyes, he says, “No. Only for a few hours. Then I…” Castiel clears his throat, realizing in that moment how childish he’s been, how stupid— “Then I needed some time to think.”
I can let you borrow it when we get home, if you want.”
Instead of the prickling in his skin that he expected from the touch, Cas’ nerve endings feel like warm liquid; he’s worried that he might literally melt into Dean’s arms. Cas closes his eyes and dares to bury his face on top of Dean’s shoulder. Dean smells like the pine-scented dollar-store soap that he uses.
But to do this with someone he loved? With Cas?
Sam? Seriously?”
Dean turns back to the treeline, brows knitted in a frown. “She’s pretty.”
* * *
He tries not to watch Cas’ back as he leaves, he really does. But he’s still half asleep and he just woke up next to his fake husband and his brain is not rebooting as fast as it should.
guess what's happening in the next chapter?? yup, you guessed it!! finally some empty action!! it only took me two months to get to rip.
“Nothing embarrassing,” he says over the rim of his mug.
“It’s okay, Sam was always intimidated by my wit and charm,” Gabriel said, spreading himself out onto a chair and ripping open a bag of Oreos. He winked, popping a cookie into his mouth. “It’s nothing new.”
Cas informed him.
“Do you not trust them either? Is that it?”
Castiel stiffens. He would like to avoid explaining how he watches Dean and Lisa from a distance and undetected on every date they’ve been on so far. He doesn’t think Dean would take it so well. “I—I simply ask you afterwards,” he says. “That’s enough information to go on.”
“Cas.”
That being said... there's a sequel in the works. So watch out ;)
Dean blinked into the morning sun. He shook his head when Jen offered him a smoke, one already caught between her lips. “Did you find anything before you started work on the hill this morning?” he asked, voice hoarse but steady.
“Yeah, they have that effect,” Dean said, shrugging into his flannel. “So? What’d you find out?”
a big deal.”
“My, my. No house manners, either.”
Sam nodded dumbly; didn’t even have the presence of mind to understand what Cas could mean.
“Maybe she knew we weren’t actually married,” Dean says. “She knew May and Bob were hunters. Fake hunters, but still hunters. She’s obviously not stupid.”
“He’s just a human,” Gabriel said, his tone tense. “There’s no grace in him for you to get your hands on.”
"Nothing is 'going on'," Cas says in that deep, rumbling voice.
“I’m fine,” he said, shouldering past his brother. “Let’s go.”
“You’re worried about when I leave our ‘bubble’, or so you’ve called it before. About me being out in the world..”
“Yeah, I was wondering the same thing.” Dean rubs at his neck. “Whatever it was, it was the worst pain I’ve ever felt. Every shitty experience I ever had all rolled into one maki roll of crap.”
It’s only when a book is in Dean’s hands that Castiel stops and talks. Dean wonders if Castiel is shy, hesitant to start a conversation out of nothing; or if he really just prefers books to people (or Dean). Based on how his eyes light up at the sight of a book, Dean is willing to bet money on the latter.
A new surprise tag is going to be added when I post chapter 3... it may or may not have to do with Dean's profession... *blows a kiss and runs away*
Cas stops on the top step and blinks at him. “What?”
“Well, I’m glad you’re okay.” She claps her gloved hands together. “So, Cas, know anything about soccer? I’m hopeless at sports and would love the explanation.”
“You became a god four months ago. You’re tiny.”
“To observe Dean.”
Dean grabs Cas’ hand. “You just need to focus on one good memory. Just one. Everything’s running through your head right now. ”
He punches the pillow next to him at this last realization and gusts a sigh through his nose. Because that’s the problem: he can’t just go down that route. Of course he has feelings for Cas; he’s known that for years. But since Cas left, since everything that happened—it’s becoming less and less likely that they can set aside their bullshit and move on.
“What do you mean?”
“Did she hurt you?” Dean asked sharply. “Was it like a possession?”
fucking lesson to show you what happens when you hide like a coward instead of helping the people you care about. Get your fucking act together and shape the fuck up or it’ll be your brother that gets dead because of your stupid, cowardly ass. The most cowardly thing you can do is letting someone die for you. Don’t
“It doesn’t matter!” Dean explodes, throwing his hands into the air. “He
For everyone reading this - thank you so much. I love getting your comments, your kudos, and your messages on my tumblr. They honestly all make my week. You guys are helping to make this fic come alive; thank you so much for that.
“Fuck,” Dean grits out, running an agitated hand through his hair. He paces away from the rocks; turns back, holding his hands out imploringly. “Cas, I can’t do this.”
“Remember the cat from ‘Hot Topical’?” Claire asked, quoting the air with her fingers. Her smile is broad and genuine now. “I still have that thing.”
“I’m just trying to say that—it’s bigger than us. Bigger than Cas.”
, but what you don’t have is anything by Yuri Olesha.” He puts a book into Castiel’s hands that is green and says
“You are so brave, Castiel,” she says, her eyes soft and wondering. “Anna told us everything. The way you stood up to the angels like that... I am so proud of you.”
One ring. Two. Three, until—
Sam’s face twisted into a frown. “Well I can’t let
“I was safe until I pushed you away,” Dean says.
“I love you, Cee Cee,” she murmured into his pant leg.
“It’s a collection of essays,” Dean says, eyes alit in excitement, “that Thoreau wrote when he was out in the wilderness. It’s all about living off the land and depending on your own devices. He says that people were too materialistic—even back then, if you can believe it. After I read that, I tried camping on my own for a weekend, and living the way he suggested, away from civilization and all that jazz.”
We’ll find another way, okay? Just—” Sam stopped, his heart stopped, everything stopped when Dean lost consciousness. He watched, paralyzed, as Dean’s head fell to the side, cheek pressed into the dirty ground.
Sam pulled at his wrists; a habit he formed when he was a kid and particularly anxious. Dean couldn’t help but smile at the familiarity of it. “So, are you going to keep in contact with Dean? How will you know when to pull him out?”
“You know what’s most important in the world, son?” asks the man’s fuzzy baritone.
“That doesn’t scare me,” he spits back. “Because grace or not, I’m a hunter. And I’m doing what hunters do: kill you so that you can’t hurt anyone else.”
Dean leaned over the sink, letting out a sharp sigh as the warmth of Cas’s voice filled his mind. It was just a voice. A figment of the imagination, him losing his marbles; but it bolstered him all the same.
Bobby grunts, “Those still happenin’?”
Night brought a panic attack, like he knew it would.
“Do it,” Cas chokes out.
The string appeared in front of him, blue and vibrant. He grabbed onto it before the Empty snapped him up in its jaws.
I hope that you enjoyed the start, and I'd love to know what you think!! thanks for jumping on this fic train with me<33
“Who knows?” Castiel asks through gritted teeth.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“I’m just glad that you’re not a vegan,” Dean says after the waitress takes their orders. “I don’t know if I could be soulmates with someone who doesn’t enjoy all the meat that life has to offer.” An image of Cas enthusiastically eating Dean’s burgers on their first night meeting each other springs uninvited into his mind.
“What, you think it magically appeared while you were sleepin’?”
Seeing Dean bleeding and curled up on the ground brings out something primal in Castiel. He kicks a man over the railing, barely hearing the
overwhelming. And Amara… when I absorbed Chuck’s power, I absorbed her too. And she’s here. I can… I can hear her.” He touched the side of his head, wincing. “Sometimes she’s
Jack shifted from foot to foot, glancing at Gabriel. With a gentle pat on Jack’s shoulder, Gabriel tilted his head toward Dean, eyebrows raised expectantly.
Dean advanced on Sam, fists clenched. “Are you trying to make this a goddamn joke?”
I'll be posting every Thursday, but if you want to keep updated on when I post, please subscribe to either this story or my ao3 profile! Unlike fics in the past, I won't be using a tag list for fic updates (400 people asked to be on the tag list for this fic. it'd be madness.)
Bob shrugs off her grip, straightening his jacket. “Fine.” He sits again; Cas’ eyes track the movement. “Just give us info on what you know about this monster first—then we’ll tell you,
we had to adjust the way we did—why our friendship became fragmented in the first place, the fact that I behaved the way I did and said the things I said—”
Castiel feels the frustrating dichotomy of one part of his mind telling him to run, the other telling him to stay. Any words he could say stick to the walls of his throat. He finds he can only stare at Dean, who is looking at him with guilty eyes.
With a roll of her eyes, the waitress poured into his half empty mug. She turned on her heel, muttering something as she walked back toward the kitchen.
Dean attempts to be more gentlemanly when they get to the pub by opening the passenger door for her. He gets a strange look from her in return.
“You’re a lot like Mom, you know,” Sam just comes out and says one day. Over reading a book, while sipping his coffee, like it’s no big deal.
Dean knocked his knuckle against the counter. “So, how’s the arm?”
The silence in his head, the lack of Cas’s voice, was deafening.
He sees a figure in the doorway;
“Well, that’s easy.” Sam straightened, his face split into a smile. “Remember that hunt where we had to check out that haunting at a carnival? And Cas was bitching out the stall vendors for having a rigged game when he couldn’t knock over that last bottle?”
That makes Dean stop. “Heaven, or you?”
“Hello, Dean,” May says cheerfully, rocking back on her heels. “Is Cas around? I was just returning his coat.”
Castiel closes his eyes when he hears the front door of the house slam a few minutes later, punctuating Dean’s exit. He suddenly feels very tired.
It was that certain tone of voice that Sam got—the one that always did him in. It was like kicking a puppy when it was already down. Dean turned to Sam, forcing a smile. “I’ll be fine, Sammy.”
-Henry David Thoreau, Walden
He finally dares to look at him, just in time to see a flash of emotion twist Cas’ face. He breaks into a smile. “Okay.”
Castiel nods. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Sure, you can use a computer. Congratulations.”
Castiel resolutely never looks at Dean’s hands whenever they are stroking through Lisa’s hair. Or when they’re massaging her shoulders while they watch TV in the living room. When Dean lightly touches her shoulder as he walks past her.
“Is this one of Jody’s?” Cas asked, tilting the CD case toward Dean.
“If you
Castiel sits with a rigid spine, unsure of who to answer at once; he doesn’t like lying to children, but he knows what Dean’s reaction will be if he tells them he’s a cupid. And, truthfully, he would rather not admit it either.
“Well, it only makes sense. She does need one, what with all the trauma from the accident; the survivor’s guilt she’s going through. And she most definitely needs help for the confusion that comes from looking back at her memories of the past fourteen years of her life and seeing a mysterious guardian angel-shaped hole in them.”
Dean squares his jaw and tries not to make any reaction as Cas (somehow) explains the basics of soccer to her. He would bet his good hard-earned pool money that the conniving homewrecker knows at
“Sure does. Me, about to do something stupid and drastic. You, a delicate flower, about to pass out.”
It’s the fourth Wednesday after he and Cas meet, the third Wednesday of their book discussions, that Dean decides to do it. He’s fidgety his whole shift, unable to stop peeking at Cas above the pages of his book. Finally, 1AM rolls around. Cas walks past with his usual tangled and tired eyes, sees the book in Dean’s hands, and stops.
“Nope, should be good,” assures the disembodied voice, “just this goddamn—” There’s no elaboration as another, louder, crash punctuates the end of the sentence.
“Cas,” he called miserably. “Cas, please.”
“Don’t tell me what I’m feeling,” Dean whispered sharply. He gave an awkward wave to the couple passing him as they gave him a suspicious look.
“Sure. Yes. And another thing—I think I figured out what creature it
Castiel replies evenly, “So you’ve told me before.”
Dean reaches out a hand as she turns. “Hey, wait! Am I ever gonna know who it is? Or is this it, they just, stop sending notes and it’s done forever?”
Continuing the stitches, Sam decided it’d be best to be quiet—focus on doing the stitches evenly. After a few minutes, Cas broke the silence, scowling down at the vodka:
Instead of voicing, or acting, on these thoughts, Castiel simply rests a shaking hand onto Dean’s back. He locks his emotions behind a door that he knows can never be opened. He ignores the incredulous fact that he’s never felt this way about anyone—much less a human—before. He closes his eyes against the tides of emotion swirling within him and says softly, “Of course, Dean.”
“You’re packing him food, aren’t you?”
Dean meets those blue eyes now. They’re earnestly staring at Dean, and Cas looks so damn hopeful.
“Charlie.”
She bursts out a sigh and puts her face in her hands. “I hate being in the middle of this,” she groans, muffled. “I hate both of you emotionally stunted idiots.”
“What is this?” Dean asks between kisses. It’s dark but he can imagine the stunned look on Cas’s face.
Cas slides it back. “I already have a fake badge.”
Sam sat down at the table and pulled his own laptop out of his shoulder bag, placing it on a small pile of manilla folders. “Did you get in touch with uh, crap—” He tapped his fingers against the table, thinking. “What’s his name?”
And, last but not least,
Nowhere, Idaho. An inconsequential town tucked into the hills, it was composed of a main street that jutted through a few rambling neighborhoods. A healthy forest surrounded the town, making it difficult to navigate the narrow, dark roads going in.
In his periphery, he saw a blue strand glowing against the ice, dipping into the water. With a curse, he grabbed onto it, the blue glow lighting up his skin as his head disappeared under the water’s surface and a screech pierced the wintery air.
Castiel feels his mouth running on, even though his brain is screaming at it to stop. “And what the hell is wrong with her place? Why don’t you ever go there? Why does she have to be in
“How did you get better?” Bob asks.
“For rejecting your advances two weeks ago.”
“Yeah, what priorities? Were you thinking about them when you
“Yeah, it was your idea to kill the Empty that way, but—it got you both out. You can’t guilt yourself for that.”
“I thought I did, back in the Empty. But he… I don’t know. Doesn’t seem like he believed it.”
“In trouble?”
“Truthfully, I’m not here from the community college,” Castiel agrees. “I am here on a job.”
“Dean?” Sam knocked at the bathroom door. “Dean, are you okay?”
“I can’t,” he admits, quietly.
Also probably why that girl in the welcome center was so drawn to Cas. The thought makes Dean’s smile fade, and he looks away.
Dean struggled as the Empty’s hands curled around his throat. The black bonds around his wrists burned hotter.
it at the time. It hurt me more than I should have let it. I hadn't felt this depth of love for any of my human charges before; I considered her a daughter, in many ways, as illogical as that was." He turns his head to look at Dean with helpless eyes. "I
Dean couldn’t look at Claire’s glassy eyes for too long, so he snapped his attention to Jack. “Okay. How do we find him?”
“Look, Cas.” Dean flicks a finger toward the left of them, down a couple of rows of bleachers. He waits for Cas to see the back of May’s blonde head. “May is right there. She’s been there the whole damn time. Faith just wanted to come up here and flirt with you; she was lying about not being able to find her.”
Sam squinted in confusion. “You don’t think that was the real Gabriel?”
Cas sits on the edge of the bed next to Dean. Their legs brush. “There is an option.”
Opening his arms, Cas smiled. “I heard your prayer.”
Dean wraps an arm around Cas' shoulders, a fierce grip on his arm. "We'll find a way to get those memories back, Cas, okay? I promise."
Dean has the air knocked out of him as Cas suddenly pushes Dean into the bed, straddling his hips, taking Dean's face into his hands and possessively invading his mouth like the world is going to end tomorrow. Last night was gentle exploration, of gentle caresses and sensations that left them both breathless. Now, it’s fierce and desperate and unyielding, with Cas' face looking like he’s going to lose control at any moment.
It’s still in his head, raging against him:
“Hey.
Cas follows Sam’s gaze around the open-plan living room, the high ceilings, the kitchen to the right of the entrance. Cas nods distractedly, not having much experience with human homes to compare it to.
Sam shot Dean an amused look. “Sounds like an orchestra piece, Cas.”
matter interacted with the antimatter here…” He looked up. “It’d explode. Make a tear.”
“Yeah, I’m an angel,” Gabriel said, smoothly spilling his pile of salty-sugary treats on the table. “And no, I’m not like the others.”
“I am not doing so. The people who are threatening your life will.”
Dean’s having a dream.
No Cas.
Castiel regards his jeans and beat-up sneakers with a disapproving frown. Street clothes, Naomi said, is the more appropriate uniform for an angel of his current stature. It’s a far cry from his suit and tie that he wore as a guardian angel. He used to be someone important.
,” Claire burst out, rolling her eyes.
the memory of Cas’s voice echoed.
Sam sighs. “Dean. I really think you should stay here.”
“Couldn’t be the antimatter,” Dean said hoarsely. “I saw it…” He swallowed hard, tried again. “I saw it suck Cas up. Nothing exploded, nothin’ happened.”
“Here—hang on.” Sam hooked his hands underneath Dean’s shoulders, hoisting him up to prop against the headboard. He sat back in his chair, holding out a hand like Dean might collapse again at any minute. “How do you feel? Are you dizzy? Sick?”
“What are you seeing now?”
“I’m sorry that I attacked you before, Cas.”
poor cas, i always hurt him in my fics i'm realizing, i think i need an intervention.
Charlie pity-laughs at the bad pun and pockets her phone. “I’ll ask Anna later if she can fix it.”
He pushes the paper away. “I know what it says.”
Jack stared down at his shoes, glaring.
“Watch this part,” Cas instructed. “This is when she shows you the goats.”
“You know, you need to define it. Whatever
Sam closed his eyes and exhaled a sharp breath through his nose. Dean was going to flip shit. “Wow, Cas, okay. All right. We’ll figure it out—I’ll patch you up. You just sit there, okay?”
Dean didn’t mean to overhear it. Cas and the old guy they were interviewing was in the next room, and Dean was in the tiny corner kitchen. The old man’s house was dated, sure, but Dean didn’t expect the walls to be practically paper.
Dean shrugged, the blanket slipping off his shoulders. “Haven’t seen the dude, either way. Last I heard he’s canvassing Heaven for some thing Kevin translated in the tablet. Which he should be doing, instead of drainin’ his grace on me.”
Dean is wearing the blue button-up shirt that he must have finally ironed (he was unable to wear it all last week because it came out wrinkled from the wash), and the khakis he’s always proclaiming as his most comfortable pair. His eyes are bright as he smiles at his students; his countenance is tired.
did you? Didn’t even try to get my side of the story of the divorce. Just blindly followed, because that’s what you are Dean, a goddamn follower who lets people just walk all over you—“
There were no clues. No signs. No hope. Cas could be anywhere, and he was running out of time, couldn’t even pray to Jack—he could be trapped wandering this place forever with no map, no help, nobody—
Dean blinks at Cas. Breathes in a sharp gasp. He points accusingly to the green-covered book, the one he recognized earlier. “Hey—that’s Sam’s!”
“Hi, Lisa,” Dean says, darkly, when he’s standing in front of their table.
“Uh. Yes.” Dean triumphantly notes that there’s a tinge of blush appearing on Cas’ cheeks.
Castiel blinks in confusion and asks dumbly, “For the date—you mean right now?”
“Whatever, like you were an angel.” Dean rifles around in the box for more Cas-related stuff: broken, smoothed-over green glass they found by a creek that they were convinced were priceless jewels (they weren’t), an old broken ping pong ball they thought was a bird’s egg (again, it wasn’t), notes from Cas that were passed to Dean during class.
Dean glares at his brother. “A second reason.”
“But the things I said—”
“I’ll guide you.” Cas grabs both his hands and pulls him to his feet. “Try to stay calm until we get out of the house; you can hang onto me the whole time.”
“Trust me, Sam; that’s one thing I do know.” Dean shoves his hands into his pockets, his shoulders folding in on themselves as he mutters, “Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to drag you into all this. I just don’t know if this whole thing is… fixable.”
Something in his stomach clenched. His legs were unsteady as he crossed the room, leaning against the counter next to her. He held out an arm as an invitation. With a sharp sniff, Claire ducked into his side, burying her face into his shoulder.
“He’s more than okay,” Gabriel chimed in. “He should feel pretty proud, closing that tear himself.”
she reminds herself. She sighs, taking the face paints out of the box and setting them on the table.
Cas nods and blinks into the sun. “If that is the case, and she does want me as a her next victim, then maybe we should play into that.”
“What?” Dean barked. “What aren’t you sayin’?”
“Then….”
“This hunt I’m going on ain’t even a hunt,” Dean continued, barreling over his brother’s protests. “It’s just a lead. Nothin’ dangerous.”
Dean pulls Baby’s gear into park, kicking up dust in the state park’s parking lot. “All right, we’re here!” he announces loudly. He fumbles with the door handle, exiting the awkward tension that has settled in the car.
hot when you’re angry.”
“No, it’s not fine. I need to remember not to stick my foot in it.” She worries her bottom lip between her teeth. “So, have you seen Claire at all?”
“Yeah.” Dean grinned, despite himself. “Super freaking annoying.”
“Fucking culinary snob,” Dean grunts, untwisting the mayonnaise jar with vigor and roughly spreading it onto a piece of bread. “You can’t just not eat for five days, Cas. You’re being ridiculous.”
Cas’s voice accused.
Jody grabbed Dean’s chin, looking him over, before shouting over her shoulder, “The hell did you do to him?”
It’d be so easy to let it tumble out of him; to recklessly plunge headfirst off that cliff without knowing if anything would catch him.
It’s ten at night when he gets home from his date with Lisa; the earliest that a date has ever ended for Dean. The house is dark but for one lone light in the living room, indicating that Cas hadn’t disappeared and repeated last weekend’s post-date fiasco.
and a plan is made!! but it's kind of a stupid one!! but dean doesn't care!!
“How am I supposed to trust that?” Dean shrugs his arm from Cas’ grasp. “How the hell do I know that when things get tough, you won’t cut and run again?”
“It affects me too, Dean! Get your head out of your ass!”
It’s a blow on his self esteem, but Dean licks his wounds and tries to move past it. He’s been rejected before. He can deal.
“So why does Heaven take soulmates so seriously?” Dean asks as he deposits a plate of burger and fries in front of Castiel.
Dean talks about his students, all the while smiling wildly at Castiel.
“She was just being nice.”
“No—Dad just lost it over the fact Cas was a cupid and,” Dean looks at Mary hesitantly, “he was rambling about the fact that no cupid came to help his marriage. Even though Cas is down here helping me with my soulmate issue.”
Dean keeps up the ‘no language’ ruse later when they run into Charlie, the kindergarten art teacher. Castiel knows that she is Anna’s charge immediately once Charlie introduces herself and extends her hand in greeting, the hemp friendship bracelet that Anna made when Charlie was four dangling from her wrist.
he doesn’t say.
“I want to believe you, Castiel: that the reason is as throw-away as that.”
Dean traveled back up Cas’s neck, punctuating his displeasure with kisses. He couldn’t help but smile against Cas’s lips. They softly broke away, their foreheads resting against each other. Dean ran his hands up and down Cas’s arms, his hands shaky.
Above him, the Empty and Gabriel roared as they clashed—
Dean still dreamed about it, even now: the sounds of a sorrowful string section bursting through the car, and the contented smile on Cas’s face.
About a month after Cas was taken by the Empty, Dean caught sight of Sibelius’s complete works in a CD box set during a hunt while questioning a bookstore owner. He bought it quickly when Sam went out to the car.
“See, that’s where you’re wrong. We don’t.” Dean squints in the dark, sees a hobbling figure approaching the barn, a familiar and stolen spell book in his hands. “Knew it was him.”
-Walden, Henry David Thoreau
how I was after you… after—” He gripped the railing tight. “You saw how I was.”
“Novak,” Dean groans into the fabric. “I’m gonna text him, but he won’t text me back, because who would text back a psychopath that just randomly calls your childhood best friend’s phone number—”
“You’re kind even when the world isn’t kind to you. You were kind to Jack, to Sam, to Claire, to me—” Dean let out a sharp breath. “You changed me, too, Cas. Just by being you.”
“No, Cas, listen.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “I’m trying to ask you out, okay? On a date.”
One of Dean’s vibrant green eyes looks at him from between his fingertips. He grins. “You’re something else, you know that?”
Dean continues to stare at him, expectantly. “So… you got her number or something?”
“My grace will make sure nothing happens to your real body while you’re not inhabiting it,” Jack added. “I can’t guarantee the safety of your new body, but it’ll be antimatter resistant, I hope.”
“Like the dozens of people you ‘took it slow’ with before, Dean?” Sam teases.
The portal was in the middle of a giant cornfield on the edge of town. Corn stalks were scattered across the black and scorched earth, the debris radiating from a centerpoint in the field.  Two figures stood in the middle of the wreckage as the car pulled up.
“Cas.” Dean takes a breath before he continues. “I carried around that damn note all year just to remind myself how little I was worth it in exchange for losing your grace. I carried it around like a damn trophy, like it somehow proved everything my dad ever said to me: that I wasn’t worth a dime, or any sacrifice, or anything. That it proved that the future-you I saw in Zachariah's future hated me because you were human, or blamed me. But you know what? Fuck that note.”
“A cupid,” Charlie murmurs thoughtfully, “you must feel like a fish out of water, going from big old guardian to cupid.”
Cas hitches a gasp when he feels Dean’s hands trail under his shirt, across the bare skin of his stomach. Dean says, close and lowly in his ear, “I kept thinking of what we would be if we weren’t faking, Cas. The whole week. Because it wasn’t fake for me—not for a goddamn minute.”
But Cas laughs, miraculously, and says, “Must be. Do you still live in town?”
"Yeah, because I don't know what the hell you're talking about."
Never cold if I’m next to you, angel, Dean would say. Cas’s nose would wrinkle as he gave him that gummy smile.
“Are you—for shit’s sake. Be right back, don’t go anywhere.” Jody worked her way around chairs and paper piles on the floor to Claire, who handed her the phone.
Dean goes to the front door, picks up Castiel’s shoes and throws them into Castiel’s chest. Castiel barely catches them. “I gave you a chance, but now you’re just being a pain in my ass.”
Cas remained staring in the distance.
“My date with Lisa is tonight. I totally forgot that it’s Friday. I’m supposed to pick her up in an hour.”
Chuck’s voice sneered.
“I’m not,” Dean said through gritted teeth.
“I guess.” Faith stops and jams her hands into her jean pockets. She looks out to the lake. “You know, I think those people that were murdered; that they were already dead.”
“Okay, geez. You don’t have to get bitchy.” Sam sighs. “I have some info on what’s going on in Sioux Falls, if you wanna hear it.”
“What the fuck is that?” Dean hisses.
“We’ll get whatever food we find,” Dean declares. He scoops his keys off the bedside table and rolls from the bed, onto his feet. “Let’s just drive.”
the note.
“On how to be a hermit in the woods?”
“We don’t
Dean frowns. Grabs Cas’s hand and winds his fingers tight around him. “Don’t leave tonight.”
!” Dean exclaims, throwing out an arm, gesturing between them. “Be your friend, just smile and pretend that—” He cuts himself off with a frustrated growl. “What’s even the point? This was a mistake.”
Cas let out a small laugh. “I’m dreaming? Dean, what—”
Silence. Dean whispers to Cas, “You go around the corner through the back, get her at gunpoint. I’ll keep her distracted.”
“Oh, I’m done planning,” Dean snaps. He pats the outline of his gun under his jacket. “We’re going there armed to the teeth and ganking that bitch.”
The police officer leads them down a hallway, depositing them in the main room of the morgue, where he assured them the medical examiner would be with them shortly.
He also tries not to focus on the dry coarseness of Cas’ hands against his, too, but that’s also wholly unsuccessful.
“Indeed.” Cas hands Dean the cash; Dean puts it right into the till. He stopped counting it months ago.
“How about you tell us what you’re talking about, Gabe,” Sam cut in as Dean straightened, ready to launch over the table and grab Gabriel by the throat, “in
He falls back onto his pillow and threads his hands through each other to rest on his chest. He stares at the ceiling. There is a small ache in his forehead. If he were fully human, he would have a much bigger headache to complain about from the residual effects of how much alcohol he drank last night.
Her limbs that held Cas' throat in a bind shudder and break like clay, falling at their feet. Cas falls to his knees. Dean topples down with him, holding his shoulders. “Cas? Cas, you okay?”
“It’s okay.” Dean pulls Cas to him, against his chest. “It’s okay, Cas.”
Cas hums musingly. His fingers trail lightly, not touching, over the grey skin of the victim’s neck. “But no blood loss.”
Cas took a step closer, his gaze intent. “And I think you need to trust me when I say I don’t blame you. How could I, when… when you inspired me to choose free will in the first place.” His face softened. “Loving you isn’t a tragedy, Dean.”
too into the fact that there was a fountain indoors. And he dragged me to every freaking store under the sun before he found ‘the perfect gift’—which, as you probably remember, was that ugly cat that looked like it got run over by a car a couple of times.” Dean smiled, despite himself, ignoring the burn at his chest. “He wouldn’t let me talk him out of getting it. And afterwards I bought him a soft pretzel because he wouldn’t stop asking me questions about ‘em.”
“The organization putting on this festival.” She gives him a look. “How else did you know this festival was happening? There’s posters all over town.”
The man straightened, his glare deepening. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Well, hit me with one of them,” Dean says, matching Castiel’s stride. He jabs a friendly elbow into Castiel’s side. “Besides the fact that you’re a total rebel.”
Castiel hums in appreciation. Not wanting Dean to leave his space, he grabs a book blindly off the shelf and holds it up for Dean to see. “Have you read this one yet?”
For the first time since becoming human, Cas wakes up slowly.
“Hey, Cas,” he says, trying to sound as casual as a rejected man can.
“Bye, Sam,” Cas says too loudly into the phone, earning an exasperated sound from Dean.
He lays there, eyes heavy, drifting in and out of sleep until dawn peeks through the window shades. Although not an angel, Cas still notices the stirrings of Dean waking: his eyelashes fluttering, his breath catching, his fingers curling against the bedsheets. Cas is frozen with indecision as to stay or to go.
it,” he says again, voice echoing off the tiles.
“Get ready, if you wanna get on boaed,” Dean said, clicking his fingers at Sam as he twisted around toward the door. Miracle scrambled to his feet and followed close behind to the bunker’s stairs.
“A shocking rule,” Cas grumbles.
"She wouldn't have what, Cas?" Dean asks in a careful tone.
“Dean, you have to calm down," says Anna's voice. "The more distressed you are, the more he’s going to try to wake up.” He feels something tangible, finally: Anna lightly putting her hand on his chest—his graceless, empty chest—and in a whisper urging him to go back to sleep. He feels warmth—painful warmth—before falling back into the darkness.
He didn’t mean for it to happen.
“That’s better,” the Empty declared. It stepped around Dean, nimbly dodging a swipe of Dean’s angel blade. With another flick of its wrist, tendrils of black ooze shot out from behind its back, grasping Dean’s wrists and holding him in place.
Dean pulls into the driveway of his house; Castiel hadn’t even noticed their arrival. “Fine, be that way,” he mutters as he slams the car into park and angrily takes his keys out of the ignition.
“Cas, seriously. Let’s just chalk it up to the fact that we were both shitty at adjusting.” Dean shakes his head when Cas opens his mouth to say more, cutting in with, “I don’t want to talk about…
“Could have been a proximity curse,” Dean says, rubbing his eye with the heel of his hand. “Explains why I got better when I left the house.”
“Just a second!” calls a voice from somewhere amongst the shelves. There’s a crash that follows.
The boys all shook their heads but one. Dean gestured to him. “Spit it out, kid.”
“Maybe.” Castiel adjusts the bag in his arms. “Goodbye, Dean. Fluffy,” he adds, nodding at the cat who is ignoring the situation, and instead is stretching to great lengths in order to lick her backside.
The soft, but unmistakable sound of a floorboard creak below them makes them pause. Dean meets Cas’ wide blue eyes, as alert and frozen as he is.
The handprint on his skin burns hotter.
She waves her hand, turning from him to transfer the books to a metal cart behind her desk. “You spend too much time worrying about your father, Dean. Let me handle him.”
A bubble in one of the pools popped, splashing on Dean’s face. He wiped it off his cheek, wincing at the burn. “But it didn’t succeed. The tear’s been around for months, ever since Jack tried to save Cas. We would’ve been blown to kingdom come by now if it got what it wanted.”
“I can only take so much of you intensely looking at me while I teach,” Dean explains, faking a shudder. “It’s creepy, man.”
Dean pulled back, his gun in the air. With a sharp jab, he whipped the pistol across Chuck’s face. Chuck cried out, holding his nose, dropping to the ground.
“No. You told me I could pick the music.”
Sam nods, taking a sip of his coffee. “Yeah, I remember that one. You asked about it at the bridge, remember?”
“Huh?”
As always with Claire, he couldn’t help but smile back.
you know how in elementary school, when it was your birthday, you brought cookies for the whole class? well, this is my version of that - a chapter for you guys on my birthday :D sorry it's not fluffy or sweet like a cookie.
“No sign of Dean?” Castiel asks, carefully skirting past her insult.
Nodding, apparently satisfied, Castiel sits back on his heels. He says informatively, “I believe I’m drunk.”
As usual, he listlessly goes through the motions: stretching his sore muscles, brushing the sleepy film off his teeth, splashing cold water onto his face. He walks to his backpack to gather his things and pack; he’s halfway through when he realizes what he’s doing. Staring at the tattered book he was about to put into his backpack, he shakes his head and gusts a frustrated sigh.
“No,” Sam said as Dean opened his mouth to speak, “food first.”
“Done,” he announces with a huge yawn.
“Okay. Sorry.” He hears Charlie take a deep breath. “You’re falling under the spell. You know, crushing on him? I believe the scientific term is twitterpated.”
“You take the silver bullets, I’ll take the knife,” Dean says, voice competing with the banging of the rain against Baby’s windshield. “Probably wouldn’t hurt to get the wooden stake out of the trunk too.”
Cas smiles;
“I was going to wait until you shut up,” Gabriel said, wiping the black sludge off his face, “but I think I got all I need to know.”
Naomi raises a skeptical eyebrow. “And what are your reasons?”
“Oh, yeah, well. Uh. I was just wondering—does Cas Novak still live there?”
“Okay, you goddamn monster,” Bob hisses, pushing Dean forward. “You and your partner, or whatever the fuck you call each other, are both gonna die, but I’ll give you the option for him to die slowly or quickly. You just gotta put the gun down.”
Dean’s eyes are sparkling—is it even possible for human eyes to do such a thing?—as he leans toward Castiel’s face. “Or maybe I’m flirting for the sake of flirting,” he says, voice pitched to a deep sultry tone.
“He had a gun to your head, and I couldn’t—” He stops and scrubs a hand through his hair. “He could have pulled that trigger and I wouldn’t be able to heal you, save you—”
, then what’s your big plan? You just toss your grace all over the place and I sprint off into—nothing?” Dean held out his arms for emphasis.
Cas, looking like he swallowed something bitter, nods. “I understand.”
Cas took a firm step forward, his fingers brushing against Dean’s arm. It stilled Dean’s whirlwind of thoughts, suspending them.
“Yeah,” he said, nodding. Pale golden light filtered in through the bedroom window, casting warmth on his face. It almost felt like hope. “Yeah, let’s do this.”
“That’s because it was a good plan,” Cas said. His gaze didn’t leave Dean’s as he said it. Dean tampered the surge of pride in his chest.
“Okay, good, that’s—that’s good.” Sam smiled, looking distant for a moment before blinking back into reality. “So… okay. Eileen. She found a news article dated a couple of days ago reporting a forest fire in Ocala National Forest. In Florida.”
The hall is still empty; Cas can hear muted voices in the living room. He half drags, half walks Dean toward the front door.
“It’s your soul I fell in love with, Dean.”
“I had not,” Castiel says, schooling his expression to remain dispassionate.
After Dean yanks on a pair of jeans, and Cas pulls on a hoodie over his crazy bed hair, they pile into the Impala to go the grocery store.
“You don’t know that.”
for no reason, you got that? She left and took my boys. And where was Heaven, huh? Where were you bastards when my family up and abandoned me, even though you fuckers assign us soulmates that are supposed to stay with us forever? Huh?” He reaches forward and shakes Castiel’s arm violently. “Where the
please enjoy this lil scene of Dean and Cas finally seeing eye to eye before we go back to our regularly scheduled angst.
Before Dean could start swearing and losing his temper at her, Castiel grumbled in the seat next to him, “I hope her bladder was worth the danger.”
Dean sniffed, trying to get himself under control. “I’ve missed you so much. And I didn’t—I didn’t
Dean’s had better weekends.
his soulmate, and he didn’t care. The more he ignored his soulmate’s presence in the world, the less it seemed that he would ever get in contact with them at all. He eventually forgot about the notion of soulmates altogether, except for the times when Sam or his mom would nag him about it.
,” Dean said exasperatedly, pointing between them. “Sittin’ here, watching movies, you eating my food every night, like… aren’t you going crazy?”
“Just keeping my cover better than you, dear,” May says in her familiarly fake sing-song tone.
Castiel rolls his eyes but follows Dean to the living room anyway. Dean dumps the bourbon and shot glasses onto the coffee table.
Dean hastily wipes his damp hands against his jeans before unfolding the note. He scans his eyes quickly over the text:
“Dean—” Cas bit out.
when he was four and I had to sit and watch that slipper get lost and that stupid princess get her prince about twenty times a day.”
“Cease talking,” Castiel says in one breath, surging forward and kissing Dean fiercely in the next.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean—”
Dean tries not to let it creep in, as he’s trudging down the streets of the neighborhood—for a second time, just not in the dead of the night with a 5-inch flashlight this time—at how useless this potentially is. That Faith could have squirelled Cas away literally anywhere, and they had no warm trail, no way of knowing where the hell she took him.
“So you know who we are,” Sam says.
Sam raised his head, frowning. “Hey, what are you saying about me?”
“You all have to quit the goddamn Gollum riddles before I lose it,” Dean snapped.
Finally, Dean stretches out his arm with a loud yawn. “Read to your heart’s content?” he asks Castiel.
Dean smiles back. “Can’t make burgers in the wild, Cas. Had to go back home to my stove.”
“Did he say what would happen if he failed?”
“Well, I did have an exemplary role model in learning it.”
“I told you that I had feelings for someone,” Cas prompts.
“I can see now why the sudden disappearance of people would upset you.”
“Strange, that your brother is so against the idea of a soulmate while you are sensible and open to it,” Castiel observes.
Cas clears his throat. “Is there anyone… that you suspect?”
“I’ll pass,” Dean scoffed. “I value my life too much.”
“Why the hell would it be irritating?”
wasn’t pretty.”
“This is my assignment; why I was sent to Earth in the first place.” Castiel carefully rinses a plate and sets it onto a towel lying on the counter. “In fact, I was first assigned to Lisa, Dean’s soulmate. Then I was redirected to Dean by Heaven’s orders.”
,” Eileen said, emphatically tapping the table. “It has to do with the antimatter.”
“I think you’ve thought about it, but that your head’s somewhere else.”
Walking to the counter next to Dean, Sam leaned against it and crossed his arms, feigning thoughtfulness. “You said he was a stoner,” he said over the harsh running of water, “and that he stuck by you in battle, despite being messed up. Also, he was pretty much human; and had been for a while. Right?”
stupid,” Sam agreed, helping Eileen to her feet.
Charlie scoffs. “When it comes to his love life, Dean’s one of the most private people I know. He doesn’t tell anyone anything around here. I’m one of his better friends, and not even
Sam finds it before Dean does; he’s always had better eyes than him. It’s situated across the lake, tucked into a parking lot on the south side. It sits dormant and clearly has not been open for months.
For one, Dean Winchester is most definitely straight, if the string of girls that have paraded through their apartment over the years is anything to go by.
Through the violent shivers, Castiel nods in affirmation.
“I think it’s popular on this website for people to show their animals that they raise. I believe this woman has what’s called a ‘hobby farm’.”
“It could have been real.” Cas takes in a hitched breath. Before Dean can react, Cas’ face is buried into Dean’s shoulder. Dean suppresses a shiver as Cas’ lips lightly ghost the skin under Dean’s collar—it’s probably not even intentional on Cas’ part. Giving into the urge, Dean leans his head against Cas’, ignoring the excitement skittering across his skin at prolonged contact with his friend.
it. Being with Eileen, it… it makes me care about the world like I never have before. Little things, like—like how good breakfast tastes or the way the sun feels. Even down to how green trees can get.”
His breathing still erratic, Dean lets Castiel lead him to the couch. Once Dean is sitting, staring aimlessly at the floor, Castiel turns over his palms and rolls up his sleeves to check for any injuries.
“Congratulations,” Castiel says to Sam.
Dean’s jaw worked, searching for an answer. “Well. Not exactly.”
Castiel nods. When he remembers that she can’t see him, he reiterates, “I promise that I will.” He sees Dean jogging toward the car, unzipped jacket billowing from the strong September gale. “I have to go.”
“I just can’t believe he’d do that,” Mary mutters, mostly to herself. “I
Dean remembers the number as soon as he reads it: 555-9875. Cas had told Dean that if they ever get in trouble, or move away, they have to remember each other’s phone numbers so the other person can help. “Even when we’re adults!” Cas proclaimed from atop the slide, arms outstretched before he tumbled off the side (he did that a lot, climbing to high places, and making Dean’s too small heart already having premature attacks from fear).
flash—“ She cuts off her sentence when Dean gives her a simmering glare. “All right, all right.”
Dean convinces himself that he’s imagining it, the way that Cas seems reluctant to let his arm go.
The black nothingness of the Empty was gone, replaced by dark, still shapes. His eyes adjusted to the grey tones of the cracked ground and the shriveled tendrils of plants dead under his feet.
“And the bathroom always smells like her perfume. It’s disgusting.”
Cas nods miserably. “I didn’t mean…”
“Honestly, Sam, don’t you have a corporation to sue for mowing over a flower or something?”
“And he recognized that you were the…
“Oh.” Cas shrugs. “I don’t see the issue, Dean. And if we can get the locals’ trust, how is that a problem?”
are you doing here?” Dean shook Chuck by his collar, pressing him harder into the wall. “Huh? You do all this? You made that cave disappear?”
“Not important, huh.” Dean puts hands on his hips, shakes his head and laughs humorlessly at the ground. He begins to pace, running a hand through his hair. “‘Not important.’ You got some nerve, you know that? Fucking
Because of all this, it took Sam awhile to get the courage to ask about it.
He doesn’t get any further. Dean’s already stepping forward, taking Cas’ head in his hands, pulling him forward to meet his lips. Cas makes a small noise of surprise, and returns it with equal enthusiasm, his hands coming up to run through Dean’s hair.
"Yes." Cas sighs. "Claire was living in Minnesota with her foster family. She had just started her junior year of high school. Her foster parents gave her a car to have more freedom. This unsupervised freedom made her... irresponsible with how she spent her time."
“There’s no food in the house. You looked there earlier.”
“Yes. And I’m sorry about that. As soon as Amara merged with me and I became god, it just… everything felt like it was exploding.” He pressed his fingers into his temple, frowning. “Every voice, every soul… every problem on Earth… it all hit me at once. Like I had to go… solve everything. I couldn’t silence it.”
He shook and shuddered as usual. When the sobs subsided he took a few healthy shots of whiskey to calm himself down, since Sam wasn’t there to bitch at him for it. Sitting at the edge of the bed, he buried his face into his hands, breathing heavily.
“I think he wants to apologize,” Sam continues, “Which for Dean is … well, frankly, a minor miracle. So don’t pass up this opportunity, okay?”
“Yeah, probably.”
“And don’t give me that bullshit that he wanted to hunt and I wouldn’t let him, or whatever. I know it was my fault. I didn’t do right by him, and he left.”
“I know Cas, I know. And I’ll answer the question, but… can I get a little drunker first?” He looks up and sees Castiel’s troubled eyes looking at him. Dean knows why he asked the question in the first place; he wants to know how to get Dean over the soulmate problem. For his job. Certainly not out of any concern for Dean in the first place.
“I’m not saying that just
Claire’s eyes briefly met Dean’s. Dean offered a small motion with his hand. She glared in return. Kaia, seeing Dean, pulled her hand out of the family-size Doritos chip bag to wave back with a big smile.
“Interesting.” Cas frowns at his boots. The victims being reclusive could explain the Vetala’s affinity for them. No one would immediately know that they’re missing, so they could feed as needed without getting caught. The same logic with married couples: if both are killed, then neither will report the other missing as quickly.
, I am not going to be observed by anybody, for anything, you hear me? Especially not for this whole soulmate crap.” He begins to shut the door.
“Wait.” Cas pulled against Dean’s hands, shaking his head. Dean’s heart plummeted for a split second before Cas said, exasperated, “My knees, as a human…”
Cas blinks at him in response. “How?”
“O-kay.” Dean fidgets with his hands. “I know we’ve talked about kids before. And we haven’t landed on anything. But don’t feel pressure, okay, Cas? It’s just humans makin’ small talk. You don’t—”
After the temporary relief of seeing his older brother alive had passed, Sam took in Dean’s closed eyes, his ashy pallor. Dean wasn’t all right; hadn’t been for months.
He’d just have to live with that.
Dean smiled. “Yeah. He was trying to win a teddy bear for Claire.”
he acted like a looney toon the whole time. It wasn’t Cas. And what happened, when I saw him….” Dean stopped mid-sentence, glaring at the floor. “It doesn’t matter, okay? Whatever crazy shit happened in that future, it didn’t mean anything.”
Cas stands in alarm. “What, now? Just an hour ago you couldn’t even walk.”
Sensing that Dean’s thoughts are floating away from him into a dark place, Castiel does something he knows he shouldn’t do. He places his hand over Dean’s, which is laying on his knee. Dean looks up at him with wide eyes but doesn’t protest.
Castiel tries to smile encouragingly when Dean gives him a thumbs-up, still chatting to Lisa over the receiver. The mug feels heavy between his hands.
“No, you
“This body matches the description of the man who was most recently killed,” Cas informs Dean.
Cas shrugged.
“Anna!” he exclaims, pleasantly surprised.
Sam sighs. “Dean—”
Dean raises his hands defensively. “Sure, fine. But I know what I’m doing, okay? I’ve been doing this for almost three decades. You’ve been doing it for three seconds.”
Dean sat across from them, beer in hand, exchanging fond eyerolls with Claire as Cas asked which one the ‘a’ button was on the controller. He kept his eyes trained on Cas, soaking him in. The color was back in his face, and although his clothes were more wrinkled and his hair a little messier than when he was an angel, he was starting to look like regular old Cas.
“The Empty’s only
“And if there
“Demoted?”
Castiel opens his mouth to answer, then shuts it again. He studies her coolly blank face, her fake indifference to the situation. He wonders if this is why Charlie and every other teacher in the lounge are unusually absent. “Anna, what is going on?”
Dean knows. Doesn’t need the reminder.
Looking between them, Cas frowns. “I’m not sure what activities there are to do as a human.”
“That’s bullshit,” Dean said against Cas’s bare skin, making him shiver. “That’s such complete bullshit.”
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean whispers, absentmindedly trailing his fingers across Castiel’s back. “Everything’s okay. I’m okay.”
“Shut
“And I’ve been a human for barely a year,” he snaps back.
(did you catch the easter egg I added in this chapter?)
“Yeah. Now eat.”
“I kept getting distracted because I kept seeing
Castiel watches him retreat into the hallway, finding that his shivering is already subsiding. He can’t feel his toes, but he supposes that feeling will return eventually.
Cas narrows his eyes. “I hadn’t thought that far ahead.”
Sam throws his hands in the air. “Fine, Dean, I’m sorry—is that what you want me to say? The damage is done, though, so now we need a plan.”
Time heals, the old adage boasted; it was true. The hole in his chest, still there and bleeding, became easier to ignore. His drinking slowed enough so that he was sober during the day to distract himself with unusual hunts that may give him leads on how to get into the Empty. He ate more than a few bites at dinner with Eileen and Sam. Months after losing Cas, he even found himself smiling at one of Sam’s really bad jokes.
“I know the feeling,” Castiel says with a sigh. He leans into Dean’s lips as they move to his neck, gently mouthing the skin behind his ear—
“Ah-ha, that’s what he said too!” Richard proclaims, wagging a finger. “You two are peas in the pod.”
He loves the isolation more than he should. He calls in sick to work the first week. Then the next. It morphs into him writing a truncated email to his boss announcing his resignation. He deactivates his email after that.
“You mean you’ve been outside all this time?” Dean asks, feeling an edge of anger in his tone.
Sam’s long, defeated sigh followed him down the hallway.
Dean stopped when he got to the doorway. Standing in the middle of the room, hands at his sides and a hesitant look on his face, was Jack. He held up a hand to wave in that familiar and awkward way. “Hey, Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. I’ll call her up, see if she’s free.”
“Which is why you need to think about her feelings before you do anything irrational,” Sam says solemnly.
There was a heavy, deathly silence that hung over them. Sam blinked back hot tears.  He knew there was no reasoning with Dean when he was like this; no hope of it.
Dean waits a moment until they’re out of earshot. “Something feels off,” he quietly says to Cas.
“No,” Cas grits out. “No, I—I know that leaving was a mistake, that it doesn’t solve anything.”
“It might know that we’re hunters,” Dean says. “Lying low for safety.”
something to feed on in you—I know how to draw it out. I’ve been in Castiel’s mind, and he knows you… very intimately. Your greatest fears, your worst regrets… And trust me.” Its face morphed; John Winchester’s lips curled into a smile. “That would be
Quickly, he ran a hand across the cracks, smoothing them out with a blue glow before falling to his knees, breathing heavy and fast. Cold pressed in at his bones; he wrapped his trenchcoat around himself, shivering.
“Of course.” Castiel turns to the sink, resuming his task of washing the dishes.
“Oh, no, my Saturdays are just really busy. I teach yoga classes pretty much all day.”
“But you seem really happy with Dean, so obviously, I was very off track.”
a very traitorous voice says in the back of Dean’s mind. He clears his throat. “Fine, not the… big feelings, anyway. But if you are pissed off at your breakfast or something you can tell me about it.”
They run away past the concessions and away from the field, blinking and adjusting their eyes in the sunlight. The street on either side of them is empty.
Licking his dry lips (Sam made a note to get chapstick at his next drug store run), Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed. “I told you that Cas was human, in the future. That he was a stoner and a…” He visibly shuddered. “A hippie.”
Cas hesitates, blinking at him, obviously forgetting their relationship facade. “Oh. Yes. Darling.”
tipsy, because he barely notices that Cas catches Dean staring at him. He barely even realizes that he’s openly staring until Cas asks, “Dean, are these books yours?”
Dean grinned. Tapped at Cas’s nose. “To start the movie. And make out with you the whole time.”
“Cas?” Dean asks, hopefully, his tired face hinting at a smile.
Dean Winchester glares at his hand as if it offends him, then snarling, “I need a drink.” He turns on his heel and stalks toward the bar.
. come yell at me : )
“Can’t be trusted as far as we can throw him,” Dean said. “Sure, he was turning over a new leaf last we saw him, but we don’t know what happened in the Empty. Or even if Gabriel is, I dunno, Gabriel.”
“I just wanted to know if you felt like… talking about anything.”
Cas hummed. “How’s that?”
“Not really.”
Dean gapes. Raises a finger. “Your little—”
At Jody’s beckoning hand, Eileen launched into an explanation of Gabriel’s escape from the Empty, and the antimatter from that alternate world that could leak from the portals. Dean edged toward the kitchen; he wasn’t sure if he could handle another explanation again without imagining the Empty’s black tar wrapping around Cas as it swallowed him whole.
“I don’t think we’re convincing people that we’re in a relationship.”
‘Probably PTSD’ is how the therapist described him. He didn’t give her the details, in case she’d add ‘clinically insane’ to her list of things wrong with him; but after a few sessions, he finally admitted that a friend had died in front of him.
“I don’t like this,” Dean declares.
“Yeah, a fucking stupid one.” Dean clenches and unclenches his fist against his coat, feeling the imprint of the knife underneath it. “The self-sacrificial bullshit you pull is getting old, you know.”
He’d have to brush up on the angel warding. He broke some of them a few years ago, when Cas was visiting the bunker more. But it wouldn’t matter now, with Cas being the human he was. Jack wouldn’t be able to visit, but it was a sacrifice they’d have to make. Dean could try to give Cas some lessons in self-defense, too. As an angel he could take a few stabs and not get hurt. As a human…
Dean whistles. “Fun topic.”
“You seriously don’t know how to use a smartphone? It’s 2014, Cas.”
“You thought I was hurt?” Cas asks.
don’t need Sam. I need to call him. I need to tell him to check on Mom, see if she’s…” Dean buries his face into his hands, groaning, “Oh, God.”
He adjusts his sweatshirt (a drastic change from his usual suit) and gives them both a nod. “I’ll be contacting you about our next meeting. Until then, I hope that you can stay and talk a few things out amongst yourselves.”
But something is keeping them open, forcing him to see memories that are both his and not:
Dean shifts in his seat. “First grade.”
sighed the voice in his head, gravelly and deep.
Dean stumbled back in surprise as Crowley pushed open the door. He clenched his fists, glaring at Crowley as he sauntered by. “Goddamn son of a bitch,” he growled, knowing that he wouldn’t be heard. He opened the passenger door again and slid into the seat, looking at Cas, who stared despondently down at the mixtape.
, Cas. He treated you no better than the guys he gets into random brawls with at bars. You don’t deserve that shit.”
Dean takes a steadying breath. “You know… you’re different, Cas. You’re… I dunno. You seem more comfortable in your own skin. Before, it was pretty bad. Back in the bunker.”
fun.”
“You don’t say,” says Dean.
Silence hung heavy over the table. Dean took a sharp last sip of whiskey before slamming it down onto the table.
“Why?”
“Just… “ Dean attempts for a serious face. The last thing he wants is an irritated Cas. He pokes at Cas’ baseball cap, disturbing the already-messy bedhair underneath. “Just, lose the cap, okay? It’s too jock-meets-nerdy-professor.”
“Yeah, I really like it so far.” Dean taps the cover. “Normally books from this time period bore me, but I like his writing style.”
He’s beautiful, Dean thinks, and is struck mute with the thought.
He points his gun at the unmoving figure. “Fuck,” he bites out again, taking a moment to catch his breath. He turns to find Cas—
“Uh, well. As far as I know, it’s about how much you value something. And what price you’re willing to pay to keep it. Whatever that cost is.” Sam shrugged, scrunched his face against the wind. It made his eyes water. “At least, I think that’s what it means.”
“In a cave. Well, sort of a cave. There was a landslide down the hill a couple of months ago.”
“Oh.”
the message says.
Dean bit at the inside of his cheek—hard.
Dean throws his hands up with exasperation. “Suit yourself.” He flicks his keys around his finger before he spins on his heel to walk toward the front porch.
“Yeah. Either meaning they eat alone or, what I think is more likely, that they mean they eat loneliness. It’s weird, I know.”
“Cas.” Dean shifts from foot to foot. “Uh, there’s one more thing that… I think we should practice.”
“Yeah. The cupid told me. Well,
After a few tense moments, Cas reaches to lightly circle his hand around Dean’s clenched hands. He says firmly, “Dean. Look.”
Castiel smiles. He pulls his hand back; as he does, Dean grabs it, just as firmly and decisively as he did while riding in the ambulance just hours before.
Dean turns to Cas. “Dude. I want to punch her.”
Cas does his signature head tilt. Apparently, the concept of friendship confuses him. “Dean, I have a proposition,” Castiel says slowly.
Castiel looks up to see Dean frowning down at his beer. “If you think about it,” Castiel says carefully, “everyone has a soulmate that they will pair with eventually. If one marries someone who isn’t their soulmate, the theory is that either the relationship will dissolve, or one person will find their soulmate and leave the other, regardless of the relationship.”
Cas’ face relaxes into a smile. “Oh.” He pulls the note across the counter; clutches it. “That sounds. Well, wonderful, actually.”
Dean nodded in agreement, his fingers drumming against his beer bottle. Angels after Cas, out for revenge, while he was too human and too depowered to protect himself. He itched at his chest.
The puddle of black ooze rippled, almost an invitation to find out.
“You’re no fun,” Dean mutters, taking the top off of the shoebox. He pauses.
His fingers dancing across Dean’s arms, eliciting a shiver, Cas said, “I’ve loved my time with you, Dean. Our days together have been
“Dean?” Sam pries.
“So you were a real angel bad boy?”
The cave was gone.
Cas shifted on the mattress. He held out a hand toward Dean, hesitantly. “I could heal the effects of your possible hangover?”
Dean raises his eyebrow skeptically. “Really? After just one date?”
“Get some sleep,” Gabriel said, addressing Dean. “Four hours should be enough. I’ll… go see if I can look into that portal. Find a path.”
Cas has been gone for more than 12 hours.
“Pretending that you— “
“You see yourself the same way Chuck sees you. An instrument, a tool—broken.” Dean paused, licking his lips. “You think that’s who you are—a sacrifice. But it’s not.”
He opened his eyes.
Well, Dean has a lot of things to say about
“All right.” Dean catches sight of Cas’ frowning face, lip bitten in thought, as Dean turns to back Baby out of the driveway. “You know, grappling with technology has been one of the hardest things about becoming human.”
Dean sits heavily at his kitchen table, forking a mouthful of food into his mouth. He glares warily at Castiel as he chews. “If I say I don’t want this whole soulmate shit, will you just… poof away? Leave me alone?”
Blue eyes looks up from where he’s putting his leather bag on the desk. “What?”
He finds that despite the illogical situation, he can’t help but smile back.
“Sure doesn’t look like it.”
But maybe his heart rate was only fast from the exercise, and his lightheaded, dizzy feeling was him not having enough to eat or the heat getting to him.
Chuck mocked in his mind. “But it’s my fault,” Dean said softly. “You went to the Empty to save me, and I couldn’t even get you out in one piece. I told you to pick that third option, and look what it got you.”
Castiel, attempting to keep his voice neutral, says, “Even if my job is not done, you are welcome to tell me to leave your house at anytime, Dean.”
Dean had grabbed a bottle of whiskey from the war room’s cupboard and poured himself a glass. Jack was sitting at the opposite end of the table with his hands clasped in front of him, looking at anything but Dean.
Dean frowns, pulling on his jacket. Truth is, he doesn’t care. He’s not even thinking about the food, which is a frightening first. There’s just something about the house, about the fake marriage that they’ve created, that is both so great yet so repressing that Dean feels like he needs to strike a sense of balance again. Get into Baby, drive some miles with Cas beside him, like it used to be.
“Didn’t even know Heaven had computers,” Castiel says thoughtfully.
“No, I—I didn’t sense him at all,” Jack said, shaking his head. “Not even a bit of his grace. It was like he… disappeared.”
“You know, I don’t think my brother sacrificed himself just for you to drink yourself stupid every night.” He smiled pleasantly in response to Dean’s glare.  “Too on the nose?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas pauses. “The computer. I’m afraid it’s broken again.”
“It’s between
“Well, for Dean, the jury’s still out on that one…” Sam murmurs into his coffee mug, a small grin on his face.
“Very well,” Cas says. “After breakfast.”
all right. so. there is an 80% chance that i will need to take a "gap week" so to speak as i work on the next batch of chapters. for some reason dean's time in the empty is VERY MUCHO DIFFICULT specifically because it's a) very emotional and b) 5 out of 6 of my family members got covid this past month which really stalled my writing time (everyone's okay thankfully, it's just been A Month lol).
“Are you ready to go?”
of bars the last few weeks, and I mean a
They sit draped in silence for a few long moments. “When did May tell us to be there?” Dean asks.
With a jerky nod, Dean grabs onto Cas’ arm and leans into him for support. He looks paler, sicker.
Dean is texting a bitchy response to Sam, to get him to stop worrying about him, when Cas says, “Dean, I have a question.”
“Silence.” She waves a hand and he is unable to speak. “Anyway, Castiel, you have nothing to bargain with. The mission is far from a success. What I’ve heard from your superiors is that you are not quite done with connecting Dean Winchester and his soulmate.”
Dean looked down at his untouched plate of scrambled eggs and toast. “More coffee?”
“You’re taking the bed,” is Cas’ firm reply. He guides Dean up the stairs and to the bedroom, only letting go when Dean flops onto the duvet.
Dean pulled back to stare at Cas. After a moment, they both broke into smiles. “Boy, sweetheart, are we a pair,” Dean said.
, as well as countless others. These all seemed to be the kinds of books that Dean would have read and enjoyed. Castiel imagines a young Dean with a paperback copy of
“Yeah. You convinced me, okay? I’ll give it a chance.”
Cas tilted his head toward the water below. His voice was so quiet, Sam almost didn’t catch his words. “When I had my wings, I could jump from this height. I wouldn’t fall; I would just go up in the air, rising, to wherever I wanted to go.”
Dean scrambles off Cas, helping him sit up. "You okay?"
“Hang on,” Eileen said, holding up a hand. “Are you saying that the Empty could somehow make the world
Dean finds Cas where he usually does—on the back porch, perched on the deck’s railing, staring up at the stars. Dean’s made the inane comment before that Cas must like it back here because he can look up at Heaven—to which Cas of course responded, coolly, that Heaven is on a different plane of reality, not simply ‘up’.
Dean grins at Castiel, whose heart is sprinting a marathon now. “Challenge accepted.”
Dean admits softly, “I’m seeing you die.”
“Dean!” Cas is tramping after him. “Dean, you’re not making any sense!”
“Dean.”
Castiel wants nothing more than to know if Dean’s lips are as warm as his breath is, and this terrifies him.
The Impala has always been a safe space for Dean. No matter what is happening in his life: a bad hunt, a mean father, a death of a friend, Sam’s absence at college—no matter what, the Impala welcomed him into its warmth and safe, albeit traveling, walls. Driving it makes him feel more hopeful. Stronger.
“You’re always late, though,” Dean says with a wink. “Aren’t your students expecting it by now?”
Dean can see that Cas is not physically ill. Instead he seems like a flower that hasn’t gotten any sunlight or water in days; slowly wilting lower and lower. Dean tries to give him attention. He suggests watching a movie one night; he even sits closer to Cas than normal in case that would help. Cas doesn’t even seem to notice his presence, and just regards with television with a neutral stare. He tries to talk to Cas about books; that perks Cas up, for a few minutes, but he becomes quiet again when Dean asks him if Cas has any books in Heaven that he can read for fun.
Castiel leans back against the wall adjacent to the men’s bathroom, looking down at the watch-face poking out of his sleeve. People stare at him curiously as they filter in and out of the restrooms. Castiel smiles politely back, all the while keeping his eyes trained for a specific face: one with bright green eyes, a jawline that Castiel is positive would cut glass, and dusty blonde hair.
“You won’t like what my opinion is,” she admits.
And panic attack aside, Dean
“Castiel.”
fault. He needed to fix it.
Dean feels stupid for being in a flannel and boots on a bicycle. Sam keeps reaching over and pinching Dean’s cheek while they’re riding. But then they get to a tall hill overlooking the city skyline, sun setting on the backdrop, and Cas turns around to smile all sweaty and bright-eyed at Dean, the happiest Dean’s seen him in well, ever, and Dean can’t suppress an answering smile.
“Yes, there is.”
“It doesn’t have a high success rate,” Jack said, rubbing at his eyes.
Gabriel leaned forward toward Eileen, his grin growing wider. “Ever heard of antimatter?”
Dean knocks his fist a few times against the tabletop; an action he absentmindedly notices but doesn’t stop. He finally sighs and breaks out of his defensive position, leaning back in his chair and running a hand through his hair. “We talked about marriage sometimes, you know. We knew our soulmates were out there, but we didn’t care. Had the tattoos and everything, but we never went looking for them.. He didn’t like the idea of soulmates either.” Dean huffs, hands laced behind his head, tilting his head toward at the ceiling. “I never suspected a thing.”
Dean tries to grab onto his father’s shoulder. “Dad, come on—“
He knows this will be a bad idea, but it’s a Friday night and, why not?
“It doesn’t
“I seem to recall that I followed your advice.”
coming home, right?”
“Dean.”
“And a little unsteady.”
“I don’t mind. Just please don’t scare away customers.”
Dean looked at Sam. “You catching any of this?”
as always i'd love to hear what you thought of the chapter! feedback feeds me the fuel i need to get out these angsty words. (and, as always, feel free to yell at me
. What was I supposed to think was wrong? And Charlie was spouting all this shit about suicidal graceless angels and—I thought something really bad had happened. You didn’t even bother to think about calling me?”
Dean throws his keys onto the table, sits down, and proceeds to bang his forehead against the varnish.
“The gate’s open, Dean.”
“You think that we’re going to let a couple of monsters go because they want to
“I reached out to Rick Johnson, I told you,” Sam said, crossing his arms across his chest, his face pinched. “He said he could do it.”
Fumbling into his jeans and pulling Dean’s borrowed green Henley over his head, he pads to the kitchen on bare feet as he pulls at his hair to make it less chaotic. He sees Dean by the sink as he rounds the corner, and stops abruptly at the scene.
“You’re human,” he said. It wasn’t a question.
“Cas, the shit you’re saying isn’t true,” Dean says, louder, to stay above the wind.
The sharp cracking of the two cans opening resounded in the night air. Wind tickled at Dean’s cold cheeks as he took a sip. He leaned against the wooden railing, beer hanging over the side, squinting at the line of trees that bordered Jody’s backyard. His legs still felt unused and creaky, shaky as he stood on them.
he’d be first in line trying to push himself out, so—it’s all fishy.”
It goes on like this, until the sixth Wednesday after Dean and Cas met, until the second Wednesday after Cas rejected him.
“Then it’ll be your kid’s fault as well as mine!” George barked. “Now get your fucking gun loaded.”
“Oh, Dean.” Gabriel tutted his tongue, shaking his head. “One would think that you were a baby novice hunter. Isn’t this your
take a shot, I get to ask you questions about
“I don’t think this time is as bad as you think,” Sam said. “He seems at peace with it.”
“He likes to be outside a lot. Ever notice that? Everything probably looks and feels like molecules to him, but he likes being out here the most.”
“Oh. Shit.”
Mary's smile fades, and she turns. “Dean? I thought you were—”
to feel into the dark.
“Yeah. And it likes its kill fresh. So it makes sense why it wouldn’t go back to finish the job, it would just leave the body there.”
For a few moments, all Sam heard was the wind whipping in his ears. Cas made a movement, and Sam almost sprang to his safety, thinking he was going to jump; instead Cas suddenly opened his mouth, chest forward, shouting, “
Dean took another gulp. “Not yet, anyway.”
Dean nodded. He shakily climbed to his feet. Jen held out an arm for him, but he waved it off.
“Well, he got violent, and—“
Cas smiles. “No, Dean. It’s informative on how to be a human.”
"I know that; I
“Nothing.”
Cas stands at the front doorway; he shuts the door with a gentle click. “Dean,” he says; in that voice that indicates he wants to talk about something serious.
and you can’t do anything about it.”
No use in dwelling on the past, is a lesson in survival that Dean learned a long time ago.
Sam said, "He's fine." He tried for a reassuring smile. Cas stared at him, swaying unsteadily on his feet. Sam reiterated, “He’s fine, Cas, going to be totally fine.”
When Dean and Danny decided to go after a really dangerous, really murderous monster to show their dads that they could be capable hunters too, Dean told Sam it was too dangerous to come along.
“Oh, shit, not like that,” Dean laughs nervously. Cas is clearly uncomfortable by the implication of sex with Lisa. “Sorry, not
plan for this whole… situation. Instead of going off on the poor little guy.”
Dean rubs his forehead and considers. “Still feel like my head was put through a blender on the puree setting. But yeah, I’m totally fine.”
“Yeah, that one. Think about how I’m gonna bring you to a whole field of sunflowers once we get out of this.”
There’s a sharp silence; Dean looks away, fists clenched and jaw set. Cas’ stomach sinks. “I… I didn’t mean it like that.”
Crickets buzzed lazily around them. A pair of cardinals perched on the branch above them, chirping irritably at each other before flying off. The wind brushed against Dean’s cheeks; a nudge.
They eye each other warily, fake smiles frozen in place; until May abruptly claps her hands together, making Dean twitch and almost jolt Cas out of his hiding place. “Well! I’ll leave you to your day. Let me know if I can do anything for you.”
we're getting very close to Dean finally yeeting his ass into the Empty and getting his funky little angel back, don't worry—especially now that Sam's more on board. (or IS he......??? jk it's fine he is. he's not the obstacle anymore. but there IS another obstacle... maybe more... *moonwalks away*)
Dean feels the pain, burning, longing, feels like he’ll get swept into a wave of it and be lost down the ocean trench forever but—
“Oh, yeah?” Dean pushes himself off the wall. “Where we going?”
“Dean, what can I do?”
“Is that why you’re a cupid now, and not a guardian angel?”
“Hmm.” Cas sets his messenger bag next to an adjacent computer, brow furrowed in thought. His face changes into a grin as he seemingly thinks of his answer. “
thank you all SO MUCH for your comments, feedback, screaming on my tumblr... i appreciate every single one of you. i really hope to see you all in the next installment of the fic, whenever i post that. ETA is a bit hazy right now - I'm working on another destiel au and an original fic right now (hoping to publish a gay ghost novel in the future eeee), but my hope is that I'll be able to work on this sequel in the next few months.
Cas turns his frown to Dean. “You are also driven by food. I don’t understand why you insist on mocking me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You need to ice your head, Dean. Do you feel dizzy? Disoriented?”
Cas guides him to a patch of grass. Dean pulls away from his touch. Although it’s dark, with only the streetlight’s glare washing the concrete street, Cas feels exposed and wants to get Dean to safety as soon as possible.
Dean emits a dry chuckle, tearing off a corner of toast and dipping it into the cheesiest part of the scrambled egg. “Nah, I’ll stay, Cas. If anything, to be your live-in chef.”
With a wary glare, Dean snatches the glass from Castiel’s hand and sniffs into it. “Vodka. And something with raspberry.” He jabs his finger at the laminated drink menu lying in front of him. “Probably this razzle-dazzle-whatever bullshit.”
She smiles; a quick, jaunty thing. “All right then.”
“I don’t understand,” Mary says, propping a hip against the sink, “I thought you guys were each designated a position in Heaven that you kept forever.”
Maybe.
Cas presses a kiss into Dean’s hair. “I never will.”
Dean rubbed his temples against an incoming headache. “Gabriel, I swear to Christ—”
Castiel holds Dean tighter. "I'm fine right here."
Dean rolls his eyes and continues toward the entrance. Castiel, fully realizing he’s not welcome but not technically denied either, follows.
Dean grins and reaches to the cupboard behind Castiel’s head. He feels Castiel stiffen when Dean’s warm arm rests against Castiel’s shoulder as he digs around in the cabinet. Dean pulls back with two shot glasses pinched between his fingers.
Dean gusts out a sigh. “Forget it. If you don’t get it, then you really have your head up your ass.”
Before Dean had a chance to react, Gabriel pushed him backward. In the same moment, the Empty flung itself from the black, morphing into something dark and terrible. Gabriel turned to face it, his body shooting light from every inch of skin, the brightness too brilliant for Dean to see.
“‘Overall creepy vibe’?” Cas asks, looking up.
Cas looked older than he ever did in that moment. He dropped his chin to his chest and nodded. “Good. That's... good.”
With a sympathetic smile, Sam says, “I think I figured out what it means, though. That the value of something is determined by what you pay for it.”
the voice said; a warning.
A brief panicked pang shot through his chest; he rubbed at it, frowning, knowing the feeling but ignoring it all the same. He took a step forward. Reached out his shaking hands—
“It was raining all weekend. Do you mean to tell me that you stayed out in the weather all day yesterday when you could have been staying with me? Warm and dry?”
“Right,” Dean mouths to Cas before they both get to the last stair. Like loaded springs, they whip around to face the rest of the open-planned house: Cas facing the living room, Dean the kitchen. Nothing.
-you right away.”
“Sorry about that,” the man says, breathing heavily. He locks his arms tighter against the cat struggling in his arms. “Can I help you with something?”
“Sam, you have to get me out of this,” Dean says from the entryway, his voice rising.
He keeps reading books, out of some self-flagellation ritual. For a while he tries reading the Kunderas book that Cas suggested.
“He’s grieving,” Cas insists.
Dean sneaked a peek at Cas’s profile, at the furrowed concentration on his brow as he watched the screen. Last night, over a dinner of homemade burgers, was the first time Cas mentioned wanting to go out and try hunting again. Something about wanting to help Eileen with a nest of vampires she’d found in North Dakota. Dean barely listened to him over the pounding of his heart in his ears.
Castiel is less talented at getting his face in order, because Charlie takes one look at him and says in alarm, “What happened, Cas? You look awful.”
movie.”
“Saving you,” Cas snapped. He flung off his trenchcoat; rolled up his sleeves. Held a hand toward his chest that was beginning to turn blue.
“I was just—I was wondering if you wanted to get coffee. Maybe catch up. I know it’s been a while, but—”
“I broke up with Lisa, so now you have to come home and you
Castiel nods and watches Dean as he pulls a beer out of the fridge. “How is your father?”
When Lacy’s flower is done and she proudly displays it, they give her the proper attention and praise. Dean pays Claire way too much money for the service, and doesn’t let her give him any change.
“And it’s hard to breathe sometimes. Claire calls it anxiety. I felt it as an angel, but it’s worse as a human.”
“Just shut up and let me fix your hand.” Dean pulls a chair beside him, so close that Castiel can feel the heat coming off Dean’s body. Dean takes Castiel’s hand gently into his, rubbing the washcloth delicately over the wound. Castiel is so enamored by the deftness of Dean’s hands, so distracted by his own heartbeat suddenly beating loudly in his ears, that he barely registers that Dean is asking a question.
“No, no way. He moved after we broke up.” Dean tilts his head to frown at Castiel. “Why all the questions about Benny all of a sudden?”
Placing his backpack carefully onto the bike seat, he opens the zipper and deposits the bag of plant food into the backpack. Very sternly, he whispers to it, “Don’t you dare work,” before zipping up his pack, and riding on the dirt road back to his new home.
“Cas, I was being a dick,” Dean snaps. “It wasn’t your fault they died. They were probably new to the game too, right?” At Cas’ nod, Dean throws up a hand. “See? Experienced hunters don’t usually pair up with newbies. They think it’ll slow ‘em down. Danny died because we paired up and we were both new and stupid. That’s just being a hunter. That’s life.”
“What the hell are you on about?” Bob barks.
“I can’t promise you that I won’t try to apologize, or explain,” Cas says, taking a step toward Dean (who unconsciously takes a step back). “You can’t ask that of me, Dean.”
Dean crunched on a second Funyun. “That why you didn’t answer any of our damn prayers?”
“Dean. We’re going in circles.”
“And it still is.” Dean pushed himself up, bracketed Cas’s body with his arms. His arms were sore but he didn’t care. Cas opened his eyes to stare at him in surprise at the sudden movement.
“Somewhere he won’t die quickly.” Dean resists the shudder that threatens to run through him. He can’t have that distraction. “Somewhere sheltered.”
“Well, no shit,” Dean says in a frustrated sigh, “I just…” He stands from his chair and paces back to the kitchen. “I just care about you, okay?” he bursts out at the drops of scattered water lining the sink’s basin. “I don’t want to see you get hurt.”
“Well, I’ll go too,” Dean declares, whipping around and unlocking the door, as per his original plan. “Cas can call another one of our hunter guys, help him out. You’ll need back up on this one.”
that it was a Vetala killing those people. I also found the case in the first place. Doesn’t that count for something to you?”
Dean’s hands stilled. He carefully set the bowl down in the basin of the sink and turned. His voice was steady and cold as he asked, “Wanna run that by me again?”
Under the scrutiny of Sam’s stare, Cas admits, “This week… has been a lot. Fighting Faith took a lot. I’m worried about what her psychic draining did to me in the long term.”
“Well no wonder she’s pissed! If Jess had tried to pull that with me when we met, I wouldn’t have taken that as an answer either. Soulmates aren’t a light topic, Dean. A soulmate is someone you are perfectly compatible with, and it’s a relationship you’re guaranteed to have happiness with the rest of your life.”
Damn. He’s good. Dean runs a hand anxiously through his hair. “I ended my date early.”
It’s this moment, looking into Dean’s earnestly hopeful eyes, that he feels himself ready to fall.
“What?”
“And you’re sure that you’re not pulling the plants accidentally instead of the weeds?”
“That’s the funny thing about genetics, ain’t it,” Dean says, pushing Sam to a walk. “Well, we gotta get going—”
a special thank you to Emma (
Dean shoots Cas a finger gun. “Will do.”
“Collect my—“ He can see the flash of hurt in Dean’s eyes before the walls begin to go up. “Okay. I get it. They did something to you in Heaven to make you act all robotic again, is that it?”
“I don’t care what she was being. I don’t trust her.”
“No.” Rubbing sweaty palms against the rough denim of his jeans, he admits, “But I have no other ideas.”
“Then why did you send her away? Don’t you want to keep an eye on her?”
“Uh, you can, it’s not like you can’t be there when we’re— “
“You bet it is.”
Dean notices Castiel’s distress and frowns. "You okay?"
“I think I found a way. I don’t sense the Empty’s consciousness there, but it’ll still be risky.”
“What pages?” Castiel asks, although he suspects he already knows the answer.
“Whatever happens, keep holding onto me,” Cas whispered into Dean’s shoulder.
Dean’s face hardens. “Would you stop bringing up that damn note?”
Dean made it to his destination, slumping on the table and shooting the guy a grin. “Got a question for you,” he said.
told me. That’s his name.”
“Dean!” Sam can be heard rather than seen, the sound of his feet hitting the pavement as he runs after Dean. Sam intercepts him before Dean can even jam his key into the front door of the Impala.
“You didn’t know?”
[there may be a need for warnings in this chapter? it's to do with John's alcoholism. so. read chapter endnotes if you think you might need to, but they're spoilery just warning ya]
But instead Cas seemed entranced by the water. He held himself over the railing, staring at the white rapids below. The white noise made it comfortable enough for them to say nothing for a while as they stood side-by-side.
“And besides,” Jess continues, snaking an arm around Sam’s and pulling him affectionately into her side, “finding your soulmate and connecting with them is one of the best things on Earth. It makes your life so much happier.”
Dean says, “No wrong choice.” He considers for a moment. “Well, except all of Sam’s suggestions.”
“Dean.” Mary’s voice has joined the conversation. “Anna is doing the best she can, and so is Castiel. You have to give it time.”
“If you hurt Dean, I will kill you,” Cas growls. Dean almost sees the angel in him.
“No, I—I get it now,” Sam interrupted. He glanced at Eileen, frowning. “Besides, it’s not just you and me anymore.”
Dean laughs and pours another shot to drink. He says, “Why haven’t you gotten in touch with Claire, if she means so much?”
“Why would that be bad?” Cas asks.
Sam exchanged a worried frown with Eileen. “Wait. So you’re talking about an apocalypse?”
thanks for reading, everyone. like i said, this was a really emotional chapter for me to write. so i hope it resonated in some way. more next week - and as always thank you so much for reading and providing feedback. it really, truly helps my writing of this story.
He’s on a park bench.
Cas doesn’t notice his aborted attempt at speech; he’s looking past Dean, around his shoulder. His eyes brighten. “Dean!” he says with amplified excitement, clutching Dean’s shoulder. “You have more books!”
Dean looks away, feeling something thick in his throat. “Yeah, I guess.”
-subscribe to the 'ascend' series that this fic is now part of
Cas smiles with his eyes. He brushes a strand of errant hair from Dean's forehead and says, fondly, "You always do try, despite the impossibilities."
“They’re fishy, that’s for sure. They seemed pretty eager to know who we are, but didn’t give us their own credentials.”
Shoulders sagging, Sam tilted his head forward, chin hitting his chest. “Good. Okay.” He looked back up, a hopeful smile on his face. “We’re almost done packing. Gabriel’s flying us out in an hour.”
Dean licks his lips. “Well—”
“And there’s a
“It did help. To… understand things.”
Lifting the book’s cover slightly, Cas shows him the title. Dean beams as he recites the title aloud, “
,” Dean corrects. “If that means we get twenty stray cats you keep picking up off the street, fine. If that means I become some hot-shot professor someday with a bunch of graduate students treating our house like a second home, fine. If it’s just you and me, even better.”
(See the end of the chapter for
As Castiel stands there idiotically trying to process that sentence, Dean pipes up from the kitchen, “Oh yeah I was gonna ask you, Cas, is it okay that Lisa stays over tonight? You got no big parties planned here, right?”
Dean takes a deep sigh, shrugging his shoulders. “Well, Cas, kinda hard to take you seriously since the last time I saw you trying to hunt, you were half-dead from a vampire nest.”
Castiel hesitantly holds up a hand in greeting. Dean’s face, once soft, turns hard and guarded. His shoulders stiffen, and he walks toward Castiel at the fence, across the field.
3. this is where i get really emotional about every single one of you and all the support you've given me as i write this fic and posted it. the outpouring of love has been AMAZING and i'm so honored to share this story with you. even through the stress of plot hangups and editing and writer's blocks i've really loved this process. and i can't wait to continue this into a potential series<3
Dean sighs. Slams the mug on the bedside table, making it shake. “Well, fuck, Cas. You said I didn’t say anything out loud.”
(See the end of the chapter for
know her, and she tries to access her memory to solve it, but she comes up blank.
Finding the flashlight, he shined it onto his arm. The black liquid dripped lazily onto the ground before slithering back to the puddle.
“I will change out of this jacket as long as you change into something that makes you look less like an intimidating nomad,” Cas mutters, scooping up his backpack of belongings.
“I’m glad I can help things,” Cas says in his all-too-familiar fashion, sounding detached but somehow packing each word with emotional tenderness.
“Kitchen,” Dean said, plugging a thumb over his shoulder. “He wanted snacks, apparently.”
Cas’ face contorts. “Some humans are stronger than others.”
“It’s not your fault, Dean.”
Dean scoffed, digging in his pocket for his wallet. “Where’d you learn that song, Cas?” he muttered.
As they walk a few more paces, Castiel notices that Dean keeps glancing at him in his peripherals, looking visibly uncomfortable. “What’s wrong?”
“Well,” Sam finally says with false cheerfulness, pointedly setting his mug down and gathering his books into a leather messenger bag. “Dean, you’ve really stepped into it this time. Good luck, because I’m certainly not going to help you.”
Sam snorts a laugh and Dean points a spatula, dripping with uncooked eggs, in Castiel’s direction. “How about you use your precious time here telling me your piece and then get the hell outta dodge? I need to leave for work in a half hour.”
Dean softly scoffs. ‘Before Dad went off the alcoholic deep end and lost the house in a foreclosure,’ was more accurate. John had ghosted soon after that, leaving Mary with full custody of Sam and Dean. Her neighborhood was across town from Cas’.
Dean had sat there, jaw clenched, nodding along—not even having the heart to correct her.
Dean is leaning forward on his legs, attention rapt. “What was the incident?” he asks softly.
that yet,” he says, jaw clenched. “We’ve discussed it, but we don’t
“And I was… inebriated.”
A laugh breaking from him, Dean kisses Castiel again, pushing his forehead into his. “I was afraid you weren’t going to be a nagging pain in my ass ever again,” he says, his sincere tone making the joke slightly miss its mark.
Seeing Dean vulnerable deflates Castiel from any anger. “No, I have to apologize. If I had been there—”
Castiel fights a wistful smile. He remembers Claire in first grade: blonde pigtails, the Barbie doll she insisted on carrying with her everywhere, a Barbie princess backpack.
“Something happened a couple of nights ago,” he sighs. “With Dad.”
He hopes that he never sees that damn cupid again.
and snapped its wrist across the air. Dean gasped and clutched at his throat when something pressed against his windpipe, choking him. When the pressure released, he opened his mouth to curse—but nothing came out. Only air.
“He’s already doing so much better,” Sam implores. “I mean… look at him. He’s even using complete sentences, and stopped being monosyllabic. He’s a lot better than when we last saw him.”
“Well, I’m breaking it, right the hell now.” Dean swings the cart to a stop and puts his hands on his hips. “Is that where you were staying the whole time you were gone? Instead of being at the bunker, where you actually had a
“Well, that’s good,” Sam said, trying at an assuring smile. “Anything broken? Any wounds?”
“Wait—‘we’?”
“Cas…” Dean moves, slower this side, to stand in front of Castiel. He takes Castiel’s arm. Castiel raises his gaze and sees Dean’s eyes so close to his, the space between them so easily bridged by just leaning forward just a little further…
Dean huffs out a laugh. “Of course it’s all right, Cas. Just let me put my jacket in the car—it’s hot as balls out here.”
The wind battered at his back as he walked away from Jen and the construction site, the smell of smoke polluting the air.
The warmth spreads to Dean’s chest, but he’s not quite sure it’s the alcohol anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean finally takes his hands off the keyboard, folds them in front of him. “Cas. I have more important things to do than listen to you bitch about how you failed at your job. Again.”
The weak beam of light danced across a familiar pile of rocks. Dean stopped, squinting, and pulled out the picture from his pocket to compare. Perfect match: a small pile of rocks, tucked into the corner, no more than four feet high. Dean took a few steps toward it.
It made him snap to attention. Cas turned his head to Sam. Looked down at Dean, who was shaking violently on the floor. “No,” he said.
“So, what, we trespassing?” Dean asks as he opens the double-door fridge, inspecting the inside.
Charlie grins and flips a red lock over her shoulder. “Well, avoiding my sass is easy. Just talk about your feelings and I’ll leave you alone.”
“Well, yeah.” Dean puts his hands in his pockets and shrugs. “If it leads to more than that, fine. If it doesn’t, that’s fine too. Doesn’t have to like, be a big thing.”
“But I never said it back,” Dean whispered. “I never told you.”
Cas puts his head in his hands. “It replays in my head. Every damn day it just goes round and round. I keep thinking of how I could have saved you
“It’s called wearing sunscreen,” Dean says. He waits for Cas to lock the apartment, his long fingers fumbling for the correct key and turning it in the lock. “Ready?” Dean asks.
Dean’s eyes flicker away. He focuses instead on the way the falling sunlight catches the huge bay window of the model home—it’s bright enough so that he can’t see if Cas is watching.
Dean says, his hands trailing to Cas’ sides, “I didn’t know if you felt the way I did until now, but—we could be happy, if we tried this. For real. It won’t be perfect. It’ll be downright awful sometimes. But the happy moments, they’re—they’re worth working through the crap. I see that now. I’m done hiding from it.”
Dean’s carefully schools his worried frown to neutral and he takes Castiel’s face into his hands. “That’s okay, Cas,” he says firmly. “You’re safe now, okay? Whatever your nightmare was, it’s not true. No one can hurt you anymore. I won’t let them.”
Dean knows something’s gotta give. Every time he and Cas talk, he can feel some sort of connection between them (even though it’s all based on books, but whatever, Rome wasn’t built in a day). Cas is clearly too shy to take the plunge; so Dean does.
Castiel blinks, then slowly smiles back. “Oh,” he says softly.
) for helping me with the ending scene, and with the whole chapter in general:)
Eileen crossed her arms. “You went there through one of the portals?”
“Not at all.” Cas’ eyes flicker away from Dean’s. “Sam did a good job at bandaging it up yesterday.”
Cas’s voice agreed.
Mary puts a hand over Dean’s; her wristwatch brushes cool against his skin. “Dean, let’s be honest. The concept of soulmates is flawed. If you are feeling stronger feelings for someone else, well, you shouldn’t ignore them out of obligation.” She withdraws her hand, absentmindedly rubbing her wrist with a frown. “But, keep in mind Castiel is an angel. He’s practically another species. I don’t want to see you get hurt; there aren’t a lot of documented cases about angels falling in love with humans. It’s likely that these feelings are unreciprocated.”
“He lasted for five months, until I made him this really juicy, really cheesy burger and a rack of prime ribs. He couldn’t resist. He ate all of it, but his stomach couldn’t take it so he ended up puking all over my bathroom. It was disgusting.”
Cas’ eyes are still staring intently. “But you have a good life,” he says.
and I can help you navigate how to skip that in the chapter!
Castiel lets a smile tug the tired muscles in his face, experimentally uses his voice and says Dean’s name.
It looked exactly like what took Cas. It was unmistakable. The way it moved, the thickness of it—he’d know it anywhere.
All Dean heard instead was Eileen in the next room, hesitantly and quietly explaining Jack’s plan to get Dean into the Empty.
The thought of opening the door to the nerdy little cupid sitting disheveled on his couch with that cute not-smile on his face brings a smile to Dean’s own face that lasts the whole way home.
Dean shrugs, still missing the point. “I guess it is kind of funny, from an outside perspective,” he offers.
His head snaps up. “You’re putting this on
Dean waits until Sam stomps out of the room before carefully dialing the number. He holds it to his ear and waits, hearing his own heartbeat vibrate the receiver.
“I’m curious,” Castiel defends. He pokes at the spines of the books Dean brought. “What about you?”
“Hey, Cas.”
“Put some Zeppelin in or somethin’, man.”
He gives up after a week. Googling nearby garden shops points him to the only one within a forty-mile radius: Winchester Hardware & Garden. He rides his bike a couple of miles down the dirt road, past the farmer’s market, to the small, unassuming green building that’s only slightly bigger than his own bungalow.
“But did you give her a reason why she’s better off not knowing you?”
Sam whistled. “Wow. He was really brave.”
“I know, okay? And I’m worried about him too. I really am. But we need to think straight here.”
Cas shrugged. Took another drink.
As soon as his neck is free, the police shouting at the assailants to get on the ground around him, he stumbles into the light of the hallway and runs toward Dean’s office.
Cas grabbed the blue string—and
“The portals all disappeared too,” Sam added, coming to sit on the bed next to Claire. “No more demon or angel escapes, thankfully.”
“No,” he whispered, or would if he could move—if he could speak.
“Right,” Cas repeats, albeit breathlessly. They walk up a step. “Dean… I’m sorry.”
Sam said it wasn’t a lead. But Dean would recognize that oily gunk anywhere. It was burned into his nightmares enough.
George burst to life then, whirling on Dean and grabbing him by the throat. “Where the fuck were you?” he shouted, shaking Dean. “Where the fuck were you when my boy was getting
Dean blinks. “Oh. Right, you’re an angel. Okay, tell me who my mom and brother are.”
Sam waves a hand in the air dismissively. “It’s yours. Don’t worry. You probably got more out of it than I ever would.”
Dean begins a tradition of shelving returns (a task technically for the morning shift), just so he can move around the floor and find an opportunity to talk to the guy (he never can). He tries pretending the computers really need dusting, just in hopes that the guy will look up and chat (he never does).
longer update coming up soon:)
Her eyes widen. “Shit.” She smacks her hand twice against her temple. “Goddamnit, this is why he never asks me for a favor,” she mutters as she turns on her heel and takes long strides toward the exit.
Dean drops Castiel’s arm. He looks like Castiel just dropped an anvil on his head. Castiel would laugh at the expression if the situation wasn’t so horrifying.
“Did you find anything,” Dean repeated, slowly, willing himself not to snap, “when you were bulldozing the hill?”
“Peachy.” Dean approaches, but stays a good distance away. The man on the table
When the park comes into view, he aggressively peels into the parking lot and yanks the keys from the ignition. The rain is coming down in sheets now.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “I swear to god, Dad, if you talk one more time about going over to her house to get her to take you back—“
A rough laugh unbiddenly pushes its way out of Dean. “Oh, and I suppose you’ll offer yourself up as the bait, huh?”
Dean seems well-liked; as soon as he walks through the double doors, people greet him in the halls cheerfully, even though it’s barely seven in the morning. Dean responds with double their enthusiasm, even though Castiel can see the pinching of the corners of his eyes and lips that suggests he’s still very stressed from their previous conversation.
happy sunday, everyone! i hope you're all doing okay. <3 i'll skip saying anything dumb and we'll get right into it!! exciting things ahead!! hoo boy!! this chapter really fought me!! here we go!! hope it's good!! yikes!!
May and Bob look at each other. “Whoever—whatever—it is definitely was at our party.”
“Because I have a—“
Staring at her, Castiel tries to formulate a coherent thought. Naomi, finally pushed into her place, and her prejudice against him and other angels finally noticed and punished for it. For years she’s harassed him, and others… He shakes his head wonderingly. Opening his mouth, he tries to form one word: “Claire?”
As Jody and Eileen walked down the driveway, Miracle at their heels, Dean turned to Jack. “If you’re going to the portal, I’m going with you.”
“So he’s just… gone?” Claire asked, her voice quiet and small. She looked at Gabriel. “Aren’t you an angel? Aren’t you supposed to
He saw the gas station where Cas worked when he was human and Nora asked if Dean was an ex-boyfriend. Cas admitted, quietly, that he and Dean were never in a relationship. Nora raised an eyebrow, commenting that it sure looked like heartbreak somehow.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know anything about that. Is there someone you can call?”
That gets a full-blown blush on Cas’ face. Dean decides that it’s the most adorable thing he’s ever seen in his life. “That might have been… an over exaggeration—”
“I’m putting it on both of you, Dean. And I think he wants to make amends. He seems really sorry.”
Castiel suppresses a smile when he hears Anna mutter, “If you want to discuss logic, let’s talk about how there’s absolutely none in this game…”
“‘m sick, not dying. I’m entitled to a freaking beer.”
“Hell yeah, Cas. We’ll push those bad memories out. We’ll move forward, okay?”
“Oh Castiel,” Naomi tuts, poorly acted sympathy veiling her face, “did you really think you could come in and
Dean is lying on the couch when Cas returns, files from the morgue propped onto his stomach, an empty coffee mug on the ground. Without looking at Cas, he asks, “Learn anything?”
There’s a flicker in Dean’s expression—a softness that Castiel had not seen yet from him—but it’s gone as fast as it occurred. He replaces it with a condescending smile. “Pretty hard to protect anyone properly after that piss-poor mistake, huh?”
“I know. I know that.” Dean ran his sleeve over his nose, sniffing. He clenched his jaw harder. “I know why you did it—hell, I would have too. And I know your sacrifices are your choices. I know that. I just… I couldn’t…”
“Dude, you aren’t going to find that out at my work,” Dean says incredulously. He’s already walking toward the building, as if he could outrun Castiel.
Dean knows that he can’t put off this conversation for long; might as well rip it off like a bandaid. “You just
It was actually the happiest month of his life.
“Dean… when Zachariah sent you to the future, to 2014. Do you want to talk about it?”
love with a human? With Dean? I don’t even want to think about what you’ll do when
Cutting off that line of thinking with a sharp cut of his hand, he turned on the sink. Water dribbled onto his hands; he splashed it on his face.
“Well that was… unexpected,” Cas hedges.
Castiel tries to take his hand back, but Dean holds tighter. “No, Dean. I think you’re incorrect. I wouldn’t keep you safe, I’d just—”
“Cas,” Sam continued, hanging his head in frustration, “Cas, it doesn’t make you a bad person. It doesn’t mean that you’re betraying Dean by feeling this way. What you're feeling is
“If you really want to, I guess you—”
Dean closes his eyes and pushes the mute, blank-faced Cas from a year ago far, far away in his mind. Tries instead to focus on present Cas, who has a little more muscle on his frame and color in his cheeks.“Yeah, he is.”
“Cas, you’re scaring me. Please, get down. Dean would kill me if you fell. Hell,
But it’s not the nightmares that scare him; it’s the
Dean nodded. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
Dean is hunched over the sink, back heaving with thick breaths. There is shattered glass decorating the countertops; the window above the sink is broken. A broken mug lies smashed on the floor.
“Am I helping?” Dean asks, his voice scratchier than he’d like it to be.
“He’s really burning up,” Faith says. “Poor guy.”
That’s because Dean ran away from the situation—as usual. Being more than a little buzzed himself, Dean felt the words on his lips: something close to an
“You—you don’t. But I’ll prove to you that I won’t, Dean. You just need to let me try..”
Castiel manages to nod. He wants to ask where Dean is. Mary sees the question in his eyes, because she says, “Dean’s finally asleep. I slipped some melatonin into his decaf coffee — don’t tell him.”
“Dean, what’s going on?” asks Mary.
Castiel carefully picks up the burger, the meat leaving behind a bleeding trail across the plate. “Then Heaven will try to assist the match through cupid interference. If someone doesn’t pair with their soulmate, it is assumed that the likely won’t be able to sustain relationships with anyone else.” He takes a bite into the burger and briefly closes his eyes at the rush of flavor.
“Yes you goddamn are. Every night, you leave. Every morning, you act like nothing happened. Even now you’re just calmly ending the thing like it was a business transaction. Even as a human you’re as emotionless as a goddamn rock.”
*beep*
hired you,” Dean corrects, “and based on some stupid disorganized Trump fanatic group that couldn’t even find their own ass if it was handed to them. Nothing’s gonna happen, okay? I’m keeping you around to make my brother chill out. That’s it. I don’t need your damn protection.”
“Hey,” Dean says again, softer this time. Castiel looks up abruptly at Dean’s eyes in the rearview mirror. He realizes it’s been thirty point five seconds since Dean asked his question.
Claire scoffed, shaking her head. She leaned against the counter’s edge, her back a sharp and angry line as she glared down at her shoes. “So. How’d it happen?”
“Oh. Yes. Well, and we can keep a lookout for suspicious behavior.”
“She’s the daughter of Dean’s friend,” Cas says, obviously taking care not to move his face too much, which Claire appreciates. “We offered to watch her for the day; take her to this festival.”
Dean stands abruptly, legs knocking against the table, making Charlie jump back in surprise. “I need to find him,” he says, rushed. “After school. I’m going to find him. Can you talk to Anna about this? Maybe she can help.”
Patting the couch, which Cas obeys and sits, Dean asks, “What else did Faith say?”
Dean doesn’t turn around. “I said get the fuck out.”
not to, that we could fight it together, that if I died then who the hell cared.”
Dean ignores the freezing in his veins. “I’m real, Cas, okay. I don’t know what Faith was doin’ to you but—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam didn’t ask about it until the lights were out, and John was in George’s motel room helping him with Danny’s body. He turned to Dean’s frozenly still frame, only barely made out by the dark. “Dean?” Sam whispered. “Why didn’t you tell Dad you were trapped in the closet and couldn’t get out?”
“I’m not useless,” Dean sputters, pushing the covers, his hair sticking up every which-way. At Cas’ smile, Dean realizes he’s joking; rolls his eyes. “Fine, I’ll get my four hours. But then I’m waking up and finding the bastard that attacked me.”
it. Little Cas dying, you losing your marbles. This was all written down.”
, Dean didn’t add. Instead he nodded, his eyes trained on the broken stalk at his feet. “Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean.”
“Cas wanted to get a present for Claire’s birthday,” Dean said, fingers tapping against the whiskey bottle, “so I took him to a mall. Turns out it was the first time he’d ever been in one. He was
Dean is projecting daggers through his eyes. “Sam. Let. Go.”
“I didn’t know I could either.” Cas ran a gentle hand through Dean’s hair, pressing a kiss to his lips. “But I did. I do. And I always have.”
Cas smiles, feeling something in his chest constrict. “I’m fine, Dean.”
“Huh? Oh. Yeah.” The man playfully jostles the cat, eliciting a low meow. “She gets into the back of the shelves where all those dangerous tools are, and I have to make sure she doesn’t cut her own head off.”
Dean had nearly veered off the road in surprise. Sam had rolled his eyes as Dean and Cas bickered about the best way to enter a car (“What are you suggesting, Dean, that I
He sits down heavily on the bed. He can hear Dean whistling downstairs as something sizzles on the stove. Dean often did this while Cas stayed in the bunker: made breakfast every morning at ungodly hours of the morning, genuinely enjoying it.
without even a hope that I could share this with you. I don’t—”
“Yeah.” Dean swiped a hand down his face, sighing. “Yeah, he didn’t exactly make friends in Heaven over the years.”
“He’ll be upset if we don’t tell him what’s going on,” Cas says.
The portal gurgled and added to the conversation by spitting a spray of black ooze. Dean jumped out of the way, raising his eyebrows at Jack.
“I just wanted to know who the hell could notice all those things about me,” Dean says. “Who was observant enough to talk about, what was it? ‘The way my green eyes sparkle in the morning light’.”
“Finding a path for us and making a body for you in there, two-for-one style.” Gabriel glanced at Sam and Eileen as they walked up. “Kid wasn’t joking about being god-like.”
“Dean, listen,” Cas says, his voice sounding like he swallowed a bunch of nails for breakfast. He’s looking at Dean, but his gaze is going right through him. “She… sucks memories. Feelings.”
“I can blame him for going for the gun a second time,” Cas grits out. He stands, fist clenching the edge of the table. “We don’t need to talk about it anymore.”
Dean sprints to the curtain drawn over the huge bay window in the living room and yanks it down, the curtain pole clattering to the ground. Light from the streetlamps floods the living room. He turns just in time to see the outline of a figure running at him. He dodges to the side, and throws an elbow towards the shadowy figure: his attacker smacks into his forearm, getting knocked to the ground.
“You only care because you feel guilty,” Dean shot back.
Castiel can’t help but stare at him as the warm setting sun frames his well-angled face, taking in the way his lips form certain words and his eyes sparkle when talking about his students.
Cas hadn’t left Jack’s side since.
Warily, Cas scoots over on the bed until he is in front of Dean. The only explanation for Dean’s next move is that his brain totally goes offline; that, or he’s getting way too entrenched in this whole fake relationship thing. His fingers skim across Cas’ neck, until he finds the knot, then presses against it. Cas grunts.
Dean crossed his arms. “Tell me anyway.”
A blink and a shudder—and that distant look was gone. Dean threw the towel onto the counter and huffed out a sigh. “Well, doesn’t matter, right? It’s never gonna happen anyway. Lucifer is locked up and Cas is fully angel and never gonna be a human. So just drop it, Sammy.”
“Yeah. Even the playing field. Because now that we’ve both written ridiculous notes to each other, we can go ahead and do that ‘proper date’ you talked about.”
The rest of the ride is in silence, with the occasional geographical help from Cas. Dean pulls into the huge parking lot of a Wegman’s grocery store, which is surprisingly packed for eight a.m. on a Saturday morning.
“What are you reading?”
Grin returning, almost manic, Gabriel said, “You
“Oh, awesome.” Dean clears his throat. “It’s, uh—it’s Dean. Dean Winchester. I… yeah.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean waved his hand as Jack and Gabriel disappeared, turning on his heel toward Sam. “How much you wanna bet we won’t see them until next week?”
“You have no idea what this thing could be?” Dean asks as he drives through a stop sign.
“Yeah,” Faith sighs, almost wistfully. “I love coming out here when I need to think.”
“Well, he can at least push back your symptoms a little bit. Until the next trial.”
“I can handle it, Cas. What you’re feeling is
“Well, in my experience people don’t just disappear like that unless something upset them.”
Eileen shook her head, patting his arm reassuringly. “Not true. You’re getting better.”
“Better. Awful.” Dean makes an attempt to reach for his boot and pull it off; Cas bats his hands away and does it for him.
being there, he choked out, “I’m—I’m trying—”
“No, it’s all quite real,” Castiel says, suppressing an exasperated sigh.
“Everything I said was true,” Cas said. He feels Dean’s arms wrap around him. Feels a barely-there kiss in his hair. “In the note, in that dreamscape, in our fight. I have regrets. Not about you being alive, just—what I lost.”
“Touche.”
the basics of the sport. He makes a point to lean closer into Cas’ side, absentmindedly running a hand over Cas’ arm when he visibly shivers. He tunes out to the conversation for a while, just focusing on the Jerrys sitting in front of them, and the way that Cas’ body heat seeps into his.
There’s a simmering in Dean’s gut. “You. You want to.” He clenches his fist against his knee. “You want to end this because I look
Carefully, Dean sat next to Cas, his back stiff and muscles tight. He remembered this memory. But unlike the memories before, there was no past Dean here—it was only him, now.
Dean closes his eyes, searching for calm, reminding himself that killing his younger brother would undo all of his hard work protecting him over the years. “You
“We need to talk about this.”
“Fuck,” Dean says. He looks from Cas, whose face is turning an alarming shade of red-purple, and Sam.
Cas shuts the bedroom door and leans against it, gusting out a sigh. The mugs in his hands tap against his sides as he lowers his arms.
“And I cross-referenced the blog post and found a website deeply encrypted. I had Charlie hack into it; turns out it was a chat room for people like Faith. Where to kill, what places were compromised, things like that.”
Dean nodded, hoping it was convincing.
floated Cas’s whisper.
“I didn’t go into this choice blindly,” Cas said. “I knew it’d be a possibility, being human.”
“I’m going to stop coming to your room,” Cas says to Dean.
Brushing a mosquito away from his face, Dean walked deeper into the woods.
She points a finger in his face. “Hey,
“Dean, what—“
“I wanted to be of use.”
In front of him was a black, dark lake. It was frozen over—tranquil. Naked trees, looming tall in the darkness, kept guard on its quiet shores. Across the lake there was a dock jutting through the ice, the wood cracked and splintered. Dean recognized it. In another life he’d been there before, when the water was free flowing and the trees dripped with autumn colors and a fishing pole hung from his hands as someone stood guard at his back.
Dean sighs and slumps into the pillows. He opens an eye and frowns at Cas standing over his side. “Are you going to stand there for a whole hour?”
Dean stares at her. Then at Castiel. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
Dean only made one real, close friend growing up, as far as Sam knew.
That moment may have contributed to the oversight in Castiel’s thinking that lead to this disaster.
“He’s got no one else. I feel sorry for him.” Dean frowns at Cas, who has tightened his grip on the book so hard that his knuckles are white. “Why are you asking this?”
“Jody,” Claire barked from the couch. “Got Cindy on the line. She said there was another attack.”
They come often, the good dreams; more often than the nightmares. And he’s used to nightmares. He’s gotten them all his life: his mom burning on the ceiling, Sam getting possessed by a demon, his dad screaming at him from the grave… Hell. He’s had plenty of horrific, gory images burned into his brain to last a lifetime, and they often spill into his sleep consciousness.
“And you’re saying I don’t care about that?”
“Dean,” Sam began.
“I’ll call him, Mom, geesh.” Dean stood, unsteadily swaying, the blanket falling in a heap around his feet. “I need a drink.”
“Or a guy who is sick of his yard being overgrown by them.”
“—but we need to be realistic here.” When Dean didn’t reply, Sam continued, “This thing with the Empty—it’s bad. Lots of people could die if the Empty totally explodes.”
With a nod of thanks, Cas rises to his feet and points his weapon to Faith. She’s turned back into her waifish human form.
Castiel tries to reach out, but his hand doesn’t understand the motion. He blinks his eyes rapidly, fighting tears. Once again, he can’t move. It's like he hasn't healed at all.
“I’m the one dying, it’s
Although caught in a conversation with Anna, Cas stops and turns his head to look at Dean across the table, his sad eyes meeting Dean's.
“Grieving over
“Well, hope it got your jollies off, ‘cause you’re not getting near him again.” Dean raises his gun higher.
Dean finally gusts out a sigh and reaches forward, snatching Cas’ hand. The touch between them is dry and clammy. Dean’s skin is softer than Cas imagined it being against his own hand. They avoid each other’s eyes.
It’s a ridiculous question that Castiel couldn’t care less about the answer to. “I don’t know. What time is it?”
more detailed trigger warning: Cas is severely depressed, gets up on a ledge, talks about jumping (not in the suicidal sense, just that he could do it as an angel and now can't do it as a human). overall, just a bad mental state from Cas.
his mind clamors. So he would stop saying emotionally-charged, upsetting things to Dean, to stop his tirade of emotions.
“Lady, tell me who the fuck you are and what you’re doing,” Dean calls out. “Who sent you?”
“Anybody come here already?” he asks in a rush when the man opens the door.
Sam stepped forward, the chair behind him clattering. “Dean—”
“Jody called me yesterday, with a case in Sioux Falls—almost exactly identical to this one. I told her that I’d go… and help.”
well, Dean thinks, but it seems that Cas needs a bit of cheering up as far as his job on Earth goes.
is that you’ll be able to pray to Jack, keep in contact. But there’s no guarantee that’ll work.”
“And you didn’t think to mention that?”
He snatched the whiskey bottle off the floor, taking a generous drink. Maybe the therapist wasn’t such a quack after all.
posting schedule is whenever grad school allows! (hopefully every week or two is my goal) but I have had a pretty good track record of finishing fics in the past few years, so never fear!
“The only way he was happy was by accepting the fact that I don’t want him,” Dean said. “How fucked up is that? And I can’t let him think that I just...”
Digging out a wad of bills he had pocketed earlier, he threw them on the bar top. “Keep the change,” he slurred to no one.
“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”
“Well, remind me to make that memory for you.”
“The one where I tell you that I love your self-sacrificing and reckless ass.”
Dean lowered his hands, gritting his teeth. It was worse than the wall of darkness. Now that he could see what was in front of him, he knew that nothing was there.
“Can come too,” Sam finished. He raised his eyebrows at Dean. “You have people in your corner, Dean. Get used to it.”
“Do you want oranges?”
Each time, Dean’s smile stokes a warm fire in his chest.
He turns from the window, crossing his arms over his chest uncomfortably and scuffing his heel into the blue tile grout. “Uh, I-I guess,” Dean stutters.
. No pressure though, obviously.
Dean nearly bangs his head on the table as he scrambles out from under it. He’s on his knees, staring up at Cas. “You what?”
“Yeah.” Dean bit at his lip, thinking. “Jack’s gonna send me in there. If it doesn’t work…”
The room is quiet when Cas carefully opens the door; Dean’s deep breathing indicates that he fell asleep. Cas stands over his bed, noting the irony; he used to do this as an angel for hours and not even notice. He would catalogue the way that Dean tosses to his side as he sleeps, the way his nose wrinkles when he’s having a dream. Cas would convince himself that it was purely for scientific, observational reasons that he stared at Dean for hours.
Licking his lips, Dean wearily sunk to the ground. His legs hit the rotting floorboords. “Let it go, okay, Sam? I signed up for this. I’m… seein’ it through.”
“I hit the targets,” Cas insisted.
Dean pressed his finger and thumb across his eyelids, huffing out a sigh. “When Cas got taken. When he—when he told me he made that deal. I told myself—” He stopped. Cleared his throat. “I told myself, right after he was taken, that I would do
Now, sitting on a bench in a nondescript park in the middle of Lawrence, Kansas, the unopened notebook is on his lap, clutched between his hands. His toes are frigid from the wind drifting across his thin sneakers, his cheeks pinched.
Dean pats his knee. “Don’t worry, buddy. You’ll catch on soon.”
, but…” Gabriel smacks his lips, rocking back and forth in his chair. “Hmm. How to put this without Dean over here having his
Dean turns the corner; a thought occurs. “How did you find out about this case, anyway? Somethin’ like that should have been in the headlines, and I didn’t see anything.”
His impulsivity fading, Castiel shakes his head, says, “I’m sorry, I didn’t—“
“With everyone. I flirt a lot. And I get too friendly and shit. But it doesn’t mean anything, okay? I’m not trying to do anything. Or get in anyone’s pants and… especially not yours because,” he gestures to Castiel again uselessly, “you know. So I’m sorry if I’m freaking you out, I just—“
“Oh yeah? Which one?”
He sank into his consciousness, pulling the layers over him like a blanket; deep and dark.
“Dean!” Sam’s hands grabbed at him. Dean, shaking and breathing heavily, let himself be hauled up to a chair. Claire was on the other side of Dean, eyes wide and scared as she held his arm.
“We’ll blow our cover, Dean.”
“Well, dunno if you’ve realized this but—it’s called the Empty. What did you expect, some kind of carnival?”
Crowley huffed a laugh. “You’re nervous.”
Dean doesn’t know what he did to make Cas retreat back to this coping mechanism; all he knows is that he’s terrified of it. He spoons eggs and bacon onto a plate and deposits it in front of Cas. Forcing his tone to be casual, he says, “Hey, I have an idea. Let’s research here. I’ll hack into someone’s wifi, we’ll use the laptop.”
“Hardly, Dean.”
Castiel can’t seem to process her words fast enough for a logical reply. He simply blinks at her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Immediately wants to close them.
“Bed,” Cas growled out. Dean, not one to argue, let Cas push him toward it.
Dean hesitates. It’s male, but couldn’t possibly be Cas, because the Cas he remembers had an obnoxiously pipsqueak voice, not this gravelly one that sounds like the guy just got finished chewing nails for breakfast. “Uh, hey,” he says.
“Oh, uh.” Dean puts a hand on the back of his neck, hoping it’ll cool the blush that’s forming there. “No, I’m not upset. Just annoyed, I guess.”
Jari leans forward, face earnest, all but wringing her hands. “Did we say something wrong?”
The piece fizzled, blending into another; Cardi B blared through the speakers. With a wide smile, Cas announced, “This is also a good song,” causing Dean to snort his water mid-sip.
“Yeah. Lot of ‘necessary sacrifices’ going around lately.” Realizing what he said, Dean quickly cleared his throat and held up the water. “Brought you this, since you suck at hydrating.”
As soon as he lands on the leather bench seat, he hears Dean yelp, “Son of a bitch!”
Dean interlaces his hands together, elbows resting on his knees. “I don’t know why I keep going over there to help him, or why I keep giving him a second or a thousandth chance to make things right, when he never does. I just don’t want to go over to his house one day and find him…” Dean takes a breath to steady himself and grips his hands tighter. “I just wish I could get away from it. From this house.”
well. But, uh, it was okay. She’s nice. And she is kind of cautious about this whole soulmate thing, too. We’re taking it slow, seeing where things go.”
Cas looks at him another minute with sharp blue eyes, then diverts his attention back to his eggs. “All right.”
His mouth opens slightly as Dean stares at Castiel incredulously. “Thanks, Cas,” he says, softly, and seeming to be caught off guard.
“To quote a turn of phrase you often use, ‘I’ll survive’. Please refill my glass.”
Dean can’t remember the last time he laughed that hard; he almost veered off the road twice as Castiel was asking him “I don’t understand, Dean, what’s wrong?” over and over. Which of course just made Dean laugh harder.
“Getting ready to go out,” he calls over his shoulder. “Probably gonna be gone all afternoon.”
Cas picks up a flier and reads, “‘Monthly Manifesto for Main Street’s Soup Kitchen’?” He snatches another before Dean is able to, and intones, “‘Missing Persons Report in Douglas County’?”
Dean rolls his eyes affectionately at this. They’ve always been an unlikely pair: Cas a PhD candidate in neuroscience, Dean a high school dropout bartender. Even now, sitting in the old rumbly car, Cas looks like he’s being kidnapped by a crazy man in a beat up leather jacket.
“Tell me about this plan,” Dean said, clearing his throat.
Cas’ eyes narrow. “Key Club?”
“It was half of it,” Gabriel said with a tight grin.
Dean opens it and sneezes. It clearly hadn’t been opened since before he had to start shaving on a regular basis. He rifles through the contents: colorful paperclips, a note that a cute girl had written to him in eighth grade, a small notebook that had SAM RULES written on the front that was crossed out and modified to SAM SMELLS. Dean chuckles and launches the notebook at Sam’s head.
Castiel is
“Do you have any plans? It’s already 11:06 in the morning.”
Cas nods, eyes falsely preoccupied with the tips of his boots, scuffed and dirty from the walking path around the lake. “I think that’s a good idea.”
“‘Sorry’?” Cas breathed out. “What—”
“What the fuck, man?” one of the construction workers barked. “You could have been hurt out there. What the hell were you—”
“I don’t… fully know what to make of her.”
rolling into the comments to give a foreboding message of: enjoy this peaceful moment it won't last long.....
“I can’t accept that course of action.”
The only thing that gives away the body’s identity is a familiar salmon-pink polo peeking out from under a leather jacket, and a phone buzzing errantly against the concrete by their feet.
He took off down the street after him, arms pumping. Grabbing his shoulder, Dean spun them around into the alley between the diner and the drug store, slamming him into the brick wall of the building.
“Hey, fingerprints!” Dean scolded, swatting Cas’s hand away.
Cas argued.
The Empty sneered, pulling Cas’s lips back into a terrible smile. “You don’t even know the half of it.” It loomed in front of Gabriel’s face, glaring. “Eons ago, I made a deal with your god—he gives me angels and demons to feast on while they’re asleep, and he gets a place to take out his trash. What he—in fact, what you
“Okay
“I…” Cas takes a breath, lowering his head. His dark hair shadows his eyes. “I deeply empathize with your father. To not have anyone, and to try and fill an empty hole with something else, it’s… understandable.”
“Do you see why I want the damn restraining order now?” Dean asks.
Cas looks up, mouth slightly open. “Oh. I didn’t hear you come in.”
To appease the situation, Dean buys
“There’s a storm coming,” he said, voice hoarse. “Can’t be more than ten miles away.”
situation implodes.”
Jen frowned, lighting her cigarette with a zippo. “Don’t see how that’s relevant to you running at a bulldozer in the middle of the morning. You some kind of tree hugger?”
Castiel selfishly pushes back into Dean’s warmth just a fraction. “Your mother has acquired many amazing things,” he says.
In mock sympathy, Cas tilts his head and raises his eyebrows. “Is the metal too cold? Would you like to sit on my lap?”
But then turns his head; sees Dean bowing his head, gripping the sheets by Castiel’s hand, his breath hitching. Castiel sees the need for his presence, his words, his voice. He remembers Dean’s words, urging him to fight — and he knows that Dean meant fighting more than just Heaven.
“You guys aren’t from around here?”
Looking up at the cloud-casted night sky, Cas nearly laughs. What an apt question. Is Dean okay? Maybe if Dean would finally let Cas explain, let Cas apologize for the whole situation. Maybe if Cas hadn’t left him a year ago and broken the only trust he had with him. Maybe if—
“Castiel and Dean.”
She shrugs, letting the conversation turn away from the awkward moment. “I was against it for a while, but this past year, I dunno. Classes got more interesting and it seemed like a good thing to try. I guess.”
Cas blinks. “Oh.”
Dean gives him a weary smile. “I know, Cas. I know that.”
“What is your…” Castiel slumps against the couch, regarding the ceiling with an overdramatically raised eyebrow. “Favorite movie.”
When he finds Cas again, it’s in the worst kind of circumstances: May and her husband found Cas, and are cornering him in the chips aisle, against the pretzels. Cas’ eyes dart to Dean as he walks toward them, torn between relieved and reluctant to see him again.
“Oh wow.” Dean looks down at his hands, wishing he hadn’t brought up this obviously touchy topic. “That really sucks, Cas.”
Castiel nods distractedly. He clutches the bag of books that Dean purchased for him that morning against his chest as they walk to Mary’s desk and say goodbye.
Like a black hole howling, desperate to suck him in.
“Uh-huh,” Dean says distractedly. He takes a long swing of beer and lets the conversation steer elsewhere.
. And before, Dean didn’t see it. He didn’t want to believe it. The memories flashed in front of him, the Empty roared behind him. Dean clapped his hands over his ears and fell to his knees, his breathing tight, his panic rising—
Dean waits for waking up next to Cas to be weird, or awkward. But it’s not. It’s strangely… normal.
The fall air has gotten crisper in the last half-hour since Dean has left it. He breathes in sharply, letting the cold shock his senses. The crushing feeling in his chest has subsided, now that he’s not in the same room as Cas.
“Hello!” she chimes. “Are you our new neighbor?”
Now, Castiel steps forward to the chainlink fence, gripping the cold metal between his palms. The door a few yards away is inconsequential: chipping red paint, rust creeping up its sides. Yet somehow it holds behind it the apex of Castiel’s life; his compass. He knows he won’t be able to breathe easily until Dean comes through that door.
Dean scoffs, “What, like mom and dad?”
“Jesus, Sam, warn a guy.” Dean hastily shoves the picture back into the box. “And you remember Cas, you dumbass.”
Jody tapped Dean’s arm with a steaming coffee cup. Wiping at his tired eyes, Dean accepted it, taking a quick sip of the bitter drink.
