“How?” Castiel doesn’t understand. She’s a journalist and has nothing to do with the NHL outside of having three half-brothers who play in it.
Then one of the enemy angels looks at Dean, just for a second. And apparently that’s some kinda crime, now, because then Cas zaps over behind him and spears him through the back. The light flares out and Dean covers his eyes in the bend of one arm while reaching into his pocket with his other hand for his knife.
“Dean, what the hell!” Sam can’t believe this. Cas shouldn’t be here, not for this conversation they’re about to try and have. “Are you out of your mind?”
is the teammate who’s frequently acting homophobic - very annoyingly, he does it in a way that clearly thinks he’s more subtle about his bigotry than he is. So watching Victor get impatient with
“Don’t know what to tell ya,” she shrugs. “Course if you get traded again, I can’t actually move with you, so you’ll have to find a real babysitter.”
That gets Dean to stop for a second. He starts pacing a little next to the rounded metal wall, arms folded over his chest.
Anyway someone needs to punish Jensen Ackles for refusing to not be a homophobe when talking about Cas. Trying to be "ambiguous" about the whole thing is the exact opposite of helpful.
Castiel would like some context for this conversation, but not only is he not supposed to be here but this Dean and this Sam haven’t even met him yet. If he appears he’ll only derail the entire thing.
So what if him and Cas are both gay, it’s not like they actually had sex or anything (again). “Are you getting all jealous on me ’cause I’m giving him attention instead?”
It’s a really stupid story, a story he’s actually only ever told Charlie about because he knows she won’t judge him for it - twelve years ago when he was a young rookie Islander, he somehow managed to get sent to the ASG (which… that by itself is just fucking insane, even taking into account him not actually being the first choice to go) and since it was over in Edmonton he didn’t feel bad or nervous about poking through Grindr, especially since he was away from Dad.
There are other coping mechanisms as well, which he learned from multiple different therapists when he was still in school. Mentally he lists everything that he’s done today: they flew in this morning from Colorado, Castiel took a nap the second he got to his apartment, he had a late lunch after he woke up, he and Jack played video games together until Anna arrived, they had dinner, Castiel left to go to Nassau Coliseum on his own.
pissed at you. And I know that everything you ever did is because you thought you were doing the right thing. Maybe that got your ass in hot water a lot, but you never did anything bad for the sake of doing something bad. I’m not mad, Cas. I’m… I’m real fucking sad, okay? I’m sad, and I miss you, and I just want you back.”
Dean picks up the microfiber towel again and wipes it over his lower back to catch some more slow trickles of wing oil. It hasn’t even been that long but this is getting really god damn old already.
“Well, building on that, you more or less take me seriously. Believe it or not, I never had very close contact with humans until I met you and your brother. I always saw value in humanity, but most of the time it seemed a lot more worth it to punish the shitty ones than talk to the more superior specimens.” His wing twitches ever so slightly at the sensation of several old feathers falling away. “After that, I took an interest in you pretty much immediately. That’s why I kept trying to teach you lessons.”
Words are fleeing from his brain and in approximately thirty seconds he will lose the ability to speak beyond nodding or shaking his head. There have even been incidents in the past where he’s been unable to do that much. This is his third panic attack today; today has, in fact, been very bad for him.
“Thank you.” Castiel pulls the padding out of his shin guards with the awful noise of Velcro ripping away from itself and drops them in the pile with his compression layer, his skate socks and the royal blue shell of his pants so that they can all go in the washing machine. “I don’t know if I like this team,” he admits, peeling the sweat-absorbing pad out of his helmet and throwing it away. “The coach is overly-critical and the center on my line is insufferable.”
Dean spends the next twenty minutes holding the end of “his” right wing and yanking scorched feathers out. The itchiness starts going down almost immediately, which is great, but this is a tedious pain in the ass because there’s not just feathers, there’s also down, which is still just fluffy enough to go
Cas says in way that sounds totally fucking robotic and obviously cruelly hammered into him by someone at some point.
Sam sighs and at last pulls over a chair to sit, folding his hands together between his knees. “Okay. Sure. Hit me.”
Maybe a hundred feet away, Dean can hear Gabriel and Jack attempting to drown each other in the ocean by summoning progressively bigger waves; Sammy, probably with Bitchface Number Three, is yelling at them to stop and being stubbornly ignored by both parties. Dean wishes Mom came with them, but she stayed at the bunker to help Bobby keep things in order until Sam gets back.
“Okay, look, Cas. If the fucker really wants in, he’s prob’ly gonna find a way in no matter what you do. When something’s coming after you, it goes in this order: your first choice is to run, then if you can’t run you hide, and if you can’t do either, fight. You’re not trained or armed, fighting should be the last resort for you. Keep your phone and your keys in your pocket at all times. Now if you get stuck in there and have to hide, call me. Call and say nothing, I’ll assume the worst and come running. But we don’t want it coming to that, okay? Your best bet is to escape if you can and come to me instead.”
“So, for people who are mentally healthy, they’re usually on the ‘positive’ end. People who have difficulties with their mental health are below a zero,” she explains, pointing with capped end of the marker to indicate. “Now medication can get us from a negative to a zero, but what are some things we can do for ourselves to get to a positive number?”
it has! There’s finally a door at the end of the hall. Dean growls and goes over to it to read the label.
“Yeah, I can be pissed and not want you to straight up murder the guy!” he yells, throwing his arms out to his sides and almost flinging the whiskey bottle by accident. “I’m not gonna let you do this, so come up with something better!”
So my thought process with the addition of Michael and him not being as much of a dick as Raphael was that in the show, out of all the archangels, he's the only one besides Gabriel who seems like he can actually be reasoned with to some degree. We see it a little bit in s5 when he possesses John and has a very calm and rational discussion with Dean, and then later in s15 when he allows himself to be convinced to help them get into Purgatory and especially by his essentially symbiotic relationship to Adam where he cohabitates rather than full-on possesses.
Well, Dean’s away from the corner now. Mostly because he’s storming outta the kitchen and then outta the house altogether. It ain’t the first time Cas has tried that, but Dean clearly won’t have it. Bobby’s getting sick of them both behaving this way and going by what Dean would call an epic bitchface Sam’s done with them, too. Something has to happen… and since Sam is also refusing to talk to Cas, that means Bobby’s the one who’s gonna have to make that something happen. As always.
“No, she’s dead,” Castiel says flatly. “I didn’t know her well. Michael and Gabriel were much more upset than I was when she passed, and I didn’t meet Anna until after I was traded to the Rangers. She’s a journalist and she saw my name in the paper.”
Dean makes one omelet first and feeds it to Cas in its entirety before making a second one for himself, because otherwise his breakfast would get cold before he could get to it. Cas sits and drinks orange juice through a straw while observing Dean taking his prescriptions with swallows of coffee.
“So, let’s get you all loaded up with cavities,” Gabriel jokes, reaching into a cargo pocket on his pants and producing lemon pudding cups, Snickers bars, and three individually wrapped cookies - white chocolate chips and macadamia nuts. “I checked first, you can just keep this stuff here and it’s totally fine.”
“…well as long as you’re not drinking,” he cedes. “Dean, I don’t know what he’s been in because for one thing I wouldn’t go out of my way to watch porn of my brother and for another he only does straight porn so I wouldn’t even run the risk of seeing him by accident. If you need that list, you’ll have to ask him for it, not me.”
Cas is woken by Gabriel repeatedly poking him in the side with the remote. “Rise and shine, Cassie! Don’t you have lunch with Anna and the dick today?”
It’s bizarrely gentle, the way he asks that. Dean’s kinda surprised - usually Cas is a lot blunter than this. Apparently he suddenly grew some tact sometime in the last two days.
Dean doesn’t grab Cas by the shoulder this time - instead, he holds his hand. Cas looks really surprised about that, but in a good way. He gives up the peanut butter sandwich and then starts talking.
“Yes, this is true. It confuses me that a Nephilim would be designated as a Prophet, but that’s beside the point.”
“Thank you. And in return I’m going to also do my best to gain a more thorough understanding of human emotions so that I can be better at communicating with you.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, even though Dean can’t hear him. He sighs noiselessly, surrounded by the quiet of the library. “I’m sorry I can’t remove your pain permanently.” There’s an odd catharsis to speaking the words aloud, even with nobody present to bear witness.
Dean remembers how to eat food after that, so they’re quiet for a few minutes while he shovels down his stack of waffles and then switches the empty plate out for the full one that Cas hasn’t touched. He can’t really look at Cas right now, though, because Cas is staring in that way Cas always stares that’s getting pulled in three directions between concerned and fond and mesmerized. Dean can’t not feel weird whenever Cas looks at him like that, because he’s almost positive it means his soul is getting ogled.
dads is possessing your other real dad right now. There’s a ginormous list of reasons nobody wanted you talking to him, and it’s nothing to do with you. You’re a good kid and your head’s screwed on right as far as I can see. But Lucifer? You know how Sam and Dean are. They’re brothers, they love each other. Lucifer is my brother. And I don’t want to be anywhere near him.”
Dean gets back on his skates and almost can’t curl his fingers around his stick, because of god damn course he had to hurt his dominant hand. When he gets another pass from Benny, it takes everything he has not to drop his fucking stick and clutch his right arm to his chest, and when he wings it over to Crowley his jaw clenches so hard he almost thinks he’s about to bite right through his mouthguard.
Ultimately he’s late for his first therapy session due to traffic lights apparently conspiring against him, and once he does arrive it’s sadly predictable with him answering the same two hundred questions every therapist has always had for him during initial visits ever since he was a child. And his day does not improve from there, because shortly after he returns home his phone rings again.
The rest of warm-ups goes pretty okay; it’s all the standard stuff, taking pot-shots at Garth to get him in the zone and doing their stretching routines and flipping pucks up over the glass so that the mob of kids gathered there can catch them as souvenirs. They eventually get off the ice and go back to the locker room, and Dean has to stand up in front of them and
This happens eight times in succession until Dean’s father eventually stops calling. Cas wonders if he’s actually given up or if he’s only waiting several minutes in hopes that someone else will answer. So Cas sits by the phone and draws bees using a clipboard to hold the paper. He puts as many as will fit on the page and then starts over with a fresh sheet. And the phone rings again.
“Cas showed up when I was a kid,” he babbles, not able to think about anything else. “He’s. He. Fucking
“I heard somewhere you ain’t supposed to do that. Let your kids figure it out on their own… course you weren’t a kid anymore when I heard that, but still.”
The checking line is on again and they bully the Oilers out into the middle of the ice, but again, it’s less challenging than it should be. The Islanders are almost making sloppy passes and getting lazy already, it’s bad form, they aren’t taking their enemy seriously. Castiel takes further mental notes. He’s going to speak with everyone about this later, too, perhaps on the plane to San Jose tomorrow. Just because the other team is fucking up doesn’t mean they should get less aggressive.
In the middle of all this, Dean does notice that Jack has a little bit of natural talent going for him. He has to wonder if Jack really is straight up adopted, because the kid does kinda look like Cas from some angles and this is almost too big of a coincidence. He’ll have to ask the next time he talks to Cas.
Or maybe not - Castiel almost doesn’t notice himself falling until he’s already hitting the floor of the hallway. He gasps like a human would in an oxygen-deficient atmosphere, struggling to roll onto his side and accidentally sandwiching his right wing between his vessel’s shoulder and the white tile. His grace balls up in his chest, futilely trying to heal around the foreign object lodged there, and he starts to drool blood. The others both stop and watch, hesitant to intervene. He may explode for real this time and they don’t want to touch him. He doesn’t blame them for that.
Castiel tunes out John’s predictable angry tangent like always, simply going through the motions with no energy left to put behind them. He abruptly realizes that he’s packing his gearbag when he’s already halfway through doing it, which isn’t unusual in any case. The routine is so ingrained at this point that he can do it while horribly concussed and get the exact same result.
Mary shrieks in terror and then a flash of pain shoots through his upper back as she rips out fistfuls of his feathers in an attempt to catch herself. He hears her thump against the floor and when he turns she’s sitting and marveling at what’s in her hands, completely unconcerned about what just happened. Her own wings flap slightly, obviously in reflex. She doesn’t even appear to notice.
This is what follows Dean around all the time in the back of his head, and right now it’s rearing up, because there’s an adorable five-year-old sat in his living room right now, watching cartoons and being all normal and shit. But this is like a free trial before Dean would have to pay some outrageous price for the actual software. He’ll never get to have it for real. That’s his teammate’s kid who he’s babysitting. And by the time Dean retires from hockey he’ll be in his mid-forties probably, way too late to be starting a god damn family.
“Yes, I see.” Cas opens one of his cookies and takes a small bite of it. “I would like to have a pet. Raphael always told me I would never be able to take care of it even if my apartment building allowed animals.”
The guy goes sprawling, knocking into Dean. He can’t get his balance back fast enough to keep from falling, and when he hits the ice something definitely goes
“You’re welcome. I’ve managed to get him to start eating regularly at meal times, I feel this could’ve set him back.”
“Alright, alright, I think we can stop here.” The angel blades get stowed and they wander out into the hall. Jack’s feathers are all floofed in a way that betrays his annoyance, except in spots where they’re matted down. Gabriel frowns at his young nephew, noticing more and more patches of bent and broken feathers the longer he looks. “Nobody taught you to groom your wings, did they?”
Today is day sixty five. Cas decides to attend afternoon group, but only because Dean has promised to go with him. There are four demons in this group and Cas still doesn’t know what happened to his wings, but Dean used to kill people for a living so if he’s there Cas is safe for sure and it doesn’t matter so much.
“They’re only dreams,” he says, because he’s sure that’s what’s wrong. “Your mind is trying to hurt you but it can’t actually do anything.” Cas rests his palm on Dean’s back. “I can bring you a soda.”
“I just wanted you to know in case it does so that you don’t have to be surprised. But Dean and Cas are pretty much a guaranteed thing once they - okay, once
“Cas.” Dean’s voice is a rasp and a whimper at the same time, somehow. “I uh. I haven’t prayed since y-since. Y’know. I guess I didn’t think you can hear me. I gotta say some stuff, if that’s okay.” He wipes his nose on the back of his wrist. “Fuck, Cas, I’m sorry for bein’ such a dick to you all those times, first of all. And when I had the Mark, how I beat the fuck outta you when you were just tryna help me… god, Cas, how can you love me when I’m so awful?” Dean chokes on a sob for a few seconds and gasps before he can talk again. “I just. I never would’a… I never would’a been so shitty to you if I knew we weren’t just friends, and that really says somethin’ about how bad I am to my friends, huh? I know you said all that stuff when Billie was comin’ after us and all… and I’m sorry… but you’re so fuckin’ wrong, Cas, I’m
“There, see?” Dean grins when Jack skates the whole two hundred feet backwards without falling once. “I’mma tell you something I saw once like… on the internet somewhere. ‘Amateurs practice until they get it right, but professionals practice until they don’t get it wrong.’ So you keep doing this, keep working on it, until you can do it every time without crashing, okay? And you’ll be one’a the best skaters on your team.”
Sam temporarily sets his fork into his bowl so that he can rub his face. “Sure. Yeah. Let me finish eating. Uh, how many wings do you have?”
The medical trainers walk onto the ice with their stretcher. It must be a head injury, that’s why they need so long to move him, they have to brace his neck first. Anyone who leaves on a stretcher won’t come back for the rest of the game. Sims isn’t even sent to the box, the officials determine a game misconduct and he’s ejected entirely for the remainder of the match. No doubt a suspension or a fine will follow.
Cas watches his feet. “Dean. I… when Raphael began threatening to restart the apocalypse, this was before Sam came back into your life. You were with Lisa and Ben, and I know how hard you worked to get away from hunting after what happened at Stull. You already did so much for the world, Dean. I didn’t feel I had the right to ask for anything else.”
So incidentally I love Mary and she, like most of the characters on the show who aren't cishet male and/or white, deserved better. She's literally the first character they fridge in the show and then they fridge her
The ambiance of this location has the gravity of all things ancient. The only light sources are candles in black wrought-iron holders and oil lamps, which leave streaks of dark soot on whichever surfaces are closest to them. Row upon row upon row of shelves are lined up to either side, filled almost to bursting with books. Upon closer inspection the tomes are bound in cracked leather and Castiel can tell by the smell how old and brittle the pages are, although this is apparently incongruous to reality because when he picks one up and attempts to open it he finds it impossible to move the cover even a millimeter. He replaces it and begins walking deeper into the library.
“Yeah, well, it’s because your dads are idiots who can’t figure anything out. And not only that, they’re
watching Dean die slowly and painfully for absolutely no good reason at all! Was there some malfunction in your brain? Were you aware that you’re suffering from an utter lack of regard for his safety, now? Explain to me why you thought this was in
“Yes, aside from my hands. I have something to tell you, in part because you said before that you wished I’d come to you instead of harboring the knowledge on my own.”
“Alright, I’m sorry.” At least he actually does look sorry when he says that. “So he’s uh, sleeping? Why don’t you just wake him up and talk?”
can’t trust. Bobby and Sam who’d rather fucking murder his idiot friend instead of figuring out an actual solution to this bullshit. He scrunches his eyes shut and prays.
and for a second thing he got traded to them last season from the New Jersey Devils, so it just makes sense. At first it was supposed to be kinda mean-spirited but of course the fucker actually enjoyed it and it stuck. (Although, Dean can’t really blame him - whose mother names them Fergus anyway? That’s just cruel.)
“Last time I saw Bobby was when Crowley tried stuffing his soul back into Hell during the second trial.”
A nurse. There’s a nurse in his presence. He’s speaking to Cas but Cas can’t separate his words, understand him. He’s a voice approximately three feet away, that’s all. It’s not soothing or helpful, it’s scenery, part of the backdrop provided for this particular episode of being helplessly overwhelmed.
“Knock it off down there,” John barks. “Y’all fucked up and next time either of you wonders why you’re stuck on the fourth line I want you to remember this moment.”
For so very many things, but Castiel doesn’t say that. He reaches inwards to reorder Dean’s short-term memory, so that John was not injured and the hunt was successful. As much as he loathes doing so he heals Dean’s father’s arm, only performing the action on Dean’s behalf, and leaves behind the effects of alcohol consumption as an explanation for drowsiness.
Not that he doesn’t have good reason to believe that, Castiel realizes with a deep well of shame and regret. He’d assumed that because Dean never asked him to stay that his presence or lack thereof was inconsequential, but now he understands that Dean, in true Dean fashion, was simply unable to voice any desire for Castiel to be present. Said desire has, in fact, been there the whole time. And the only instance where Dean tried to make that desire known, to ask Castiel not to leave him, was moments before the Shadow arrived to steal both celestial beings from the room.
Crowley has completely derailed whatever it is John was trying to berate them for, now segued into an anecdote about something ridiculous that happened to him when he played for Traktor Chelyabinsk in the KHL, which Castiel devotes exactly zero effort into following along with.
“Dean, he is me. You shouldn’t allow yourself to consider us separate entities. We’re the same angel from different points in time. It’s like saying you’ll be a completely different human in two years from the one you are now. I promise you, you’re the same man then. If anything, slightly more loving, or at least slightly more open about it.”
“Yeah, okay, sure. What does that have to do with…” And then it clicks. Cas’ vessel looks off because it’s aged a couple of years. “You’re from the future?”
“It’s a special kind of angel blade, only archangels get them. And you can kill an archangel with it, but only if you’re another archangel. And it kills basically everything else, too, not just archangels. Now you’re not
Cas shakes his head and hugs himself tighter. A nurse gives him his ativan and a carton of orange juice, and once he’s taken it Dean’s arm moves across his shoulders. Cas lets the nurses pat his hands sometimes but in general doesn’t like to be touched by people… this, though, he’s alright with. Dean will protect him from Raphael. He’s safe with Dean.
“I’m an angel, Dean. I know you because I’m not from this time. You haven’t met me yet… although, I suppose now technically you have.”
“Well, um, it means that any medical and psychiatric treatments will be run by her. But hopefully whenever possible they’ll also have to get your consent, too. You’re cognizant and more or less aware of your surroundings, so I’m gonna do my best to make sure you have some say in things going forward. You will probably be able to leave the hospital eventually.”
Maybe because he has no other friends besides Dean. Sam doesn’t really count, he’s Cas’ lawyer, are they even allowed to be friends? And Dean’s just-just
“Gabe, did you ever think maybe you should just talk to him?” Dean snickers, stepping around him to get a beer out of the fridge.
“Yep. Well, Lucifer invented demons and he created Hell. You think someone who can make either of those things isn’t also bad? I promise he didn’t do it by accident, either.”
“Sounds like half the times I use Grindr,” he snorts. “Yeah, just c’mon over on Saturday, we can take turns playing Doom Eternal and then get smashed and watch one’a the real bad ones like
“Well, yes, that, too, but…” Cas pauses and for a few seconds Dean gets a look at something that happened to him years ago, conversations with Anna about being fallen, her trying to reassure him that it was actually the right choice for him, scrambling everything he thought he knew about himself. And eventually, thanks to encouragement from someone who knew what they were talking about, Cas rebelled against Heaven to try and save Dean from fate. Dean didn’t realize he closed his eyes until now when he opens them again. “I know it’s not entirely the same. But in a sense, it’s still learning to escape brainwashing.”
mean, I’m a mean drunk sometimes too but I got nothing on how he was. And.” Dean can’t look at her anymore so he watches his hands on the table instead. “He actually got
Castiel sits, drinks Gatorade, chews his mouthguard. He watches his teammates. Dean, despite all the criticism John sends his way, is an incredibly talented and truly spectacular hockey player. He’s extremely competent at reading the ice and anticipating the moves of everyone around him, and his skill with the puck seems above average for a defenseman.
“Please understand that there’s an important difference. I saved your life because I wanted you to live, but you’re refusing to do so. I know my decision has wounded you and I’m sorry for that, but you need to understand-”
“You and your brother have both taken an interest in helping me disentangle my issues. So in return, is there anything I can do for you to help you? Considering you’re also in a state of extreme difficulty.”
“Because, it’s…” Dean trails off and shakes his head, which is extremely unhelpful in Castiel’s opinion. “Never mind. You gonna let me help or not?”
“Don’t tell Dean,” he begs, his voice croaking treacherously. “Sam, please don’t tell Dean. They’ll kill him.”
“Because Heaven’s functionaries have white wings. Garrison warriors have black feathers, and I used to be one of those. Then God promoted me to seraph and they changed color.”
“Yeah, it’s our first home game in January. Don’t worry, I’ll get you the good tickets, I always do,” he promises, then clears his throat. “Hey, uh, can I call you back in like an hour and a half? I’m kinda in the middle of something right now with a teammate.”
Cas picks up his dessert and places it on the other lunch tray as an offering. “You’re a good friend, Dean.”
Castiel sighs through his nose. “I thought you’re supposed to keep your arm in a sling to help the swelling.”
“Yes, apparently I’m not an angel and there aren’t demons everywhere like I was led to believe by my own mind.”
So he ends up in front of the PR camera again. They ask him to say why he waited until now to come out (which he of course lies about because the actual answer isn’t media friendly), and to go on about how supportive his teammates are, which is a bunch of half-truths. He makes jokes about how they were apparently taking bets on him the whole time and meanwhile on the inside he’s still kinda freaking out about that.
Crowley smiles and Castiel grudgingly resists the urge to punch it right off his stupid annoying face, mainly because if that did happen sports journalism and Deadspin and every media outlet in-between would have a field day. Fortunately Crowley doesn’t have the chance to keep harassing him, because their line is sent to change on man-by-man with the puck still in play.
Finally that goes away too. Dean wipes his face on his palm and tries to get his breaths to stop shaking, and he stares into an empty white room. Cas is standing in the middle, perfectly still, back to Dean.
“I don’t think it matters very much,” Jack answers. “Don’t worry, it’ll only hurt for five or six seconds.”
“Um. If I could go back and tell my past self something. I would. I would tell him to not listen to my dad and never join the army in the first place. It fucked me up so bad, I should’a tried harder to figure out a different job. I had some good friends there but. Maybe they would’a been better off if they never met me. Probably at least a few’a them would. Would still be alive. And uh…” Dean shakes his head and crumples the paper. “I ain’t reading the rest’a this.”
have been out there for some time, though, and at the nearest opportunity come barreling over to change with the third pair. Dean seems to miscalculate what he’s doing at the last second, slamming into the bench wall and toppling himself over it to land on several pairs of skated feet. Castiel reaches down with the hand not holding his stick to help his captain up.
Cas’ hand also gradually comes across from the other side, warm and dry when it eventually settles in his.
And in the amount of time it takes for him to blink, Dean becomes the voice-in-the-head and Cas gets behind the wheel. It’s so fucking bizarre, too, because Dean can still perceive everything while being his best friend’s meat-puppet. But it’s also way different, because with Cas being the main inhabitant of Dean’s body his physiology changes a lot. His bones are stainless steel, his muscles are industrial grade hydraulics. He could get hit by a train and be perfectly fine in about five minutes.
“That’s. Dean, that’s a nice idea, but I had a panic attack at Wal-Mart while looking at movies the morning before Lucifer attacked me. This may bring up unpleasant memories.”
First, he opens his eyes and is surprised that he’s in his bedroom in the bunker and not getting chased through Hell by some greater demon. Second, he’s
“There’s different kinds of angels,” Sam says impatiently. “If you were going to turn me into an angel, what kind would I end up being?”
Castiel has no understanding of this ritual, and watches Dean and Sam sing the song at her without participating while Sam films on his cell phone. Dean helps her blow out the candle and she gorges on a piece of cake. Half the cake is simply handed over to Gabriel in the first place once Mary has been served. Sam points the phone camera at Castiel.
“Cas, if you don’t like women, why’d you let me take you to the whorehouse?” Dean blurts out, because now he’s gotta know.
Once his phone is safe supposing one of his teammates decides to prank him by getting into it somehow, Dean switches from the pajamas he had on for his pregame nap to his game day suit. It’s annoying in kinda the same way that it’s annoying when they play in Dallas, except Florida is way worse because at least Dallas cools off at night and isn’t humid as fuck. Dean hates his stupid necktie and button shirt already and he hasn’t even left the safety of the air conditioned hotel yet.
Dean has gotten away with not saying the most important parts of things for years and years and years. And Cas said part of happiness is saying it. So Dean should probably suck it up and fucking say what he means for once, because if he does Cas might stay this time.
Castiel shakes his head slowly, and recalls something Dean said to him, many years ago. “No. You had a choice. You just made the wrong one.”
“It can wait until you’re rested.” Castiel thinks briefly and decides what he’s about to say will be better received now than the other time he told Dean this: “I’ll watch over you.”
For now, though, he’s hanging out with his brand-new assistant captain at his favorite barbecue place and he’s probably gonna end up explaining why he’s still closeted to this guy that he barely knows. Fan-fucking-tastic.
But he doesn’t say that part. He can’t. That’s the only thing he has to hang onto. There wouldn’t be any point saying it now, not when he’s dying…
Castiel puts away his phone, ignores his head coach’s yelling, and mentally prepares himself for the 2nd. They’re down a forward, so the lines will be strange at times, but it’s workable and they’re up two goals. Winning this match is easily within the realm of possibility so long as they stop being lazy and put in the work for the remaining forty minutes.
Warmups finish without any incidents, they get their typical “do better you worthless dumbasses” speech from John, the checking line and the second D-pair are sent to start, everyone stands for the Star Spangled Banner. Dean keeps his eyes fixed on his younger guys out on the ice, making mental notes like he always does about stuff they could stand to work on during their next practice. Alan needs to be just slightly more decisive in his passes; Kenny keeps getting himself stapled into the sideboards and should learn to avoid that better. Ed and Harry work well together like always, unless one of them gets traded Dean can already tell they’ll be lifelong lineys.
“We’re fine,” Castiel insists, shaking his head slightly. He misses his mouthguard, he desperately needs to chew on something.
“Antipsychotics have horrendous side-effects and require weeks or months to achieve the desired results. Forgive me for not appreciating that.”
“I suppose there’s no harm in trying,” he agrees. “And it’ll give me something to do while I wait for everyone else to wake up again.”
And that’s exactly what he wants. It’s hard to think. But he knows he wants it this way. He can go now. A memory loop should start for him, soon. Like ten years ago. This time the loop will be longer. And it will have Cas. Maybe not for real, but he doesn’t care. Even reruns are welcome to him now.
“I’m not sure what I can do. Sam is my friend and you can’t coerce a human into loving you. A book on angel magic would be an excellent gift for him if it wasn’t such a dangerous object.”
Dean buries his hands in Castiel’s feathers. His grace instantly reacts to the contact, flushing into his wings and seeking out the familiar cozy warmth of Dean’s beautiful soul. In the immaterial realm, hidden from earthbound creatures and further buffered by the veil, electrical currents crackle and leap throughout Castiel’s trueform. This miniature version of the human that his grace has so deeply bonded with is in tactile communion with a fragile part of his being, yet there’s nothing dangerous about it at all. The only dynamic at work here is one of innocence and wonder, of indulging curiosity and a sense of growing amazement. Castiel has never allowed a human to touch or even fully witness his wings before. How fitting that it should be Dean, any incarnation of Dean, to be the first - and likely only.
And he is, honest. But he’s also incredibly fucking jealous, too. They keep talking for about twenty minutes and Dean refuses to show even a tiny hint that he’s having less than stellar feelings about this. They should get to enjoy their moment. Then when the conversation ends any good thoughts instantly dissolve. He’s the older brother, shouldn’t he have had kids first? Why does his fucking job have to fuck everything else up for him? If he was some normal guy - maybe a mechanic like Bobby - he probably would have a husband and a family by now. But no. Dad fucked him royally by making him obsess over hockey, he got drafted into the NHL and now it’s too late for him. He may never get to get married and fucking forget about having kids at all…
Dean’s eyebrows rise comically high on his forehead and he’s silent for a moment. “Okay. Wow. Can’t say I was expecting that today.”
“Not with your hands, no. But with your joke-spell. That could be considered touching. The fact that he allowed that to happen, because he certainly could’ve stopped it if he’d wanted to, speaks to how serious he is about this. In fact he even asked me for input as to why you got so upset with him. The situation is simply the result of two largely incompatible means of communication and thinking. Interspecies courting can be difficult.”
Everyone’s dressed for practice and then it’s speech time - first the usual rant from John, demanding an exceptional performance from them this year because last year they didn’t make it past the first round of playoffs, and then Dean has to stand up and give a hi-I’m-your-captain-now-but-don’t-worry-we’re-all-equals shpeil.
“Thank you,” Layla whispers. She reaches out to grab his hand and there are tears welling up in her eyes. “And you said. You said Dean asked you to come?”
“With that in mind statistically speaking flying is safer than driving in a car,” Castiel continues.
“Yeah, well… I was tryna die.” His voice cracks on the last syllable. “Sam came over at exactly the wrong moment and stopped me from blowing my own head off. But I was also on my second bottle of whiskey by then too. So he dragged my worthless ass to the ER and I got detoxed, and then they sent me here. I can’t sleep without it… not very well, anyway.”
“Yeah, well, nobody’s asking you to,” Dean mutters, then clumsily reaches an arm behind him to scratch his own back. He’s been itchy as hell all day for no reason; scratching doesn’t work that well, and he even tried putting on another shirt but it made no difference. It’s really starting to piss him off but he has no idea what to do about it. “Gabe, are you fucking with me?”
“No.” Prior-Castiel stands, now, posture gradually becoming more defiant as his wings start to spread again. “No, that’s not-”
Tim Janklow gets boxed and their first penalty killing unit changes on - Harry Spangler, Ed Zeddmore, Alan Corbett and Daniel Elkins. Three young guys and a veteran assistant captain to lead.
Cas nods and closes his eyes, immeasurably grateful for the feeling of being nestled between Dean’s arms and chest. Dean is special and important. Cas isn’t sure but he suspects that Dean is the type of friend that one hangs onto. He falls asleep by accident and wakes up on the morning of day sixty eight with Dean not only still wrapped around him from behind but also slumbering peacefully for a change. Usually he’ll be awake before Cas, regardless of whether he actually gets out of bed.
“Actually he kinda has a point on that one, buddy,” Dean grumbles. “Hey Bobby, if you knew so long, how come you never said anything?”
as many as I would average on a fic in most of my previous fandoms. You guys are the best and I love you all <3
Dean groans at himself and goes to find Sam, because who the fuck else is he gonna talk to about this right now. This sucks. This sucks so bad, it’s Dean’s fault Cas has been so miserable all these years when he could’ve fixed
They dispense the benzodiazepine medication to him and the nurse sits with him until he can breathe again. He still wonders where his wings went, he can’t feel them. But he’s sure they’re supposed to be there, he only can’t find them in the mirror when he looks…
“Yeah. Not my type, but definitely yours. Too bad they’ll toss you if you try to get in his pants, right?”
“Healing slowly. I can cautiously predict that this won’t be necessary for more than a month or so, six weeks at most. I’m surprised he allowed it at all, to be honest. Usually Dean tends to roll over and accept death rather than put himself in such a compromising situation.”
“Yeah, us humans blow you guys outta the water, Cas. We don’t gotta come up with goofy shit like that ’cause we can just say ‘sweetheart.’”
Castiel sighs at his helmet - it’s also technically wrong, but the shades of blue are similar enough that it’ll be much harder to notice. He plasters a new sweat-wicking liner onto the area of padding that touches his forehead and then starts to carefully peel the stickers off the outside.
“You have two options,” Cas insists. “You can take care of yourself on your own or I’ll be impossible and annoying until you do.”
“YOU DUMBASS” Dean signs, given they’re not wearing their armored gloves at the moment. “WHY DID YOU BREAK HIS NOSE?”
“Not long,” Castiel says, refusing to give away how discomforted he is. “Less than two weeks if I remember correctly.”
Castiel does not look at his brother, keeping his eyes firmly fixed on his still nearly bald wing; some hints of down have begun to appear, soft and pale gray around the first tiny developments of brand new flight feathers. Currently he’s using a soft cloth to wipe away most of the oil that his uropygial glands are overproducing in order to facilitate Dean’s comfort.
“We’re not talking about demons.” Castiel guesses that Mary is becoming fed up and that this conversation has been running in circles for a very long time. They’re both clearly exhausted from being on the road as well. “Couldn’t both of them get different vessels?”
Cas naps for about an hour and fifteen minutes, and once he starts grumbling and stretching Dean sits up a little straighter.
Suddenly Dean’s back in charge. “Sunuva bitch - give a guy some warning, Cas! Fuck!” He shakes his head. “Sammy, you’re gonna be fine. And angel feathers are the softest god damn thing
“Yeah, shut the fuck up. Your lying ass is coming back to Bobby’s with me and you’re gonna explain yourself to them, and then we’re gonna figure this shit out.”
“NO BUT I NEED TIME TO THINK SO THAT I DON’T TALK LIKE A DUMBASS ABOUT IT” Dean says, grinning at him.
“Because I’m trying to help, there are programs available for family members of military personnel and we’re looking into whether any of them will benefit you.”
They all watch him in silence, and Dean is seriously about to start begging god or whoever for an immediate and painless death when fucking Victor of all people starts cracking up.
“It’s okay, Uncle Gabe, I think you’re funny,” Jack smiles, even though he’s never met Crowley and clearly doesn’t get the punchline of the prank.
Cas looks down and plays with it. Dean hopes that whoever decided NHL players need to wear suits when travelling for games as well as for home matches died a slow, horrible death, because clearly that person never had to go to Texas in a button shirt and a necktie.
“Presumably we believe that since we’re currently ahead of them on the scoreboard that we shouldn’t run ourselves ragged with two periods left in the game,” Crowley snarks from the corner.
Cas raises a trembling arm and lands his palm on Dean’s skin. “I recall your rant on the topic. That was me interfering, by the way. I think it helped attract the attention of Death.”
“I don’t know, just stop tryna get me to go after Cas. I don’t fuck around with teammates, it’s unprofessional and shit.”
“You’re sharing a body with one of your friends. I don’t know that much about angels besides how to kill them, but I’m pretty sure it doesn’t usually shake out like that.”
“Are you sure? Maybe he does and just feels embarrassed about it. Dean, you need to get laid. He’s right there and you obviously have a thing for him, plus you already know he finds you attractive enough to get into bed with. As long as neither of you says anything about it to the team it should be fine and then all that horrible sexual tension that I constantly have to hear about will go away!”
She’s a young human, and critically ill. Castiel senses the cancerous cells growing inside of her brain matter. She’s sitting in a comfortable chair of her bedroom with a half-full mug of tea and a book, and at the sound of his wings looks up only to be startled and frightened by his presence.
“Relax,” his brother snorts. “Me and Sam and Jack have been working on it together the last couple weeks. Jack’s super-extra-majorly powerful, but he’s just a baby, and I’m only one currently-guy-shaped-wavelength of celestial intent. There needs to be at least one other archangel to help me out with everything on my plate.”
They talk for some time while Dean fidgets in a nearby chair and sometimes interrupts Sam with sarcastic remarks.
“…alright, Dean. In the interest of indulging your film habits, I’ll stay with you even once my recovery period has expired,” he agrees.
“Dean’s right,” Sam interjects. “Are there um. Signs to look for, maybe? Anything to indicate where it’ll be born? Maybe we can find them and protect them.”
“Dean wasn’t kidding, they’re really soft,” Sam comments. An almost inaudible inward breath is taken. “Alright, hit me.”
“Since when do you get embarrassed about anything, Feathers?” Dean realizes two things as he’s saying it - that he doesn’t need to cry anymore, which is great, and also that his mother is looking at him like he’s a lunatic. To be fair, he probably is, just in other ways. “Sorry.”
“I got a crick in my neck,” he complains, which isn’t what he actually wants to say but it’s the safest thing he can think of instead of trying to do the
“Possibly my sister Anna. We’re not always on the best terms, but I’m confident she wouldn’t deliberately harm me. I believe the nurses will have contact info for her, and if not they will have the info for my father and you can reach her through him.”
are sent to the red line for the faceoff to open the period. Castiel is seated between Crowley and Kevin.
“Lucifer,” Gabe complains. “And by the way, thanks for just dropping in on us like that, if you hadn’t I’d probably be in one piece right now…”
The significance of that isn’t that Charlie can’t afford her own Xbox (she works at Roman Enterprises and could totally buy one) but that the Xbox is one of the excuses they use to hang out for no good reason so that they don’t have to feel bad about wasting their downtime when both of them probably have better stuff to do.
“I wouldn’t have thought the two activities were in any way comparable,” Castiel says, rolling his eyes and subsequently treating himself to a large swallow of Gatorade.
The girl smiles at them both. “My boyfriend hates shopping too,” she says, probably directed at Dean because he’s the one she’s looking at. “He’s so cute, if I could just get him to dress
“I was busy protecting Anna from them, but I’m sure you don’t remember that.” The words seem stiff from the other end of the line. “It doesn’t mean I didn’t care.”
“Maybe someday.” Dean needs to tell him. A Waffle House is as good a place as any, right? “A really long time ago, like right after I got outta Hell, I was talking about something kinda related to this with Anna, and she said she preferred being human because humans can feel anything. I never thought you could even - Cas, I’m sorry. I mean I sorta knew you could feel some kinda emotions or whatever, but I figured it was prob’ly different somehow for you.”
Play stops on an offside; the fourth line and the first D-pair change on. Dean and Benny take position a few feet back from the dot and Crowley moves a little too soon, so he gets tossed and Castiel takes the faceoff instead. The linesman drops the puck and Castiel slaps it directly onto the blade of Dean’s stick like he’s got eyes in the back of his head or something.
at Sam. It’s as much about getting Sam out of the room as it is stopping Dean from doing anything stupid.
“A hockey player,” Dean says, and it doesn’t even feel like a lie because the truth is he never learned to want anything else.
Dean can’t ever say this to anybody, but it suddenly comes to him now. He knows beyond any shadow of reasonable doubt that if he has to suffer it all over again, if he has to see Cas die one more time, then he’s gonna fucking shoot himself because he just can’t do that anymore. He
Dean is severely injured, so much so that he should absolutely not be out of the hospital and approaching a dirty motel with Sam. But more importantly Dean is also critically demoralized and depressed. Even from a distance, the psychological pain radiates so strongly that Castiel’s wings droop and his legs almost buckle. Tracks of moisture leak down his face before he regains his faculties and halts his vessel’s physical reactions to the situation.
The room is quiet for a very long time. Castiel assumes Dean is processing the information he’s been given.
the difference. Jack is still kinda keeping back so that Lucifer can’t physically reach him, and instead telekinetically pries them off each other before pitching Lucifer headfirst against a metal support that runs across the ceiling.
“I blame your dad for teaching you that hockey is the be-all-end-all of the universe,” Charlie grumbles.
Castiel can only shout without words, overwhelmed now and unable to voice the warning. For a brief moment he almost detects some unpleasant sensation - what humans may refer to as “bad vibes” - but it’s drowned out as he orgasms. His fingers clench in the sheet and he pulls Dean right after him, leaving the both of them in a gasping and trembling pile on the mattress. He experiences an odd sense of foreboding about something but instantly forgets when Dean sucks a kiss against the back of his neck.
“Uh. Yes, Cas, I do know that. You’re lucky he can’t reach through the phone and deck you or he would’ve after the second time.”
They hang up without saying goodbye as always and Castiel returns to the task at hand. Jack only helps until the spraying is complete - after that he abandons Castiel and returns to his bedroom and pile of Legos. Castiel watches him go and then starts putting his pads on the drying rack in the corner.
His friend looks sad, but not guilty. “Dean, I reassembled you at the cellular level when I raised you out of the Pit. There isn’t a single thing about you I don’t already know. And… incidentally, being that this was before I fell and grew a conscience, had I found anything about you terrible or undesirable, believe me when I say I would’ve omitted it from your reconstruction. And I in no way saw fit to do so.”
Cas dimly realizes that’s what the explosions were earlier. It’s surprising, now, to know how loud guns are when fired indoors.
But Cas catalogs other things about Dean - his sharp green eyes, his hair which depending on the light can be either light brown or dark blonde and is a grown-out version of a typical military cut. And how much bigger he is than Cas, how much stronger. There isn’t a significant height difference between them but Dean probably has fifteen pounds on him.
) Castiel catches Dean smirking at him. He squints slightly in confusion and his captain breaks into a full grin.
“So angels don’t date or have pet-names and shit? Or - wait, you’re all siblings, right? I guess that’d be weird.”
His fractured wing throbs distractingly and the pain radiates from the break all the way through his shoulder and down his arm. Like always whenever something really awful happens to him, Gabriel is
“You wouldn’t have been able to see anything,” Castiel says. “I fell into the veil. And in all honesty it may have been horrifying for you, I was in excruciating pain and there wouldn’t have been anything you could’ve done to help. I wanted you there, incidentally. But it would’ve been impossible.”
Cas never noticed just how many potholes and bumps are present in the roads until now, feeling every single one of them jolting his broken bones as the ambulance carries him to the hospital. Arriving at the emergency department, he’s somehow forced to wait even though he’s in so much pain that he’s not ambulatory and almost can’t breathe as a direct result of his chest injury. So he sits for almost an hour until the nurses shuffle him into a wheelchair and put him in a patient cubicle. With him not breathing correctly, they see fit to administer him oxygen from the wall hookup - which is a challenge considering his broken nose.
“How far away is he?” is Sam’s first question when all the important people have been gathered up in the war room.
“Answer this one thing and then I’ll go,” she decides, staring at him and being equally matched by his fierce scowl. “What exactly did he see in you? What had him so enamored that he rebelled against us again and again just for you?”
Nightmares. Always nightmares. Castiel doesn’t look and simply redirects Dean’s subconscious to happier thoughts.
Gabriel rolls his eyes at Sam, taking the consolation prize that is giving his little brother’s would-be boyfriend a small tickle this morning. Castiel probably doesn’t find it amusing - of course, Castiel never finds
If that actually is the reason why, it seems like it’s working a little bit. Gabriel does like his nephew after all, and he doesn’t mind pausing his busy schedule for some preening. Humans would compare it to giving a baby a bath, not really a chore most of the time as long as the baby’s cooperative and not fussy or upset.
Dean heads back to the kitchen again. He’s pretty sure there’s some pie there - pie fixes everything.
be angry about Castiel lying, but it’s also extremely likely that the longer Castiel waits the more upset he’ll be. He grudgingly admits to himself that Sam is right.
Attempting to distract himself, Castiel retrieves the Bible from where Dean set it down in order to see which version it is. Almost instantly, the book begins to burn his fingers and he drops it in alarm. The skin damage heals like always but it’s extremely concerning. Castiel wonders frantically what he’s done to deserve such an ill omen; he’s not on the best terms with Heaven right now (and really hasn’t been on good terms with them since practically the moment he met Dean Winchester), but as far as he’s aware he hasn’t done anything recently to “piss them off.”
“Y’know what, you can go to hell, Gabe. One, that was a fucking accident, and B, me and Cas would probably be
“Dean, for one thing, you’re much prettier than I am,” Cas blurts out before he can stop himself. “And for another thing, yes, it will get better, the bruises will fade and my nose will heal just fine. For a
Cas isn’t having the best day today, so he brings paper and a pencil with him so that he can doodle bees the entire time as a method of self-soothing. He isn’t sure what this meeting is for exactly… Sam will be here, though, which helps ease his anxiety some because he trusts Sam. Granted, Sam and Anna are the only ones he’s expecting to be present, which makes it all the more shocking as he’s let into the meeting room and three extra faces are waiting for him at the table.
“I’m not sure.” The lie tastes sour on his tongue but he forces it out nonetheless. “I don’t believe the ‘how’ is necessarily important anyway.”
It’s been almost a week and Cas isn’t awake. There’s nothing Dean can do about this. Give him a demon to slay or a vampire to decapitate instead, please. Not this…
“I don’t think you’ll want to hear it, Dean. It’s very unpleasant. But I will tell you that for a long time, you’ve been much more than an assignment to me. We’re close friends and I’ve learned a lot about humanity from you and your brother.”
“Before you get that look, Cas, he’s also a lot closer to where you’re going to live than I am,” Anna puts in. “So if something happens-”
It’s a really good hallucination on Cas’ part, actually. Because when Cas steps forward, puts a hand on his shoulder, he even feels it like Cas is actually standing there and touching him.
I missed the inspection. Other than that, I renew the registration each year and of course fill it with gas. But I didn’t pay anything initially to own it. Gabriel is hyper and absurd, but he’s been very kind to me and I’m closer to him than anyone else.”
They don’t talk about it, not right away. Dean makes small talk about Cas’ wings - apparently they’re heavier than he remembers, now that they have more than a dozen feathers again, and also they’re dangerous for humans because if rubbed backwards against the grain of those feathers they’ll rip a guy’s skin right off, which is why Dean hasn’t been allowed to see them ever. But Cas seems happy to have them back, or at least as close to happy as Cas ever gets. Cas is never actually
just fistfights and penalty-trading. (Victor used to be a Bruin, so Dean’s heard some horror stories.) There’s plenty of extra-hard hits to go around on both sides, but nobody’s thrown hands (yet) when the horn sounds for the first intermission.
“We’ll be fine,” Cas insists stubbornly. He’s perfectly aware that this isn’t the most intelligent choice, but he’s been out of the hospital for less than a week and he’s done moving around for the time being. “Thank you for letting me know.”
Since it’s a dream, Cas doesn’t have to touch him to put the images into his head. At least it seems like his friend is trying to pour them in slowly instead of all at once. It’s still a fuckload of information all the same. So many things that technically haven’t happened yet, but Dean feels like he’s seeing them in the past tense somehow. Opening the door to Purgatory and obliterating Raphael, the mass slaughter of loyalist angels in Heaven, sinking into the river as the leviathans finally tore free, relieving Sam’s trauma, becoming trapped with Dean in Purgatory, endlessly fleeing, pushing Dean back through the portal alone, inexplicably being back on Earth, unwittingly obeying another angel, and finally narrowly managing not to murder Dean in a dark room over a chunk of rock.
And he wondered, then: why did he not get to be normal? Why did he not have rights? Why did he not get to get married, or have a family, or just be considered a fucking
“Fantastic job there, Cassie,” Crowley mutters, dropping beside him onto the bench so close their shoulders and the sides of their legs are pressed together. Castiel scoots away but his liney butts right up against him immediately. “You took a bad situation and made it worse for yourself.”
“Too literal, Cas. Anyway, if he still wants to start seeing you, you should give him a box of those Rice Krispy Treats that have the chocolate drizzles on top because he’s always eating candy anyway but Rice Krispy Treats are kinda their own weird thing-”
He refuses to show how startled he is to be asked that question, especially so directly. “I have a strong emotional attachment to him and to Sam, as well as to Jack. They’re my family.”
Sam and Bobby go outside, probably to keep talking without him being able to eavesdrop. Dean doesn’t care. Cas has been warned, they won’t get anywhere. Demons can be involuntarily summoned, but angels can choose to ignore a summons if they want to, so if Cas checks and finds out it’s Bobby or Sam trying to get him to show up, he’ll know not to.
“Good. Okay. Uh, we can handle this, we’re just gonna have to adapt. But everybody here already knows how to kill angels. We should be okay.”
“Nope. It ain’t fair and it’s prob’ly always gonna hurt, too. I’m not gonna tell you not to feel bad about doing it, kid. It’s hard and it sucks and it’ll prob’ly haunt you for the rest’a your life. But he was gonna kill all of us. Me, Cas, Sam, Gabe, Mom, Bobby, everybody. There’s nobody in this whole fucking bunker right now that hasn’t done some real bad shit. You should only get worked up about it when the bad starts to outweigh the good. Lucifer hated humanity. He was gonna start with us, here, and then destroy everybody else in the entire world. So if you weren’t there to help, he might’a killed Gabe, and without Gabe there’d be nobody else to stop him.”
“Nah, I talked to him about that. He knows everything already and he won’t hold it against you or anything. Mostly he was just surprised that I wasn’t tryna bite his head off, he’s the one who put me here so… I ain’t exactly been that nice to him lately.”
106 subscribers - the first time I kept track of this on a fic, I stopped visibly counting after a hundred, but by the end of that one my number of watchers was 155. So, I wonder if I can also be interesting enough with this fic too to pass 150? 👀
“I have no excuse for this. I’m sorry, Dean. I wanted to tell you but didn’t and that was wrong of me.”
“I can get some guys to agree. But after I meet your reporter. I should see in person, that she knows what she’s doing. You can speak to Victor. He might see the sense of this.” Crowley very suddenly transitions back to English for absolutely no reason. “Riddle me this, Boy Wonder. You’ve been here for a grand total of less than two months, why are you so inclined to stirring up mayhem? Surely you have better things to do with your time, wooing Dean Winchester for instance or perhaps convincing the team that you are in fact worthy of wearing an A despite being on the fourth line with a problem player and a brand-new rookie.”
He reads aloud what he wrote, unflinchingly. Two demons and one patient snicker as he talks until Dean glowers at them, and Cas is very glad Dean came with him. When the remaining patients have completed the exercise, the group is let go and Cas sits in front of the tv for a few minutes. Despite flipping through at least three times, he finds nothing worth watching, and so relinquishes the remote to another patient before returning to his room while he waits for dinner to arrive.
“It’s temporary,” Jack says one last time, then reams the angel blade straight into the middle of his chest.
“Cas!” he bellows, this time from the bottom of his chest. “Cas! I’m here! I’mma get you out, okay?”
“I don’t know, kinda. It’s been driving me crazy since I saw him, I know I seen him someplace before but I can’t figure it out.”
“Okay. Okay. We’re gonna be free in a minute, and then you’re gonna wake up, right?” Dean hugs Cas closer to his chest and his wings wrap around both of them, totally by accident. “Dammit, Jack, get us the hell outta this place!”
It’s stupid, it’s so fucking stupid, that he didn’t know how much he needs to hear that. It’s one thing for Sam and Cas to say it, or even Bobby when Dean visited him in Heaven. But it’s a whole other thing coming from her.
“No, it isn’t,” he says quietly. “The fact that you took the time to recall these tiny and insignificant details from conversations that took place many years ago frankly astounds me, and I don’t know how to express my appreciation for it.”
of being laid up and helpless - after I had top surgery I was t-rex armed for three weeks and couldn't drive or anything until the damn wound drains came out, and total my recovery was three months until I got more or less back to normal. So I was stuck in the recliner in my living room telling myself over and over that this was only temporary. I'm not sure I would've made it through without hockey matches and AO3.
“Yeah, I know you don’t, buddy. I don’t think anybody does. But y’know, once Sammy gets your dick brother outta the picture, there ain’t nothing here that’s gonna hurt you, okay? So you don’t gotta go around looking scared all the time like you do. It’s just your brain playing a trick like I said.”
“In case someone tried to steal from me, then I’d have a couple stashed in places that I could get to in a hurry… problem is, I had like ten’a them and I can’t remember all the spots. And the ones I
“MY LAST TEAM TRADED ME BECAUSE THEY FOUND OUT I’M GAY” he says instead of answering. “THEY ALREADY HAD ISSUES WITH ME FOR BEING AUTISTIC”
Dean hangs up on Cas. Why did he call in the first place. He doesn’t want to talk to Cas. He wants… he doesn’t know, actually. But it’s not Cas. Dean stands up and tosses his phone onto the desk. He doesn’t care that he puts a crack in the screen doing that and starts to get dressed for the day.
When the bastard vanishes right in front of their eyes mid-sentence, Dean kinda figures that maybe Cas didn’t have a choice about disappearing on them.
“Then what did you mean?” Dean demands. He seems angry for some reason. “Huh? C’mon, what’d you mean?”
“Oh shit, yeah, thanks for reminding me. How’s everyone doing during games? I mean I kinda know already but watching on tv or from the press box ain’t the same as being on the bench.”
“Worst comes to worst, we’ll do it at gunpoint.” Castiel glares at him. “Oh c’mon, Cas! I was kidding! You gotta learn to take a joke one’a these days, babe.”
Gabriel sits on the edge of Dean’s bed and Castiel settles cross-legged on the floor. Ideally, he would be back in his own vessel and Dean would be performing this task, but Gabriel is far from his worst option and it doesn’t technically matter either way.
“I appreciate this more than I can say,” Cas admits. “If I’m going to spend the rest of my life in a psychiatric facility, I would prefer it to be this one. I don’t enjoy change, especially when it’s forced on me.”
“Okay.” Dean sets down his mug and rubs his face in both hands. “What’s going on, Mom? You’re making me nervous.”
“You and Sam stay the fuck away from me,” Dean’s rough voice warns alongside his clomping footsteps. “Next time I won’t miss.”
Dean snorts. “I wasn’t gonna say sorry for that. I just… I’m sorry I couldn’t get you out. It should’a been me. I should’a came and got you outta that place.”
Castiel’s first choice in candidates are humans who were previously involved in religious affairs for obvious reasons. Nuns, priests, deacons, etcetera - it proves surprisingly difficult to filter through and find the ones who fit Castiel’s exacting standards for loyalty, intelligence, and compassion towards humanity. All three criteria must be met, and while Castiel can tell just by glancing at their souls, the problem is that there are just so damn many to sort through.
“Sure. Just make sure everyone knows this isn’t an ambush anymore, it’ll be more like a battle royale.”
Dean relinquishes his personal belongings to the nurse and she disappears him down the hall into an office. Cas wants to follow them and interrogate his new roommate about the window curtains, but he knows he’s not allowed to do that and so he goes back to his room. He’s still too nervous to finish his lunch and his socks are giving him sensory issues so he takes them off even though the nurses want him to wear them.
Castiel smacks him again and immediately leaves. He swallows his anger and returns to the “Dean cave,” utterly unsurprised to have Dean and Jack both staring at him upon entry. He looks at them, sighs heavily, and sits beside Dean on the couch with his eyes fixed pointedly on the screen. Dean grabs onto Castiel’s wrist and by this point he decides it’s a compulsion, not a deliberate action on Dean’s part. Dean is indescribably afraid that Castiel will vanish.
Gabriel is clearly very proud of himself for this. There isn’t a single feather on either of his wings that’s lying flat right now and his halo is shining brighter than usual. Castiel still rolls his eyes regardless.
and yet Dean was still freezing until right this second, bundled in his boyfriend’s fluffy wings. He shouldn’t be able to see them anymore now that he’s not hosting an angel, but according to Gabe since him and Cas had such a strong soul-to-grace connection or whatever it permanently altered his perception. Which is actually kind of awesome, because he loves being able to see and touch Cas’ wings.
“You annoy me,” he says. “And - I’m not here to ‘attract affections’ as you put it. It’s not professional.”
Missing one game, he decides, is inconsequential. And regardless, he files this away to report to his sister too. John Winchester needs to go.
“He did. Angels were instructed by God to love humanity when you were first created. I don’t believe He meant for us to have favorites, but Dean is mine.”
Looking at how Sam and Bobby were being in canon while these events were unfolding at the end of season 6, I personally don't have a hard time at all believing that they would just try to straight up assassinate Dean's boyfriend.
“When we get home we’re definitely talking about that some more, Cas.” Dean rubs his face on his palm. “The hell was I saying?”
“Okay,” Jack nods, clearly confused but accepting the information regardless. “But your wings are getting better, and that’s good. Does that mean all the angels’ wings will get better? They don’t like us very much.”
Jack high-fives Dean’s good hand and the two of them wander away to some other corner of the weight room. Castiel breathes out in relief while getting back to his exercise routine. Periodically he’ll look over to see how his son is holding up - each time, he’s satisfied that Dean is doing perfectly fine occupying Jack’s focus.
Briefly, he laments that he’s never had the opportunity to meet such a version of his favorite human before: one that’s unguarded, not ashamed to be open and inquisitive, exploring the unknown to at least some degree instead of endless attempts to destroy it. “…alright.”
As a final note on this fic - I am not, in any way shape or form, going to say that Dean and Cas' relationship is a healthy one. They are absolutely leaning too heavily on each other right now. Dean will continue to have breakdowns, Cas will continue to have psychotic episodes and panic attacks. They are both in therapy and it's completely plausible that they eventually
“I didn’t know. And while I suppose I could technically go back and attempt to correct that error, after what’s happened in the past couple of weeks I wouldn’t dare risk doing so and only making the situation even worse.” Huh. Okay, maybe Cas is learning after all. Whod’a thunk it. “Dean, I need to know, what did he do differently? Why could you forgive him and not me?”
Wow. He even does the air-quotes with his hands behind Dean’s back. It’d almost be weirdly adorable if Dean wasn’t so screwed up right now.
And Dean wakes up. His face is shoved into the couch cushion with the pillow over his head like someone tried to smother him and there’s already a crick in his neck even though when he presses the button to make his watch face glow it’s 2:33 AM - he’s only been out for a couple hours. Somehow, it takes until now for him to notice that his left hand is clenched around something. As his eyes adjust to the dark, he opens his fingers and a feather falls out.
Dean pretends like he’s not embarrassed enough to drop dead. This is his first game as captain and he’s already fucking up before it’s even started. Awesome. He doesn’t have to look at the bench - he can fucking
Objectively, it’s kind of an awful kiss. Cas clearly has no fucking idea what he’s doing and yeah actually Dean
He almost forgot the hand was on his arm this whole time until now, because suddenly it gets real tight and he’s being dragged through clouds of steel wool. Dean clings to Cas, refusing to let go of him now. It feels like he’s getting peeled and eventually it gets to the point where it doesn’t make sense that neither of them is shredded up like cabbage and bleeding all over the place.
Their drinks are brought and they both order, and once the waitress is gone Dean forces himself not to get all tense and awkward. This fucking conversation has to fucking happen, apparently, because fucking Castiel speaks fucking ASL and was fucking eavesdropping earlier.
Jack apparently fucked off back to Heaven or whatever, because Dean doesn’t see him at all. For whatever’s left of the day Sam and Eileen take turns hanging out in the infirmary, keeping an eye on Dean and especially on Cas, who got fixed with an IV by… somebody. And Dean really hates this. Cas is basically comatose but Dean can’t even sit up long enough to look at him properly.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You wanna elaborate there, buddy? I don’t know a fucking thing about how your wings work.”
difficult for me to actually write Dean and Cas fighting together. I tend to be part of fandoms with levels of violence that average between "fairly frequent" to "extreme," and in other fics I've written at least a few pretty slick fight scenes that I'm admittedly very proud of, but something about this one just
“Well, Mikey’s trapped and Raph’s dead, so…” Gabriel shrugs and stuffs a handful of candy into his mouth. “Sorry, bucko, you’re stuck with me!”
“I see.” Castiel feels disturbed. He can guess what the drawing was probably of. “So it’s been resolved?”
And in so doing have only placed themselves in even greater danger, because this is where Gabriel and Jack are facing off with Lucifer.
The team returns to the ice for the 3rd and Castiel immediately sits in the box for the remainder of his instigator penalty; across from him, he can see that the player he punched is now wearing a helmet bubble, which is satisfying.
Castiel fastens the strap of his helmet under his chin and gradually moves his eyes over everyone around him, still at the beginning of his struggle to equate faces with jersey numbers. It’s hard to say whether faces or names are harder for him, but numbers are easy and don’t usually change. He needs to match faces to numbers, and names will follow, or maybe it’s the other way around. So far he knows Crowley, because he already knew that bastard before coming here. He knows Kevin because Kevin is their shortest player and also the only Asian one, so he’s easy to differentiate. Victor and Max are both Black, but they’re not hard to tell apart because Victor has a much richer skin tone and also a beard. Everyone else is white, mostly the same shade of white, Castiel has no idea who they are except Dean because Dean is beautiful and stands out.
“Cas…” He stops. He has no idea what to say and it takes him a second to settle for just blurting out everything that he’s thinking. “Cas, I’m so fucking sorry, okay? And - yeah, you’ve done stuff that’s made me mad sometimes, but I never
Cas wills himself into silence and stillness. Faintly, he still catches the occasional sound of Lucifer thrashing their brother on the floor below. How long until Dean gets here? If he speeds, probably seven minutes, nine if there’s too many red lights. How long is seven minutes, though? If Lucifer finds him (which admittedly is very likely), can Cas survive long enough to be rescued? Is Gabriel still alive down there?
Dean shoves Crowley aside and stuffs himself between them, much to Castiel’s relief. “Dude, stop that.”
Then, John’s voice randomly gets his attention again, because he’s very predictably torturing Dean. “You’re the damn captain, you oughta know better!”
“Well, by all means, let’s make it worse,” he snarks back, taking advantage of all Dean’s lessons in sarcasm.
“We gonna have a problem here, pal? ’Cause it looks to me like you’re doing something wrong here, not him.”
Seventy seven subscribers, watching this number and the number of comments increase week by week puts years back on my life, you're all lovely and I'm mentally hugging you in gratitude <3
“I don’t give a damn about safety, you really thought I wouldn’t wanna know that we were havin’ a kid?” Dean demands.
not beyond saving, okay? I think you should-you should get to leave this place and breathe free air again. So you should try harder at the therapy shit, okay?”
“I like this tie,” Cas says, way more defensive than he needs to be over one of the most worthless-ass articles of clothing ever devised by mankind.
“Would a bullet be large enough?” Castiel questions. “Those knuckles work because of the sigils, but you need all of them for it to be effective. The carvings would have to be minute in order to fit properly.”
“Maybe uh, inattentive,” Dean grins, because yeah, he does read. It seems like a good word. “Y’know. Less ‘dumb.’ Less ‘ass.’”
“I’ll be fine,” Castiel says… or rather, attempts to say. He’s not able to complete the sentence before he’s vomiting all over the table and then collapsing out of his chair.
Castiel smiles and dramatically kisses Jack’s pudgy cheek, drawing a squealing giggle. “We’ll see, I have to talk Aunt Anna into taking you.
Finally, at last, he gets up and goes away. Dean is rubbing his face like he has a headache… maybe he does. Crowley’s certainly annoying enough to cause one.
Castiel rolls his eyes at her and returns his attention to the stickers on his helmet. He’s waiting on a replacement for his home-game one just like with the gloves, but his away-game helmet is white and won’t need to be changed, so all he’ll have to do is get the stickers changed out on that one. Ultimately he ends up seated on the couch with both helmets, peeling off numbers and team crests while Meg goes back and forth between flipping channels and talking into the void about whatever she’s looking at on her phone.
Castiel plunges further along through the stream of time, seeking out a random moment to land briefly and reorient himself. Naomi and her subordinates are far enough away that he should be able to take a much-needed rest; he feels strangely exhausted, like something other than constantly manipulating the stream of time is sapping him. As always, he’s drawn to Dean, the imprint Dean’s soul leaves on the threads of the universe. It’s like a lighthouse in a storm, and Castiel flies there.
He sits Cas in the kitchen and gets the plate out of the fridge. They hang out while Cas eats and then for a little bit after, not really saying much. Dean knows they should talk about…
“Of course you are. And you’re also unable to see your goal through without outside assistance. It seems pertinent for you to be aware of that.”
“He’s bisexual,” Sam interrupts. “Dean, just learn to get more comfortable with that word, you’ll hate yourself so much less.”
and Crowley tap the puck back and forth between them a couple of times, then toss it to Castiel. He backhands it between his own legs towards the net while looking over his shoulder and is extremely surprised when it slips between the elbow and leg pad of the goalie. His teammates all crash into him, banging their gloves on his shoulders and head. He wonders if the hockey gods are playing pranks on them, because he got the first goal against Montreal too and that ended in a loss. Regardless, he skates for his bench, bumping knuckles with the others on his way to the end.
It’s not coherent, at first. Dreams aren’t really coherent most of the time anyway. It’s just pictures, little clips of things.
Dean’s going to cry. That’s just not okay. He gets up from the table and pretty much flees to his room, throwing the door shut as hard as he can and dropping onto his mattress. There’s whiskey stashed under the bed and he reaches his hand down to it, and his dry spell finally breaks. No glasses (like he’d bother with one anyway right now), so Dean unscrews it and drinks right from the bottle until it’s impossible to swallow more.
Gabriel sweeps a hand through the air, smacking Lucifer’s legs out from under him, then drags him sideways by his wrist to slam him through more machinery like a bowling ball knocking into pins. That turns out to be a great choice, actually, because the impact is so hard and Gabriel’s grip on him is strong enough to snap his lower arm and dislocate his elbow.
Dean snorts. “I don’t know about that first part.” They both people-watch for a few moments before he speaks again. “Listen, there’s something I wanted to ask you about.”
“Hello.” He drinks his orange juice. He doesn’t look at her. He’s afraid to look at the nurses because he doesn’t want to accidentally find out that they’re demons. “I’ve been here fifty seven days.”
“Well look at you, standing up for yourself… maybe you should be the one wearing the C instead,” is how Crowley chooses to answer him.
And for that reason - a very stupid reason, admittedly - he makes sure he ties his tie backwards because he wants to see what will happen. So naturally he ends up in a seat on their bus that isn’t anywhere near Dean. Instead, he’s next to… unfortunately… Crowley.
It doesn’t get terribly involved, but that’s also not really necessary. And afterwards their foreheads press together while they share breaths. Dean’s palm is still on Cas’ cheek.
on the road?” he mumbles. “And how have you not completely driven Sam away yet? It’s actually astounding to me that he puts up with you in any capacity.”
Sam doesn’t believe what he’s seeing - Dean’s never gotten this hostile with Cas before, actually Dean’s weirdly tolerant of Cas’ behavior sometimes in a way he never is with anyone
“So what’s goin’ on between you and that winger, Dean?” Benny murmurs, softly enough that nobody else will catch it over the clangor of the locker room.
Dean and Jack do a couple of cool-down laps around the outside of the rink before going to shuck their padding. The little guy put up with it pretty well, and Dean makes sure to tell him so as they’re stuffing everything into their gearbags. Jack looks tired, but proud of himself. A great combination on the face of a young hockey player.
“I have both of those, you just can’t see them. My halo would be painfully blinding for you if you saw it.”
So ummm... brace yourselves, guys. Next week's chapter is going to go after you with a sledgehammer.
“Dude, my whole back is fucking sticky. How long until it stops?” he grouses while stalking out of the kitchen and back to his room.
A number of you who've left comments on previous chapters may recall my assurances to you back in chapters 8-9 that Dean deliberately overdosing on his medications is only the second worst thing that happens in the fic...
It begins as an intense pain, surrounding his heart. Castiel struggles to breathe evenly and quietly, not wanting to wake Dean beside him. It takes immense effort to get out of bed without disturbing the mattress. It’s fortunate that his wings are essentially immaterial and can’t impact the environment around him, because they’re flexing and spasming uncontrollably behind him.
“Don’t bother being sad over me.” There’s an odd scratch to Dean’s voice. Cas wonders what that means. “Last person got sad over me’s the one who sent me here anyway…”
“You shut up,” Castiel manages to spit, another string of gore dripping down from the corner of his mouth.
His brother relocates them again, back into the library in their original sitting positions. Admittedly, he does have a minor sense of relief that Dean’s mother is coming around, if slowly. It’s important for Dean’s imitation-nest and Castiel is silently grateful for Sam’s persistence on the issue because in this case it’s been nothing but helpful so far.
109 subscribers! since it's a known fact that all Hellers are clowns and children, I am handing each and every one of you a banana sticker to put on your forehead as a token of my gratitude and affection 🍌
Right before a blade goes spearing into Cas’ sternum, Dean grabs the sleeve of the trenchcoat and slaps the sigil with his other hand because they aren’t fucking done with their conversation, dammit. All three angels are blasted clear of Bobby’s basement, and Cas takes Dean right along for the ride.
So! It's worth noting that while I play hockey, I, like Cas, am a left wing and not a D-man. Dean's hockey chapters are ridiculously hard for me to write because I know fuck-all about playing defense and I can barely even skate backwards. As a result of my ineptitude, Dean's hockey chapters will generally be shorter than Cas' because I actually know how to write what Cas is doing lol :D
because some creature is nearby, but he can’t see or hear or even smell anything so he has no idea what it could be. A demon, maybe? But there’s no sulfur…
“Yes,” Cas agrees. It’s been hours and he’s had his ativan. He should not still be panicking. “I think he’s indifferent to my safety and happiness.”
“Hello, Jack.” The guy’s whole face lights up when he’s talking to his son. It’s super cute and Dean struggles not to start grinning just watching it. “Oh, is he winning? … Of course not. The Senators are one of the worst teams in the league and Uncle Gabe got traded to them to spite your grandpa and Uncle Mike. … Jack it’s past your bedtime and it’s a school night, I’m glad you called and that you got to watch Uncle Gabe play for a little bit but you need to go to sleep like Aunt Meg has
shirts underneath. Cas is going to head into battle against an archangel soon with something that belongs to him. That fucks him up a little to think about. At least Cas seems happy, now.
“Hi to you too, Bullwinkle. You’re the one who wanted to talk when you came home. And I did your laundry for you. You’re welcome.”
He holds his archangel blade slightly in front of himself, fighting not to give up on the use of his other arm due to the pain. His broken wing is distracting, nearly dragging on the floor behind him and spasming excruciatingly at every little jolt. His other wing makes tiny nervous flaps as he begins stepping sideways, attempting to circle Lucifer somewhat and put himself between his older and younger brothers. Castiel is barely keeping Dean alive, there’s no way he can avoid any attacks, much less actually defend himself or fight back.
for Dean. So if that’s all you’re here for, please find something else to do, preferably without also taking out your hyper and excessive restlessness on Jack or Sam!”
Donning his skates and body armor, Castiel can only hope that John is feeling at least somewhat merciful today, because this isn’t the first practice Jack has attended and Castiel is sick of having to explain why his coach is so angry and mean in terms a five-year-old will understand. That chance is immediately destroyed when Crowley gets into it with John exactly four seconds into their first drill. Because of
he could get hit by a car or something and then Cas will never see him again and there won’t be any more phone calls that break the rules-
“You are, actually,” Cas insists. “Instead of joining the military you should’ve been a model. And men can be pretty, not just you. In your case I might even go so far as beautiful.”
One final comment pertaining to DenCon - Jack is a kindergartner in this fic? And no kindergartner anywhere knows what pronouns even are. Ergo, for the purposes of this fic, I will continue to refer to Jack with he/him/his. However, in any future fics that I write, I will use they/them/theirs for Jack whenever the narrative informs me that they should be included in the cast :)
There’s only so long that Dean can stare at big blocks of words before he zones out and can’t pay attention anymore. As he gets more and more annoyed, his stupid wings start flapping a little bit. And it’s like sweating during exercise, apparently. Even more fucking wing oil dribbles down his back to make fucking sure that his shirt is fucking stuck to him.
“Okay, uh, so Cas you’ll be getting discharged sometime in the next couple of weeks, so we’re gonna talk about community resources and your support system so that you know what to expect.”
take this shit off my arm? Well even if you do, what’s it gonna cost? ’Cause magic like that does not come free. No, it comes with a price that you pay in blood. So thanks. But I’m good.”
He gets out of bed. There’s no falling asleep again and he knows it. His clothes rub an invisible road-rash into his shoulders and hips. His slippers are padded with thumbtacks. He’s cold but sweats under his arms. Everything is wrong right now. Everything is wrong with
“Well, when Sam and I had a text conversation that was almost five hundred messages long about gay marriage being legal now, I started trying to figure out why he’d be so worried about something that doesn’t affect him.”
“You hurt Dean,” is Jack’s response, and Gabriel is so, so proud of him for that. His emotions are obvious on his face, sadness tinted over betrayal and rage. “You made Hell and the demons and all kinds of bad things. You’re a
They begin rummaging the next section of shelves. Castiel works to reign in his emotions, knowing that Dean can read him very well. The circumstances torment him, however. He’s aware that for humans, bearing children is typically a joyous and fulfilling experience. It pains him to realize that this will at least partially be stolen from them, by virtue of the fact that he isn’t human. Assuming Castiel survives, which is far from a guarantee, Dean won’t be aware of either of their roles in the Nephilim’s existence.
Castiel goes through his routine in the weight room, occasionally distracted by what Dean is doing. Frankly it’s obnoxious and he doesn’t understand why he can’t focus, normally he fixates on a task like a laser but he feels as if something is forcing him to pay more attention to his captain than he needs to. Dean isn’t even active right now, he’s on injured reserve until his cast comes off, so there’s absolutely no reason why anything he does should be at the forefront of Castiel’s mind.
“You have offered me no alternatives,” Prior-Castiel says sharply, taking a step back and flaring his feathers as well in an equally aggressive display. “All you can tell me is that you have regrets. I have none and I can’t take the chance that Raphael will destroy Earth.”
And of course, this turns out to be one of those times when his mouth runs without asking permission first.
“Cas if you keep saying shit like that we can’t be friends anymore,” Dean threatens, only half-joking. “We’ll do apple, can’t go wrong with the classics.”
“I’mma let this one slide, mostly because this sounds like one’a those things you just let come outta your mouth without thinking, but you gotta get better about that, man. Okay, ’cause that was just… rude. And kinda mean.”
“Yeah, but you actually know stuff about humans, plus you’re more up on Heaven’s politics than I am.”
The floor, interestingly, seems to react to him and him alone. Death’s steps pass over it in silence, not even a sound from the end of the cane coming down, but Castiel’s feet cause the wooden boards to squall like they’re trying to alert their owner of an intruder. It seems unnecessary. Who would or could come to this place uninvited?
me, Castiel. You’re going to make a much larger mess of things if I don’t intervene, and I find that irritating. You and Dean Winchester both, you’re blundering from place to place with your eyes closed and your hands out in front of you. All that accomplishes is you knocking everything about and causing catastrophe after catastrophe, so in this case I’m electing to turn the lights on for you. You still need to open your eyes on your own.”
So this chapter is going up waaaayyyyyyyy early - I'm moving into my new apartment tomorrow and my wifi router hasn't arrived yet, which means this chapter wouldn't be able to get posted on time. Instead of frustrating all of you (or worse, giving you anxiety by thinking something happened to me) I'm putting this up off-schedule. However, the following update where ch. 23 gets posted should be back to Tuesdays :)
“Yeah, but they’re itchy and painful because new feathers are trying to grow but the old ones are still stuck there.”
“Dean.” This can’t be real. Is he already in Heaven? But why is Sammy here, too, then? “It’s alright. You’re going to be fine.”
Dean leads him to their bedroom and dims the lights by a considerable margin, then gently coaxes him to lie back on the bed before removing his shoes, belt and necktie. The lower light does seem to help.
“Cas, you have no idea what Dean… he… the only time I ever saw him get like this was when Lucifer stabbed you after Jack was born,” Sam says, very quietly and in a trembling voice. “He… Cas, I’m sorry, believe me. There was nothing I could do to help him, and he was drinking himself to death anyway, on purpose. I looked and looked for a way to get you back but there was just - it wasn’t possible. He was suffering so bad, and… I hated it. I hate myself for it, okay? But there was nothing I could do for him. I didn’t feel like I had a choice. He didn’t want me to save him.”
“Okay, ecstasy boy,” Dean scoffs, because no fucking way is he gonna let on to Sammy that he’s thinking all this weird shit, “maybe we’ll get you some glow sticks and a nice Dr. Seuss hat, huh?”
They fly to one over in some state on the east coast because stores are open by now in that time zone. Jack is already finishing the second pastry.
Hearing that, it becomes painfully clear why Dean was able to interrupt Naomi’s control of him in the crypt. He was permanently altered to love Dean at a time long before Dean existed or had even been drawn up as a concept yet by God Himself. Castiel despairs at this revelation that he had still managed to exact such grievous harm to his human.
do it, kinda. The feathers sparkle and change colors when he does and he has to wonder if Cas’ wings look that gay on purpose or if it’s a coincidence.
Perhaps that’s the reason why, with 10:37 left in the 2nd, Castiel gets a fighting major against a Star who trips his captain.
Not such a smart move on his part. The blade tip buries itself in the floor and there’s a hand on his wing, a booted foot pinning him by his back, then the second boot slams down to shatter that wing and leave him screaming and crippled from the agony. He rips his fractured wing away, losing about a dozen feathers in doing so, and yanks his weapon out of the floor to stab Lucifer through the hip joint.
“It doesn’t have to be. You deserve to be loved and cared for, Dean. And you deserve to forgive yourself.”
“Will you also be okay eventually?” The words make themselves without his permission even though he knows the answer to this question.
Jack seems distressed and his wings briefly wrap around him. “Is it because Dean has his head up his ass?”
“You generally like to know stuff, right? Y’know, stuff most people don’t know. You’re the brains behind your brother’s ham-fisted wrath usually.”
I do not think I will ever get used to living in a world where I get a hundred hits per week and have twenty three subscribers to a fic, seriously both of those things have probably put years on my life. You, reader checking this note before diving into the chapter, are the best and I love you ^_^ <3
It’s a good and bad thing for him that shifts for defensemen are different than they are for forwards - it means Dean gets a longer time to rest, but he’s also stuck out there for longer too, quietly suffering and trying not to fuck up too badly or in any obvious ways so they can’t take him out of the game. The first intermission can’t possibly come fast enough for him.
Wings flap and then they’re alone. Cas slowly stands up, pulling Dean after him. Dean can move again, he’s whole, he breathes and he lives even though really he shouldn’t do either of those things anymore. He wraps both arms around Cas as tight as he can, because if he ever lets go his angel will just vanish again into some horrible non-existence somewhere.
“I think. I might have a thing for Cas.” It’s weird trying to come up with the way to mimic that statement with his hands, which Eileen’s eyes are glued to. Dean clears his throat to stall. “But he’s sleeping right now, so I can’t talk to him. And I feel like a dick-” Another thing he can’t really translate to signing. “-because it’s my fault he’s unhappy.”
“You boys better try harder than you did against Montreal,” John is ordering them as they begin changing into their pads. So far, Castiel doesn’t find him nearly as insufferable as Zachariah Adler, but he still can’t be called likeable by any means. “All that summer and preseason rust better be long gone by now, we need to get in gear for at least the third seed in the playoffs as early as possible. No pathetic wild-card slot like last season.”
So love_u_always_mom helped so much with this chapter, I figured OG Death would have a library like Billie's but it would look and feel completely different, and she came up with the idea for the oil lamps and ancient books and everything instead of the clean and almost sterile esthetic we see in 13x05.
I un-fridged Mary for this fic, as well as a lot of other characters' dead spouses/family members/etc, because SPN's obsession with murdering characters' parents and significant others gets real old real fast. So why, you may ask, is Cas' mother an unnamed dead character? The short answer is because angels don't have mothers for one thing and for another who the fuck would I pick for that role. Don't say Naomi. She's clearly an abusive aunt or smth, she's not his mom. That aside, Cas is mostly estranged from his family anyway, so it doesn't even really matter that much.
Cas reaches one hundred straight days in this particular hospital… he wonders if they’ll give him a cake for that, seeing how it’s an unusual achievement. He’s seen multiple dozens of patients come and go in his time here, as well as three staff members leaving and being replaced. There’s a particular quiet hum to inpatient psychiatry, a strange peacefulness, which he’s accustomed to. He’s not sure how he’ll compensate for that when he’s out again, alone for most of the day while Gabriel’s out working.
Between warm-ups and the start of the 1st, Castiel half-listens to John’s usual barrage of insults and demoralizing statements with the fact that he secretly has a small electronic… something hidden inside his helmet at the forefront of his mind. It’s recording everything it hears and remotely sending the data to Anna’s computer all the way back in New York, which will ultimately be transcribed and used as fodder for her article exposing the casual abuse of players by the Islanders’ head coach. There’s one tucked inside Crowley’s helmet as well, just in case one of the devices malfunctions or isn’t present to pick up whichever pieces of damning evidence are happening at the time.
“Sure!” He materializes one and hands it right over. “Just remember the most important rule about milkshakes for breakfast, bucko.”
Lucifer makes a shoving motion with his working hand and Gabriel is sent careening backwards into a wall, hitting just a foot and a half away from Castiel.
“If you say so, buddy. At least now when I tell Crowley to shut the fuck up he has to actually listen.”
They go through further exercises, and then the nurse asks them to share. They go around the room in a circle, eventually coming to Dean. Cas watches him fidget and stare at the floor before reading what he wrote for the first exercise.
“I never said I was. Alright, so housing’s in progress, getting the truck back is in progress. The next thing we have to do is get your food benefits back again, since you were here it lapsed but that’s probably not a hard fix.”
Dean nods and takes a breath, then heads up the hall, glancing at the nameplates on the doors as they pass by. Why the fuck are there so many Robert Singers. He’s really starting to get the idea that Heaven is designed exactly the right way to inconvenience him as much as fucking possible.
“I already have dress shirts,” Castiel informs her. “Dean is being unreasonable and picky about my appearance for no reason.”
Dean shuffles into the kitchen and pours himself some coffee, then promptly almost chokes himself to death when he starts laughing in the middle of trying to swallow. A newly-arrived Sam is much less appreciative of the spectacle.
He considers the situation. Assuming they decide to proceed with a relationship, Cas knows enough to understand that this isn’t a magic cure for anything. He still needs to recover, both physically and mentally, from what happened just over two weeks ago. Dean isn’t back on his feet yet and will still have bad days, even though he’s adhering to his medication schedule now; he still has alcohol problems and those won’t fix themselves either. But they can help each other deal with these difficulties at least. And it’s entirely possible that in the future they’ll reach a point resembling mentally healthy people, become a reasonably normal couple with normal couple problems.
After that, though, Dean’s got shit to take care of. He gets a bedroom put together, which doesn’t mean much actually, just that he sticks the laptop and the packs of underwear and socks in one of the ones that’s not occupied. He kinda… doesn’t want to, though. He kinda wants to buy a second bed and - no, that wouldn’t work, his room isn’t big enough for two adult-size beds. No. Okay. He wants to buy a
Over the years, it’s understandably become less and less strange for Castiel to play in matches against the Oilers, until eventually it stopped feeling so odd at all. That distinction now belongs to the Rangers. The bright orange jerseys on the other bench are simply enemies to him, which is helped along by the fact that very few of the teammates he had when he was initially drafted into the NHL still wear Oilers uniforms at this point anyway.
“Cas, just - shut up, okay?” Dean growls. Castiel has only rarely seen him get this angry, it’s a special flavor of outrage reserved for grievous personal hurts. “Just stop. I’mma help you fix all this, but I ain’t doing it for you because apparently you’re the sneaky sunuva bitch Bobby thinks you are. I’m gonna do this for him since you say he’ll die otherwise.”
“Yeah, but we got it worked out eventually. Almost ended the world doing it, but it’s us, so how could we
Castiel leaves, closing the door behind him, and once he’s a sufficient distance from their room allows himself the relief of gasping, heaving breaths. He presses a hand to the wall in order to steady himself and staggers to Sam’s room. It takes several knocks to elicit a response.
Okay. Wow, hostile. Dean doesn’t say anything else about it because really, it ain’t that important. But also how the fuck has Castiel been playing in the NHL for twelve years if he hates the thumping and bumping of his teammates? It’s just weird. So many god damn things about this guy are weird.
Time doesn’t flow the same in Heaven as it does on earth, and in fact can be tailored to suit the user’s needs. In this case, Gabriel deliberately slows it to a crawl for himself and his tag-alongs, so that seconds of earth time down below can last them several hours up here. This way they can be sure they won’t still be tied up in Heaven if Lucifer arrives from apocalypse-world. As a bonus, it’s giving Castiel a little bit of space for more feathers to start growing in while they work.
It takes a minute for Dean to figure out which way is up. This blackness is grabbing and pressing him from every direction at once, which is pretty annoying first of all and second… super confusing. But he figures it out eventually and stands up. And he can’t see
“No, not like-” Castiel rolls his eyes yet again. “Gabriel, I advise you reexamine your knowledge of Sam as a person. Find something he enjoys and gift it to him, I’ve seen it be very successful on television. Humans like inanimate objects, especially shiny trinkets.”
Cas realizes he stopped chewing and swallows, then motions with his splinted hand for the burrito to be set down.
“No. You use soft materials. Presumably on Earth the construction would be slightly different from the way it’s done in Heaven.”
“What happened to my truck?” Cas wonders. Somehow the question never occurred to him until now. “I have a truck.”
For this incarnation of Lucifer I chose something a bit closer to season 5 Lucifer before the writers decided to make him "funny." It just fits better.
On occasion Gabriel will make himself visible and she’ll fly to him too, much to everyone else’s dismay and annoyance. Admittedly Gabriel isn’t the worst with her, and he doesn’t play games with her safety. For all his faults he is very family-oriented in his own way, and she’s not only his charge but his niece, so he
“Dude, you’re about as subtle as… y’know what, that doesn’t even work! There’s pretty much nothing on
Dean’s lungs shiver and he tries to open his eyes again but all his effort is concentrated in grabbing on with just that one hand.
“Yeah, and he’s a dick. But Cas, he’s right about this one thing. And I kinda thought maybe it’d help to hear it from somebody else who you trust more than that guy,” Dean says in an oddly quiet voice.
“Because I want you to!” Dean shouts. He’s terrified that Cas will say no, stay comatose forever. “Because you’re my best friend and I miss you! Because watching you die is one’a the worst things I’ve
“So what happens to Sammy when he tries to use any of that shit?” Dean wonders, eyeing his brother’s pile of hair products.
Gabriel grabs Castiel by the shoulder and they imperceptibly materialize in the back seats of the Impala, much to his steadily mounting annoyance.
There’s also an underlying strangeness to the situation - Castiel has never fought while in tune with a vessel before, he’s always been the one dictating every action, but now he’s “plugged in” to all of Dean’s neurological impulses in preparation to mimic each physical action whether gross or minute. Dean is in charge and Castiel is powering him, to such a degree that the line dividing where one of them ends and the other begins is so blurred as to be virtually undetectable.
“Yeah. Cool. Whatever.” Ever the skeptic. Castiel recalls Dean’s rant to Sam in the church in 2006. “Look what you did, now my dad’s all knocked out over there. Some angel you are, mister.”
Dean’s not stupid. He knows why that’s happening. The Mark is evil and alive, it’s allergic to righteous beings like angels. He has a hunch that the only “angel” he’d be able to stand next to and not suffer for it would be Lucifer, because that’s where this fucking thing came from in the first place. So there’s too much goodness in his best friend. Sometimes Dean thinks Cas could burn his skin just by touching him, now.
Castiel loses his mouthguard when the blood pouring from his nose gets in his mouth and he clumsily tries to spit it back out. The end result is him drooling red down his chest and ruining yet another away game jersey. The medical trainers lead him away to get seen, which is an irritating process of them determining that it’s not a complex break. His nose is snapped painfully back into place, they shove absorbent material into each of his nostrils, a plastic bubble replaces the eye visor of his helmet and he’s sent back out to the bench.
This is how Castiel and Crowley end up sitting on their asses at center ice, not moving and ignoring John as he barks at them to get back up. Finally he demands to know why.
“Crowley, unfortunately,” he groans. “I’d like to get Dean to agree, but I don’t know if that’s even remotely possible. Kevin is a likely candidate, and one of our goalies… the angry one.”
The PR guys start calling for Lee to get a move on, and the room calms down again. Dean tries not to think about how the rest of the team will hear about this before the game against Tampa tomorrow night. He knew that would happen, so there’s no point obsessing over it. (Understanding this is in no way stopping him from obsessing over it.)
“Okay. Gabe, Dean, Cas, you guys go set the trap. Mom, Bobby, you’re going to help me get everyone armed up, we’ll pray when we’re ready and Gabe can come grab us all for the fight.”
sideblog just for this one fic in progress :D it's a huge undertaking and I need to randomly yell about it, so if an AU with a good long slowburn, Saileen, Dysfunctional Angel Family Dynamics TM, Dysfunctional Winchester Family Dynamics TM, and five-year-old Jack sounds interesting to you, come look
“Okay, fellas,” he starts, totally not on the verge of a nervous breakdown or anything with them all looking at him like he’s supposed to dictate how they should go about winning this match. “Let’s put on a good performance tonight, okay? First game’a the season, I think we got a real good group’a guys here so if we can all pull together and land a win at home we should be off to a real strong start this year. So let’s get out there and kick it in the ass.”
“I am alive,” Dean snaps, thankfully not pulling away. He already seems to be on the brink of tears. “You made damn sure’a that, you feathered bastard…”
The rest of their weird team bonding exercise goes pretty okay, and Dean even has a little bit of a sense of relief that he got to unload his emotional baggage on somebody else for a few minutes. He was even able to not spend the whole time obsessing over the fact that Cas boned him when they were rookies.
is really an angel, because it didn’t actually have wings, it just randomly made some shadows that looked like wings. Not the same thing. Angels are supposed to have feathers and shit.
“Yeah, well, it ain’t. ’Cause you basically promised me he wouldn’t get free, and then guess what! I was about two seconds from getting my ass hauled back down to the Pit!” he shouts.
It’s only been one week, which means that of the two visitors who are allowed to see a patient at a time, neither will be Dean. In another seven days, Dean will be allowed to call and visit. Until then, Cas doesn’t get to see him. But, approaching the nurses’ station where people check in if they’re not patients or staff, he is relieved to find that it’s the two people besides Dean who he most wants to see… which is odd, considering they don’t know each other.
Dean reaches out, but he doesn’t grab. He slides his fingertips into the feathers and they twitch against his touch, instantly responding to him. Wherever his hand goes all the surrounding ones light up even brighter and the contact is actually apparently really good for both of them, because Cas’ wings are starting to fluff up and feeling the soft, warm plumage has Dean at least thirty percent less mad than he was a minute ago.
She instantly realizes her error, as well as what point in time she’d chosen to search. No version of Castiel will be available here.
For those who may be sitting there thinking "why is he making such a big deal about that?" to yourselves, if you have an AO3 account you can subscribe to a fic and then every time a new chapter drops you get a nice little email telling you about it. This, for some people, can help reduce anxiety because that way you can be sure you're not accidentally missing anything. For me, as the writer, it makes me really happy to see all those subscribers because it feels a little bit like I have a tv show that X number of people are tuning in to watch every week. It gives me warm fuzzies and makes me feel appreciated <3
“I formed a begrudging alliance with Crowley in an attempt to overthrow Raphael. It technically worked, but in the process I inadvertently unleashed an ancient race of extremely powerful monsters from Purgatory. This temporarily cost me my life and also indirectly caused Bobby to die as well. I must undo all of that, Dean. I haven’t found another way to stop Raphael yet, but I will. And I’ll also stop myself in the process. There must be a way, I just have to find it.”
screwed the pooch this time!” comes an overly-joyous voice that instantly grates on Castiel’s nerves.
“Okay, one, no way in hell can you take care’a yourself right now, so you’re stuck with me either way. And B, don’t fucking insult me by saying shit like that, Cas. You’re here ’cause I want you here, and ’cause I wanna help. Not ’cause I owe you.”
On the fourth afternoon post-murder attempt, Cas startles himself awake on the couch and is immediately relieved to be opening his eyes despite accidentally jarring his broken ribs. His breaths come much more jaggedly, not only from pain but the lingering effects of the nightmare, and he immediately wonders if it’s bad practice to take an ativan immediately on regaining full consciousness.
Castiel processes this. He mentally spools through any similar situation he’s ever been in or seen on tv, and arrives at the conclusion that Crowley is attempting to manipulate him and undermine Dean’s new and fragile leadership.
“Alright, look, don’t you think he’s gonna find out on his own eventually anyway?” Sam snaps. “Dean’s not stupid, Cas. Eventually he’s gonna figure out that this baby who’s named after his mother looks
He’s not gonna think too hard about this. Anybody else who pulled something like this, Sam and Bobby wouldn’t have to try and kill them because Dean would do it himself. But with Cas… it’s different. The rules are always different for Cas, somehow. And Dean’s definitely not examining what the reason why might be because that ain’t important right now. They can, should and
Dean watches him for an uncomfortable moment, glowering visage never softening. But finally he lowers the blade and puts it away again, then stares out through the windshield at some undefined distant point in the night.
“If we really want them to, they could,” Gabriel admits. “But it’s not a great idea, usually they get all panicky and scream and it’s just not fun for anybody. Plus then the angel feels vulnerable, because if your wings are stowed in the veil and not out in the open it’s harder for them to get hurt by something.” He tugs almost an entire handful of dead feathers free from Jack’s left wing and grimaces. “You’re gonna feel
“Yeah, he’s gonna ask me if I took my meds and shit, and if my post-trauma what-fucking-ever is getting better,” Dean shrugs.
but he has no idea what to say and he guesses Cas doesn’t either. Part of Dean’s problem is he’s not actually sure how he feels about this. And all that happens when he tries to untangle this shit is remembering the one time his dad fucking thrashed him for looking at another boy a few seconds too long. (Or something like that. Dean doesn’t actually remember
Cas nods. “I think that’s an excellent idea,” he agrees. “And Sam’s right, getting your certification should be essentially effortless for you, you’re very intelligent and skilled.”
“Dean is the best human I’ve ever known. He has a radiant soul and a kind heart.” Castiel’s senses prickle - Heaven has felt what he did and will soon investigate. “I must go, now.”
“Dean, you’re an involuntary admission. I’m sorry, but until the doctor knows you’re stable, you won’t be able to leave.”
That’s not to say Jack doesn’t wear one of those. He’s currently in possession of multiple child-sized hockey jerseys, one Sens with the number
“No. My grace seems to be borrowing from his soul in order to bring itself back to full strength and heal my wings. Incidentally, I approve of your choices in movies, I’ve heard those are reasonably age-appropriate for you and generally wholesome.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that, I’ve been intercepting the calls for that purpose this afternoon,” Cas explains. “I’ve managed to stop John each time so far. Did you know he gets progressively angrier and more prone to using profanities each time you tell him no?”
“Yeah, he’ll be hidden until the last possible second,” Gabe nods. He rubs his hands together. “Let’s light this candle.”
But among the prisoners of this Prince of Hell is a shimmering aftertaste of archangel grace, blunt and muted somehow. Castiel takes this as an indication of powerful warding being in place. But it’s definitely Gabriel. He’d know Gabriel anywhere, the archangel who kept an eye on him when he was just a young fledgeling digging trenches under the oceans before he was gifted with tactical knowledge and assigned to Ishim’s garrison. He’d asked once why the moon didn’t have oceans and trenches as well, to which Gabriel had laughed and taken them both there. For a brief few decades, as a treat for his unusual curiosity, the archangel had allowed him to pound craters into the dusty surface until Michael caught them and sent them back to Earth where they were supposed to be working.
is the goalie in-net tonight, and Castiel is reasonably certain he’s the one Dean often complains about being inconsistent, so seeing the opposing team charge right for their defensive zone right at the start of the game is not comforting.
“He’s clearly not going to with the issue left unresolved. And apparently he also doesn’t realize that humans don’t instantly recover from thirty five years of self-loathing just by speaking to someone about it.”
“That sounds nice. Jack is with Michael for Thanksgiving, but on Saturday when I’m home again we’re going to go out with Meg and Anna for a separate celebration. I personally find it baffling that my brother is so much nicer to my son than he is to me, but in this case that’s probably for the best.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel says, somehow pulling them both back onto their skates. He hands over Dean’s stick. “Are you alright?”
Mostly when he’s on the bench Dean spends his time doing his absolute best not to grimace in pain while counting the seconds as they drain away on the clock. At 7:29 he has a shift cut short by a power play, which is a huge relief and sends him off the ice to get back to watching the 1st wind down; at 5:02 every fan in the stadium starts booing the Isles on an unassisted Crowley goal; at 4:10 Cole gets a fighting major, but so does the Tampa player he throws hands with, which means they’ll be at four-on-four through the very beginning of the 2nd; at 1:38 Cas gets cross-checked in the mouth and immediately plants the guy who does it while drooling blood onto his own jersey, which puts them at a four-on-three instead; at 0:41, Max puts them up to 4-0 and gets them back to four-on-four.
“Okay. Wait.” Dean drops the bottle, which he thank… whoever remembered to put the cap back on before falling over. “I thought you said you don’t want people prayin’ to you, first of all, and second I wasn’t payin’ to you anyway, so why’re you listenin’ in?”
“NO I THINK YOU SHOULD DO IT” Sam says with an expression that’s the exact opposite of any of his normal bitchfaces.
At least Sam manages to get them to the hotel in one piece. Dean struggles painfully to walk into the room and ignores whatever Sam’s doing because he just wants to lie down and sleep for a week straight.
When that’s done with, they finally pile onto the ice of the practice arena. Dean almost sighs with relief as his skates cut in, because for the first three seconds it’s like coming home, he’s had this feeling under his feet since he was four years old and it’s almost more familiar to him than the voice of his own mother. Then the responsibility comes crashing back down again. He wears the C now, which is actually something he never wanted, and it just means an extra ten layers of expectations (which will all inevitably end in disappointment) from his dad.
The sound of his shortcomings eventually ceases, but not for long. It comes to him intermittently, Dean praying:
Some kinda noise behind him on the bed. Dean whips around to look and he can tell that who or whatever was here is gone now, but there on the blanket is a feather. It’s way too big to belong to a bird, and also it’s like. Bright fucking rainbow. He’s never seen a feather like that before, and - how the fuck did it get there anyway? Is Sammy pranking him?
Cas covers himself completely in the thin hospital blankets and burrows his head between the mattress and the pillow because it still smells like Dean a little bit under there. He wishes for Dean because Dean would lie on his back to press him and then he’d feel better eventually.
When they’re back out on the ice again, it’s the first line and second D-pair that get sent out to start. Dean ends up between Benny and Kevin on the bench, and they all stand for the national anthems - the Canadian one comes first because they’re hosting the Habs for this match, then the American one. Dean’s heard them so many times by now that he could sing either of them without needing to look up the words.
Castiel hates himself for saying that even more than he hates the fact that it’s technically true. He hasn’t been given orders in a very long time, but back when he was receiving him, that was almost always the case. But Dean deserves tenderness and attentive care from a friend, not cruelly delivered arguments and directives.
Dean nods and shakes his head both at once. “And uh. How long did you know about this before it happened?”
Cas, so Dean focuses on that instead, on his friend’s face. Usually he’s so fucking grim, even after falling and experiencing humanity, but right now he just looks sad. But not for himself. He’s sad for Dean, always for Dean, almost everything he’s ever done has been for Dean. Hell, right now he’s hanging out somewhere under Dean’s skin, with no agency over himself except to prop up the dead weight of Dean’s broken body.
Castiel starts chewing his again only to immediately stuff it the rest of the way back into his mouth as his line is sent, changing on man by man to take over the battle in the neutral zone. He attempts to pick the puck off an opponent’s stick but gets checked roughly away by a Stars D-man. Stumbling briefly before recovering his balance, he notes that apparently everyone else has forgotten that ice is slippery - Kevin and a Star both blow tires and the puck spins away to bounce weakly off the sideboards.
“I’m doing it for you, Dean.” As if that fucking explains everything, which - no. It doesn’t. “Someone in Heaven needs to revise the Enochian language. We require a word for ‘love.’” Cas frowns a little. “All of the sounds in your first name exist in Enochian. We could just use that.”
“Dude, c’mere.” Dean grabs Cas by the arm and they both go into his room. “You can borrow one’a mine for tonight, tomorrow when we get to Miami we’re gonna go get you some new ones. You can’t just wear the same tie every night for the whole season.”
“You stupid sunuva bitch! I don’t - Cas, I don’t have friends, okay?” Dean tries to work out what he needs to say. “I don’t. They all end up dead. But you’re, y’know, you’re a little nerdy guy with wings but you’re tough and hard to kill. So I kinda thought maybe this time it’d be different.” He swallows his pride. “I don’t give a shit if you’re helpful. I don’t. I just don’t want you to go.”
“No, Dean, I would never say that. I have discovered recently that she’s a Prophet. They aren’t allowed to kill her anymore.”
“Alright, if you’re sure.” They leave briefly to retrieve their lunch trays and then sit on their beds facing each other. “Dean, correct me if I’m wrong, but there are other food groups besides pie.”
Out on the ice for warmups before the first period, Dean can’t help a self-conscious glance up at the rafters where the banners of retired numbers are on display - second from the right is
“It’s not the blanket necessarily, it’s the compression. It’s about being squeezed into the mattress, it stops me from feeling like I’ll float away from the world or fall off of something. It’s grounding, it’s comforting. Like a hug, except… much less unbearable.”
“Maybe not,” she cuts him off. “But don’t you think life is hard enough already without making this into such a big deal for yourself?”
“Hmm…” Dean chews, likely thinking. “That’s tough. I guess it depends who makes it. Apple’s usually right up near the top’a the list, though.”
He rubs his face and sits up, just in time to see his brother snapping apparently a broken bone in Gabe’s wing back into place. Gabe, understandably, screams.
“Yeah, well…” Dean scrubs his face on his palm. “Sorry to mess with you, kiddo. He ain’t here.” The whiskey is definitely sinking in by now, he can feel it. “Unless you got some way to get him back, in which case - I’m all ears, buddy.”
“Somewhere between six and seven hundred,” Castiel answers. “Gabriel and Jack have close to a thousand.”
And Cas believes that, because it’s Dean saying it. He trusts Dean, feels safe with Dean. Dean who right now is being the “big spoon.” The nurses who do checks every half hour don’t like it, but Dean repeatedly got cranky with them and refused to budge, and by now they’ve given up trying to get Cas back to his side of the room.
He knew this was happening ahead of time, and for awhile there he considered putting up banishing sigils just in case that damn fool angel decided to try anything… at the end, though, he didn’t. Angel sigils are a funny thing. There’s only about five of them, and by themselves they don’t mean much. It’s mostly about intent and what the sigil gets drawn with. Blood, intent to banish - banishing sigil. Paint, intent to block - the sigil bars entry. They could be the same design but act completely differently based just on intent. Sometimes even the color can change what they do. At least, that’s how Cas explained it.
“Your teammates can stick up for their own damn selves, Dean, you don’t gotta be picking fights left and right every time someone goes down on the ice.”
The squealing ring in his ear gradually gives way only to be replaced by the wailing sirens of emergency vehicles rapidly approaching. Cas is handled away from Dean and onto an ambulance stretcher, nowhere near gently enough, and when they ask him questions his only choice is to moan incoherently. They give up fairly quickly on that idea.
Crowley does. That man is simultaneously extremely talented and indescribably unprofessional, and Castiel is beyond tired of his antics. The only reason he doesn’t step in and interfere is that he hates John even more and he knows John deserves it.
Actually maybe he shouldn’t just dismiss how off Cas is being, because something clearly ain’t right here. Cas’ face doesn’t change and he’s standing unnaturally still like he always does, but Dean’s never seen his eyes look so expressive before. And right now what they express is sadness and regret that are so strong they almost look like grief. It’s unnerving.
That’s the bluntest anyone’s said that to him so far and it’s like getting hit with a sledgehammer. Dean swallows.
Cas is quiet for way too long, and Dean starts to sweat. Eventually: “Dean, your thoughtfulness flatters and humbles me.”
Jack’s gloves and pants are turquoise blue and his socks and helmet are white, so it’s adorably ridiculous now that he’s in a bright orange practice jersey. Maybe Dean should’ve snatched one of the white ones instead. He closes the helmet strap under Jack’s chin and then fastens down the face-cage, and once he’s satisfied that everything’s in place he throws on his own helmet and they head out onto the fresh ice with their sticks. It feels funny to be missing a glove but there’s not much he can really do about that, and either way it’s super unlikely that Jack would be able to hurt him.
“Oh, fuck off.” He’s not in the mood to play nice with this bastard right now. “I’ve had way more than enough’a you feathery dicks already.”
The next few minutes are Dean and Jack mimicking each other’s stretching routines, trying to see if what he’s doing is better than what Dean does. Of course, Dean’s pregame stuff is all autonomous on his part.
“Um. Thank you,” Cas mumbles, slightly more flat than usual even for him. A brief surge of grace shocks through his shoulders and the rest of the dead feathers drop away. “There, that should be the end of it for now. At least until the oil glands recover.”
Gabriel eyes him, but ultimately shrugs. “Okay. Be prepared for me to blow you away with my answer.”
“I don’t know. What he did was an illegal check. I can’t say whether he thinks what he did was right at the time, but I could see it from the bench, if one of their players did that to us I would get very angry about it.”
“Yeah, well… don’t. Worry about yourself, focus on getting better.” Dean doesn’t seem to be angry. “Try not to breathe so hard, okay? Breathe slower, it’ll help.”
Dad comes in, except he’s not Dad right now, he’s John Winchester, a legend with a retired number and current head coach of the Islanders. Objectively, he’s a smart guy and an effective leader, and he puts together teams that are absolutely
It seems fortunate that the other one isn’t nearby at the moment. She’s not in any mood to deal with the antics of two emotionally spastic mortals at the same time. At the sound of her wings, Dean is instantly roused from slumber and leaps from his bed with a gun in his hand. Naomi is vaguely amused by this. He can’t do anything to her and they both know it.
Of course, Dean and Cas are both about to become major mile-markers in the world of professional hockey, so they have to stay longer and do more PR stuff after the other eight guys get to go home for the day. Moments like this make Dean hate his job, more than injuries or homophobia, because those are things he’s had to put up with since he could walk and he can at least set them aside. But media bullshit has a special way of getting on his nerves, because it forces him into a spot where he gets served up like a pork roast and viewed by the public - and he knows that every single one of the Islanders fans who watches these videos can see right through him. They all probably know he’s a fraud, he got drafted at all because of his dad and that’s the same reason he’s captain right now. He’s an average D-man at best and he doesn’t want to be paid attention to.
is the exact same checking line as last season so Dean already knows someone’s about to get hurt. He wishes it wasn’t his shift for the goal now, he should be out there taking those hits from the other team’s attackers instead…
- Zeddmore - is a center and the other three of them are wingers, so he takes the faceoff. Castiel finds himself positioned back on the blue line with Dean, possibly because he’s the only left-handed Islander on the ice at the moment so it makes for better coverage to have him on that side to catch any mishaps. Castiel isn’t spectacular at defense but he’ll manage regardless.
“C-A-S” he spells out, which prompts Castiel to make a mental note to himself that he needs to show Dean the sign for his name at some point, “ONE DON’T EAVESDROP ON ME ANYMORE AND B HOW COME YOU CAN’T HAVE NORMAL CONVERSATIONS”
bitchface. “Cas procrastinating for nine years was the worst, I didn’t think anyone could be as bad at this as him, but you bumped him down a notch somehow.”
“I can’t believe you two! Look, let’s just - Future-Cas will prob’ly come back once whatever snatched him up is finished, so let’s find out what his game plan is and if it ain’t too horrifying we’ll help him out with it.”
Dean nods slowly, not breaking eye contact. He moves his hand to settle gently on the side of Cas’ face; Cas leans into the touch without meaning to, though he doesn’t fight it once he realizes what he’s doing. He’s not sure how they got here, but before he can ask Dean speaks again.
Cas reaches up a hand first and gently pushes the blade away. Apparently he knows that Dean won’t actually have the balls to skewer him.
fandom, and there are so many fics available that many inevitably get missed. So I just want to say thank you, I love you guys and I feel appreciated ^_^
Apparently Dean’s hand was a sacrifice to the Hockey Gods tonight, though, because Frank is doing amazing so far. By the time they hit the twelve minute mark in the 1st the Bolts are already getting visibly frustrated, because Victor and Jesse both have goals to their names at this point but Tampa is still at zero on their own ice.
“Yeah. That’s what happens when you’re lugging around the Word of God. You know angels aren’t even supposed to touch those things, right? It could actually destroy you if you get too careless.”
“Hey, we’ll be over to check on you tomorrow, until then you got everything you need, right?” Dean questions.
Sixty five subscribers! Eight months on and I still feel enormously satisfied seeing such a large audience on my fics ^_^
Castiel harbors some amount of disappointment in her for looking relieved when he says that Dean’s feelings for him are platonic and familial in nature. He’s aware of the views that were common when she died, but that doesn’t make it less irritating. Dean is her son, she should love him however he is. It leaves him to wonder how she would’ve reacted supposing he’d said Dean was in love with him.
In only eight days, Cas has been compiling an understanding of Dean Winchester. A severely broken man, yes. An unemployable and non-functioning alcoholic, absolutely. But since yesterday, during the incident with Raphael, Dean has been considerably less… mopey. From this, combined with Dean’s previous comments, Cas has ascertained that Dean functions best when he has something or someone to protect and look after. Cas wonders if all this time what Dean has really needed is a puppy. He also wonders if he should suggest that to Sam in a few minutes.
Castiel feels carefully. He seems to be past the majority of the demons by now, and so risks briefly searching for any markers of Gabriel’s presence. There are two other archangels currently trapped down here, but they’re both in the Cage, which is practically on the opposite side of the Pit.
following shortly after. Castiel sprints into position to take away a passing lane while Benny goes after the forward currently possessing the puck, which naturally doesn’t end well for that particular Oiler because Benny won’t be moved in any direction he doesn’t choose to go. Benny is a D-man’s D-man, always solidly in the way of the opposing players and readily backing up offensive teammates wherever he’s needed. He’s even better when he’s got Dean to work in tandem with, yet another in a list of a thousand reasons why they all can’t wait for their captain to come back to them in just over a week.
“We can’t talk him out of it? Cas is always telling me how it’s bad to kill other angels…” He stops at Gabriel’s slow head-shake.
Gabriel raises an eyebrow slightly at him, then grins. He appreciates that Sam really does understand the importance of this gesture and that it means reciprocation. He could make a joke, hell he could probably come up with a dozen jokes, but he doesn’t. He just accepts Sam’s feather and tucks it gently into a pocket on the inside of his jacket.
Ah, perfect, he doesn’t even need to come up with a lie on his own. “Yes. The important thing is that the child is safe,” Castiel answers in a hoarse voice.
“I don’t know. Likely several dozen, including my family and everyone at the previous hospital where I was interred.”
When nothing works, Dean feels around the busted wing for the injury. It seems like a clean enough break and they probably don’t have time for this, so he snaps it back into place and gets an agonized scream for his efforts. After that both wings disappear and Cas rolls clumsily onto his back.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You realize that it isn’t a requirement for you to be in charge of everything all the time.”
Dean hangs onto his shoulder to keep him steady - he’s pretty sure the irony isn’t lost on either of them about that. Cas is shaky and weak, but thank Jack he doesn’t actually trip or fall. Dean gets his friend settled in, all wrapped in blankets like those things butterflies grow in. And he stays until Cas falls asleep.
“You’ve been a professional hockey player for over a decade, I’m sure you know the answer to that,” Crowley snorts at him.
Dean returns to the bunker less than three days after his departure, which doesn’t in any way seem like adequate time for Castiel to prepare for the coming discussion. It’s not surprising, though. A rugaru is a milk run for Dean.
“I’m real, Dean,” Cas whispers, so quietly that Dean almost can’t hear him. These words are just for Dean. Sam’s not allowed to have them. “Jack rescued me. Now I’m here to rescue you. Everything’s going to be fine.”
Wanting Dean to get better is all the justification Cas needs for his actions this afternoon when the phone rings.
“And ‘angel’ is kind of an umbrella term, and you humans wrongly use it to describe basically every celestial being. Originally it was a specific power ranking and there’s two kinds. The functionaries have the stereotypical fluffy white ones like you see in paintings and crap. Garrison warriors’ are more like a charcoal color. Seraphim wings are kinda weirdly colored, they’re shiny and rainbow like an oil slick… Raphael had these bright gold feathers and he was always super stuck up about it like we should be jealous.”
Dean feels like he got hit by a fucking train. He puts his other hand behind Cas’ neck and they both lean in so their foreheads touch. Dean won’t get to keep anything, he wants this Cas instead of his own Cas but this Cas’ life is measured in hours, now.
“Y’know what, kiddo, when it comes to something like this, you should do what your coach tells you, okay? I don’t wanna get you in trouble or nothing when you’re still learning.”
“I don’t know,” Sam shrugs. “I have no control over that.” He unfolds his hands and sits back somewhat in the chair. “Alright, we do actually have to talk business a little bit. Things are looking okay right now for your case, it basically hinges on me being able to prove that Raphael having agency over you is making you suffer.”
Castiel wonders what his Father would have to say about the manner in which he’s chosen to love and care for humanity.
“You sunuva bitch!” Dean yells, grabbing him by the lapels of his coat and shaking him roughly several times. “It’s been six fuckin’ months and
“Yeah, well, speaking of that, I got you some stuff to start with that’ll at least make the next few days a little easier on you,” Dean grins, already missing the weight now that they’re on the floor and Cas doesn’t have to cling to him for dear life anymore.
“I feel the need to point out that the situation being ‘bad’ in the first place was entirely your fault,” Castiel says flatly before squirting water onto his face to cool himself.
(Kinda. John is God as far as this team is concerned, so Dean isn’t actually at the top of the chain of command here.)
Dean has a similar appearance to a deflating balloon. Cas isn’t sure whether that’s a good, bad, or neutral sign.
“I’m under contract, they can’t get rid of me for at least a year. And I’m not going to get in his pants, Meg. I’m a professional. Besides, I don’t personally know a single other NHL player who isn’t straight besides myself, and I’m sure he’s no exception.”
“One thing you should really understand going in, it’s probably not going to happen that you’ll be allowed to have agency over yourself. You’ve been experiencing recurring episodes of psychosis which so far isn’t controlled by medication or therapy, and that combined with your autism means you’ll have a really difficult time proving to anybody that you can take care of yourself without some kind of help. Are there any other family members besides Raphael who you’d be more comfortable having agency over you?”
Naomi wonders, not for the first time, what exactly it is about him that Castiel finds so fascinating. He’s uppity and unpleasant and there’s nothing special about him at all.
He gets the reasoning behind this gesture, though. Angel wings are very vulnerable, they’re important for securing a mate and for combat and travel, so there’s no way in hell Cas would offer something like this if he didn’t really,
“Hello Dean.” Castiel rests a palm on his shoulder and Dean rapidly spins to face him. “I promise, I
“Yeah, I bet.” Dean scoots his chair right up to the side of the cot and slips one side of his flannel off, then pushes up the sleeve of his undershirt. “Can’t really see it anymore, but… already says ‘property of Cas’ on there, right?”
Aside from Castiel’s older brother, the Sens deflate like leaking balloons from this point onwards, and despite Crowley and Victor both getting penalties (interference and hooking, respectively) can’t keep possession of the puck for more than ten seconds. Discounting said penalties, the 3rd is generally uneventful, and the final score stays 6-2 as the clock runs dry. The Isles all pour out from their bench to hug and tap helmets with their goalie.
Even if he hadn’t done multiple treacherous things in short order of each other, and even if his remaining lifespan wasn’t likely measured in days at this point, Castiel would still not deserve to have Dean for his mate. It draws on something he’d said back before they became friends, after the raising of a greater demon and the breaking of a seal - humans are works of art. Not all artwork is comparable. Most humans, in Castiel’s opinion, are comic book drawings or children’s finger paintings. Dean, on the other hand, is equivalent to the sistine chapel. And Castiel is a wavelength of light and celestial intent, currently bound in a flesh container that lost its original owner and so would die and rot without his presence. Art is not and has never been made for angels.
“My mom was a little weird about it at first, but she’s cool now. Sammy’s totally fine obviously. Uh, there’s some other… I guess family-friends? They know and they’re fine.”
“Okay, so according to Cas if I was an angel I’d be a seraph,” Sam comments, very randomly. He taps the outside of the bowl and then mutters to it in Enochian, a phrase that loosely translates to something along the lines of “taking the mundane to make it divine, and represent the soaring of celestials”. The bowl flares briefly in pale blue, then Sam reaches inside and pulls out a feather - it’s iridescent, a spectrum of colors, and is somehow indistinguishable from an actual seraph feather. “It took me a little while to figure out how to make this work, and Rowena made fun of me the whole time I was talking to her about it, but…”
Dean rolls his eyes and stomps away to probably get some liquor. Cas sits back down calmly and Sam keeps studying him - their Cas mostly looks tired and cranky these days, but this Cas is downright exhausted with deep undertones of sadness and regret in his expression.
The Habs aren’t about to take this lying down, of course. They’ve sent their checking line out to face the Isles now, which
Cas scrabbles at the floor, trying to escape. The hand lets go of his neck to tangle in his hair - his head lifts just enough to be smashed back down again, hard enough for white to flash through his vision. He whines and drools blood.
Castiel rolls his eyes again and allows himself the luxury of an exasperated sigh. “I realize there’s little I could do to stop you besides pointing out how reckless it is. I’ll give you this, you do clearly have at least some understanding of things that Sam will appreciate and enjoy. If you could follow this line of thinking to outcomes that are less potentially harmful, that would be ideal, but it’s still a step in the right direction.”
“With Jack. They’re consuming absurd amounts of artificial confectionaries in the kitchen. Incidentally, when that’s resolved, your mother is looking for you.”
Two nurses appear in the door of the room - one begins interrogating Dean and the other nicely asks Cas to come with her to morning group. The routine dictates that yes, he should do his therapy group this morning, so he does even though he’s worried about what’s going to happen with Dean.
Jack gets it and does everything in his power to keep Lucifer away from Gabriel; meanwhile, Gabriel is reciting every swear word in every language known to man or angel as he struggles to drag himself free. It takes an embarrassing thirty seconds to un-shishkebab his own chest, but once he’s clear his wings whip him over so that he can drop himself onto his brother. They crash together and tumble into a heap, the whole time kicking each other and trying to grab (and by extension, break) each other’s wings.
A note on the Moms Trip mentioned at the beginning of the chapter - this is something the Bruins do, and I have no idea if the Isles also do it because I don't pay very close attention to their behind-the-scenes stuff. However, small things like this seem like a good idea to include in the fic whether or not the irl Islanders do them because believe it or not but hockey teams do more than just play hockey.
Hockey is arguably the most homophobic major sport there is, to such a degree that it’s almost too easy to ignore the fact that the Isles’ PR team loudly boasting about being the most inclusive club in the league is at least half performative allyship for brownie points with SJWs who probably don’t even watch the damn sport in the first place. Yes, they have seven queer players, yes they have three players of color, yes a lot of their support staff are something other than cishet white guys.
“Yeah, we do that a lot,” Gabriel grins. He pulls some type of candy bar out of his pocket even though Jack isn’t supposed to have sugar after 4pm. “Here you go, champ.”
, who carries it away behind and around the net to pass to Castiel. He almost fumbles catching it but manages to keep control, flying up the ice into the neutral zone and ping-ponging it back and forth with Kevin as they try to outwit the opposing D-men.
Castiel’s baffled by the direction the conversation is taking. He hadn’t dared hope for anything to proceed so smoothly, but this is an infinitely superior option to the alternative of forcing Gabriel to kill Raphael. Heaven needs its archangels in order to operate correctly. Unable to speak, he fluffs his wings and gives his best
Dean isn’t facing either of them, but Castiel has no doubt he’s rolling his eyes. “Yup. Well. Life’s a bitch and then you die, might as well smooth the ride a little, right?”
“Listen Feathers, I suck at this and you know it, okay? And one breakfast ain’t gonna be enough for you to undo forty years of fuckups and another forty years of Hell-trauma.”
Cas happens to be nearby, so he answers it, because that’s what the rule is for this situation. “Hello.”
doesn’t wanna see a second time. He’s forced to watch Cas die, but from an outside position; he can see himself and his angel in front of him. Tears burn his eyes but he’s not allowed to look away for some reason. How the hell does Cas not regret this,
Dean yells for the medical trainers, still crouched on the ice and gently using his hands to hold Castiel still just in case. Distantly, Castiel registers the sound of Gabriel aggressively reprimanding whichever one of his teammates was responsible for this. No doubt there will be a penalty, either for boarding or interference.
Dean snags the puck when it comes his way again, fumbling for a second and almost missing it. Two Habs are about to try and staple him into the sideboards so he flings it to the first friendly jersey he sees - with an opponent in the way he doesn’t have a view of the net but the goal horn sounds two seconds later, so somebody got something right.
