Dean pulls back to look around, squinting against the sunlight. “Did you do that?”
He watches Dean drag himself out of the dirt, hands steady and sure, and when he crests above ground he simply lays there for a moment, taking in the blue sky and gulping in lungfuls of fresh air. He watches Dean gather his bearings, take in his surroundings, and find his way due north. He moves with purpose, like he knows exactly where he's going and what he needs to do, although Castiel can feel the hesitancy coming off him in waves- most likely because he doesn't know what pulled him out of Hell, and he doesn't know
He is so very, very wrong. He opens the door to Dean’s heaven and comes face to face with himself.
Castiel replies, a little too quickly, and he surprises himself with how defensive he sounds. He digs around inside himself for a moment, trying to pinpoint why he would sound that way, but can’t quite put his finger on it.
If Dean remembers Castiel watching him sleep, he doesn’t mention it the next morning, or the day after that. It’s only two days after, when Castiel has had enough time to simmer himself into a tumultuous rage over the possibilities of Dean’s torture in Hell, that the topic comes up.
“Of course,” Castiel says somberly. “I am an Angel of the Lord.”
He wraps his hands around Dean Winchester and hauls him out of Hell with a strength he didn’t know he had, feels the way the soul beneath his fingertips simmers under skin, as though it were just barely contained. It is vivid and dazzling, and brings Castiel close to tears. He has never seen a soul so brilliant, and for a moment, he is overcome with honor that he has been given the task of retrieving it, of safeguarding and keeping a watchful eye on it.
"Atta boy," Dean says, softly, and Cas' face melts into something soft and sweet. He beams at Dean through the blood on his face, like a kid being praised for doing the right thing.
Around the corner, Castiel hears the barn doors smash open, and Sam calls out, “Dean?!” in a panicked voice.
“That’s-” Sam looks between the two of them, shocked. “That’s amazing.”
If he could see her, Castiel is sure Naomi would be ruffling her feathers, insulted that he questioned her sources.
Dean doesn’t even flinch. He looks more confused than anything; watching as his skin begins to smoke and furl, and the distinct, sickening scent of burnt flesh begins to take form.
Cas is just finishing up explaining the difference between pink and blue soft corals to him, so invested in the documentary and full of information about everything, when Dean cuts him off with yet another, "I love you."
“Gotta get pretty close to use inhalants,” Meg muses out loud.
There is a few minutes of silence, of both of them simply sitting there, watching each other hesitantly, like wild animals waiting for the other one to react first. It is broken by the click of a lock and Sam opening the bathroom door to step out.
“I healed him,” Castiel pipes in. Sam turns to look at him, eyes shining, and Castiel continues, “I noticed Dean’s wrist was broken, but neither of you seemed to realize it. I fixed it and simply healed his other injuries as well.”
Sam prays to Castiel, one night when Dean is asleep. Castiel considers not answering, solely because he has been watching over the both of them quietly unseen, and he thinks it’s better that way. But Sam sounds so earnest and desperate, Castiel appears before him on the cold sidewalk outside their dingy motel room. The sky is clear and there’s a biting wind against Castiel’s face. Sam’s own cheeks are tinted pink, and he looks tired, more tired than someone his age should.
"Any reason you're messing with my car, man?" Dean asks, voice colder now. He steps into place beside the man in the trench coat, crossing his arms.
They lapse into a familiar silence. As Sam disinfects his blisters, Dean rolls his left shoulder a few times, looking lost in thought. When he reaches up to gently touch it through the fabric of his shirt, Castiel’s fingertips tingle again like they had in the gas station store earlier.
Castiel presses into his personal space, taking in the wild look in Dean’s eyes, and the way his hands shine a slick black with blood in the moonlight. “Like I said, your work is beautiful, Dean.”
The Ghost hesitates. He pulls the needle away, just a few centimeters, and tilts his head to the side in such an endearing way Dean would be trying to kiss him if he wasn’t currently tied to a chair. This close, and with Dean’s eyes adjusted, he can just make out parts of the man’s face, the shadows sloping along high cheekbones and a sharp jaw. The Ghost is… handsome, to say the least, and he’s got some brilliant blue eyes.
“Why?” Sam shoots back immediately. “What do you want with him?”
"I love you," Dean says again, and he wraps his arms, which have been sitting uselessly between them, around Cas' middle, pulls him as close as he can get- which is no more than they already are. "I love you, I love you, I love you. Cas, I love you."
Meg slides past him, glancing at the card as well as she moves into the bathroom. She unhooks her bra as she does, draping the lacy black thing over Dean’s shoulder in passing.
There’s a noise like lightning sizzling, and then Heaven Castiel shimmers like light caught on the water. He warps and fades slowly, like a hallucination, or a fog.
Castiel levels his gaze, tries to match Dean’s intensity with all the human emotion he can muster. “Was the demon right, Dean? Is that how they broke you?”
Castiel looks down at where his hands are connected with Dean’s, the soft, vulnerable part of Dean’s belly open and bare beneath him. Castiel swallows.
“I’m Dean,” He says, and she laughs again.
In his arms, Dean coughs, and a tiny bit of blood splatters against Castiel’s cheek.
Castiel forms in the passenger seat, a move that clearly startles Dean but not enough for him to jerk the car. Just enough that he jolts in his seat, his fingers twitching on the wheel.
Naomi sighs, and it is a sound that makes Castiel feel particularly small and useless.
Elijah's hand shoots out to grab his wrist. "Wait, Rich, I don't think this is a good idea."
Castiel isn’t sure what he expected when Dean called him, but he’ll take any chance to speak with him. “I’m fine. I’d be much better if you were more careful with your body.”
Dean looks at him for a very long moment, lips pursed thoughtfully. Then, he says, “I don’t think that’s right.”
Dean looks like he’s refraining from rolling his eyes, but he gingerly places his own hand in Castiel’s. When their skin touches, Castiel’s fingertips tingle with electricity. He tries to ignore it and instead slides his hand up to cover Dean’s wrist, wrapping his fingers gently around the tiny bones. He channels his grace into it, and with a tiny flash of bright light, he feels the bones shift smoothly back into their correct place, the fracture healing instantly. He reaches his grace out as an afterthought and heals anything else he notices- the torn ligament in Dean’s knee and the hairline fracture in his foot, as well as the cuts on his body and bruise on his face.
He demands, no longer patient enough to be respectful.
Castiel frowns. “We are not courting each other.”
Like he's a rag doll, Cas tosses the man to the ground, the sickening crunch of bones breaking echoing in the lot. The hunter gurgles hellishly, his throat torn open and pouring out blood sickly. Cas, dropping to all fours above him, takes one hand and rips into the hunter's chest like it's made of stuffing.
She meets his gaze with a twinkle in her eye, the smallest of smiles on her lips. “Must be a new one, then.”
Castiel obliges, and after about ten minutes, Dean has meticulously finished his work, and they’re headed out the door hand in hand.
Before Dean can open his mouth to reply, Zachariah lurches forward and plunges his blade directly into Dean’s heart.
There hadn’t been much time to appreciate Dean’s human form when he was dragging him out of Hell, and besides, his soul had been so brilliantly vibrant, it was hard to look at much else. But up close, now, Castiel sees how the face matches the soul. Dean is handsome, with sharp features and a lithe, toned body. He’s got small wrinkles that are smoothed out in his sleep at the corner of his eyes, stubble growing on his chin, and full lips. Castiel takes it all in, and has a sudden, jarring thought that this was the face Michael would someday wear. It makes something in his chest tighten up at the thought, and he has to look away, suddenly overwhelmed in a way he has never felt before.
that he brings around like a golden retriever," He says out loud, to the general room. A few people shift uncomfortably, but nobody responds. "I bet none of you have even seen an angel before."
Dean stares at him. “What?”
Dean moves about the store with ease, swallowing down two bottles of fresh water and eating a protein bar with maximum efficiency as he begins filling a plastic shopping bag from behind the counter with bottles of water and food. He pauses when he passes a mirror beside a sunglasses display, and Castiel watches him lift the sleeve off his left shoulder, revealing the freshly scarred handprint from Castiel lifting him out of Hell.
The whole bar watches him, and only the three of them get up to follow him out- Richard confidently, Elijah nervously, and Henry like he's just bored and wants to see what will happen.
Dean arrives at an old dusty gas station, with a single pump and a small store. There's nobody inside, and Castiel watches Dean press his face to the dirty window to double check before punching in the glass of the door to break in like it's nothing. His hand slices open on a sharp edge, but Dean barely blinks- Castiel supposes after Hell, a cut to the hand is nothing to the man.
Zachariah laughs, but it sounds stilted. “No, I’m not the rugaru you’re hunting, Dean.”
Castiel says, mostly thinking aloud.
Dean can practically feel the doubt coming off the man in waves. “I have no colleagues.”
“You,” Dean whispers. “I guess you could say we’re soulmates. They showed me visions of us, together. In love. Like this,” He gestures to the field around them, quickly taking Castiel’s hand again like he’s afraid if he doesn’t keep a tight hold on him Castiel will disappear. “Showed me a future I could have with you and how we were meant to be. For years. And then they,” Dean pauses, eyes getting shiny with tears. He looks away from Castiel, down to the ground. “They showed me things like you dying. A thousand different ways. I couldn’t stop it. And it was always my fault.”
“Me?” Castiel repeats.
“I’m Dean,” He breathes out, and The Ghost smiles, a surprisingly gentle look on his otherwise intimidating face.
Heaven Castiel laughs again, leans in to kiss Dean properly. The Heaven around Castiel warps and shifts again, and this time he is thrown through several scenes, some of them brand new, some of them familiar but different. There’s a scene of Dean delicately grooming Castiel’s wings as Castiel nods off happily in front of him; a scene of the night Dean had gotten his broken wrist healed by Castiel, but this time Castiel presses his lips to the tiny bones beneath the skin and his grace flashes through his mouth and heals Dean intimately; a scene of Dean asleep in the backseat of the Impala with his head in Castiel’s lap; a scene of Dean and Castiel slow dancing in an unknown living room in the early hours of the morning, the lights off and the radio playing something old and romantic.
Dean takes no notice. He slides into a barstool, cracks his neck, and flatly orders two fingers of whiskey. The bartender eyes him warily, like she knows who he is and what he's done but is too afraid to address him.
The Ghost lowers his hand holding the needle, and gives Dean a look he can only describe as awestruck. “Your work is incredible.”
“Love you,” Dean breathes out, his body going limper and limper in Castiel’s arms. “I love you, Angel. I’ll see you real soon, okay?”
“What have you done?!” Castiel gasps, dropping to his knees as well to catch Dean in his arms. “What have you done?!”
Normally, Castiel would ignore him. Humans have no business demanding anything of an angel, especially considering how much Castiel has done for this specific one, despite Dean not even knowing it.
Dean elbows him gently in the side, flipping a piece of bacon. "I love you," He says quietly.
"Well," He says, finally. "This is a bit of a problem, isn't it?"
Dean gets the card at exactly eight in the morning on a Tuesday, which in and of itself, is strange. His cards usually arrive on Fridays or Sundays, and never before his previous card is finished first.
not daring to speak.
"I--" He tries again, but it just won't come out right. He presses his nose into the side of Cas' throat, holds still to feel the steady thump of heartbeat against his skin. Gently, Cas lets go of his elbows to hold him in his arms instead. It's firm and grounding and Dean thinks, hazily, that even though he's crying so hard he's sure he'll have a headache later, and his knees are already starting to ache, he doesn't think he's been this happy in months. Years, maybe.
Castiel’s been watching them for the human equivalent of three months. To him, it is merely a blip in time compared to how long he has been alive, but it’s long enough for them that Sam’s hair has grown out and curled behind his ears, and Dean’s gained back a significant amount of muscle mass that he’d lost after Hell. No longer the malnourished, sickly looking dead body that Castiel had carefully tucked his soul back into.
“No! God, no,” Dean laughs shortly. “Like I could kill you. You’re The Ghost.”
"Dean has," Richard says, jerking his head in said man's direction.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?!” Sam snarls, turning on him, eyes wet with tears. He looks furious, his whole body trembling like he was the one who was burned. “What’s wrong with you?!”
"You didn't hear?" Richard asks, eyebrows shooting up. He leans in, like he's got some big secret. He looks around, although nobody is listening, too engrossed in their own conversations- most likely discussing the same topic. "Dude's in Hell. Like, the Hell."
Elijah frowns at Richard.
“It’s no fun if you just watch,” He says, finally, because he has no self-preservation whatsoever.
The man suddenly jerks back, and Dean can see the way his eyes have widened considerably. “You’re the… you’re The Artist?”
“How’d you get out?” Sam asks quietly as he cleans Dean’s hand, the one he had sliced open on the window’s glass earlier. The blood had stopped hours ago, but the gash was large and deep, crusting along the edges and looking like it was well on it’s way to already becoming infected.
Overall, I spent 6,857 minutes writing / editing between 12/11/20 and 02/17/21
[Previous versions: Some ancient shit like don’t step on that fish; FADED SPLOTCHY ETC Refusing to shed blood in Egypt, doors splashed in lamb’s blood, having his memory wiped of that; 1901 female vessel.]
Well,
“The what?”
“Let’s do this.”
“I could sense it.”
[They leave the warmth and security of the fantasy. The cold emptiness bites even deeper now; Castiel shudders. They know it will be okay; Castiel has something to fight for: Jack the Winchesters, love, his own agency. He realizes his own worth—a la 15x17 conversation with Jack. They’re leaving like Dean came in because they’re too deep in Cas’ mind for Cas to reach (hence why Jack couldn’t wake him even outside of the Empty.]
“It has the decoder ring,” he replied softly, holding it out to Dean. “We both had one. He’d use it to leave me notes. I had to figure out what code he used.”
Dean nodded his agreement and turned his head to Cas, who clearly was trying to find the words to say something more.
With a snap of his fingers, Jack created a doorway in the brick wall of the dungeon where Cas and Billie had disappeared.
Was this how Cas had felt, all those years ago when he brought Sam back? He had rescued him, certainly, but not his soul. Dean was starting to wonder, more and more, if maybe he had left something crucial in the Empty as well. Maybe he had been too hard on him, too harsh over the years—no, he definitely had. Castiel’s heart was always in the right place; he always tried to do the right thing. It wasn’t his fault that it always came around to bite him in the ass.
Dean has found Castiel, but what if he doesn't want to wake up?
“Invisible. To cosmic beings at least,” Jack offered.
Dean felt dizzy thinking about it all: how old and other Castiel was, everything he had seen in his incredibly long life. And yet…
“Since
Then there was Castiel’s proclamation, the big
Castiel closed a book in the silence and slid it back into its place on the shelf.
Hadn’t Dean done that? Maybe he hadn’t used nephil mojo, but he’d made more than his share of mistakes and hurt countless friends.
“Dean, this is too big of a risk to take. Just give us a few more—”
Please, Cas.”
He was here. He was here and alive in his own head, holed up with a book. Dean ran across the library up to him, ready to hug him tightly and bring him home, but Castiel didn’t even look up. Dean stopped in his tracks.
Please.”
“Yes—”
Jack nodded and Dean remembered purgatory. He remembered Cas’ hand in his own for a brief moment before he had been sucked away and Castiel left behind. He couldn’t do that again. He couldn’t risk that again.
Dean held back and let them have a moment. Sam was better with that kind of stuff. Besides, he and Jack had always had a rocky relationship to say the least, especially now that Cas was…
Do you think anything else
he wakes up. Did you find something?”
“I’m gonna go on a supply run. Wanna come?” other Dean asked, jingling the impala’s keys.
“How?” Dean asked, mostly to indulge Jack.
“I’ll get him,” Dean offered. Castiel nodded, and grabbed the groceries from the back.
“Dean, we already live together.”
Dean felt a tear form in his eye and quickly blinked it away.
make a deal or even talk to it. If it sees you, you might as well be dead because it will drag you somewhere that even I can’t reach.”
“Tread softly and carry a big stick?” Dean scoffed as he set the timer on his watch. “Yeah, got it. Your turn, Jack.”
“Course,” Dean said, sliding over the paper. “Your message.”
“Cas—”
“Hey, what do you say we call it? Movie night?”
He smiled—a Cas smile—and Dean felt strangely like he was minutes from crying but pushed it down. Jack had faith in Amara, that was good enough for him.
“Like that song?”
While it went largely unspoken, Dean could see concern lingering in both Sam and Jack’s eyes as they stood by Cas’ bed. To be perfectly honest, he too felt a shard of fear lodged deep in his chest. If this didn’t work, what else was there to do? Worse than that, what if Castiel was gone? Dean didn’t know how the Empty worked, but in Hell, you lost parts of yourself until you were a shell of who you had been. What if that had happened to Castiel?
Dean startled at the question. “What? No, of course not. Lucifer killed him. You were just a kid. It was too much and I was angry and grieving.”
together when I woke up. I didn't think you would be comfortable with that. I, uh, didn’t want to force you into anything you didn’t want. I know our feelings are different, I didn’t want things to be uncomfortable.
Sam stole one of the recliners while Miracle, Jack, and Dean all took the couch that Dean had picked up a few weeks ago when Ms. Butters had been around. The movie went by quickly, and Dean definitely
Dean looked at him, thrown off by the softness of his voice. Jack avoided his gaze and fidgeted, oddly childlike for a cosmic being. Of course, he was only just three.
to torture them all? Castiel always had his heart in the right place,
Jack beamed at him, and Dean felt dizzy. He looked back to Castiel, still sleeping, and found a new appreciation. Was all of that true?
“It’s time to wake up, Cas.”
Jack’s eyes were soft and far too knowledgeable for a three-year-old.  “You think that this is your fault.”
Dean laid next to Castiel on the bed, slipped his hand into Cas’, and gave it a squeeze. He nodded to Jack, who pressed two fingers to each of their foreheads, eyes glowing golden. It was the last thing he saw before everything went black.
“I’d say she’s more Jack’s dog than anyone else’s at this point,” Dean said. “She used to sleep with me all the time but she tends to hang out with him more, now that he’s here. Maybe cause he’s more energetic.”
Ring the bells that still can ring.
“No, it’s your alphabet. The letters are simply in a different order. Maybe I’ll use another language next time.”
to,” Sam said defensively. “But I don’t have any better ideas.”
“Brecht? Like the poet?”
“Well, let’s go then,” Dean said, feeling exhilaration for the first time in weeks. “We get in, get Cas, get out.”
“I’ve never been so disgusted by you all.”
Without a second of hesitation, Dean stepped through the doorway and into the Empty.
time around, I think I have a home and a family.”
“Oh?”
“It’s a gift. You keep those.”
“Well, that’s what you have coffee for, right?”
note, I will see you on Monday!
“Does this mean we have to watch
Castiel looked at it for a long moment, fingers rubbing the edge of the bandage on his neck and his gaze indescribable. Dean could sense the longing. Again, he mourned the choice Cas hadn’t gotten to make.
“No, I don’t
The Winchester managed to look Jack in the eyes for a moment, only to see that they were soft. “And I should have stopped you, with the original plan to take out Chuck. I should have been better to you and better for you. Instead, all I’ve done is push you away and make you a tool. I made you out to be a monster, Jack, I—”
The memory faded and changed like static, presumably as Naomi worked, and for a second, Dean caught a glimpse of a warehouse floor covered in hundreds of bodies – no, just one and it was
Jack nodded earnestly. “Because Heaven was failing, the Veil was full and then Rowena said Chuck brought back a lot of ghosts and cracked Hell right open.”
“I do,” Castiel was quick to assure, reaching out to take Dean’s hand within his own. “Of course I do. I just didn’t know you wanted it, too.”
“Buddy? Hey, what’s wrong?”
Dean couldn’t watch as the drill sank back in and half-ran to get to the next memory. No matter what he did, he couldn’t block out the screams. Just before he got out, Dean heard one last thing:
Was he lying to himself as well?
The sunshine shifted into cold white light and all of that guilt and trauma was back post-purgatory. All Dean could hear were screams. Castiel was strapped down to a patient chair, like Dean had seen at a doctor’s or dentist’s, and Naomi loomed over him with a drill.
“Wait. You said
“Dean, we have no way of knowing if that would work.”
A couple edits on Dec 27, Dean’s realization in the impala
too busy, wanna go to the store with me?”
We just want you to be happy.”
“Dean… I wanted to make sure that my…
“Sure, Jack,” Castiel replied with an easy smile. “Thank you.”
, so keep an eye out for that if you're interested!
Miracle left with him, so he got out her food first. He made pancakes for himself. For a moment, he considered making some bacon, but bacon was celebratory, and though he had brought Castiel back, he felt far from celebrating.
“Wha’ if he wakes up?” Dean asked, using his free hand to wipe the sleep from his eyes. “I don’t wan’ him to wake up alone.”
“I’m—I can’t brea—”
brought him back? Cas, I mean,” Sam finally chimed in.
“Cas?”
“Amara, for a while.”
In the pitch of the Empty, he could see Castiel in front of him, offering himself up one last time. By pushing Dean to safety, he had told Dean again that he deserved to be saved, yet Dean had never told him the same. Why hadn’t he done that? He had shown it (or tried to) over the years, like when he had stayed in purgatory and fought tooth and nail for a year to save him, or when he remained adamant that despite Cas’ choice to allow Lucifer to possess him, Castiel’s safety was a higher priority, but Dean had never said it. What if Castiel hadn’t understood?
Castiel leaned back in their bed, looking up at the ceiling as though it had never occurred to him to ask himself that.
“Does it not bother you? Seeing…well, you. Your old life in a vial around my neck.”
“I was
“Dude, you’re human now. Jack won’t freeze but you sure as hell will.”
“Relax, Castiel,” said the man Dean now recognized as Ishim. “We’re not going to kill you.”
“I suppose it doesn’t matter much now,” Castiel replied. “I made a deal…”
“Claire. Sam, I would have to tell her that Cas….”
“You mean everything you said—”
“Then you know that you can’t leave him there, no matter the cost.”
Sam stood by the stove with a bowl, carefully spooning waffle mix while Jack was chowing down on a waffle at the table. Beside him sat Castiel with a cup of coffee, deep in a conversation with—
Sam had never turned on him. Cas had never turned on him.
“Of course you can come home, Jack.” Dean wrapped him in a tight hug and felt his chest constrict as Jack hugged back just as intensely. “We missed you so much, kid.”
What did that mean, to an angel? Was it romantic? Platonic? Remotely the same as human love? Dean didn’t know the answer, and the only one who did was lost somewhere in this quagmire of darkness.
“You’re here,” Cas whispered. “You’re
, Dean thought to himself.
“It's pretty quiet,” Sam said once Dean returned, taking the offered beer. Dean hummed in agreement.
Now that Castiel had been human for a few weeks, Dean started to notice little changes and distinctly
“Sammy?” Dean called out, only to realize that Sam couldn’t hear him either. The pair ducked out the garage door and Dean sighed in frustration. So, he couldn’t be seen or heard by anyone so far. That was just peachy.
“Yeah. She wanted to know if we wanted to catch dinner next week sometime.”
Dean had only just finished unsnapping the seatbelt buckles when Cas stood by him again, just in time to see Jack raise a small, clenched fist to rub at his eyes.
“Does that mean I can’t come back?”
“You know, Jack’s really taking after you,” he tried again. Castiel froze this time, and Dean took it as a sign. Maybe this was how to break through. “I mean, every day he reminds me more and more of you. Sometimes, he just has this look, you know? Like he knows too much. Then he’ll speak and you realize he can see right through you without even trying. Kinda like you did when we met in that barn in Illinois. When you told me how I don’t think I deserve to be saved.”
“So, the monsters…?”
Dean knew he should be happy for him. Jack was his kid, too, despite their rocky history, but in order to be happy, truly happy…
“I don’t know that they’d name a cipher or a code or whatever after a cereal, Jack.”
“Jack?”
The pancakes sat like lead in his stomach after that, but Miracle was right on his heels. Dean caught a glimpse of Sam in the library, bent over a thick book with his phone plastered to his ear in an animate conversation. He didn’t have the energy to find out what was going on, so he circled back to Cas’ room.
Their son turned back, expression light and free. He was happy, wasn’t he? He had fulfilled his destiny, like Kelly knew he would, like Cas—
“How about you, Sam?”
Castiel didn’t respond.
even in this domain of hunger.
Dean nodded again and Jack watched him leave. Castiel did not.
“We got him back again for a little while,” Castiel said softly. “Things were okay. We were a family; he was good for us and I like to think we were good for him.”
Castiel was gone. He was dead, after nearly a dozen years of it not sticking. Dean had thought that maybe grieving would get easier. After all, he had lost everyone: his mother, his father, his brother, Bobby, every friend they had ever had, and so many more. It hurt like hell, every single time, but eventually he could cope. He had lost Castiel before, five deaths and countless almosts before this one. Why did it hurt worse? Every single time, losing Castiel left him emptier and emptier.
“Short answer: Amara.”
“I miss you, Cas. We all miss you. Please can you... Please wake up, man. I don’t know what to do without you.”
Dean let out a low whistle and slid into bed. “Alright then Mr. Polyglot. You ready to sleep?”
. “You decode them all already?”
“Perfect. It should last eight hours our time, but it doesn’t do anything for noise so you’re going to have to—”
“Come on,” Dean said, scooping him up out of his car seat. Castiel could see Jack’s eyes already drooping closed, the grip on his bee plush growing looser.
“Your hair got long,” Castiel commented over coffee and Dean ran a hand through it, surprised by how much there was.
The Winchesters settled in their respective spaces—Dean in the kitchen and Sam in the library. The stash of alcohol in the kitchen was gone. Had he really drunk it all already? Dean sighed and took a beer from the fridge instead while he made dinner. He managed to find some solace in it, as he always did. It was nice to cook and bake, to wear a silly apron and ask people to “try this!” After years of living on the road and killing monsters, Dean was able to flip the script. He was able to use his hands, hands that had become accustomed to being covered in blood and gore and dirt, to do good in another way. He didn’t need to be violent anymore; he could care for his family, or what was left of it.
Dean replaced the weight of a body in his arms with that of a baby and forced himself to keep going.
Jack shook his head. “It draws on the living body.”
“Sorry, kid,” other Dean told Jack, clearly back from a walk. “Might have just made your next code harder.”
Excited, Jack went over to the bookshelves and pulled out a book on codes that Dean didn’t even know they had. Dean, on the other hand, pulled out his phone and did a search.
Something in the darkness moved.
The silence was heavy, and Dean could feel Castiel squirm under the weight of the question.
to be a memory.
“There’s every reason. You’re not a machine, Dean.”
“Didn’t know you spoke… What is that, German?”
“I’m…I’m new to this. I’ve had these powers for only an hour. Please, just…give me time.”
Castiel reacted to each one, but it wasn’t until seeing Naomi that he stopped moving.
He jumped as Eileen walked past him and over to his brother at the same time as Castiel walked in.
There was nothing to say for a few minutes and Dean started to drown in his grief and heartache. It didn’t matter if Jack was God, he still didn’t have the power to fix this. All the power in the world—no, all the power in
—someone, too.”
“Can I try?”
“I don’t know what utensils have to do with it, but could I put my head on your shoulder?”
Dec 13 01:37 to Dec 14 11:56
Dean was about to hurry through the next one when he realized that he didn’t recognize it. He was in the Bunker, that was certain, but where was everyone? He wandered only a little before he found his brother unconscious on a bed in the infirmary.
“Hey, kid. You want to take her for a walk?”
Dean couldn’t argue, not with that look. He bit his lip and nodded spastically, unable to trust his voice. Their son—
As if on cue, Sam and Eileen left, heading off in the direction of Sam’s room. Jack gave Cas a hug before going to his room. Dean—the other Dean—patted Cas’ shoulder for a minute before he, too, went off to bed.
“It’s impolite to ask about a lady’s card,” She sniffs. She takes another long swig of her drink, licking her lips suggestively after. “But yes, I do. Wanna watch?”
Across the room, Bobby snorts in disbelief. Sam makes an incredulous sound, like he’s offended Castiel would even suggest something so ludicrous.
“The Ghost,” Dean repeats, and the man looks at Dean like he’s speaking a foreign language. Dean squints at him. “Dude, you don’t know your own name?”
Sam sighs as though he were long-suffering, and after bandaging Dean’s hand carefully, he begins removing Dean’s shoes and socks to check him for injuries. Castiel finds this curious, especially when Sam runs his hand under the arch of Dean’s foot and pulls it away bloody. When he shows it to Dean, Dean looks surprised at the sight of it.
“You feel no pain?” Castiel asks. It makes sense- the way Dean hadn’t blinked after slicing his hand open at the gas station when he broke the glass, the way Sam had had to ask and check if Dean were injured anywhere else. As though Dean wouldn’t know himself; how could he, if he couldn’t feel it?
“Yeah. Because, you know… you’re like a ghost with the way you kill. In and out, clean and fast and untraceable. Like a ghost.”
Castiel watches Dean pull into the parking lot of a deserted looking motel off of the freeway. It’s nearly night now, and when Dean gets out of the rusty old car he wobbles on his feet like it’s difficult for him to stand due to exhaustion. Castiel briefly considers making himself known so he can heal Dean’s fatigue, but thinks better of it when Dean pounds on the door of one of the motel rooms, and someone else immediately opens the door to let him inside.
“What’s going on?” Dean asks.
He smiles lazily at her, but she doesn’t smile back.
It takes Dean an embarrassingly long time to realize who exactly she is, and he can’t help the gasp he makes when he does, while the body lies still warm on the bed and she lovingly cleans her knives with a tissue from the nightstand.
“War? What war?”
A single tear rolls down Dean’s cheek, and when he speaks, his voice shakes. “Goodbye, Castiel.”
“Of course I know your name,” Zachariah flashes him an unpleasant looking smile. “You are the righteous man, the sword of Michael. Dean Winchester.”
Dean turns his head, finally, to look Castiel in the eye. It is once again difficult for Castiel to understand the emotion in them; it flickers and dims and flashes too quickly for him to get a hold on it, like Dean isn’t sure what he’s feeling and can’t settle on sadness or anger or something else entirely.
“I mean it,” The Ghost shifts, and without anymore preamble begins untying Dean from the chair. “I’m a fan of your work. That one scene you did that you set up to look like angels praying,” He pulls back to look Dean in the eye, expression reverent. “You’re truly befitting of the name The Artist.”
Castiel blinks, and the Heaven warps and shifts around him. He is moved to a new scene, one he has never seen before. Dean stands in a kitchen, an apron tied around his waist, frowning down at what looks like something burnt in a pie dish on top of the stove. Behind him, Heaven Castiel wraps his around Dean’s waist and presses his lips to Dean’s neck.
“No. Yes. Maybe,” Dean’s face flushes pink, and he twists his fingers in Heaven Castiel’s shirt, looking embarrassed. “Shut up.”
Then, Naomi says cooly,
His orders from above had been to retrieve Dean and deposit him back into his grave, a shallow thing dug into earth and watched over by a crude wooden cross. Castiel thinks, perhaps, it may be cruel to make a man who had just spent upwards of forty years in Hell crawl out of his own grave- but orders are orders, and so he places Dean gently into his decaying wooden coffin. He snaps his fingers and the forest around the grave quakes and falls, the earth shaking violently, only coming to a standstill when Dean Winchester’s eyes bat open and he takes in a gasping, shaky breath.
"Bet you haven't either," The hunter says, a bit triumphantly, like he's already won the argument. "But you can. Go ask him yourself, if you've got the balls."
Elijah glances back at Dean, whose already finished his whiskey and has ordered another glass. "Dean didn't try to get him out?"
“I am Castiel,” Castiel explains, shifting his gaze from the barrel of the gun back to Dean’s eyes. Dean stares back, frozen in place, and for a moment, recognition flashes in his eyes, as though he’s heard of Castiel’s name before in one of those old texts about angels and Catholicism and the existence of God. Cassiel, speed of God, angel of Saturday. “I am an angel of the Lord.”
“Stop talking, Dean,” Castiel commands. It sounds weak to his own ears, and Dean just laughs, a terrible sound when the bubbles of blood in his throat gurgle along with it.
Dean doesn’t respond. He just stares at Castiel, his eyes almost blank and hazey, like he’s remembering something that’s transported him somewhere that isn’t the car. He is silent for so long that Sam gets back in the car, grumbling about the price of gas, and ends up catching himself mid-sentence when he immediately catches the tension between them.
“For you maybe,” Castiel smiles, partly to himself. His grace tingles in his fingertips as he touches Dean’s face. “I’d die a thousand times over if it means not having to see you die in my arms again.”
Dean smiles, something vulnerable and sweet, tears rolling down his cheeks.
However, something inside Castiel submits at the resolute, unyielding look in Dean’s eyes. He inhales deeply, spreads his grace through his vessels bones and lets it simmer beneath the skin of his back, flex with the sinew of his muscles. The air hums with a high-pitched tone, and shakes as though the foundation of reality is collapsing. He can feel his wings take form, folded together to fit in the small compression of the room. Behind him, he hears Sam gasp, and the shotgun clatter to the floor.
“Didn’t anyone teach you to hide your cards better?” She asks, motioning with her hand to get the bartender's attention, and Dean’s blood runs cold. He’s never met another assassin outside of scheduled meetings by the higher ups, and the fact she had so obviously pegged him as one as well meant she was highly skilled. Probably in the game much, much longer than he’s been.
“I’m not sure if you’re aware of this, Dean,” Castiel begins, ignoring Dean’s words. He sits gently on the edge of the bed, a non-threatening position he knows after watching Sam do it multiple times. “But your radius bone is almost broken in half.”
Cas hums it back in response, kissing him again. Cas has only said it twice so far. Dean has said it ten times already, and he doesn't think he's going to stop any time soon.
out of Hell?”
"Didn't Dean come back from Hell?" Henry asks.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says. The hum of the engine and the quiet of the night make for a comforting combination, a noise that eases something inside him he can’t quite place. “How can I help you?”
put back together piece by piece- as a vessel for so much destruction. “It starts when you are broken in Hell.”
"I--" Dean starts, but his voice stutters over a sob that builds in his chest, so suddenly it steals his breath, and he lets out a noise like a wounded animal. Cas only looks more alarmed, even when Dean pitches forward and presses his face into Cas' neck. He lets out another sob, feeling out of control and hectic.
He clapped his little brother on the shoulder, forced a smile, and they went for a drive.
[This chapter will be more plot-heavy. Maybe lighten it with something fun?]
“I…I k-killed ‘im, Sam. He tol’… me he l-loved me, ‘nd then he was…”
. If he strained, he could make out the tap of his shoes against the floor, but that was all. There was one thought stuck in his mind, one confession playing over and over as he walked.
“What he means to say it that it started to
Second thing finished, no blocking notes
After a beat of hesitation, Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand one last time before letting him go and standing. Jack made his way over to where Dean had been as Dean made his way to the door.
“Are you kidding?” Castiel looked up. “I love wearing it, I just worry about you.”
“And I get that, I do. But we’re not heroes of Chuck’s story anymore. We don’t know how things are going to change. Remember last time?”
“I meant it. Every single word.”
Dean could practically see the light at the end, even as they walked into the memory of the Sunders.
“Please,” Castiel gasped, blood dripping down his face like tears should have.
“It’s the middle of January, you guys are going to get sick.”
deserved that.” Dean felt his throat thicken. “What you did without a soul... Mom... None of that is your fault. It was an accident.”
Dean shook his head, still worried.
“Jack is God now, right? That means God is on
“I’m going to fix you up, okay? I’ve got you.”
“It is the fault of the humans,” a woman in red answered, nearly sneering.
Dean hovered uncertainly for a moment, wondering whether he was unwelcome, when Castiel continued.
Forget your perfect offering.
He left them all in the library. Dean wandered down the hall to the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the fridge. After a few minutes, he decided to make himself a sandwich, too, but stopped. His eyes lingered on the cereal lined up neatly on the shelf. An unopened box of Krunch Cookie Crunch sat there, safely nestled among the rest. It was Jack’s favorite; Dean knew because he had bought it for him the first time.
Castiel looked to him, a soft smile on his face, pulling at the crow’s feet by his eyes, no longer bright with grace but warm and loving all the same. “I'm happy here.”
[mild spoiler for Disney's
Important to say: the asphodel fields or meadows are not like the Empty in many other ways, I just like mythology and saw a tie between the two in that they should be completely neutral. I highly recommend reading more about the meadows
“Not yet,” Jack admitted. “But Sam and I have faith in you. And so does Cas.”
“Well, now you know why I’ve never had anything more than a little stubble.”
For the first time, Dean came across something—a flickering orange flame. The brightness was distracting, but only for a moment. Dean could hear distorted screams—no, wails—and felt fear touch his core. He didn’t know where he was, but sand hit his skin and a smell like burning metal consumed his senses. He was facing a door, splashed in blood, and then he turned. Behind him towered…a being. Tall, with six wings and hundreds of eyes everywhere, circled by rings of fire and metal. It reached out with a humanoid hand and for a moment Dean thought it reached for him, felt static crackling through the air and making his hair stand on end, until its hands reached up to what Dean could only assume was its head, its many eyes closing all at once as though it was in distress. Another being of the same type appeared out of nowhere and dragged it away. Just as quickly, they both vanished and Dean was thrust back into the pitch, breathing hard.
“What other questions do you have for me?”
under heaven really matters?
Jack added, “Dean, you don’t understand what it’s like in there. I spent months in the Empty waiting, and every angel and demon in there is living out their worst memories. Imagine having a nightmare and it never ends. You never wake up. You’re stuck in your own personal hell forever.”
Dean stared at it for a long second, let the chain drip from his fingers. Enochian was engraved on the top and bottom, but otherwise it looked like a normal vial. This would have to work.
[Make the point that Castiel is/has the potential to be happy as he is in spite of his past experiences. Perhaps bring up time, and how now they finally have it after how time-sensitive everything has had to be]
He wanted to see Cas; he wanted to touch him. Dean's hands yearned to stroke down an arm, to caress his face, to pat his back, anything to assure himself that Castiel was alright, that he was really here, and not just a figment of Dean’s grief-stricken imagination. He’d had enough of that, in nightmares and after purgatory. He longed for the warmth of skin on his own, for assurance.
Dean’s head snapped up from the expressionless face of his best friend to his brother and son. There was too much to say, so they left it unsaid, settling instead for “Bring him home.”
“More time,” Dean echoed. “He thought he wouldn’t be happy for longer.” Jack nodded and Dean fell back into despising himself. “He told me he loved me, Jack. He said that his happiness was in just saying it, even if I didn’t reciprocate.”
Sam came in after a while and found them together like that. Dean had slumped forward onto the bed, but his hand was still entwined with Cas’ as he slept. The younger Winchester’s expression was soft as he woke his brother.
Dean’s heart throbbed again, even without hearing his name. He wasn’t the only one gutted by their loss.
“Thank you.”
“Erinnerungen an die Marie A.,” Castiel confirmed. “Reminiscence or Memory of Marie A.”
With a clear direction of where to go, it took them less than a day to get everything together and decided. Jack would use his powers to let Dean into Cas’ mind, but he would be on his own after that. Sam stood by with approximately three spells ready to go if something went wrong and it was decided that Dean would pray to Jack as soon as he was in so that they knew they could still communicate and when he had Castiel. If Jack couldn’t hear the prayer, he and Sam would pull Dean out after 8 hours.
“Ask,” he signed, bringing down the hook of his finger with an easy smile on his face.
[They fall asleep together, but Castiel leaves before Dean wakes up. He's afraid, not of Dean, but of how he cannot do this anymore. He might be new at being human, but he knows this is weird,
His hands were coated in blood, but he slid the one around to Cas’ front, settling where the tip on an angel blade had pierced through.
Dean froze for a second before shaking his head adamantly. “Maybe some other time.”
Dec 15 10:47 to Jan 13 12:37
“You okay?”
“I never was a very good angel.”
But Jack wasn’t Dean. He never had to worry about his brother, or where his next meal would come from. Jack was young, and happy, and free. He was surrounded by love and gave it back freely. He was selfless and kind and true.
Dean hated it.
“Go—” Castiel panted, pointing to the door. “Get out! Le— leave me alo—”
What I desire doesn’t have a name yet—
“The Empty…only the angels and demons go there. Billie was going to send us there, but we wouldn’t have gone there on our own because we’re human, right Jack?”
“You want to go into his head?” Sam repeated.
Jack’s face darkened for a moment and it startled Dean how much he looked like Chuck. “Yes, but they're the best person for the job.” His gaze softened. “They only ever double crossed us because they thought they could be a better god than Chuck, but that you would never let them get there. And they were right. Nobody was willing to give them the position, so they felt they had to take it.”
Cas’ gaze drifted back to the television and he fell silent and still once again. Dean lost track of the episodes, the time that flew by, until he saw Cas’ head start to bob as he nodded off.
“That’s awesome,” Dean said, nodding.
“More like shopping, but maybe after.”
“Don’t expect me to turn into Sam or anything,” Dean said, flustered. “I’ll probably take clippers to it next week.”
The tossing and turning continued, and Dean swore he could hear Cas’ every breath in the silence.
“It means you can’t drop everything to come back,” Dean said firmly. “If you’re not in charge, then who is?”
“Wha…?”
“Go to bed, Dean. You’ve both had a long day.”
“And you have no idea how to solve it?”
Eileen still lived out of town, but since the fight with Chuck, she and Sam started getting serious again. It was nice, seeing both her and Sam so happy together, even if it made Dean’s heart ache more. She’d spent the night only once or twice, and they hadn’t gotten to talk much between the infrequent visits and Dean’s determination to save Castiel, but he was glad to see her back in their lives.
“This the one he gave you the day he…”
Dean nodded slowly. “I’m sorry.”
, no fronts or masking how he felt. He let himself go with the flow of things, didn’t push too hard because things always worked out in the end. But there was a difference between watching and partaking. Castiel needed to wake up and live.
“Wake me up if anything changes,” he told the room, and then he went to bed. His room was close enough to Cas’ that after a few minutes, he could hear Jack’s soft “Hello” and some of the stories he told Castiel. Part of Dean found it ironic: a child telling a parent bedtime stories and fairytales late in the night, but most of him just found it sad. It shouldn’t have been like this. He fell asleep to the rising and falling lilt of Jack’s voice.
Dean goes to the Empty, but there may be an unexpected complication.
They made it through the rest of the movie and the popcorn with many more tears but ultimately Jack seemed pleased with his movie choice. The screen rolled through the credits and eventually stopped on
What about beating him to a bloody pulp and leaving him broken on the floor? Mark or no Mark, he had done that. Even if it had taken him everything not to give in to the Mark and kill him. The Collette to his Cain, only asking him to stop. What about only a few months ago?
Around them, the bunker flickered a few times before it collapsed and vanished, leaving them standing in the cold emptiness between memories. It bit deeper than before, after so much time in the warmth and security of the fantasy. Dean felt Castiel shudder as he pulled away, but he wasn’t worried about it. Castiel had faced so much, so many hardships that Dean hadn’t even known about before entering his mind, but he was strong. He kept fighting. More than that, Cas had something to fight for: Jack, the Winchesters, love, his own agency... Castiel could make it out of his own mind.
“I called a friend, Sergei – well, he’s not a friend, but he owes me. He should be here shortly.”
“May I hold you?”
It was just his luck the Men of Letters, stuffy old guys that they’d been, had some food dishes perfect for Miracle. He had seen them months ago when he had been looking for an artifact and left them in storage without another thought. He headed over to get them now only to freeze in front of the doorway.
Jan 24 09:00 to Feb 08 02:54
“D—Dean—” Cas’ fingers wound into Dean’s shirt so tightly that his knuckles turned white.
Dean hated the dungeon. It had been cool at first, and helpful as hell over the years, but nowadays he couldn’t even step inside without his breath stopping in his chest. He figured that being trapped by Death themself and having his best friend confess his love and die on the spot might factor into why, but Jack had said that they needed to be somewhere the Empty had touched the Earth or some cosmic shit like that in order to go back. That was why he now stood where he had when Cas had—
The more Dean thought about it, the more names he could list. Bobby. Jody and Donna and the girls. Eileen. Garth. Ellen and Jo and Ash and Pamela and Missouri. Benny. Rowena. Hell, even Crowley.
Shit.
Dean set the paper down, even more confused. This couldn’t possibly be real.
“Cas?”
Heart,
“Maybe,” she replied with a conspiratorial smile once her coat was on. Her gaze shifted up to Sam.
Dean often found himself in the same position as Castiel. He had so many things he wanted to talk about, to figure out, but none of the words.
Castiel hummed in response. In only a few minutes, Dean came back over to the table with a plate of eggs and toast for each of them.
Jack gave him a peculiar look. “You have friends who are ‘monsters’ Dean. Sam told me about Garth and his family. They’re all werewolves; do they deserve to go to purgatory?”
“And you’re okay with that?”
For over a decade now, Dean had worried about their communication. He wasn’t especially good at vocalizing, and Castiel came from Heaven, which might as well be another planet. They spoke the same language, but how different were their meanings? With most things, Dean wasn’t too terribly concerned. They could discuss a case, or a movie, and he could be confident that they understood each other.
“Billie cares about the souls, Dean. They really care about fixing things. That was why they tried to become God in the first place. Billie understands how to make the hard choices, and what we need to do to keep the universe in balance, even without Chuck and with me on Earth. They're even letting us bring people back. People who shouldn’t have died. People who were wronged by the universe.”
“Yeah?”
“You’re not. You have to live. You have to.”
He didn’t make it to the liquor store. His eyes were burning and his vision swimming only minutes after he left, and rapidly he found himself pulling off onto the side of the road. Everything was too much.
The meal went by quickly and there was seldom an awkward pause. In no time, Dean was cleaning and eyeing Jack as he helped Sam with drying the dishes.
“Then I guess I have to thank you and Billie.”
The silence and emptiness were deafening after that, and Dean thought he would be sick. The next memory waited patiently, but Dean doubted his ability to get through it. Castiel’s screams rang in his ears; the image of his eyes wide with pain and filled with blood was permanently seared into his brain. Still, he owed it to Castiel to find him, to get through all this. If Castiel could live it, Dean could make it through the memories.
"Who are
"I love you," Dean whispers, eyelids drooping as he tries to stay awake. He can see Cas' soft smile, and feels him stop rubbing his back to instead wipe a stray tear from Dean's cheekbone.
Castiel doesn’t know how to respond. His heart beats against his chest, and he says, voice strangled, “You’re dead.”
Castiel looks down at Dean’s face, calm and slack in his sleep. But he’s not relaxed; his brow twitches, his mouth curves downwards, and every few minutes his lips move around words that never come out. Castiel has never thought Dean was having peaceful dreams- how could he after what he went through?- but Naomi’s words were confirmation enough that Dean was most likely suffering from nightmares of some sort of hellish psychological warfare used against him in perdition.
Dean finds Cas in the library, where he's hunched over books with Sam, both of them knee deep in some sort of research on Peruvian folklore. He slides two plates of sandwiches onto the table at each of them, coming to pause behind Cas and press a kiss to the crown of his head.
When Castiel pulls Michael’s sword out of the flaming pits of Hell, it is with the shocking realization that Hell has not affected the sword in the slightest.
He presses his lips to Cas' neck, as softly as someone like him can manage, and mumbles it out one more time- "I love you"- before he pulls away, just as Sam and Eileen reach the landing of the stairs.
He almost slips and falls when he sees Castiel. “It’s you,” He breathes out, and Castiel is more used to the respectful look Sam gives him than the prying, curious look Dean seems to have around him. There’s a moment of unsure silence, and then when Sam’s gaze slides to Dean, he looks shocked. “Dean, your black eye is gone.”
"He's not just another hunter-" Elijah begins, but he's cut off by the hunter getting to his feet as well, the table jerking forward with the heft of his body.
Richard and Elijah are still standing there- Richard is staring in horror at the hunter's body, where the chest cavity had been forcibly pried apart, organs and viscera spilling out like some kind of fucked up looking art piece. Elijah is staring curiously at Dean and Cas. At the way Dean continues wiping at the blood on Cas' face, the hand on his shoulder moving lower to his back, pressing him close to Dean's own body.
As the door swings shut behind him, the bar settles into an eerie silence, most eyes either on the door or on their table. Richard looks around, noticing this, and rolls his eyes.
"Go ask him!" He says, and his voice is loud enough now that Elijah is sure everyone can hear it. "Go ask him yourself to show it to you!"
“Cas,” He murmurs, voice heavy, but there’s no pain in his voice. Why would there be? For all Dean can feel, his stomach probably just feels wet. The most he would feel if he died from this was sudden waves of dizziness, and falling into a sleep he’d never wake from.
Around the other cars comes Dean Winchester, zipping up his pants like he was taking a piss behind a tree, wavering on his feet a little like all that whiskey had actually affected him. He takes in the three of them, the hunter and the man glaring at each other, and then glances at the car, like it's its own person.
“What’s your question, Cas?” He asks, voice monotone and leaving no room for discussion.
“They’re calling me… The Ghost?” The man asks dubiously.
Sam shakes his head as well, and Dean shrugs, heading for the door anyway. The person knocks again, more persistent this time, and Dean, for lack of a better idea, calls, "Alright, hang on a second!" as he ascends the stairs to the door.
Across the room, there is a clattering of a glass bottle falling to the floor, and the scrape of chair legs. When Castiel looks up, Sam and Bobby are standing there, looking a mix between terrified and angry. Bobby has a shotgun in one hand, aimed directly at Castiel, and Sam’s eyes dart between Dean and Castiel, like he thinks he might have to dive to protect his brother.
"He was dragged out by an angel. That's different."
“Okay, okay, God, you don’t have to inject me with ketamine or whatever,” Dean tries his best to pull his neck away from the needle as much as he can as he speaks. “I’m a friend, okay? A colleague, you could say.”
Naomi says in a clipped tone.
Elijah thinks to himself.
Castiel’s grace wails inside him. It tears viciously at his vessels insides, clawing to get out, to reach out to Dean and bring him back. His veins thrum with it, his hands shake, and when he opens his eyes he can feel them glowing bright hot white blue.
like Hell was a vacation Dean took from his normal life and not almost forty years of unimaginable suffering.
The door swings open and the person steps out. It's a man, a little shorter than Elijah himself, with bright blue eyes and a mouth set in a hard line, dressed in a beige trench coat and a suit underneath. He stands there, perfectly still, staring at the hunter specifically with a piercing gaze, unblinking.
Heaven Castiel laughs gently. “That’s alright. It’ll taste the same to me.”
“You’re the sword,” Castiel explains. “Your body is the perfect vessel for the archangel Michael. He needs your consent, but he plans to use you as a vessel for himself for an upcoming war.”
Dean Winchester. I can easily throw you back in. I brought you back for a purpose, and your selfish thanklessness is not something that I appreciate while trying to achieve it.”
They’re lying in bed together one night, Dean dozing with his head against her chest, the television casting blue light across the sheets from where it plays quietly in the background, when the newscaster mentions a murder that is not familiar in form to either of them.
The hunter laughs, a deep, throaty sound like he's been smoking for decades. "What's wrong? You afraid, kid? Afraid of another hunter?"
She arches one perfect brow at him, thanking the bartender as he places her drink in front of her. After taking a sip, she finally says, “Would you like me to follow you?”
Cas is quiet for a moment, as though absorbing it. Dean scratches at the skin just behind Cas' ear, where it's warm and soft.
of all people?
Castiel keeps his wings wrapped around them for a long time, breathing deeply through his vessel and channeling his grace to calm the almost violent emotions he was feeling. These were human emotions, and he wasn’t used to them, at least not in such strong, visceral doses.
“Oh,” She laughs, the sound a little too loud considering the almost private setting of the room. “Yeah. I thought you knew.”
He means to say something equally as smooth, but what comes out is, “Are you following me?”
“Dean!” Sam snaps again, annoyed, but neither Dean nor Castiel pay him any attention, locked tight in each other’s gazes- one simmering with anger, one bluntly curious.
“Dean,” Sam repeats. “Stop it.”
Dean is still just standing there, looking shocked, eyes huge. He opens his mouth to speak, and instead a dribble of blood comes out, and he coughs, falling to his knees.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel says. “Let’s go home.”
"Well, make it one hundred and fifty-seven," Dean says. "Because I love you."
“You don’t have to sweet talk me to get in my pants, baby,” Dean whispers against the other man’s lips. Castiel shudders visibly, his free hand coming up to grip Dean’s elbow. He closes the space between them and kisses Dean gently, like they have all the time in the world.
Castiel can’t even begin to think of a response. Zachariah doesn’t seem to expect one; Castiel hears the ruffle of Zachariah’s feathers as he vanishes, but he keeps his eyes on Dean, who’s staring up at him with something similar to wonder.
"We know you have an angel on a leash," The hunter says. "We know you trained one to follow you."
He squeezes Sam’s hand in the only comfort he can offer, and vanishes.
Castiel feels something akin to terror drop into the pit of his stomach. Zachariah is smiling pleasantly, looking unalarming and not the least bit threatening in the vessel of a balding, middle aged man in a suit. Behind his back, he brandishes his blade, hidden from Dean’s view.
"You guys can't possibly believe he has an
As Dean heads back to the kitchen, he hears Sam say, "What, you don't love me?" after him, and he can hear the grin in his voice.
Not a few days later, it all falls apart.
When Dean touches him, his whole body relaxes. It's like he settles immediately, raising gracefully to his feet despite the blood drenching his front and the bloody, torn apart corpse at his feet. Dean puts a hand on Cas' shoulder, then licks the thumb of his other one and reaches out to wipe gently at a drop of blood on the delicate skin just beneath Cas' left eye.
“For me,” Dean finally replies, voice quiet. He pulls her bra off his shoulder, rubbing the still-warm fabric between his fingers. After a few moments, he puts the bra on the bed and slides the card into his own bag before joining her in the shower.
But Castiel sees it; first in the way Dean has to work a little harder than usual to hold up the television remote, and than when he looks closer, through his skin, sees how the little bones in his wrist have shifted, and how his radius bone looks like it’s been cleanly fractured into almost two.
“I burnt it,” Dean says, almost pouting, an expression Castiel never thought he’d see on the man’s face.
“See something you like, handsome?” She asks, and Dean can feel his face flushing.
"I'll show you," The hunter says. He wobbles on his feet, like all the beer from the night has finally caught up with him now that he's upright, and starts moving slowly towards the door. "I'll show you."
Dean swallows. He drops his gaze to where he holds Castiel’s hands, and for a long moment, he says nothing. Somewhere, distantly, a sparrow sings.
Dean keeps frowning, and takes the few steps forward to pick it up. It’s made of thick paper, a creamy color with gold trim and a scripted
Castiel thinks about correcting her from calling it “his mess”, defending himself, but he can’t find in himself to care. He hums an affirmation that he’s heard her, then curls his wings around himself in a protective cocoon, effectively shutting out the whispers of the other angels murmuring about his failure.
Dean picks up and flips one of the cards over in his hand, lips pressed into a thin line as he takes in Castiel's name scrawled on the back. "When did you get this?" He murmurs, and Meg looks at him in a way that says,
Castiel finds him wrist deep in blood, kneeling over his latest card as he works at setting the victim’s hair perfectly into place. Castiel stands there on the balcony, suitcase in hand, dressed in all black and hiding so perfectly in the dark that Dean actually jolts in shock when he finally realizes he’s standing there.
“I got a new card,” She says, slowly.
“You’re an angel,” Sam breathes out, awestruck. “Angels are real.”
"How did you brand him?" Elijah blurts out, before he can stop himself, and immediately shrinks back in fear when Dean and Cas both turn their gazes on him. Cas looks a little distant, like he's not entirely there, and Dean, surprisingly, does not look as bothered as he thought he would be at the question.
Dean glares at his brother, and Castiel, in a moment of worry that surprises himself, reaches out to press two fingers to the man’s head. Dean jerks back like he’s been burned, but Castiel has already seen what he needs to.
“Dean?” Sam asks, gently, eyes flickering between where Dean is frozen and place and Castiel watches him, unblinking. Sam reaches out, hand gentle as he places it on Dean’s shoulder in a show of comfort and concern. Castiel is overcome with the urge to be that gentle, to be able to reach out and offer some sort of familiar comfort to Dean like Sam can.
“Already been to hell,” Dean jokes, but it’s cut short when he coughs up more blood and some of it lands on his own face. “Oh, gross.”
Sam suddenly elbows Dean in the side. Dean shoots him a deathly glare before grumbling, “Yeah, thanks, Cas.”
Henry coughs awkwardly. "Well,
Sam begins, but Dean shoots him such a dark look that even Sam has the gall to look chastised.
"I hope you never get tired of saying it," Cas says suddenly, voice a little cracked. "Because I never get tired of hearing it."
“Yeah, there’s no buts here,” Dean laughs, a beautiful sound, especially in comparison to the last time Castiel heard it, struggling through the blood running out of his mouth. “If you didn’t shove that blade into my chest, then it’s absolutely not your fault.” He pauses, then, looking surprised at his own words. “Oh. I guess I really am dead.”
Almost.
"With the word of the Lord," Richard says, a serious expression on his face, and they both burst into laughter. A few other people titter along, and the older hunter turns red in the face, looking angrier with each passing second.
Castiel opens his eyes to meet Dean’s gaze. Despite clearly being on his last breath, the human’s green eyes are fierce and bright, and they swirl with an emotion that Castiel can’t place. Castiel lets out a noise that sounds like a wounded animal, slipping out before he can control it.
Elijah looks at him sharply, startled. "He died?"
“Brilliant?”
Dean snorts. “You sound like Sam.”
It’s something he has been strangely adamant on since returning- he was resolutely not as interested in hunting down what had pulled him out of Hell as Sam and now Bobby were. He had complained the entirety of the car ride back to his grave, had fought tooth and nail to not go to Bobby’s, and was now sitting on the couch with his arms crossed like a petulant child.
Castiel’s palm throbs, and his fingertips tingle when Dean touches it gently, almost reverently, his eyes suddenly dark. He stands there before the mirror for a long time, matching his fingers up with the scar Castiel left. Outside, there’s the rumble of a car passing by from somewhere far away, and that’s the only thing that seems to finally shake Dean out of his daze and get him moving again.
At the bar, Dean takes a wad of cash out of his pocket, and drops his bill and a hefty tip onto the counter top. He rolls his shoulders, adjusts his jacket, and leaves without even a glance at any of the other patrons.
“Sam is invested in your wellbeing,” Castiel explains, serious. “I am also invested in it, but in a different way,” He reaches out, touches his fingers gently to Dean’s shoulder. It’s not the one with his handprint, but Dean understands the meaning immediately-
makes him jump, the car jerking violently for a moment before he straightens the wheel quickly. “I built this body from nothing. It is important to me.”
“Now you know how I feel,” Dean mumbles, before he leans up and kisses Castiel.
Naomi begins, but Castiel cuts her off, unfurling his wings and curling them protectively around himself and Dean. It effectively wraps them in a bubble of complete silence, the only noise the whistling of Dean’s breath as he turns gently in his sleep onto his side.
“Yeah? Wanted to watch me work?”
He drags Dean Winchester, down, down from Heaven, and it is reminiscent of when he pulled him out of the pits of hell- but this time, Castiel is loyal only to his soulmate, and the future is clear- together, no matter what.
Sam nods slowly. "Were you expecting someone?"
She glances up at him at the sound, and he tries his best not to sound like a fan meeting their favorite singer as he says, “You’re Meg. The Butcher.”
“This okay?”
Dean let out a low whistle. “Sounds like you guys are doing a complete overhaul on the whole system.”
Despite everything he had seen over billions of years, everything he had experienced, he wanted to be with Dean?
imagine that; I’ve been living it for weeks.”
had killed him.
Castiel sighed. “I’m not welcome here anymore, after everything.”
And on
Sam burst back through the doorway, a baby in his arms.
“If you’ve got something else to say, you can just ask, you know.”
Dean did a double take as he walked by Cas’ door. He could hear what sounded like…sobbing. Was Castiel awake at this hour?
“I’m here. I’m here, buddy.”
“With what?”
Castiel is back, but maybe Dean didn't save enough. Maybe he couldn't save the most important part.
“I don’t know when I fell in love. It’s just always been there. Like your anger. Loving you is a part of me, Dean.”
“And did she tell you that?”
He fought to keep the bottle of bourbon, but Sam managed to take it, along with the rest. Without something in his hands, they were restless. Dean ran them over his face and through his hair before they ended up clutching at Sam’s shirt as the weight of his grief pulled him down.
If anyone can make it work, it’s you. I know you’ll do what’s right, and Sam and me are here if you need us.”
“He’s already hit his ‘why?’ phase.”
“How do you know this is real then?”
“Really,” Dean agreed, admittedly a little reluctantly. “Go on down and look through Netflix, we’ll meet you down there.”
They made it inside, and Cas set the groceries in the kitchen while Dean got Jack into his pajamas. By the time he was back, Jack was tucked in with Mr. Bee and Mr. Froggy on each side. Dean pressed a soft kiss to the child’s forehead, and let a hand graze Cas’ back as he walked back into the hall.
you let me know, alright?” Mrs. Johnson laid a hand on Dean’s arm, a worried look in her eyes.
happy but
Turning to face Dean, Castiel’s breathe hitched. Hoping Dean didn’t noticed, Castiel took a deep breathe before looking out the window.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Dean replied, leaning down to hug the old woman. Looking up, he could see Castiel, standing at the end of the entrance way, observing the conversation. Nodding to Castiel, Dean turned and left the house, ready for the drive home.
“Do you know where the Johnson’s are?” the stranger asked.
Dropping his arm, Daniel started to walk towards the castle doors. The news the king wanted to speak to him as soon as he came back was unusual.
“Nah. I’m heading to the stables. Gonna get my gear ready for tomorrow morning. Won’t be long until the ‘Exodus’.”
With the simple command, Daniel raised to his feet, curtsied, and left. The king looked at Castiel for a moment and then stood. He walked a few feet in front of Castiel and directed his attention to the rest.
The drunkard could have been anyone. His beard was unkept and his clothes were rough with holes toward the bottom seems and his pants had stains on them from what looked to be oil. Jimmy was a stark contrast with his white shirt protected by an apron and blue jeans that seemed to hold their newness despite them being more than a few years old.
Glancing up, Castiel meet the prince’s eyes; but before anything else could be spoken between the two, Castiel mounted his horse and called to his company. They needed to make it back in time to write up the reports of the day.
“Your Gr-, um, Prince Dean, what exactly is happening here?” Now able to step away from the wall Castiel entered the light, hopefully someone would see him and come rescue him from this situation.
Dismissing his entourage, the prince went around the walls of the city until he found a grate. The walls of the city were old and had moss growing up them. The prince could never remember a time where the gates were compromised. Removing the grate, he entered a small channel that water ran into when the moats inside the city overflowed. It was luck there had been no rain recently. The only noise heard was the sound of the prince’s breaths and the splash of water against the concrete and riding boots. Nothing could be seen as there was no light except for the entrance which was far enough away now it could be considered an exit. There were twists and turns that he had easily memorized from the constant use of the tunnels. He really had to give thanks to the engineer of them, if they were still alive.
The long ride back from the southern mountains was never his favorite part of expeditions; it was the scenery. Despite how cliché it was, the sun rises and sun sets were always a sight to behold. Waking up early had become a habitat he had to live with, why not find something to enjoy with it?
Covering his nose with his arm, Castiel almost decided to throw himself out the window.
The stranger got out of his struck and lowered the tailgate. He had only brought a few suitcases, they could fit in the cab of Dean’s truck with no problem. Helping him, Dean picked one up and made his way to his truck.
“Just down the road. Well, really about another hour or so down the road. I have a cattle farm I run with my father and brother. More so my father.”
Shifting his focus to his feet, Dean mumbled an apology and both him and Castiel was escorted inside and instructed to take off their boots. The warmth of the fireplace in the main living area and the dim lights lured both men inside. Placing the luggage against the wall, Dean and Castiel stood beside each other in the doorway , not daring to move further into the clean house. Mrs. Johnson moved out of view, mentioning dry clothes and complaining about the time.
There was a moment of silence between the two as they sat there. Deciding to the break the silence, Castiel turned around in his seat to face the bar floor. It couldn’t seem possible but there were more people entering the building.
The order jarred Castiel from his thoughts, blinking absentmindedly. He slung a heavy leg over his saddle and the noise that came from his armor from the impact drew what eyes were not on the pair from the start of their interaction. Standing straight, Castiel looked straight ahead, avoiding the eyes of the prince. If it wasn’t for the mount beside them, he would be blinded by the sun.
At 25 years old, he still sucked at it.
Taken slightly back, Castiel continued. “Of course, not Your Grace. The king does not grant visitation to the city’s outlaying towns by the prince. He never has.”
The prince tried to protest but the alcohol would not let him form his sentences fast enough.
Dean thought.
The entrance to the throne room would be easy to miss if it wasn’t for the size of the dark doors. The doors had the family seal carved into the doors and thin lines of gold outlined the wyvern. The handles of the door were made of obsidian that, to the prince, looked hideous. During the right time of day, the outline of gold would make up for the lack therefor.
“But you are hardly able to stand. You need-“
The king sat in the back of the room on a slightly raised pedestal upon an obsidian throne. Gold trim was fixed to the throne and the reflection given off by the surrounding candles looked as it the chair was moving, shifting under the king. The royal family colors and symbol hung on large tapestries that attached at the top of the walls and hung only a few feet from the ground. A large fireplace sat behind the king which darkened his face and hid almost all emotions. Beside him was a smaller throne that stayed empty. The late queen.
At the table was Sam’s friends from high school that had never quite made it out of the small town life. Luis Smith was a year younger than Sam and hardly talked about anything other than what game he played or girl he was chasing; he had moved here from Georgia, and his curly hair and chubby face gave him a boyish appearance, as if he was hardly 20. Constance Welch was Sam’s age and was the Salutatorian for her grade, just behind Sam. Long hair and a pleasant face gave her most of her fame in town but she was no doubt one of the best barrel racers, if only she would compete. Lastly, there was Jessica Moore, or Jess, as Sam called her. Dean could see the puppy eye’s from Sam every time they were together.
After his father and Sam were finished, they cleared their seat and headed to bed. Dean, restless, tried to find something to watch on the living room television. Unsuccessful and bored, Dean went to the office and sat down at the desk. Sam had left his books open from his reading. Picking a book up, Dean read along one of the headers, “
“After both of you get cleaned up, feel free to fix you some coffee in the kitchen. Just don’t be wondering around to much. And don’t go upstairs.”
Offering the prince a small red cup that seemed to have speaks of gold in its layers, Dean threw his head back with the tea all at once.
Dean did all he could from scoffing at the question. “I guess you could say that. The farm was my grandfather’s then my father’s and most likely going to be mine.”
“By the way, the name’s Dean. Dean Winchester.”
“Your Grace, breakfast came by earlier and had no response. We were able to save a plate and thought it best you eat while getting dressed for the day ahead.”
Finally clean, Dean turned the light off and laid in the bed. The bed was not terribly comfortable, but he was thankful to be off his feet. Thin blankets were used in the presence of early fall but would need to be replaced as winter would creep in soon.
Surveying the food and drinks that had been brought in, Dean asked the nearest servant, “Does one of these cups hold any tea? Particularly one that may assist in a headache?”
All eyes were upon them as they entered the room. Walking up towards the throne, Daniel and Castiel kneeled and waited to be addressed.
“Dismount knight and state your name.”
Dean was slightly swaying at this point and had to lean onto the wall to keep his balance.
Dean could smell Castiel’s cologne which smelled of an assortment of spices that almost made him want to sneeze. But of course, if Dean could smell him, Castiel could smell Dean. If it wasn’t raining, Dean would have rolled down his windows to make up for the smell.
The ending is eh but I had a rough week so far with work and I am trying to upload once a week at least.
Following the king’s instruction, Castiel stood with his shoulders back and chin up. Just because it looked as though he slept with a large hog does not mean he should act as if he did.
The stone roads allowed for the sound of the horses’ hooves to calm Castiel some. Guards in the towers saluted the return of the Knight’s Commander and lowered the bridge over the moat. Once inside the courtyard, squires and a number of stable boys came to fetch the horses to put them away. Dismounting and handing the reins to a boy of no more than 13 years, Castiel looked around his surroundings.
“Don’t suppose you have an umbrella by chance?”
“Don’t worry about it, I’ll add it to your current one.”
Castiel didn’t say anything for a minute, trying to determine if there was any malice in his words or if there was something else behind them. Before Castiel could say anything Dean continued.
“Do you not know of respect? Have you not had it
Despite pulling as close to the house as he could, Dean had parked a few yards from the house. The ground had started to collect water on the surface causing mud puddles to form.
“Dear gods, what have you done? You smell as though you slept with a pig most nights. A dead one at that.”
"Why has His Grace left the premises of the castle?” Castiel barked out, “was it not the king’s order to not let him leave unless it was grave circumstances?”
“Look buddy, I don’t-“
“Did he have his father’s permission?”
The whole altercation with the Knight’s Commander threw everything he had hoped for out the window. Now he had to return back to the castle to do damage control, if his father didn’t burn the place down. With a goodbye and a bright smile, the prince and his knights galloped towards the castle with hopes of seeing the next morning sun.
“Uh, nice to meet you, neighbor.”
The king in a ‘meh’ mood was something that he had never heard. Daniel just shrugged and continued walking.
“Mr. Johnson’s and Mrs. Johnson’s niece was a family friend. After my parents passed, I decided to take on my aunt’ and uncle’s land they left behind out here. The Johnson’s were kind enough to let me stay with them until things get sorted with the property and I get settled enough to move in.”
Stepping away from the stunned knight, the prince smiled and held his arms out to the sides in a grand gesture.
“Welcome back, Sir. It has been too long it seems.”
“I’m going to make you a millionaire one day when I pay you back.” Dean stood up from his seat and put his hat back on, making sure it was square on his head.
Upon seeing the person in the dark was the prince, the guards in the guard towers shouted orders and within minutes they were opening the doors to the castle for him. Spotting the first currier in his sights, the prince called out to him.
“You mentioned earlier that you got some land from your family. It doesn’t happen to be on this side of Polson does it? East of the Milton lake?”
“You’re up late,” Castiel said, a cup of coffee in his hand.
Passing by Dean, Castiel was stopped by a surprisingly strong hand on his arm.
He crinkled his nose and closed the book. Why his brother wanted to belong to the world of finance he didn’t know.
Silence once again filled the small space.
“Of course, Your Highness. We reached the sight of the missing men a week and a half after our first departure. As we expected, there was evidence of a large mud slide at the base they were supposed to set up. Upon further inspection, we could not find any evidence of the missing men, supplies, or evidence of their horses in the surrounding area. There was no evidence of anyone that could have been up there. We looked for roughly a week before I decided it was futile to keep looking. There was no opposition along the way or returning from the outcrop. Villages and small encampments seemed positive to the king’s men presence. End of report.”
“Well, were here.”
. Before Castiel could respond the prince continued.
“I’m going to try something,” Castiel said, removing his hand from Deans back.
happy. In the photo, his father lacked the hard lines around his face and most likely sever liver damage that he had now. The only thing that hadn’t changed from that photo was his mother. She was always full of life and her smile seemed to be a permanent fixture. Looking back now, this image was the only recent image they had of her. Two weeks after, she had passed in a tragic accident from the barn catching fire. Nothing had been the same since then.
“Now don’t be like that Castiel, you know that the king would never get rid of you as long as you can swing a sword. Not a lot of us have that privilege.”
“Need a hand?”
“Dean Winchester, you know better than to not answer a question.”
“ You don’t say. I guess it wouldn’t be very neighborly if I left them high and dry without an introduction soon then.What all do you know about them? This is the most I’ve heard of them. Dad won’t tell me shit.”
It was true. Many of the more experienced knights were aging and running out of time to serve. Castiel was still young and held a place at the king’s side. He wouldn’t be going anywhere for a while.
Beside him sat blue eyes and dark hair.
Striding into the throne room, the prince had a lopsided smile and arms open.
A small handful of servants entered the room. Some set up plates and various drinks on the table and others brought in hot water and clean towels that would be used for his bath. They all wore simple clothes made of simple fabric. Being the prince’s direct servants, they were able to acquire clothes in more elaborate colors and designs compared to those who merely cooked or cleaned the rooms that didn’t host any one of nobility or wealth.
Dean looked around and saw the familiar faces of the everyday crowd that routinely came into Jimmy’s bar. Most of them were older gentle men that either had too much time on their hands or were avoiding something at home. Occasionally, the troublesome drunkard would wander in and make a commotion and then be arrested only to be out the next morning.
“Do you really not know your liege?” said the voice, hushed and slurred.
They both entered their rooms, each one wondering what the hell that was.
“You may rise.”
“Alright then, have a good night. Oh by the way, I hope your luggage is waterproof. It’s supposed to storm tonight.”
Looking at the floor, Castiel grew solemn and deflated some.
“I guess goodnight, again,” Dean said, his hand on the back of his neck.
Angered at his son’s interruption, the king’s calm demeanor broke down and the one who had threatened Castiel returned.
“Where the hell were you this morning, Dean? You were supposed to help me so that I could make it to my meeting with the accounting to look over the books. You know this.” His father had both hands on the kitchen counter, his drink forgotten. The look in his eyes could only be described as disappointment. Frustration rose in Dean’s chest as his beratement continued, his father now talking in a lowered voice, leaning closer to Dean.
The thought of his conversation, if you could call it that, with the prince urged him to get back to the city as quick as possible, if only for the temporary space between them it provided. None of his knights spoke to him nor did he speak to them. The prince’s comment earlier had easily irked them as it irked the commander. Castiel knew the prince was a brat but never did he think he would refer to his missing, and presumed dead, people as business that needed to be finished.
Through the rain, lights could be seen emanating from an old farm house. The Johnson’s were one of oldest families that resided within the boundaries of Polson and it showed. As the pair grew closer, the silhouette of the house became larger until they had arrived.
Putting the picture back, Dean continued up the stairs, down the hallway, until he made it to his bedroom. It was of modest size, windows over his bed and desk which allowed him to see across the fields until it met the sky. A large trunk resided at the end of his bed which held most of his items that originated to when he was a kid or his outfits for when the annual rodeo came to town in he participated in the bull riding competition. His desk was neat with a stack of journals that he used to record his thoughts and findings for when he was out in the field. A few pictures were scattered along the room’s walls, none of his mother.
Dean remained against the wall catching his breath as best he could. His eyes were closed and there were involuntary tears that raced down his face. His neck remained flush and contrasted harshly against the paleness of his face from the exertion and sickness.
“Probably some big city people tryna make a quick buck on the land. They’re gonna push all of us out one day,” Dean said pointedly.
Stepping so that the king was no more than a foot from his face, the king lowered his voice in a threatening manner Castiel had never had directed at him before, "Report. Now."
“Well, let’s not keep them waiting then.”
“I’m sorry man. We don’t get new people that often out here.”
“Only if Dad doesn’t need you,” Sam repeated, assuring his brother’s place next to him tomorrow night, a boyish grin on his face.
“Well, I guess we best get to bed. It’d already late enough as it is.”
“I see,’’ the prince simply responded. “So what brings the Knight Commander all the way out here away from the castle? Away from my father and his cabinet?” The prince had lowered his voice and had stepped closer to Castiel. They were not more than a foot from each other. The prince’s smile had disappeared all together now.
Right as Dean opened his mouth to reply, his father stopped him.
“Now I’m going to try to get cleaned up before I head out. I should be home before 9 this evening and you both better be in this house by then.” Dean didn’t leave the kitchen until he heard his father close his bedroom floor.
Returning with his drink, Jimmy noticed the furrow on Dean’s face. It wasn’t unusual to see Dean drink away his misfortunes and become the occasional wandering drunk, but, it was unusual for him to walk in stone sober.
“Couldn’t sleep,” Dean said with a forced smile. He normally could sleep though most anything but not now. His chest felt heavy but he couldn’t know why. Was it because he hadn’t come home? Was his dad pissed and taking it out on Sammy? Was it the stranger he picked on the side of the road hours ago?
The flashback of the conversation Dean had with Jimmy in the bar came to mind but before he could question anything further, Mrs. Johnson came back, with dry clothes for each of them.
Dean couldn’t remember if  he refused to shake Kent’s hand after he arrived or if it was offered at all. All he knew was that he smelt horrendous and he was tired. There was a lack of dust but there was mud. And it all seemed to cling to him, his horse, and his gear. He just needed a bath.
Dean said looking up from his hunched over position.
He had led a small group of fellow knights and soldiers to find the latest victims of the past mud slides. A few pieces of equipment and splintered shields was all they could find. The lack of bodies, both people and their horses, was oddly normal and never questioned. They were just...gone.
“Nonsense, you aren’t driving in this weather and it’s late enough as it is. Both of you follow me and take these, they were my son’s.”
Following Daniel, Castiel questioned Daniel. “Did he say what for? Normally reports are due the day after a mission’s return.”
Sam turned around to as if to say something but was interrupted by the sound of a door opening and heavy boots approaching. Dean and Sam exchanged a mutual look and Dean left Sam alone in the office. Entering the kitchen area, Dean saw his father browsing the refrigerator. He settled on a soft drink and turned to face his son, the kitchen counter separating them. His father’s eyes raked down his body with a neutral gaze before starting.
Giving in, Dean replied, “Only if Dad doesn’t need me.”
It wasn’t a long walk back to his quarters. He was fortunate to have his room within the walls of the castle. Privilege came with rank. The large stone corridors were empty for the occasional servant entering and exiting a room, trying their best to clean for the occupant of the room. Walking down the candle-lit hallways offered Castiel a moment of solace to not think. All it seemed he has done for the past month was think and piece together situations that could not fit together.
Turning to Castiel, the prince still had his smile, but his eyes were now almost emotionless. “Do you think it wise to make assumptions based on nothingness? Who said my father did not know?”
Unsure of what to say or do next, Dean held his lips in a thin line while glancing ever so often at the man he picked up. Castiel’s beige cowboy hat seemed worn to an extent but his clothes were quite the opposite. The pressed jeans and button up shirt looked as though he just bought them if it wasn’t for the small fraying at the seems in the cuffs. Unlike Dean, Castiel’s hands weren’t calloused or scarred. They haven’t seen a day of work it seemed. Dean kept being drawn back to one feature: his eyes. Dean couldn’t understand how someone’s eyes could be so blue. It reminded him of the lake that was fed by the streams leading down from the mountains he used to swim in. He had some of the best, and worst, summers of his life there.
“Your Grace, I do not think it wise to leave without your father’s discretion. Me and my company would be more than willing to escort you back.”
“Your brother doesn’t want anything to do with it?” Castiel put his empty mug in the sink and crossed his arms, his shirt digging into his upper arms.
Hurrying over to one of the knights that had accompanied him, Castiel started his brigade of questions.
“Well, this is me,” Dean said standing in front of his room’s door.
Dean hummed in agreement, taking another sip from his coffee. They both stayed there in silence for a few minutes before Castiel finally spoke up.
Was all Castiel thought. He knew he wasn’t too familiar with the prince’s tendencies, but was he really this eccentric?
A small crowd had gather at the far reaches of the village. They had surrounded a group of like dressed knights and a prominent figure in the middle of the group. Ordering his men to move up, Castiel urged his horse into a brisk trot to gauge the crowd upon closer inspection. They were all farmers, peasants, nothing strange. But what really struck out was the middle figure, or, what was on his head made him stand out.
Pulling out of the lot, he started his way home by the main road that everyone had to use but no one hardly seemed to. The rough road lacked the professional paving that the roads in bigger cities had and occasionally you see farmers and herders cross the road with their animals.
“Well, look who it is!” Jimmy threw his head back in a laugh and headed to Dean.
The rain came down in sheets as they traveled to the Johnson’s. The ride was silent, a slight awkwardness surrounding the two. Silence was interrupted by the static coming from the radio and the occasional drumming of Dean’s thumbs on the wheel.
“I thank you for helping but this bar has a no tolerance for fighting. You don’t have to go home but you can’t stay here tonight.”
“And what of them? Whose bedchambers have you been visiting now? Do you really think I want to hear of your exploits? I hear enough of them through the court’s gossip.” Turning from his son, the king went to sit back on his throne. The prince’s face was that of confusion, his eyes bounced from the knight to his father before landing on the knight’s form.
The king was dressed in his usual attire of a dark tunic tucked into his pants with leather boots. Despite the large fireplace, he wore a dark overcoat that had gold trim all along the edges of the coat. The fabric seemed to be made of velvet with a dark green shoulder cape attached. His features had aged exponentially in the last decade. Wrinkles lined his eyes and his forehead. Gray hairs started to outnumber the dark hair that once was there. Despite this, the king was still taller than Castiel.
Being jolted from his thought, Dean saw a short, elderly woman standing at the door expectingly.
Both faces looked towards the prince. If the thought of his father burning the place down while the prince was gone was frightening, him burning the place down while his son was there was excruciatingly terrifying.
Dean poured himself a cup of coffee and Castiel watched him do the mundane task with slight curiosity. Castiel had found himself in yet another strange place with another stranger and yet, there was something he couldn’t figure out. The shirt and pants Dean was given obviously didn’t go together as the bottoms were too large,but the shirt was too small, Castiel noted.
“Him and Bobby are supposed to go walking the fence line tomorrow. No need for you to work your tail off.” Sam said, that last part as if it was a fact and he looked at Dean for an answer.
before Dad enrolls you in the beauty pageant next spring, ya know?” Dean retorted, squinting at Sam’s hair.
Only a small amount of light made its way inside and illuminated the room. Dusk was about to end and night begin. Instead of giving into sleep, Dean went downstairs to find something to eat. He had only breakfast and nothing else that he could remember. Dean held onto the railing, steadying himself so that he wouldn’t end up crashing towards the bottom of the stairs.
Going to his closet, Dean pulled out a cotton t-shirt and blue jeans to change into while changing out of his worn outfit. Looking at himself in the mirror, Dean rubbed his hand across his jawline noting how he was overdue to shave his face. That would have to wait until tomorrow.
“You wished. What’ll it be?” Jimmy directed his question to dean but his eyes scanned the bar top, seeing who needed his attention next.
Dean couldn’t think of an answer besides the string of curse words he had picked out. Jimmy returned with Dean’s drink and turned to Castiel, taking the attention off of Dean.
“Want anything?” Sam offered.
The blue eyed stranger mulled over Dean’s name for a few seconds before saying his own.
Shocked, the currier gave a quiet response, “Yes, Your Grace. He had requested a meeting with your father earlier.”
“I was ordered by Lord-”
Responding with a chuckle, Dean responded, “About as well as anyone who lives in Polson. They have been here ever since the beginning, and probably will be here to the end. What about you?”
Castiel gained a few disgusted looks which made him realize he had yet gotten cleaned up. Walking through the crowd, he headed towards his chambers in the castle to get clean and hopefully smell something similar to lavender and not a pig.
Letting out a groan, Daniel put an arm around Castiel’s shoulder and leaned in close. “We really need to work on your humor later. Any way, the king has requested you no matter the state you are in.”
“I have a name you know.”
“I must apologize but I must take my leave. It was wonderful seeing the faces of you all and I plan on doing it again, much sooner than later!” The prince was met with laughing faces and joyful responses.
The bath was filled with water that steamed and on the bathroom counter was a smaller basin with towels and a razor to shave with. Undoing his armor, he let it slide to the ground and stepped out of it, not wasting any time to fully undo the fastens. His clothes were gone even faster. Castiel didn’t care how hot the water was or if he would need more water to be fully washed. He just wanted anything to wash the last month away. Sliding into the bath was almost the most blissful feeling he had felt in a while.
Constance and Luis had their own conversation, well Luis did. He talked adamantly about something Dean couldn’t make out, Constance took occasional sips from her drink, a lazy smile on her face as he talked. Not wanting to interrupt either pair, he drank the rest of his beer and headed towards the bar.
A stranger from the crowd pulled him to his feet and escorted him out. Everyone’s eyes fell on to Castiel who was still on an adrenaline rush and Dean who still had moved to be beside him, still shocked at the outburst. Jimmy walked over to them and placed on a hand Castiel’s shoulder.
Taking a deep breath, Castiel started his report.
At the end of the tunnels was a similar grate from the one he removed. From the space in between the iron bars, he could see that the moat the tunnel had led to was still quite low. Perfect. Waiting until he was sure no one was around, he removed the grate and was able to swing himself up onto the roadway. Standing up nonchalantly, he brushed himself off, hoping to make himself slightly more presentable for when he entered the gates of his father.
His eyes were lined with dark circles and his skin felt slightly clammy and was warm to the touch. His clothing was wrinkled and in all sorts of disarray similar to his hair. The normally neatly styled hair was now flattened and held no shape. The greens of his eyes seemed dull in comparison to their usual brightness. Running his hand through his hair, he let out an exasperated sigh. Turning around to examine his back side, Dean noticed a slight fluttering beside him.
“How much of a fool do you think you are for barging in here unannounced? You of all people should know better.” His words increased in volume as he continued.
Shaking himself from his thoughts, Castiel took Dean’s hand and awkwardly shook it, Dean’s hand large and heavy in his.
Still waiting on the knight’s response, Dean dropped his arms and added, “Prince Dean if you are all for formalities.”
The king had moved away from Castiel’s space to listen to the report. His lips were in a thin line as he seemed to mull over his words. As the king took a breath to start his inquires, the large door opened with a hideous groan and a single figure stood against the light of the foyer. If Castiel didn’t know better, he would have cursed all the gods.
Weaving through the crowd, Dean was mindful of where he passed and who he passed. Last thing he needed was the town gossip to be about how he was ‘unpolite’ to a girl. Anyone would say anything about someone if it meant it stroked a fire. By the time he made it to the bar, there were no seats available. Dean found a spot in between two bar seats and flagged Jimmy down from the end of the bar.
“Why didn’t you tell my father about me in the village during your report?”
“Yeah, they’re just a few more miles down the road. They expectin’ you?”
The band had grew louder as they got into a steady rhythm and conversation quickly started to spilt as the group began talking about various topics. Sam and Jessica were huddled close together, her smiling softly at her hands, the dimness of the bar hiding her blush. Sam was leaning close so that Jess could hear what he was saying without having to yell.
Dean had reached the door and leaned against the wall so that he could pull his boots on his feet and grabbing an old baseball cap, he rolled his eyes.
The man looked up from the map and took his hat off revealing a head of dark hair. Blue eyes looked up to Dean who was outside the truck’s window.
The house was two stories of dark wood with large windows fitted with gray curtains. A wrap around porch was scarcely decorated with rocking chairs and an occasional plotted plant. A barn stood not far from the house along with fenced pastures that expanded farther than the eye could see on a clear day.
The stranger looked at his steering wheel as if he had written down the answer there and bluntly replied, “No thank you.”
“You’re just mad that I would win, unlike you.”
“I’ll have what he’s having.”
Taking a few deep breathes, he made sure to have picture perfect smile before opening the door. What was inside made his breath almost leave his body.
“Aw, I’m not ‘portant?” The prince tightened his hold on Castiel’s tunic and pressed him harder against the cold stone wall. Was that a pout?
The sternness and severity in Dean’s face was a surprise to Castiel and for a split second, he saw the face of the king. Frozen and holding his breath, Castiel stood still for a second. If the prince refused to seek help, what could he do?
The rain had cleared by that morning and the birds were in full song. The smell of rain was still present and large collections of rain was on the ground but it would dry up in no time. Dean stood at the doorway, dressed in his clothes from the previous day that Mrs. Johnson had graciously washed for him.
“I guess it’s settled.” Dean turned to walk away but not before he grabbed the plate of food he dismissed earlier. “Don’t mind if I do.” Dean said, finding a new spark of energy.
The bathroom was much more simpler than his room but still had much more accommodations than others. His bath was composed of the corner of the room with a step around the front of it and was much more larger than others. He could fit three persons comfortably inside the porcelain bath.
“So, where do you live?” Cas asked.
Okay so he wasn’t definitely from around here.
The town’s folk quickly gathered around him in awe of the visit by royalty. The knights he had brought with him eyed both the prince and the people carefully, unsure of what to think of the situation. A son disobeying a father? Hardly anyone would bate an eye. But a prince disobeying a very stubborn and angry king? Hell would freeze over for the next week.
The drive home was uneventful, and Dean found himself pulling into the long driveway of his family  home. Trees that had started to lose their green color lined the driveway. The driveway was not asphalt but a hardened road made from dirt and gravel. At the end of the road was what Dean called home. It wasn’t as large or as rich in town history as the Johnson’s but it still held meaning to Dean. Dark wood made up the exterior of the house with a large porch overlooking the front. Rocking chairs, a dog bed and a few bird feeders hung, empty. From the house, you could see the stables and his father’s shop. Fence line could be seen on either side of the buildings and reached past what the eyes could see; hills dipped and swelled as the land drew on. Cows scattered the area close to the house, all with calves.
“Yes, about an hour ago.”
The morning went by in a blur. Waking before the crack of dawn always made time go by in a surreal fashion. Dean moved in auto pilot as he poured himself a coffee and ate a small breakfast consisting of eggs and almost burnt toast. He was greeted by his father who had already arose at an un-godly hour before Dean. Each man stood in silence not disturbing the still of the morning as the chill was still in the house. Dean could have sworn he had just blinked and then he was in the barn, saddling Ditzy while his father chose Decklan.
“Go ahead, I don’t think it’ll matter much. There’s too many people to get through to them.” Dean was still looking ahead, oblivious to Castiel.
“Out. Now. And don’t come back.”
Castiel looked from Dean’s hand to his face, and then back to his hand and back to his face. Dean looked expectedly at Castiel but all he saw was a confused man.
“I knew Dad was going to put you through hell, but not like that. How long were you both out there.”
Despite the curses flowing from Dean’s mouth, they both had made it to the inner circle that had formed. Except they were on the floor and not upright.  Jimmy was almost as red as a tomato and the man who held him by the collar still had his fist armed. Castiel had landed next to Dean. Dean had the misfortune of landed face first into the ground while Castiel landed on his side. They both were no more than a foot from each other. Castiel and Dean looked to each other and both had a look of pleasant surprise at their success of breaking through. For a moment, Dean forgot about the fight going on a few feet from their prone position.
“And this me.” Cas rocked on his heels in front of an identical door a few feet away, unsure if he should go into his room without saying anything to Dean.
Jimmy sent Dean a smile and poured him another drink, this time only a single. Some people were saying their goodbyes as the night owls stayed to keep drinking. The small bell above entrance door occasionally chimed as people left or entered.
Walking into the house, Dean could smell the lingering scents of breakfast and coffee. As Dean made his way through the house, articles of clothing were being left behind. His boots beside the door, his hat on the kitchen table, belt on the back of the couch in the living room. Before he could finish unbuttoning his shirt, a voice called out to him from the office connected to the Livingroom.
into you yet?” Spit from the king's mouth could be seen flying and Castiel was grateful he was no longer close to the man.
Dean saw Castiel’s mouth move to protest but before he could, Dean pulled Castiel back with a “Let’s go.”
“Why would I sleep with a deceased pig?”
Castiel had seen a lot in his short tenure at life. Guts, blood, impaled bodies all had been stored in his memory but vomiting? He could live without seeing that.
“As much as I would like to, I can’t stay for breakfast. I have to get going. I’m sure my father and brother are worries about me.”
“Father, how inconvenient,” the princes eyes cut towards Castiel, “I was hoping to have word with you. In private.”
The water started to turn cloudy before long and taking a bar of soap Castiel went to work on the grime. Scrubbing the dirt away took more effort than he thought but eventually he was satisfied with the end product. Stepping away from the bath was difficult due to the chill of the room. The only thing left to do was shave his facial hair.
“The capital letters spell something out,” Dean said. “Hang on.”
“I…” The new God looked down, unable to meet anyone’s eyes. “I don’t think so.” Dean couldn’t keep his face from crumpling. “Last time, Cas had something to come back to; he wasn’t ready to die. This time, he made a deal. He offered himself up to keep me safe…” Jack paused fondly before finding Dean’s gaze. “And he did the same for you.”
of my forms,” Castiel corrected. “One has multiple animal heads, some of which you wouldn’t recognize. Another one is a beam of light and energy as tall as—”
“Well, a lot of those ghosts were left stuck on Earth or went to the wrong place. We brought back Billie to help us—”
“Maybe you would like Scooby Doo.” Castiel turned to him, brows furrowed. “Uh, the cartoon we were trapped in a few years ago.”
Castiel looked to Sam for a moment. “My grace is failing. I’m afraid I’m not quite as useful as I once was.”
Freedom isn't enough.
“Better not let Jack or Cas hear you say that,” Sam said with a laugh. “They love some of her stuff.”
Dean did remember last time when they had nearly gotten ganked by Sam’s legs and lactose. Garth had to step in and save their asses on a run-of-the-mill case. But still—
Still, everything was different. Their conversations were silent, unspoken, and Dean felt like he never saw him anymore, despite living under the same roof. Hell, they only lived down the hall from each other, but Cas always found a way to distance himself. He went on a walk. He went for a drive. He took Jack to a store a few hours away or to the movie theater. Thank fuck he hadn't gone on a hunt yet.
Sam and Dean had gotten their freedom, but at one hell of a cost. Still, Sam looked so hopeful…. Dean could be content, or at least pretend to be, for Sam’s sake.
it’s time to
At first, Dean thought his eyes were closed, but a few moments later realized that no matter how much he strained, he couldn’t make anything out. It was like the Empty was somehow inside Cas’ mind, though Dean wasn’t sure how that worked. He was going to drag Castiel out of this darkness if it was the last thing he did. After sending a quick prayer, he started wandering deeper into the pitch.
Castiel turned, and felt his heart melt a little at the sight of Jack asleep in the backseat, lit up by each passing streetlight. The four-year-old’s head rested against his car seat, cheek smushed against the soft fabric, and he clung limply to his bee plushie.
Dean left, and when he came back, the conversation was over. They watched something, but Dean’s thoughts were far too wrapped up in Castiel’s fate.
Jack offered him another bright look and squeezed Cas’ hand for a moment before heading out into the hallway, leaving Dean alone with Castiel and overwhelmed.
“Is it still?”
Half of the table was covered in initials by the time they were done and Dean’s hand was starting to cramp a little from how he held the knife, but it felt right. This was how the table was supposed to be: This was their family.
– but even as it cleared, Castiel was still trapped and suffering.
“Yeah,” Dean replied fondly. “Jack loves it.”
“Cas needing to be human.”
Again? Dean felt sick at the implication of that and reached out to touch him, to convince him that he was really there to rescue him, but Castiel shoved him, hard, and took off running further into the darkness. “Cas, wait!”
“They might have been silhouettes for you, but each was someone to me. Whenever you look at them, they come back to life, they become someone you knew. Like the Shadow itself, the souls that have been there long enough become the same way. Whether you’re awake or asleep, they torment you. You can never be at peace. You can never escape them. Every time you think you’re awake, that you got out, it turns out you were wrong. You were never free; the nightmare just wasn’t as bad for a little while.”
Thank you to Tumblr users
“I didn’t have a choice,” he finally said, voice quiet and small and so far removed from the angelically commanding voice Dean was used to. “Billie was going to kill you. I knew I couldn’t let that happen. Not when I could do something to stop it.”
“Sorting souls. Fixing things Chuck broke.”
Feelings? “Our feelings are different?”
“Then good thing we’re the only ones here.”
Castiel took a breath and looked up to the ceiling.
“Hey, kid. I, uh, need to talk to you.”
Dean didn’t miss when even Cas smiled, but it felt hollow.
Dean knew his feelings, even if he couldn’t vocalize them. Not yet at least. Not here.
Sam and Eileen came in at that moment, laughing and dizzily in love. They came to a stop by one of the center tables and started putting on their jackets. Eileen caught Cas’ gaze over Sam’s shoulder, and Castiel set down his book.
Castiel spent mornings in the kitchen, his face propped up by one hand and leaning precariously towards either side while his coffee brewed. When it was done, he tended to hunch over his cup of coffee, and Dean could tell how much of it he had already had by how much he straightened up. His hair went untamed more often than not, though he still made an effort when he planned on going out. There was new graying at his temples, the occasional strand of silver throughout. More noticeable was the gray in his stubble, which was rapidly leaving “stubble” territory and becoming a beard.
“Alright, c’mere.” Dean patted the space between them. Castiel took the hint and moved closer until Dean could feel the heat of a body pressed up against his own. Cas’ head found a place against Dean’s shoulder and soon enough, he was sound asleep. Dean shifted enough to wrap a warm arm around him, pulled the blanket on the back of the couch over Castiel, and fell asleep.
longer but it got out of hand so i apologize for cutting it short. just know that cas has only kind reassurances to tell his son)
(See the end of the chapter for
“You did the right thing, you know. Even though it went against Heaven.”
until it killed him.
As Dean looked at the amber light ahead, he knew he had reached the end. Cas was there. Deep in a memory, waiting, he was there. Without hesitation, he stepped in.
“I didn’t,” Castiel admitted. “But I’m not against it.”
“Move in with me?”
Dean kept moving, unnerved by the unending lack of
“Sam said, or he guessed as much.”
Cas was… Cas was his best friend. A pillar in his life. Someone who he could count on. Someone who should have outlived him. But he was more than that, wasn’t he? Dean hadn’t gotten the chance to reply, had hardly gotten to process before Castiel was gone. Cas
.” He spoke his name with reverence, like it was the last thing he would ever say and he wanted to savor it, to live in every syllable like they were lifetimes. “You’re the man I love.”
The sluggish, shock-slowed gears of Castiel’s mind must have caught onto the gravity of the situation.
“This is just like last time, with the Great Fall,” Jack said brightly. “You have Sam and Dean, like then, and now me, too. You don’t have to be human alone.”
“Dean, I’ve tried. I have. Even God doesn’t have power in the Empty, you know that.”
“No.” Dean’s mind was reeling. Choosing to be happy shouldn’t be a death sentence. “There has to be something we can do. There’s
Jack visibly brightened, as though he hadn’t thought of that.
Dean rolled over onto his back, agitated, and felt Cas’ warm breath against his neck as he adjusted his own position. He stirred, mumbling a slurred “What’s wrong?” and Dean found the words to finally ask what had been on his mind for weeks.
There is a crack in everything.
Don't forget to tune in on Monday for the final chapter!!!
Heart pounding, Dean did the only thing he could think of: he picked Castiel up and carefully made his way beyond the strewn figures back into the emptiness. The figure didn’t follow, or didn’t seem to, but now Dean could feel the time crunch. He didn’t want to know what would happen if he didn’t get Castiel out before the Shadow woke up.
“And what about this time? Think it’ll turn out okay?”
“Yeah, and it sucked, Sam.”
“I never… I never left him any messages back. What if he didn’t know?”
For several minutes, Dean talked to him, told him about everything and nothing. The death grip on his shirt relaxed as Dean watched his angel come back to him bit by bit. Still, he was tense, muscles locked and tight. Dean knew how Castiel was feeling—that shaky, ill uncertainty—he wouldn’t be going back to sleep for a while.
“It’ll get worse,” he warned. “He’ll start asking questions we can’t answer for him.”
Dean frowned for a minute, trying to envision vampires and werewolves in a place like the Heaven he had seen years ago. “Jack, are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“I saw your face when the abomination was killed,” the woman in blue retorted. “You had doubt. You wavered in your faith and wanted to protect the nephil.”
“I know. And I know he’s always right here,” Jack pressed a hand over his heart, “but I miss him. He’s always stuck somewhere else.”
“Hold still.”
“Better than okay.”
“He survived what Sergei did but… He was sick, and we lost him a few days later.”
Dean could see fear on Jack’s face and tried to soften the rigidity of his body and his voice. Jack was just a kid; Dean could be calm for him. “It’s okay, Jack, we’ll figure it out,” he promised, though his worry increased. What did it mean if the new
“By...Arianna Grande?”
Time was passing quickly, but they still had moments like this, and Castiel intended to make them last.
He smiled warmly for a second and Dean felt it spread to his own face. A peaceful beat passed before Cas’ face fell. “But no…I didn’t plan on telling you. You made your feelings clear: I was like a brother to you, and I feared I would never be anything more. I didn’t want to… I didn’t want to screw up what we had, as you would put it. Friendship was enough.”
“Good.” Dean put the creamer away and got himself a mug of coffee before returning. “I was thinking, do you want to go to the store? Could get you some clothes so you don’t have to live out of your trenchcoat.”
“Dean?”
“How do you know?”
—and he couldn’t wake Castiel.
Within five minutes, his head was bobbing again.
“Don’ wan' t’ hurt you,” Cas slurred, still trying to get away. Dean struggled to keep his hands steady and felt more blood slip through his fingers.
“What, like Greek or something?”
“Are you calling yourself old?”
“’M fine, Sam.” Dean kept his tone stiff as he pulled out a seat, unwilling to become the sobbing mess again in front of his brother. Maybe Sam understood that, as he changed the subject after a beat.
“More than that, you’ve shown me that we all make mistakes. We all have regrets. We say things and we hurt people we care about and we can’t always make it right. But we can try. We have to try. We owe it to ourselves and those we hurt.”
“I’m still…youthful. Vibrant.”
Jack looked over to Dean with confusion. “What
“That won’t work,” Sam said before Jack had a chance.
“We were all completely human.”
[Add Eileen!!! She is important!!! What month is it, and can it be around a Jewish holiday?]
“Okay, so we figure it out,” Dean said in a measured tone. “He’s counting on us; we need to bring him back.”
But he couldn’t. He couldn’t leave Cas’ kid or his brother. Not like that. Not when they needed him.
“Like you are now.”
“Dammit, Cas, no. I…I’m
“Cas, can I get you anything?”
Dean understood now, why when April came out and offered him somewhere to stay for the night, Cas went with her. He was trusting as a human, the first go-around at least. Maybe that was why it had hit him so much harder when Dean had forced him to go.
Thank you to Tumblr user
“This is the right thing. Let it work.”
Words caught in Dean’s throat.
“Hey, guys. You missed dinner.”
“What’d I miss?” he asked Sam, who also looked distraught.
“Jack,” Cas murmured insistently. “Name’s Jack.”
“Do you want to help me?”
About a month and a half since they’d defeated Chuck, Jack had yet to answer a prayer, and they had incredibly little information on the Empty. It would be a miracle if they could safely get in, let alone bring someone back. Dean started to feel desperation creep back in, followed by bouts of hopelessness that neither Sam nor Miracle could snap him out of. Not fully.
Dean pulled out three plates, hands hovering over a fourth.
“Come on, Cas,” he murmured, taking hold of him as he started to tense up and tremble slightly and guiding him through. “We’re almost out.”
“This is about doing what’s right, even though it’s hard.”
“It is,” Castiel sighed, stepping out of the memory and back into the darkness. “I’m ready.”
“Cas!” Dean shook him and his eyes opened slowly. Dean was so relieved that he kneeled and hugged him, not realizing until Cas was in his arms that the angel wasn’t reciprocating. Dean let him go and Castiel allowed himself to fall limply back to the floor. He could see now that Cas’ eyes were dull and vacant.
“I…” Castiel tucked his head back against Dean’s chest. “I trust you with this part of me. There’s no one I would rather have keep it. I don’t quite know how to explain, but I don’t regret it.”
Jan 13, added the grace extraction.
became
Nearly two dozen people he could list off the top of his head. Nearly two dozen people who had helped them get where they were today. The Winchesters were nothing without their friends and family, and family didn’t end in blood.
As he watched Cas go, Dean couldn’t help the sinking feeling in his chest. What if Castiel had said no because he simply didn’t want to hang out with Dean? Especially after the confession, or whatever the hell that had been if Cas truly saw him as a brother like he said, things were awkward. Even as the fear crept in, Dean hoped things would get better with time.
Dean felt sick just thinking about it. He could vividly remember the hurt on Cas’ face and the shock that Dean had said that. It was one of his biggest fears, being a useless screw-up, only around until he was no longer useful. Dean had known that and still said it. What kind of a person did that make him? And more than that, what did that make Cas’ true happiness? How do you love someone like that, someone irredeemable? It couldn’t be love.
It was easier than Dean thought it would be. He was nervous, of course, but this was Cas in his bed, his best friend. He could see the peaks of messy hair on the pillow by his, he could feel the heat radiating off of him and smell the warm musk of his shampoo. Cas was human, feeling human emotions and living a human life. He wanted to be here, like this, and so did Dean. Maybe this could work.
“Oh yeah, like who?”
Mom was gone, Lucifer, too. Cas was…
“You good?”
“Yeah, you’ve heard it!”
“The first time I was there, I thought it was empty. Genuinely, completely empty. I saw no one, nothing, except the Shadow. I thought I was alone. When I went to talk to Ruby, she told me how full it was, and that’s what I saw… that’s what I saw last time.”
Dean fell to his knees, overwhelmed, while Sam ran back into the house.
Cas want to be saved?
We’ve come this far, survived this much. What
“I… I don’t know.”
“Benjamin, please, I—”
After Jack ate and Dean cleaned the dish, they met up again in the library. Jack had in his hand a slip of paper. Dean could see Castiel’s neat penmanship across it, and Jack handed it over for him to read, or rather, to try to read.
Castiel has a nightmare and Dean realizes how much the Empty and his memories are still affecting him.
“But I do like this new change of pace. Not…jumping from one hunt to the next. Which I could still do, of course.”
[Softer moment, let's talk about the Empty. World build a little. Maybe the silhouettes Dean saw come to life. Maybe that's what happens when you're dead there. There's no mythos to follow, so go wild.]
Dean’s gaze caught on the names carved into the table again. Family: People who care about you through the good and the bad. People who have your back, even when it hurts. Who else fit the bill?
[parallel Dean and Jack the way canon should have. They both need to grow. But Dean doesn't know what to tell him. Jack has responsibilities he has to fulfil as God, just like Dean had to care for Sam or no one would have. Neither can walk away from their role, but Dean wants so desperately to lighten it for him]
“Of course I remember.”
“The Empty is made for angels and demons. It wants to keep them especially; it’s not going to let them go. Trying to take one out is probably just going to kill everyone involved.”
Jack’s face lit up. “Really?”
“You…” A cautious smile started on Castiel’s face, wide and bright and free. “You love me?”
Mirabel? Where had he heard that name before?
Jack lined up the J and K on his decoder ring and Dean immediately saw how
“Cas?” he called, knocking. He waited a beat, and when there was no response, he opened the door anyway. Castiel was safely in his bed, curled up on his side.
“Krunch Cookie Crunch.”
I haunt their dreams.
[Address the miscommunication, let them realize that they're both dumb but they're dumb and in love]
Other Dean whistled. “I’m sure he’ll have a blast with that.”
Castiel took the vial and placed it over Dean’s heart, where his hand had been moments before, and shifted his hand to Dean’s shoulder before the two of them went to bed.
“Thank you.”
Dean wasn’t especially hungry during dinner, and even though Jack was bubbly when he and a freshly cleaned Miracle came in to eat, he couldn’t ignore how Castiel was still so stiff around him after that.
Dean ran to stop her even as the drill sank deep into the corner of Castiel’s eye and he screamed. Dean grabbed her arm and felt the vibrations throughout himself, but he couldn’t do anything to stop her. He was a projection inside a memory, dammit, he was useless.
again?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Peachy.”
“I can open a rift.”
“Please.”
Jack was content with that and headed towards his room.
The room flashed for a moment. The walls went static and lost their texture for a mere second, but Dean didn’t miss it. Castiel knew, even if he didn’t want to admit it to himself.
“Hang on, Billie? Like tried to kill us all multiple times Billie?”
“Is there… Can we take it so that he can get it back? You know, like it was before?” Wait, Jack hadn’t been around for that. “Uh, last time he lost his grace, it was kept in a…a vial, and he was able to take it back. Could we do that again? In case we find another way and he can have his grace back.”
, man. You were just…gone… I mean I didn’t even have a body or—or a
“Different? Cas is
“Hey.”
“There’s still another problem, Dean.” Sam said, looking up from the spell again. “He still made a deal. The Empty has a claim on him.”
What the hell was that?
“No, no they’re not. You’re not going to die, Cas.”
The moment the door closed, Dean realized he was in over his head. His eyes could make out nothing ahead of him, and his flashlight barely cut into the gloom. He would have to go by sound.
Castiel tried to turn to face him, but Dean wouldn’t let him. “Cas, I need you to hold still. I’m fine, don’t worry about me.” He pushed harder, trying to staunch the bleeding as it saturated the soil, and winced at the breathless, pained noise it drew.
They both let that hang in the air for a few minutes before Castiel whispered, “You have no idea how many times I dreamed about you coming to get me. Saving me. But it was never real.”
“Can we get Rowena to do it?”
“Dean…”
Dean blinked. He didn’t know Castiel could sign. Not that fluently at least.
“Yes.”
“Why the hell not?”
Dec 11 00:05 to Dec 13 09:57
“You’re—You’re not real—”
, with the confession between them. Sooner or later, he
They stare at each other. Dean isn’t sure if the man’s trying to pull a fast one on him, or if he’s genuinely heard of Dean before.
The noise that Castiel lets out is closer to a sob than anything. Dean’s hand drops from his face and his eyes dull out to lifeless and blank so quickly Castiel can’t do anything but sob again. Sam has gone as deathly still beside them, his hand clenched over Castiel’s, eyes fixed on Dean’s face.
There is a flash of white blue light in one of the horse stalls, and when Dean rounds the corner, there is not a rugaru standing there. It is Zachariah.
“You say the sweetest things, Cas,” Dean bats his eyelashes at the man, ignoring the swell of pride at his words. “What are you doin’ in this part of town?”
There’s silence, and Castiel can hear the whispers of the other angels conversing at his words. It is quite a shocking thing to hear.
Castiel’s grace sings at the touch. He can feel it spreading through his limbs, from the top of his head to the bottom of his feet, extending out to reach for Dean as well, wrapping the both of them up. In the sky, the sun brightens to an almost blinding degree. In the field, more flowers bloom as if out of nowhere, rapidly sprouting up around them and glowing with color.
Dean strides into the bar like he owns the place- and he might as well, if they're being honest, because it is notoriously a hunter bar, half the patrons were there for post-hunt drinks, and Dean was definitely the best of them-, and Elijah can practically hear the conversations hush, and the eyes that turn on him.
“Get the fuck away from me,” He says, slowly, like he wants to be sure Castiel understands every word. It’s such a sudden statement to hear that for a moment, even Castiel looks at him in surprise.
Castiel is watching Dean stalk through an abandoned barn, peering around corners, his gun held poised and ready. He and Sam are hunting a rugaru in a nearly abandoned farmtown, nothing but corn fields and cows for miles. He and Sam split up outside the barn, Sam taking the main house and Dean taking the barn, and now Castiel watches Dean move about like a predator hunting its prey.
"I love you," Dean gasps. "I love you."
Dean shakes his head, getting to his feet to carefully pick his way around the bloodstains on the carpet until he can stand before her. She watches him do so with sharp eyes but doesn’t move to stop him when he reaches up to almost lovingly to tuck her hair behind her ears. There’s the smallest drop of blood on her cheekbone, and he wipes it away with his thumb, knowing he has a reverent look on his face.
