now. But their eyes never met, and she left, followed by silent soldiers into Asgards Halls.
“You, the United Nations, ask of me the Tesseract, an artifact more ancient than your planet, set in this planet to remain hidden from greedy warmongers, and you used it to build weapons of mass destruction… to kill each other”
Steve doubled over, holding a hand over his mouth to contain the bile trying to crawl up his throat. Jumping up to his feet Steve knew there was somewhere, someone, who needed his help.
” Frandal hissed venomously as he rode past the bewildered God of Thunder, equal looks of envy and dazzle on his companions, who followed the carriage close.
It would never stop being strange, how these things could be felt when just a few months ago his soul had been such an abstract thing. Now, as he extended a phantom hand to that pulsing, bright bridge between them that had become a comfort, a fascination for Steve, always so welcoming. A shelter.
She came on his cock again, and this time Tony followed her over, biting her creamy shoulder as he growled and shook, releasing deep inside, as deep as he could reach and then laying with her, finally content after such a horrible day.
The Throne room was aburst with golden and white flowers of all kinds, filling the rooms with their heavenly fragrance. Asgardian Court and common folk alike lined the long hall to the throne where Odin stood. Noble, indomitable, a proud God before his venerating subjects.
Hey there, sorry it took me so long to update, I was really busy and well, as you read, I was deliberating on posting this chapter as is, the first bouts of their physical relationship are coming through and I wanted to give an insight to Steve's thoughts on it all, and give other characters (Sif) some closure.
“Ah! there is the problem” Thor cried excitedly, waving a finger in the air as he approached the surly Captain and maneuvered him to stiff pose “it’s not pronounced enough! think of it as a
When Thor entered the designated bedding rooms, he stalled as he encountered Steven gazing blankly at the large, luscious bed. Like the damned eye the guillotine. Thor forced a smile for the man and held his hands up placatingly to his husband. “Wait here, I have a surprise for you.”
you to be
Steve gripped the sword in his hand and kicked the door to the Queen’s waiting room where the sound of high-pitched gasps and beastly grunts of pain came from.
“So every decade since.”
they both sat on the edge of the soiled table, eyes darting from each other and the empty room awkwardly.
When the men and women where seated, Odin taped his staff on the floor, wordlessly declaring the proceedings to commence. When no one spoke, Odin raised his eyebrow inquisitively and one of his Councilors cleared his throat pointedly, his shrewd eyes set on the Director with barely masked impatience.
No one approached him, and he seethed his broad sword in his scabbard on his back, many humans jumping at the sound of the finely sharpened blade sliding in its cover.
They both fell to a stifling silence. Tony wondered what that would look like, a self-serving Steve, if he would ever get the chance to see it. And for a moment he almost could, in the rigid hold of the Captain’s shoulders, the resistance, the defiance that made him the man he was at heart. But then they fell, and he weaved a heavy sigh.
“What?”
Steven swallowed harshly, his hands warm and perfect over the God’s flesh; his eyes casting wavering glances to the side but his desire burning fierce and after a long moment of nerve wrecking vacillation, the man gave in to his passion.
“What, ya’ gonna have a limp too?” Steven taunted, breaking to a sprint across the room with an irate God at his heels.
He chuckled and pressed a lingering kiss to his wife’s lips.
“Fuck”
Barton grinned and batted his eyelashes coquettishly, raising his tumbler of amber liquor to meet Thor’s bottle of beer. “Nice to finally be appreciated, how are you doing buddy? Got a wedding date too? We could probably do one of those double wedding things”
“What say you, captain.” Thor offered in open hunger “care for another challenge?”
“Oh.” Steve murmured, shoulders relaxing as the strange feeling he had woken to finally had a reasonable explanation. As he had followed the Queen through the golden halls of the Palace, he had been assaulted with the quiet feeling of recognition. The same you get when you visit your childhood home after a whole life away. It’s different but it’s yours.
Odin smiled vacantly down to the Accuser. “Ashes you say… Now there’s a thought. “
“My love” He returned.
“Because it always comes back to Steve”
-----
Clint nodded and sprung his bow open.
“And we are!” The Vanir squawked “but I will be damned if I let this senile Elf win-“
“I saw the fight”
“You may speak, Colonel Fury”
“105 Mississippi, yes.”
“I love you” He sobbed, gripping the soft lace between his fingers and ripping away. Pulling the small pieces of torn cloth away to reveal her, naked and gorgeous and so perfect, to his tearing eyes.
“Tony, please”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shhh, Thor!” The man rushed to silence the God, batting his worried hands away “You’ll wake up the whole palace… just…” Steven sighed heavily and turned to the balcony and the gardens bellow “just follow me….”
“And how long was that?” Steven asked wearily with a furrowed brow
Thor quickly realized his only mistake in having invited Steven to spend the afternoon with his friends, as now he had to listen to Frandals enraptured musings of the Captains luscious charms in the form of prose and song, and he hadn’t even seen the man in his new attire. Thor would have to hose down the blond rat to keep him from jumping his Betrothed.
Not a particularly easy feat, to say the least.
Even so, the Black Widow entered the ring in a smooth, deadly stroll. “It’s my turn anyways”
The guy he’d just kissed like a schoolboy does his sweetheart at the back of the playground, before running away and hiding in the bathrooms…
“Father?”
“I asked him to look away for an hour.” Steven explained with a shrug, tone light and cheery.
“And Steven just managed to kill an 8 foot tall monster just before breakfast.”
“I would really like it if you stopped jiggling that around.” The animal winced as it wrung it’s paws anxiously “It can atomize a small moon.”
Chapter 15: Goodbye
Loki grinned wickedly at the Goddess: “So, will you tell them, or should I?”
Steve nodded resolutely, lips in a tight, fine line, he clasped his hands together “Let us pray.”
Thor bristled at the shameless flirting, there in his very presence! But Steven smiled his bright, earnest smile, awash with the holy light of Asgards suns and Thor forgot all about the traitor in the gardens.
“It will take more than a
“Sir?” Jarvis called, his voice crisp and proper “It is nearly 5pm, Happy is waiting outside with a car for you”
Thor had half the mind to pick it up and just curl back into his bed and be done with it. When he heard it, the soft sounds of light feet landing onto his balcony. Thor saw a large shadow stand before his closed windows, the curtains obscuring the true shape of the intruder as he stood there, breathing audible even at the distance; as if shaken, and then, a soft knock on his windowpanes.
“Mind signing that for me?”
“I guess we should speak of this sooner rather than later.” Thor whispered back, clenching the still limp hand of the Soldier in his own, rubbing circles into the uncharacteristically cold limb. “Aye, I do yearn for a child.”
After the Battle of New York, Midgardian politics were in ruins. Year’s of agency secrecy had come to light as conspiracy theories were proven true with the certainty that indeed, human kind is not alone in the universe. Far from it. Humans were under-evolved. Thor released a weary sigh es he muted the large holographic screen that Stark liked to call TV, where more and more of the human representatives sprouted speech after speech inciting fear and accountability to imagined foes and impossible invasion scenarios, with the unflattering turn of pitting the blame on Asgard.
The people he met here stared at him with open wonder, touched his golden hair, and skimmed their ebony fingers over his golden skin unabashedly. But none would try and lift the Hammer.
“Now, Captain America.” Thor leaned back on the plush couch as he eyed his lovely husband gawk openly with a lustful grin “Asgard demands its due”
Thor snarled at his intended. “Cheeky”
The Widow nudged the Captain with a giggle while the Archer gave the last rocking of his hips before crawling on the table toward the embarrassed Captain with a sultry grin.
“Have you never used a sword before?” She asked, taking his hand to correct the hold while sending Thor a uneasy glance.
“Steven, I have been searching for you all day.” Thor began, stopping by the foot of their bed and meeting the Captain’s confused gaze with a shamed one of his own as he put all his efforts into groveling “I am deeply,
Thor’s curiosity won as he grabbed the offending paper and read what he knew to be an impressive litany of curses. The blond God blinked and frowned “What does that one even
Thor and the other Asgardians at the table nodded to the bemused human holding a stray coin in his nimble fingers.
Thor felt a flash of heat run down his spine straight to the tip of his cock, the first twitches of interest since his coupling with Jane almost a year ago. His blood ran hot as he grinned and crouched to a ready.
“Promise?” Steven gripped on to the God, blue eyes big and supplicant “You’ll wake me? You’ll wake me up if I start to slip away?”
That night Thor burst into their Wedded rooms, smiling in relieve as he found his husband reading peacefully in their bed. Steven’s eyes rose, his brow furrowed at the disheveled state of the God as he marched forward with a pained expression.
Quill scrambled forward. “Wait, we can help you stop Ronan! We know his plans, his forces, if you kill us you won’t ever see him coming.”
He set the cross on the windowsill with trembling, careful hands and got down to his knees; it was humbling to do this, feeling like the child he had been, following his mother’s lead as they attended mass every Sunday, unfailingly.
“Huh, could have used that advise one month ago, Cap?”
Thor was about to throw a playful quip to the shuffling Captain when the door behind him was pushed open in a hard shove. Thor yelped and jumped away as the door near threatened to topple him over. The God turned with a haughty glare to the foolish soul who dared only to find his fretting Mother slipping out of the room and shutting the door behind her in a quick kick.
Inside he found three Friggas holding an ornately sharp blade in a trembling hand, while the other pressed to her bleeding side tightly, blood spilling to the floor alarmingly fast. To the side a huge, horned
-----
The Head Mistress sputtered forth “Your highness! what is the meaning of this?!”
He had pulled his boxers on blindly and scurried down to his workshop with his price gripped tight in his sweaty hands. He had sat in his cot with his ‘Steve Box’ on his Lap and the Tiny Iron Baby cap pressed to his chest.
With that last quip, Steve dropped the sword and ran across the room to meet the monster half way, ducking under the furious swings of cold steel. Steve took his bare fists to the Thing’s body, rocking him with the impact and prompting him to drop the sword and claw at Steve instead; trying to catch the smaller man and failing to reach him, the soldier swerving and ducking in and out of reach. Playing with the Beast, buying time as he kept one ear out to the dying sounds of fighting in the halls.
Steve felt a thrill of wonder as he stood before the great Jormungandr, smiling wide to the large creature, now technically his nephew as Thor bounced to his side and curled a possessive arm around his waist, grinning with pride as he said. “This is Steven Rogers of Midgard; he is my husband and your uncle.”
“I see.”
His balls began to slap on her perky cheeks as he moved faster, sharper, pulling her back onto his cock in sharp, demanding pulls. Pepper moaned with each cleaving, her voice getting higher and higher as she struggled to stay upright and take the onslaught on her ass.
The next morning Steven woke early, his moodiness more pronounced as he went on to dress and quickly pack his bag for his trip, ignoring Thor’s puppy dog, yearning looks and finally parting from their wedded chambers with a blank faced Loki in tow.
The nephew, Steve's turmoil and decision, heartfelt confessions and the shadow of a secret comes to peak.
Tony scoffed loudly “For what? A dance off?”
Chapter 19: Tiny feet
He leaned close to the rumpled Captain, arms thrown over each other’s shoulders as they carried the others weight in camaraderie, sniping back and forth as to who was responsible for beginning the fight.
Much like the frustration that Thor felt at the moment.
Sif grunted as she jumped back and away from the Captain’s reach, her eyes hard but strangely buoyant on the Blond mortal “You are a shrewd fighter Captain Steven, almost reminds me of Loki”
Thor stopped his chewing, eyeing Mjolnir hanging from his husband’s grip and weighting his chances to take it and swing at Frandal’s crotch before Steven could stop him. Just as Thor was reaching forth the tent’s curtain was waved open and the redhead giant crouched in with a steamy bowl of grum for the ailing patient and a wide, handsome smile. “Good morning, friends!”
Thanks to everyone who commented on the last chapter, I hope this one does not dissapoint. Expect a very slow burn story.
The next morning, a unconventional trial and some truth begins to surge.
“You still have to limp, though” Thor reminded the Soldier after a long minute of calm silence. Steven scoffed and swatted the God’s thigh.
He snarled and pulled the reluctant man in for another kiss, desperately coaxing, pleading for the man to open to him. Tony’s face began to burn and eyes sting when Steve pushed away.
“No wonder you could not heal from your wound. What do you think you will gain from poisoning yourself?”
That evening Thor sat next to his mother on the grand tables of Asgards Dining halls, after the announcement of Thor and Steven’s engagement to the people, loud and deafening cheers bursting from the common folk and nobles alike.
“These are our bathing rooms; I took the liberty of ordering for a larger bathing tub… If you ever feel like having company” The God grinned wickedly as they both stared at the tub, sat in the center of the room and more resembling a small pool than any bathing tub had the right to. He would deeply enjoy the space, once the Captain was amenable.
Thor unloaded his chest, laying his troubles at his brother’s feet, his confidant for thousands of years and as he finally drew to a silence, he rose his blue gaze to meet emerald, not remembering when he had lowered them during his retelling, only to find a blank face.
Steve was not disappointed.
“Heimdall?!” Thor shot back in surprise, and a pinch of fear; at the sudden appearance of the Guardian on the other side of the field. Steven rose to his feet gingerly, wiping away the dirt from where they rolled about like children with a welcoming smile, all signs of his earlier turmoil gone in a blink.
“… I’m not sure I want you to.” Steve said, honest pinched expression as he passed a tired hand through his hair. The blond locks were longer now than he had ever allowed them to grow and certainly more than his twin image, squirming and hissing under the God of Thunder. The illusion trembled before his eyes, fading away and allowing the slimmer body of the God of Lies to slip around until he managed to punch his husband in the belly.
A confrontation and a peace offering.
They too halted their step before Odin, bowing to the silent God and stepping to the side at the king’s dip of his silver head.
Fury chuckled to himself as he settled on his knees next to the Captain, hands clasped together in prayer as they both silently agreed to leave bygones be bygones and draw comfort in the one thing they both believed in above all the horrors they had witnessed.
“Really Thor, it has been barely a day!” Frigga cried as Odin massaged his temples, sitting despairingly in his Throne.
“Laura”
Odin’s eye gleamed with unmitigated power, a smile promising destruction and death freezing the warrior in her place.
“That’s different, Stark.” Stern barked “That was a weapon, this is a human being, a free American citizen we’re talking about.”
“He means to say he followed him around the palace like a salivating hound”
-----
-----
The idiot God could be that dense, as he blinked his big blue eyes at Loki as if just rousing from sleep.
“The Worthy one will come to us tomorrow” He had declared, the words forming awkwardly in his lips “There will be no further conflict with Earth henceforth”
“Tony”
“Seems like you are fitting in just fine” She mused, eyeing the Captain dressed in Asgardian fashion, dark wine colors and black cloak contrasting with his fair coloring just so to make him look as severe as he was handsome. Thor liked this very much.
Frigga called upon the Master of Art, a bony, squirrely looking man of tired eyes and perpetually bored expression. He looked vaguely familiar to Thor actually…
“Stark” Fury greeted, face blank but his lone eye shinning keenly “Took your sweet time in there, anything you’d like to share?”
Quill beamed at the handsome Soldier and continued to shake his hand far longer than strictly necessary, or polite “The honor was ours, Captain.”
He was alone…
Steven had started his lessons, and in doing so; he must use the apprentice uniform.
Odin settled next to Thor, catching the interest of the humans to the pair of rings and tilting his head curiously at his son “Huh? what is this?”
“He means to say” Banner came forth “That they aren’t actually fighting, just, maybe, not talking much right now”
And then there were instances like this.
Steven nodded at this and continued to eye his sword like one would a wild animal “I’m more worried I’ll trip on it, to be honest.”
The God felt a tear run down his temple and grinned proudly up to his Husband. “I take it you like it”
The All Father held his breath and tapped his staff for a fourth, unpreceded time. “Prepare for siege…”
“Odin speaks for everyone”
?” The woman kept her silence, her eyes low under the demand of the wrathful Thor. “Aye, I thought so.”
Tony’s throat worked for a long moment to hold back the waterworks; finally cranking out “I love you Pepper Potts”
Steve sprinted down the beachside, where lighting bolts peppered the troubled seas in a terrifying onslaught. There, half submerged in the waves, unmovable like stone under the constant rolling and battering of the sea, was Thor.
Thor pulled back and gave the awestruck Captain a vicious grin.
And his Ma… what would his mama think of him now?
Laura bit her lip, an embarrassed blush gracing her olive skin “I think I felt a contraction” she fibbed, fanning her face with a flannel.
Thor grinned sincerely to the stern King and took Steven’s hand to enter the rooms “Of course, Father.”
“I am Groot” Groot interjected, grabbing the Captain’s shoulder gently as the man turned eager for a distraction of the current topic, smiling keenly at the tree as he replied “I am Steve Rogers”
“Aye, there is no point of holding a trial if the judge cannot bring justice… as I have failed to do”
But a month later they met again, Stark was celebrating his betrothal to his beloved and the Avengers were to join them in New York. Thor was thrilled with the prospect of reuniting with his Shield Brothers and Sister. Perhaps even get some sparring out of the encounter as he had not been put through his paces since his hasty departure from Asgard. Yes, it would be good for his soul to feel the bone deep exhaustion and satisfaction of battle. Mayhaps he could entice Banner to unleash the Hulk for a round or two.
“Thor?” And the Captain echoed. Blinking up at the God gripping him to his chest like an especially large teddy bear. The Soldier pushed at the arms that held him and sighed when instead of releasing they gripped tighter.
“Certainly!”
Thor’s grin grew impossibly wider and positively giddy “I know.”
“We are done here”
They met again with a series of rattling punches and kicks, Thor quickly realizing the strength behind the Captains fists and with a sigh of elation, he allowed himself to pour his whole body into the fight. He managed to corral the Soldier in a corner with jolting punches to the man’s side, ripping grunts and winces from the Captain before he managed to slip out of his reach.
------
Holding the Hammer high, he swung it down on the Captain, trying to intimidate the mortal to retreat. For who was he to stand and fight amongst the God’s?
Thor felt a guard gently pull at the covers that trapped him and he groaned in dismay. The willy bastard had actually done it. Frandal had charmed Steven…
Bringing to Frigga’s mind that faithful night when they were just small boys, both Loki and he; naughty children who thought bedtime was beneath them. Frigga had told them jokingly that the Guardian of the Door laid under their bed, waiting for them to step out in the middle of the night to pull them under and throw them over the edge of the planet, never to be seen again.
“Steven-“ Thor called after the man as he exited their wedded rooms with a pointed click of the door. The God gave a hearty, utterly smitten sigh as he pulled Steven’s pillow tight against his bare chest, smiling to the closed door as he whispered “…I love you.”
Steve himself had never tried it, having eyes only for Peggy, and after the ice, it was like that part of him had been shut off, still asleep as he had been for over 70 years. He just couldn’t seem to want anyone… or anything.
“You think he can hear us?” Steve asked, voice small and wondering “all the way out here?”
“Or cause them” The Captain quipped, his smile spoke of jibes but his eyes belied it, he was moved by Thor’s vows, even if he could not promise a thing to him now, he was not indifferent to Thor’s efforts, as the slow circling of the Soldiers thumb on his pulse conferred. Thor grinned wickedly.
, being suave. That awarded (punished) him with a sharp squeeze and the God grinned.
Odin released another series of delighted chuckles as the elderly night janitor of the Council chambers once again huffed and puffed as he pulled at Mjolnir’s handle, like many a night before.
The Captain mimicked his smile, cheeks flushed as their souls met in that intimate embrace before such a large crowd, but braving on while Loki and Frigga came forth and tied the golden strings of fate around their clasped forearms, their powerful magic skimming their very souls and stitching their essence in an elaborate spell.
The Widow nudged the triumphant Archer meaningfully, pointing the Captain’s unflinching sitting and extended her dainty hands silently.
The Captain smiled at the Old God and placed the marble onto the stand that was pointed by the man, careful as one does a babe and finally turned to gather his things, letting the Master begin to work on the selected block.
Gamora swallowed thickly, eyes welling as Nebula spouted her hurt like venom “When he would tear me apart and put me back together; again and again and again and
“That does not mean he would disrespect me or I, him”
And all it took was a trashing from Captain America.
“A Bilgesnipe?“ Thor guessed.
“What for?” The God asked sullenly.
The men pulled back and followed his retreat to the UN halls, even as the Cat men stayed behind and protected the soldiers back, showing a strength and skill Steve could only compare with his own. A thought for other time.
“Thank you, your highness” The Captain smiled pleasantly for the King, blush receding slightly at the distraction of a normal interaction, opposed to their previous leg pulling and shameless teasing. Thor would miss that dearly.
“I should…” Gamora trailed off, feeling and knowing her reassurances meant nothing now, as she gazed upon the many ‘upgrades’ the defiled her sister’s body, all the pain she had endured… “I failed you, I was a child and I was scared. I’m sorry.”
“The man showed his worth, thoroughly.”
“Oh, shit, Odin.” Quill gasped in alarm, then correcting in horror, in his mind still fresh how this God had vanquished the same man they had nearly died trying to
Steve nodded and positively beamed.
Chapter 11: The will of the Norn’s.
“For Coulson”
They rode in silence for a long moment, the confession weighting heavy on both as they neared the designated camping site. Steven sent the somber God a soft look.
Next to him, Steven (His Husband, Thor thought with an internal roar of glee) stared wide eyed at the proceedings, after the fight with Ronan and his ultimate execution by Odin’s hand, his calm and composed demeanor had gradually been stripped, bit by bit with every happy wishing and well-meant ribbing, the Captain’s eyes began to acquire an increasingly frantic gleam, not unlike that of a caged animal. This worried Thor, but mostly, sadden him immensely. The Captain was a fine man, honorable and kind, his silent despair was a great tragedy to behold. Steven deserved to marry to love, and Thor was not deluded enough to think he possessed the Captain’s heart. After Stark’s arrival, even; his doubts as of the Captain’s heart were doubled. And still, here the man stood, married and by his side.
“Repeatedly”
Thor sighed, the fear that had gripped his heart dispelling at his husband’s soft utterings and finally, he could truly rejoice in his love, in the all consuming joy of possessing this man and knowing that what he had given was not scorned, but cherished. For Thor had given his heart away last night, and reckless as his actions had been, Steven was never to be doubted; for here he was, holding Thor’s whole existence in his hands and covering him with caring, tender kisses.
Odin still joked of it every now and then.
Tony shifted in his seat and occupied himself with pouring a whole pot of potatoes and chunks of bread into a huge pot of tepid Fondue for the Hulk to grab and chugged. The green giant munched happily: “Fondue good. Captain smart”
Frigga laughed at the silly request, earning another heart wrenching smile from her handsome son “Aye, that is more like it”
Thor sighed “I never asked you how you felt of this union, I could not. I am to much of a coward to hear your answer. But Captain, coward as I am. For you, I will fight. While my soul draws breath, you will not be alone. For as long as my heart beats in my chest, you will want for nothing.”
He let himself be led to his seat, regardless; not missing the yearning glance from Thor as he was ushered himself to the stand right to his Father. Steve pursed his lips and sat with the sole resolution to stay very quiet. For Coulson.
“Oh, Gee…” Then the Captain blushed harsher still and Thor boomed in delighted laughter.
…” Thor squirmed in his seat under the recriminating gaze of the royal table “well, let’s just say my ass can tell a whole ‘nother story, Captain”
“Yeah Thor, she’s been a bad hammer” Tony agreed, hands lifted in a placating gesture, sensing the rising tension in the God’s mannerisms and not liking it one bit “So why don’t you give it a time out and put it in a corner somewhere so we can talk it out, huh?”
Heimdall nodded his understanding, lifting his hand to unsheathe his sword in the middle of loud gasps and yells of guards at the ready to fire. He took his sword in both hands and tapped the blade on the marbled floor once.
Tony had gone back to his lonely Tower feeling considerably worse than how he had left it, which considering he had just seen his mother being murdered, was to say something.
Thor nodded fervently “Whenever you are lonely again, overwhelmed, or even simply bored. Call for me.”
Almost as dark as the one the Captain was sporting right now. Minus the death glare.
When they arrived to Genève, Nat navigated over the UN plaza where the fighting had already began. Steve stood over the open hangar, hands clenched into frustrated fists as he saw the blurs of armies killing each other, and with one side on the obvious win.
Fury nodded and closed the door separating the rooms with a very final slam. Steve nodded himself into calmness for a second before turning to the open balcony and loudly whispering: “Did you get that?”
The third one, right across that bulging belly, like a seasoned pig.
Thor descended to unprincely giggling as Loki shot to his feet with a gasp of indignation. “I did not fuck a horse!”
. I can’t enjoy this if you cry.”
“What they said” Natasha agreed.
Potts pulled the Captain into another hug, more to sooth sensibilities than to convey gratitude. Stark worked his jaw for another moment before sighing loudly. “Yeah, sure, thanks Cap” He tugged the little hat from his betrotheds’ hand with a curious look to his chocolate eyes. “I guess it’s cute”
-----
“I am Heimdall, the All Seeing Guardian of the realms.” The man spoke, approaching Tony with a steady step “I do not wish for your blood, Man of Iron”
Irritation began to climb and Loki was woefully reminded of the years of learning side by side. Where Loki did most of the learning and Thor mostly blinked through it all.
Steven appeared to have bathed and promptly settled in for a light slumber, skin still glistering with scattered drops on his perfect chest. His hair still wet and a couple of shades darker, falling in unruly locks over the man’s smooth forehead. Some of the longest strands coming to tease the long fluttery lashes marking those sky blue eyes before the man brushed them back and to the side in a careless sweep.
“But of course, Steven. I am here for whatever you need.” Thor scrambled to take his long robe and wrap it around his body, deciding that is as decent as he could get for the moment, he waited for the Captain to settle on the other side, watching how the shadow nodded once to himself before he finally said. “Yeah… you can come out now.”
“Changing to more wholesome subjects, I’m sorry I couldn’t make it to the ceremony” The engineer smiled sharply at the husbands “Looked like a lovely event, the wedding suits though” Tony tutted playfully “I have to say Captain, that uniform did
To the other side, Tony walked up to the pensive Captain, clearing his throat loudly to get the Soldiers attention and smiling irreverently at the blond man.
“I do” Tony said, his voice so low he could almost hear the truth in it. He wanted to love her more, he knew he could.
“Yeah pal, the
That afternoon, after playing with the children out in the barn and helping Clint chop some firewood, taking petty enjoyment at out showing the archer by making a bigger pile while ripping the wood with his bare hands. Much to the children’s delight.
“You are leaving so soon” Thor said somberly.
Thor released a fit of unmanly giggles at the thought and continued to enjoy his good mood for as long as it lasted.
He had spent the whole Fondue lunch wishing he could
“No hammer, no vow.”
Thor covered his belly and groin in warm seed, the first taint of another man on his pure, virginal flesh. And Thor did cry out then, the thought of being the first, the
Steve turned to the tired God, breaths beginning to even out “Thor?”
Heimdall sought his eyes and kept them, enjoying how the man fought to contain his trembling.
“It’s ok” Steve smiled at them “You were only curious”
“Iduun apples are a magical fruit and the source of our immortality.” Loki stated simply, enjoying the slight tensing on the Mortal man’s posture trying to hide the horror that now shined clear in his skylike eyes. “Once you have sampled the apple, you are tied to Asgard herself and your soul begins to draw from Yggdrasil, the tree of life.”
“For Asgard, I will.”
The seer took a shocked breath before taking the offered palm that pulled him carefully to his shaking feet.
“Means he survives to be Asgards idiot for another day” Heimdall finally spoke, reassuring the still shaken Mortal as he released The God’s golden mane and guided him out move civilly by a firm grip on the back of his neck, like an unruly pup “Good day, Captain”
Thor jolted as he felt a small creature crawl up his side and finally noticed the talking animal sitting on his shoulder “Hiya, God of Thunder. Sorry about the whole kidnapping your hubby thing. No hard feelings?”
Thor’s head whipped at the saucy remark, his wide blue eyes settling on an amused Widow. The rest of his Shield brothers standing next to the redhead in different degrees of discomfort as the crowd began to gather and thicken around the Avengers.
“And all we did was spar and
“Do enlighten me, then”
Thor’s sullen face sunk further in misery “You are my Brother, whether you believe it or not, I love you dearly”
“But the Captain is not ready.” Thor shot back, a mighty glare taking hold of his features as he clenched his fists on his knees.
What Hogun and Sif carried back…
Steve passed desperate hands through his damp hair. Watching helplessly as chaos erupted around him.
“I offer my son and heir in marriage, a place in my court and access to all the knowledge that Asgard possesses”
And he was gone.
The Bifrost lights died swiftly and in their place stood the Avengers.
“Perhaps you should try a bit of salad, my dear” Frigga suggested, patting Thor’s hand in a subtle motion to let his knife down and release the boar leg he had been devouring. “What will your lovely Jane think when her prince returns with the baring of an ale tankard?”
“Rocket!”
, with nothing encumbering him but his thin armor…
But Pepper was unreachable. Miles away even if they stood in the same room. Tony began to panic and before he could get a word out, to defend himself, to explain. God, anything. Pepper smiled tightly, all kind professionalism as she said. “Mr. Stark”
Thor was about to place his hand around the man’s neck when Volstagg cheered. Thor turned immediately back to the ring and found Lady Sif twirling Steven’s sword in her hand while she held her sword to his intended’s throat with the other.
Odin ripped himself of his musings and turned to face his family with an uncertain look in his eye.
Thor had never encountered a more stubbornly honest man in his life.
Jane sighed and laid her fine chin over their clasped hands, falling and rising with Thor’s every breath. Her face serious now as the fog of climax left her sharp mind.
“It will take place in 2 weeks’ time” The All Father sentenced, rising from his throne to approach his son and future son in law. “The preparations are underway as we speak, you will be expected to do your part in these as was agreed, other than that… I can only congratulate you”
“You deserve better” Tony admitted, eyes stinging with shame and guilt. “I should give you better”
(There is a bit of smut in this chapter, I will mark again in bold letters the start and the end of it in case you want to skip it.)
“You wish to be half the man as I?” Thor goaded “Try doing some squats!”
-----
After the dramatic events of Loki’s stunted trial, Steven and Thor sat silently with their unexpected charge in their waiting rooms, only the sound of the dark God’s furious tapping of his foot and the vicious grinding of his teeth filling the space between the bewildered men.
Thor pouted to the mirror as he fixed his already perfectly smooth hair. “But I promised the Captain”
“Is Thor coming too?!”
“Ow! What the
“How do you feel?”
From that night on, Thor was a constant shadow to Steven’s comings and goings, as he could not yet trust the Captain to truly object to anything that the court could ask of him. Even with the Captain’s word to call on him if he were to feel overcome in any situation, knowing the Captain it would be most likely he call on Thor when literally set on fire, and only to tell him not to worry.
Thor stood silent, pale faced and eyes blown wide, in the dark halls of Asgards dungeons. “He made a pie with Idunn apples”
“Then I shall gift you with sights of far greater splendor until you have it in your heart to call Asgard home”
“Wow, hey” Clint cut in, his face serious as he looked at his children with a reprimanding gaze “That is enough, we don’t meddle into people’s private life over breakfast”
Steven scoffed and pulled his hand back, his long fingers dropping to untie Mjolnir from his belt and handing the Mighty Hammer back to Thor, handle first for him to take.
Steve’s face felt as if it had caught ablaze, only now realizing how naïve of them to think they could be quiet enough not to wake the other bedmate when they were doing…
“Captain, Ready to go?”
As Thor and Steven walked arm in arm through the Royal halls, the Captain made a valiant effort with the limp and it seemed to be convincing enough as their honor guards, standing silently outside their bedding rooms, all but choked on their own spit at the sight of them and followed the Captain’s troubled step with a violent flush…
To say the least.
------
“But the key to overcoming those struggles is to always remember: At the other side of the argument, it is a friend who stands” The All Father patted his son hand tenderly, almost reverent as he shared his wisdom “Above all roles and opinions; if you remember this, there will never be a burden to weight you down.”
“… And Thor already said he’d be wearing the dress” The Doctor said nonchalantly, stirring his tea with a barely concealed smile.
Of course, then Frandal spoke
“Ha! What do I look like to you? A wedding planner?” Fury chortled and shook his head “You can have a royal barbeque in central park for all I care.”
The Soldier blinked his tear stained lashes fluttering in confusion “What is it?”
“Thank you” The Captain whispered.
“Thank you, Mistress Eir.” Thor thanked the Goddess before turning his attention to the weakly struggling Soldier, face flushed and eyes wide and frantic.
Chapter 10: Property of Tony Stark.
They pulled back and mock saluted him in uncoordinated hand waving. Colonel Phillips would be rolling in his grave. Steve smiled and saluted again.
, anything just to feel a smidge of control over the situation. Then all that silliness of Chaperones! They were grown men, good friends, they were not going to suddenly paw at each other like animals, but everyone seemed to think they would go at it like bunnies if they as much turned their eyes to a side.
“All good here” Steven called after him, giving the ropes tying their bags a few testing pulls before ambling to joining the chuckling God in the depths of the Royal Stables. The Captain rose a questioning brow as he found the God halting before a large stall where two small farm animals munched on dry grass unassumingly.
“With… little-help” Loki struggled to speak. Steve stepped forward and gently lifted the hammer from his chest, finally allowing the god to take a deep breath “Thank you” Loki gasped as he sat up slowly, his mother’s hands guiding his movements with careful pulls and tugs.
And bestowed the trembling God with the most caring, soulful kiss he had ever been gifted. A promise more so than the Captain’s beautiful vows. And Thor did sob then, hiding it with a chuckle before blinking away the tears that had gathered mutinously in his blue eyes.
it and focus!”
Thor was beginning to count down the days to the next decade.
This is Loki’s son. Fruit of his magic and imagination.
“Your King swore that no harm was to come to us from his people, you just blinded a man in the same room he said this”
Stark rubbed the back of his neck with a wince. “Not like that, no. I did invite him over, it’s just… complicated”
Not one word.
Steve rose a challenging brow at this “It’s my marriage, shouldn’t I be the one to make the arrangements?”
“Aye, so one day, after one flirtatious comment to much Loki cast a hex on his manhood. The result…” Thor winced at the memory, turning to give the pale Captain a pained look “Let us say the Twins aren’t quite that similar anymore.”
Armor laid forgotten in the sand, underclothes pressed like a second skin to his chest as the God shook and doubled with harsh sobs, rubbing at his hands in violent scratches under the saltwater.
inappropriately” The Captain defended, grinning with no pretense to innocence “Fair is fair”
And so, they took him to Steven’s rooms; where they found him gleefully testing the many pencils on a large blank canvas with the daunting likeliness of a stern Director Fury, who posed reclined and fierce on one of Steven’s chairs.
It tickled, Thor realized, and meeting the Captain’s gleaming eyes, he too found it hard to contain the giggles as the Sedir worked together.
The All Father took but one look at his son’s expression and broke like a twig “Go ahead, my boy.”
Steve caught it with a hand and saluted with the other. He could have sworn the man went a little starry eyed but Steve turned to fast to really notice and began to shoot. One bullet, one eye. The Asgardians fell like flies.
“Aye, I will keep this secret between us.” Loki drawled on with derision “Though how long do you think it will be before it reaches Odin’s ears that his virile son and heir cannot bugger his own spouse?”
Odin turned his eye to his son, expressionless.
The Hulk nodded seriously “Captain good, is best Avenger”
The Accuser felt a rush of desire and a grin parted his bemused face before he shoved a hand forward and took the Captain by the throat. The mortal hissed as the blue hand clenched around his neck, the Kree began “I’ll never-“ and was promptly punched in the face.
“Yours perhaps, I have no illusions of what you will do when Thanos comes.” Nebula hanged her blue head in dejection “Putting yourself second to me, you did not when we were children, you won’t now.”
Master Bragi sneered at the man and harrumphed snottily: “I am here to examine this man for his lessons in the fine arts, if you would finally leave us, this would be over quite swiftly”
Thor sighed and rose from his glum sprawl on the settee reluctantly “What is this?”
“Would you believe me if I said it was all Frandals fault?”
“Not that one, you know him” Thor mumbled, positioning Steven in front of Volstagg and ignoring the Captains bemused gaze and Frandal’s gasping protests. “This is Volstagg, the redheaded giant with the strength of 50 men!”
Steven nodded and smiled primly “Well it certainly was something; that friend of yours, Frandal…”
“You should do it now” Thor declared, his mind already forming it and he could see it so very clearly.
“I am here to escort the Worthy One to Asgard” He paused and purposely stared into the yes of all the mortal men and women, letting them know he knew their souls, their poisonous greed. He was repulsed by every single one of them “Are you refusing to release him?”
“Accidently” Steven echoed with a slight twitch to his pink lips. Thor grinned wickedly up to his husband, recalling the night he and Loki had entered to Idunn’s gardens and stolen some apples for themselves, running to hide in the stables with their treats. They had gorged themselves in the holy fruit until they fell into a deep sleep; both rising much later to
“You did this.” Thor stated plainly.
Steven nodded and blinked rapidly in wonderment. The man extended his essence through the bond like a bouldering smack, no finesse as it practically collided with Thor in its search for the connection. “Yeah, I think I do… it’s-”
Because I took a lot of breaks from my report writing and I was scared this part was going to flee my head if I didn't write it down, here is another chapter. My impulse control is null. It is a heavier chapter but it needed to be done. Interesting fact, Chris Evans can actually sing! He used to sing his little brother to sleep, how cute is that?!
That sobered him up “Well that was uncalled for” Thor whispered sulkily.
Did Steve want to go further, too?
“Perhaps you could sing us a song, Steven?” Thor probed innocently, eyeing the other man heatedly “I’ve heard rumors of your voice have flown way past the nine realms.”
Thor smiled at his Father and sat next to the All Father, his mind recalling all the times that he had bounded to his Father’s side, racing his brother to win the prime spot on the God’s lap.
“Hello Sweetie, fancy seeing you here so soon” She sighed, giving a small peck of a kiss to the Archer’s lips, then turning to Natasha with a wide, excited smile  “Nat, so good to have you back!”
The Captain cleared his throat loudly, eyes darting around the room and away from the slowly divesting Hawkeye “I… wouldn’t know.”
Later that day Thor burst into Stevens rooms only to find the man sitting on the balcony floor, back pressed against the rails and eyes closed, sleeping peacefully under the scant shade of the curtains.
Tony whispered, like a secret into the curve of her neck, resting his forehead to it while he caught his breath.
Well that shut Thor up quite nicely. He blushed and coughed. “Aye, aye. Oh look, there is father!” Thor pointed to the side, guiding the Seer like one would a blind man “There, that direction”
------
“Is this what you wish my son?” She asked, so very lost as Thor had never seen her be, and for a moment, he could almost believe her question was another “Would this make you happy?”
“Aye and Ringerike.”
He came with a snarl and a roar, his hips twitching and pressing on hers as he rode out the orgasm. He then pulled out of her gently, enjoying the view of her red, swollen hole gushing his cum.
“Didn’t your parents teach you to share?!”
This seemed to be the trick to lift the fog of early morrow moodiness from the Captain as the handsome man smiled gratefully at the guilt-ridden Goddess.
What a sight this mas is.
Thor grit his teeth, resisting the urge to beat the man to a bloody pulp, he as well as all the Asgardian soldiers who witnessed such a blatant insult to his father. Odin did not waver: “ That is what you have”
“No, I’m not staying” Steven slurred, attempting to straighten in his bed and finding himself as weak and uncoordinated as a newborn babe. Thor patted the man back down with patient hands.
Steve rubbed at his aching cheek, eyeing the startling blush on the God’s face with a bit of rueful chagrin. He really hoped he hadn’t been doing anything improper with it. Sporting a matching flush to his cheeks, and not only from the imprint of Loki’s hand, Steve exhaled and closed his eyes again, reaching for that string of light. It pulsed under his fingers like a living thing, and it was so humbling to think that this was a God’s life, tangled firmly to his own.
Sif released bells of giggles, so uncharacteristic even she was startled, though Steven only smiled winningly and pulled away from the warrior, offering his hand to the woman. “Again?”
The Widow smiled a secretive smile and took the drink out of Stark’s hand. “Last I heard he was in Washington; I’m supposed to join him in a few weeks”
“My wife loves you” Clint admitted with an unrepentant grin.
Stark nodded with a rigid smile. “Well, I’m glad you could make it”
Thor followed the Captains gaze and finally understood why the harsh awkwardness had come forth between the two Avengers.
“Oh, forgive me my lord, did mine lonely fist harm your godly
“You wouldn’t dare betray your word”
Thor shook his head as he crawled over the shaking Captain “No time…”
The Soldier smiled softly and turned back to his work, Heimdall appearing without a word in the room and settling in pose like a statue. Thor dragged his feet as he followed the silent Director to his own rooms and sat sullenly in the plush seats of his waiting area. The Colonel eyed him coolly as he closed the door joining the rooms with a very quiet click.
“You are a fine, honorable man, Stark. Wars will wage on till the end of time, but love…” Thor’s smile trembled and struggled to stay on his face. He cleared his throat loudly, ignoring the uncomfortable and sad looks Stark and his Lady Potts threw his way. “Aye, love comes but once”
Thor grinned noncommittedly.
The booming laughter and cheer died a swift death as the Warriors eyes met uncertainly, then turning their questioning gazes to Thor, who sat still as a startled rabbit, letting the words wash over him and drown him, but Sif was not done.
Steve sighed as a heavy warm hand rubbed comforting circles on his back. Grounding and calming, Steve relaxed into the soft swirls made by that hand and washed his mouth out when a glass of water was offered for him to take.
big ones.”
“Thor” His mother called, Thor snapped out of his gloomy thoughts to find most of the royal table staring at him in confusion “Where did you go, my child?”
Satisfied, the Director continued: “Now, when we get there, I want you to let me do the talking.”
Steven nodded shortly “He can be persistent.”
“Smitten” Thor confessed, gripping at his husbands’ hands and bringing them up to lather in kisses.
Thor shifted in his seat, somehow discomfited after the surge of emotions from Steven’s works; he had the strange feeling he should correct his posture in front of the Mortal, maybe curtsy.
things in Asgard?”
Steve strode after Clint after Bruce joined in on the merriment, walking with a straight back and stiff upper lip, willing away the heat of his skin as he kept his arms to his sides. Really, he had nothing to be ashamed of.
He closed the door behind himself with a quiet snicker, smiling at the now empty bed, rumpled sheets where the Soldier used to lay, warm and grumpy and so very his.
“Because you still believe in the good of people, like the good idiot that you are” Loki smirked, turning a page and continuing on his entertainment “I hope the Captain has a better sense than you, or Asgard is doomed”
“No Thor! It’s not!” Jane burst, eyes shinning with tears, for once letting all her emotions show and the heartache Thor saw in her sweet eyes made his blood run cold “If you do this, we will never be able to be together again! I can’t stay and know that I am not the one for you!”
“Politics should never encumber true love” Thor stated solemnly. He was a God himself, who were these mortal men to prohibit him from giving his blessing to a union of loving souls? Yes, he had blessed many and under the Nordic religion and Law, he was within his holy rights. And somehow these brave women had embraced him as one of their own, gifting him a crown of flowers on his golden head; they paraded him amongst them and shouted his name as a war cry against the injustice of their world. Thor had felt his most proud when he joined their shouts for freedom and felt no shame to be the paragon of their fight. He was now proudly: Thor, God of Thunder and Godfather of Lesbians.
On and on, Thor had to relive the excruciating process of diplomatic tongue slashing he had been submitted to for weeks on end, and kept stealing glimpses of Odin’s face, growing more and more wary of the expressionless mask he wore as one by one, Earth’s representatives shamed and denounced Asgard and thus Odin, All Father, for war crimes and terrorism. For longer Thor thought Odin himself would strike down Earth for their impertinence and a single drop of sweat began to taint his brow. Still Odin stood silent.
Thor remembered then why this man was one of his most ancient friends and could only smile sheeply as he nodded his thanks “I am truly hopeless, aren’t I?”
Thor fell to an awed silence, recalling both occasions Loki had wobbled into his rooms, pale and destitute but glowing with pride. Small wiggling bundles curled in loving arms. The act of giving life. Creating a whole being out of his thoughts alone… “I have not seen power of that kind ever again, even from my father.”
Thor sighed in relief, brow furrowed as he glued his eyes to his husband “I don’t remember it ever being this way.”
… A Handsome, muscular man”
The Director met his gaze with a severe eye  “And word out there about the Captain is that he defeated a Seer God and felled a wild beast with his bare hands, that he is handsome, a fearsome warrior and a skilled artist, whose voice can inspire armies and incite lust in the same breath…” Thor sighed as the Director recounted that which he himself had boasted so proudly, now basically a sells propaganda to spring envy from the most powerful, proud beings of the universe. Thor’s worry grew under the Directors stern gaze “That milkshake is filling the yard, and before we know it, we will have a war in our hands.”
“Nor do I ask it of you” Thor amended “Only for you to allow me and try to make this burden lighter on your shoulders” Thor smiled, feeling shy all of a sudden under the searching eyes of his husband to be “We are together in this, you see… and will be together for the rest of our lives” He worked around a sudden knot of emotion in his throat and confessed “I wish you to know that you will never be alone with your troubles again, for you now have me to share them”
“Bite him, Thor!” Bruce roared, far more involved than he had intended to be, his voice echoing the thick undertone of the Hulk, for once in sync with his calmer, milder persona.
Odin’s eye blazed with silent fury.
Did this mean Thor felt more than friendship for Steve?
Ronan slamdown, Steve's long lost lovechild and a private ceremony.
“Don’t ask me to do this Thor, I don’t want to know. I can’t know”
The God glanced at his husband, weighting his words as he spoke “You have heard of Loki’s children.”
Steve howled in laughter, damn near rolling out of his seat, tears streaming down his cheeks.
“I’m sorry, Tony”
“Thank you Master Bragi.” Steven replied and finally strode towards Thor, who now had his head full of conflicting thoughts, but one glimpse of that perfect smile of the Captains was enough to lighten his spirit as they both exited the lecture room and into Asgards halls.
The avengers mumbled their assent, even some of the watchful audience shouting a vow of silence.
He went in a spiral of denial and desperately grasped and clung to Pepper, acceding to everything she asked for, anything she wished, just so she would stay. He renounced to Iron Man, he removed the arc reactor, he gave her a ring, for fucks sake. Anything and everything, so she would look past the fact that she now shared ownership of his heart with another, and maybe, she held a smaller percentage to her name.
“You saw what he did to Ronan…” Gamora argued, voice earnest and hopeful and awed. That kind of power… she had never seen the likes of it, never even imagined it “He didn’t even break a sweat when faced with the power stone. He may be our only hope.”
“Thor” The Captain gritted out his tightly clenched teeth to his husband “This is the exact limp I got from
The God of Thunder jolted out of his thoughts as the man himself emerged from the other room, the same hard eye set on him as he spoke “Why don’t you join me and let the Captain finish his homework?”
“Heimdall!” Thor yelped, scurrying off the couch and spinning towards the closed door and the… empty room.
“Yes” He said, his small smile turning wicked as he bucked his hips down firmly, pressing his clothed cock onto Thor’s turgid member in a wonderfully obscene circling motion. Thor’s eyes rolled back into his skull with a cry. “Steven!”
The Director nodded sharply “Good”
Steven turned to the Warrior Three and Lady Sif with a joyful expression, near wistful “I spent more time in boot camp with a knife in my hand than I did running drills” He then twirled the weapons in an astounding show of skill, his grin sharp as the daggers in his hands. “I can peal a
“Can we draw on you?” Lila chipped, joining her brother and poking his bicep with an intrigued expression.
“Am I to believe you don’t?”
“Would you hold still?” The dark haired God hissed, his slim fingers struggling to tie all the intricate laces of his wedding clothes, as was tradition. Thor stilled for a short second, before huffing and rolling his shoulders again undoing his brother’s work.
He swallowed thickly, his throat closing in and suddenly dry. “He could have stood a trial…”
Thor startled out of his pinning and turned to a severe Master of Arts, standing imponent, regardless of his small stature, on the high floor of the auditorium, head held high and soulful eyes. Every inch the God of Arts that he was.
The doctor nodded nervously, and Tony launched to the air in a blast of repulsors.
.”  The Captain’s eyes stern and admonishing on the elderly men as he spoke over the astounded gaping of the nobles “This is your job, you have a duty to your people. Please abide to it.”
Steven barked a laugh and set his hands on his hips, hanging his blushing face as the Avengers cackled at his expense.
The next morning Thor awoke with the first rays of the breaking sun, smiling besotted at the peaceful face of his still slumbering husband; dressed in his uniform, Thor could appreciate his perfect beauty to his heart’s content, though to be true to himself. Thor could not rip his eyes away from the lovely flutter of the Captains long, feathery lashes casting shadows on his high, perfectly chiseled cheekbones.
Drax squared his shoulders tightly and responded quickly “We cannot, you will have to kill us all”
Thor blinked in confusion, finally raising his head from that pathetic slouch he had acquired over the night. Really, defeat did not show handsomely on the God’s face. Loki sighed. “ You cannot possibly be this dense”
“It’s… It’s all I ever…” Steven fell silent once more, head hanging down and eyes glued to a picture, a picture of a large, pale blue house with white picket fence, then the Captain straightened, like a balloon being filled, his head tall and shoulders pulled back “Yes, yes I’d like that very much, please.”
He needed Steve.
“Will you be wearing anything under them?” Thor called after his retreating husband, voice husky as he sprawled back on the couch and closed his eyes in extasy “Describe them to me.”
The Captain smiled shyly at the God, pulling the others hands up in front of them as he emptied the small sachet on the God’s palms, reveling two identical golden bands.
“You could never get one over her!” Quill agreed with an exhilarated gasp, his face like a little kid in Christmas morning.
Thor took the day to recover from the sound beating he received by the Captains hand, indulging in the rare pleasure of junk food and video games. He had not felt so at peace, so at ease with himself in so very long. Thor startled to realize he had not fallen to his usual dark spells all day, more than that, he was in buoyant state of mind.
The shouts continued for a long while, Odin’s guards gripping their weapons at the ready as the people’s love for their Queen threatened to turn into a bloody affair towards their charge. Thor gazed onto his brother, his slender face devoid of fear, of any emotion, as his green eyes stared resolutely forward, hands shackled and helpless under their people’s hate.
Steve barked out a dry laugh “I’m sure you do… Now scoot over, he’s spending the night here.”
Thor was beautiful, really, undeniably breathtaking. Laying there, breathing easy; handsome face smooth in deep sleep, those expert lips shaking softly with sleepy mumbles. His perfect, tan body pebbling with the cold breeze of the early sea waves… and his penis resting thick and heavy on his taut stomach. He was quite large, Steve thought with a fierce blush and a flash of heat sitting low in his belly. He gazed down at the swollen member of his husband, head crooked to the side as he stared his fill, this forbidden, secret peek of the God.
“I am honored to have made the acquaintance of men so fine as you.” The one named Drax said, his voice filled with admiration as he glanced from one husband to the other before placing heavy, groping hands on their shoulders and saying “Please, for the sake of the Universe…
“Father”
“I love you too, Tony”
Miss Potts pursed her lips as if in deep thought. “Good publicity”
“Laura, please. And thank you, Captain”
Pure unadulterated Crack. A break from all that Aghast.
“That’s settled then, Naked Thor and his Mythical Hammer, next up un Times Square.” Tony prattled, a large smile on his bearded face, clearly enjoying the Captain’s consternation, his earlier anger all but forgotten as the night grew old.
The captain met his sword with a mighty smash of his shield, his own strength pushing Heimdall back for a second, enough to give the man an opening to fight back, and he did.
Steve wasn’t in his hotel, he didn’t pick up the phone; and then, Tony called Pepper. His Girlfriend.
“I know you brother, I know that is not true”
“By the Norn’s,
By the Norn’s, what Thor would do for that lovable man.
Surprising maybe everyone in the group, the Hawkeye had fallen in synch with Lady Sif, both conversing animatedly about random subjects, ranging from the stupidity of the male sex (something the Archer endorsed wholeheartedly with a pained moan for the future generations and saucy snapping of his fingers) to the best way to cleave a person to the wall with darts. Soon Thor feared they would attempt their theories as their tones grew in excitement and intricacy.
------
“So, we’re in Switzerland… anyone else feel like fondue?”
“Then get to explaining!”
“Oh, wow” Steven breathed, eyeing the large bed sat middle of the room, where the walls consisted of large windows staring out to the Queens gardens and the small pond Loki used to lure Thor and attempt to drown him… Thor would not disclose this detail, but eyeing the special place gave him a happy thrill; besides, it was rather beautiful in the early dawn.
The bizarre material of the shield rebounded from the walls of the UN building far behind him and sprung back, seconds after and just as he was caught over the head by the disk, knocking the helmet off his head and startling him. The captain twisted the Hammer with an expert flick of the wrist, like an artist spins his brush; disengaging the sword from Heimdall’s hand and sending him flying back with a vicious kick to his midriff.
Thor did not think himself an easy prey to petty feelings such as jealousy, but now as his soul trembled under the fear of losing his Steven, a man who he could barely call
That would not do. “He pierced the beasts’ heart through its mouth with a branch.” Thor declared, loud and clear for all to hear, proclaiming the prowess of his Betrothed to Gods and men.
“Aye, he gazes upon the worlds in silence and stone” Thor finally ripped his eyes away from the unfinished painting, turning to his betrothed as he settled his emotions. “I have not seen you in some time”
“It’s nothing, Cap”
Loki positively beamed “Right? According to whom?” Frigga recoiled slightly, her hands slack over his “Is life not good? Does a
“Thor” Steven called, anxious and hesitant, casting shy and pointed glances to the other body on the far side of their bed, the distance enough for him to be considered in another room entirely in Thor’s opinion, as he continued his desperate touches, pressing his open mouth over the racing pulse of the Soldier and tasting his skin, feeling his heart beat, reassuring and alive.
Steve and Clint had met with Natasha and Bruce in a Hagar next to the docks on the other side of the City, having scurried out of Shields headquarters like ghosts, passing undetected amongst the World’s best secret agents. If Steve didn’t know any better, Clint being a super spy and him a genetically enhanced Super Soldier, we would be very disappointed with the Agency quality standards.
“But it’s not”
“I’ll play you for it”
“Look, this way no one else has to get involved, besides” Steve grinned widely, unrepentant “Don’t you think I can take him?”
Each whispered comment driving the blush on the fair Captain’s cheeks to go lower and lower down his armor’s neckline. Thor’s grin threatened to part his face in two.
Soooo, that was just a treat for all of you, our boys being boys. The next chapter will take a bit longer as I have a new course at uni to attend to, sorry! Let me know your thoughts on this, love the feedback from you guys, kudos!
Lady Sif began to swipe faster and only the Captains flawless reflexes managed to save him from being sliced like fresh bread. Thor grew anxious as the sparing became more heated, but held his tongue as he saw the Captain smiling at every successful block and feint. Frandal sighed passionately to his side.
Thor felt his heart gripped in a cold, icy grip. Shame washing over his earlier wanton thoughts and jutted his chin out decisively “I will not take what he does not wish to give”
Thor found himself shaking like a frightened child as Odin approached him, fighting the urge to step away as the God stared him down.
Thor took hold of the link, pulsing strong and steady in his own masterful hold and earning a petulant look from his sibling. The God ignored it all, the playful whistling from their subjects, the faintly disgusted look from his brother, Heimdall’s fantastically raised brow. None of this mattered when he was held so tenderly by his love and though his heart rejoiced at the Captains generosity, Thor was no fool.
Steve scoffed an unamused smile. “Bucky used to say I didn’t know how to run from a fight. But fightin’s  all I’ve ever done. I can’t even remember a time when I wasn’t fightin’ somethin’: Asma, school yard bullies, Nazis, aliens…”
“Your ticket home.”
The man sat back down, nervously swallowing.
“I won’t be long, Steven” Thor promised, gazing longingly at the man as he walked away, guided by the waiting guards to their bedding rooms.
Thor leaned in eagerly as he explained “We have great wise men versed in the plentiful arts of the universe: Painting, Sculping, Ringerike”
“A pleasure to meet you, Thor has spoken very highly of you all” Steven of course promptly extended his hand to shake and Thor had to shove his hand in Frandals face and shift Steven’s hand to the next Warrior.
“I am sorry”
“Yeah, yeah, ok. I’m sorry I can’t be there for the wedding”
Steven rolled his eyes skywards and sighed “Ha, ha, Thor.”
“Rise my boy.” He allowed, tapping Thor’s bearded face and grinning gamely at the kneeling God “Up and go be merry with your friends. Let this old man have his rest.”
“Hello, General” Steve greeted, voice pleasant and beautiful eyes set back firmly on his creation, nibbling tantalizingly so on the bones of Idunn’s fruit.
“Hey” Steven breathed, coming forward to kneel by the glum God and set his hands on his knees in a comforting gesture “the only ones that should care about what happens in this room is us. No one should have a say in this
Steven shot up straight, his lovely eyes wide on the King.
“I’m done” Thor barked immediately, placing his pencil down with a smack and extending his hands for Steven’s work with impatient fingers. “Show me”
Thor felt his soul quiver, he could have lost Steven today, and he wouldn’t have known it until much later.
The Captain blushed deeper as he caught the innuendo in Thor’s words and scowled disapprovingly.
This was not Odin, his doting father. This was Odin the Conqueror. Who would not spare a thought to the pains of war and gleefully bathe the realms in blood in the blink of an eye.
“You see, Loki is asexual” Thor said, startling the Captain with his frank statement. Perhaps he lacked the delicacy he should have for explaining this. Thor bit his lip but braved forth “He does not find, nor does he seek the pleasures of the flesh. And Frandal is, well.
Also, I would appreciate if you gave your thoughts on the rating of this story. Does anyone want to see smut in this story or should I put all the juicy bits on a side story? What do you think?
“Didn’t scream” Steve panted “Better luck next time, pal” He patted the closest horn in commiseration and turned to the royal entourage of Asgardian warriors, framing the imposing figure of the All Father, who looked on to Steve as if seeing him for the first time.
Thor raised his head to the lovely figure standing in the doorway. Frigga smiled uncertainly at her son, eyeing both blond men with a faintly pale and stunted expression. Thor blinked and yawned as he straightened, sitting up from his sprawl over Steven’s slumbering form.
His mother truly knew best.
“You are pining there, thunderer” Loki broke Thor’s fretful reminiscing. The dark-haired God gracefully wiping at the crumbs that adorned his thin, pale lips with his thumb, which he then dipped tantalizingly into his mouth, his pink tongue curling and stroking the fine digit with purpose. Loki sent Thor a dark look from under his feathery lashes. “Tell me, have you bedded the fine Captain yet?”
“Thank you, Steven” Thor murmured to his husbands’ shoulder happily, as he had won the rights to be the ‘big spoon’ for the night “It has been a lovely day”
“We aren’t having a shoot gun wedding!” Stark spat, a venomous tone to his voice belying the obvious hurt in his brown eyes “We are having a grown, unanimous union, you know, like the adults we are. I’m not being forced down the aisle!”
“Tony”
“Master Bragi was not wrong.” Thor breathed as they stopped their dancing, still in each other’s arms, where they fit so very perfectly into the other. “Your voice is better kept to the bedroom…
He gave himself a couple of seconds more to vulnerability, just a few precious seconds, before his back straightened and his eyes dried as he turned to Loki’s waiting form.
“That lucky
Heimdall considered him for a moment, his gaze heavy and searching “Aye”
Thor found the Soldier standing disturbingly still by the river run, his hands clenched into hard fists, his knuckles in stark relief against his already ivory skin.
Chapter 14: Glorious
Lady Sif released a startled laugh at the comment, and quickly smothered it in turn to glowering at the man. ”Best be careful then.”
He could always lay Mjolnir on the Hulk’s chest if things went too out of hand.
“To be honest, I didn’t plan for you to agree to a weapons contract, but I should have guessed you’d go overboard, considering”
“Go to bed Thor, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Quill sighed in resignation “Yeah, and he is really hung up about it, too.”
Thor was definitively not complaining, if the stolen peek to the naked God confirmed anything. Thor was a happy camper.
Thor swallowed whatever reply he had in mind; eyes sad that only encouraged Loki’s wrath as he surged forward with a snarl. Fist connecting with the shear wall in a blinding battle of power, resulting in Loki being thrown back, body colliding on the furthest wall of his cell with a resounding thud that shook Thor to his very core.
The captain turned an interesting shade of pink. “That shouldn’t be necessary, Thor”
“Not bashing the soul bounding thing” The Captain drawled with a sly smirk “but I think this ceremony was better.”
Thor whistled last night’s tune to himself as he set their food on the small coffee table. Swaying slightly side to side as he maneuvered their meal to be just so, perfect for his husband, as was his due.
-----
Steven physically jolted at the greeting, his hand going lax in Thor’s hold and his soul retreating completely back from the newly weaven embrace, the stitching still fresh that Thor felt a sharp sting as the Captain’s withdrawal pulled his own soul with him, leaving the God feeling hallow and unbalanced.
The Captain burst in loud, melodious laughter, infecting Thor into a fit of giggles.
“You know we’d love to stay longer” Natasha said gently, passing a familiar, tender hand trough the Captain’s blond locks.
“Ha!” Thor crowed and quickly tucked himself in under the Soldier’s fearsome glare.
Thor pursed his lips thoughtfully “I shall stay with Jormungandr for today, I have long neglected my nephew and it will be a long time still before his father can visit”
Heimdall stood in Asgards great halls much later, face bruised, his All Seeing eyes shot red and swollen shut, golden armor askew and torn, but most worrying of all; he was grinning wide and bloody before the All Father’s horrified eye.
Thor may need to relax… just a bit.
At least, that which he had left.
Thor rose to his feet with a wide, emotive grin. “Goodnight, Father”
(There is a tiny, tiny smut scene, because Tony gets hot and bothered when Steve is Heroic, again it is marked begining and end by dark bold letters, for those who would like to skip it. It's kind of risky actually, please don't hate me!)
“He belongs to the United States of America” General Ross declared, his voice breezy and self-assured “He will do what is right for this country.”
“I did only what was right”
Chapter 21: Bachelor Party.
That was an hour ago.
Chapter 8: The Worthy
“I am” Nat said, setting her golden cup on the saucer and arching a high eyebrow daringly “So, what’s it going to be boys?”
Tony gave her more. He gave her everything.
“Hold your tongue, child!” Odin roared, his uncertainty making him short tempered as he tapped his staff on the floor, eliciting menacing waves of power.
“Captain” She saluted. He smiled and saluted back, turning now to join his teammates. Time’s almost up.
Thor frowned. Something was wrong…
Tony paused, curiosity spiked and as he looked down and read the scribblings on the front of the folder, the handwriting so familiar he almost overlooked the words themselves.
“Mother” Thor begged and sighed with relieve when she released him.
“It’s been lovely, gentlemen”
Thor felt the dread rise in his chest as he beheld his still very much human husband hold back the strength of one so mighty as Volstagg, who Thor himself struggled to best in a play of power, only when drawing from Mjolnir could he compare and now, here was his maybe immortal spouse: red faced and jaw clenched tight; breathing short and his thick, muscled arm bunching as he fought back the harrowing strength of Volstagg, the Great.
He walked up to his nightstand and swallowed thickly as he pulled out three little squared pictures, faded and ripped with the passage of time.
Bruce nodded sagely with a faint look of disgust and fascination thrown Loki’s way.
he thought.
His dread continued to mount the longer he laid there and finally, he lifted from his sprawl and lifted Mjolnir, summoning Heimdall and his All-seeing gaze to him, and finally return home.
Thor pulled the shirt up to bunch at the man’s armpits, uncovering his perfect body to him, the sculped muscles of his chest and belly glowing like smooth, polished marble in the soft moonlight. Thor felt his throat close at the sight. So perfect, so pure, so very
“No more games!” Thor roared, lightning curling in his raised fist.
and he is
Their encounter had been… something else. Jane was not a novice in any means, she took her pleasure unabashedly, held nothing back and even with her stature being so small, she managed to meet and exceed all expectations. Thor was not a small man and though it took Jane some time and a few couplings to adjust, she always managed to take his whole girth. Jane seem to take a perverse pleasure of forcing her body to extremes, like it was a personal achievement to take Thor’s cock deep inside her core. The last round of lovemaking she had ridden him, their eyes connected as were their bodies, perhaps even more intimate as she rolled her small hips, massaging Thor’s length with her inner muscles and never breaking away.
Not if Thor got to them first.
She was a coward and a liar. She could not do it, she hadn’t the heart to kill a man in cold blood.
“Sif?” Steven probed when the woman’s traitorous lips began to shake.
Young Thor had sowed many a wild oats in the ancient times of Earth, some of these rendezvous even baring fruit. He remembered some of his offspring being born, all but a few dying at birth, the rest following only a bit later. Small and sickly, their fragile Seidr struggling to hold life so far from Yggdrasil and Asgard’s hearth. None made it past 3 years old.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve paused, shoulders hanging low now that he was out of Tony’s sight.
Thor choked on a short cake and spluttered crumbs all over his beard. His face on fire as he coughed loudly, the image forever seared in his mind now and
He had a guest to tend to.
He was doomed either way, he stood and walked to the platform of the Avengers Tower, steps wobbling and unsteady, whatever poison the man of Iron had stung him with still coursing though his veins. He felt the call of Mjolnir to the west, his heart clenched with barely restrained disgust. He ignored her sirens song. Turning his head towards the heavens, he bellowed for Heimdall’s ever watchful gaze.
!... because you would not lose, not once, to stop my suffering.”
Steve set his hands on his hips, ducking his head for a second to regain his composure, it would not do to laugh after a prisoner escape and attack on the Royal family. No matter how ridiculous the thought of Thor taking a nap happily in a ditch somewhere while they all fought for their lives was. Steve nodded to himself and turned to call the guard outside his chambers to go search for his wayward husband with as straight a face as he could manage.
Hello, everyone!
Steve startled as a muffled voice from the ceiling broke his maudlin thoughts. “Clint? What are you doing here?”
“I see someone is sporting a little something extra on their fingers.” Natasha mussed, extending her dainty hands to the Soldier “Let me see, Steve.”
“You will remain in Asgard until the wedding, Thor.” The All Father commanded, striding out of his private chambers with barely a glance back “Do not force my hand, I do not think you would like the consequences of testing my patience”
“It’s alright, Captain” Sam had reassured “I understand the situation is a bit tense right now, how are you holding up?”
The people stood around Thor as it happened, unbothered by the cold drops. They formed a circle around Thor’s shaking form and one by one, they showered him with words of love, sympathy and hope. They waited out his tempest by his side.
“You are going to drive Master Bragi to an early grave if you continue that.”
Loki gave a soft kick to the limp body and nodded approvingly when it did not respond. With a dramatic swirl and flick of burgundy cloak, Loki passed the hateful magic walls into freedom.
“You will take Mjolnir throughout the planet in a show of fair game, a decade of touring should suffice”
Surprise muted the room, the aggression leaking out of the room like water spilling from a broken glass. Thor watched his father’s face form the first expression since their arrival and his heart wrenched at the sight. Odin was mourning.
“Really?” Steven arched a graceful eyebrow, stopping before the carriage doors uncertainly.
“You would think, watch this:” The Director barked with humor as he turned fully to face Thor, his expression a blank slate as he said tonelessly “Penis”
“Thank you, sir” Steven politely said “It was a lovely gift”
“Really though” Hogun interrupted “Humans have evolved quite nicely if that is what hails from their lands, quite an improvement to last time”
“Thor?” Frigga called after her son, uncertain and frozen with what felt as half a boar rested on her face and hair. “Where are you going?”
Thor released a sigh of relieve, Steven had already suffered enough unpleasantness to be burdened with Thor’s blunders. Master Bragi eyed him seriously as he continued in a low voice “But Odin knows, and he approves; he will do nothing. Frigga knows and she does not approve; and she as well, will do nothing.”
“That’s classified.” The Widow scolded in a deadpanned voice.
“You can understand that we are skeptical” one of the women explained “We will be receiving the entirety of this bargain and giving nothing in return”
-----
“No, Earth will not see war; it will see discipline”
“State your purpose in Asgard or die.” Heimdall commanded, stepping next to the green woman in a flash.
“Do it” The Director ordered, finally tearing himself from his silent perch by the wall, his stony eye set on the kneeling master and offering a hand “You will teach the Captain, starting today”
There is a loud crash as furniture flies past Loki’s seething form, only to stop and shatter into pieces at the contact with the wall, the magic cell vibrating with containing spells, pulsing in irritation as it held on firm after the onslaught of heavy furniture was hurled, one after the other. In Loki’s fit of rage, nothing remained intact. Soon, he stood within a cell of shambles.
“I have spent my life fighting and killing and scourging the realms so my sons would be able to hold the universe in their very hands” He smiled down to his wife, blue orb shining with adoration “Exactly like I do so right this very moment”
“Are you sure?” Steven pressed; his kindness boundless as he offered his own wedded rights up for the sake of one lonely, heartbroken woman. Sif smiled up to the man with sincere affection.
He had this chance now, so why was he so scared of taking it?
The men cocked their guns, Steve looked one last time at their pale faces.
“Bugger off, Loki!”
So simple, Thor thought, and yet so perfect.
Heimdall scoffed softly, to the astonishment of the court as he whispered sullenly “Of course you’d call
“Fucking Howard” He hiccupped, taking another swing of his bottle of whiskey.
-----
Tony lowered his hand in shock, stumbling back a couple of steps, mind whirling.
Sif sighed and placed a consoling hand to the troubled Soldier’s shoulder, smiling softly for the man who after knowing her for so little, dared to reach for her heart as none of her ancient friends ever dared. “I know it was never meant to be, and I am truly happy for him, he has grown so much since he met you…”
“I win” She breathed, eyes flashing and fierce “Well done, Captain”
Aye, Loki was wrong.
“My queen, I beg you. Let me free this man’s soul!”
“Your highness” Heimdall greeted him, his voice empty of feeling though a steadying hand held him on his feet.
Odin sat still under his wife’s accusations, the closest to admission as he would get and Thor’s heart sang for his fierce mother. Who only patted her mussed bed hair gingerly and turned her fiery gaze on to her firstborn.
“That’s not what I meant at all.”
And with but a touch of the God’s hand to the Kree’s head, the Accuser was swarmed by light, a howl of pain tearing out of his throat as the power of Odin’s will tore the man down to atoms, until nothing was left of the Alien but the memory of his harrowing screams.
Steven nodded regretfully, like a child scolded “I forgot my shield in my room, I… I only wanted to go for a run.”
“Do you feel it?”
Thor was on the brink of losing the fight with propriety and decorum when a loud crash was echoed through the room.
“The All Father awaits in his chambers”
Frigga admonished in horror as the Mighty King of Asgard and Protector of the nine realms, tripped over his own feet, laughing like a common fool…
“It’s going to be ok Captain” Bruce reassured, his eyes startlingly steady and confident “We are going to figure this out, you won’t have to fight this alone”
Thor grinned proudly “He did.”
In a moment they had leapt to each other’s arms, lips meeting in a heated attempt to convey the feelings they held bottled inside, just spilling forth into each other as Thor gripped the small woman tight to his body, and decidedly marched them both into the trailer home towards the small cot that he intended to get use of for as long as it could take, and then some more.
Nebula blinked and sneered “You traitor, Father will know of this, your life and mine will be forfeit.”
“Look at such a fine pelt!” Frigga cried in admiration, slowly encircling the great beast “The skin has not been pierced, it’s horns are intact! How ever did you manage to slay it?”
Gasps and screams sprung again, the Captain’s hands began to shake. The Avengers bounded forward as the Director pressed a hand to the communicator at his ear and said “Jericho is a go.”
“You lucky
But now he had Steven.
The hands wreaking havoc on his peace of mind stopped abruptly, releasing his shoulders as if burned. Steve twisted his head back to look in askance at Thor’s strangely pale face: “You fed it to Frigga?”
Chapter 18: Compromise.
Frandal blushed furiously and slammed his fist on the table: “That is enough! I will show you all to laugh at Frandal the Handsome! Come!”
“Wait…” Hogun jolted, his slim eyes unnaturally wide and pale faced “was that
Steven snickered silently and sighed “Thank you, Thor”
And Thor fell for him.
Steve gave him a heart wrenchingly beautiful, bashful smile, making Tony’s heart stutter and flip.
Who would not jump at the chance to stand amongst the Gods, share their power and riches; and quite simply, to bed Thor. In this, humble he was not.
His heart trembled.
“The senile fool” Loki mumbled in rage, his fingers twitching uselessly as he summoned his magic only to be reigned in to feeble sparks of Sedir. Steven twitched and Thor winced in sympathy as the echo of discomfort resonated through their bond.
Steven returned his smile with a demure kirk of his pink lips, his eyes shyly dipping and darting back to his husband in a charming display before squaring his wide, strong shoulders and turning towards the other God in the room, who sat arching an irritable brow at the two spouses and looking one tender gesture away from vomiting into his bandages.
She wanted to blame the planet, something in its air maybe that always succeeded to make her usually loyal, wise husband, sway in his ways. Perhaps he had underestimated them one too many times.
Steven sat one seat away, only the severe Director sitting between them and who would glare brazenly at anyone who would dare approach the blond Soldier, even, or specially at Thor, who had spent most of the feast trying to speak over the Colonels head to his intended only to be stared down by the dark pit of Hel that laid in the Directors sole eye.
“More?” Steven laughed, beaming at the excited God as he pulled the Soldier to one of the many discreet doors on the entryway.
“Uhm, Cap?” Hawkeye cut in, his voice uncertain and weary “Want to think this through a little?”
“Ok, enough of that” The Captain commanded in a sharp tone over the insufferable giggles of their teammates and fellow warriors “pass me the bread, Tony”
The Director arched an eyebrow and twirled the small bomb on a finger like a basketball “With this?”
Steve blinked back to the present, meeting the cautious, worried glances of the Gods. One sat on a high stool with a bare hand held up for referral, and the other; pouting and bruised in the far corner of Steve’s workshop.
“So how long do you plan to stay in New York?” The captain asked, his clear gaze soft and attentive as it searched Thor’s grinning features.
Thor grinned proudly as the soft gasps of the court, tittering of the people beginning to rise as his Betrothed stopped at his side, bowing elegantly for the All Father and settling face to face with Thor when allowed by the King.
The God sighed and cuddled close to the body next to him, curling his thick arms around the slim waist and pressing his morning desire, sadly encased in his breaches, brushing teasingly to the plump behind.
Thor met Steven’s eyes firmly “Asgard is not your home and Earth stopped being so long ago.” The words struck a chord inside the man for his hands began to shake minutely on his lap. “I ask of you to start anew, let me be your home, our marriage your shelter.” The God pleaded to the silent, shaken Mortal “It is not so simple I know… but it is a start.”
The next morning Thor woke to a light peck of a lips to his brow. Blinking up blearily as the first rays of sunlight, he caught the sight of a bare-chested Captain America, splashing his face with clear sea water and running his fingers through the spiky bits of bed hair. Thor sat up, the large blanket that had been placed on him sometime in the night falling from his shoulders and bunching in his naked lap.
“Not America” Steve corrected, rolling off the ring in a fluid motion “Just Brooklyn”
Thor stifled another bout of laughter, fondling nervously the golden apple in his large hands. He had spoken with his Father of this, of taking this step so soon after their wedding. But Thor had been vehement, the sooner the better, in his opinion.
“Ohhh, that’s cute. He thinks he makes more money than me. Jarvis, what is my net worth?”
He could never get it right, could he?
The Doctor startled violently at the offer, eyes jumping immediately, and perhaps unwillingly to a carefully blank widow. Bruce swallowed harshly as the thoughts whirled a storm in the man’s mind.
“So what should I tell the Captain? Lay back and think of America?”
Both groups fell to an awkward silence. Miss Potts eyes wide as she looked down to the gift with silent horror, delight and mortification fighting to take over her beautiful face. Stark on the other hand…
“If it’s weapons that you want, I can give you weapons.” Tony’s mouth shot off before his mind caught up with what he was saying “We don’t need to depend on Asgard at all. I was the world’s most prolific weapons designer. You’ve seen Iron man.” He looked at the meditative faces around the room, a sinking feeling in his chest that he was making a terrible mistake, but he kept on going “You want protection? I can build you a suit of armor to cover the whole world.”
Steven stared down at the unassuming, startling cheerful piece and his body began to shake, violent silent sobs wrecking his tall, perfect posture as the Soldier bent in half, only Thor’s steadying hands halting his descent to his knees. Thor swallowed down his inquiries, holding the trembling Soldier in his arms as the waves shook the indomitable man like a small child. Most heartbreaking of all: The Captain did not shed a tear, not a single sound left his gaping wide lips as sorrow rode its terrible path through the man’s soul.
Heimdall had been a constant in his life since he was a babe, his expression always frozen into stone, indecipherable to him. And now he understood, it was not that the man did not show emotion, but that he showed them all at once.
Volstagg stood next to the Captain and placed a kind hand to the shoulder “Is any weapon to your liking, Captain?”
Thor hummed as he was ripped from his silent contemplations. Steven looked at him with calm patience, though he could perceive an amused spark to his red rimmed sapphire eyes.
After the guests had left, the Avengers and Miss Potts sat gathered in the ample couches. Drinking in peaceful contentment, only interrupted by cheerful reminiscing and good-natured ribbing. Mostly at Thor’s expense.
Thor grinned jovially and hurried to take part in the repairs, under a bemused set of eyes and many astounded glances. And just as Thor attempted to nail a shelf into the wall a harried Mistress Eir halted his hand. “My prince, it was only
Steven blushed something fierce and managed to roll his eyes despairingly. “Thor…”
The God lifted his eyes to meet his spouse’s own, so blue and bright and
“No, he’d lose that.” Hawkeye quipped. Watching delightedly at Captain America do a rendition of Freddy Mercury for the universe to behold.
Thor swallowed thickly as he watched the sunrise in silent wonder.
On this memorable occasion he had put a swift end to a long-standing feud between to delegates of Vanaheim and Alfheim, something about wine barrels and pregnant daughters; truth be told, Thor doubted even they could recall the source of their hatred.
“Steven.” Thor growled, ripping himself out of his surprise and prowling forward towards his retreating, cheeky husband.
“Mother.” Loki replied in turn with a disdainful sneer “Is this?”
“Who do you think is topping?”
Stevens shadow nodded cuttingly “Oh, that would be nice… Thor?”
“I promised I would wear the gown…” Thor slurred wantonly, leaning by the doorway and jutting a hip out tantalizingly, his shaven legs peaking from between the many folds of soft lilac silk, for the Soldier to behold.
Lot's of love!
The blond man looked nothing like Thor recalled him, dressed in Midgardian fashion instead of his emblematic uniform. He looked fresh, renewed, with a newfound softness to his expressions only quiet contentment could bring to a man’s face.
“I can imagine it must be difficult, I saw the video on the news”
“Come, there is more”
Thor tried to coax them to do so. Explaining the standing vow of the All Father and the riches to be had if they succeeded, they only need to take the handle and pull.
Tony fanned himself with the folder, waving it around and pointing with it at the uniform while he struggled with this mushed brain to make words.
The man Thor had professed his love to in a daze of fulfilled passion. Whose unbelievable preserved innocence charmed and ignited him and who had been his,
Just as Thor and a couple of Soldiers were losing grip on their tempers, Odin clapped his fist on the wooden stand, a visible wave of power traveling the room the only clue that the All Father’s temper had been picked, his face an otherwise emotionless mask as the humans gave pause in wonder and fear. A tingling sensation of pure energy waved a path through them leaving them frozen as if they had just realized they were dealing with a God.
“Elsewhere” The shrill woman on Heimdall’s list all but snarled “Where he will remain until we have a signed accord”
“I will do the preparations for our rooms”
The man patted his hands clean and declared himself ready to get himself some Asgardian ass, ripping loud, jarring cackles from his friends.
That reminded Thor, Frandal was up for his decade throttling for that. He made a mental note to make time for that in the next weeks…
“He believed I’d make it big.”
Thor cooed softly at her, pulling her close to his body, tucking her small, soft body to his own, head tucked lovingly to his chest. “Jane, listen, I know it sounds daunting, I was afraid too”
Thor was a little too invested in appreciating the view of the man when the Humans seemed to rip themselves out of their whirlwind daze and step forward, finally noticing the Gods that awaited them. And of course, the Guardian of the Door.
Thor barked an involuntary laughter at the innocent inquiry and rubbed his forehead to Steven’s in infatuated nuzzles. “No, those are sacred forebears of the Norn’s will, do try not to kill those by the way…” Steven smiled quirkily at that but listened on quietly “No, here, I will show you.” Thor separated reluctantly from the warmth of the man and invoked Mjolnir to his side as he extended his other hand to the Captain “Lend me your hand.”
He heard the soft scuffles of his teammates gather behind him in resolute silence.
“Don’t be too hasty to undermine your skill Captain.” Thor denied, catching the Captain’s lovely eyes with a smile “You are as skilled a fighter as any Asgardian Legend has boosted to be.”
“How do I do that?” Steve questioned honestly, his words slurring a bit as he concentrated on the conexion.
But it wasn’t a guest that came knocking at Steve’s doors, at least not just the one.
Frigga’s face had softened from her earlier stony expressions after the fight with Odin, her eyes so very kind on the Captain as she agreed wholeheartedly, making plans to craft spells with her students and master Sedir’s to get just the right effect. Fury agreed to procure the photographs of the men fallen in service as to make things easier.
, and before she could stop herself, she spilled her heart to him.
“Oh, and Captain?” The Director added, sole eye piercing and menacing on the open balcony doors “Do let Thor know that if I catch his ass in here, I will shave his fucking head off with my nail clippers.”
Steve patted his husband dry in careful, tender stokes of a soft towel, pulling off the God’s damp underwear and wrapping the towel over his slim hips. Steve sat in the sand next to the silent God, rubbing another towel through his long, blond hair comfortingly until his breathing evened out and the last shudders of sobs wove out of his chest. Steve startled when Thor burst back to life, his hands coming up to pull at his nape and draw him closer, foreheads touching and breaths mingling as the God stared beseechingly into the Soldiers eyes.
Jane huffed, attempting half heartedly to pull away.
“What are you saying, Steve?” Tony demanded, voice thick with feelings he was fighting to keep down, though his mind kept turning and turning the Captain’s words and he couldn’t help stringing himself on.
He sucked a deep breath as he took in the visage of the blond Soldier, dressed smartly in a dark blue uniform with many decorations that only called ones eyes to gaze upon his ample, firm chest and that tantalizing, dipping waist in appreciation.
Steve pretended to overturn his cup in a blushing scramble when one of the girls sent him a parting wink. Frigga jumped as the hot liquid was spilt, soaking the mantle and dripping down to her lap.
“Your father would disown you if you came out before his subjects in that gown” Frigga laughed, recalling the scenario she had found when she entered her son’s chambers, both brothers in similar silk dresses, Loki in his female persona and Thor bulging out of his corset.
“Immortal?” Loki completed, smirking at the wide-eyed look of the Captain “perhaps.”
Steven snorted a laugh and kicked the ridiculous God away, rolling off the couch and grinning gamely at his husband. “You’re on”
“Call for me” Thor requested.
“You… did
Eyes that peep into your soul and burn.
Thor barked a bitter laugh at his affronted husband “If
“General Ross!” He called over the roaring of the Hulk and the buzz of the jet motors, catching the graying man’s attention “At my signal, get everyone to the Jet!”
“Captain!” He greeted brightly, hiding his discomfort as he felt the Directors glare follow him across the room.
The Captain nodded sagely, clasping Peter’s shoulder commiserating “I hope so too, son”
After a long while, they exited the war room and Steve stopped Fury with a hand on his shoulder. His throat worked around a knot of emotion, hope and so much gratitude it took him embarrassingly long to speak. “Thank you”
“Distract me, Steven.” Thor pleaded in a broken whisper “I wish to forget.”
“And there it is.” The Goddess smirked as the God of Thunder all but tore the flimsy wall down to re-enter the room and plop himself by his husband’s side.
Thor smiled softly at the man, taking the Captain’s hand in his own in a whim of courage much to the Soldier’s surprise. “I would give you the whole of Asgards treasures if that would help you come to love my world as much as I love yours”
Tony could almost imagine he could feel himself move inside her.
Thor put his foot down with a growl: “No”
“Thor
He pulled the man into a hug, reveling in the feel of the Soldier’s body pressed against his, for what would maybe be the last time. He heard and felt the man sigh deeply, the cool breath fanning over his ear and nape, giving the engineer a full body shiver. Tony held on tighter.
“Speaking of enticing curves, where is the good Captain?”
Frigga’s lips trembled “You sound like your Father.”
On the front of the UN doors he found General Ross, an Automatic assault rifle shooting expertly in unfailing head shots to the few Asgardians that tried to approach him or the other politicians hiding in the antechambers of the council.
Truly, now that he thought of it, it was a rather obvious ploy to distract the humans with the one thing that could surpass all their other needs: Greed.
Silence.
Steve pleaded one last time.
Steve had agreed to function as Ambassador, much to his bewildered surprise; which would give him free and unlimited transit from Asgard to Earth, at his discretion.
“You are burning up, Steven” Thor startled, pressing his large hands to his forehead and neck in gentle taps.
“Ha!” Thor laughed, undisturbed “That will not fool me twice, Steven”
In the Dungeons, whistling cheerfully in the early dawn. Loki, The God of Mischief and Lies, grinned up to the blank ceiling, feeling how his spells were gnawed away by Idunn’s holy power.
“You cheated!”
“What say you, Steven?” Thor grinned fervently up to his handsome Captain “Care for a game of cards?”
Thor blinked at the seething mortal “But you just said…”
“You’re always welcome, Thor”
Not a request, but a command… a threat.
Thor marched to his father’s private rooms in a daze, not bothering to stop in his own to make himself presentable, he burst into Odin’s rooms bare-chested, soaked to the bone and face torn in anguish.
Steve straightened abruptly, like a thick fog being lifted from his eyes, he could see light. Hope.
Heimdall did not laugh.
“Courage, Cap. I hope you’re happy”
“I offer this” Odin pledged, his eye meeting his son’s with that weird spark Thor had seen at the beginning of the meeting and now unconcealed. “To thee who is worthy of Thor”
Steven dug a sharp elbow to the God’s ribs under the table, causing him to splutter his drink and cough violently.
Thor’s head shot up instantly, receiving a swat from Natasha and a sharp command from Barton: “Be cool man, it’s a surprise!”
Thor glared at his old friend as they awaited in the training grounds for the Captain to join them. And hopefully, dressed in something more decent.
Thor held on tighter in desperation as Jane trembled and squirmed in his arms. “Jane please”
The All Father grasped Thor’s hand, ripping him from his reminiscing with a small smile on his thin lips. “Thor, tomorrow you are to be wed, and henceforth, you become a man.”
Steven glanced at the All Father with a steely gaze, but bowed gracefully at the God “Thank you, your highness”
Thor cried bitterly that night, and the next morning he visited his friend in his hospital bed, fresh out of surgery and recovering marvelously. Thor smiled brightly at the dark-haired man and congratulated him for his decision.
Steve grimaced, but conceded. He needed to work on that. Sam had told him so.
“You may not believe this, but Loki used to love earth” Thor nodded at the human’s startled gaze “Respected and cared for humans like none of us ever had. To him, being the joke of these people he cherished so was a grievous wound, indeed.”
The morning though, that was a whole other story.
“I know, it has not much in the ways of comforts, but I am quite certain that I can distract you from the lack of furniture if you allow it” Thor slurred provocatively, hiding the real uncertainty as he eyed the near barren rooms, it’s only feature being the large, comely bed and the small, unobtrusive nightstands tucked at the sides. Leaving all the decorating to natures own whims.
Thor swallowed thickly, his eyes brimming with tears and blurring his sight, for a moment he thought he could see a wet gleam of his father’s gaze, but as he rubbed at his eyes to clear them, he found his father’s severe eye dry and unmovable. “I beg you Father”
“What is it, my son?” Frigga prompted eagerly, willing to overlook the blatant vulgarity of their insinuations in the middle of the court. Thor smiled widely again.
He grappled with the man, or more like, reached at him and never managed to touch him. The dark man always one step out of reach, just one centimeter out of shooting range. And as the council men and women took the chance to run as Iron man attempted to fight the alien General, chaos outside erupted, the armies engaged and guns sang.
“You’re going to have to get through me first” Steve taunted, seeing how the Beast’s eyes followed Frigga’s slow trek to the exit with a vicious snarl.
The Black widow nodded her ruby head  “Consider it done, Captain”
Thor pursed his lips into a fine line, one could almost see the cogs turning in that thick skull of his.
He technically owned it too.
Thor blinked as he scourged his mind for any example of art by Steven’s hand, then simply stating. “He excels in everything”
“Yeah, I’m thinking more…
Many years had passed since then, he would never fit on his Fathers lap again. Thor was now taller than the All Father; wider and stronger. A far cry from the boy he had been then when he could curl comfortably in Odin’s arms, his head snuggly tucked under the bearded chin.
“I did no such thing!” Loki seethed from across the table, only the heavy spells binding him against causing harm keeping him from hurling the silverware at Thor’s smug face.
“Come in” He called, getting to his feet to receive whomever guest had come. It wasn’t proper to be seated when you had guests over. His ma had taught him better than that.
For all the stature and mass the captain possessed, Steven fought as a man half his size would. Fencing in and out of reach, using Thor’s strength against him and hitting were it hurt.
Steve has Limp, The Avengers say their goodbyes and Thor has a surprise for his husband.
“Miss Potts, I hear congratulations are in order” The captain smiled, his blue eyes kind as he warmly embraced the slender woman, who bestowed a tender kiss to the man’s smooth cheek; inciting a shy flicker of cerulean eyes and a quick duck of his head. Lady Potts rubbed the lip stain off his slowly flushing cheek with a strange familiarity as she smiled brightly.
This man was time incarnate, and Steven had laid it bare before Thor’s wondering eyes.
He peaked under the table in a frantic attempt to produce the man into the room where he very clearly wasn’t anymore. His breathing accelerated, short and labored as panic gripped him tight.
For Thor it ranked quite high in his sexual exploits, but the Captain had never shown any inclinations for the stronger sex, perhaps he had realized it was not what he yearned for?
He remembered having that argument, he had not thought much of Old Mister Tom since he had first came out of the ice, checking out names of friends, both dead or demented, like one checks off a grocery list.
“Thor!” Steven barked.
Steven blushed delightfully crimson and took off the hat from his head so he could pass a consternated hand trough his disheveled hair. Thor ached to mess it up some more.
“You know why he didn’t.” Loki whispered, matching the hurt in the Captain’s eyes with sympathy “It is a lonely existence, when you live as long as we do… when you
The Director eyed the proffered communicator and shook his head, pushing it back to the Captain’s chest “Nah, keep it, in case you feel like kicking Goldilocks here to the curve one of these days.”
“Do not bed him”
“And what was Steven doing in the Mountains in the ass crack of dawn?” The Director finally appeared, fully dressed and ready as if he had not spent a whole night in slumber. His lone eye staring critically at the Captain who now stood tall and unrepentant under their gaze.
“Argh!”
Frigga pursed her lips delicately but repeated calmly “We were speaking of the arrangements for your courting. The Director has kindly agreed to chaperon most of these meetings but there is still a possibility that his time will be limited” Frigga looked troubled by this though she smiled at her son in a joking curve of her lips “And I doubt you would like me to fill in the remaining occasions”
“Thor is your friend” Tony reminded him, not denying or confirming the statement “he can convince big daddy to lay off. You just need to say the word, Cap.”
“I’m not saying that, Loki.”
“I’ve fought Loki, I know it was.”
The meeting had been a rotund success and the Masters of Magic and Construction had left with awed smiles on their faces. It was a common occurrence when speaking with the Captain.
The man jolted slightly at the feeling of strong arms enveloping his waist, pulling his body up to a fervid embrace as Thor buried his face into the Soldiers neck, breathing him in in desperate pulls of his fresh scent.
The oblivious Captain smiled brilliantly and took the proffered apple happily.
“I cannot believe you could be so reckless” Odin blowed “Would you care to explain why Asgard had to part with yet another coffer of gold because of your asinine endeavors?”
Thor fought to compose his aghast expression, eyes looking around the room randomly: “Yes of course, you did”
song, the very same one they first danced to, now the first one they had made love to as well.
Aye, much could happen, much had happened… His marriage to Steven could still be foiled.
Steven did return; sadly, fully clothed and with a reproachful glare in full force. “Real classy, Thor”
“Bye, Thor.”
“Bedrooms?” The Captain asked, blinking owlishly at the large rooms, decorated in soft, warm colors, none of Asgards ostentatious features, only the necessary fruniture and many, beautiful paintings and tapestries covering the pale walls. Giving it a quiet, sophisticated air that even Thor had been surprised to have achieved. Granted Master Bragi had done the picking of the paintings but Thor had nailed them all in, so he felt no shame in taking credit to the Captains wonder.
The eyes of the elder woman widened in realization as she croaked “He did not say no, my prince”
“Really, Steve?” Clint groaned in his copilot seat “ ‘I told you so’s?’ Now?”
He bid then good fortune and blessed them with many children. Much to Stark’s disparaging gapping.
Tony just about jazzed in his pants, how do you do, Captain?
“Thank you.”
” The Director eyed his white knuckles lazily. “this whole courting bullshit has got people talking, and talk is dangerous.” The mortal leaned forward as Thor’s expression turned to a confused muse “You know Asgards court is not made by Asgardians…Hell most of your court is foreign nobles” Thor nodded at this, cogs turning in his head as he fought to make the connection of Asgardian Court and his impending nuptials to the Soldier; the Director arched a pointed eyebrow. “or simply said: Spies.”
Tony had played with the idea before, after being sucked into the wormhole in New York, having seen what he had. He fought to convince himself that he had planned to do this anyways, that he was in control and he hadn’t just gone against all he stood for after his rebirth in Afghanistan.
” Thor said, fervent and overcome with feelings he could not say, only show “And well… as is my mother… because of you.”
Then the Captain
The Captain shuffled on his feet, his silence conspicuous enough for Thor to rise an inquisitive brow at the discomfited man, before he quietly confessed “I… wasn’t wearing any”
All in all, quite the fruitful endeavor to say the least, and as he had been able to save the good Captain of being hounded by the most daring members of the court seeking favor of the man, or simply lusting after Thor’s intended. Well, the new fantasies could only be a well-deserved reward.
Steven’s throat worked harshly for a moment, and finally nodded.
Odin squinted at the fine detail in the golden ring with a matching grin to Thor’s own “Hold it up higher, let us see it in better light…”
to ever mark this marvelous man enough to overcome his ironclad control and any modicum of decency as he fucked his fist in shameless bucking of his hips, feeling as all the muscles in his body clenched and his orgasm extended to near blackout.
Out in the balcony, fighting to keep a straight face as the banging down the hall grew louder, much to the other’s mirth and his private misery. Tony stared out to the unbelievable landscape of Asgard and tried to be happy for his friends.
Tony had the obligation to share it with the rest. Doctor Banner, still the Hulk, laughed uproariously and slammed his fist in the ground with delight.
------
“You know, I’ve been saying this would happen for a while now”
Really, the Captain needed to get laid, big time.
“Come” Odin said, patting the space beside him “Sit beside me, my boy”
Thor barked a laugh at that, a hand coming to rest on his chest as if to stop the mirth from pouring out “The big ones?”
The fine Captain grinned back, his beautiful blue eyes crinkling in an admittedly adorable way, startling out of place in a grown man but so very comely on Steven. The man of Iron watched the interaction with a stunted expression, his mouth working for a second before smiling brightly.
“Tell me, Captain. What are the rules of this Brooklyn fighting you speak of?”
Chapter 6: Sparring
Thor felt his heart swell with fondness, so strong he took a moment to regain speech, only increasing his brother’s irritation as Thor worked to form words.
the stone pillars into dust. The small goat ambled back to Thor’s expectant arms for his share of petting while the Captain blinked at the crumbling pillar and the happy beast; tiny stub of a tail waggling as it enjoyed the God’s heavy hands on its furry back.
A guard fainted behind Thor’s back and the God felt sorely tempted to follow suit, Loki and he meeting startled gazes as Steven worked his throat to swallow harshly, this morning’s event drawing to an entirely unexpected end and now standing uncertain before a humbled God.
“Goodnight Steve, Thor” Miss Potts answered, cutting whatever ill reply Stark had meant to give as she pulled her drunken husband to be out of the room and into the dark halls of the tower.
“The mandarin incident, I know you called”
… He should have run for the hills the moment the pair got up from their table, barely an hour into the party and left for the bedroom.
“Loki has tried to kill me on many, many occasions” Thor said excitedly to his husband, both cuddling, fully clothed on the couch. Thor’s back pressed to the Captain’s chest as he discovered the joys of being the ‘little spoon’ as the Captain had so adeptly put it and reminiscing about their bizarre childhoods together between bites of Asgardian fruits and sweetcakes.
“Again?” Thor near whined, his deep voice raising with frustration and shooting a piqued glare towards his brother, receiving a matching blistering look. Steve pursed his lips and spoke out quickly before the Godly pair devolved to rude faces and poking tongues.
If he was honest with himself, he could not see this changing in the foreseeable future. And his heart ached at the thought of soiling this beautiful union of souls with Steven, with the ghost of his lost love.
Frigga rose from her beddings with a mighty cry “Odin, enough! You will not blame my son for your unworthy actions!”
All that kindness, gone without a trace. Because Steve hadn’t been there to remember.
Thor swallowed thickly to hide the knot of emotion that threatened to reduce him to tears as his lovely husband sighed and cuddled in close to his side, his ear pressed onto the God’s chest and humming a tune in match to Thor’s heartbeat.
“You sure went all out on this, Steve.” Bruce smiled pleasantly, eyeing the band with intrigued brown eyes.
“I’ll do it.” He said, taking the hurt hands and gently rubbing the clots of blood off the torn knuckles “It’s ok. I’m here with you. Just breathe.”
Barely an hour later and the Captain lay in his underthings with a shocked and flushed expression on his gorgeous face as Thor once again laid a winning hand on the table.
“Odin does not speak for me”
“I am sure he is, any particular craft he excels in, my prince?”
The Captain grinned cheekily “Yes, dear”
The blond warriors ignored the spectators waving wages and circled each other slowly. Thor felt the thrill of a good fight begin to rise and he grinned haughtily at the Soldier.
“Frandal, how are you feeling?”
“Here! An early wedding present” Tony handed a manila folder with the new contract, freshly signed and notarized. He watched Steve take the folder and open it absentmindedly, until he caught the words on the paper. His long fingers clenched around the folder in spasms, throat working as his sapphire eyes shot back and forth over the long text that now proclaimed Captain America property of Steven Grant Rogers.
“No, I’m not” Steve argued, he hadn’t had a fever since the serum, not even a sneeze or sniffle. Thor shuffled to his feet, pulling the shivering Soldier into his arms and up on his shaky legs.
Steven was about to combust under the attention when a small hand was placed on his back, startling the good Captain out of his blushing haze to meet the dark gaze of the Warrior named Gamora.
This happened a few more times before Thor decided to leave the US entirely, flying randomly to another country, anything to keep his mind away from thoughts of her. And in a week’s time he found himself in the open planes of the savanna.
Thor took a small sip of his drink and muttered softly “
“Duty calls” Natasha smiled apologetically. Thor nodded his understanding. Aye, duty waits for no man, or woman. He would miss his friends dearly, for these past weeks had been the best he had had in quite a while, the quiet contentment of everyday life with these mortals had done wonders for his quaking soul and now he felt the cold grip of despair as he would soon find himself alone once more.
However, he would not move a finger to stop it, for he was far more engaged in his soft conversation with his intended. They had not spoken like this since that first night of the Man of Iron’s engagement party, and Thor found himself regretting it dearly. The Captain had a sharp, witty mind, not a surprise in the least, but he had been remiss of procuring him as he was due. His father’s word’s coming to mind as he watched the Captain walk to the bar for another refill of their tankards, because the man was that solicitous. Behind the new titles and roles, the Captain was above and foremost, his friend.
“No!” Barton protested “Give it to him Brooklyn style!”
“I love you”
The man shot his arms to the sides, gripping at nothing, fingers scrambling over the silk sheets for purches and convulsing over the pillows as Thor lent down and swallowed his cock whole.
As Steven turned to thank the giggling maidens for his tea, noticing from the corner of his eye how the Queen shifted in her seat, a quick flash of steel catching the light as a dagger was palmed on the Goddesses’ thigh.
“We should not do this.” Thor gritted out with a defeated sigh.
“Man, I can’t do that! it’s- C-c-cap-”
“Thank you, Mother” Thor responded, huffing under the shared weight of the animal as he and Steven dragged the fleshy thing into Asgards great halls with a winning grin “I’ve groomed my beard just this morning.”
The Captain breathed out a troubled breath “I, I never really thought of it, being a dad… I never really had one.” Steven confessed, shy now, though present and that was enough, as Thor began to fear these spells that emptied his Betrothed’s eyes to an almost doll like gleam. The Captain turned his face to Thor as he spoke gently “My old man died when I was still a runt of a thing, barely remember him, and what I do… I just don’t think that is a good example of what a dad should be like.”
Thor dropped Mjolnir in the middle of the field, and Tony relaxed for a second until the fucker started sparking lightning out of his eyes. Thunder rumbling more fiercely in the dark sky as it gathered above them, the air so charged with electricity that rocks and pebbles began to tremble in the grass.
“See?” Barton whispered to Banner “That’s how you scare people.”
“A knife” Steven breathed tapping the blade to the surprised woman’s belly “Though I am very happy to see you”
The Captain arched a haughty eyebrow and released a long, amused sigh. “I just told you I cheat, and you want to play cards?”
“I hope you realize you’re cheating my children from their education.”
Steven bit his lip as he watched on to the miracle that was Asgard, Thor and probably everyone else in the gardens enthralled by the sight of the man’s abused lips. Finally, the Soldier nodded and met gazes with the mesmerized Frandal.
“You will do no harm”
Thor nodded softly “I know this, still…”
Thor struggles with the aftermath of Odin's vow and turns to his most trusted ally. Loki.
Loki gasped, taking a deep breath as his chest rattled like windchimes, his forest green eyes blazing in silent fury. The gods stared at each other in silence, both trying to convey something that they could never bring to words. Finally, Thor sighed and parted, not sparing a glance backwards at his brother; laying in destruction and hurt by his own hand. And wasn’t that the width of it all.
Thor glared at the smaller man, but his Mother was quick to come between them before he could say anything in the Captain’s defense. “Perhaps you would like to test the man for any prodigal gifts he may have”
Steven had given his eyes a certain quality, the God thought, as if he had opened a book for all to see. He could appreciate in the Golden All Seeing orbs the quiet wisdom, all the pain and horrors of the universe caught frozen; and strangely, all the joys. All the wonders of life lingering in the gaze.
“Ha! my sons!” Thor startled out of his unholy glee when his Father called to them. His face an open mirage of surprise and joy, uncommon enough for Thor to take a step back and tuck the irate Captain behind a protective arm. Frigga’s cold stare alone was enough for Thor’s mirth to settle and curdle in his stomach. Remembering her plea the night of their wedding and what this must look like. Thor fought to keep his eyes above ground under the weight of his mother’s disapproval. Regardless of his having abided to her wishes, he would never grow immune to her scolding’s. The All Father strode forward to match his steps with the newlyweds. “Come, join us, you must be famished.”
“… General?!” Steven startled harshly; blue eyes shot wide over Thor’s golden head.
Thor swallowed and swiftly turned his thoughts elsewhere.
“Save your sentiment, Odinson” He snarled “and leave me in peace. I am not your blood or your friend to have to console you every time your stupidity overwhelms you. Leave and take Odin’s sick plots with you, I want no part in your disgusting family. I have suffered it enough!”
“I thought, perhaps, after the first year we could spend some time on Earth, have a house of our own…” Thor hurried to explain as Steven frowned down to the pages and pictures of grand houses and apartments “As Ambassador of Earth your travels will be frequent, it is only proper we have a place of our own… What do you say, Captain?”
Steven shot him a look but merely smiled as he allowed himself to be dragged out and into the next door.
The Captain let his head hang low, his wide shoulders shaking with laughter.
is a limp!”
“Boo, you whore”
Soooo, I did that, I hope it was up to your expectations! Plot is comming, please let me know your thoughts on this chapter, this one in particular was very taxing to write just the way I wanted (still didn't manage to get there). Thanks so much for all the lovely comments, you guys are my muse!
Odin sat on his throne, his staff, Gungnir, held firmly in his hand. His lone eye set on his most trusted General. Heimdall. As he knelt before him in the great halls.
That same afternoon, their friends revealed their need to part, Thor felt in his heart the Captain’s despair, quickly hidden from sight as the Avenger’s went about packing away.
“What Lord do you serve?” The Guardian demanded prowling closer to the group in a menacing stalk.
Thor arched a brow at the elder man, causing him to flush impossibly harder as he scrambled to correct himself “No! I mean….
Thor pursed his lips and shoved the sketchbook onto his brother’s lean chest with a mighty scowl. “Write something civil.”
Loki gasped in horror.
“Oh?” Hogun glanced at the Captain and his choice of weapon with barely concealed amusement at Sif’s frown. Those were Loki’s favorite set. Thor saw Steven take the sharp daggers in hand with a knot in his chest.
It was a true delight to observe the Captain fight, and a terror to be at the other end of his punches. He morphed so seamlessly from one fighting style to the other, learning, adapting to Thor’s skills and weaknesses. It was an awe-inspiring sight.
“Norn’s above! Look at that magnificent beast!”
Thor sighed, his shoulders sagging as he smiled “Thank you, Brother”
“Please Thor, please don’t make me do this”
“Jesus” Steve mussed, but wrote the dedicatory anyways. He’d be a married man too in a couple of days, anyways. He handed back the poster to the Archer with a smile and patted his shoulder gratefully: “Thanks for everything, Clint”
Thor smirked viciously “You should have covered it better”
taking his mouth for deep, wanton kisses and pulling the Captain’s hips down sharply as he thrust up.
“I’m limping, it’s a limp, Thor.”
would come to educate him of this after barely a month in Asgard was a bucket of cold water.
The Director glared at the old master, receiving a nasty glare back as they all emptied the rooms for the testing to take place.
Here, decorated and furnished in complete Midgardian fashion, was a large studio. Complete with living room, a large workshop and a small kitchenette. Thor had slaved over these rooms and acquiring all the appropriate items to make it near indistinguishable to a Midgardian home, that is, if you ignored Asgards city bulging out the horizon from the large windows that covered a whole east wall.
Frigga stepped back, hurt by her son’s words, but acquainting, nonetheless. “I trust you will do what your heart deems right” The Queen whispered “For I know your heart to be kind, my son”
“Now if you are both quite done!” Hogun shouted from up high, startling the pair out of their silent heart searching and drawing their eyes to the man, crouching on a tall branch of a tree far off and pointing urgently down at the fat beast that scratched and oinked furiously at the trunk  “could you please shoot that boar so I can come down?”
“You fight like a bottom tavern whore!”
Heimdall pressed forward, attacking viciously, ever more convinced to bring this man to Asgard. Where he belonged.
The Soldier turned as his name was chanted, sighing in mock reluctance as he climbed the mat and ducked under the ropes in fluid, effortless grace. “Alright, but just one round. And sparring rules apply”
“Director”
“Thor, there are five couches in the waiting room.” Steve hissed from his humiliated bundle of sheets, prompting some silent pouting from his husband and triumphant leering from his bother in law. “Yes,
“Ok… ok, Thor. Let’s give this a go.”
“Yeah, what he said!”
“Are you ready, Captain?” Heimdall called from the other side of the plaza, holding his broad sword and a small, rounded shield in his hands. “Will you only fight with your shield?”
This was just another thing he had to give up, another liberty he had taken for granted.
“Jane!” He shouted, marching toward the small mobile home she liked to live in. “Jane, it is I. Thor!”
And here he comes to find, he had been blaming the wrong man.
Thor gasped as the darts hit his bulging neck, one after the other; the sparks subsided, and he stumbled on his feet. Fist still raised to the cloudy sky determinedly until finally his eyes cleared and rolled back into his skull; falling forward in an unseemly heap of muscle and drool. Flowers wilted in his hair and bridal veil askew.
“No, where are your manners? get off the Captain right now” Laure scolded, pointing to the empty chairs in the table with full plates “And there will be no playing until these plates are empty”
He felt a muscle twitch under his eye, remembering that the All Father had warned him of this behavior, and it would not do to cut down a Midgardian ruler, however educational and well deserved it was. At least, not unless they continued to refuse to release the Man. Then, he would gut that one first.
“Only for you, Steven”
“Look, we’re on your side, ok?” Quill assured softly, hands held up high to appear as harmless as he could “There is a larger problem coming your way and if you would just let us explain.”
“My son, I did not expect to see you so soon, but I understand if you needed a respite of your… duties.” The last part was muttered after a soft, meaningful pause, causing the Captain’s blush to come back with a vengeance. The soldier smiled thinly and hurriedly limped forward to join the silent Mother of God’s. Odin followed his step with a gleeful orb and a knowing grin.
“112 Mississippi. Thank you, Volstagg.”
“What do you speak of, Captain?” Sif prompted, continuing her slow prowl forth as the distance between them and Hogun grew, now effectively out of earshot and not sure if she wished it so. The Captain followed a few paces behind the woman, keen eyes set on her and searching.
“You are so vulgar” Drax mussed around his sip of tea.
Loki released a cackle at the reluctant smile from the Queen “I see the irony, believe me I do.”
“Stop that, Loki” Steven sighed.
“Oh, but you should have asked for escorts if you wished to go Hunting” Frigga bemoaned, her earlier delight clouded by a surge of worry as she saw the mess that had become of Steven comely clothes. “Our King quite enjoys hunting parties, he would not have denied you the opportunity to go in such a quest, especially for such a handsome courting present!”
“You waited until he would arrive at our gates to have the wedding” Thor declared.
Steve crooked his head to the side, gazing at his perfect husband up an down, feeling that hot steering he was beginning to shyly associate with the God and pressing a chaste kiss to his golden brow, tucking the blanket snuggly over Thor’s shoulders, covering his nudity from his guilty eyes and shuffling out to the beach with an uncomfortable tightness to his pants.
“So Thor” Clint approached the God as the Captain said his goodbyes to the Director “will you be coming to Earth with Steve?”
Steve’s eyes shot up from where he was pulling at his new uniform self-consciously. This thing looked like it had been painted on him, for Christ sake!
“Sure know how to make a fella feel welcomed” Steve said to himself, passing his hands through his unkept hair and sighing deeply.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor felt bile rise to his throat as the pounding in his chest set deafening screams in his head. Jane looked on motionless.
Thor awoke with a groan, shaking his head to dissipate the fog that clung to his troubled mind, the day coming back to him in flashes. His mouth was dry and tasted of bile. He coughed to clear his sore throat and pulled his body up gingerly, passing a hand through the disarray that was his hair and ripping off the tiny wedding veil with a vicious tug, ripping golden strands with a grunt, not bothering with the braids and flowers.
“I can’t lose you.”
“What?”
He spun away after a dizzying moment of relief from Mjolnir’s wrath only to be received by a shot of lightning. Heimdall roared in convulsing waves of pain, the electricity scorching it’s way in his body, His magic curling and shriveling in his chest; he fell to his knees. gasping and blinded for a haunting moment.
Then they went to bed, snuggled together and Tony spoke. About the file with his Father’s last wish, the video of his mother’s last breath, the damning meeting with the council. And Steve, they spoke about Steve.
“Please don’t Tony” Her face was rigid, and cold. Her eyes pink rimmed, sign that she had been crying.
“There will be no such thing”
Frandal raised his hand avidly. Thor glared “Not you”
Thor eyed the Captain with undisguised lust as he nibbled on the delicious treat this man had provided, receiving but a roll of those enchanting blue eyes and a patient smile. His whole face shining since this afternoons events. He had spent most of the day with Master Bragi, who evaluated his skill in all arts: drawing, painting, sculpting; he exceled in them all. All but singing it would seem. As the Head Master of Arts had explained in an uncharacteristic flustered tone.
The Director sighed and rolled his lone orb dramatically “You’re from Earth.”
Steven had dressed in Asgardian fashion, a side cloak of dark burgundy over deep royal blues and his numerous medals pinned on his ample chest. An Asgardian prince and a Midgardian Officer.
It lasted a little over a week, as Thor began his shameless endeavors in the highly recurred Times Square. He was not allowed to broadcast in the nude, but he had rid himself of his shirt and chest plate and that had worked wonderfully, the Earthlings navigated towards him like bees to honey.
Steve nodded and hummed.
Stark turned his wicked sharp gaze around, assessing: “You! Half man” He pointed impatiently at the other naked man in the crowd “Up and center!”
“It’s not about the fairness, Mr. President” A voice that sounded suspiciously like Senator Stern said. “This matter concerns the entire human race, I don’t think the fate of one man should outweigh all mankind.”
“A pleasure to meet you, Starlord” The Captain said amicably, shaking the man’s hand once more and gently pulling his palm away from the stunted grip of the other human.
. Odin and his council scrambled to give reassurances that the Director shot down mercilessly, and ultimately, they showered him with leeway’s, the resulting accords practically a mugging of Asgards treasury. In the end, Fury conceded. After a hefty dowry and an actual signed contract (With
At first Steve had felt awkward, very conscious of their friendship even with the new title of husband. Steve being used to soft lips and even softer bodies, he now held on to a mass of rock firm muscle and was regularly going to bed with beard burned lips, the tingle sending aftershocks of something he was not ready to name down his spine, gasping lungful’s of air as the culprit of his troubled arousal would cuddle innocently into his side.
“Aye” Thor nodded seriously “There are things a man simply does not wish his mother to see”
He knew Howard had been obsessed with finding the man, spent more summers exploring the Artic trying to find him than he had spent with his family, so to know that he had bargained the one thing that had made him so proud, his greatest achievement; just for the rights to give the Captain a proper catholic burial, was so fucking unfathomable.
Steven’s pale, withdrawn face practically bloomed into a breathtaking smile as he walked around the bed, eyes dancing with delight as he gazed out the windows to the gardens and the panoramic luxury of the many flowers growing all around. For Thor knew Steven enjoyed his flowers.
No. Steven would not continue to touch him as he did if that were the case, and that delightful flush he acquired when they shared their daily kisses was not the reaction of a man uninterested.
The men shared a look, but it was Director Fury who spoke, finally joining the meeting from where he stood in shadows and silence, his eye sharp as knifes.
“What is this?” Thor asked, now eyeing Tony with an inquisitive gaze “Have the Captain and you fallen in discord?”
“We did not say that”
“Fuck, fuck, FUCK, Fuuuuaaaaahhhck!”
Steven huffed a laugh, the blush on his face now a permanent feature as he watched his teammate hump the air to the rhythm of Asgardian tunes. Thor eyed the Captain surreptitiously, assessing if his earlier discontent had been forgotten as he inquired innocently. “Is this a typical Midgardian dance?”
“Here” Thor snapped, all but throwing his own paper pad to the Captain’s lap as he jumped up and made grabby hands for his portrait to be released.
Tony did a doubletake “What?”
Frigga smiled back.
“I could never regret you Thor” Steven finally whispered, his voice tender and warm as he bestowed a kiss to his husband’s brow and promptly fell asleep. Leaving Thor to his own sentimental musings and his amazed bliss.
The feast was a success, all present were able to sample the fruit of Steven’s prowess, as the Beast was so large that it easily feed hundreds of Asgardians. All cheered for the mortal man in adoration.
-----
Hogun nodded at the Captain and waved “We will leave you to it then.”
The Warriors cheered and hooted as the Captain kneeled down before the tree stump that served as their table. Volstagg grinned sharply at the smaller man and held his hand out in open challenge.
The Captain startled, his hand gripping the tiny hat, dwarfing it completely in his golden palm.
Thor’s hands clenched around the paper as the Captain inspected his own portrait with a studious eye.
.” Tony drew a sobbing breath. “I want you to
“But it is” Thor insisted “I have left you alone with these burdens. I will not lie to you Steven, I have come to love the idea of being your husband.”
“I was wondering when you would return”
They arrived at the tower a couple of hours before dawn, everyone taking their own ways to wash away the grime of battle and try to get some sleep, though they all knew it was probably a futile effort. Tony watched the Captain go with an ache so deep in his chest he could hardly draw breath.
gift, I tell you!”
“No, no, ¡no!” Thor pleaded.
“Unless it is tradition” The Captain amended carefully, his eyes searching Thor’s for guidance.
Sif huffed to her cup of milk “Riding Jormungandr around the sea and scaring the fishermen is not a game, Thor”
“The safest place on Earth.”
Steve readjusted his grip on the Hammer, getting a good hold of the artifact as he finally acknowledged it’s call since the first time he held her in his hand. A bond knitted to the very core of his soul that he had fought so desperately to ignore.
“You do not look fat, Thor” She assured, taking the laces of his intricate armor and tying them with expert hands, regardless of her son’s constant shuffling. Years of clothing the same boy, even now as grown as he was, enough to make it so she could do this in her sleep.
The All Father tapped his mighty staff on the golden floor, silence falling over the enormous crowd as the wide doors opened for the Crown Prince, dashed in a golden armor from head to toe, blending seamlessly with his golden mane and skin; only the crimson cape, color deeper than blood, in contrast to his golden image. A warrior God parting the crowds before him in a mighty roar of cheers. To his side sauntered the Fallen One, unrepentant and proud; dressed in handsome dark greens and silver, they were polar opposites. Night and Day walking side by side. Though their presence was the same. Royal blood and regal poise. Every bit the prince one and the other.
“Riding?” Steven inquired, turning once more to Thor with wide, beautiful eyes.
Steve pursed his lips and nodded tersely. Then they jumped into the air.
And before Thor could correct the man and give a proper, truly thorough kiss, the Captain jumped to his feet and shot around the room with the hearty excitement of a young child in a sweet’s shop. Gasping and laughing at each new trinket he encountered, shouting his laughter as he found a record player and some large, black disks with large carton sleeves announcing many random Midgardian Artists. The Captain barked a loud, amused cackle as he eyed one called Marvin Gaye and shot Thor a thrilling, wicked grin.
Thor grinned impossibly wide: “Brother, you are awake!”
Odin nodded in understanding “Aye, I remember the feeling, I myself was a spineless fool when your mother-“
“Heimdall!” Thor span in a frantic leap and waving of arms, accidently knocking over Steven’s work off its stand and shattering with a tremendous crash on the marbled floor.
The Odinsons strode to the front of the Throne room, halting before their father with a curt bow. Odin nodded in acknowledgement and tapped his staff twice, the power of Gungnir waving through the room in an invisible wave. From the open doors walked in the Director, dressed in his usual dark clothes and long trench coat, followed closely by the Avengers, fitted for battle and armed to the teeth, even Doctor Banner’s skin showing some green treads skimming his olive skin as they marched on to the front of the room. The emissaries of Earth and Guard of honor for the Prince’s betrothed.
“Not so great, if I’m being honest” Steve whispered, voice low to not disturb the other residents as they prepared themselves for bed. “I’m still wrapping my head around it”
through the holes.
Then he turned a deferent nod to Thor “No offense, my prince.”
“The kids?” Bruce echoed, face going slightly pale in the faint light.
I'm not very satisfied with this chapter, I hope you aren't let down of how I brought this on. Expect the next chapter in a couple of hours, since I will be unavailable most of next week I will try to post the chapters I have writen so far.
“Of course I will” He confirmed, his severe dark eye sparkling with humor “Someone has to do the talking, we send you off alone and next we know you’ll be fist fight with Odin himself”
Fury blinked his fierce eye once in befuddled horror “How did he even know of-?”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I just wanted to help…”
Mister Tom had not approved of him going to war. So much so that he preferred cut all ties with the boy he had practically raised than support his views of justice.
This must be a sign, Thor dared to hope, sprinting forth where his love stood, chatting softly with Heimdall and holding a small sac of spare clothing which Thor felt personally offended by. And Loki, standing sullen to the side and indifferent to the glares of the many, catching sight of his brother and sighing audibly.
” His voice thick with derision and panic, startling the God in its harshness. “Now I get to actually see them die…”
“Oh, Bitchslap!” Stark gasped “Captain America Bitchslapped Thor!”
Not yet, maybe not ever.
The archer proceeded to attach the tiny veil to the back of Thor’s head in small, intricate braids. His deft hands weaving his hair in an astonishing show of speed and skill.
He sat up and passed a heavy hand over his face, settling to a night where no sleep would be achieved, he rose from his fur covers and went in search of the only thing that could set his mind at peace in nights as this.
Thor startled and felt a guilty thrill at the statement, sending the impervious Captain a sideways glance as they stood patiently for the God to continue.
Thor grew somber and nodded.
The man blushed delightfully under Thor’s wanton attentions, all but spurring Thor on. “I would make you a fine husband.”
Odin could not be so cruel.
A familiar, feminine scream of pain cut Loki’s goading short, sending a flash of unholy fear though his body. Loki’s eyes caught Steve’s own in fright.
And he grasped the wrinkled, weathered hand on his shoulder with his own; holding the limb lovingly in his own strong, unmarked palms, and placed a kiss on the scared knuckles. Odin’s hand trembled for an unbearable second before all emotion was reigned in, masked once more from his son’s eye as he lifted his boy’s face to meet his blue eyes with his own, twin like orb.
Odin nodded sagely “Aye, he is”
“I love you” he sighed to her sweaty, blushed brow and held her close. With her in his arms, it was easier to do what he needed to. He closed his eyes and finally conceded: “I need you to notarize something”
Clint climbed out of the open vent with an acrobat’s grace, dressed in full combat gear, bow at the ready and saucy grin on his face. “What else? I’m here to bust you out”
“So I should be thanking you?” Tony snarled, still discomfited after the statement, ungrounded and reeling.
Master Bragi went eagerly and slammed the door behind his back in a very telling act of finality. Frigga frowned disapprovingly at the looming Director Fury.
Thor rubbed at his hand like a scolded child. Catching the eyes of the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, who were part of the Royal Betrothed’s Guard for the day. He smiled happily at his friends and waved. He was not reciprocated…
Ok now seriously, I will take some days to work on my school assignments before I fail. But you guys have been so sweet and supportive, I just wanted to give you one last parting gift before I leave you for my school work. Thanks to all who commented the earlier chapters, you guys are really an inspiration and the highlight of my days! Lots of Love!
“Hawkeye, I want you on the roof, keep an eye on the winning side and try to contain the fighting to the plaza.”
Loki fell silent, startling Thor in his obedience as he lifted his gaze to the wicked smirk of the dark-haired God “He will be, won’t he?”
The others nodded uncertainly but allowed the man’s words to stand and sat in silence.
Chapter 31: Farewell.
“So can we go now?” Quill asked, tone short and irritated as he fought the urge to tackle the Guardian who still held Gamora at the edge of his sword. Heimdall eyed him like he knew his intentions and dared him to try.
“It isn’t any fault of yours, Thor” The Captain said, voice empty now that his emotions had been poured forth to Thor’s lap.
The drunk man blinked some more before bowing with surprising poise for the positively giddy God. “Forgive me, my prince. My mistake.” And the man promptly sucker punched Thor in the stomach
“I did not know you fought so dirty, Captain” Thor taunted after Steve had dealt him yet another kick to the shins “I thought you a man of honor”
“You, Captain, showed me this and for your courage I am eternally grateful” Odin bowed his head to the Mortal and dozens of fainting bodies followed. Thor himself felt at the verge of a spell. Steven on the other hand was far more dignified as he bowed deeply for the king and spoke solemnly.
“Asgard decimated Ronan’s forces not long ago for it. Prince Thor heralded the destruction of his armies…”
“I don’t feel impressive”
Thor had never seen someone be shamed so severely, yet so delicately in his entire life. Diplomacy. Loki would call it, and Thor could finally see the thrill of learning it. If only it would make his blood boil in his veins at the sight of the severe Captain putting elderly politicians in their places. Even Odin had risen an impressed brow as the embarrassed Delegates had stopped their bickering and finally agreed on a trading treaty after years of going empty handed.
“Avengers!” The Director barked, joining the group of warriors “Ronan has the power stone on his hammer, if he so much as skims the floor with it he will destroy Asgard. Also try not to touch it, it tends to atomize anyone of the… Mortal persuasion.”
“Thor!” Frigga interrupted with a high cry, face frozen in a stiff smile as she hurried to her son’s side and began to pull at his large arms “Your father awaits you. I will care for the Captain now.”
------
The next morning Steve woke with the breaking rays of light, the house still and quiet in their sleep.
“Aye” He admitted, his face taking on a saddened, tired expression “I find myself weary”
And so he promptly took the pulsing cock back into his eager mouth, lips curling tight around the width and tongue swirling and flicking at the sensitive tip before sucking gently, lulling the man to a sense of easy attentions before rushing to a long, bobbing rhythm; taking the cock to the hilt in quick, punishing flow. His head thrusting up and down so harshly it jolted the Soldier’s body and prompted soft shrieks of the bed springs under.
“Thank you, Steven”
That night after a silent dinner with his parents, Thor wandered the halls in a state of unease. Many problems ailed his mind and as he could not settle, he decided to solve the one that was most obvious.
Frigga shook her head minutely, trying and failing to meet Thor’s inquiring eyes when caught in Loki’s beseeching,
He could almost see Bucky roll his eyes in heaven.
Ok, so things are happening on my side, and I decided to upload this now instead of later, I don't know how often I will update again, probably not again this week. I hope you guys enjoy this and give me your thoughts on the plot line. Writing baby!Steve got me cooing like an idiot. Also, I have a bit of a playlist for this fic, I found out. Would anyone be interested in having me posting it in the first chapter or as a side story? Let me know in the comments. Kudos!
Pepper smiled. “He is, I will… Goodbye Captain”
After that hearty breakfast, Steven insisted in taking a bath, by himself, much to Thor’s vocal discontent (mostly jesting, mostly). And the Captain admitted some troubles to slip out of his suit, having slept in the armor had done no favors for the Soldier, as his sullen expression belied.
“Listen to them” Heimdall said, allowing a moment for Tony to hear the steady sting of gunfire, metal clashes and screams, so many screams. Tony’s gauntlets began to shake. “Help me stop this, bring the Captain to me, and we will be gone; no more will die”
“Widow, I want you on the Jet, clear the path to the doors, we need to get the representatives out of there before it get’s ugly”
She smiled most graciously and took the tiny artifact from Steven’s protective hold, her blue eyes twinkling in open delight. “It’s soo tiny” she cooed, an almost childish expression as she turned to the mortified Soldier. “It won’t be used for some time, but it was very kind of you to think of us, Captain. Thank you”
Thor now knew of it, and was accosted by shadows everywhere he went, seeing enemies in everyone who inquired after his betrothed and cutting them short with jealous sneers.
Glistering wetness gathered on blue orbs to join the shaky pout and Loki broke.
“Yes, the horse and a serpent?”
The God’s thoughts swam around the damage caused and he could only reach the one conclusion.
“Yep, you’re going to love them” Clint replied nonchalantly, already duking into the house with hurried steps, followed closely by Natasha. A series of excited screams burst from the inside as Laura ushered them warmly into the fray. Steve saw Clint with a small boy in his arms and Natasha with a young girl curled tightly around her waist. Both startling out of character and just right. The way Natasha curved in and covered the girl with her body, pressing kisses to her brown head. The loving grip of Clint’s bare arms around the small frame of a boy carbon copied version of his face. This was them.
