Until the next day.
She stops by the Language Office, pleasantly surprised to find it empty. No Dean, Kelly, or Castiel in sight. Daphne quickly gathers her freshmen pop quizzes to grade this weekend and her copy of
“If you need to urinate, Bass, do it now,” Rowena sniffs.
“Honestly?” Dean spent all day putting things in boxes, Adler has been breathing down his neck for the past week to get the Q2 reports in before Monday, and he’s got to buy a present for Eileen’s birthday next weekend. “I’m pretty wiped. I might call it in. I’ve got a big day of moving tomorrow.”
Wart’s eyes widen. He releases a series of rapid chirps, hopping in place in his agitation.
Castiel’s brow furrows. “I thought I already said I knew who you were?”
“It’s fine,” Castiel says wryly, not the least embarrassed by his state of undress. His old prep school tended to spit out boys who had no shame at all when it came to nudity or boys who had a panic attack if they had to take off their clothes. Castiel came out of that crucible decidedly on the former end of the spectrum.
“Sorry.”
Dean pushes Sam off him and runs a hand through his hair in a useless attempt to look like he wasn't just angling to give his brother a noogie to end all noogies once their positions were reversed. And they totally would have been; Dean was just regrouping while Sam caught him by surprise.
“I know, but if I start moving right now, I will come in one minute, I promise you,” Castiel says through gritted teeth, reddening to the roots of his hair. He exhales a strained sigh,
“There is no try, only what I did or did not do,” Cas answers with a strange, defeated expression.
“But it isn’t happening to-”
“Try midnight,” Sam says with a yawn.
“I definitely didn’t say that-”
Dean nearly trips over his own feet, glaring at the two of them. Sam, Dean can understand. They’re brothers - Dean once stole Sam’s prom date right from under his nose on prom night. Pulling their punches isn’t really their thing.
Dean screeched back,
“Hello, Kelly,” Castiel says, his deep voice sending a frisson down her spine like it always does.
“Thank you?” Cas says, nonplussed.
Dean wouldn’t even be in his apartment, but Castiel’s roommate took off in the morning for a day of grading essays in the main library, and Dean’s upstairs neighbor made some sort of eye-watering chili for lunch that practically smoked him out. As Castiel had zero desire to have sex with Dean on some secluded park bench or, God forbid, his office at the university, he brought Dean back to his place for the first time.
He turns to Jack. “You realize what you’ve done now?”
Dean deserves to be happy with his life and his work, but he’d also hardly welcome a nobody little alpha telling him to simply... do what he wants and damn the consequences.
“What mile-” Dean cuts himself off as another illustration slips out behind the one of Cas. It flutters to the table.
“I needed a better baseline now I’m human because you and Sam are not ‘normal’ by any definition of the word,” Cas sniffs.
“I am not comfortable discussing my personal life with colleagues,” Castiel says stiltedly.
“Kelly?”
Cas frowns at him but pours out another cup anyway. He places a finger on the edge of Dean’s untouched plate. “Do you not want it?” Castiel asks, eyebrows rising. “Because I haven’t taken
Aaron laughs. “Sure.”
Dean cuts him off with a kiss before Cas can get the rest of that stupid song stuck in their heads.
“Then you should’ve gone with
Castiel raises his eyebrows as he leans over Dean to finish grabbing the tissues himself. “You’re on suppressants?”
Dean grins. “I’ll do you one better. Meat lover’s?”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’ve seen several of your films.”
Dean nods.
Dean sprawls out on the couch. He might as well get comfortable if he’s going to be staying here for an hour.
“I just did.”
"'S nothing," Dean repeats. "You got grub?"
“Fuck, Cas-” Dean cries out, his fingers tangling in the sheets to keep him anchored.
“One,” Dean says promptly.
“Exactly,” Jo says. “Benny is busy,” she says, tipping her head towards where Benny is adding more flour to a huge bowl.
[its_happening.gif]
“Killing a child is not ‘under control’-”
Sam slides his phone back into his pocket. “Do you have that sort of intel on Mountaintop? A client list? Detailed assets?”
A frisson travels up Dean’s spine. He doesn’t ignore it.
Castiel chuckles. “Yes, I do know a professor at Cornell who is studying just that. But my focus is much closer to home. I study,” he inhales a small breath, “tribute bands.”
HOLD ON - according to Dean and Castiel’s interview with GLAAD, it took them ten years to get together. Dean has tattoos of a flaming star and Cas’s handprint.
Cas takes it as a question - even though it isn’t because Wart is a frog. “Because they would take Jack away from me. And the worst would be having no hand in his upbringing at all instead of all of it.”
“Oh,” Castiel says, meeting his eyes briefly before he continues his perusal of Dean’s body, memorizing every divot and hard plane of muscle.
Dean swallows. “Me neither,” he says honestly.
Castiel can smell the exact moment that Dean puts it together. Dean’s scent rushes, hot and strong, between them, and Castiel’s teeth itch with the urge to sink into Dean’s mating gland on his neck.
Cas’s blood boils. How dare Dean come here and try to trick him. Cas already knew they were no longer friends after all he’s done, but he had thought Dean had the decency, the respect, to meet him face-to-face. But no, he resorted to subterfuge, to magic - which Dean hates more than anything.
“Gesture?” Dean echoes, “What the hell are you on, man? I don’t kiss random dudes because I feel bad for them, Christ.”
Cas sighs. “I told you my feelings ran deeper than a simple love spell. I told you, I’ve admired you, cared about you, loved you since before we ever ran into that witch.”
Dean knocks on the door. “Time for checkout!”
If Dean is as nervous as Cas is, he doesn’t show it. His lips are confident as they press back - not hungry, not hurried, not desperate - but languid, like Dean knows they have all the time in the world.
Cas glances at his Dean over his shoulder. “I forgot how stubborn you used to be.”
“Like Swayze?” Cas asks, resigned, as Sam sighs loudly.
Dean doesn’t have an answer for her.
Yours,
Dean huffs an irritated breath, his heart beating erratically in his chest at the look in Cas’s eye. “Go on,” he says through gritted teeth. “Take it.”
It’s not enough.
Cas rolls his eyes. “You’re welcome to try,” he grumbles as Dean leads him towards his bed. “But for now, I’d like to bring you to orgasm with my mouth.”
“He had a boyfriend in high school,” Dean says with a grin.
Benny shoots her a half-fond, half-exasperated look. “To be fair, I didn’t know you were following me.”
Cas turns to Jack. “That was odd, wasn’t it?”
Kelly eyes them both curiously, but before she can ask, Aaron interrupts, “Did you guys hear about Krissy and Aidan? I think they are
Gabriel even stops by once Chuck starts slurring his words. “Think it’s time to cut you off, old man,” Gabriel says as he leaves a pitcher of water on the table. He surveys them all thoughtfully. “So these are your replacement kids?”
Sam frowns. “That’s not true.”
Jack finds him after a few attempts, nearly falling over as he tilts his head to see that far up. He is rather top-heavy, but Cas’s parenting books assure him it’s only temporary.
Dean passes frat row without an ounce of regret but with a whole ton of nerves. He’s practically vibrating out of his skin by the time he reaches the hall where the Association is having their party. He slips through the door and follows the noise of the people and music, down the stairs and into a wide room filled with people he doesn’t know. He scans the crowd, looking for Cas’s distinctive cape or Charlie’s hair, but everyone’s colorful costumes keep catching his eye instead.
James’s handwriting is neat, so Dean doesn’t even have the excuse of not being able to read a digit or two.
Cas laughs lightly; Dean grins; and silence falls between them.
Dean turns to her in surprise. “Darla?” he repeats, scouring his memory. “I don’t know any - oh, Layla,” he says quietly. “Layla Rourke.”
As Cas shuffles guiltily in place, Dean wracks his brains for a reason - any reason - why Cas would keep a secret like this.
, Dean’s wallet in her hands.
In his room, Dean crosses his arms over his chest as Cas closes the door behind them. “What?” Dean says defensively. “If you’re looking for an apology - I’m sorry, okay? I know I fucked up.”
“I need a collar. Like, a real one.”
Cas smiles. “I’m glad.”
It takes a moment for Dean to get what he’s seeing. Everyone in the illustration is fully clothed, first of all. It shows a darkened, windowless room. An outsized television illuminates the three figures watching an episode of Scooby Doo. One of the men is sprawled out on a recliner, Sam’s long, hippie hair a dead giveaway. Another man is asleep in the second recliner, covered in a draped trenchcoat - Cas? No, there's a third guy standing above the second, his elbows braced on the back of the recliner, his fingers tangled in Dean’s hair as Dean sleeps on.
Castiel doesn’t bother pretending to protest this time as Jo barges into the kitchen, the telltale scent of sugary apples wafting around her like a palpable shield. Castiel has already braced himself for heartbreak where Dean Winchester is concerned. He might as well take advantage of every interaction he has left.
Dean feels faint. He glances down at Cas’s hands and jerks his gaze back up to his face. He can’t think about how those hands have been all over his collars, testing their strength, feeling for their softness, fastening them for the first time-
Cas can only stare.
At the sight of Wart in his bowl, Jack lets out a squeal. His eyes glow gold, and Wart chirps in alarm as he zooms across the kitchen.
“We all have names,” he says reasonably, “I’m Cas. The baby is Jack.” He rests the broom for a moment. “How do you like ‘Wart’?”
“I do not have amnesia,” Cas drawls, poking at a particularly large word,
blanket.”
Cas nods, his expression clearing with understanding. “How did you know that?”
“Fuck!” Dean’s hips buck violently, seeking more of that delicious heat, but Cas keeps him still with a hand that might as well have been made of iron. And, Jesus, if that not pinging all of Dean’s buttons. Dean groans as Cas gives a particularly hard pull.
Dean’s expression softens. “Yeah.” He coughs and fiddles with the remote. “So what’s the magic word this time?”
Dean smiles and holds out his hand. “I prefer confidence.”
Dean nods fervently. “Yours,” he agrees, his breathing ragged and chest heaving with the effort.
Aaron and Kelly share a loaded look. Aaron is the first one to speak, “I think we’re good this time.”
“Listen harder! What kind of an assistant are you?”
Cas raises the blade, and it hovers an inch away from his throat. “How are we getting back, specifically?”
The automatic doors to Nine Spheres open, hitting them with a burst of perfectly conditioned air. Dean hasn’t stepped foot in the hotel since Cas paid for his stay, but it hasn’t changed one bit. The same tiered giant chandelier glitters overhead. Giant pillars bracket the concierge desk to the left and the enormous staircase to the right that leads up to the second floor rooms. The tiled floor, so polished Dean can practically see his reflection, stretches the length of the lobby.
“The spell has been nullified,” Rowena announces smugly. “No need to pay me. Samuel has already seen to my… reimbursement.”
Wart cautiously picks his way up Cas’s body until he rests on his sternum.
Dean spins around in a circle, panic racing through his veins. He was so stupid, thinking that, what, Cas’s love for him would show him the way?
“I wasn’t sure you liked Taylor Swift,” Showerus continued.
Cas chews on his lip, his gaze boring into Dean’s face. “Does this mean you… are bisexual?”
Dean tries the floor below him first because why climb stairs when he can just walk down?
“Yeah, and telling Sam to book it to Washington without a voice or opposable thumbs was no picnic,” Dean says darkly. “The idiot spent three days insisting he could break it himself even though I
“Indeed,” Castiel murmurs, awkwardly maneuvering them so he’s not lying on top of Dean’s sweaty body. As Dean rolls onto his side, his muscles tense, and Castiel can’t help coming again with a weak groan - a little more painful than pleasurable.
"I listened to a Taylor Swift song on the radio yesterday, and I liked it. I liked it a lot."
Castiel shakes his head ruefully. “That can’t have been pleasant.”
“I didn’t need to,” Cas says primly as he flips his menu to inspect their vegetarian offerings with minimal interest. “You have a distinctive tone of voice when you’re going to ask me about new sex acts we haven’t tried.”
Cas touches the inside of his wrist, his expression turning almost shy. “Of course, when I first pictured introductions, it was strictly as a friend. I don’t really know anyone else in this city well, and I’ve told you about my difficulty in social situations, so it would’ve been more for moral support than anything else. But after this evening -”
Dean draws up short. “What d’you mean every-?”
Dean makes a face. “Shit, I already told Benny I’d go to Sigma Theta. Sorry, man.”
“According to Jo, he’s the best - I hadn’t seen it for myself before, though,” Dean says, equally impressed and horrified.
“Does it really matter?” Dean’s eyebrows rise in challenge. “I said I’m not gonna hurt him, and I won’t. You don’t believe me?”
Dean shakes his head, glancing down at their linked hands in wonder. “If I was about to see Robert Plant himself, I’d still say no.”
Dean snickers. “I must’ve missed the latest comics run.”
Dean grabbed his shampoo bottle and bobbed his head as he sang into it,
Stalking you on the internet.
Unspoken message received, Dean falls heavily onto the edge of his bed, half-facing away from Cas. A riot of feelings he’d rather drink away are duking it out underneath his ribcage, but, in a burst of trademark Winchester forethought, he already finished off his bedroom emergency stash. “We don’t gotta talk about it, man,” he says to his hands.
“You love me?” Cas asks cautiously. He can’t leave this up to tacit interpretation, not with so much on the line.
Castiel freezes and sends up a silent prayer of thanks for the apron covering his lower half over his pants. “It’s good?” he tries, but it's futile. Dean is clearly beyond speech.
“You want to bail?” Dean demands, his voice rising.
Time for the big guns.
Cas narrows his eyes. “I think you could do anything you set your mind to,” he says with that patented-Cas sincerity that Dean would call bullshit with anyone else. Cas continues, “Twenty-seven percent of restaurants fail in their first year, but I have every confidence in you beating the odds.”
Dean’s mouth twists. “They’re the better parts. Omegas are always the damsels in distress, or get killed off first for the plot.”
Cas found him, sitting alone in the restaurant, head in his hands. Dean didn’t cry - he would have to be actively dying to cry in public - but he looked broken in a way Cas had never seen before.
“It starts as a tiny seed, a wee obsession,” Rowena explains, “and grows and grows until it consumes you.” She squints, wiggling her fingers, and Dean just barely stops himself from jumping in front of Cas on instinct. “I’d say the spell’s gone about halfway through its course.”
Oh shit.
“I looked into it. I didn’t need a degree to become an apiarist,” Castiel continues. “But there was so much pressure from my family - I still didn’t go into business, medicine, or law, but academia was just reputable enough to maintain my seat at the dinner table.”
“My boss needs a room in the top five floors of your hotel. It can’t face the parking lot. You got that?”
Dean sighs and drains his glass.
Dean braces both elbows against the desk and slides Cas’s book towards him, idly flipping through the pages. “How many siblings do you have?”
Castiel blushes.
Dean chokes on nothing, eyes wide and panicked. “What the fuck dude? And you let me spill my guts like that?”
“Seriously?”
Castiel’s sister, Anna, an actual fan, spent a memorable dinner ranting about how all the prejudiced reporters on the press tour. Apparently they only asked Dean about the diet and exercise routine that transformed him into a “real” alpha, while, in the next round, his alpha castmates fielded questions about their characters’ moral code and complex development.
Dean inhales sharply, his fingers twisting in the sheets, as Cas bends down lower to lick the head. The wet, slick touch is gone too soon, and Dean moans at the loss, “C’mon, Cas.”
I’ve been hearing stuff, Cas, and I’m scared out of my fucking mind. About men who live like us. They’re getting sick and dying and nobody knows why.
“You freelance.”
Castiel shoves his hands in his pockets. “I’m sorry.”
“Finally?” Dean echoes.
Castiel
“I borrowed my sister’s car and dented the side door. I blamed my younger brother when she found out.”
Dean just gives him a thumbs up as he lowers the cup. He licks his lips, chasing the taste, and Castiel has seen pornography less graphic.
caught wind of where they were hiding, who knew what havoc they could bring into Jack’s life.
“Seriously?” Dean asks, staring at Cas in horror. “You couldn’t have made the solution, like, Led Zeppelin lyrics?”
Jo elbows her way to the front. “Goddammit,” she says, sounding completely unsurprised as she stands next to Jody. “Really, guys?”
It’s the most riveting performance Castiel has ever seen.
a few times.
One corner of Dean’s mouth lifts in a distinctly smug smirk. “’Cause she was going bankrupt, and she had to sell her last property to me.”
“No, shit,” Dean swears, “You
“Jack!”
He finds Daphne in one of the far booths, tucked away with Castiel and Dean, surprise, surprise. After snagging another beer at the bar, he slides in next to Daphne. “What’s up?” he asks the three of them.
Castiel doesn’t say anything for a long moment. “Very similar to how he is now,” he says, which doesn’t tell Aaron much. “Charming. Caring. Intelligent in the strangest of ways.” Castiel pauses. “Handsome.”
“You would have known,” Cas points out, “if you’d ever bothered to ask.”
“Good luck.”
Glowering, Cas strides across the length of the garage. “Yes, it is.” He peers inside and pushes the hair back from the corpse's face. Cas's brow furrows as he squints down at it. “Is it human?”
Dean just groans.
As Dean hesitates in explaining himself further, Cas prompts, “Alright?”
After a beat of no elaboration, Cas prods, “By?”
Chirping angrily, Wart makes a wild leap for the stroller, but Cas has already started pushing Jack out the door, so Wart lands with a despondent slap on the floor a few inches too short. He croaks what must be frog profanities as Cas carefully shuts the door behind them.
Cas’s eyebrows rise. “You seem agitated.”
I still don’t get it
Dean’s eyes narrow in suspicion. “Are you fucking with me? That doesn’t sound real.”
“Lemme guess, you could have handled it?” Dean asks rhetorically as Cas maneuvers the younger Dean’s body onto a nearby bench.
Castiel turns bright red. He can’t bring himself to respond to that offer, so he changes the subject.
what gives?
“I’m not surprised,” Cas says as he gestures Ambriel closer and hands her Dean’s meal order so they can keep talking.
"Oh, no, I normally wear clothes in public," Cas says quickly.
stumble out.
Dean tips back his cup, his expression falling into pure bliss. “Christ, that’s even better when I’m not hungover.”
we were going to the movies. You said we were going to the movies.”
Sam rolls his eyes and pushes a letter towards Dean. “No, not me and Cas, jerk.”
Kelly giggles. “Why d’you think I’m over here instead of egging him on like Jo and Charlie.”
“Because you provide such an excellent model of restraint and forethought,” Cas mutters.
Shivers course up Cas’s spine. “For what?” he asks, straightening in his seat.
“Negative information sticks with us longer and more strongly than any positive counterpart,” Castiel says with a shrug. “It’s something I always keep in mind when reading my course reviews after the semester is over.”
The man, Castiel Novak, by the smudged nameplate, glances around, like he’s waiting for someone else to call him away. When nobody appears, he says awkwardly, “I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester, but your room isn’t ready yet.”
“Indeed,” Cas murmurs. His eyes flick down to Dean’s mouth.
Dean moans, his hips twisting in every direction, his whole body strung tight as a board.
Trilling his agreement, Wart takes off for the trees again.
to the mix, and they’re gonna have to drag me out of here, kicking and screaming.”
Dean’s eyes widen, and he makes a very strange noise above the rim of his coffee cup. “That’s not…” He drifts off, going red in the face, “No… just no.”
Castiel frowns. “Do you really want to know?” He’s had too many conversations with strangers and casual friends who have asked the exact same question and regretted asking it almost immediately.
Dean clears his throat. “Hey - you’re in my yard.”
While Castiel might not know as much about Dean as some movie-goers, he hasn’t been living under a rock for the past five years. It was all over the papers when Dean was cast in his first alpha role. Dean wasn’t the first omega actor to do so, but he was certainly the most prominent.
“Don’t be sorry,” Cas says at once. “I’ve witnessed plenty of premature ejaculations.”
Face falling, Castiel reins in his disappointment and rejection as best he can. “No, not unbreakable,” he echoes, his voice hollow.
Castiel glances between Sam and Dean and back again, hopelessly confused.
“Because he’s mine,” Cas growls, all but grabbing Jack out of Dean’s arms. He clutches him close, probably too close, judging by Jack’s muffled whine of protest. “And you will not do anything to him.”
“All the collars I make are ‘real.’” Dean can almost hear the frown in his voice.
“You’d better,” Dean says, stepping back. “I’ve been talking to cops all day, and lemme tell you, they can’t take a joke
“You’re being unreason-”
A few steps away, Dean catches sight of him, and it’s like some magic switch is flipped on, and he is Dean Winchester again.
“The key word being
Cas slows the stroller, taking in the scenery for his own benefit. The route of flowers is perfect, and Cas will never tire of watching everything play out according to nature’s plan. His favorite spot on the trail lies only a few paces away, so Cas takes the next fork that will bring them to a little patch of grass by the water’s edge.
Stiffly, Dean shakes his head again. “I haven’t met him. Not really. We - we communicate in the shower -
He can do this.
The dude was attractive, at least, and the first thing he did after bumping into Dean was apologize. But he was wearing a tailored suit and glued to his phone, so it definitely could have been better.
Dean wanders out as Castiel is slicing up a banana onto slices of bread slathered in peanut butter at the white marble-topped kitchen island. He’d cleared a little space for his plate, but it’s mostly covered with unopened mail, weighed down by a surprisingly heavy statue of an orange blimp.
“Jumping.”
“But the cosmic consequences-”
Sam snorts.
Castiel snorts as he raises a hand to gently rake his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean shivers against him, letting out a pleased hum, and relaxes.
“And how long does that take?”
Dean sighs, muttering, “Of course you don’t.” He doesn’t look up, so he misses Cas’s flinch. “You drive a hybrid car. You freak out if you don’t return your library books on time. You have nothing
Castiel sighs. Honesty was a mistake. He mutters, embarrassed, “I’m not a very big fan of sweets.”
Dean’s heart sinks with every reminder of Cas’s greatest hits. “Come on…”
When Dean first approached him in a bar after a long day of lecturing 250 half-asleep freshmen, Castiel would have taken him up on his offer even if Dean didn’t look like a movie star fresh out of a blockbuster Western, slightly affected drawl and all.
Castiel waves his protests away. As he slides on a pair of boxers that may or may not be Dean’s, he says, “You’ll be providing the food while we watch Star Trek, yes?”
CASTIEL HAS A TUMBLR.
Dean squints at the screen before he hands it back. “It’s all Klingon to me, dude.”
“I -”
Gingerly, the frog unsticks itself and hops into his hand.
“Fine,” Dean growls as Sam stares at the both of them in alarm. He scrapes back his chair from the library table. “Movie night.
“Being a frog must have been very awkward for you.”
“Gross,” Daphne says, nose wrinkling.
with Cas yet then. Whenever it came to mind, it was just a fun thought experiment, an idle
“Hey, Castiel,” Daphne interrupts, “Dean was telling us the funniest story about you from way back-”
Cas’s eyes are wide with surprise, and his cape is askew. A vibrant assortment of mardi gras beads hang around his neck, and someone’s covered his dark hair with about ten different shades of dye. He looks like a rainbow attacked him and then threw up on him for good measure.
To his surprise, instead of demanding Jo bring him his coffee from now on, Dean laughs. “Not a fan of apple pie?”
“I got that one for myself, thanks,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “There are more words on your back, did you know that?”
“Nothing,” Castiel lies. At the slight fall in Dean’s expression, he adds, “I cleaned my kitchen over the weekend.”
“I was doing research,” Dean says quickly as Sam flips it open.
Jo shrugs and pops a grape from her fruit salad in her mouth. “No idea. Just, one day, he contacts me out of the blue and says he knows all about my heists.”
“Are you here to drag us outta dodge or-” Dean’s eyes narrow. “What are you wearing?”
I’m actually not too bummed about getting Garth
He also bailed out twenty-three animal shelters and counting.
Cas takes a seat and reaches for his laptop. As he wakes the machine up, Wart hops in between his two hands, blinking curiously at the computer. His dark, horizontally slitted pupils reflect the bright screen.
“You’re welcome, Dean.”
“- tells me to go for it - ‘it’ being something I’d thought of doing for years - is there any real reason why I shouldn’t?”
“Do you have a name?” she asks, intrigued. “A picture?”
Cas checks on Jack, sound asleep at his end of the bed.
“I love you.” Dean shakes his head, laughing under his breath. “You’re such a jackass.”
So hot! Bravo.
Castiel raises his eyebrows at the name.
"You know who whines, Sammy?" Dean says as he fends off Sam's retaliatory strike. "Babies."
Rowena looks up, blinking guilelessly at them. “Of course! It’s one of the most basic spells a witch can learn. I had it whipped up in a jiffy.”
“Plus,” Jody says loftily, “I’ve been dating Donna for six months, and you don’t see me dragging her into supply closets, do you?” And into the stunned silence, Jody stands up to leave.
“I bet,” Dean says as he reaches his hand inside his coat and pulls out his angel blade.
Summary: Fed up with his life in 18th century high society, Dean's plan is simple: sneak out during his brother's 14th birthday ball and stowaway on
Castiel just shakes his head. “I’m not homophobic. Dean can attest to that.”
Castiel is elbow-deep in suds when Jo plunks a medium to-go cup on the edge of the sink. “Thank you?” he says, bemused.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. "I put that one together for myself, thanks. You’re not doing anything dark, right?" Because if the guy is doing black magic on Dean's property, Rowena's about to get a hell of a wake up call. Beauty sleep be damned.
i just love that D & B sit that close together without thinking about it. Yup nothin to see here officer, just two boys sitting this close together cause it's not gay
“Alright, alright,” Dean grumbles as he starts the engine with one hand and cranks down the window with the other. As they pull past Sam, Dean sticks his arm out the window, middle finger up.
Dean shoots him a look before turning back to Amara.
“Dean,” Cas says, leaning forward so they’re practically nose-to-nose, “If you’re really concerned about coming too soon, I can get you hard again.”
“I know what I did,” Dean cuts her off bitterly. He runs a hand through his hair. “If it matters at all, I had no idea about her tumor when I did that job. It was just migraines, as far as we knew. And by the time I did-”
Cas smiles as he bends over to retrieve the spoon, still hovering in the air above Wart. To Jack, he says, “I’m not sure Wart likes that much sweet potato.” He sets the spoon back in the bowl and gets up for a napkin to wipe Wart off. But by the time he returns, Wart has mostly cleaned himself off, his long pink tongue darting out to pick up bits of orange mush.
“Oh,” Dean says, blinking a few times in shock, “awesome. That’s awesome.”
He hears the occupants of the room before he reaches the door itself.
Castiel shrugs helplessly. “You’re … you. You’re famous. Why would you ask me?”
“It’s a legitimate area of study,” Castiel assures him. “I research music as it pertains to culture and diverse elements of social life. Ethnomusicology focuses not only on the music itself but music as a social process, as a medium for humans to relate to each other. In short, it examines how music functions in a particular society.”
“But you’re a goddamn
Almost passed this up because of the ship, but I’m a sucker for 1st person POV. Your Dean voice was on fucking point. Your Cas needs work tho
Ego the size of a monster truck and walks around like she’s God’s gift to omegas everywhere,” Dean scoffs. “Typical.”
Cas tilts his head, a rueful expression coming over his face. “I didn’t think it was a secret.”
Dean reaches over and shoves six french fries in his mouth. “Don’t you dare.”
“C’mon, you can’t
“Oh, apart from that?” Dean echoes mockingly, but his words lack any heat. He crams a few fries into his mouth. “I asked my agent to send me a few more scripts with omega roles,” he mutters.
“Are you sure?”
Dean snorts.
Jo takes a step back towards the door. “You’ll see. Just… don’t make a big deal of it.”
Interrupting his train of thought,
“What’s going on?” Daphne asks curiously.
Dean’s jaw clenches. He can’t take it back, but he can’t say it again.
Cas rises to his feet, but before he can go investigate himself,
“What- oh,” Cas says, his eyes flicking down to Dean’s lips before back up again. “Yes?” He points. “They’re all the way down there, though, so they can’t -”
Fine. That’s how he’s always operated, anyway.
“Do you have eyes on them?”
Cas’s whole torso inflates with the depth of his sigh. “No,” he says, but the word is muffled and has zero conviction behind it.
Dean studies Castiel closely. He shows no outward display of lying, but those can be overcome (Dean is a walking, talking example of that). “I have no idea-”
“I think I’m doing the right thing, but how can I know for certain that he won’t grow up like his father?” Cas shakes his head. “Dean raised Sam, practically on his own, and he was a child himself. It shouldn’t be this hard for a being my age who has watched countless generations of humans raise each other.” He swallows. “And yet it is.”
“At least he didn’t give you love interests,” Sam says darkly, throwing his Kindle into the back seat, “and kill them all off for
Cas checks the secret measurer again. “I think one big one might do it,” he says hopefully.
“Oh, hey, thanks Jody-o!” Donna beams.
“God, why?”
Dean snorts. “Of course you don’t because I’m a jackass who can’t just come out and say it, which is stupid. Telling you won’t change anything.”
"Castiel," naked guy says, head tilting as he studies Dean curiously.
Dean cuts him off with a heated kiss.
“A beginning,” Castiel says wryly.
“Yeah, no shit,” Sam says, running a weary hand down his face.
“Are we - are they - is it more Sam slash Dean?” Dean asks in a faint voice.
At least Benny always brings snacks from Thursday’s Cooking Club.
Castiel smiles. “I’d like that, thank you.” He hefts his shoulder bag higher. “I grew up here, but it’s been a number of years since I spent a long time in this school district. I don’t remember a Fizzle’s Folly.”
Face hardening, Dean turns on his heel. “You were right about one thing. I guess I do have more important things to do than staying here with you.”
“Or maybe not,” Dean says, amused, as Jack closes his eyes again.
Dean’s laughter dies a quick mercy death.
“Damn right.”
And Cas had missed his chance.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says. “You don’t look good.”
He opens the door to find Sam holding Jack awkwardly above a rock covered in moss.
“You don’t seem all that messed up about it,” Dean says frankly. He gestures to Cas’s face, his own brow furrowed in consternation.
“Weird.”
Cas turns to Wart. “I believe a werewolf is responsible.”
Cas raises an imperious brow. “So what would you rather talk about, if not your poorly-thought out plan to woo Lisa back into your arms by breaking into her apartment and declaring your undying love?”
Cas’s expression takes a swift dive from embarrassed to mortified. “And friends,” he tacks on. He takes a step closer, staring at Dean’s face in wonder. “But you’re also my soulmate.”
of all people was staying with Cas at his place in southern California, and he recommended Dean.
For the first time, Castiel falters. He hadn't gotten that far in his thought processes. “Where?”
“A garden of,” Sam pauses, clearly trying not to laugh, “love?”
I’m laying it all out there because it’s not like I’m sticking around to see what happens next.
Bones’s present arrives a week later.
“Hey, what you need - hell, what we both need - is a win,” Dean says reassuringly. “Everything’s been such shit, you need a reminder to keep going.” He gets up from his seat, his legs itching to move. “Why don’t you tell me more about that man of yours?” he asks quickly, his words nearly tripping over themselves to get out before the regret sets in. “Maybe that’s the key to getting your head back in the game.”
“He must’ve talked to everybody else,” Dean says bitterly. “The details… that’s not in any police record or newspaper expose.”
The high-heeled shoe hits him squarely in the forehead.
Dean grins. “You’re a lot more fun than Jo,” he says lightly, “so I’m not complainin’.”
“You could’ve borrowed one of mine,” Dean says fairly.
“I thought you preferred ‘trusting,’” Dean jokes, and it only sounds a little forced.
Sam takes one look at the screen, grimacing, as he clicks the mouse forcefully. “Really, Dean?” he gripes. “Cas was sitting
Castiel hesitates. “Why is it weird that I cleaned my kitchen?” He frowns. “I suppose you employ someone to do that for you.”
A vibrant flush crawls up Dean’s neck, over his cheeks. “Shut up.”
“Hey, I
Dean mouths his name once, his brow furrowing at the unfamiliar syllables. With a small shrug of capitulation he says, “Well, Cas, thanks for the drink.” He toasts him one before tipping the cup all the way back, draining it.
Castiel’s mouth falls open, a horrified snicker escaping him despite his best efforts. “That was
Castiel tilts his head, studying both brothers thoughtfully. “I wouldn’t mind watching the Lord of the Rings and eating pizza with Sam.”
“I’m not bustin’ out the champagne,” Dean grumbles as they enter the city limits. “I can’t believe he made my baby a
Castiel waves his students out.
“I could ask Dean how he did it,” Cas says dully, “but I won’t. I can’t risk it.”
at my place so you’ll finally get my hilarious Harvard jokes.”
“Alright, well, I’ll let you deal with Joanna Beth on your own,” Dean says as he pulls out his wallet and hands Castiel a folded bill. He gives a mocking salute as he takes a step back. “Good luck, dude.”
Dean snorts. “You don’t have to tell me twice. You haven’t hit rock bottom until you’ve had a turkey TV dinner at the Royale Motel in Scranton, Pennsylvania, on Thanksgiving.”
Cas crouches by the lake, dipping his fingers in the freezing water. Minnows swim, unaware of their presence, only a few feet away. He turns his head as Jack makes a noise of surprise.
“Who the hell are you supposed to be, Captain Rainbow Pants?” Dean calls, still laughing as Cas gets within earshot.
Worried, Cas nudges him to the side of the bowl.
Once Cas told him about his business trip to his neck of the woods, Dean had taken one look at the numbers on his arm counting down and did the math. He would meet his soulmate smack dab in the middle of Cas’s window in Chicago.
Dean’s eyes narrow. “You’re not?”
The woman perched on the edge of the bed lets out an ear-splitting shriek as the man swears, spinning around and grabbing a blanket to cover himself.
for him to think about during a dry spell. Like his fantasies about fucking Ginger from Gilligan’s Island. Or hatesex with Bela Talbot.
Dean splutters, “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Dean swallows. He pulls at a wrinkle in the sheets. “You so sure about that?”
Soon, far too fucking soon, Dean feels the telltale tingles of an oncoming orgasm.
Castiel pauses. “Did your hangover eliminate your manners?”
Jesus Christ, how many pairs of shoes did this woman bring? He backtracks and shuts the door behind him, breathing heavily. Pissed off and confused, he makes his way back to the office.
The smile slides off Kelly’s face. “Jody!” she says, spinning around to meet their Principal, holding a paper cup of coffee, and trailed by what looks like half the Edlund High teachers.
?” his Dean says, placing a frankly absurd amount of emphasis on the term of endearment.
"Later." Dean swings his bag around front and pulls out his baggie of plastic teeth molds. "I wouldn't have pegged you as a Halloween type of dude," he says good-naturedly as they hike up the steps and pass through the double doors.
God knows Castiel railed enough about the unfairness of Dean Winchester to Gabriel enough over the past few weeks.
Dean freezes. “Sorry,” he says belatedly.
“I have plans to fuck you on your living room couch as the sun rises over the river.”
,” Dean says, pushing his sunglasses up his nose. “You’re the one who saved my hide.” He sidles forward and shoves a bill into Castiel’s slack hand. Without another word, he takes off out of the alley and onto the street.
Dean met Lisa no fewer than two weeks later.
This is wonderful. You perfectly captured Sam’s face when he gets to use the gong.
Fuck.
He lays down on the bed, careful not to dislodge Wart.
Cas ducks his head, and Dean just glimpses reddening cheeks. Interesting. Cas mutters, “I may have looked you up on social media - once.” He moves to a particularly good spot on Bones’s belly, since his hind leg starts kicking like crazy. “For your first order, you said you didn’t care about what color it was. But I at least had to know your coloring.”
“Has Dean mentioned anything about him? Is he single?”
Dean is a celebrity.
Dean’s mouth lifts into a small smile, and it’s like the sun rising through the early morning fog. “You too, man.”
Cas’s mouth sets in a thin line. “What do you want, Dean? I did as you asked. I told you the spell could only latch onto my feelings for you.”
Dean’s cock twitches.
Wart flails, his webbed feet pinwheeling every which way until he resurfaces.
Daphne actually places both hands over her ears and goes,
“Well, I wouldn’t have made other plans if I’d known this shindig was on the table,” Dean says, gesturing Cas forward to keep talking as he ladles punch into a plastic cup.
Cas raises his head to keep Wart in view. “I wonder if you miss the frogs back where you came from. Does your species form strong social attachments?”
Cas purses his lips. He could climb on top of the counter to reach it, but the frog would probably only jump further out of his grasp. After the day he’s had, Cas has no patience left to chase a frog all over his kitchen.
Dean throws him a funny look. “Yeah, you. You told me to get my head outta my ass and go for movies I actually want todo-”
“But what if Elphaba’s doing some spell that’ll kill me?”
Aren’t we too old for
Dean hangs up.
Castiel is a grad student who barely makes a living at two jobs.
Castiel inhales sharply, his lungs filling with
Castiel’s dating history can best be described as ‘dismal’. During his last visit to his pediatrician before college, his doctor called him a “late bloomer,” which Castiel eventually realized just meant socially awkward. In the decade since, Castiel’s slept with a grand total of three people. And, to his supreme regret, none of them managed to bring his rusty people skills up to par.
“Typical alpha macho,” Dean snorts. His head snaps up as he gives the phone back. “No offense.”
“I don’t want it to be easier,” Cas says, baffled. “I don’t want this to be anything.”
“Thank
Dean’s mouth twists in distaste at the question. “It was, I dunno, a few years ago? In Purgatory, when I was praying my ass off, Benny kept telling me it was a waste. But no man gets left behind, not in my book. We’re friends. I wasn’t about to ditch you when the going got rough.” He shakes his head, staring hard at a nondescript spot on the bedspread by Cas’s left knee. “But it was more than rough. Benny got the whole story out of me - you betraying us, joining up with Crowley, betraying
Jack turns unhappily to Cas as Wart descends to his previous position.
“I can’t let you alter the course of events,” Cas says, peeved.
Castiel asks, his voice deadpan, “Do you normally give blow jobs in public?”
Without looking away from the windshield, Dean says, “For everything. Breaking the curse. Saving my ass. Raising Jack - he’s gonna be a hell of a kid.”
Dean waggles the near-empty cup in front of Castiel’s face in what might be an enticing manner to someone with no sense of smell. Or taste. “Wanna try?”
Cas’s eyes narrow. “Because he still wants Jack killed?”
Jack lets out a warning sob.
Dean raises his head. “What?”
Amused, Cas walks over with a spoon and pries the lid off of the container. That bit of grace dexterity is beyond Jack for the moment. He dips the spoon in the mush and holds the applesauce aloft for Jack to eat.
She turns back to Castiel. “So, you’re it today, champ.”
“So what?” Dean shoves four french fries in his mouth. “Whaddya think I was doin’?”
Cas smiles wryly. “I’m sure you will never hold this over me in the weeks to come.”
“Cheers, darlin’.”
Cas takes it, bemused.
“I was just gonna say,” Aaron supplies quickly, “do I still think he’s hot? Yes, I have eyes. Do I want to marry him and push my mother over the edge by marrying a guy
In all my years on this Earth, I’ve never felt for anyone like I feel for you. I’m sure you didn’t intend to go to bed with me last night, but I can’t bring myself to regret a single second of it. The sight of you tangled in my sheets, the expression on your face, the sounds you made as I touched you like no other man has before - it will all stay with me forever.
Castiel hadn’t thought to put those pieces together, but it makes an astonishing amount of sense.
Cas goes pink. "And, for you," he says, glancing over at Sam, "they were giving away free tie-in merchandise to a forthcoming film franchise. I'm not sure what its purpose is, but maybe you can show me."
Dean balks.
Aaron, torn between finding out who’s getting down and dirty at
Not that anyone would know Dean’s secondary gender by looking at him. Dean stands a few inches taller than the average male omega - he has nearly an inch of height on Castiel, and Castiel is the dictionary definition of standard alpha physique.
“Need you,” Castiel rumbles.
Cas has just made a new pot of coffee when the door to his diner bursts open with a flurry of patented Winchester chatter.
Dean turns around, surprised. “Uh, not really.”
Dean listens in complete silence to Yellow Dubmarine’s cover of I Want You.
Dean, blushing to the roots of his hair, struggles for words. Eventually, he mutters, “All I’m doing is whatever Victor tells me to do. Isn’t like I’m giving anyone a kidney.”
Internally praying for strength, Cas tries to feed Jack again. He has marginal success; Jack is clearly only paying attention to the frog, but he lets Cas shove a few spoonfuls of applesauce into his open mouth and a little sweet potato since applesauce has fewer nutrients and vitamins than recommended by his parenting books. Jack winds up swallowing more than he lets dribble down his front, so Cas counts dinner as a success.
“Nobody,” Cas says, “but I’d like to think animal shelters and cancer research is more important than accumulating interest in a bank account or funding a superyacht.”
“You think true mates are bullshit?”
“Or else I would have forgotten my way back here. And who you are. And a hundred million other things.”
Cas clears his throat, asking hoarsely, “You wanted it to be me?”
is etched into the leather, and dyed navy blue. At one end, after the holes for the buckle, Cas embossed two tiny cross bones.
“You know Mama?” Jack asks, looking from Kelly to Castiel and back again.
Dean jerks back, stung. “You’re being… obtuse.”
Dean’s only cave to the holiday is a pair of fake vampire teeth he’s currently keeping in a ziploc bag. They give him a giant lisp, so he’s saving them for after his seminar.
Cas shifts on the bed. “Why don’t you sit?”
The rest of the staff curiously filter in.
James freezes, his eyes going wide. His trench coat swishes ominously to a stop.
“Probably,” Dean agrees. He taps his fingers against the sides of the cup as he asks, “So you’re in school? For what?”
The Titanic was wonderful while it lasted. My friend, Balthazar, financed the bulk of the trip. However, things devolved into pure chaos as the boat started to sink. They prioritized the women and children for spots on the lifeboats - rightly so. Balthazar and I spent so long bobbing in the water before the Carpathia came to the rescue, we thought we were going to prove that vampires could die from exposure after all.
“Anyway, yeah, it’s a lot thanks to you,” Dean says, tipping his latte in Castiel’s direction. “I also want to talk about romantic B-plot since I think it’s stupid.” He shakes his head, scoffing. “True mates, bullshit.”
As Aaron launches into the latest installment of their favorite will-they won’t-they senior couple, Kelly can finally appreciate the lazy smile Castiel wears as he settles in to listen. Maybe Aaron was right, and she and Daphne came on a little strong.
A dazed Dean Winchester lies sprawled in the wreckage.
A small crowd had to started to form, all peering at the man- Al- underneath the car.
Ben threw his hands up. "I don't see why I should get in trouble if Claire does anything."
Dean sighed and rubbed his temples. "Press cable and then input 1. You have to wait."
-And it's awful. Change it.-
Adjusting his glasses, he opened up the Instagram app and started scrolling through his feed. The first thing he saw was a picture of Sam that Jo had taken on the way up. His brother was asleep in the car with his book open at his lap. He smiled and tapped the picture twice to like it.
"Damn it!"
He sat on the bed. Stood. Sat down again. Grabbed fistfuls of his sweaty dark hair. Grinding his teeth, he snatched his phone out of its charger and dialed. The hostess picked up on the second ring.
"You," Cas whispered, looking down.
She groaned. "I got my period. I need tampons."
He walked slowly behind Dean as the man unlocked Jack's apartment. Jack ran by him and into his room and took a look around. Seeing that nothing had been a touched, he sighed in relief and changed into his Super Mario pajamas. Blowing a kiss to Felix, he grabbed his Captin Underpants book from the desk and jumped onto the bed. He pulled Luke out of his backpack and grabbed Mimikyu. The boy had just settled down the read when there was a knock on the door.
Cas, at the stove, was heating up sesame oil in a skillet. He grinned. "Dean calls himself that. He needs to eat healthier. Everyone in this place does."
Dean laughed quietly and looked at the burger on the plate. He squirted some ketchup on it and hesitantly picked it up. Swallowing nervously, he took a decent sized bite and ran his tongue along the piece in his mouth.
"We can get some sandwiches and snacks for the movie," Jack suggested. "They don't care if we bring food in. My friends, Max and Eliot, work there and sometimes they just eat like, pizza or soup right at counter."
Castiel tilted his head to the side and spoke slowly. "Because... you are... my... boyfriend?"
- She smells like she doesn't have a mate.- He tilted his head. -Does she?-
"I won't sound like a- you know what? You don't even know what you're talking about."
"Still, that type of diet could catch up with you."
"O-okay," he said. "I'll, uhm, call you when dinner is ready."
Cas slid the omelet onto the plate and stood looking at the table. Five plates and one bowl.
"I can't believe you," Cas scoffed. He stood and walked off, leaving the hunter very confused.
"Oh," Dean replied. "I... I guess. My parents love free food."
A child's shriek brought Dean back to the present. He clutched his wallet and climbed back out. Miracle jumped onto his leg, panting.
"Your loss... I've been meaning to ask, do you think Dean knows? How you feel?"
"They look like you. They're your brother's?"
John wiped his mouth with a napkin. "Where is that k- Dean! Get down here!"
"Chocolate ice cream," Cas started, and he froze when he felt Jack move against his chest. He didn't wake up so Cas continued. "Vanilla ice cream, cherry pie, apple pie, zebra cakes, ring dings." He quickly ran his eyes down the rest of the list and flipped it over. "I don't see any fruits or vegetables on here."
He held the sandwich higher. "Late lunch break. And you can call me Castiel."
Dean made an annoyed grunting noise. "I did no such thing. I put them in my pocket and flushed them down the toilet."
"Right," she replied, "I'll let Becky know when we get back to the station." She turned to Dean. "Sir, I -"
"Yeah I guess I am not very good at listening. Sorry."
Besides being incredibly gorgeous with a fantastic body, Cas was funny in his own special way, he was thoughtful and sweet and he clearly loved his siblings and parents. Dean knew it was fast, but he was pretty sure he was halfway to falling in love with him.
"Or she's lying safely at Uncle Bobby's," he suggested. "I am sure she's fine. Probably looking out the window and watchin' the rain."
"Cas, they're seven."
"About before? Under the mistletoe you asked me out and I didn't get to respond. So... yes." She leaned over and pecked the corner of his mouth.
Gabe, caught offguard by the question, stammered. "Oh, I uh, I work at a-a gym. I'm-m a lifeguard. A-and swimming instructor. I've been teaching Jack, actually."
Cas rolled his eyes but didn't respond.
Dean groaned. "Why do we have to anyway? There's plenty of food here!"
Cas rubbed fists into his eyes, watching the swirls of light moving against the darkness. "Give me something. Please. I'm losing my mind."
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose. "You've poured coffee and beer into it for him."
"Huh?" She gestured to her wife and his fake boyfriend. "Oh. Right. Y-yeah. He's, uh, he can get really into it."
"Oh it's true. He was so miserable on the way here and now he can't stop smiling. Oh, and John, what was that little name you gave Castiel?"
Kevin snorted. "You've been in love with him for years. What are you waiting for, his eightieth birthday?"
Dean smiled. "Has he always been like this?"
Jack jumped up high. "My grandma and grandpa's! Cas and Coach Gabe came with us. My mommy said they're lonely."
Cas glared at her. "Don't ca- Why would you refer to her as that?"
Something hard hit Dean in the back of the head, and he yelped. Clutching the now throbbing part of his skull, he spun around, eyebrows low over his eyes, ready to scold whoever it was. His face relaxed slightly when he saw his younger brother, Sam, staring at him, arms folded and stance stiff.
"No, it's... I... are you angry with me?" He moved onto his side, looking into Dean's eyes.
"Morning' Sunshine," he greeted, kissing Cas's cheek.
"Try."
"You didn't shove the vegetables under the couch, did you?" his dad asked as Jesse put his empty plate, cup, and fork in the sink. "Like Uncle Dean use to."
"Holy shit," Sam repeated, not turning around.
"Yeah," Cas agreed, keeping his gaze on Dean's profile as he followed him to an empty billiards table. "Very."
"Dude, chill," Daniel laughed. "God. Do you ever stop talk- ow! Mom, what the hell?"
The roller blader blew a raspberry at him and Cas shoved him playfully. Picking up his board, Castiel grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him down the winding path, careful to avoid any sticks and rocks strewn all over the ground.
Cas stared at him. "You're what?"
"Not true," Cas pointed out. "He knows she likes to eat."
Jack smiled. "You understand now?"
Cas shot his husband an irritated look. "You can't be serious."
Felix responded by flicking his tongue against Jack's earlobe.
Castiel gently woke Jack up and helped him out of the carseat. He rubbed his tired looking eyes, and they lit up when he saw the house. The boy ran up the walk, ignoring his mother's calls to slow down, and darted up the steps to bang on the door. A pale redheaded woman came out and picked Jack up to squeeze him. He dashed into the house when she put him down, and the woman made her way toward them.
"That's not now it works."
"Ugh. Fine. Give us twenty minutes!"
"Huh. Good for him."
Turning to the voice, Dean furrowed his brow. He didn't see anyone nearby looking at him, eveyone was still on the move. He looked down and saw two of the dirtiest socks Dean had ever seen, the feet attached to it poking out from underneath the Impala.
Dean shook his head. "No, I..." Why did I tell him "no"? he thought.
"Sorry, dude," the guy said, looking to Cas
"St-stop!" Jack gasped, laughing as Dean tickled him. He tried to pull his arms out of Castiel's grasp but the man had a firm grip on him. "C-c-cut it o-out!" He was flipped onto his back and Dean's hands roamed around his stomach and ribs.
There was a knock at the door. The boy turned and called out, "Come in."
"Bump bump," he giggled, tapping faster. "Heart is working. Did you know it's in the middle of your chest?"
"What were... why did..." Dean said for the third time, and devolved into a fit of laughter.  The twins were on the couch, Jack looking ashamed and Claire smiling wide. "Y'know, everyone had to... had to leave because of what you did."
"Not when I'm through with you."
After a quick shower, he headed into the kitchen to start breakfast. He brewed the coffee, and feeling generous, made cheese omelets for Jo and Sam, and for him and Cas he made tomato and asparagus quiche.
His mom made a face, eyebrows twitching. "Still, hon, I just think maybe you sh-"
"Not every horse is healthy, Dean."
Jack shrugged. "'S no biggie." He stood and walked over to the shelf that had the board games and looked through the titles. "We could play Star Wars Monopoly, or Sorry... if Dean was awake we could play Mouse Trap. He gets so mad when it doesn't work properly. It's really funny. His face gets red and he slams his fists on the table." The boy laughed when he remembered the time his uncle tried to throw the game down the trash shute.
"What's that noise?" Maggie asked halfway through the third episode.
"Sure, kiddo."
Maggie came in, carrying the large salad bowl tucked in the crook of her arm, and clutching a few items in her hands. She set them on the table Dean was sitting at and pulled a set of tongs out of her back pocket and clicked them together twice.
He shrugged. "Dunno. They handle her."
"Yes!" Kevin fist pumped. "I know some great ones."
A few minutes before 6, Dean, Cas, and the kids were in the living room, waiting for the guests to arrive. Castiel and Dean were on the couch, and their three older kids were on the loveseat across from them. Their three year old pitbull, Maple Syrup, was eyeing Cas as he put Emma in a dress.
"Tell me," Dean demanded, face blank. "Tell me the truth."
Kevin gave him an incredulous look. "Dude you've been standing here sleeping for twenty minutes, you're freaking everyone out."
"S-sure. Do it tomorrow."
"Aunt Ellen and Uncle Bobby will look around up here, right?" Sam gave them pointed looks and smiled when the two agreed and Bobby actually got up and called for the dog. "Let's head upstairs."
"Don't crash," John advised. "They're on the table."
"Okay," Jack replied.
Dean, annoyed, grabbed him by his bare shoulders and shook him. "Hey, earth to Cas, let's go."
"Uh... yes?"
"Aw, you still want to play? Cas, say hello to Miracle."
Pulling his socks off with a loud grunt, Dean tossed them in the general direction of his duffel bag. He rubbed his sore feet and groaned when he accidentally bumped a bruise on his ankle.
Dean picked up the burger and sniffed it. His stomach growled loudly and he blushed. Looking around the table, he saw the adults digging into their food, Claire as well. Cas's sister-in-law, Kelly, was feeding Jack what looked like mashed peas as she used her free hand to eat her burger.
Claire nodded. "Cool. Half devil kid. Why do you look like my dad though? Like, you got the same nose and lips."  She grabbed his cheeks and stretched them up and down. "And facial structure. This is weird."
"Kid?" Dean called out.  "Come on, I know you aren't really sleeping."
When he landed, he wobbled and was afraid he'd tumble off, but he was able to right himself. Sighing with relief, he looked at the window across from his bedroom and noticed it was open, so he climbed through. Dean was standing there in a tshirt and boxer briefs, brushing his teeth.
"He can't do it properly," Cas explained.
"Oh, shut your mouth," Dean grunted.
Everyone sat and the man officially started his sermon. While he spoke, Cas heard a soft whine coming from his right, and him and Dean looked to see Claire gripping her seat.
Claire sucked her teeth. "Small Dad once took my skateboard away, so to get back at him I put this plastic wrap on the toilet so that he ended up peeing everywhere. It was really funny!"
"Hello, Dean," Cas greeted, arms folded against the side of the tub.
The four of them got the luggage and bags of gifts out of the trunk and lugged them inside. There was the smell of roasting chicken and biscuits wafting through the air, and the sounds of chatter filled the house, along with noise from the TV in the living room that was turned to the Hallmark channel.
"Are you okay?" Dean asked, giving him a confused look. "You look like you got some bad news."
"The orange and green one?" It was the only mug there. Dean looked closer. "It has some kind of weird looking bug glued to the bottom." There were smaller bugs painted around its inside.
"I wasn't sleeping," Cas repeated.
The boy looked around and spotted Dean, the fire making the shadows dance on his face. His father was holding tight to him, gently stroking his hair. Jack took a step towards their direction, but was pushed back into his mother, and locked into that position when she snaked her arm around his middle and held tight.
"You're just gonna give a whole damn dramatic speech and leave? Are you crazy?"
"Oh, that makes more sense than a funeral," Dean muttered.
"Aw, I couldn't wait that long to see you!" She punched his arm.
"Confessions of love come from the heart, dumbass."
He smiled at her. "You're getting a little too old for that to work. But, yes. I forgive you. Now please go to bed."
"H-hey," Dean mumbled. "I'm back."
Jack bit his lip. "Is... is she in her crib?" he asked nervously. "Should I go see her?"
Jack finally turned to his uncle. "Of course not. You don't love me anymore!"
Cas stared at him. "Hello, Miracle."
"That is ridiculous," Cas laughed. "I'd be- win. No question."
"What did he say?"
He looks shy, Dean thought. Weird. "Yeah, I guess."
Jack hummed. "He might be hiding in between th-,"  The boy let out a yelp as something hit him in the right shoulder. Before he could turn and aim his gun, he was shot in the side of his stomach. He fell to his knees, moaning.
Hands on his hips, Castiel ran his eyes along the short rows of food. Hesitantly, he picked one up and bit it in half. Swallowing, he let put a relieved sigh. It tasted fine, and he felt silly for worrying.
With his head on a soft blanket and his daddy giving him pats on his back, Miracle was in heaven. Cas was at the end of the couch, running his paws through the fur on his daddy's head. They had been gone for so long, and the dog was so happy when they finally came back. He was too excited to even eat his dinner, just the milkbones Cas had thrown at him.
"Ow."
"It's fine... I'll be fine. I'll u- take my pills later."
******
"Anna. She's works for a newspaper in New York. Her and her fiance are coming in Thursday night for Gabe's birthday."
Castiel swallowed. "What did they order?"
"And no one told you to sit there. You did it of your own free will."
Claire gestured to the two of them to follow her, and they quickly walked to the basement door.
Dean sat up. There was a cut on his forehead that was starting to drip blood. "I guess so."
'Just makin sure it's your reall #! -Cas'
Cas watched Dean for a couple minutes.  He looked so cute and relaxed while he was asleep. Pulling the blanket off him, Cas slapped Dean's right ass cheek.
"Damn it," he muttered. Taking care not to step in front of the others, he finally got to to the porch without further incident. He took a deep breath and walked around to the side of the chalet.
"Sam."
"Seriously?" Dean asked with raised eyebrows. "Salad?" He sounded amused.
"I like you, too."
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. "I- y-" He sighed. "Jus- Okay. Look." Dean covered the hand Cas had on his thigh. "I love you, Cas, and I am seriously concerned about you. So, I really think that right now you should shower, change, and then get to bed."
"No, I will not." He flopped himself back down, head bouncing against the mattress.
Jack looked at the floor and scratched his elbow. "Lucifer. He was Lucifer."
"Oh, Mom. I know you meant well, but I'm fine. I haven't been interested in dating since Luke, considering how that ended. If I wanted a boyfriend, I'd find one on my own." She glanced at Gabriel. "Or something like that. "
"Yes, I heard you." Castiel wrote something else on the bottom of the list. "I'm sure they'll all like that," he muttered. "It's supposed to be fun."
Castiel smiled back, and Dean wanted to kiss him again, but a loud "Cannonball" sounded from above as Sam launched himself off the dock.
"R-right. Thank you." They stood in front of the elevator doors quietly for a couple of minutes. One was stuck on the 18th floor and the other was slowly coming down from the penthouse.
He nodded. "I like that idea. It'll make me mysterious. A sexy lady or a hot guy might think I'm a hockey player or an MMA fighter or something. "
"Like this," Eileen replied, and she must have done something funny, because the other humans laughed, but he couldn't see from where he was. "Where's the bathroom?"
"I wouldn't be able to see anything if I did."
"Are we gonna get ice cream, too?" Maggie asked excitedly.
Cas bit his lip as he stared. He was pretty sure Dean was purposefully showing off for him.
"Winchester," Dean blurted. "I'm Dean. Winchester. So, Dean."
Jack left the ball in the corner and ran to the middle of the room. Kevin was on his right and Maggie was on his left. He adjusted his orange belt and stood striaght, staring ahead.
"They don't get a chance to run off," Dean boasted, eyes shut. "I gank 'em before they get a chance."
"Makes sense to me."
Cas swallowed. "That's all this is to you?"
"Cas, please," he begged. "I got up early. Sam nearly beat the shit out of me when I shook him awake and asked him to stay in the guest house with the kids. You can at least listen to me. If you really don't like what I have to say, I'll go home and leave you be."
Cas shrugged. "Just trying to help."
"If you say so."  A text pinged his phone. "It's from Dean. He wants me to come over."
When Dean finally got to his building, the garage door opened agonizingly slow, and it felt like it took fifty years to get to his spot. Castiel's constant licking and biting and rubbing made him drive more cautiously than normal.
His eyes widened. "That is incredibly unhealthy."
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. His own eyes looked wet. He stared quietly at Cas, and Cas stared back.
"Ah. The baby I saw you holding? Your sister?"
"He does that for publicity. I mean, I'm sure a guy like him had a real easy life."
Castiel dragged him onto his lap and started kissing him all over his face. "Is this better than getting tickled?" he asked, holding him tightly and preventing the boy from escaping.
Cas smiled proudly. "Ham, cheese, and spinach." He nodded towards a bowl. "And for Adam I gave him blueberries and cream oatmeal and chopped a banana."
"That's never good," her brother said.
"Everything okay?" Charlie asked. Her and Kelly were standing a few feet from the front door.
Dean walked the few steps over to the car and put his hands underneath the hood. Widening his stance, he got ready to try to lift it, but right before he tried, Dean blinked, thoughts slipping into his brain and pinballing around his skull.
"Cas, sweetie," Mary said with a smirk, "I don't think he'll want to come with us."
As it turned out, that next time happened in less than an hour. The second Castiel got home he packed his own suitcase, sent a resignation Email to his boss, Zachariah, and bought himself a ticket for Dean's flight.
John smiled. "Nah, sweetie. We'll probably just go out for pizza."
Eventually, he finished stretching. He picked up the bottle and opened it, putting his mouth over the top, tipping his head back and deepthroating it until the whole thing was empty. Dean walked over to the sidewalk and tossed the bottle into one of the trash cans and then put his blades on. With one last glance at Cas, he skated away.
"Steak," Castiel said, "carrots. Probably biscuits."
"I'm not cleaning that."
"So, how did you enjoy that water park?" Cas's dad, Fred asked.
He shrugged again. "Haven't decided yet."
"What, Sam?" Dean asked louder, taking a few tentative steps forward, feeling slightly nervous about whatever shocked his brother.
"Your mom w-" Dean's sentence morphes into a shriek and he jumped back, hitting the doorframe with his shoulder.
A blush bloomed across Dean's face and he pulled away.
"Nice, Cas," Anael muttered. "He's sup- you do know he's supposed to do that to the other team, right?"
"Yes. Wait, no. I don't know!" Dean threw his hands up. "H-how can we be dating? We don't go out anywhere."
Jack had insisted on sitting next to Castiel, and the boy kept talking to him about Bunnicula as he shoveled dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets, peas, and whipped potatoes down his throat. Cas was grateful for that; it meant that he didn't have to talk to Kelly's family, answer any questions they would undoubtedly ask about their relationship.
Dean leaned back against Cas's front and rubbed his nose along the man's neck. He breathed in the scent of vanilla in the air and sighed happily.
Miracle jumped up onto the couch and attacked Eileen's face with his tongue, tasting salt. She giggled and tried to push him off, and he heard Bones bark and the other dog jumped up on to the couch with him, trying to push him off.
Jack furrowed his brow. "What's prom?"
"You wouldn't have to wear a bathing suit." He gave Dean a wink.
"Speaking of ol' Luke," Miracle's daddy started, handing the dog a piece of carrot, "how do you sign 'asshole'?"
"Okay," Kelly said, "it's getting colder by the second. Let's go inside."
"Oh. Good." Dean pecked Cas's cheek. "Are you done with that? 'Cause... y'know."
"Cas!" Jack called excitedly, pulling a woman behind him by the hand. "This is my grandma."
"Yeah. Bobby said he was all giddy 'bout introducing him to John and Mary."
"Too bad," Dean said as he took Jack's slippers off and ran his fingers up and down the bottoms of his feet.
"Does Jack know?"
His dad flapped a hand at them. "Goodbye."
Dean rolled his eyes and flicked the plastic piece. "Right hand green, Cas."
Dean didn't know what to say to that. He couldn't imagine a world where his parents weren't a constant presence in his life. Even though he lived 15 minutes away from them, he saw them almost as much as he did when he lived at home.
"Well, you just... I wanted to..." His dad's eyes flicked to the frame on the wall. "I wanted t-"
Kevin stilled his hand from tracing over one of the words carved into the wood near his leg. "I don't know. Weird. Different."
"And I'll have a regular milk."
She nodded, looking him up and down with wary curiosity.
Dean took a shaky breath that turned into a sharp gasp when someone banged on the door hard enough to make it rattle.
"Uncle Dean," Jack whispered, tugging on his uncle's shirt, "don't forget, Maggie can't eat gluten or she'll die."
"Dean, wait," Cas called out.
He sighed and shoved his feet into his watershoes. "I am not getting in with them. I'm going to Cas's parents'."
"No, Dean."
Dean sighed and lied across the bed, groaning every five seconds. Miracle ran in, licking at Dean's dangling bare feet, and he crossed his arms and fought back the laughter he felt in his chest.
The two boys exchanged a glance and darted for Maggie, tickling her until they all slipped and landed on the carpet, laughing.
Castiel gave him a pleading look. "I know you aren't happy, but it's good for you! And look, I got three different dressings, bacon bits, and butter and garlic croutons. It'll taste good."
"That baby better come out soon, " he muttered.
"Uh... how do you know that?"
Cas folded his hands in front him, elbows propped on the table. "Oh, you are quite confident in that?"
Dean sat down on the floor a few feet from the mat, holding the spinner. "You guys go first." He glanced at Felix, who was lying in the terrarium next to him. The snake was curled around a skinny branch, flicking his tongue against the glass and staring at the Winchester. "Yeesh." He scooted a few inches to the right.
"Oh, okay... hey, I was thinking later we could watch a Star Wars movie. What do ya think?"
Dean yawned. "Awesome. Sore. Tired."
"Yeah, sure. Just don't tell Mommy."
"It's settled down to a drizzle," Cas told him, looking over Dean's shoulder. "I think we should get back. You know, we have frozen yogurt in the freezer."
The next few questions were simple, and Castiel and Kelly answered them smoothly with half truths. When everyone had finished eating and the tables were cleared, Cas insisted on cleaning up, wiping down the dining room table and plastic folding table that was shoved against it, and washing the pots and pans in the sink while Kelly filled the dishwasher.
"Are you just gonna stand there listing stuff?" Dean asked, eyebrows raised. "'Cause I'll be honest, I'm starting to drfit off here."
Dean rubbed the back of neck. "I kind of like having you here. Even if I wasn't consulted when you first moved in."
Dean blushed. "You don't have to."
Collapsing onto his bed, Cas opened up the gallery app on his phone. He scrolled through a couple pictures of him with his neice and nephews, a bird he liked the look of, and his brother's hairless cat before he got to the one he was looking for. It was a photo from Halloween two years ago; Dean had made Cas dress up as a cowboy with him.
The referee's whistle echoed throughout the gym. Jack and his friends ran to their team's corner and squeezed between the turned over folding table and the wall. He glanced over at the other side of the gym, behind the short, broad rubber wall, where all the spectators were seated. Dean and Cas saw him and waved. Jack happily returned the wave, even though he was hoping to see his mom and Sam.
Dean gagged. "Gross. My body will never get used to the healthy crap you keep giv- shoveling down my mo- throat." He unwrapped the foil and balled it up. "Mmm," he moaned when he took a whiff. It was perfectly cut, nestled between two slices of white bread. "Medium rare?"
"Cas says I can't pour beer anymore."
"Luke!" Jack rushed over and snatched the bear from her hands. Ignoring her wailing, he clutched the toy to his chest. "Mine," he muttered.
Jack blinked. "Why would... no.... I don't think so? Why would they even?"
"How about we open up the present Dean's dad got you?" Castiel asked.  He was holding up a slim colorful box.
"Good morning, Mr. Winchester," Castiel greeted his boyfriend's dad.
The dog sneezed in reply and barked once. She flipped onto her back, tongue lolling out of her mouth and panting again, her dirty damp fur splayed around her. She desperately needed to be groomed. He grinned down at her. "Takin' the sun, huh?"
"Come ooonn," Claire whined from the hallway. "Mommy said we can't eat until Mr. Dean stops hiding."
Cas hummed in response and ran a hand over Dean's smooth chest, scratching lightly. He leaned down and sucked at a spot right above his left nipple.
"Oh my gosh!" Maggie exclaimed, hands on her cheeks. "I am so sorry! I didn't mean to kick it so hard!"
Dean gave him a shakey smile, and he was almost certain Cas's voice was pitched slightly lower when he had said his name.
Maggie got up and put her bowl and spoon in the sink.  "Your mom bought it for him last week. He's been using it everyday."
Dean pointed his knife at his mom. "According to you, Robin was too clingy, Cassie was at a different place in her life, whatever that means, and Victor was too old. Am I missing anyone, Dad?"
"I made a copy of Sam's."
"I... that was..." he stood straighter.  "We weren't under the plant. We should probably do a repeat. And we would have to do it twice; once for before and the second because we'd be back under it."
The female laughed. "That was pretty good, but you messed up the 'f' and 'd'. I'm Eileen." She held out her paw to his uncle, and he engulfed it in his own larger paw.
He could just feel his dad roll his eyes. "Whatever. Be careful out here. There are all kinds of murderous creatures out here."
"I doubt that highly."
"No," Dean answered.
Forty-five minutes later Dean was sitting at the kitchen table wearing his fuzzy pink bathrobe and matching bunny slippers, eating a gooey grilled American cheese on whole wheat bread and munching on lightly salted potato chips while sipping from a cold glass of mixed apple and orange juice. Castiel was across from him, reading his book and occasionally glancing at Dean, giving him small smiles. A warm feeling spread in Dean's chest everytime Cas looked at him. He felt relaxed and happy just sitting there in the relative quiet. Of course it had to be ruined.
Jack giggled. "You forgot about Felix again, right?"
"I... it's not meddling," Helen insisted. "I was trying to help. You always say how busy you are at the law firm an-and with Jack... I just thought you never had time to find someone on your own."
Cas hugged Dean and pulled him close. "Not where I meant the kiss to be, but still nice."
"Beautiful," Cas commented, and Dean blushed when he realized the man was looking at him.
"Hey. Dean, listen there's no cable but we got Criminal Minds playin' on the smart TV and Sam wants to play Catan, you coming in?"  He looked at Castiel, eyeing him up and down. "Who's this? Why are you here?"
"Were you gonna read it in front of him?"
"Dean and Cas are weird," Kevin commented.
Dean blinked at him. "Why? Why not ask me?"
"Yeah," Claire piped up. "Me too." Her twin nodded seriously.
She pinched the bridge of her nose. "Fine."
Dean snorted awake. "Hey," he said. He turned over to face Cas. "You're back."
"Thank you." The phone went silent and Castiel stood, staring at it and waiting. He started nibbling on his thumbnail, and nearly tore it off when the text tone went off.
"No," Jack replied. "I-I can get it. I did it before. It's not supposed to play on the computer, you know."
As the hold music hummed in his ear, Cas started pacing again, his blood pumping faster. A faint pain started to squeeze the back of his neck and he winced. Carefully placing his phone on the bed, he tapped "speaker" and took a deep breath. And another.
"Hey, pretty boy!" Castiel called out before he could stop himself, and the cute rollerblader turned and immediately crashed into the trash cans in front of the house next door and slid to the ground.
"Yes, please. Thank you."
Gabriel and Kelly looked up at the little plant hanging from the top of the doorframe, then looked back at each other. Gabe felt his face heat up, and he thought he saw some pink in Kelly's cheeks.
"J-Jo?" Dean stared at his little sister, mouth gaping open and eyes wide. "Wh- what are you doing here?"
"I...uh..." he cleared his throat. "I think- I guess I-I'll see you at home... uh around. Uh... Cas- Castiel."
Out of the corner of his eye, Jack saw Dean take a step back. There was a short silence during which the boy felt his uncle staring at him.
"I saw Claire today. She is just the cutest little thing."
"Cas..."
"Cas!"
"Hello, Dean," a deep greeted from behind.
"Can I hold her Uncle Cas?" Jack asked, holding out his arms. He could feel the adults staring at him.
"You didn't smell it?"
"Wow," Dean said, taking a big gulp from his water glass. "That was so cheesy."
"Yet."
"Maybe I won't be in the mood."
"Big time."
"But he can never leave," Dean pointed out.  "Anyway, what do you want for dinner?"
"Don't be vulgar."
"Jack, sweetheart," Helen said gently, "why do you think they dated? Are you confused?"
He put them in the vase and put it on the windowsill next to terrace door. They looked pretty, something nice and bright in contrast to the dull beige walls that surrounded his apartment.
-'Cause it's fun!- Miracle insisted. He grabbed the round object and tossed it into the air. The three dogs watched it fall onto the carpet and bounce twice. It rolled over to the couch.
Cas sighed happily. "Yes. He's a neurologist. His wife is actually a pediatric surgoen. That's how they met. At med school."
The sudden urge to sneeze overwhelmed Dean and he pulled away, turned his head to the left, and gave three loud sneezes.
When the check came, Cas grabbed it right away, not even letting Dean peek at it.
"Can I sit?"
"Is Cas awake?"
In a small house made of oak, Jack Lafitte was helping his uncle wash dishes. His mother was in their shared bedroom, resting from a fever.
The boy shook his head. "Nope, nope, nope!"
"It's Sam's thirty-eighth birthday."
It was during Jack's first lesson that he had seen his mother the first time. Castiel had recommended him, and Gabe was really glad he did. He now looked forward to seeing her every week.
He shrugged. "Google. I remembered Kelly's dad's name."
"Dean, please. I am so, so sorry. I shouldn't have done it, I wish I didn't."
"For a little bit." Cas pulled Dean onto him and ran his fingers through his hair.
Dean flicked his eyes to his brother, who was focused on his book. "You don't smell that?... Hello? Sammy?" Dean sighed and turned back to the window, elbow on the door and chin cupped in is hand, watching the trees run together in blurs of green and brown. "How long now?"
Then Dean yelled something that made Jack's heart break: "I'm finally an uncle!"
"Oh."
Castiel straightened. "A kiss might make me feel better."
-Yes, dumbass.-
Dean interrupted him. "Let's just eat and watch the coyote and roadrunner."
"Gabe, stop," Cas warned. "I mean it."
"That wasn't actually a request. It was more of a polite order."
"Right, well. There you go."
"I was close. Just a few years off. You got that sexy older guy look." He looked Cas up and down. "So? Will you go out with me?"
"That's nice."
The glance Castiel had gotten of him was enough to freeze the breath in his throat; the guy had gorgeous sun kissed skin and a smattering of freckles on his face. His lips were smeared with sparkling pink lip gloss and tufts of blondish hair stuck out from his helmet. A black crop top with the Superman logo barely covered his chest and the shortest jeans Cas had ever seen hugged his ass.
"I will not."
"Damn you really can't take a hint, can you?"
Cas nodded. "I see. Doesn't your brother want his cell back?"
"Oh," he replied, unbuckling the seatbelt. "Can we get some afterward?"
"Who's the cutie next door?" He dropped the notebook on the shiny dining room table.
"Hello?" he called out hesitantly. "Dean?" He looked into the living room and noticed the TV was off and all the toys and clothes were gone, and the carpet looked like it had been vaccuumed. Relaxing slightly, Cas checked the kitchen and bathroom, made sure the back door was locked, and peeked into the guest room. Nothing. He checked the nursery and stepped back in surprise; his sledping bag and the crib were both gone. Swallowing, he pushed open his and Dean's bedroom door and all the tension released from his body. The crib was next to the bed, Jack still sleeping soundly, and Dean was in their bed, the comforter up to his chin.
“Well,” Amara says, standing up and pocketing his business card, “I will have to get back to you before we review any contracts with Sandover, but you just made a very compelling argument, Mr. Cole. If you’ll excuse me, I have another meeting.”
Dean swallows. “You’re serious?”
of Hebrew school. Organized religion has never been his thing, anyway. Two Sundays with Kelly sandwiching Daphne in the pews wasn’t going to change that.
Cas’s eyes widen. Almost imperceptibly, he shakes his head. “Ah, no, not really.”
Castiel freezes, still as a statue. “What are you doing?” he demands.
“You bet your fucking ass it was nice,” Dean retorts. He bites his lip. “You really wanna do this? With me?”
Ooh, a rare pair out in the wild! Love it.
“Nope,” Dean cuts him off. “No parking lots. What else you got?”
It’s a miracle.
Dean slams the whiskey bottle down on his desk, cursing as it nearly topples over in his haste. He sets it right, swearing more as precious seconds pass by. He hurtles down the hall, half-convinced Cas lied to him to get a head start and is really halfway to Timbuktu.
Inordinately pleased that Dean had asked Jo about him, Castiel shakes his head. “No, I’ve never been mated.”
Cas smiles.
“Oh,” Castiel says for lack of anything better to say.
Dean doesn’t keep him in suspense for long. He makes his way down the street, shoulders hunched, and head bowed. Gaze fixed on the dirty sidewalk, Dean doesn’t make eye contact with anyone as he turns the corner.
“Come on, fanboy,” Jo growls once Dean’s disappeared from view, “back to work.”
Dean inhales a deep breath, his eyes unfathomable. “I get that.”
Castiel turns back to him, eyes narrowing in confusion. He is about to ask about the change in mood, when Dean speaks up.
“It’s past three. You gotta hit the road!”
Dean jerks his head back towards his house. "So, you up for it?"
“I’m glad,” Cas says stiltedly. “We strive to provide the optimal experience to all our guests.”
Dean glares. “Obviously.”
Dean grabs Castiel’s hand and practically drags him around the next corner. “See,” he mutters, “this is why you shouldn’t trust an accountant to do a grifter’s job.”
As Cas nods encouragingly, Dean tries, “I once cheated on a history test?”
“I’d never fall asleep in front of the TV,” Dean says scornfully. “That’s a disgrace to Scoob.”
Castiel throws him an incredulous look, which Dean ignores. “If you think I’ll be done with you after only 24 hours, you are severely mistaken.”
on me?”
“Upturn the blood over your head!” Rowena casts a spell, and the Empty recoils with a scream.
Dean grunts acknowledgement, spinning on his heel for the door. It’s not like Dean has ever had any real say on Cas’s comings and goings - mostly goings nowadays.
Dean calls from inside the house, followed by his clomping footsteps down the stairs, “Who’re you calling weird, bitch?”
Daphne meets Charlie’s eyes, asking in a low voice, “Did
It was the first thing Castiel noticed when he woke up that morning in Dean’s bed: a dozen framed movie posters covering his walls. Everything from Tombstone, to Ghostbusters, to Blade Runner, to Dirty Dancing, to Hell Hazers.
“Shut up, Dean,” Castiel grumbles, shoving him off. To Aaron he says, “We’ve been dating for three years. He’s known about my feelings for a while now.”
“Please tell me you at least did something good with the money you took from her family.”
Castiel admits defeat. “Fair enough.” Instead, he steps behind Dean and wraps his arms around his midsection, breathing in deeply. He still smells as heavenly as before - more, now that his heat’s gained some strength. Castiel straightens, rising onto the balls of his feet so he can stick his nose in the crook of Dean’s neck.
The man jumps, his eyes going wide. “Dean? Dean Winchester?”
Jody clears her throat. “Alright, settle down, guys,” she says with a sharp glare in Dean and Castiel’s direction. “As you all know, Homecoming is next weekend-”
Fair.
“Okay, well, that one was your fault.”
Castiel’s grip is just the wrong side of firm - a man with something to prove. Internally, Dean recalculates his plan to include Castiel, conventionally handsome, with a C-Suite office. Powerful men like him, they often have the strangest insecurities. It’s all about sniffing them out without getting caught.
Wart leaps over the threshold, likely nothing but a green blur of movement to human eyes. The frog sizes up the situation quickly, hopping up into the stroller seat.
his knot not to pop. “I don’t think I can adequately describe how exquisite you feel.”
Cas freezes as a wet plop comes from the kitchen.
obvious.
“I’m glad I could amuse,” Showerus said. “Are you feeling better?”
Behind him Cas makes a wordless considering noise, which - Dean can’t think about right now.
“So no bikers?”
Dean inhales a sharp breath. He’s made it this far; he can’t chicken out. “No, I - this is for you,” he flips it hand-first to Cas.
“Not necessarily,” Cas says slowly.
truth. But something big enough to count for Cas’s secret-hungry curse. “I once almost sold my soul to a demon,” he says in a low voice.
Cas whirls around, his face a mask of frustration and an emotion Dean has never seen before. “I did, and you know what? They screwed me. And, please forgive me, Dean, but I am tired of being used and used up, over and over.”
Dean carefully sets down his colt and pads over to the bed. He takes a seat near Cas’s shins, the mattress slowly but surely dipping as it remembers Dean’s distinctive ass print. “What happened?”
Sam nods, already pulling out his phone.
Dean hollers, “Are you gonna leave in ten minutes?”
“Secrets,” Dean repeats flatly. “Really?”
Cas purses his lips. “I’d have to have someone to lose them first,” he says wryly.
“What do you mean, ‘love spell’?” Dean demands with a fleeting glance at Cas, who’s gone red in the face. Dean doesn’t blame him - between the hooker with the daddy problems and the stabby reaper, he’d be leery of anything vaguely love-shaped too.
athssklansjdisjkfjah
. Jack will probably like it - after all, he has already recruited one loyal animal friend, just like the main character.
Dean gulps, but the words catch in his throat again.
Plus you know you want to find out
Dean leans forward, bracing his elbows on the table. “You aren’t serious.”
Cas certainly didn’t. Part of his penance in Purgatory was removing himself from Dean’s life as permanently as he could.
Satisfied Jack’s new pet isn’t going to drown anytime soon, Cas ducks below the sink and fishes out the half-empty bottle of Windex. He pours out the unnaturally blue liquid into a spare container and rinses the bottle out thoroughly. After spritzing the air a few times to clear out the tubes, he sprays his palm until he can’t detect any of the isopropyl alcohol, ethylene glycol monobutyl ether or sodium lauryl sulfate that would irritate Wart’s skin.
You’re old as dirt. How have you never seen the Pacific Ocean? It’s amazing. I spent my first day here just staring at it for hours. The water was fucking cold, though.
Castiel shoves his hands in his pockets. “Should I not have said that?” he asks, brow furrowing. This can’t be the first time Dean has been complimented on his looks. As Castiel understands, good looks are one of the main precursors to acceptance in Hollywood.
Cas stares at him.
“Yup, that’s the one,” Daphne says, nodding to Krissy Chambers and her friend Josephine as they pass by. “It underwent a little bit of a makeover when Garth and Bess took over.”
Dean’s face goes slack in surprise. “Really?”
Dean unwinds his arms.
“We needed to hide.”
Five years and three months, but Cas absolutely cannot say that to Dean. He will undoubtedly see it as weird and creepy that Cas keeps track, but Cas can’t help his mental tally from the day that changed his life.
“Are you not?”
“Bet I could ask him tomorrow.”
“Took me ten goddamn years to get that trenchcoat off him,” his Dean says, helpful as ever. “Worse than Sammy and his blue blanket.”
“He’s probably tired,” Cas says, his voice tight. Just because Dean says he came here to break a curse doesn’t mean he doesn’t have an ulterior motive in store.
sign next to the coffee grinders.
Dean just throws him a look of pure self-loathing.
With the new burst of Dean’s heat-saturated scent, Castiel only manages a few more wild thrusts before he empties into Dean and finally lets his knot go, tying them together like the perfect lock and key.
“No?”
“And how do we do that?” Sam asks. “Put their identities up on the dark web? Funnel all their money into debt forgiveness programs? Swap Nair for their shampoo and put itching powder in their underwear drawers?”
Cas’s hair is a bird’s nest of bedhead that would probably drop Daphne’s panties in a heartbeat. Dean’s cheeks are flushed, and Aaron definitely recognizes his immediate post-orgasm face.
Showerus sang in a low rumble.
Cas’s expression closes off. “The truth doesn’t require elaboration.”
“Not for the first time, isn’t that right?” Rowena says with faux-sympathy.
Dean shuffles forward, doubt dragging every step. He could be going in the complete wrong direction, and if he gets off the yellow brick road, how will he ever get to Cas in time before the Empty comes back?
Dean sighs, scrubbing the heel of one hand down his face while he props up the other behind him to support his torso. “Jesus Christ. I’m fucking all this up. Sorry - I just didn’t expect to run into you here.”
Dean rubs the back of his neck. He coughs. “Anyway,” he says, “Yes, we’re dating. No, it’s not really that complicated. Cas just doesn’t like to talk about it at work.”
“Really,” Sam says flatly as he reaches for the illustration. He whistles as he takes it in. “Nice light composition. And what are you talking about? We watched Scooby Doo like three days ago in the Dean Cave.”
A glint in the dark to the left catches his eye.
Dean groans as Cas wraps his hand around him, his grip gentle but sure. He gives Dean a few experimental pumps, and Dean’s in serious danger of letting this all end too quickly.
Jo nods and pushes the cup towards him. “That’s what it’s supposed to taste like.”
How is San Francisco? I’ve never made it out to the West Coast.
“Really?” Jo asks, her nose wrinkling.
Cas purses his lips. “You’re being deliberately obtuse.”
time. “It’s complicated,” Cas adds, like any part of this fucked-up situation could fit under a goddamn Facebook status.
Castiel scans his room, trying to see it through Dean’s eyes. Castiel doesn’t possess any sort of desire for interior design, so his walls are devoid of art. It’s part of why he works so well with his roommate - they both aren’t prone to “nesting”, as Sam calls it. They decorated their apartment based on necessity, not aesthetics.
Dean flicks off the light. “But we’re a thing now!”
Jesus,” Kelly says, rolling her eyes. “I’m not a monster.”
I probably shouldn’t send this, but since when have we kept secrets from each other? Ha.
“It makes you look like a flasher,” Dean says promptly.
“Have you ever heard the phrase, ‘the road to hell is paved with good intentions’?” Cas asks dryly.
Moreover, it’s not like Aaron's never leaned on the girls for help. Daphne called her second-cousin, the cardiologist, to give a third-opinion on Dad's diagnosis. Kelly let Aaron sleep on her couch for a month because she lived across the street from the hospital. They listened to him whine about his unrequited
“I mean, Mom’s a fan, but not that big of a fan,” Dean says, chuckling. “I’m pretty sure she’d rather get a twenty-minute call from yours truly than sit through a two-hour flick with my name on the poster.”
Cas hesitates. “Would you like to go to Nine Spheres instead? I’ve had business dinners every evening I’ve been in Chicago so far, and, while the food has been
“Careful,” Cas cautions Jack. “See, you can touch him like this,” he says, raising a single finger and stroking down Wart’s back.
At the continued silence, Cas says, a little irritated, “In the original fairy tale, the princess throws the frog against a wall.”
Daphne gasps, squinting to better see Edlund High’s newest hire and favorite English teacher (no offense, Kelly) getting at it on the lumpy couch in the back that no one sat on
Kelly giggles, “If you think a little pee is gross, you don’t want to hear what Jack got up to with-”
“Dude, I get that you have high expectations, but I’m not a teenager anymore,” Dean says. “I can get it up like max three times in a whole day, and, even then, that’s only with good pacing and a lot of time on my hands.”
September 8, 1982
Cas makes a noise that Dean hopes is a cough, but judging by Sam’s smirk was probably more of a snort.
He can practically hear Sam’s smirk down the line. “So he’s hot.”
But Cas - Dean thought he was done with the Top Ten Anime betrayals.
Castiel nods. He inhales a deep breath. “It doesn’t smell as strongly of you here as the car.” He can think much clearer up here.
“Yeah, her,” Jo says, eagerly. “She was dying of cancer and you-”
“Are you sure?”
Dean cracks one eye open, and, to his surprise, Novak looks pretty genuine. “You are not even the worst guest I’ve seen today.”
Dean snorts. “I don’t know about you, but this ain’t sex yet, buddy.”
he says, straightening as the guard at the end of the hall turns around in surprise.
Dean inches the rest of the fry into his mouth. “Don’t knock it ‘til you try it,” he says with a wink.
So maybe that’s why Cas has always been so hard to pin down, so eager to leave Dean all the time. He’s been off pining after this mystery guy.
But Jack is already distracted, his bright blue eyes fixed on a spot over Cas’s right shoulder. He babbles excitedly, pointing. Cas nudges the spoon closer, but Jack ignores it.
Dean throws him an incredulous look. “For making you give up your grace?”
“Just trying to make conversation,” Dean says defensively. He leans away. “It’s fine. I can play games on my phone instead-”
too many doors.
“We’ve got that under control-”
“My full name is James Castiel Novak,” Cas says, flushing. “James - that’s what I go by professionally. My family calls me Castiel.”
“Yes, we will see Wart soon,” Cas says. “But look at the trees!” He points. “That’s a Sitka Spruce. They’re the largest species of spruce in the world. And that’s a Western Red Cedar - it’s so sturdy, native people cut it down to make canoes and homes.”
“’Cause I’m trying to see what his limit is, and so far I’m not even close,” Jo says, shrugging. “Hop to it. He gets real grouchy if you make him wait too long.”
“In your own words - when I told you how stupid this was last week -
Notes: Here it is, my BDBB fic! It's been a labor of love for so many months, I'm so relieved it's done. Go check it out and
“Excellent,” Cas says with relish as he pushes open the door.
“We clearly do,” Cas counters, eyeing him like Dean’s an easily spooked zoo animal, “if you don’t trust me enough to take me at my word.”
In Kelly's room, Cas practically burns with embarrassment. He avoids Dean’s gaze and the spot on the bed where Dean last sat as a frog and listened to Cas air all his insecurities. Instead, he busies himself with setting Jack down near the headboard, repositioning the pillow to block the left side of the bed and sitting to his right to keep him from rolling off that way.
“It’s more like we’re getting Chuck’s fan mail,” Sam says sheepishly.
“Rowena -” Sam starts, casting an almost guilty look in Dean’s direction. “Stop.”
“But why aren’t
The corners of Cas’s mouth turn down into a slight grimace. “Last night, a client treated us to tapas. I woke up starving.”
“What’re you doing here?” Kelly asks as Jack gives Castiel’s hand a theatrical shake.
Dean rubs his chin with the back of his hand. “Seeing you with Jack.”
Fuck a holy oil molotov cocktail; Dean is going to combust just from that look on Cas’s face.
Cas nods once, his face impossibly solemn.
Grown men don't play with fidget spinners!"
“What am I, James Bond? No, I don’t have
Dean tips back his glass of whiskey. It’s stopped burning on the way down his throat, a good sign.
On shaky legs, Dean makes his way back to his old seat. “I don’t know why I said that,” he says to his hands. “It’s a lot, man.”
Dean bends over to grab the ice pack. “I had no idea that much drama goes on at motels.”
Dean blinks, his stomach fluttering with hope. “I don’t think so? I think Sam called him a senior dog.”
Dean shrugs. He won’t write it off completely, but he can’t start this… thing with Cas with any secrets.
“Look,” Dean says, abandoning all joking pretenses with one word. “D’you want to come back with us?”
Unfortunately, the fast food restaurant next door must have taken out the trash last night, since the alley reeks of stale bread and rotting fish patties.
Tag list under the cut
Dean shifts his weight to his other leg and back again. “So you won’t help either?”
Dean chuckles. “We’re facing the wrong way for that, but I’d still be down,” he says, anticipation briefly running through his scent. He yawns, settling back down. His stubble rubs against Castiel’s chest, just the right side of ticklish. “Should’ve known you’d be a kinky son of a bitch. It’s always the quiet ones.”
“I could have warned you,” Novak says, sounding farther away, and Dean figures he must have resumed his spot behind the desk.
Sam smirks. “Not this time. Like I said,” he says as he scans his letter, “the readers
Jack perks up at the sound of his name. He crawls to Dean, resting both hands on Dean’s thigh as he stares up at Dean’s face like it’s the most sublime piece of art in the world.
Dean, almost surprising himself, didn’t laugh. Instead, he said, “Sure thing. Wanna put me on hold while you get in touch with Triple A?”
Cas admonishes over Wart’s bleat of alarm, “Put Wart back,
Plus, it's not like Cas, graduate student of the Occult School, brings in anything worse than Dean, graduate student in the School of Nursing. Between the two of them, Dean definitely holds the lead in coming home splattered with questionable fluids. Cas is practically Mr. Clean compared to him.
"I'd like that."
Dean inhales sharply.
Cas stares at him.
Mouth busy, Castiel hums, sealing his lips to Dean’s hole so Dean can feel every vibration. He dives back in, trying and failing to slurp up the slick pooling by his chin. Dean keens, chest heaving, hips jerking every which way, trying to anticipate where Castiel’s tongue will move next.
It’s not the end of the world. He could be bi, like Dean.
At home, Jack is pliant and happy to watch a movie, tired from the excitement of the morning.
“Are you the ‘it’s complicated’?” she asks curiously, only looking away as Jack pats her knee determinedly, his face hopeful.
Dean mutes Cas as the hotel guy replies,
Warning bells go off in Dean’s head, honed from years of listening to Sam stutter through completely implausible lies (
"It's a spider, they're supposed to die!"
-Hi, cat!- Miracle greeted.
"Jeeze, is everyone in your family a doctor?"
"Hey," she said.
"Did you know that lying is a sin?"
"Yes! Yes, my keys. I-I-I must have left them at home."
The two kids shrugged.
Bobby gave him a look that radiated irritation. "I am not going out in this storm. And why the damn hell would I watch my girls streaming if it's on the TV right now? Makes no sense, ya idjit."
"Here you go," Castiel said, handing the flowers off to Dean with a grin.
"I'm d- finished. Are you happy?"
Charlie jumped back up and tossed the phone back at him. "You went through the trouble of making an account to look at Dean's photos. Thats obsession, bro."
He shrugged. "You seemed uncomfortable. About Claire's art project."
Dean froze, teeth poised to take another bite of his sandwich. "W-what?"
"I guess we're being animals today," Sam said when he handed the three of them their plates of food. Jack sat between Dean and Cas on the bed. "I'm gonna go have breakfast in bed with my lovely wife." Jack noticed that besides the food he had cooked, Sam also had a bowl full of fruit that must have been for Jack's mom because it had the grapes, orange slices, and apple cubes she had been eating since she got pregnant. He put all that and two glasses of water on a tray they use to give Jack soup in bed when he was sick.
"Y-yeah," came the beautiful man's response as he took Castiel's hand and let himself be pulled up. He was even prettier up close. "Was th- what did you call me?"
His daddy stroked his back. "He just missed me, is all."
"It's an expression."
Dean licked his lips. "Okay, maybe I said that, once or twice. But you don't really act like a boyfriend anyway."
"Pretty boy," Cas replied simply. "Sorry I... Sorry I distracted you." He bent down and picked up one of the fallen garbage cans.
"Dean," Cas said, voice sounding uncharacteristically low on energy. "Stop."
She sighed. 'No, I... I'm in Lebanon. In front of a post office. Could I maybe, I don't know, stay in that bunker place for a couple of days?'
"Thanks, dude." Sam took his shoes and socks off and lied down. "Really appreciate it."
"I guess some do, but they're always a different kind of cute." He smiled. "Imma go see her."
"Irish twin," Gabriel corrected, and shut his mouth when Charlie came to hug her older sister.
"Nah. It's better I stop buying both. Need to save money for rent. And I'll probably get you a gift or two."
"I'm sorry I lied," Kelly said shyly, hugging back.
Because he could, Dean kissed Cas's cheek. "Wanna know what's weird about you?"
"Winchester. Dean." Cas grinned. "My sist-"
As Cas got out of the shower, shaved, and brushed his teeth, he wondered what Dean was doing at that moment. Was he still asleep? Was he cooking the kids breakfast? Where there any bugs bothering him at his parents'?
"H-hi," he responded shyly, then ran off.
She shrugged.  "Maybe you can do something to the ropes."
Her brother slowly opened the door about two or so inches, just enough for her to place the bucket right on top. She taped the other end of the string to the wall above it. Then she jumped down, folded the ladder up, and put it back in the pantry.
Cas furrowed his brow in confusion. "Wha- what pills?"
Sam grinned, keeping his eyes on Jo. "I did. Got nothin' else to do today."
Mary reclined the seat all the way so that she was able to lie flat on her back. Reaching into the large tote bag, she pulled out her book and opened it up, bringing it close to her face.
"Stop, stop! It's cold!" Jack giggled.
The older man nodded. "I did."
In his room, Castiel had put all his stuff with Dean's, almost like he really thought the arrangement was permanent. Dean's clothes, in his closet and dresser, which happened to be meticulously organized, were pushed and moved around to make room for Cas's. It was still neat, but not in the way it was supposed to be. And Castiel's random assortment of colorful shirts were in stark contrast to the solid dark colors of Dean's suits. The shoe organizer now held slippers and beat up sneakers along with Dean's work shoes, lone pair of boots, and the tennis shoes he only wore to the gym (he only went when Cas wasn't working). The guitar had taken up residence on top of the dresser, and sometimes Dean would come home and find him playing it, but the older man always stopped when he noticed Dean. There were ratty dog eared books about yoga thrown haphazardly on the top of Dean's bookcase, which was stuffed full of his color coordinated novels. His own apartment smelled of incense half the time.
Dean cleared his throat. "Cas, this delightful man is Bobby. Our always cheery captain."
"Don't get up," Cas said, pushing his daddy down. He sat down and hugged Miracle's dad tightly. "Missed you so much."
"He can come visit anytime... do you have to go right now?"
She shrugged. "I mean if Dean and Gunner are actually gonna do this longterm, it'd probably be for the best. Move on." She patted his leg and threw the other controller at him.
"Damn good question." Sinking deeper into the couch, Sam buried his face in his hands. "I should've taken Eileen home. She was nice." He looked up. "I can stay here, right? My apartment is completely destroyed."
His stomach rumbled, reminding him he didn't eat dinner, so he walked downstairs to his bowls near the sliding glass door in the kitchen. One of the stray cats Cas fed was slurping from his water dish.
-----
"Crisis averted," Sam declared, and put his arm around Jack. "Let's leave Cas to deal with the drama queen." He led Jack out of the room.
"Gross, guys," Uncle Sammy said, stilling his hand.
Castiel put the frying pan and spatula into the sink and headed to the staircase, where Dean was slowly walking down.
"Sorry!" Maggie didn't sound that sorry.
"It's not supposed to," Cas told him, steering him to the table. "Take a seat and I'll get you some pancakes. Dean, sit."
Dean took a breath. "I love you, Cas. And I am so goddamn sorry. Not just about hitting Mick for kissing you, but everything before then. I know I have a jealousy problem, I do. I just..." he swallowed, eyes shiny as he stared at Castiel. "You are the most amazing, smartest, sweetest person I have ever been with and I was scared to fucking death of you leaving me for someone better. I... I know I fucked up, but if you take me back, I swear I'll do better."
"Dad, where are the keys to the minvan?"
❤💚💙💚💙💚💙❤
The boy looked around and realized it had gotten very dark out. The playground equipment was barely visible.
"The old folks still kickin'?" Despite the glare Cas shot Dean, Jack giggled at the question.
"What?" His hands stilled.
"Impala," Dean replied immediately.
"What?" The high schooler's mouth was covered with ketchup and bits of chopped meat. "I was hungry!"
"Oh. What do you have to do?"
Jack looked at Dean's socks. "What does 'Send Noods' mean?"
Dean, his face scrunched up in pain, groaned. "Every step is like being stabbed."
"Yeah, you're the adult."
"Oh grow up," Dean told them. He opened the book that Jack had picked out earlier in the day, the first book in The Bad Guys series, and started to read.
Miracle walked to the other side of the table and focused his gaze on the chair. He took a couple of steps back and ran right into it, bashing his head on one of the legs. The chair fell and smacked his uncle in the side and Bones stood up, teeth showing and ready to fight.
"You're one to talk, pretty boy."
Jack hugged his Mimikyu tightly.
"If that will make you feel better."
Castiel fist pumped the air planted a big wet kiss on her cheek.
From the porch, holding a mug full of hot chocolate and mini marshmallows, Gabriel watched his brother and Kelly tilting their heads back to catch snowflakes on their tongues, while Jack, Stevie, and Max tossed fistfuls of snow in the air. There was a chill wafting around him, trying to seap through his candy patterned pajama pants and fuzzy teal socks. His oversized brown hoodie kept his torso as warm as the liquid kept his hands.
Cas stood and picked up the remote, putting the television onto regular TV and settling on the news. He turned to Dean and asked if he wanted to go for a walk, and Dean nodded.
Jake held up a white purse, a dripping stain of blood on its bottom. "This proof enough?" He peeked inside. "I see a real sharp knife, and three witnesses saw you grab it off of Mrs. Montgomery and run off with it."
"Whatever," Dean grunted. He opened the door and the two got out, Gabe tossing the bags in.
"Ugh," the boy muttered and crept into the bathroom, where he shut and locked the door before turning on the light. Blinking a few times at the brightness, he peered at himself in the mirror. Yellow bruises sweeped under his eyes like deformed crescent moons, and he poked at the edge of one of them and winced in pain.
Claire uncapped the ketchup and poured it into the bucket.  When it was half full, she turned the water off and squeezed the syrup out.
"What the f-" the voice by the door yelled and Claire realized immediately it was not James. "What is this?"
The front door was open a crack and Cas's heart beat wildly. He couldn't remember if he had locked or not, or if someone had broken in. Leaving the cart on the porch he quietly went inside.
Taking the plastic object, Castiel put it on his head and let the straps tap against his face. "I look like a bee."
"I should film this," Cas commented as he lifted Jack up so he could put a few plates in the cabinet. "This is a once in a lifetime event."
"You needed a hug."
"Blech," Maggie exclaimed. "I've seen my dad and your mom do that, Kevvy."
"But what did daddy whis-" Claire began.
Gabriel was pouring a packet of Splenda into his coffee mug and watching the staring match between his little brother and Dean. He was surprised, when he looked around, to see that Kelly and Charlie were the only other people who seemed to notice.
Patience and Alex were on the couch playing Monoploy with Claire's cousins, Magda and Elijah, and her aunt and uncle's dogs Bones and Scout were lying between them on the floor. Her, Jack, and Kaia were in the corner by the washing machine and dryer.
"It's gonna kill you!" Dean said, shouting from where he was standing on the bed. "It's poisonous!"
Kelly huffed out a laugh that sounded like music to Gabe's ears. He knew the boy preferred hanging out at his brother's bookstore, devouring the pages in one of the comfy chairs and listening in during the weekend storytimes. Swimming lessons at the gym paled in comparison to the written word to the boy.
Sam put a box of Coco Puffs on top of the fridge. "Not the worst idea."
"I have a name," Dean growled. "It- I'm-"
"Hello, Dean," he greeted, trying to ignore the incessant pounding of his heart.
The rectangle was a large metal suitcase and on top of it was a bulging duffel bag. Two cardboard boxes, a backpack, and a guitar leaned against it.
"Alright. Fine. What's the word?"
Dean rubbed his cheek against Cas's hair and hummed happily.
The older man puffed out a breath. "She said they got drunk and fucked, and that was when she realized she really liked him. And she freaked about it and came here."
*****
Pink blossomed on his skin, and he rubbed the back of his neck with the hand holding the knife, and Dean had to stop himself from the snatching it away. "She, uhm, asked me about our... relationship."
"That's 'cause you're gross."
"But it's boring," Claire whined. "What are we supposed to do?"
Dean crossed his arms. "Can't believe you're being so frugal after your complaints about Cas's parents last night."
"I could do a lot in six years."
Her twin, Jack,  pointed at Cas. "Butt paint!"
After about another hour of tossing snow at each other and making angels on the ground, everyone went inside, shaking flakes off their bodies and hanging their coats up to dry. In the kitchen, Helen had a chocolate fudge Entenmann's cake and homemade lemon and white chocolate chip cookies ready on the table. Kelly's cousin, Asa, brought out a deck of cards and him, Gabe, Kelly, Deacon, and Lorraine played poker for awhile with pocket change, and everybody else piled into the living room to watch  The Nightmare Before Christmas at Jack's request.
"I mean I'm surprised," Dean admitted, shaking his head slightly. "I was gonna come home for Thanksgiving, you know that."
"Mr. Jones," Cas said loudly. "Mr. Jones."
Cas didn't even realize he was smiling. "Oh. I uh. Was just thinking about my... friend. He always puts something dirty when he frosts Christmas cookies."
Dean slid to a stop, his feet nearly coming of his water shoes. Turning to the direction of the voice, he raised his eyebrows, surprised to see Castiel.
"Oh. Thanks.... you two... good luck." He ran out the door and slammed it shut.
Dr. Garrison raised a brow at him and smirked. "That's the gay pride flag. My niece made it in art class."
Dean looked over at the dog bed. "Whe-where is Miracle? Sic 'em, girl."
"Foot doctor? Ear, nose, and throat?"
"How come you live in a big house all by yourself?" Dean didn't get a chance to take a look around the place because the second Cas locked the front door he picked Dean up like a new bride and carried him up the stairs, but he was able to count three bedrooms besides Cas's as he was taken down the hall.
Dean rolled his eyes. "I'll keep that in mind."
The lawn was covered in about two inches of packed snow. An inflatable Frosty the Snowman and Grinch bobbed in the light breeze and several lit reindeer were arranged in a curved line. The house was a pale blue color and had a porch with a swing seat and rocking chair, and a string of red and green lights blinked in the glow of the setting sun.
for a second before continuing down the sidewalk.
Cas ran off to their bedroom, and he could hear the thwap of Dean's slippers against the floor behind him. He slid the last few feet to the cracked open door and pushed it. Jack was just slamming the top dresser drawer closed when he came in.
He grinned. "When you come to Cali. In a few days. Or a week or two."
Castiel nodded, smiling. "Ambriel. My parents adopted her a few months ago."
"Yeah, I know. Insurance problem. Grown up stuff."
"Your parents?"
"It's o-k-kay, girl," Dean soothed though chattering teeth, using his free hand to scratch the dog behind her ear. "Ev-v-erything is gon-n-nna be okay... what the h-hell?"
"Please, just get in. I really want you to."
Another jerk of the car had Dean gasping and clutching his dog, shutting his eyes again, and he thought he heard the woman yell "Fuck".
His clothes were thrown at the wall, and he yanked Castiel's briefs down so fast he thought he heard the elastic stretch. He stared briefly at the cigarette burns that dotted his thighs before looking away.Dean lied down, head on the pillow, while Cas got the lube and condom. The older man ripped the wrapper open and tossed it behind him before spreading the condom on his thick cock.
Sam and Eileen came in first, and Sam pulled the chair out for his girlfriend. Mary, Dean, and Jack were close behind, Mary choosing to sit next to Sam, and Dean and Jack choosing to sit across from eachother at the other table.
"Don't let them do this, Cas," Dean murmered, and Jack could desperation in his voice. They were bathed in star light and holding hands. "I need you."
Dean turned to Cas. "Hey."
"Your siblings are so cute," Castiel whispered.
Dean sniffed. "No, but it's a good idea."
"What?"
Dean bit his lip. "God, he is a weird kid. Let's go." He held out his hand for Castiel to take and they headed out the door. Castiel grabbed his skateboard and helmet from the porch.
Cas was gone for four days. Jack was the one who had texted him updates and called once for advice. When Dean asked the kid if Castiel told him why he was angry at Dean, Jack immediately said yes but refused to tell him the reason.
As the mattress deflated, Gabe cleared his throat.  "Since Cas and Dean are leaving, I was wondering if I could... maybe stay?  I-I can just take the ride with them if I can't,  I don't hav t-"
Jack waved his hand in front of Dean's face. "Are you okay?"
Cas patted his head. "Yes, sure."
Again, he tried to read his book, but he still wasn't able to concentrate. He stretched, yawned, and put his book on his nightstand. Grabbing Mimikyu and Luke, Jack pulled the covers over the three of them and closed his eyes. It didn't take long for him fall asleep.
Miracle barked and tackled him.
"Whatcha mean?" Dean eyed him suspiciously as they made their way to the house.
He felt a shadow cover his body. He knew it was Kaia; their other friends were still chasing each other near the Willows.
Just as he was closing the door, his dad was coming out of a patient room, pulling on his tie-dyed Wildwood, New Jersey sweatershirt.
Castiel rolled his eyes and finished up. Carefully balancing the three plates, he slowly walked to the table and offered his arms to Dean, who grabbed two of them. The third one Cas had to poke his dad with.
The rain had started pouring from the sky in the ten seconds it took to get into the building, and the five of them were soaked. They all changed into pajamas even though it was early. The three kids put on their shark shirts; Jack's had a tiger shark, Kevin's a great white, and Maggie's a hammerhead.
"That's a lie. Have you... met him yet?"
Dean blew out a breath. "Pie would have been better."
"Ha. Basically. And then my girlfriend, Kaia, and I got into this really big argument. She kept going on about how I'm always doing dumb impulsive shit on hunts and then started complaining about all of my faults, like how I make snide comments when she makes healthy crap for dinner and how I refuse to go to the doctor except in emergencies and the fact that I don't really exercise."
Cas snatched the bottle out the boy's hand and chased him around the living room, spraying him.
"Oh for Christ's sake," Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in exasperation. "We were having sex, kid. Something I hope you don't plan on doing with Maggie or Claire."
Ben plopped Kat in front of the computer and put Emma in her playpen. Maple Syrup sat in front of it on her bed, eyeing anyone who came near her. Then he turned on the TV to play Mario Party with Owen and Jesse Jr.
"Wait a sec, doc," his dad interrupted. "Hold that thought. Gotta drop the kids off at the pool, if you catch my drift."
"Oh my God, dad. Please." Dean stood and grabbed his phone.
"No, no," Gabriel said, waving his hand dismissively. "I agree. I wanted to cook up some real hamburgers. I tried to buy some beef at the store but Cas forced me not to."
"There's something else I wanna suck up."
"I was referring to you."
"What happened?" Cas asked.
"Can you hurry up?" Dean begged, trying to keep himself still.
The shopping cart Cas had wheeled to the supermarket four blocks from his house was still slick with rain as he dropped in a loaf a whole wheat bread. He had already put in a gallon of fat free milk, apple juice, and butter in the reusable bags and was thinking of what fruit to buy.
Dean shook them both off. "Ignore them." He swallowed nervously. "They're, uh, just idiots." He yelped when Jo kicked him in the shin.
After picking out their snacks, the two brothers headed to the line and waited for Jo. Looking to his left,  Dean saw a dark blue baby carriage, an infant Chinese girl strapped into it, smiling and holding a stuffed bird dressed like the devil.
Cas sent a quick text to Garth, asking him to get someone to clean up the mess, then headed out after his family.
"We aren't," Dean insisted, a little loudly. "He is also leaving when he finds a place." Castiel's arms slid from his body and he felt the man take a step back.
"Okay, okay. I get it. What do you want to do?"
Right before Dean sat down, Cas pulled the chair out for him, making Dean blush. He was already feeling weird because the doctor had a brown trenchcoat on over a suit, and Dean felt underdessed in his plaid shirt, dark blue T-shirt, and jeans.
"Well, keep it up, man." A thought he'd been wanting to articulate creeped up. "You know what's great about heaven? I mean besides everything?"
Dean moved a pillow off the cushion next to Cas and sat down. "You were snoring."
"What do you think?"
In his room, Dean locked the door and sat on his bed, slipping off his bunny slippers while Castiel hung his coat up in the closet. The man then toed off his sneakers and unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his toned body and the scruffy hair on his chest. A line of dark hair disappeared into his jeans. Dean bit his bottom lip and felt an erection start to form. He shifted slightly.
"Yeah they're probably out on hunts," Maggie answered. "Or just hangin' out somewhere. Not everyone actually lives here, they come and go as they please. Jules actually took a few guys to Disneyland."
Dean licked his lips. "I just said I met a cute guy and we quickly got, uhm... intimate."
"She must feel really bad."
"Uh... yeah, I guess. Why?"
"Yes. He lives in the attic. He spends most of his time in there."
"With me!" Jack answered excitedly. He grabbed her uninjured wrist and led her away from the library. Maggie watched them go and sighed heavily before picking up Claire's duffel and following.
Listening as his dad creaked over the floorboards, Dean kept his gaze away from Cas. Mortified was the word that came to mind. He swallowed.
"Why didn't you just bring us something?" Sam asked.
"I read his autobiography. You should, it's a great read."
His thoughts halted when a fat drop a rain sliped through a crack above him and landed on his forehead.
"Uh huh," she squeaked. She cleared her throat and finished emptying the syrup. Lifting the bucket, she wiped the bottom with a dish towel until it was bone dry. Then she asked Kaia to get the stepladder from the pantry. Next, she taped a piece of the twine to the bottom of the bucket. Kaia opened the ladder and put it next the door.  "Jack," she whispered as she climbed, trying not to grunt, "open the door a little."
"Since you developed a brain disorder," Gabriel quipped, and he seemed proud of himself for saying it. "This whole fake relationship thing is just like those terrible Hallmark movies. But this is real life."
Jack sat up and rubbed at his eyes. Yawning, he got off his bed, tiptoeing into the hallway. He stared at the dark form of Sam pacing in the living room. The baby's cries filled the air and dug into Jack's brain.
"Obvious to everyone except him it seems... It's been about seven years. I figured it out two months after we met."
"Are you okay?" Cas asked, tilting his head.
Cas pushed Fred in his chair, rolling him to the rest of the family, Gabriel right behind him.He leaned in close to his little brother and mumbled, "What was that weird look he gave you? You think he knows you're gay?"
Cas got up with the list and pen clenched in his fist. He got under the covers with his boyfriend and handed the paper over. "I wrote down things Claire, Jack, Maggie and I could do together tomorrow."
"How about we tell scary stories?" Maggie suggested, smiling brightly.
"I'm gonna smack all three of you with the rest of this slice," Dean growled.
Cas kept glancing to his left, paranoid someone would be able to see where Dean's mouth was, despite the fact that he had parked his car in front of the small alley so no one would see them.
Jo twisted up her face in disgust. "Ew. Why?"
Cas leaned into him. "Emma and Ben okay?"
"There's my Jackie boy," Dean muttered as he kissed the top of his head.
"Good morning, love," Cas greeted as Dean kissed his cheek. "It's barely 8 and you're up and showered. Your mother, Sam, and Eileen are even still asleep. You feeling okay?" He lifted his hand up to feel Dean's forehead and chuckled when his boyfriend slapped him away.
His brother tossed the shirt into the open dresser drawer. "She can hire an escort. Y- we barely know her. She could be in some kind of cult. Haven't you ever heard of human sacrifice?"
With a snort, Cas opened his eyes and took a second to remember where he was and what was happening. He was sitting on the couch, the television on low and turned to Paw Patrol. Clothes and toys and crumbs of food covered the living room carpet. Jack was drooling into the stained grey AC/DC shirt Cas had been wearing for the past few days and his red plaid pajamas bottoms were covered in mashed peas and carrots.
Dean tried not to look at the words on the screen as he sang, but when he stumbled over a few too many words he reluctantly read them, eyes focused on the bright little screen.
"I'll get it," Dean offered, getting up and walking quickly to the stove. He scraped the remaining food out of it with a large spoon. "Here, have the rest."
Felix rubbed his head against Jack's chin.
"You okay?" Cas asked, still laughing
"Suck it up."
"Sam take a picture," Jack heard his mom say.
As he was turning to go to his room, something in the playpen caught his eye. Looking closer, he saw his teddy bear clutched tightly in the baby's little fists.
Cas sighed and shook his head. He was thinking about Dean; the day before, the two had spent the whole day together. They had ice cream and pizza and when Castiel told Dean his dad was a writer on Dr. Sexy, MD, and that he'd never actually seen it, Dean forced Cas to watch it and peppered him with questions.
"Ah," Dean moaned. Finally, Castiel pulled his hand out and shoved his into him, and the younger man bit his lip to keep quiet. Balls rested against his ass, and he shut his eyes, listening to Cas breathing. "M-move. Please."
"Good for him. Where's the car?" Castiel started heading down the sidewalk.
Dean put his arms up in confusion. "I have no idea what you are talking about. What have we done that would have benefitted from a safe word?"
Castiel turned to the noise and saw the high schooler running towards him, but then Dean smashed his head aginst a low hanging branch and fell to the ground.
"My ass doesn't hurt."
"It's not a-" Sam sighed again. "That's Cas's."
"Yeah."
"Did you hurt it on a hunt?" Jack asked excitedly. He had stopped slamming on his laptop.
"It, uhm usually," Sam said shrugging. "That was... you guys startled to me."
She shrugged. "She means well, but she can be so annoying. I don't blame my sister." She looked out at the five of them, still pelting snow at eachother. "I mean, she picked a good fake boyfriend. Cas is dreamy, for a guy."
"Or they'll chop your body up and eat you, then it'll be forever."
"I'm a lifeguard here."
A pot smoking hippie who slept until noon and wasn't a fan of deodarant and spoke bluntly (rudely) and only seemed to call Dean when he wanted his cock sucked. He lived in a studio apartment that always stunk with weed and whatever incense he was burning and didn't own a TV and could barely work a cellphone and kicked Dean out after sex. He drank too much wine and hated holidays and never bought Dean anything other than sex toys.
Castiel took it and nodded. He went over to the the blanket and sighed happily when he saw Dean's smile. Taking a seat right next to him, Cas opened the cooler.
Castiel pushed into him harder, going faster. His cock stabbed his prostate and precum dribbled out of Dean's slit. He whined again, aching to touch himself. His balls started to tighten and he came, shooting white onto his stomach and chest. Cas fucked into him a few more times before he stilled. He breathed heavily and pulled out of Dean. He threw the condom out and got off the bed.
Dean grumbled to himself and dropped next to Maggie, arms crossed. He let out a soft gasp when he saw Felix and slid a foot away from her.
Dean let out a puff of breath. "Wow. That was... amazing."
Dean heard a loud thud as something hit the Impala, and slowly he opened his eyes. Confused at the sight outside, he shuffled a little closer to the opposite door and gazed at a woman who appeared to be riding a Swiffer, a bright red gas can hanging on its handle. She had a pale face and sharp cheekbones, and an expression that seemed both baffled and angry. Greasy waves of dark hair whipped around her in the wind of the twister and she had on a black leather jacket over a light purple shirt and black ripped jeans. A necklace bounced wildly against her chest.
Cas had just closed his eyes when he felt Dean shaking him by the shoulder.
-But my daddy said he needs a human female! It'll make him happy.-
"Watch the road," Cas hissed, eyes flicking between his husband and son. "And keep your voice down, you'll wake the angel."
"Huh?"
"He dropped off a present for you," Cas said. He was sitting in one of the seats that faced the window of the dojo. A few other parents were sitting on the chairs next to him, including Kevin's mom and Maggie's dad, who happened to be Castiel's cousin Gabriel. Jack found him slightly annoying, but he would never say that out loud.
Miracle looked at each of them, tail wagging faster.
"No you will not!"
Channing, from the other team, got the ball and kicked it over to Krissy. Jack kept his eyes on her as she ran toward him. As she was getting close, he heard a loud gasp from the bleachers and turned to the noise.
"Is she asleep?" he asked.
"We're going jogging," Sam told him. "All of us. You wanna come?"
"How do you feel?" Cas asked, rubbing the red marks the ropes left behind on Dean's skin.
"I probably won't."
"Mick... Mick didn't kiss me at the Halloween party."
"You need to be more careful," Castiel said smoothly.
"That was from my heart, I just wrote it down first."
"Are you serious?"
"Wh- uh, I..." Dean shifted, feeling five pairs of eyes him. "It's... I'm just not use to veggie burgers. Only, y'know..."
Jack felt the wooden sword tap his back and he stomped his foot. It was the third time Kaia had killed him.
"Boyfriend, huh?" Dean's dad nudged him. "You and Bonfire Boy got real close real quick, yeah?"
Castiel rubbed his temples. "Gabriel. You need to stop. Kelly will be here in a half hour." He snatched a dark green shirt out of his hands.
Cas's hands, by instinct, had traveled to the belt around Dean's jeans and pulled him closer, so they were flush against one another. Dean had one hand on the back of Castiel's head, fingers thtough his hair, and the other gripping his hip.
"No," Cas replied, giving Dean a glare. He had slipped on his rainbow boxers and a black T-shirt. "Dean threw out the instructions to the waffle maker and insisted on figuring it out himself."
Dean cleared his throat and tried to sound casual. "H-hey."
Cas, leaning against the door with his arms crossed, watched him with a unamused expression. "You look fine. I think maybe you're making a big deal out of nothing."
That idiot is so unbelievably in love with him, Gabriel thought.
"I suppose I was a little rough last night. But I haven't seen you in three weeks, can you blame me?"
He shook his head. "Cas was fourteen the last time we celebrated it, before I aged out."
"Maybe you should spend a couple nights away from here."
Castiel stared into Dean's eyes, gaze flicking to his lips and back. He scratched the back of his neck. Heart pounding, he took a step closer to Dean and cupped his cheek. "There is absolutely no one better than you."
"Oh."
Dean decided it was would be best not to tell his adoptive son about what he did during the holiday before he met Cas; he instinctively knew it would be inappropriate. "It's a day where you spend too much money on the person you're dating by getting them a card some idiot wrote a shitty poem on and handing them a boquet of flowers that will die within two weeks and get a heart shaped box full of chocolate candies, most of which taste like garbage." He thought for a second. "There are these chalky heart shaped candies with tiny writing that actually taste good."
"Five."
After awhile he got bored and decided to head over to Castiel's tent; the astronomer had a telescope set up for anyone who wanted to look through it and "peer at the miraculous wonders of our vast universe", as he put it. He also sold charts of the patterns the stars made to form constellations. Jack always gave him a golden butterfly every festival.
Claire and her brother exchanged a glance.
"I think he'd spontaneously combust if he ate McDonald's," Hannah said.
Dean screeched and jumped onto Cas, who caught him effortlessly. The Winchester had his arms around Castiel's neck, and Cas had one arm around his back and the other hooked behind his knees. Jack started laughing again.
"It's not gonna change if you stare at it."
His dad popped a piece of chicken into his mouth. "You do do that, babe."
"Whatcha watching in there, kiddo?"
"How long did you teach English for?" Gabe gave his brother a subtle wink as he set a plate down on the long mahogany table.
"Delcious," Dean said brightly. Leaning in, he kissed Cas again, bringing his hands up the man's face.
"I was saying I'm naked and not tired. And in bed."
"Of course you can," Castiel squeezed Dean's shoulders. "Maggie will be very happy to see him."
"They use to, Grandma!" He licked a strip maple syrup off his arm. "It's true! I think they should be boyfriends again. So does my mommy."
"Let me help," Kelly said, kneeling next to him. "It's right over here..." She placed her hand on the valve he didn't notice, and without thinking he put his hand over hers.
"Jack and I are going to look for frogs in the woods tomorrow night.  Do you wanna come?"
Jack gasped. "You can't kill it! It's just a poor little creature!"
"You're gonna do great there, pretty boy."
"I'm gonna faint," Dean declared as Cas took the dish from his shaking hands. "And throw up. Maybe in that order. Cas, gouge my eyes out first."
"Hey, Cas." Dean's dark blue jacket was splattered with snow and his cheeks bloomed pink. A white beanie that made him look absolutely adorable was pulled down to cover the tips of his ears. The man stared at Castiel silently for a second or two before looking down at the box in his gloved hands. "I, uh, brought some stuff you left at my place. Some books and an old toothbrush and junk."
She put her hands on her hips, letting her suitcase fall to the floor. "That's a fine how do you do. I haven't seen you in six months and this is the greeting I get?"
"Oh. Yeah. Just my wrist."
He had a view of the side door of Dean's house and directly across from his window he could see into a bedroom. All he could see though was a bookcase and the edge of a bed.
"Nope. She's just a genius. And my grandfather may or may not be a bit psychic. No one knows for sure." She sat up and crossed her legs. "So, about Cas. Jack was tellin' me he misses Dean."
"I still feel bad about canceling twice," he explained. "I'll get the tip as well."
Jack had met Kevin and Maggie at the party after his mom and Sam had gotten married. Kevin and his mom were friends with the Winchesters and Maggie, Gabriel, and Gabriel's mom had come in from California. Jack had to sit with the two kids at the children's table, and he had been uncomfortable at first. He'd had a hard time looking at them. The kids Jack knew usually thought he was a freak and refused to be anywhere near him. There was always a huge space between him and his schoolmates at the table during lunch. Jack never understood exactly why no one wanted to be his friend. It had never been explained. Every kid he asked just told him he was a weirdo and nobody liked him.
"Grandpa John!" He ran to his step grandfather and the man picked him up and swung him around.
Todd blew out a puff of air. "Fine." He picked up his ball and ran off.
"I guess." Jack stared the floor
"So, Mr. Kline," Gabe started. "You and Cas have something in common. Both men of literature. He owns a bookstore."
"Doubt it." He reached behind him to put his beer in the armrest's cupholder and tugged lightly on Castiel's wrist. Cas sat on the edge and Dean sat up and hugged him from behind. "Let's just stay in here together. Little alone time since the kids aren't inside. If you get what I mean."
"C-Cas... I don't know what to say here."
"Just about everybody. We're a real couple of dumbasses, huh?"
Dean felt his lower lip quiver. "She must be outside. Oh, God. She's probably hiding u-under a tree o-"
Under the covers, he grabbed Luke and held on tight, face pressed against fake brown fur.
Dean did a double take. "What? What do you mean? Why? When did you bring this in? How did you get in here? How do you even know where I live?"
"M-maybe I should just go..." Dean stood and nearly tripped out of the tub.
Dean grabbed onto Cas's shirt. "I can walk just fine."
"What's my prognosis?"
Castiel wobbled slightly as he lifted his arm. He grunted as his hand landed on the spot.
Eileen laughed. "It's a cartoon. And we can just rewind it."
"You breath smells like wet dog." Kevin pressed the trigger and dart hit Jack in the chest. The boy fell back onto the ground, stuck his tongue out, and crossed his eyes. "I'm dead now," he whispered.
Cas furrowed his brow. "What?"
Dean sobbed loudly, and just as Jack took a step forward, there was the piercing sound of a bugle being blown. It was time for the last event of the night.
"Great." Dean kissed him again, on the lips this time. He lyed his head on his pillow and rubbed circles on Cas's stomach. "So, what do you want to do now? We could go for a drive, or watch a movie, maybe get somethin' to eat at the Roadhouse... I could try giving you a blowjob again. Jo gave me some pointers."
"Oh, shut up. Everyone likes sitting in here. It's called having fun. I'm sure you've at least heard of it."
His cousin pouted. "Please? You won't have to pay, I have some money."
Cas narrowed his eyes at him and said, "I'll have a half cup of Sprite, and for dinner I would like grilled chicken with a side of sweet potato fries and a small kale salad. No dressings."
A question Jack had been mulling over the past few weeks popped into his head, and without thinking he asked it. "What's it like having a little sister?"
"I don't know, that's why I'm asking you."
Dean breathed through his nose. "Cas, I-"
"Uh, well," he rubbed the back of his neck. "It's a little b-"
"Fuck!" Sam screeched. His left knee shot up and knocked into the side of Eileen's jaw, and then he let out a scream. She released his dick and cried out, clutching the spot he had hit. Sam covered his groin, eyes squeezed shut as he collpased to the floor.
"She's n- they are- they went out twice. Dad has not called her his girlfriend. I-I dont want to talk about this anymore. G-g-get out."
"What's gonna stop them from going out and getting pizza?" Jack asked.
"I hate weed," Dean announced. "And that incense stuff stinks."
"Delicious," the man said, crumbs falling from the triceratops in his mouth. Jack smiled proudly.
He had just finished reading Mossflower when Benny's booming voice called his name. Dean and the rest of the table's occupants all looked up as Benny walked into the kitchen, Cas trailing behind him with a plastic container in his hands.
His gaze flicked between the two of them and settled on Cas for a little bit longer than Gabe thought necessary. "Uh huh."
Dean shot each of them an annoyed look. "He's not my boyfriend and he has a name. Castiel."
"You're getting all filthy," his daddy whined. "Come on, stop!"
"I am aware that it is Sunday."
"Switch with her."
Cas gave him a smirk. "More fun this way."
"Can I make a suggestion?" Dean asked as he heard Castiel opening and (thankfully) closing cabinets.
He tried to swallow the lump in his throat. It had been six weeks and he still felt that pang in his chest everytime he saw her. They parted as friends and Dean claimed he was over her, but he knew that wasn't completely true. This vacation certainly didn't help him forget her.
Castiel looked shy, Dean thought. "So I know you're leaving Thursday... uhm, do you think you and your family would want to come over to my parents' for dinner tomorrow night? They said it was okay."
He felt Cas slip his own hands down the back of Dean's trunks, and he  pulled away to let out a gasp. Embarrassed, he tried to recover by nipping at Castiel's neck, and he felt a swell of pride when Cas let out satisfied groan. Feeling bold, Dean ground his crotch against Castiel's, and the man groaned louder.
A knock on the window startled the three of them. Garth's grinning face was leaning down, looking into the car. His hair was slicked back with water, and he was waving happily.
"Dean," Jack shrieked happily. He leaped over the steps and ran over, his grandmother walking at a normal pace behind him. "Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean!" The little boy wrapped his short arms around Dean tightly. "Did ya bring Ben and Emma and Josie?"
"Yes. He looks beautiful."
"Aw, they are so cute," Eileen said, lookng at Cas's rectangle. "How old are they?"
'Dumah said guner came first. Waitied for dean.'
Cas scratched the back of Dean's neck. "Calm down. It's fine." He filled two glasses with milk and put them on the table.
His dad raised an eyebrow at him. "Why?"
