weapons anyway?
legacy as his own.
"But it was a dictator!"
"W-what are you doing here? I thought you had left for good" ('
be Skynet"
If AIs could be worried, Jarvis certainly would be running mad.
A high-neck tick golden dress kept the arc reactor far, as she smooches her way into the place, taking a glass of champagne in one hand, while the other touched coldly her "partner" in the arm.
~State of NY
And with her small face up, a pressed smile in it, she would walk, behind Mr. Stark or in Mrs. Stark's arms (
"How ironic, Toni! Trying to rid the world of weapons, you gave it its best one ever! And now, I'm going to kill you with it!"
, a bit less or a bit smarter, everything would be right, wouldn't it?
Natasha was a strong woman. No one could deny that, principally after she started using her suit to fight terrorism around the world.
The agents left as they came, silent and sneaky and slimy.
"So you two basically decided
Antoinette drank three more glasses.
she go to college at fourteen when he only got there at seventeen?).
"I know you do, darling" She had the decency to look ashamed as she hugged him "But I'm a big grow-ass woman. I also have the big suit of weaponized armor, soooo….."
) "-, so I am here"
"Indeed, Mr. Coulson. Also, here are the cards, so you can stick to the story and don't slip up anything"
And she would be damned if she let them corrupt her with their glowing cube of hell.
Extremis I was in her body, but dormant. Except for making her brain a hundred times faster, her body leaner and prettier and younger and stronger, and her hands-free of burns, her insides free of sickness, her mornings free of hangovers, it didn't give her any special powers.
"Mistress, I wouldn't indicate this course of action" If an AI could sound worried, Jarvis certainly would "Do you want me to call Miss Potts?"
"We mostly want to keep you safe, as Iron Man connection with S.I. is explicit" He sighed again "The press will be crazy"
Dark? No.
"Yeah, baby boy" She ruffled a bit "What you momma have here?"
Calm Russia wasn't going to be simple, not when they had so much
). She will follow the rules (
She dropped out her faceplate, looking at the agents.
" ~MIT Journal
Natasha may have some destructive tendencies, but she loved herself, loved her body. So, dying wouldn't be happening.
So, Natasha covered her bruises and the purple bags under her eyes with make-up, let her hair down and her crimson lipstick on.
So she created.
"I can't settle, you know why? Because I have a stupid-ass sister that will video call me three in the morning to tell me that she had sex with that creepy Killian guy"
Not that anyone knew it was her, but well...
"You are almost thirty already? Uh oh, old man, you should be settling" Natasha laughed, her legs up against her couch, the video call in a hologram in front of her.
Before that (
, but the superhero thing. You're only 22, Sorella." He sighed again" I worry about you."
, her new badass P.A. (
"As I said in MIT: You're not cutting my sex with all your '
"Pepper, overload him" She screamed through the sound system as soon as she could make the other man fall. "Let's send him to space"
Oh, Pepper told her.
"But a superhero, if I ever saw one," He said, unimpressed by the table.
"I'll keep talking about the plans for the Marie II"
"So she better runs, if she knows something. If your little P.A. runs fast enough, I might not catch her. But it might be a little late for you, Toni"
), and, sometimes, when Antonia was bigger, between both of them.
before the other woman barged in her office demanding things left and right and correcting a math problem that came from the Economy Office, and not from her,
Pepper orchestrated this, so she would be safe (
She had her first taste of wine.
Her devious smile for the screaming press was splattered on every front page the next day.
" Obadiah sighed, but the expression lacked any emotion "It's a pity you had to go and fuck it all, wanting to control everything and then, destroying S.I."
So Antoinette
of a father get himself killed"
Why they had
Pepper loved her, but she had so much more to care for, and Rhodes was always so far…. Obadiah wasn't there for her as a person, just for her
The man leading the people (
So, Antoinette (now called
"I think I can do this" He shrugged "Fair enough. Let's go. If you don't want to show the world your little arc reactor, you don't need to"
), put a red bolt on it and smiled (
The woman took a step back, fumbling to the couch, squirming for a weapon, a gun,
"'Kay. But if you do another stunt like this again, I will shove my high heel so far up your ass-"
Gosh, she needed a long shower.
mean she wasn't seeing a divided world in 1998.
Howard didn't teach her how to be a shark. He taught her how to be a snake. A slick, smart, venous,
"I may tell you to considerate it, but Tones, I'm here on your behalf. Brother and sister, forever. Remember?"
Nor she needed her patronizing attitude towards her, that was
"-cement and Logistics Division, or, as you acronym it,
"Approximately eleven months, boss."
her because of
. So no. I'm not a
For the U.S.
"So, I doubt you'll be following the Scary Secretaries Plan. So, what you're doing?"
) would often talk to her, but she needed more than him. She needed an equal. She needed a
"Which one are you? C.I.A.? F.B.I.? S.W.A.T.? S.H.I.E.L.D.? You know what? It doesn't matter. Let me take this to the mansion, I won't deal with you here"
Sited in a table, her heart only functioning because of a car battery, she decided don't do weapons anymore.
." It was a low blow and she knew that she just didn't care (
"Destroy them, minx" He winked, and climbed the stairs, saying a few words to the press and standing aside, in her right side as always.
The second but not least was that
"Yeah, yeah. Go know, I need peace of mind and you are
She didn't talk to him until she was obliged in front of the presentation. She was hurt, she was deeply hurt and pained by his words.
), how to make history, love politics and dominate the economy.
- and I will
She sighed. Rhodey did a lot of shit in between these last few years. But he was, after all, her brother, who had been here for bad and worse and even
"Well….. Like the first, I have to ask what everyone is itching to discover: What is Iron Man, as the flying hot red and golden armor was dubbed by the media, connection to you?"
So, she started building an armor.
, and after so many weeks on Afghanistan, Natasha had time to think.
She entered the party, owning it. Face up, hair down, red lipstick on, and devious smile in her lips.
"Skynet is evil, dear. And I don't wanna go to the Congress about my tech ever again, not after last month debacle."
Then, he injected in his daughter when she was sleeping, his first human subject, back from her third year at college, with wonderful stories for Jarvis
"I'm sure I shouldn't be surprised that you know about us"
"How'd you solve the icing problem?"
cared), and Rhodes was there suddenly, pushing her to a corner, looking like he didn't even
"I'm alive, I don't suffer from PTSD or anything, I'm not reopening S.I. Weapons Division and that is that" She smiled "Any other questions will have to wait until my adorable P.A. come with decent quotes, what I would do without a little Pepper, my friends?"
So, Toni began to organize everything from S.I. on her own. She did the weapons and the bots and the economic plans. Her father was now just an image.
But now Toni was stronger (
-----------------Some Hours Later-------------------
"This is how we're thinking is best," Said Coulson, the epitome of righteousness, looking at her P.A. (
It could be worse.
Of course, besides Rhodes (
"How?"
"Better be safe than sorry, let's drawn up a will, J"
"I'm Agent Coulson, and I'm here in the name of Strategic Homeland Intervention, Infor-"
) learned. And she astounded the world. Made weapons thrice as better as her father (
"I don't have a doubt you were inconsolable" Natasha rolled her eyes. (
She put so much effort into being perfect. But she could never be perfect ('
They let the silence reign a bit, the barely-woman looking at her StarkPad, at new designs for the Jericho, and its continuation, the Eden ('
He tried again to replicate the serum, now using for base the trials in Russia on some strange virus and the small robots of the initial trials in medicine.
"Not your best idea, Sorella, but it might go well…. Just don't blow anyone, ok?"
Then it happened. In a moment she was in a kind of armored truck, raged with Rhodes, and then she was on the floor.
She sat on her couch, trying to look less tired and beat-up. But, being the young adult, just scratching 23, that she was (doesn't matter all the trauma, in the end, Toni knows she is just a child in this big bad world, learning to walk the steps of her father), Natasha could only look distressed.
“She needs a break, but I got it. I promise. You make lunch for the five of us and Isabel and I will be there by the time you’re done.” Tony ended it with a kiss and a smile. There was a pause from Steve before he nodded in agreement
Natasha and Bruce didn’t say anything to that, but both looked as though they were thinking, when Natasha spoke up.
“Like I got hit by a bus. Repeatedly,” the teenager mumbled, leaning in a bit to his father's touch.
“Not that you need it, because you’re probably a lot more prepared than you realize, but yes. I will absolutely help you in any way you need. Though you will still be going to sleep at a reasonable time tonight.” After another moment, Isabel let her shoulders slump but got out of her chair.
“I’ll go with you then,” Steve spoke after a minute, having followed them and watched from the doorway. Tony looked over at him like he had said he had just given birth to a chicken.
“It could be three weeks and include no Spiderman patrol instead of just limited patrol,” Steve spoke up. Peter’s eyes widened as he shook his head.
Steve nodded and Tony couldn’t sit still any more during this conversation. Steve stayed sitting, while Tony got up and started pacing, looking anywhere but at Steve, while Steve looked only at Tony.
"Which one?"
“Good luck with that,” Matt said as he pulled away from his parents. “They’re both freaking out, and Isabel still isn’t thrilled with you guys.”
“It’ll probably help you feel better,” Steve mentioned when he saw Peter hesitate. After a contemplative pause, he nodded his head, and Steve pushed his plate over to Peter.
“I mean, you’re right, but I kind of thought we had moved past that.”
Tony stared at Steve, trying to figure out what he meant. He couldn’t possibly mean that they at some point had moved on to something more, but Tony couldn’t think of what else Steve could have meant. He might be dumb but he wasn’t that dumb.
“What should I do? I’m terrible at talking to people, especially Tony. I just get nervous every time I see him.”
Tony, still shaking, nodded a little, as he tried to follow Steve’s breathing. This lasted less than a minute, as Tony started to hyperventilate, and tried to curl into a ball, pulling away from Steve.
Tony knew being friends with benefits was a bad idea. He knew it was a bad idea and yet he was the one who had pursued it. The one who kept flirting with Steve, but saying he didn’t want a relationship. Then insisted that they don’t tell the rest of the team, because “that might mess with dynamics and shit like that.” Now he was the one who had caught feelings and had to figure out what to do about them. Why did he always go for things he knew were dumb?
“What are we supposed to do about this Steve? He’s never done anything like this before!” Tony shook a bit as he spoke, choosing not to continue drinking his coffee.
“Except for when he got bit by a radioactive spider and developed superpowers. And instead of telling us he became Spiderman and would sneak out behind our back, stay out super late, and put himself in extremely dangerous situations while fighting crime.” Steve stated, earning him a glare from his husband.
“Tony hurry up!” Steve shouted, grabbing his and Tony's coats from the front closet as he waited by the elevator.
“Yeah, I don’t want to risk a manic or depressive episode during AP’s, so I’ve been making sure to eat and sleep and take breaks.” Even as he said that though Tony could see the bags under his eyes, and the energy he usually held was gone. Steve stepped closer as well, carding his hand through his son’s hair.
“Babe, I love you, but you are not going to the meeting with me.”
“TONY NO YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE ON MY SIDE”
“You’re going to let them leave once they’re adults?” Natasha would always ask, which earned her a glare and a mumbled response about them not needing to move out when there is so much room in the tower already.
“Look at me again please.”
“I have to go. This was dumb. This whole thing.”
“Yeah, Operation Check Yes or No sounds good.”
December 16th, Tony wouldn’t get out of bed. Steve had a feeling this would happen, though he hoped that it wouldn’t. Originally he tried prodding him to get out of bed, trying to get him to do anything, but Tony wasn’t budging. He had left the room to go get breakfast, hoping that Tony would move while he was gone, but nothing had changed when Steve came back in the room.
Tony was handling it pretty well. They put out a joint statement saying that they had been planning to adopt for a while and that Peter was brought into their lives on purpose and that they both loved him and each other very much still. He knew that was all they could do, and when asked, he would just repeat what was said in the statement, because that was the truth. If they wanted to keep making more rumors, as long as it wasn’t affecting his family, he didn’t particularly care.
Steve sighed.
Ever since Peter was adopted, the media was worse than they had ever been before. Steve and Tony had kept quiet about everything during the entire adoption process, fearful that it would fall through at the last second for a dumb reason, so outside of Pepper, the adoption agency, and the boy’s aunt, no one knew what the couple was up too. While the team was not thrilled with being kept in the dark, they understood Steve and Tony’s reasonings. The media, however, was not as forgiving about the surprise of finding out that there was a 6-month-old being in the care of the superhero’d power couple.
With that, Tony walked back over to Steve's bike. He was aware that Tony probably hadn't meant much by what he said, calling Steve his friend and offering to let him stay, but Steve's heart did somersaults at the words. It wasn't where Steve wanted them to be, but it was definitely a step in the right direction. He couldn't decide if he should just stay where he was or go talk with Tony, though. Talking with Tony would obviously help Tony feel more friendly towards him, but what if he didn’t like being distracted while he worked? What if he started to find Steve annoying? On the other hand, what if Tony found it rude to just wait for the bike to be fixed, as if Tony were just a worker? Before Steve had a chance to decide, Tony spoke up.
“Wanda is gonna be back in 10 minutes and she definitely likes watching ballet”
"We make Natasha think we still have no idea what's going on."
“You say that like there’s something wrong with pizza, Mr. Never wears enough layers even though he’s not the one who’s a super soldier who can’t get sick.”
“I doubt it. Rhodey was with them till this morning, and it’s barely 1pm. They’re probably not even out of bed.”
“I am afraid there is not, as there is no backup chest piece for Sir if the current one gets damaged, and he will not be able to survive without it for more than 30 minutes without being rushed to the hospital. Removing the arc reactor is the best and only option.”
“Hi. Reservation for two under Stark.” Tony said to the hostess as they entered. Quickly scanning her papers, she smiled when she saw the names.
Tony watched his husband as he spoke, trying to act like he was more concerned with his coffee while he gauged his reaction. Steve scrunched his face, not looking thrilled with what Tony was saying, though he didn’t turn his attention to Tony as he continued to feed Peter.
Steve wanted to cry. He knew he would be hurting Tony by doing this, but if it meant Tony not dying, he didn’t really see what other choices he had.
“Mine’s Tuesday afternoon, and hers is Wednesday morning.”
“Are you going to give me a hint about where we’re going for dinner?” Steve asked as Tony drove them.
“How ca-“
“You can even give it a name if it helps you,” Bruce mentioned.
“Sure. The kids would absolutely hate it if we took them.” Tony grinned, causing Steve to roll his eyes.
“Where has this possessiveness come from? It hurts a bit to think that you don’t trust me around someone, even if they do flirt with me, and it worries me a bit that you’re so possessive about Peter as well,” Tony said in concern.
“What’s up JARVIS?” Steve responded, as he continued to try and comfort Tony while glancing up at the ceiling.
“Just because it takes place on Christmas doesn’t make it a Christmas movie.”
“I still don’t see why I shouldn’t,” Steve grumbled, moving closer to his family, but still standing.
“You guys will appreciate this 20 years down the line, I promise you.” She explained, wrapping up the video and then walking away, making both Tony and Steve laugh. Then Tony turned to Steve, kissing him on the cheek.
“Yes, but you admitted it was just being rebellious and nothing more. And just like every teen does that, every dumb one that gets caught gets punished.”
“Have those breaks included sleep and food, or have they just been coffee and using the bathroom?” Tony asked, noticing a lot of coffee mugs around the room. “How many cups have you guys had?”
“Exactly. And we can do stuff with the team as well. Some stuff can be just the two of us, but I think everyone on the team could use a little extra holiday cheer this year.” Tony smiled again, bigger this time, as he leaned in to kiss his boyfriend on the cheek.
“Why were you curious at all? Have you drank or gotten high before?” Steve asked, not liking what he had just heard. Peter shrank a bit in his seat.
"Oh,” Steve started, "You don't have to do it right now. I'm sure you're busy with other things right now."
Unfortunately, medical wasn’t able to do much. They were able to tell that Tony had a concussion and that the serum that was injection wasn’t fatal, but was affecting his heart and sympathetic nervous system, mostly causing heart palpitations that his body was processing as panic attacks. Steve learned then that the sympathetic nervous system controlled arousal, or people’s fight or flight response, which explained the panic attacks. Medical assumed that his body was responding that way because he already had anxiety, so it was his body’s natural response. While they were able to figure out what the serum was affecting, that’s all medical could do. They had no idea how to stop it, or how long it would last.
“Yeah babe. All yours.” Tony said with a smile, Peter babbling in agreement.
“How much sleep have you gotten since your father and I left on Thursday?”
“Thank you. For everything. I really do think this was the best Christmas ever. I love you so much.” Tony said, nearly in tears again.
“I don’t th-“
“GIVE IT BACK!”
“It says it’s to me, but it doesn’t say who it’s from.”
“Maybe something a little more subtle than that.”
“Why not? It totally counts as a Christmas movie.”
“My scarf isn’t long enough to wrap around both of us.”
“Hey sweetheart,” Steve said softly as he walked over to Tony. He placed the toast and water on the bedside table and crouched down next to his boyfriend.
Except, the mood never really hit. Every once in a while one of them would make a comment about the movie, or they’d readjust how they were positioned, but otherwise they were simply enjoying each other's company. They had even gotten partway through a second movie before Tony noticed that Steve had fallen asleep, his arms still wrapped around Tony’s waist.
“Only a genius could have come up with such a creative idea, that’s why,” Tony joked, giving his husband a peck on the lips.
“She did, mostly, but there were a few things he insisted I be there for. It’s just this meeting, and then the official signing next week, and then I’m done with him.” Tony said, planting a kiss on his husband’s lips as he took Peter from him as well, walking out to the living room to sit and play.
“What do you mean?”
As Steve was helping Matt with his skates, he noticed how he seemed to drown in the scarf he wore, and how similar it looked to the one now wrapped around Tony’s neck. Matt had a thing where he liked where scarves that were too big for him, so his were all adult sizes instead of kids, but they were still always on the shorter side.
Tony smiled, handing Peter to Steve, before wrapping both of them in a hug, to which Steve quickly reciprocated.
Tony had opened the door and was about to walk out when he felt someone grab his hand. He turned to see Steve’s face, narrowed eyes and a deep frown.
"Do you want to go on a ride with me?" Steve blurted out. Tony looked a bit confused and taken aback, so Steve had to recover quickly.
“What about Operation Check Yes or No?”
“What happened last night Peter?” Tony asked, not an ounce of anger in his voice.
Much to people's surprise, Steve preferred the future over the past. He didn't really understand why people assumed that it was the latter, except maybe nostalgia. Sure, Steve missed some of the people - and getting used to the 21st century took some time- but it really was better than what he used to have.
“I’m not ditching you guys. We said dinner and drinks. We had dinner, and now we’re just wrapping up drinks.” As Tony said that, he shot back the rest of the whiskey he had to finish it, though it was a little tough with the large ice cube still in it.
“I don’t thi-“ Bruce was starting to say before Natasha interrupted.
Six weeks. It had been six weeks since Operation Check Yes or No, appropriately dubbed so by Natasha, started and it felt like little had changed. Bruce, Natasha, and now Sam, were pushing Steve to just bite the bullet and ask Tony out.
Tony was having none of that though. He continued to scream, begging for Steve to put the arc reactor back in, wondering what he did wrong.
“Hey, guys!” Steve said, squatting low so that they could run into his arms and he could hug them all. It may have only been a few hours since he last saw them, but he was still riding the high of a nice dinner with Tony, and the kids being around only added to that.
"Hm?" Steve tried to come off as confused as she and Bruce walked into the room, which Steve now realized was empty, except for himself.
“Mostly, but we had dinner with Uncle Rhodey every night, and we’ve been taking breaks.”
“I LOVED YOU STEVE! I’M SORRY! I JUST WANTED YOU TO LOVE ME TOO! PLEASE STOP HURTING ME FOR THAT!”
“That’s so weird, it’s a ring. Steve, who wo-” Tony stopped talking as he looked up from the gift to see Steve down on one knee.
Steve's heart sank. He couldn't think of any good conditions to come from this. "What?"
I was wondering when you were finally going to ask me out? He knew?
“That’s over 24 hours from now!”
“Then both of you have a good amount more time to study, so you guys are going to leave the study materials, and you’re going to take a break, and we’ll eat lunch and watch a movie and then you can both come back to studying before bed.” Peter still didn’t seem convinced by Steve’s words, so he continued.
“It’s amazing babe,” Steve said, taking Tony’s hand to guide them to sit down. They cuddled into each other, kissing a little as they sat down, though it quickly changed to eating the food in front of them.
"Is that me?"
"I- uuuhhhh- what?" Steve was sure his fair skin was now bright red from embarrassment as he attempted to hide the picture, but Tony stopped him, pulling the pad of paper out of Steve's hand. As horrified Steve was, all he could do was stare at Tony in shock while Tony continued to examine the picture. The only thing that could have made it worse wa-
“Matthew, where are your siblings?”
"Unfortunately, yes. Still got a lot of work to do for the S.I. board to make sure they don't do anything stupid. But like I said, this will be a perfect break."
“Friends with benefits?”
“Seriously Natasha, Tony and I can finish cleaning up, you can go to bed,” Steve said, knowing that she purposely wasn’t getting the hint, just to mess with him.
“I know you are,” Steve said, trying to rein in the laught, “What you just said made me think of a really dumb thought, and I’m still tired from the mission yesterday.
"Definitely. This could feed at least five people - probably more - but I want leftovers, so it's okay.”
“Thanks, Pops, but we really have a lot we still need to do,” Peter said, and Tony was the one to respond.
“Thanks,” Tony mumbled as he reached out to grab the coffee being handed to him. A little bit of cream and two sugars, just the way he liked it first thing in the morning.
“Hey, you’re okay. Nothing bad is going to happen. You’re having a panic attack, but it’s going to be over soon, just try and breathe.”
“Is this what you guys were doing that was so important, you couldn’t come out and say hi to us after we were gone for three days?” Steve asked, finally getting their attention.
“I got the presents for Clint and his family done and just gave them to bring home. He’s leaving with Wanda in a few hours.”
“Thanks, Tony.”
“Mjölnir in cookie form is hilarious,” Thor said grabbing the cookie from Natasha.
“Steve, babe. Why don’t you go get lunch ready? Isabel and I will be out in a bit.” Tony smiled at his husband, who looked uncertain.
“I guess a movie and some real food does sound kind of nice.”
“We will always be your family first and foremost. You aren’t going to lose us just by sharing us with others,” Tony reassured.
And... he made it worse. Maybe the universe would be nice to him and just swallow him into the earth right now.
“I’m sorry, but I just think giving the paparazzi’s what they want is just going to keep bringing them back. And Peter is part of our private life, and I’d kind of like to keep him out of the public eye.” Steve picked up Peter and put him on his hip when he was done cleaning. Steve turned around and looked at Tony for the first time since he entered the room, who was in a full suit, leaning against the counter, drinking his coffee.
“Time to get the other two,” he said, leading the way to Matt’s room. Opening the door, they saw their two youngest, both looking not their best. Isabel was sitting at the desk, messy bun and glasses on, with a book in one hand, a highlighter in the other, and a pen in her mouth. Peter was staring at sticky notes on a wall that he seemed to be messing with, papers surrounding him on the floor, with his hair a mess and still in his pajamas. Soft classical music was being played in the background, and neither had looked up when their parents entered the room.
“Babe, we’ve been together 4 years. That means 4 Christmases we’ve spent together.”
“NOOOOOO! PUT IT BACK! STEVE I TRUSTED YOU!” Tony screamed through sobs, which finally made Steve break
This year though, both were in New York, and they hadn’t had a date night in a while, so they decided to do something special this year. Tony was able to get reservations at a surprise restaurant, and Steve talked to May about taking the kids for the night, allowing them to have the night to themselves. With all the kids still being in the single-digit age range, it was still rare for them to have nights to themselves, even if it was usually the team telling them they needed it more than them wanting to take nights away from the kids
“Can Aunt May come too?” Peter asked, and Tony nodded his head.
Steve's first attempt at Operation Check Yes or No was... sad, to say the least. Asking Tony to work out with him probably wasn't going to help him achieve “more than teammate” status.
“Where are we going?”
For several minutes, the family sat in silence as Peter ate. No one wanted to be the first one to speak, especially with such a big elephant in the room. Unsurprisingly, Tony was the first to open his mouth.
“That’s going to be adorable,” Tony said, thinking of all the little kids with messes of icing and sprinkle on them from trying to decorate cookies.
“Good,” Tony responded, “And don’t worry. You don’t have to share us all the time. Sometimes I kind of like seeing you get so possessive of us.”
Steve knew it had been a rough couple of weeks for Tony. No one could deny that, and while he knew that it wasn’t his fault, Steve couldn’t help but feel like it was.
“No, we’ve been together for
“Hey, guys. How was the trip?” Peter asked, having already turned back around to the wall of sticky notes.
Steve shrugged, “We haven’t had an actual Christmas together yet. I want this one to be special.”
“Why? You worried he’s gonna steal me from you?” Tony said cheekily as he finished his coffee. Steve glared at him, obviously not finding the joke funny, to which Tony sighed.
“Fine.” Steve caved, “I like Tony, but it’s not like anything is going to happen. He barely notices me. I’m just a teammate to him.”
"Sure, why not? That sounds fun. Lead the way!” Tony got up and followed Steve to the kitchen.
“We weren’t really doing our own thin-“
Steve just shrugged, helping to put the trash in the bags. It had been a long Christmas day for all of them. In the morning and most of the early day, all of the Avengers had been out volunteering at a number of different places. By the time they had gotten home, they had all chipped in to help with making dinner, which included all the Avengers and some extra friends as well. After dinner were presents, which took longer than anyone had anticipated and then a movie to finish off the night. By the time people had gone home or to their own rooms, it was midnight.
Steve got up to get another chair for Tony to sit down in, as Tony looked at what Steve had been working on.
"Yeah, I thought it could be a team dinner, but everyone ended up being out tonight." Steve lied. He felt bad doing it, but at least he got Tony alone.
“Clint we are not watching Die Hard!”
That made Steve laugh a bit.
“Or I could just do it now.”
“No. Said she spent the whole ride just trying to keep him calm and reassure him that Peter would be fine.” Both went quiet as the as they say in thought, neither having touched their breakfast.
Steve couldn't help himself. He started laughing so hard he accidently let out a snort.
“A bit of sleep and a couple cups of coffee. Not very specific, but I’m willing to bet that it actually means that you’ve had more cups of coffee than actual hours of sleep in that time span.” Tony said casually, doing his best to not sound accusatory. Isabel shrugged.
“A) that’s not what we asked, b) not convincing, and c) the way you are acting does not make me feel like I can relax. So I will ask again, where are they?”
“Well do you want to help me?”
"Will you go on a date with me!?"
“How did I not guess ice skating?”
Tony paused a second, waiting for Steve to fill him in.
“I know, but still…” Steve mumbled, not really having anything to say to that.
Just over two weeks ago, he had gone on a small mission with Natasha and Clint. It was supposed to just be a recon mission. He was a last minute substitution for Steve when they realized they weren’t going to be able to get all the information back to the tower, so they needed someone to be able to figure out what was the most important stuff to grab, and quickly. Being it scientific information, Tony was the obvious choice, as no one wanted to run the risk of bringing Bruce and having the Hulk show up as well. Since Steve was originally the one doing the actual information extraction, he was the one who got benched, and while he wasn’t particularly thrilled about it, he didn’t fight it, thinking it was going to be an easy mission
The entire ride back, Tony was on edge. No matter how much he and Nat tried doing breathing exercises, or drinking water, or thinking good thoughts, he couldn’t stop shaking. Worrying. Racing. Even in the great time that Clint was able to fly them back to the tower, Tony still had another panic attack and was on the verge of another one by the time they had landed. Tony was so out of it, he didn’t even put up his usual fight about going to medical.
"Nope! I want this one. If I don't get to keep it, then no date. Deal?"
"That’s a lot of food for just two people."
“We appreciate how fucking hard it is.”
“My mom taught me how to do it when I was little. That was always my job when I was helping her wrap gifts.”
“No!” Tony shouted, now moving away from Steve, “No no no no nonononono.”
Maybe he should have fought it. Maybe it would be him suffering instead of Tony.
“I think he’s sleeping. He was up late working in his lab last night.”
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Tony mumbled, grabbing the chest piece off the table, and pulling his shirt up to properly place it back in.
“I asked first.”
“You’re ditching us for them and you still won’t tell us who it is?” Rhodey had complained.
“Captain,” JARVIS interrupted, “the arc reactor must come out in the next minute or it will be permanently damaged.”
“Isabel.” It was Steve saying her name that finally got her to look up, and she looked right at him with big eyes and a distressed look on her face.
“First of all, you’re cold and I can tell, so don’t say that. Second, it’s just weird because usually they are long enough to cover two people. I do it with the kids all the time.”
“I mean, you know I got crossed, but other than that I’m not really sure,” Peter mumbled. “I’ve never done it before, but I was curious about it, so Ned said he could get some alcohol and I stole a little bit from Uncle Bruce and we tried it. I had no idea what happened last night though was possible.”
“Tony, babe, please stop encouraging him.”
Tony was supposed to go out with Rhodey and Pepper the night before. He had made it out with them even, but he got a text around 9:30 pm from Steve, asking if he wanted to come over. Normally, Tony has been trying to convince himself, he’d have said no and continue to spend time with his friends. But Steve had just gotten back from a week- long mission earlier that day, and Tony missed him.
“Of course. You don’t even need to ask. I will always be your valentine.”
“I like yours better. It’s softer, and bigger, and more comfy. Also it smells like you, and I like that smell. Except when you’re really sweaty. Then you should probably shower.” Steve couldn’t help but laugh at his son’s response, because how is that not absolutely precious.
Steve grinned and pulled Tony back in for a longer kiss than the last one, only breaking when Peter started to kick and whine from not being the center of attention.
“But-“
Yeah, Steve wasn’t wrong in thinking that wasn’t going to go well.
"You know," Steve finally said, "you never answered my question."
“Tony, I need you to listen to me,” Steve said, reaching for Tony’s hands. Tony tried to fight, but Steve fought to this time and was able to grasp both of Tony’s wrists.
Tony just shrugged, not really sure what to say about it.
“Oh my god I’m not suicidal if that’s what you’re thinking!” Peter nearly shouted.
“Even if it were, you’d be a bit of a hypocrite for getting mad at me about it,” Isabel said, crossing her arms and doing her best to avoid eye contact with Tony.
“I’m studying,”
“We know kid. We just worry. It’s our job as parents to worry about you constantly.”
“I know, and I get that, but the paparazzi aren’t gonna back off until they have some decent pictures of him, whether it’s ones that were leaked or taken by them. Might as well give them what they want to get them off our backs.” Tony knew it was probably going to be a losing battle, but he needed to try.
Matt looked down, biting his lip, and Tony was about to press further before Steve beat him to the punch.
“I know, and I will. Thanks.” They sat in easy silence for a few minutes, all eating food now before Tony spoke up.
Tony paused, looking at his feet as he fidgeted a bit.
“What?” Tony wasn’t really sure what response he was expecting, but it wasn’t that.
“Are you sure? Here, how about I go start in the kitchen and you two can get all this wrapping paper and stuff out of the living room. And break.” Natasha hustled off to the kitchen before Steve could protest, who just rolled his eyes and gave in.
“Yeah, and also why Natasha wouldn’t leave, because she wanted to record this for us. Isn’t that right Nat?”
"You have spent the past six weeks making it very clear that you like him." Bruce had explained, "From going on rides together, and you making him food, to even bringing him coffee every morning. You made him sushi, and you aren't even a fan of sushi!"
“Fine, no Die Hard, but then also no Nutcracker. I do not want to watch a dance with no words.”
"You knew!? How?" Steve was also aware that Tony hadn't actually answered his original question.
“Everything. Just not my best idea. My bad. I ca-“
Steve's next attempt at getting Tony's attention was admittedly, much better than the first, though required a bit more manipulation.
Now it was Steve's turn to look a bit ashamed. "They may have been pressuring me and helping me with ways to talk to you. We called it Operation Check Yes or No."
“What are you talking about JARVIS?”
“Don’t worry,” Steve interrupted Tony’s train of thought, “We can make them sit and watch movies with us for the rest of the day to make up for not seeing us all weekend.” Tony laughed, like the sound of the idea.
“It was good,” Tony said, moving into the room more. He looked over Isabel’s shoulder to see what she was reading, though he couldn’t quite tell. “Is this all you guys have been doing since we left?”
“Wait a second I never saw anyone else outside of you.”
"Slipped my mind, I guess. I got excited about the idea after a youtube video I watched this morning." Tony was laughing again.
“Did he mention anything to Natasha when she took him home?” Tony asked.
“Matt? Did you grab my scarf instead of your scarf?” Steve asked, not in accusatory way, but rather curious. Matt quickly nodded.
“It’s just that, on top of when you got bit by that spider and didn’t tell us. And then becoming Spiderman. Just a lot of really dangerous risks made us worry.” As he spoke, Steve got up and wrapped his arms around his sobbing family, barely keeping the tears at bay himself. After a few minutes of hugging, even after the tears had subsided, Peter pulled away.
“I-I’m fine…. I just- I just wanna be alone…. Just for- for now.” Tony pulled himself into a tighter ball as he spoke, wrapping himself more securely in the blankets. Steve nodded, placing a kiss on Tony’s forehead.
“And what made you think we were past that? We never talked about it!”
“Shush Mr. Super-solider. You’re gonna make me cry from picking on me and then that’s going to ruin our night.” Tony joked, which made Steve chuckle.
Tony couldn't be sure how this happened
“I really don’t. I need to finish this book and then study more.” She said steadily, trying to match his tone.
After a few minutes of just silent breathing, JARVIS finally spoke again.
“I’m sure it wasn’t that bad,” Tony paused with the look that Steve gave him, “Okay maybe it was that bad. But it’s been years and you’re enhanced now, so it probably won’t be that bad. Besides, I’m here to help you.”
"Are you sure there's enough food?" Steve asked, looking at all the ingredients spread across the counter. He hadn't eaten sushi many times before, so he wasn't sure how much they actually needed.
“I still don’t get why you want to go get a Christmas tree. We don’t even have any ornaments to put on it.”
“They’re not going to be young forever!” Tony would always say, “Steve and I will have plenty of time to be alone together once they’re older.”
“Well you might not have been flirting with him, but he was definitely flirting with you.”
“They’re fine babe. We were only gone for a few days.”
Tony smiled sadly, but reached out to grab Steve’s hand, just holding it. It had taken a lot of work, but they had fixed their relationship, were doing much better after the fallout, but it was still a touchy subject, and one the only talked about when they really needed too.
“Open it, maybe you’ll know once you see what it is,” Steve suggested, walking closer to Tony, who started unwrapping it, only paying attention to the gift. Once he unwrapped and opened it, Tony stopped, still only looking at the gift.
“Okay, I’ll make you a deal.” Isabel turned to look at him as the words left his mouth, though she looked suspicious.
“But we said holiday movie, to give us a wider variety. So I think I’m siding with Clint that this at least counts as a holiday movie”
After the discovery of the circuit board, Mr. Stark (now called
"I'm here mostly because I wanna debate about Iron Man, as the media is calling your armor, the '
Roaming through the desert was difficult, but getting rescued was far worse.ever
She had learned how to be rough with the board, made them fear her, jealous her. Her projects making the stocks flow out of the chart, the constant presence of Obadiah behind her, now being her new pushing support.
She rolled her eyes, leaning against the wall.
"Besides his lack of creativity in bed, and his horrible taste in tech, and his too gelled, I-am-momma's-boy, hair, I don't see his creepiness"
And Stark men may be made of iron, but Howard would make sure Stark women would be made of diamonds.
"You have to stop stealing my tech, you dumbass"
It took barely two minutes for it to light up, and she ran to the new unfinished armor, putting it as fast as she can, and float away, to search for Stane.
"Can't you just stay fucking dead?"
"You! What's your name? I think I remember you from my CEO press release, but I'm getting older, you know" Natasha laughed as she tapped her temple, and the press giggled (
"I am Iron Man"
inappropriate, especially in the front of major shareholders and other businessman and businesswoman.
It was not a super serum, but it was full of small bots made of vibranium and adamantium and anything he could put his hands on.
"Icing problem?"
), light-brown hair, starting to be bald. Sunglasses, suit, he looked straight out a "
. Dreamed about robots who could take care of her when Jarvis couldn't, about cars who could fly and mechanical dogs with pretty golden eyes.
Natasha wasn't a bioengineer, but she knew the basics (
And she made weapons.
"To stay, or to run again when I don't give the government my technology?" The man sighed.
Until the circuit board.
Not because Pepper was her P.A. or a woman, but because professionalism exists, and the redhead couldn't act like a friend in board meetings or anything like that.
But she would only know that one week later after she woke up from that horrible, awake, painful, surgery.
) and let Mr. Stane run everything (
She would be fine.
"And it's for that exact motive that I have one of the best P.R. and lawyers team of the world. I don't need
He put in his head that the Tesseract was a prove of Captain America's survival, that
"It seems like 30% of you is already compromised, boss"
since your stupid
" movie.
She screamed, so high that all the windows shattered.
"If we are in agreement, may I see you in the press conference tomorrow morning?"
That night, they both, for the first time, dinner together.
She was a
Natasha felt the wires in her delicate hands, the pulse of energy above her fingers.
Who had
"He was a drunk ass that lasts few years, but I was lucky I had
" Rhodey sighed "I deserve this, I'm stuck with a thirteen-year-old teenager, God helps me, I swear, I'm gonna jump off that window one day and you will never hear of me again. I feel like a mom, and
her armor.
) "You can't be egoistic like that. We talked about that. And you shouldn't be doing the same? Making weapons….. for us?" ('
Rhodes definitely didn't roll his eyes. Did she have any respect left in that house?
), how to kill without pushing the trigger.
"Should I inform Miss Potts or Mr.Rhodes, boss?"
It was like that. Almost every week. After her afternoon classes on Saturday or Sunday, get ready to a gala, or a press conference, or rich people visits who liked to coo over her for five minutes, before forgetting she even existed.
"I have to go, Natasha, go do your job instead of lazing around. And don't call me until you dealt with your child manners" He basically spattered, before ending the call.
Then, not seeing Mr. and Mrs. Stark more than once or twice in the rest of the time, little moments they used to ask her a multitude of questions about languages, etiquette, history, politics, or economy.
It was
"I just want you to help me escape from this hospital, and take some months to stay with me, at the Mansion" She pledged "And never do that again, never, platypus"
father with him.
Natasha felt the fight leaving her, and sighed, massaging her temples.
, and they couldn't have access to any of her weapons.
He sighed and hugged her.
business"
"I-….Wha-... What's happening?" Her breath was suspended, and she had to put a hand on the wall to stabilize herself.
"Rhodey……" The soldier looked at her, raising both eyebrows "…… When you are coming to visit me?"
He discovered anyway.
She would break that promise two days later when strange, terrorist men waterboarded her. Then and there, Natasha promised to kill each and every one of them.
., or for myself. I'm fighting for people who were damaged because of
aura." Rhodey facepalmed as Natasha deadpanned.
The man went higher and higher in the sky, uncontrollably, the suit overloaded. The crash of the frozen thing happened only five minutes late.
Natasha didn't forget S.H.I.E.L.D. Initiative or its role in Howard's decadence.
She breathed again.
He shouted at his Toni when she left to pursue her dreams and engineering degree at MIT at only fourteen (three years before he could, he was jealous, he was burning with jealous rage. How
Tony groaned. “Oh no, you really shouldn’t have-”
Steve frowned. “I’m sorry I think I misheard. Did you say--”
He tugged Tony’s shift over his head, letting Stíofán get a good eyeful of the smooth chest and perky nipples. He let his hands run over the newly revealed skin, thumbs rubbing against the bare expanse.
“Sit back down.”
“Look, you seem like a smart guy. How much is it worth to you? I’ve got a hundred on me right now.”
When he could bear to look away from her he stepped back towards the donkey and smiled at Tony. “Ma, this is my family.” He took Tony’s hand placing a kiss to his knuckles. “This is Tony.” Then he gently placed their joined hands on Tony’s rounded stomach. “And this is our little one.”
Now all he had to do was find a town.
But, Stíofán could wait. One day he’d be home and have a plot of land to raise a family on, and a fine bride who’d give him kids of his own who would never know the debauchery and cruelty of this lot.
“Then let me make it worth the wait.”
“Seems like that omega of his is all looks and no substance,” a woman sniffed.
He rolled up the sleeves of his robe, putting his hands on the bike, and letting the magic pulse through the frame and through the engine. He imbued it slightly with his worry for Steve’s safety when riding, and he could feel the magic give a positive response as he did so, leaving him relieved. Whatever happened, this bike wouldn’t be a threat to Steve.
Tony surveyed his handiwork. There was a large crumb on the plate that made it look untidy, and without thought Tony picked it off, putting it in his mouth.
Tony nodded. “I wish it hadn’t been such a long day. I’m excited to find out what happens next.”
Tony swallowed down the sense of dread, his society-omega training taking over, and he managed to answer her. “Fine. I've gotten a handle on the cleaning, and Steve taught me how to shoot.” He tried to swallow the lump in his throat at Steve’s name.
“Three?” Steve’s face was adorably confused and Tony couldn’t help the smile that spread over his face as he drew Steve’s hand to his belly.
“You look amazing,” Tony told him, and Steve’s cheek tinged a light pink.
“Bucky,” Tony managed, the alpha’s strength the only thing holding him up. “It’s Peter, he’s sick, please-”
Mr Rogers stepped closer too, perhaps the sound of the room making itself known. “I am lucky to have come to Starlight Estate. Teaching Peter is a joy, and one I am happy to have been given the opportunity to have. And of course, the house holds other distractions, ones that perhaps I should not desire as much as I do, but I find I cannot help it. I’m not sure I can--”
He’d been fairly lucky for most of the journey, sharing a sleeper carriage with another omega who was travelling to take up a post as a teacher. She’d gotten off at Truckee, just over the state line, to meet a stagecoach to take her on to her final destination. They’d exchanged details so they could write when Tony settled, and though it wasn’t much, it was nice to have someone nearby he could talk to.
He pushed himself up and out of bed, hurrying to the small window to peek outside. He watched as the Sheriff saddled up his horse and took off down the road.
to walk in the park, though that wasn’t something Steve specifically had to worry about. Not with his superstrength.
When it started to get dark, he heated some leftover bean casserole and sat down to wait.
“Happy to if that’s ok,” Steve said, checking with Tony. “Bucky’s kid says I’m the best with voices.”
“Baaaaaaa,” Antonius bleated, the sound rushing out in a gasp, and Stíofán’s chest roared with triumph.
“I just know you were hoping for more. A little pack to call your own.”
“Don’t worry, I got you.” And then Tony was airborne, cradled in Steve’s arms as the man carried him towards the fair. Tony could feel the heat rising in his cheeks.
He looked over at where his parents were still chatting with Nakia and T’Challa. “Reckon I can convince T’Challa to say he desperately needs the Ambassador to Wakanda for a week after we’ve gone? Keep them busy.”
But that had worn off rather quick at the sound of Steve’s heavy breathing behind him as they crawled along.
Steve’s thoughts were so far from propriety he could do nothing but nod. All he could think about was Mr Stark’s touch, his strong arms holding him and the thud of his heartbeat under his ear. How he wished that they could do this in other circumstances, perhaps in the drawing-room after dinner, in front of the fire as Mr Stark read aloud for them both.
Tony felt a spark of horror. “Oh no, really-”
“Poor guy?” Tony huffed. “He bit me!”
This could be dangerous. Fury was clearly involved in a plot of some kind, the head of it if Stíofán had to guess, and asking such a favour could put him and Tony at risk.
“You’ve given that speech a lot huh?”
Tony sighed. “No, we don’t. Not as long as you ask--” He turned around to address the dog’s owner, “Mr…?” And oh. Wow.
Tony was angry.
“A guy should treat his fella right. In my opinion.” Steve put Tony in the car, and closed the door behind him, leaning over the window. “I’ll meet you back at the tower after we’ve debriefed.”
They wandered the streets looking for a cafe or a supermarket. As they turned a corner, they passed an alley that Tony would’ve walked past without notice, if it weren’t for the thud and sound of metal hitting pavement.
It hit him all of a sudden too, what he had done. Travelled across the country to this new place, leaving his friends behind and knowing no one but his new husband, and he felt the combination of desire and despair mix in a perfect apprehension, even as the pleasure rolled like a wave.
He grunted as he hit a sudden uneven patch of ground and his ankle gave way, sending him sprawling into the wet undergrowth. It felt like his whole ankle was on fire and he was afraid to touch it, wary of the pain. He tried to push himself back up but it was no use, the injury meant his right foot couldn’t hold his weight.
Carol smiled. “You’ll understand when you’re older kid. When you meet the right one, they’re worth the wait.”
Steve looked at Tony, gesturing with the clothes.  “Lifts and a padded suit. The serum was meant to make you know," he gestured tall with his hands," and pretty much invincible, but it just made me super strong and means I heal fast. The suit makes me seem more intimidating and keeps my identity safe.” He shrugged. “Had to ditch some of it to wriggle through the vents.”
Jarvis scowled. “I wish your father would let us take one of your gadgets. I hate broom travel.”
Sam waved at him. “Damn, Steve, when you said your boy could shoot, I admit I had doubts. But he’s a crack shot.”
Well, that was no good. Stíofán made a note to ask for extra mash, get the doe fattened up some. “Well, we’ll fix that. Also, I feel we should-- I mean, you know we cannot be married in the eyes of the law?”
Steve sat curled up in a blanket on his bed, getting JARVIS to flick through the news sites.
“I’m sorry, I derailed us a little. So you like sponge cake. Do you also like to read?”
“How did you even see it? I thought you were--”
Steve chuckled as they pulled apart and Tony looked at Peter with a raised eyebrow. “Honestly after all I do for you, I can’t get a little me-time?”
“I didn’t stop loving you,” Steve suddenly blurted and Tony’s eyes widened in surprise, his heart skipping a beat. “Just because I couldn’t watch you become everything you hated didn’t mean that leaving you hurt any less.”
“Yeah guess I better stop now that you’re a fancy college kid huh?”
Tony stared at her for a long moment. “That’s plant abuse.”
“This is it.” Maria put in the keycode she’d been given and pushed open the door.
Tony’s eyes widened, and he walked over to take the files that were sliding off the top. “How are you carrying all this?”
“Hey, I’m a handsome guy, you should be so lucky. And I’ve got a nicer ass than Stark anyway.”
, he told himself. He sat up, letting the bedding fall to his waist, pleased as the Sheriff’s eyes dropped to his chest, a flush on his cheeks before they shot back up to meet his.
“Oh?”
Inside was a man seated at one of the desks, cleaning a pistol. He had brown eyes, and a dark, well sculpted beard, kept much shorter than Steve’s.
Tony looked around until he caught sight of a clocktower. “There. That has to be it, come on.”
He heard the front door open, the sound of the sheriff putting kicking off his boots and bolting the door. There was a splash of water, letting him know the alpha had found the basin of water for cleaning.
“Sorry, too quick?”
Brooklyn Junction was small, but it seemed to be fairly lively. There were a few shops, the saloon, a schoolhouse, the church and a few other buildings for things like the blacksmith and the butcher. All in all, it was pretty and very welcoming, if all the smiles they were getting from the townsfolk who tipped their hats to the sheriff were anything to go by.
He excused himself from the people he was speaking to and made his way over when Jan beckoned him with a wave, coming to stand by her and giving Tony a charming smile.
“Alright, you said you didn’t want to talk about it, so we won’t.” He dug a spoon into his oatmeal awkwardly but then seemed to recover. “I thought perhaps I could take you on a proper tour of the town? We only really saw the station and the town hall, but there’s more to it if you like.”
“I pissed someone off, and he knocked me over.”
Stíofán knew from the voice it was Pierce, and so with him must be...
“Da!” Stíofán looked up to see Hugh and Peadar darting over, bouncing off fences while his Ma ran after them looking frustrated.
Stíofán sheathed his sword, and grit his teeth. He took a few steps back, digging his hooves into the dirt. He took off at a run towards the edge, launching himself off the edge. As he neared the other side, he slashed the shield into the wall. The sharp round edge cut into the dirt, sticking fast. Stíofán clung to his keeping his legs out of reach of the snakes, who snapped and hissed at his hocks. He heaved himself up, digging his hooves in and forcing himself over the edge. He moved fast to dislodge the shield, knowing he wouldn’t have much time before the fighters moved in.
He ducked behind a building, trying to settle the rush of feeling that was threatening to take over.
He felt Tony pull away and he whined. He was close to full heat, where was Tony going?
“If I come back this way, I’ll try and swing by,” Steve told him, and Edwin gave him a suspicious look.
“Come on through.” She opened the door, waiting for him to kick off his boots before leading him down the hall and into the room Bruce used for examinations. The door was ajar, and as he pushed it open, the scene that greeted him made his heart clench.
Steve had sent him ahead to bed while he checked the horse, and he readied himself as he had yesterday, prepared for another try.
“Yeah ok. I’m sorry for making you worry.” He brushed a hand through his hair. “So do you guys have any info about the kid?”
“Captain America is at the bar.”
“I’m sure you could.”
After the announcement, Stíofán followed the others to get cleaned up. He washed the dust and sweat from his body, even as the complaints reached his ears behind him.
“Uh-huh. Well, you better earn it.”
Tony pointed at the office. “Oh, I just have a small trunk. The man in the ticket office said he’d hold onto it until I could get someone to assist me.”
“Yup,” Tony replied, popping the ‘p’. “Sure is. Well, you have your delivery, so I’m just gonna--” He threw a thumb over his shoulder trying to seem nonchalant, but pretty sure he was overreaching and hitting super awkward instead. “So ummm...bye.”
“Sounds good.” He could Rhodey in the background, confirming an officer would be with them soon, and felt the tension in his muscles relax.
“Da, tell a story,” Hugh begged as they sat around the fire, his bowl of stew Tony had made before darting back to finish a few things at the smithy waiting to cool.
And that wasn’t fair Tony thought. Because that made him think things. He searched for something to say, but Steve jumped in.
He unwrapped it carefully, pulling out the contents and making a pleased sound when he found several jars of pleasant-smelling creams.
This chapter discusses fertility problems and stress over potentially losing a sick child. Tony also has views and insecurities about childbearing and pregnancy that we would consider outdated, but are period-appropriate. Everyone is ok at the end, but use your own judgment - if these topics are tough for you it might be best to give this one a miss ❤️
Tony flushed, then hit his arm. “You know I can’t help it!” Then he turned to Stíofán’s ma.
“Yeah you can, just remove the towel wrapped lump in the shower and please don’t ask any questions.”
“You two still thinking about doing that?” Steve asked.
The horn sounded loud, echoing across the stadium as the crowd roared. The morning’s entertainment was over, and it was time for satyr-to-satyr combat. The line up before the consul was familiar, the large grey centaur sitting in a box high above them, the weapons handed out to his preference.
“Tell me about it.”
“How does someone so small cause so much trouble?” Tony lamented, taking in the scrape on Steve’s chin and the far more pressing arm in a sling. “What am I going to do with you?”
“Have it your way.” He clicked his fingers “Rumlow, grab the redhead.”
Tony hesitated, looking to the other satyr. “Oh, Rhodey, the armour; we should--”
Tony opened bleary eyes, blinking confusedly. He could feel Steve behind him, as usual, but everything else seemed wrong.
“Yesterday.” Tony wasn’t paying much attention to anything that wasn’t the fresh bread he was holding, but he saw Rhodey and Sam exchange a look he couldn’t decipher.
“Pfffft, Stíofán,” the first voice said, and Stíofán could recognise it now as Tiberius. The other Buck had been making comments often, whenever he thought Stíofán was out of earshot about how unfair it was that he’d been the one to win Tony, how if anyone deserved it was him. He spent a lot of time looking at the doe during meal times too, but so far it had been envy, nothing more overt. Until now it would seem.
“Oh God, sorry, it’s Tony.” He held out his hand to shake and Steve gripped it firmly with a large hand, and Tony could feel the warmth through his gloves.
“Hardly a mortal injury, just an innate clumsiness.”
Steve snorted.
so you don't miss out!
“I was thinking that since it’s probably a little too late to make supper again, that maybe we could cheat a little.” He brandished a plate of warm sliced bread, butter and some preserves in a little dish. “It’s blackberry. One of the omegas in town makes it: he’s famous for it.”
“Rhodey,” Tony whined, and a little of the genuine distress slipped into his voice. “I really like him.”
“Steve, come on, we’ll walk up the hill and ride down,” Tony pleaded, becoming worried Steve might actually keel over.
He ordered another two drinks and turned, stopping short when he realised he recognised the man next to him. “Mr B— Bucky, nice to see you.”
He pulled out carefully, shifting away to the side of the bed leaving Tony cold as the air swept over his skin.  “Here, I-”
“Just saw the doctor: he’s pretty sure.”
Steve wasn’t like Ty. Tony knew that. But the excuses were the same: the sketchy attitude, the unwillingness to share details. Steve also had a second phone, which he’d never told Tony about, but which Tony had caught glimpses of from time to time. If it was just for work, why hide it?
“Maybe.”
“Ah. Dodger’s a mixed breed, so he’s two types of dogs. The shelter thought he was half boxer and half something else. Makes for twice the fun.”
“Yeah, keep frowning, I’m sure that gets Stark going.”
Tony flipped through a couple of pages, snorting at each. He reached July and a braying laugh burst out of him. “Oh my god. You dressed up as Uncle Sam?? This is---oh, I can’t breathe. At least we know you’ll still look good with a beard at eighty.” He wiped a tear from his eyes as he mouthed the words under the photo,
“Christ. I expect you to be the height of gratitude for the rest of the day then. Your pops and I aren’t that bad.”
Bucky and Sam had lost it when he’d sent them the photo.
“Wonderful. Well, we must be off - my alpha is ever so busy protecting the town, you understand - but you Om's enjoy your day.” With one last flick of his fan, he pulled Steve away, and they continued towards the sheriff’s office.
? I thought you said I was still as beautiful as when you first saw me.”
of plants in there.” Steve's voice was steadily raising in pitch. “Also,
“Baaa-aaa-aaaa!”
“You might not have a choice, I’ve been told I am one of the strongest satrys in the village.
Pops swung the bag he carried over his shoulder onto the floor. “This is nice. And it looks like you beat your roommate here so I guess you get to choose your bed, munchkin.”
He gave the guys a wave as he started the bike and made his way back to the highway. He felt a little lighter, the notion that he had made a difference without having to fight settling comfortably into his skin. He found he liked it.
There was shifting beneath the covers, and the Sheriff tossed his linen undergarments over his shoulder and onto the floor.
“Damn proper Deputy! I can’t get low enough in it, and explaining will take too long. Slice through them, quick smart.”
Maria looked at them critically before choosing the top bunk. “It doesn't matter too much. I have to do this all again in two weeks once rotation is over.”
The Sheriff sat down opposite with his own bowl, already dressed, his shirt sleeves rolled up. He cut a pretty picture, and Tony again counted himself lucky for marrying such an attractive alpha, for all last night had been an unmitigated disaster.
Steve grinned wide, a glint in his eye. “I could do this all day.”
Steve kissed him again. “Knew you’d love the idea.”
“Nat’s been bugging me for months to sign up to the site and I only agreed to get her off my back. I only said yes to this date because, well
They come across a farm accident. One of the tenant, Mr Hogan Steve knew now, had become trapped beneath a loaded carriage. Steve had watched as Mr Stark had appeared, fetched by one of Hogan’s sons, and had lain in mud to take apart the cart with careful precision as the other farmhands had removed the cart's burden. He removed the piece keeping the man trapped and had dragged him out himself, the both of them covered in dirt and Stark had given Hogan his own clean cloak from the back of his horse when the man began to shiver. Everyone had cheered to know the man was safe, including Peter, and Mr Stark had turned at the sound, giving them a cheerful wave when he spotted them on the rise. Steve’s heart had near stopped beating from the beauty of it. This highborn man, fine clothes covered in mud, eyes brightened by the exertion of rescuing someone who others of his status might have left to his fate. From that day, he had only fallen harder with every passing minute.
“WE’RE GOING TO SEE A DOG!” Peter screeched right in Tony’s ear making him wince.
Steve led them to the bar, pulling up a chair. “Ow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He pulled on his hat, applied a touch of rouge, delighted in Steve’s compliments, and by the time they walked into the church hall, he was feeling confident.
They rounded the edge of the canyon, coming off their horses to afford them some stealth. Steve looked over the encampment trying to spot any sign of Tony. He couldn’t see him, but he saw a few of Hodge’s men sitting by a fire, another few keeping watch.
But a kid presented a new problem. Because Stíofán still didn’t have the money to get them out.
If he were not a Vulcan, what he did might be described as running away. However, since he was, it would better be described as a retreat.
“Well, you obviously aren’t doing that, we’d never allow it. You’re in charge Cap, we trust you.”
Maybe he ought to give some thought to hiring another deputy, at least one who could be called upon for hunting criminals away from town. He enjoyed the work, but it would let him be at home more and away less - Sam too, if he and Nat were going to have a couple of pups underfoot. Bucky certainly wouldn’t mind more time chasing bounties.
“Don’t start something you don’t want to finish, lawman.”
Dad hooked a thumb over his shoulder. “He’s just taking Harper out. What’s up?”
Tony sighed internally, trying to lock onto what Steve was saying and respond appropriately. God, but the guy was so hot though.
Tony made an affirmative, curious as to where this was going.
. That big brute Ivor didn’t stand a chance.”
Steve shook his head, even as the gratitude at the offer tried its best to fill the cold, aching space that was opening in his chest. “It’s for the best. Time’s up.”
Stíofán jostled his leg, making Tony yelp before Stíofán caught him. “Think I’ve got all the strength I need.”
He came around the counter. “What’s going on?”
Tony continued trying to do up the overly complicated toggles in front of him. Seriously, why were kids’ clothes so difficult?
Steve sat back in the chair Tony had gotten for him near the counter at the bookshop. Tony was dealing with a customer, and Steve had his sketchbook on his lap, sketching Jem’s fluffy grey ears tucked against the pile of books. If he also just happened to also be sketching Tony in the background, his eyes alight with the possibility of pairing a customer with the perfect book, the light bouncing off his thick wavy hair, the slight curve of his mouth…
Bucky nodded. “Yeah the vet said she’d adapt, but you know,” he tapped his own prosthetic. “Mine’s pretty useful. I reckon she should get one too. We’ll be matching”
“Only the finest for the fighters of the
As he got closer he could see a young red-haired alpha clinging to the man’s hand, ashen white. “Viz!”
“Much provocation?” Tony hissed, and his voice was like steel. Steve knew he had to step in to stop it from escalating. It wouldn’t do to get on the wrong side of the man who sold them their food.
Tony whacked him on the shoulder. “Bucks, honestly.”
“Never was one for following rules,” Dad said, giving him a kiss.
Your kindness is appreciated.”
“Don’t be. I liked it. I liked it a lot.” Tony gave Steve a wink. “I just think I’d like it better if next time we did it somewhere a little more private.”
He looked down at Peter, who was staring at Tony’s departing figure, mouth open in surprise. He turned to Steve. “Papa, daddy shouted at Mr Bull! And hit him with a spoon!”
Steve had been bright red, but he’d gotten with the programme quick, pulling Tony against him and getting very handsy. Tony had loved it.
“You said you’d take my kidney!”
“Stíofán! You have to take these kids away. If they don’t stop frolicking in Rhodey’s smithy he is going to throw me out!”
Steve seemed to notice and went to say something, but suddenly a red head appeared at his elbow.
He helped him to his feet, looking him over. “You’re covered in mud.”
Unable to turn down a request from him, Stíofán drove back in, harder and faster. The sounds of his hips slapping against Tony’s had to be audible to them by now, but they rounded the corner anyway, both surprised by what they saw. Stíofán reached around to wrap his hand around Tony’s cock even as he kept eye contact with the two bucks.
He entered, and felt a wave of affection at the sight of a grumpy frown on Mr Roger’s face as he lay piled under far too many blankets in the middle of the bed. “How is the patient?”
Maria stepped back into her room, a smile blooming on her face. She thought maybe she understood a bit more what Carol was on about.
nothing.” Tony was close enough that Steve could breathe in his scent with every inhale, and it was making him feel a little dizzy. His stance was casual, unaggressive, but the pheromones he was giving off screamed protective, and Steve couldn’t help but revel in it.
Tony looked away, “Unless I’m just reading too much into it? You were in heat, and needed an alpha and I was just at the right place, at the right time?” He looked a little sad now, shoulders slumped slightly in disappointment. “I’m sorry. Now that I’m actually saying it out loud, it’s pretty clear I'm just reading way too much into it. I was convenient, I see that now, and I’m just grateful I was there to help you--”
She looked curious, but politely didn’t try and delve further. “How lovely. What have you seen so far?”
He sat with his back against the wall, trying to stay still.
“So it would seem.”
“Peadar!” He cradled the kid in his arms giving him a little jostle. “Come on, wake up baby.”
He petted Tony’s horns as they settled in, the crackle of the fire and the backdrop of the winds making him feel safe and warm.
Unsurprising, he supposed. If an alpha couldn’t get what he needed back home, why wouldn’t he seek it further afield?
signal with his hand and she snorted, giving him a lazy salute.
They rounded up the partygoers, piling them all into one part of the room, and several guards were put in place. The rumble of fear from his employees was quickly shut down by a barked order, and they stood quietly waiting for what would happen next.
Tony chuckled. “It’s fine. I’m glad I could help.”
“You don’t have any pets do you?”
Tony grinned. “I think she’ll fit right in.”
He couldn’t seem to suppress it, and worse, he didn’t know what to do about it.
“We met overseas,” Sam explained, kneading bread with strong, repetitive movements. “He and I both served in the same squadron. We became friends, then we became more, and then when our tour was over we decided we’d seen enough death and destruction, and we wanted to do something...kinder, build a life together.”
She stepped back into her room, closing the door and letting out a deep breath. Her chest felt a little tight.
Tony’s jaw dropped, and he tried to swipe the plate from the alpha’s hand. “What are you doing?!”
As the Sheriff led him around on Ana’s back, showing him how to keep his seat and how to direct her, he felt a sense of settledness. Maybe he could make it here after all.
He had finished his meeting and walked out onto the street, deciding to take in some air before returning to his horse. As he wandered past, he caught sight of Mr Rogers sitting on a bench near the churchyard. Thinking he might say hello, or perhaps offer to escort him home, he made to walk over but as he approached, someone else appeared, stopping him in his tracks.
“Move it or lose it, Rogers,” Tony called over his shoulder, already heading out the door. Steve followed after him dutifully.
When it happened, Tony wasn’t there.
Tony who seemed to like him and had given him a home, even if it was just for a little while. Steve liked him, really liked him. He wanted to be around him, soaking up that humour and kindness and maybe getting to hold him close, feel that soft beard against his jaw, those soft lips against his-
“I’ll be talking to Bucky about how he lets you know about bad news,” Steve rumbled. “It wasn’t nearly as bad as all that.”
“Good. Now, I’d better clean you off. You got heated in the night.” Tony kept his tone even. He wouldn't blush. This was an essential task, nothing more.
It was quick, both of them already worked up.
Tony snorted, an unattractive sound, but it made Steve grin. “Go home and clean up, you idiot,” he told Bucky, who gave them a wave and wandered off down the street.
Tony fired three missiles in rapid succession, watching as they homed in on their target from different sides. The explosion wasn’t big enough to damage the surrounding buildings, but the shockwave still flattened some of the surrounding cars and shrubbery. Tony winced when he saw Pepper’s brand new Porsche flip over in a smattering of debris. He owed her at least two shoe baskets.
“Take me home, Steve.”
was bringing his alpha things?! - but he covered it by heading back to unpack the basket.
“Please,” Tony said, his voice taking on a pleading tone. He didn’t want to hear it or have excuses made for him. He was so embarrassed.
“What was that?”
Steve snorted. “It’s a plant, Tony. It’ll probably live longer if you just leave it be.”
“I see you’ve met,” Pepper said, the tone of her voice suggesting there’d be questions later. “In which case, we can get down to business.”
“Who taught you to dance?” Tony asked teasingly.
“Steve!” he called, and Steve turned to see him, a big cut across his cheek.Tony hurried over to him, running his fingers gently over the heated skin. “Holy shit, what happened?”
She stood in the middle of her new room, looking around at her lovingly made bed and her posters tacked up on the walls. All of it new and hand-picked for her new life, but none of it familiar. She sat down on the bed, feeling suddenly, awfully homesick.
Antonius shook his head, pressing a little closer to Stíofán. “We’re kept away, there’s always an older faun present.”
Steve snorted, and then they were both laughing, curled up together, and it took Tony a moment to realise there was something begging for attention against his thigh. Steve tensed as Tony shifted back.
He frowned, adjusting the speed when suddenly the engine cut out and he had to hold steady as the bike rolled to a stop some ways down the road.
They kissed a little longer, Stíofán encouraging Antonius to explore. He shivered as soft hands drifted over his chest and his shoulders, coming up to rub over his pointed ears and horns. He was getting lost in the feeling when the hands pulled away, and he blinked, coming back to himself.
“Shouldn’t you be doing your study?” He looked over at the bronze clock on the mantle. It was well past the luncheon break Peter usually took, normally he’d be back at his desk listening to his tutor, Mr Rogers.
“No he didn’t.”
The birds sang, the clouds parted and the sun bathed them in a golden glow and the planets aligned in perfect symmetry.
The alpha held up a hand. “No need to apologise.” He was looking amused, for all he tried to hide it. “I think you did mean it, and I’m sorry if you’ve not been getting much sleep. Let's see what we can do to fix it.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony replied, continuing his walk down the main street, waving his fan gracefully but with vigour. He waved in reply to the townsfolk who offered a good morning, the alphas tipping their hats politely.
Steve stared for a long moment and then burst out laughing. “Oh my god. You’re one of the groupies they warned me about.”
There was a jolt of lightning across the sky as the dark clouds moved ever closer. He could feel a prickle of worry working its way up his spine as the first few droplets of rain began to fall.
Tony squeaked in surprise, his arms coming up on autopilot to clutch at Steve’s thin frame.
“That’ll be nice.” Tony wondered if she’d move in with them. Would he be expected to defer to his alpha’s Dame in his own home?
“Does not mean it’s untrue,” Peter muttered under his breath.
Steve chuckled. “Thanks, I--” His eyes flitted to the side, and his gaze went cold. Before Tony could ask what was wrong, Steve had picked up a peanut from the bowl on the bar and threw it across the room cracking a glass and knocking the drink from the woman’s hand, sending the liquid to the floor beside the bartender. She and the bartender both looked up, and Tony gaped at Steve.
There was a quiet meep behind him, and Steve smiled at Jemison, eyes finally starting to blur. “I have to go girl,” he told her, giving her a scratch under the chin. “Thanks for looking after me so well.”
“Everyone take cover!” He shouted into the comms as he lined up the shot. “Cap, you good? Is Planty -”
“Well, you’ll earn your keep. I want to hear what happens next to the
“Why?” There was that pout that always made Tony feel guilty but he couldn't help it.
“I think you had better hold your tongue if you want dessert.”
Tony relaxed, grinning. “Being awesome and saving Steve. Just a usual day.”
Of all the foolish decisions.
“Glad I could help,” Tony told him honestly. “And I appreciate you letting Alpine take part. It’s the first step to us being able to offer an affordable programme for people who are strapped for cash.” He handed his credit card to the bartender. “No four-legged friend should go without if they need it.”
“You are my friend,” S’Teve told him again, and he felt a pang in his stomach as Tony’s eyes seemed to dim. “But I also feel more strongly for you than anyone else. I felt… hurt, when it seemed like you did not consider me an option, even though I did not truly comprehend why at the time. I wanted you to think of us that way.”
“Bruce says your heat was probably close and the stress of dealing with that asshat Bradbury triggered it. It wasn’t your fault.”
If Tony was honest, he was falling for Steve a bit. Steve, who he had learned was an artist, worked for an animal charity, unashamedly liked Korean Dramas and whose mother was a retired nurse. He also liked working out which Tony could tell without being told.
“I’m so glad I answered that ad,” Steve told him, a soft rumble in his ear. “Bucky told me I was nuts, but I knew anyone brave enough to travel out here would be something special.”
Tony threw her a salute as they parted ways at the door to his office. “You got it, boss.”
“Nope.”
He got his nicest nightgown laid on the bed, and stripped carefully placing the other clothes aside.
He’d been feeling a little hot for the last hour though, which he assumed was a sign he should take a break soon. He figured he’d talk with one more couple and then see if he couldn’t get some fresh air.
“Steve!” he shouted as he got closer, and when Steve’s head snapped to look at him, all he could see was relief.
He couldn’t keep up the pace forever though. Eventually, his body made the decision for him one afternoon as he was helping out at the bakery.
“Having fun are we?”
Tony shook his head. “I eat the same as you, and you’re fine.”
The rest of the meeting went well, Steve stealing glances at him the whole time as they discussed the project. By the end, it was clear Pepper was sure he was right for the role, and she offered it to him after Tony gave her their subtle signal for agreement.
He slipped away, still bare, to the other room and came back a moment later with a basin and cloth. “Uh, you can, I’ll…” He grabbed his shirt and breeches, closing the door behind him.
Steve sighed. “Yeah well, I’m not sure it was worth it.” He gestured and JARVIS helpfully brought up Twitter. “Lot of people, calling for me to resign.”
“And just how do you suppose I do that?” The Sheriff had a cheeky grin on his face, and the thought popped into Tony’s mind unbidden - '
“Can you do that with anything?”
Tony put him to work dusting the high shelves, and Steve was pleased to find he caught Tony watching him more than once.
Disgusting.
What was different was the pen to the side. Inside were around fifteen does, all huddled near the back. The scent was almost intoxicating, getting Stíofán’s blood racing despite his best attempts. Each satyr was allowed to go inspect, get a look at the goods before fights would start, and Stíofán took his turn after Hammer gave him a jab in the kidneys.
Steve had gotten up then and stood toe to toe with the guy, hand clamped on his shoulder, as he’d growled, “Because if you don’t throw down at least a twenty right now, I’ll toss you out on your ass.”
“No,” the doe said, and Stíofán felt his breath catch. “I won’t. Now leave. Stíofán will be here soon.”
Stíofán burst out laughing, Tony doing the same. He wrapped his arms around Tony holding him close and kissing him deeply. If this was to be his last night, then he shouldn’t spend it wallowing.
Maybe things could be different this time?
“Why did you agree to go on a blind date with someone like me?”
“He needed the exercise. Are you sure you’ve got everything?”
“Though I’m not entirely sure bucks would accept armour from a doe.”
He paused as he looked at his shield. It would be less conspicuous to travel without it but the idea of leaving it behind made his chest tight.
“Hey!” Steve called,  grabbing a paperback off the stack and throwing it with precision. It struck the man’s hand hard as he swung around to face Steve, forcing him to drop the gun with a yelp. Steve followed up with a second, this time hitting him in the stomach and causing him to double over, groaning in pain.
“Ow,” Steve managed, but it sounded clear and strong, and Tony breathed a sigh of relief as he looked down at him, his glasses wonky but undamaged on his face. “The ground hurts.”
“You two have met?”
The sucking resumed, a clever tongue running up and down the sensitive skin, and Tony moaned, letting the sound break free without any shame. If his alpha wanted it, then by God he could have it.
The guy’s expression turned dark. “What did you say?”
Steve felt a surge of love and exasperation. “He’s fine. I saw him when I swung by the house. He was barking like crazy: it’s how I knew something was wrong.”
“Oh. Well I-”
Clint’s wife Laura had eventually waved them inside, offering tea and snacks. She’d grown up in a town not far from Tony’s, as it turned out, so he’d lost track of time swapping stories with her. It was nice, really nice. It made him feel like he was at home, but somehow nicer, since it felt like he really was a full-grown witch, out seeing clients and making friends in his new town.
“Peter don’t!” He bit out as he pulled him clear, but the step had clearly been too close and the snake’s head snapped out, it’s mouth gaping as it bit him, catching a flash of bare skin between jeans and sock.
He saw Mr Barton step forward. “I got one of my draught horses here, Mr Rogers. I’ll go fetch him and the rope if someone will grab the other items.” He looked at the crowd expectantly. “I’m sure someone will volunteer.”
He felt himself flush. Was there something he was supposed to be doing with it?
“Hey, he was just kidding, relax,” the satyr next to him said, hands up in supplication.
story.
“I’m all for charity, but some of these are ridiculous,” the older alpha who’d started talking to him said. “University scholarships for omegas? What’s the point? They learn everything they need to know at finishing school.”
“He’s going to be a good boy, aren’t you Oscar? Yes you are!”
“Because if you do you’re going to freak out and you’re only going to get one shot at this.”
anything here, didn’t have to pretend anything, he was just a guy with his bike. Now he had to go out and put the mask back on. He gave Sam his number, and took directions to the main stretch of shops a few minutes walk away.
Tony blinked and snorted. “I’ll say. I thought
“Of course,” Steve agreed amiably. “But why should you when I, who will be benefiting greatly from a full pantry in our house, can do it?”
This was good, he decided. Rather pleasant.
Sam grinned, deftly scooping up the three drinks on the counter. “Sounds fun. Lead the way.”
They spent the morning in the shop, which Steve enjoyed immensely.
“Anthony,” The Sheriff said with a kind smile. “It really is fine. Seems like you’ve been busy all day. No reason I can’t help out.”
“Just discussing Mrs Thompson’s baby shower. She’s getting close to her date, and the doctor thinks it might be twins. We’re just putting together a little party and getting her some things to help.”
Stíofán gave Tony’s tail a tug, making the doe squawk. “Patience.” He let his hands rub up and down Tony’s thighs, enjoying how rubbing the fur the wrong way made him shiver.
“I knew you’d like it,” the sheriff said with a glint in his eye. “And you wouldn’t want to insult Tony by not finishing it would you?”
to do?”
She leaned in and tucked her head under his chin. “I know Dad.”
“Yeah honey-bear,” Tony said, with a strained smile. He gave the kitten a scritch. “Everything’s peachy.”
“What happened this time?” Tony asked, exasperated.
Steve accepted the hideous snow globe and corny ‘I visited the largest ant colony and all I got was this lousy T-shirt’ shirt with a reluctant smile, looking at the ugly cartoon ant looking up at him. “Ummm thanks, appreciate it.”
“...and so I was thinking I could increase the capacity of the warp drive by -- hey! Are you listening to me?”
Tony looked up at the clock. Twenty-two minutes past. Perhaps he ought to accept Mr Rogers wasn’t coming. Maybe the whole thing had been a scam, like the ones he’d read about in the papers. He should consider himself lucky he supposed. He could’ve been like that poor woman he’d read about last month - coming all the way out west, being held up by ruffians, and finally arriving only to find her intended was one of the aforementioned thugs!
Suddenly, every touch Tony gave him was electric. He was one of the few on board who touched him at all, the rest of the crew avoiding it out of respect or discomfort. S’Teve could always rely on a pat of the shoulder or a nudge of an elbow to his side when Tony was around, though, and he found himself anticipating them, revelling in each one, and revisiting them during his meditation.
. And provided Tony didn’t ruin it, his alpha forever. It mattered.
Stíofán rolled them, resting easily between Tony’s thighs. “-mounted my beautiful doe? Perhaps you are right; I would lament missing a chance to get inside you, to feel you come apart around me.”
He’d kind of given up on the whole thing if he was honest. His words were...complicated.
Steve reached to grab two bowls from a cupboard and pulled a loaf of bread out of the breadbox. “Well now, up when the rooster crows to feed and water the horses. Then I eat my morning meal and head out to town. I’m gone most of the day at the Sheriff’s office, though often I or the deputies patrol and check in with some of the farms that are further out to make sure there’s no trouble. Sometimes the Marshall will call for us to help him on a manhunt, or we’ll receive notice of criminals wanted in the area, and we go track them down. But mostly it’s quiet: maybe busting up a bar fight or two at the saloon.” He cut a couple of thick slices and slathered them with butter from the icebox. “I’m kept plenty busy, but there’s usually some time for rest and leisure. I read a lot when I can get my hands on something, and I usually attend the town dances, mostly to make sure no one enjoys themselves
“I’m so sorry Tony. I promise this will be over soon,” Steve started to say, on the verge of tears while Tony continued to scream and beg, as he reached under Tony’s shirt in order to take the arc reactor out. “As soon as this is over I’ll put it back in. I promise. I don’t want to do this I swear, but it’s for your own good.”
Steve and Tony were both right at the entrance of the ice rink, skates on, with Tony on the ice, and Steve standing right outside of it.
Steve had been at the presents for more than two hours when he heard the door open. He turned and saw Tony’s face sticking out of a large blanket he had wrapped around him, that was dragging on the floor as Tony walked to him.
Tony nodded as he finally pulled his hand away from Steve, pulling it into his chest, wondering if that was going to be the last affectionate touch he’d get from Steve. He watched as Steve turned away and went to go put on clothes, and then quickly exited when Tony realized that it was a little weird to watch the person you were essentially breaking up with, get changed one last time.
“PLEASE I’m sorry- please just give it back,” Tony sobbed, “I’m sorry for whatever I did. I’ll fix it I promise just please give it back- it’s mine.”
“Okay, I’ll go check on him and then be right back.” Tony said, “Make sure you don’t make too much of a mess without us.”
Did Steve ruin his relationship with Tony without it even ever really developing?
“Why are you dressed up?”
“Do you think they burned the place down?” Tony asked his husband as they stepped into the elevator, heading to the penthouse.
“This was your idea, Steve, you have to get on the ice.”
“Yeah, Pops vetoed
“A couple.” Tony nodded, pretending to think a bit.
“Why?”
“You gotta put the ring on my finger for me, dummy.”
“Umm, have you met your daughter? I don’t think I’ve ever seen her in bed past 9am unless she was deathly ill.” Steve chuckled at his husband's concern, pulling him in with one arm, landing a kiss on his head.
Tony finally looked up, looking a little ashamed as he made eye contact with Steve.
“Finish your dinner babe. I still got a little extra surprise for you after.” Steve raised his eyebrows in question, but didn’t press on when Tony shook his head, refusing to say anything more. They talked and cuddled more as they finished dinner, looking out on to the frozen pond, looking at the ways the trees hung over it and the pine needles fell on the ice. Eventually, after checking his watch a number of times, Tony pulled Steve up and pulled him over to the pond.
“I think two weeks works,” Peter said, earning him a laugh from both his parents.
“I know, I know. It’s just,” Tony sighed, shoulders sagging and a headache starting to form, leaving what he was saying open, knowing his husband knew what he was talking about.
“Tony, it’s okay. Please don’t freak out,” Steve begged. “Is there anything else we can do JARVIS?”
“Tony, stop thrashing, please,” Steve pleaded, trying to get Tony’s wrists pinned with one hand, so he could take out the arc reactor with the other, but Tony was relentless.
“I really don’t like the idea of the whole world having access to pictures of Peter. He’s our son, not the rest of the world’s,” Steve said firmly.
“I’m fine,” Tony responded, though Steve knew he was lying as he sat up straight on the couch, feet now on the floor instead of on the couch, obviously trying to work on his breathing. Steve got up and crouched in front of Tony.
“Tony wh-
“I know a loop that is about five miles and ends with that fancy ice cream place two blocks away that you really like.”
“Darn it, I thought we got all of them. Who is it for?”
“Please talk to me, babe.” Steve was brushing his hand through Tony’s hair as he waited for a response. He felt bad, not wanting to push, but he also needed to know what Tony wanted him to do. Whether it was to leave or stay or get him something or help him do something, he just needed to know where Tony was at.
“I promise you he wasn’t. Sam’s just one of those super friendly and affectionate people.”
“Yeah, I guess you were right.”
How was he supposed to explain it to them? They were the ones who always warned him against friends with benefits. His friends knew that he fell too hard too fast for friends with benefits to be a good idea for him. But he went and did it anyway, and with a teammate no less. A teammate who was starting to show interest in Sam, yet another teammate, a new one that Steve had brought on no less. Tony needed to get his head out of his ass and break it off, but he didn’t want his friends knowing about that.
“Where do you need us, Captain?” Bucky asked.
“I know. It just feels like it sometimes. I don’ want to share my family. I don’t think the constant hounding of reporters and rumors flying everywhere are helping either though.”
“Well that’s fine then. Just ask me next time before you swap, okay?”
Steve wanted to cry. He hated being in this position. Having to further traumatize Tony in order to keep him alive. It wasn’t fair, but life tended not to be towards either him or Tony.
“I could- I don’t know…. Maybe I could show you?”
"All finished! Told you it wouldn't take long. It was a pretty easy fix, and you pro-"
Tony actually hadn’t been staring at Steve, just zoned out towards Steve’s face, but his warm sleepy voice pulled Tony back to focus, setting sights on the enigmatic smile on Steve’s face. And that made Tony panic.
“When are your firsts tests? Each of you?” Steve asked.
Tony just glanced up at him with a smirk before looking back at the picture.
Tony did hear that and proceeded to freak out even more than he was.
“I would also not mind watching this Nutcracker if it is classic Christmas.”
They hadn’t been expecting the lead scientist to be able to fight. He hid in the corner while Tony was looking at the data, out of his suit, trying to figure out what was important, when the scientist jumped him, hitting him over the head, causing Tony to collapse. He was able to call the other two on the earpiece, just as the scientist injected Tony with something. Natasha and Clint rushed in to see their teammate in the middle of a panic attack. As soon as Natasha had calmed him down, and Clint grabbed whatever data he could get his hands on, they were out of there.
Steve smiled as well at that and leaned in to give Tony a kiss.
“We both could have talked more and communicated better. I should have talked to you about being more instead of just assuming we were.”
“Just one second Mr. Stark,” The hostess said as she picked up the phone and dialed a number. She turned her back to them and mumbled into the phone, saying something that Steve was unable to discern. After a moment, she hung up the phone and smiled at them as she turned around.
“How you feeling babe?” Steve asked when Tony got to him, burying his head in Steve’s neck.
“Tony, are you okay?” Steve asked as soon as he heard the sound of heavy breathing coming from the couch.
“Time for the last surprise of the night,” Tony says as he pulls out a box. Steve glances inside, and smiles wide as he sees the contents of said box.
“It’s been six months Tony, it just kind of felt like it had mo-“
“I guess I should have talked to you about it instead of just letting that fester,” Tony said, finally willing to make eye contact with Steve, who just shrugged.
“Have you guys picked a movie yet?” Tony asked, as he moved towards Peter, who was lying down on the other end of the couch.
“For the team,” Steve interrupted. “They’re gonna know something’s up between us and we should be on the same page about what we tell them.”
“Captain Rogers,” was all the AI said initially.
“No! I swear I’m not. Why would you even think that?! It was one bad trip last night but I swear I had no idea it would happen. And if I did I never would have done it!” Peter exclaimed, tears now in his eyes. He threw himself into Tony’s arms, terrified that he had even made his parents think that it may be true. Tony couldn’t even speak, sobbing from the fear that it could have been, so Steve was the one who continued the conversation.
After a moment, it finally hit Steve.
“It does. Now leave everything and lets head out of here. It’ll still be here when you come back.” Steve said. Peter nodded and headed out of the room. Isabel though, still had yet to budge. Tony put a hand on her shoulder to try and get her attention, but she just shrugged it off, making him sigh.
“Shit,” the man said. “I’ll clean that up - grab some towels or something.”
Then Tony spun around, his face blazing with anger, and smacked him on the chest. Ow.
“- one kidney to survive, yeah, she said that too. It’s not as reassuring as either of you think.” Tony looked at the plant again, sitting so innocently in its little terracotta pot. “Alright. Jarvis, get a live feed on this thing. Check humidity, soil acidity, leaf stiffness, the works. If the stats change by even a single point, I want to know about it.”
“Absolutely,” Tony said, feeling pleased. “Always happy to help and the press definitely won’t hurt.” He took out a card from his wallet. “Get them to call my Business Manager. She’ll set up a meeting.”
. You’re Vulcan, I thought you were above that sort of thing.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. And I don’t care. You need to get the fuck out of my party.”
’s office are anything to go by. I had to slip away for some privacy if you take my meaning.”
Steve looked down at Hodge, trussed up, and gagged on the floor of the tent looking murderous. There was a large bruise on his forehead, a trickle of blood winding its way down his face.
“Exactly. And trust me, Stevie is going to love that you can fly. Trust me. He loves flying and he’s always wanted to. You know that airship down by the port? You must’ve seen it when you flew in. He’s
They dismounted and trudged the rest of the way up, Steve oddly subdued. He perked up though when they hit the rise and could see the field next to the shore, the dirigible floating big and bright in the distance.
“Hey, Steve?”
He fretted, running a hand through his hair.
“We’re a tech startup. MedTech. We just got our first major contract. We’re actually going to make money for once.”
“Only you could make money selling prosthetic legs for cats.”
“So you accept my challenge,
Tony shook his head, the shock still fading. “No! I just meant to give it a little boost, it’s just meant to-“ he stopped, the realisation sweeping over him. And then he began to laugh. “Oh my god.”
“Fuck, fuck fuck,” Tony groaned. “What are we going to--”
Tony huffed. “Alright.
Tony looked at the little girl, her dark hair in two loose braids and a chubby fist in her mouth. Her eyes were wide, but she didn’t look scared despite the bustling crowd around them. She took everything in curiously, her dark eyes drawn swiftly to the broom in Tony’s hand.
Maria nodded, feeling the nerves clench in her stomach. “Read it.”
coming from there. Iron Man, can you blow it up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Panic forgotten for a moment, Tony poked his head around the corner, looking at the man who had served him bent over to inspect a large oven, while another guy stood by looking stressed and holding a tray of unbaked dough.
It was the right decision. He was sure of it.
“Chatter,” Steve cut in over the sound of his shield smashing robots. “Iron Man, what’s your ETA?”
He heard the whistle telling him they were pulling into the station and hurriedly washed his face and applied a little of his makeup. Only a little: he just wanted to highlight his features, not seem vain. He repacked all his possessions and stepped back out into the carriage just as the train came to a halt.
“I’m here! I’m ready! Let’s go,” Tony said as he came down the hall, pulling Steve into the elevator as he walked in. Silence in the elevator didn’t last, as they only made it 3 floors down before Tony spoke up again.
"Okay so maybe I wasn't completely sure I had connected the dots yet." When Steve didn't say anything, Tony continued. "I may have been harassing Natasha to see if she knew anything, but she wouldn't say anything except ‘why don't you ask him yourself' until yesterday when she got frustrated and said 'you fuckers are both so thick. The dumbasses are perfect for each other' in Russian when I asked her again. JARVIS translated and I figured it out."
“Can we at least talk about it first? Please?”
“Friends with benefits never lasts Steve.” And Tony could cry as he watched Steve’s face crumble before his eyes.
“You haven’t gotten much done, have you?”
“What if there’s something more to this recklessness? Not just normal teenage rebellion, but what if he genuinely doesn’t care if he lives or dies?” There was a pregnant pause between the two as Tony processed what Steve was trying to say.
“I’m sorry I made you guys ever worry about that. But no, I promise, I’m not trying to kill myself. Just stupid teenage rebellion. Well, maybe not that stupid because the exact reason we did it here was in case something went wrong because I do know there are always risks when using drugs and drinking. I know with Spiderman and stuff it’s a little different, but it’s just that. Everyone does it.  I’m just, not a little kid anymore,” Peter explained. Tony went back to combing his hand through Peter’s hand.
“That still doesn’t answer my original question of why?”
“The arc reactor cannot handle the intensity level of Sir’s panic attack, and I fear that it will be permanently damaged if it continues much longer at this level.”
"Want to walk through Central Park? We can get a hot drink and just walk around."
"But w-"
“Peter agrees. Your possessiveness is getting to be a problem.” Tony turned to Steve, saying it in a mock serious voice, to which Steve reciprocated in rolling his eyes.
The two of them sat in silence for what seemed like forever, neither quite knowing what to say. Finally, as Tony got up, Steve finally started to talk.
“Drugs and alcohol are a little different than fighting crime.”
“I don’t like sharing,” Steve mumbled.
The elevator finally dinged, and they walked out and into the penthouse. It was quiet, and no one was there to welcome them. Not that Tony was expecting it or anything. He was about to ask Friday where they were when they saw Matt bounding down the hallway, looking slightly out of breath.
After that, it all sort of went downhill.
“How lovely,” Tony said, sort of meaning it. It had to be tough carrying a pup out here, and it was sweet that the other omegas could help out and ease the burden a little. “Well, please, if there’s anything she needs, let me know. I’d be happy to contribute.”
J.J huffed out a long deep breath. “That went better than I thought.”
He pinched his cheeks for colour, dabbed a little scent behind his ears and moved the lamp closer to the bed to create a warm glow.
And then--
Sam’s face went soft, clearly remembering the moment. “It wasn’t anything too fancy. I was working at the Paws ‘R’ Us, and some grumpy guy walks in and points at the first cat he sees and says ‘I want that one, it’s fluffy as fuck.’”
“Are you ready for tomorrow?”
“Oh,” Mr Rogers said, eyes wide and shiny. “Mr Stark, I’d-- I’d like that very much. Very much indeed.”
“Yeah, you helped us, we can help you. And in return, if you want you can help us in the bakery until you start getting some magic clients of your own. Seem fair?”
Everything was fine when they went to bed too.
“So um, there’s an art fair tomorrow, and I’m showing some of my pieces. I was wondering if maybe you and Peter wanted to come? I meant to ask earlier but I didn’t know if you’d want--”
Tony raised an eyebrow. Then rolled his hips, making Stíofán groan. “Are you sure you can take it?”
Steve felt an irrational rush of jealousy at that. Tony knew what he wanted, where he felt comfortable and had made it happen. He looked comfortable in his own skin and Steve
“I suppose I don’t matter enough to know if you’re safe, hmm?”
"Well, it's a pretty easy fix; It either just needs a jump start, or a new battery, but I'm pretty sure I have one that would work for your bike. I can get it done within the hour."
“No, I need to understand this material.”
“Y-Yes. Yes, absolutely yes.” Tony said softly, shaking, as he leaned down, the ring still in the box in his hand, to hug Steve. Steve laughed, hugging Tony back as he also tried to fight the tears from falling down his face. They sat there for a few minutes, both crying and laughing and hugging, before Tony pulled back, handing Steve back the ring. For a second Steve looked panic, but Tony quickly spoke.
“Okay. Let’s get back to picking a movie. Any objections to Home Alone and then some cartoons?”
“Think about it like a mission. The end-goal is to go out with Tony, but you gotta do recon and build rapport before that.”
“Steve,” Tony groaned, “it has to. I can’t keep doing this anymore.”
“Love you too,” Steve said with one last kiss before he left the room. Tony turned back to see that Isabel had gone back to the book she was reading. He walked towards her and got on to his knees next to her, so they were closer to eye level.
For once though, they were going out, and May was more than happy to take the kids for the night, and the kids were thrilled to be having a sleepover together with May, who Peter spent a lot of time with, though for Isabel and Matthew it was less common. Once the kids were dropped off, they headed to the restaurant.
"Ummm…. I was actually thinking we could go on a run!" Steve said. He saw Tony scrunch his face a bit before Steve added to this suggestion. “We could do a short run and get ice cream on the way back?"
“And they haven’t slept or eaten anything substantial since we left.”
“Isabel, you need to take a break.”
"Deal, but Bruce and Sam need to be included in that because they were helping me as well."
“Even more of a reason to take a break now.” And that’s when she snapped.
That wasn’t really important at the moment though. What was important was that he was staring at a sleeping Steve after having spent the night. In and of itself, having spent the night with Steve wasn’t a bad thing. They were friends with benefits after all. The issue was, that they hadn’t even had sex last night.
"It's really no problem. I like helping my friends out. You can even wait in here if you want while I do it."
“Put the book down for a few minutes and look and talk to me, or I’m taking the book and you’ll get it back tomorrow.” At the threat, Isabel finally looked at him. It was the first good look he got at her face, and it made him realize how worn out she actually was.
It didn’t take long for Tony to end up back at the tower on Steve’s floor. Steve looked tired when Tony walked in, but something in his eyes seemed a bit different when he noticed Tony. He suggested a ‘netflix and chill’ type thing, so they crawled into Steve’s bed, threw on a movie, and cuddled until the mood hit.
"Just trust me when I say, he'll say yes." Once Natasha said that, Steve knew that it was pointless to argue.
“I thought Pepper was dealing with him?”
"That sounds like Natasha." Was all Steve could think of to say. They both sat there in silence for a bit, neither too sure of what to say.
“Mmmm, stop staring at me.”
Tony couldn’t help but smile at this picture of all of them, content and together. He couldn’t help but think that as great as breaks are, nothing can beat family time.
“Is this why you wanted to go all out for Christmas this year? Like a month-long proposal?”
“THEN WHY THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN FLIRTING WITH SAM FOR THE PAST TWO MONTHS.”
“Holy shit you guys have so many cookies,” Sam said as he sat down.
“They’re fine. Why are you to so worried? I thought this weekend was supposed to be about you two relaxing.” Matt said, the usual confidence in his voice wavering a bit. Tony took a deep breath, counting to ten in his head, before making eye contact with his son.
“Tony, I-“ Steve started to say before Tony abruptly cut him off
After a few minutes of silence, Tony finally spoke, though his voice sounded like it was about to crack.
“And second, it would mean that you have to leave this-” Tony paused to blow raspberries on Peter’s check, making the infant burst into more giggles- “little one with someone who isn’t you or me.”
“Nah, no Nutcracker tonight. I already bought a bunch of tickets to see it on Christmas Eve.”
“A bit.”
“That’s not fair,” Peter grumbled.
Tony looked at him for a minute, his face changing to one that almost looked suspicious.
“We aren’t Russian, most of us don’t care about the ballet. Only you, and maybe Bruce.”
“That would require me to actually be absorbing the information now.”
“The arc reactor needs to be removed from Sir’s chest for the remainder of his panic attack.”
“Haha, you’re so funny.”
“You’ll see.” Steve’s mind wondered as Tony lead him behind the restaurant and down a short trail. When he saw it though, his heart melted.
Steve was glad when Tony ignored him, shaking his head.
“I think that sounds perfect. So, tell me about some of your ideas!”
“No, dad! I need to finish this book now so I can get through the rest of the material in the next few days. I’m already behind because everything is taking longer than I was expecting. So I’d really just like to go back to studying.” Isabel said, turning back to her book. While Tony was sympathetic to her frustrations, he knew she couldn’t keep doing this, and she needed to understand.
Tony gave Steve a kiss on the lips before pulling back from the hug, looking at his eyes again.
“n’t keep doing this. I’m so sorry.”
“I think that’s a little extreme…” Tony said, getting up and walking to the sink, dumping his barely touched coffee down the sink drain. He rubbed his chest as he refused to look at Steve, obviously concerned.
Even if he didn't want to admit it, Steve knew they were right. That didn't make doing it any easier. He still wanted to plan it out to try and guarantee a good outcome.
“Why?” Steve asked, not mentioning that he had done that for all of Clint’s kids’ gifts.
It was especially bad because of this new deal that was happening at Stark Industry. There was another company that was apparently in the process of being bought by them, so Tony had to spend a lot of time working on the deal with the owner of said company. Apparently, the owner had a thing for Tony and didn’t try to hide it, at least according to what Steve had heard from Pepper. Tony always said that it was nothing, and in the past, Steve thought nothing of it. He trusted Tony. He really did; the rumors and the timing were getting to Steve though. He didn’t like idea of that guy openly flirting with his husband, and the rumors that were constantly flying, and everyone wanting a piece of his family, especially the media, and it was driving him up a wall.
He was able to avoid being in Tony’s presence for 23.5 hours. It wasn’t down to luck either, since he heard from Mr Wilson that Tony was expending a great deal of energy trying to track him down.
Steve grimaced, trying to keep himself from thinking about the smell. Serum enhanced memory was both a blessing and a curse. “So are you going to help me or not?”
