“Tony?” Steve heard natasha next to him
She held up the syringe for him to see and waited for him to give the okay amd when he did she worked quickly , tugging Tony’s underwear to expose his glute and  plunged the needle into the muscle. He cried out and flailed suddenly realizing what happened but Steve held him still whispering in his ear that they were sorry and it was to help him to sleep.
He felt Tony nod against his wandering lips on his face and he grinned catching a quivering lower lip between his teeth. He pressed his palm flat against his chest letting it move higher pulling his shirt up to reveal a small band of pale tan skin in its wake.
"Don't encourage him. Why are you both talking about this anyway. Also why is he texting you during school hours?" Steve asked, he wasn't particularly concerned about Tony being mad at him for this but now he was starting to wonder if maybe he should have tried to talk to Tony before leaving school.
“What, honey what are you saying?” natasha asked and by now Steve was desperately running his hands over his body trying to see if he was hurt elsewhere
“Honey" he called out breaking his trance and Tony jumped a little but settled fast
“not just okay, you are doing really well baby. You can go to sleep if you are tired.,” he told him and Tony looked at him and then the empty room behind him
“Here, this “ tony thrusted something small,  button sized at him and Tony yanked it back from him before he could ask what it was and he climbed on the bed and tugged on Steve’s ear before pushing the little device in. Only then did Steve even realize that it was some kind of communication device .
“Can you watch him for a minute,  I’ll go get him a shirt" she smirked at him turning back to watch tony and Steve quickly went up to get one of his shirts for Tony to wear since they double as pajamas for him and they come down to his knees anyway.
Tony groaned a little , before finally prying his eyes open ,his eyes initially not tracking but after a few seconds it landed on my face before he gave me puzzling look.
Steve was in a somewhat happy mood as he made his way over to his class that morning, Tony’s class to be precise and the students were all already in their places. Tony was also there, and Steve heaved a sigh of relief he didn’t know was there when he realised that tony was okay. After tony didn’t show up for two days he was worried that injury he was so reluctantly nursing might have been worse than projected.
He kept telling himself that he was only looking out for a student after an episode of panic attack.
“you got tony out here, you knew this would happen.” Fury, the goddamned bastard had the guts to smirk at Steve.
There was already a saline bag hanging from a pole next to the bed so at least tony knew that was coming.
He prides himself in being a history teacher at the local school , he did after all have first hand experience in said history.
“I am not a child”
“Don’t look" he said pushing his hand into Steve’s face and Steve chuckled
A few minutes of comfortable silence followed and Steve knew he had to be the one to break it. In so many years he had avoided one thing, to find peggy. It’s not that he didn’t want to, he just felt so out of place , a new world he needed to get used to and ofcourse the one reason he really didn’t want to find her was for the fear that if peggy had moved on then Steve’s presence would only complicate things.
“I did get you some hot chocolate though" natasha winked at him  handing over a travel cup to him
“okay that’s good” He heaved a sigh and Steve leaned closer to him
“I’ll need large resources on this one , not just – “ Steve was interrupted by an agent who stood meekly by the door afraid of interrupting “captain, there's a Ms. Potts that's been trying to contact you on your phone for a while now" Steve frowned slightly annoyed at being interrupted .
“No you do it" he said and nat patted him on the back
Tony was out from under the covers in less than two seconds. His face flushed a bright red as he stared incredulously at Steve who by now was laughing so hard he had tears in his eyes.
“obadiah was right, I -"
Tony sniffled against his neck “Did the doctors check you over?” He asked, Steve could feel him fisting the uniform on his back. It was the first thing he had said after Steve had pulled him onto his lap and it surprised him that Tony’s thoughts were on Steve’s health.
“ Why is no one telling me where he is?”
“It depends” he said , clearing his throat  and then continued “on what your definition of making out entails” Steve pursed his lips holding in a smile . If he could make snide retorts then he would be fine.
“steve"
“Why do you ask?”
“Go back to sleep, I need to talk to someone okay?” Tony frowned tugging on his shirt
“he’s still a threat, we know what he is capable of, how are you going to keep him in your apartment with no incidents?” natasha said as they settled in for their long journey back. It had already been four days since they left New York and Steve was honestly ready to go home.
“I killed them" he said, voice crystal clear and sharp.
“I couldn’t do it anymore, he had to know” Steve sighed
After a few seconds Tony relaxed his grip and Steve sighed “better?” he asked and Tony nodded and Steve immediately let go , and covered him back up kissing his head
“kay. Come back fast though.”
“find anything?” They shook their heads in unison, Natasha finally looking up . She scanned him top to bottom before frowning at him.
“ I need to leave Tony,  come on wake up for me” brown eyes blinked open staring with unseeing eyes
“Good morning" he said bending down to kiss him on his cheek
“I got you sweetheart, you just need to take a deep breath. Do it with me , do you feel my heart?” he said gently pushing Tony’s head against his chest feeling Tony shake in his arms.
“ let me have a look at that injury of yours" he said pointing to Tony’s midsection. And Tony took a step back
“tell us what you remember” Bruce said handing Steve a mug of tea. He hated tea but he was grateful for it at the moment.
“are you okay?” Tony nodded again sniffling
“Mm. I am glad you are okay" steve said softly
”what?” Steve asked
“That wont be necessary, thank you.” He told them knowing once the doctors were out he could get Tony to rest for a while.
“It’s  okay,  he’s asleep"
“I I can't remember” steve sighed and Tony turned his body towards him ignoring everyone else in the room and reached out to Steve again
“There will be a reactor casing implanted in his chest, and the reactor core can be changed at will.”
“Deserve whom?” tony asked sauntering over panting and sweating like he hadn’t just had a bath. He collapsed on the chair next to Steve gulling down all of Steve’s water.
“Fine, but promise me you won’t get mad"
“Oh, most definitely”
Tony reached out tentatively and Steve pulled back , he scooted his chair just out of reach for Tony giving him a silent apology.
“Okay, can you hand over the oxygen mask , a cloth to wipe his face with and probably some scrubs. I’ll press the nurse call button once we are ready for you.”
“really?” he asked and now Steve could see he was finally fully awake and tracking .
“Mr Rogers can you please explain the last portion of the class to us once again? We were quite confused”
Tony to his chest and in the process tugged the pant down.
“What does he want?” bruce asked him and Steve sighed
“nothing.” He said frowning as his eyes wandered around the room.
“I don’t think obie will appreciate you dropping me off" Tony said shrugging his shoulders.
“so I hear tony really likes history" she said a hint of smirk on those ever red lips that Steve had first fallen for.
“Come on, I’ll drop you off and then you can really get some rest" he said eyeing the teen one last time to make sure he was going to be okay.
“Okay , come on. Bruce you want to join us?” he asked as Tony handed over something for him to carry. It looked like a mini microwave but Steve had long since learnt not to ask.
“He was there, when I was being held in some underground facility. I remember him , he was often there. They argued a lot about money and weapon transactions”
“about an hour” he nodded and Steve waved a hand at the door “I’ll be with nat on level 2, call me if you need anything else” he said as he left Steve to change out of his severely damaged and charred clothes. It took him a few minutes to scrub the soot off his body but the shower had really helped loosen the tense muscles. There was a long gash across his chest, but it wasn’t bleeding anymore so he let it be.
“I’ll do it" I said settling on the bed. “very well captain” the nurse said kindly .
“I don’t want him in this picture at all” all Steve wanted was tuck Tony away safely until all this was dealt with  but he knew it wasn’t that easy. Weather he liked it or not Tony was already caught in the center of It all.
“Tony, shield knows everything.” He said as he turned left out of the parking lot. By the time they reached Tony’s house they were both soaking wet and Tony’s hands were clinging onto Steve’s shoulder his fingers white from the cold.
“ it’s just one floor above us, we will stay right there until you guys come up as well. Please, we have already seen this stuff.” and Tony was looking at him ready to pout , so Steve said “okay but if you guys create any trouble….” They were out of sight before steve could finish that sentence.
"J, take me to my room"
“that’s it, come on Steve. Look at me" the voice coaxed and a new warmth joined his shoulder.
“Shall we take a walk then?” he asked as he washed his hands again and dried them on the hanging towel.
“I don’t want that thing in me" he said “I didn’t agree to that"
“You were jealous because I helped a girl who was unconscious?” Tony glared at him
“What are you afraid of?” he asked and Steve caught the fingers that were now playing with his collar.
“oh let’s see how funny you are with this knife in your gut," he said pulling out a small knife from his belt and Steve should have been scared but really he was just glad.
“okay.” Tony’s eyes snapped up in surprise as if he hadn’t expected Steve to give in so easily.
“next time can we – “ Steve stilled behind him
“I have to say that it was rather pleasant, how was yours?”
“He called out for you, you should have broken my arm off , what were you thinking!”
“Then stop talking and come here” he said winking at him and Tony crawled over towards him and sat on his knees in front of Steve unsure what to do.
Guilt and fear suddenly gripped him as he reached out a hand to grasp Tony's, but Tony pulled it away from him. Steve pretended that didnt affect him.
“when we found him again , he was enhanced like me. “the winter soldier” is his code name . A murderer, he was brainwashed, under some kind of influence.” Tony still hadn’t moved so Steve continued
It took a team effort and a lot of bribing from Steve’s part to get Tony to stay still long enough for the doc to draw blood. He whimpered and whined through the whole process and when he was made to lay down for the x ray he threw a fit.
“Tony" he pried his eyes open confusion dawning on his face as he looked at Steve and then looked around.
As he waited anxiously for Bucky to come out of the shower, his phone rang and he jumped at the loudness of it immediately reaching it to silence it, but when he saw it was just natasha calling he answered it
“He was wearing a uniform, complete with a tie” Steve said looking her in the eyes knowing he is now currently a deep shade of crimson daring her to comment.
"I.. yes. We are sorry" she said and Steve cut the call annoyed even more because saying sorry was not going to excuse their behaviour.
He could hear the TV, thanks to the enhanced hearing from the serum. It definitely sounded like something animated and Steve smirked. Ofcourse Tony was going to make him watch something that he absolutely would have never even thought of.
“we did talk about Bucky, after the incident of him with tony” they all nodded “I did mention he was the winter soldier, and told him he was staying at my old apartment”
"Ofcourse sweetheart. What do you want to talk about?" Tony lifted his head from hiding and looked at Steve, timid and shy.
“Unggh" Steve crushed his lips to Tony’s open and panting mouth as he stroked both of them at the same time in his large palm Feeling Tony’s body jerking on his lap .
“We can give him a mild sedative” Dr.Brandon said, gently as if she was trying not to startle tony again which was when Steve realised that Tony’s eyes were drooping.
Four heads nodded in synchrony at the screen and Steve pulled out the folded documents in front of him and the others followed doing the same.
Steve sat still for a good two seconds, comprehending before taking a good look at him and decided “okay” Tony’s eyes snapped up to meet his , it seemed as though he had not expected Steve to agree.
When tony responded to the kiss he pulled away and used his arms to lift Tony and position him between his legs and used his own feet to pull apart Tony’s and held them there exposing his twitching cock to the expanse of the room.
“Tony passed out”
“What will we tell fury?”
"What are you afraid of honey? I promise you are safe with me"
“welcome back" he said rocking backward and forward a little. His eyes were rimmed red, but Steve couldn’t tell if it was from the chlorine of the swimming pool or something else.
“what are you doing!”
“What? How many people know we are here? Clint you are insan-" he started
“Yeah, feels good to be out here finally” he sighed as he cuddled closer closer to Steve seeking the warmth.
“Okay, you can put me down now" he said when steve didn’t let him go after a few seconds
Phil nodded before continuing but lowered his voice anyway
“ okay” Steve smiled getting up from sitting on his knees with a slight groan he sat down next to Tony turning him towards him .
“Do you have any questions?” tony shied away like as if they weren’t just talking about sex
“cap, what the hell is going on?” he heard Clint through the comms  and he ducked as he saw thor’s hammer come hurtling towards them. The hammer caught Buckys metal arm tearing it at his shoulders and Bucky looked momentarily shook and Steve took the opportunity to tackle err him to the ground pressing his face into the ground and holding him there.
A doombot came swinging at natasha as she ducked and Steve flung his shield hard into it severing its neck from the body. One of its arms caught Steve along his cheek drawing blood.
“Don’t be sorry, just please be responsible.” He said cutting the line.
“it was a really long time ago, and It’s fine now.” He said quietly
“I am not” he said unconsciously bodily leaning towards Steve and Steve knew exactly what he needed.
Tony finally looked up And shook his head “I don’t want to deal with obie right now"
“right” Natasha said drawing their attention to her “I am going to order some Chinese, are you guys down?”  she got up walking to door before turning back and waiting for them to answer
“Steve?” he asked his breath rasping and his eyes unfocused
“that’s not how school works though” Tony pursed his lips at Steve , and pulled out a neatly folded slip
Steve didn’t bother with the teasing knowing Tony was not going to last long and pulled away looking up at Tony, a thin layer sweat over his skin and he licked his lips tasting the cum that was smeared over his skin.
“Woah, how did you know it was in the basement?”
“Its not fair steve , you have kept a lot of information from me too. And If I feel I don’t need to share it with you now then that is my decision” he said , but Steve could hear the tremble in his voice,  he was only retaliating to Steve’s anger and nothing more.
He eased Tony’s hand clawing at his back and brought it to his own throbbing cock , wrapping it around , he guided Tony’s hand into stroking him and it was the first time Steve had felt Tony's touch on him and he was embarrassed to say how fast he came, his cum splattering onto Tony’s chest and abdomen mixing with his own.
The rest of the day went by fairly monotonous. It was normal enough that Steve forgot about the incident that happened in the morning. He had even squeezed in time to have a coffee break with Bruce. With everything happening with Tony's home life, this new mission and school ,Steve was finding it a little hard to balance. He was stressed about Tony's lack of self preservation especially because everytime Steve brought up the abuse he refused to make a big deal of it.
“Steve come on you gotta wake up" Clint said shaking him harder and Steve woke abruptly sitting up in bed the covers falling around him. It took him a second to process that Clint had woken him and thor had sat himself down on his bed. Which could both explain the earthquake.
He was out of his chair in seconds and Steve laughed at him when feet got caught on the carpet and he fell and would have fallen face first if not for Clint who caught him by the back of his shirt which left him suspended a few inches from the floor.
“Its okay, Its only a ten minute drive. Besides no one is going to catch captain America and give him a ticket.” He said smirking as he caught the look on Tony’s face in the mirror.
“Courting a student is not regarded well in asgard"
He made a quick detour to the mall, he hated going there normally because people would stare at him and it was harder to hide there. He spent almost a half hour picking out the best running shoes he could find.
“Think you better go get him before he spontaneously combusts in place"  Bruce said and Steve pushed away from the wall a little too eagerly needing Bruce to steady him.
“Not yet, be patient” peggy told him and he pouted and Steve wanted to kiss that pout away but he held himself back and watched them both silently
Tony pursed his lips and it was just adorable in a forgive me kind of way “sorry, thanks" he mumbled and was off to wherever he was headed to in a hurry.
It took a few seconds but she eventually opened her eyes. Steve grabbed her flailing hand as confusion took over holding it firmly
Tony had said he was so tired of everything going to ‘shit’ and wanted a normal life or as normal as he would get. Steve was way past that, the worry an ever present companion lingering in the back of his head.
Tony just glared at the shirt at it landed by his side and strained to look at what steve had bought them to eat
And surprisingly enough , Tony was the last to leave class today . He casually walked towards Steve’s table once everyone had left, his bag strapped over one shoulder as he pulled out a yellow slip handing it over to Steve who took it from him curiously.
“Important huh? That’s why you couldn’t stop squirming in your seat?” he snorted and Steve stepped closer to Tony  ,Tony still oblivious to Steve’s intentions.
“I need you to let go of him tony, I am going to help him , come on. He’s going to to be fine”
“did they give you anything to eat at all?” he asked voice soft and worried
“we don’t want Tony for anything, Howard was a big part of shield. And we understand the risk and targets that may very well become associated with Tony because of his father’s actions. All we want to do is protect him, just like you.” Fury retaliated
Tony giggled,  his nightmare already forgotten in the drugged state of his mind. He extentedid one arm out and grinned at Steve and then back at his hand
“tony, come on , the doors are gonna close!” He heard pepper from inside the train and was about to wave tony off towards the closing doors but his com in his ears crackled as it was tuned into and he heard Lou he and clear “code black”
"How many relationships have you been in so far?" Steve chuckled while Tony frowned at him
“phil found these when he first looked into stane. There are a lot of them,pre surgical ,post surgical. Even follow up x Rays upto the age of twelve.” He just nodded, looking at the documents , the amount of medical jargon was baffling and even though steve knew lot in medical terms, this was some advance things and he couldn’t make out a lot of the science.
“No , will probably take a few more hours"
“What time is it ?! We have to go to school" he groaned and moved to get up buy Steve gently held him in place
"Hey Tony! I see Steve dragged you here earlier than your normal" she said giving me a hug.
“Uhm you said it will hurt a lot that day and how am I supposed to know if that’s okay or not?” valid question, steve smiled at his genius
“is he okay?” tony asked Bruce his voice rougher than before , the fatigue finally showing on his face and stature. Bruce gave him a once over before answering “mild concussion,  a broken wrist , some bruising. He will be brand new within the end of the week" steve blushed as tony smirked before leaning down and giving him a quick kiss on his lips. “I need to talk to fury about coordinating my SI crew for clean up .will you be okay for a few minutes?” he said waiting for steve nod but instead all he got was a pout.
He nodded “ Its just the exhaustion, he will be fine" nat gave a small nod before heading out.
“Nope, I have physics next. I like Dr.Banner, he doesn’t put me to sleep" steve flicked him on his forehead while Tony mock gasped at him
He shook his head as he remembered those little fingers that closed around his index finger when Steve had first held Tony after he was born before the fated accident.
“And what was the first thing you did after that?”
“Tony let’s fix your leg and then we can head down to the beach for a while" he said and Tony nodded against his chest .
“So what do we know ?” he asked
“Don’t apologize for this okay?”
“Second of all, can we have this conversation after school? I’ll tell stane I have to do homework with rhodey and pepper so I can stay late.”
Tony winced as he sat down and Steve bought his knees up so he could rest his back against his thighs. Steve pulled the covers up over his shoulders, covering all the tempting patches of skin. Tony was still looking at him with this amazed look and Steve wanted to just accept it and well maybe go for round two.
“I have had worse” he said grumbled and that made Steve want to hold on to him not let him go . But he knew it was important to let Tony make the decisions. Steve was going to help him, but Tony had to be willing to accept it or things could go very wrong.
Steve hadn’t realized that Bucky could remember what he had done even if he was not in his right mind. But again Steve couldn’t say anything ,shame and guilt of not protecting Tony even after he had called out for him was taking over again.
Steve wasted no time in intervening and sinking to his knees in front of tony.
“what?why do you ask?” he asked confused
Wait, hold your horses. medical? NO.
“Sorry Bruce! Here , let me help” he said as Bruce gave him an amused look
“Its not been a very good birthday" he said softly and Steve pulled his face into his chest holding him close and rubbing his back.
“you said you are feeling unwell and you thing this is the fix?” steve asked him because obviously he had been lying about it and Tony looked away his face turning more red by the minute.
Tony shifted a little his legs trying to tangle in the sheets , but the catheter prevented it and Steve carefully straightened his legs out as much as possible and he settled again with a contended sigh that barely escaped his lips.
“How am I supposed to go home like this?” he asked turning to steve and pointing to his pantless legs and steve smiled at him and patted the bed next to him
“you look tired" he said and well he was , he couldn’t even deny it.
“Okay" he shuddered a little as Steve trailed his hand down his neck , his back and finally settled just at the bottom of his spine.
"You can do it yourself , think you can do that? I'll take you back to my place and we can work it out"
Tickle in my throat? Wait,that's what woke me up?
“I hope you are prepared for stane" he said
He stopped by the vending machines and got one of those chocolate bars that Tony always makes him buy when they go out and as he approached the room he could hear quite murmurs and he was surprised to find that he recognized one of the voices and this voice shouldn’t be here.
It worked flawlessly, expect that I didn't take into account what the reactor would do to me when it had reached a point beyond it energy capacity. So when I fell on to my knees from the jerky electric shocks going through me , an almost naked bruce ran up to me
“Good, now look at me” he said and Tony looked up ,Steve turned him around to face him completely ,he was edgy and pliant at the same time and Steve's mind was spiralling at the possibitlies but he shook his head to clear it and smiled at Tony who looked more ashamed than happy.
she said pulling Steve closer as she gave him a lingering kiss before whispering
“maybe we can ask bruce if you can take a quick bath today huh?” he said as he ran his hands through his hair to tame it a little.
"Yeah, my boys took care of it" she said softly and Steve nodded returning the smile.
“So? You did it today anyways” he said frowning already reaching for Steve’s shirt but only to be pushed away
Jarvis, as if reading my thoughts said quietly "it's half past 3 pm sir. You have slept for over 14 hours. Captain Rogers went for his morning jog 4 hours ago and joined you in bed again about one hour ago"
“Tony"
“No!” he screamed as Tony felt hands gripping him under the gown and tried to get away from her but Steve held him in place quickly moving to sit behind him holding his arms firmly folded across his chest as he spoke into his ear
“you were hurt , I saw the blood. How are you alive?” Tony said his voice raspy from the oxygen
Steve found sleep came easily , he also found that with sleep came nightmares. He couldn’t shake the anxiety off and yet his body succumbed to much needed rest. Atleast it didn’t last long as he was soon being woken by Bruce and Steve sat up ram rod straight in the bed that was put next to Tony’s.
“I didn’t ask you to help me! I have had enough of people trying to protect me! “ tony screamed back at him picking up his bag from the floor and swinging it on his shoulders
“There’s nothing anyone can do about it” Steve frowned at him worried
Steve pulled away, and Tony whined trying to follow his lips . He chuckled and pulled Tony back down against his chest as he ran his hand up and down Tony’s back. Tony was blushing furiously and it was so damn adorable ,in spite of what Steve had learned today he couldn’t help but smile because here he was on his couch with a shirtless Tony lying on top of him.
He pursed his lips to keep from smiling at his lover and reached for his own bowl.
Steve found Tony and Clint sitting on the communal room couch or rather slumped over it holding the controls to their video games. Tony didn’t even notice steve coming in , but clint sat up a little straighter giving him the slightest of nods.
“I am so sorry! I really am , here let me help you” Steve said putting the wrap aside and helped Bruce pick up his papers.
“about thirty minutes, here give him to me , you need to get warm.” She said stepping into the shower and crouching down reaching for Tony. Steve clutched at him tighter for a second his mind telling him that he needed to protect Tony from the cold and the immense pressure of being underwater.
”I don’t have anywhere else to go” if that didn’t hurt his heart, Steve didn’t know what else will.
“tony ,hey do you want me to take you home?” He asked
“No sir,  we don't know.  All she said was she wanted to talk to you" he nodded taking the phone from him and looking through the call history.  The were about 7 calls from Tony but that was it.  And just as Steve was about to ask the agent again if he was sure it was a girl on the line,  the phone buzzed again Tony’s name flashing on the screen. He picked it up concerned “were you able to find him?” he heard from the line , that was definitely peppers voice.
“the tower” he said as he started walking to the door just as clint and thor entered holding bags of food. Tony took a step back at the sudden intrusion , his breathing was getting more laboured as he started showing signs of a panic attack. A silent look from steve to natasha had all three ,clint thor and tasha leaving the room giving steve space to deal with the situation.
”is Natasha really your girlfriend?” Steve froze With his hand on the doorknob. He wasn’t sure what to say, he could just lie and say yes so tony wouldn’t get his hopes up again. But he had just been through so much , physically and emotionally ,Steve didn’t want to lie to him.
“I love you” he whispered against his lips and felt the shudder that coursed through Tony’s body which only made him hold on tighter.
Steve rubbed his back gently for a few seconds and pulled away “come on  ,let’s get this over with yeah?” he said tugging gently at the hem of Tony’s shirt to get it over his head.
He was handed the file Clint was reading , a finger pointing at a particular page. The format looked oddly familiar and as Steve read it, he realized it was Howard’s will.
“Did you speak to Bruce about it?”
Steve laughed “well, I wouldn’t say completely gone jus-"
“Okay,  that’s fine" he said pulling them both quickly under the shower instead of easing in so that the sudden shock of cold would hit their bodies.  Tony bucked at the feeling clinging tighter to Steve as he whimpered and Steve pulled them both down so Tony was cradled on Steve lap and Steve was sitting against the shower wall ,the water falling over and around them.
Just as he left he heard Tony say “nothing happened, I didn’t let anything happen” and Steve didn’t hear Natasha’s reply as he left.
"Yes sir, she is insisting that she speak with you immediately." The agent said handing Steve his phone and sure as hell there were seven missed calls but they were all from Tony.
“I know I am always talking about doing lewd things but Steve I don’t-" he started saying not able to take his eyes off the bottle of lube.
Tony’s face fell just a bit and Steve was a little jealous that Tony seemed to like him more as an avenger than he did Steve or well captain America.
“Holy shit, that makes sense. I think stane is planning to make Tony go down for the blame when he gets caught” he exclaimed
Tony's breathing was slowing down as the medicines took effect . There was soft knock on the door and Tony’s eyes shot open again and Steve groaned inwardly as he held on to Tony more firmly “just natasha” Tony said to himself and sighed his voice had dropped a pitch as he battled his eyes to stay awake.
Steve’s head snapped up fingers tightening enough to bruise Tony’s arms
“honey look at me” he said letting him turn carefully
"What's going on?" He asked while tony seemed to only get more nervous now that Steve was here. Clint looked up at Steve and the tension in his eyes alerted steve to pay more attention.
“Okay, thank you” he said politely and thor understood that Steve was asking for a little privacy. He left quickly after one look at himself in the mirror.
“we lost him, an and he shot out communication systems.” They all nodded And Steve could see the doubt and uncertainty in all their faces. But he knew that they would back him up if needed.
So it was a shock when he did see Tony again the next day in his class. He didn’t look like himself at all. He looked exhausted, his eyes cast down. He didn’t look up when Steve started his lecture.
“Me too, I didn’t mean to push you away" he said as Steve stripped him off his shirt and Tony lifted his arms obediently.
He wasn’t wearing a shirt, but Steve could see the material of his pajama pants peeking out from the sheets. One look at the adjacent table told Steve the story behind the lack of shirt. It lay there on the table , dried stains of what looked like oatmeal. Either tony had spilt it over himself or he had thrown up on it. He really hoped it was the latter.
He felt someone moving behind him and he knew they were going to get him something for the pain.
“uhm you can help me study too if you want” he said quickly and Steve was a little stunned but he pursed his lips and put the car in drive turning towards Tony’s house.
“What are his injuries?” Steve asked the two doctors standing beside them
“Steve" he turned , still feeling sluggish, to look at the redhead ,as if the world was turning in slow motion “phil has a room set up for you with some warm blankets by the medical bay.”
“I need an answer , tony" steve said calmer than before as he watched iron man fly higher and then hover midway in the sky overlooking the battle scene on the ground.
“scared” he whimpered testing Steve grip again and Steve held on more firmly
“but we will talk about that later, right now what we know is that the agent who was monitoring your place said that there weren’t any deliveries made and the only person in and out of the house were you stane and rumlow.”
Tony was getting better a lot faster than expected. He was fussy about his medications and the constant cleaning of the reactor casing irritated him but he always calmed down if Steve was near him. He was clingy just as Steve had expected but it wasn’t as bad as he had thought.
“Steeeve please I cant anymore” he huffed as he caught up and Steve steadied him as he bent over hands on his knees trying to take deep breaths.
Steve was still fuming and no matter how many times Bruce tried to get him to sit down shove the water bottle tony had just drank from earlier at him he couldn’t keep still , he found himself needing to smash something. He had trained so hard to keep his strength under reigns but at this moment it felt like he was going to lose it all.
“I think he is. Bruce?” steve asked waiting for the next move. Bruce quickly got up from his chair and felt Tony's forehead cursing softly at the heat.
It took some time for Steve to confirm why Tony behaved that way. He never seeks any physical attention and neither does he initiate it unless prompted to.
The moment steve turned to leave, a hand fisted in his shirt keeping Steve from walking away.
“is he asleep?” clint asked quietly as steve nudged tony a little to check and smiled when tony only tucked himself tighter into him.
“Yeah” he sighed “feels good"
“sorry, what?” Steve asked confused
Once inside , Steve led Tony by his elbow over to the couch and gently pushed him into it. Tony went willingly, the one good thing about Steve’s furniture were that they were all slightly larger and bigger to fit Steve’s physique. So the couch was big enough to engulf both Steve and allow Tony to lay down comfortably.
“There is something else you are not telling me" she said looking at him and Steve hated she knew him so well , but it also kept his min in peace knowing he didn’t have to try so hard.
he shook his head “what’s wrong?” Steve knew something else was bothering him
“Where is the child?” thor asked and Steve was about to point to space on the bed next to him when he realized that Tony was not there. Panic gripped him like a vice and it took another shake from Clint to snap out of it.
“obie isn’t home, can you stay?” he asked like he didn’t expect steve to agree but Steve actually didn’t have anything important to do
“Is he okay with this?” he asked and Bruce smiled , a really tentative small smile
“It was not obies fault, he didn’t do anything” Steve blinked at the new information, but just because stane was not the one who did this , it didn’t mean someone wasn’t abusing him. And Steve was yet to see the damage.
“The last time I saw this look on your face was when you found out he was being abused” she recounted reaching over to tuck a stray hair behind Tony’s ear.
Tony sighed as he rested his head against Steve’s chest and Steve brushed his fingers through his hair.
“Hey Rogers , here to show off them abs?” he asked smirking.
Tony didn’t fight them further as they wrapped his wrist in crepe and applied salve over the minor burns littered over his skin , the whole time he was sat beside Steve refusing to take his eyes off the man.
"what?"I said suddenly self conscious.
If Stane was really going to be seeing Tony tomorrow then he had a lot of work to do, especially work on how to keep himself calm.
“Yup, I am glad. I really have been slacking off , need to catch up.” He said waving at the book in front of him.
“Okay, but I need you to promise me that you will call me if you need me or if anything happens. Can you do that?” he asked moving a hand to wrap around the back of Tony’s neck as he felt the teen nod against his chest.
“captain America huh? Frankly I am disappointed in myself for not figuring it out sooner, the signs were all there“ Steve smirked , settling down on the chair next to the bed, happy that tony seemed more coherent and less vulnerable.
“Hi again honey" he said wanting to wipe the frown off his favourite person’s face more than anything.
Looking outside the large windows and the amount of light that was coming in , steve knew it was already past sunrise  and one glance at the clock confirmed that it was indeed eight am.
“Okay, nothing to see here. You guys need to give her some space , she will be alright" he said clearing the crowd around them.
He had been dreaming Steve realized as Tony reached out to him like he wasn’t sure.
“Why didn’t you refuse?”
“How bad is it?” Tony asked bending a little to get a look at it but it was covered in pants and they couldn’t see anything other than the bruising
When steve tried to tightened his hold on the teen, Tony refused to let him instead he turned his gaze down to his now free hands that were dancing around nervously around each other.
“Tony, I am not going to do this until you look at me” he said trying to keep his voice straight.
“Tony was having a panic attack and it took us almost a half hour to calm him down.”
“You know exactly what I mean, I get that you want to protect him and do right by him but Steve it seems to me like he still doesn’t believe that you are indeed fine and here with him"
“I do believe you" tony turned his head around surprised and Steve kissed him softly and it was sweet and Tony was being calm and pliant and Steve wanted the moment to last forever.
“I am sorry, I know the timing of everything is bad but we will figure it out” he said and when Tony desperately clung to him it pulled at Steve’s heart strings.
“such a dirty mind , Mr. Rogers" he said his hands gripping at Steve’s shoulders as the needle pierced the skin.
Natasha dropped his shoes in front of him ,just as he was about to ask where they went. “thanks" he said quickly pulling them on.
“what do you want to know?” He asked crossing his arms on his lap
"Is everything alright with the man of iron?" Thor who had been watching the scene unfold silently so far finally spoke up. Steve looked up at everyone's face for the first
Steve wrapped up the class early, sent the students to their next with no homework.
Tony was asleep before his head hit the pillow and Steve followed very soon after forcing himself not to think about the consequences of what he had done to this boy that steve knew he had no hope of ever letting go after this even if that's what Tony wanted.
“Early tomorrow” he nodded
Steve’s jaw dropped the moment tony let the shirt fall to his sides. His entire left side was one huge bruise, it was a mess of blue and black with yellowing edges. Steve was angry, but he didn’t know who to direct the anger at, did someone do this to tony? Or did he do something to deserve it,it would explain why he didn’t want anyone to know , Steve didn’t know.
Steve shook his head , “no, sorry . Just distracted. Do you have any free periods coming up? We can work on in then” he said just loud enough for Tony,  who was sitting atleast three tables away, to hear. Maybe atleast that would get his attention or get him some attention from his baby.
Steve flagged down a cab in front of his apartment ,and let Tony go tipping the cabbie ahead so he was sure that Tony would indeed get home safe . He was aware he was being overly protective and that Tony was not at all incapable of getting home in a cab. But considering that Tony  was almost dead on his feet from exhaustion he didn’t want to take any chances. He gave Tony a quick peck on the cheek before closing the door after him and waved the cab off.
“okay, take care” Bruce said and Steve smiled at him gratefully before heading over to inform the principal that he won’t be in for a day or two after, Perks of working for shield.
" friend tony, do you have a spare reactor on you right now?" I nodded my head no, unable to speak since I was gritting my teeth so hard from the pain that's was shuddering through me in waves.
“this is the problem, you think you have the maturity to handle something like this and in reality you are just a kid. I honestly don’t know what I was expecting” he threw his arms up in irritation
Steve finally took pity on him and opened his arms and Tony gave him a ‘are you crazy' look and Steve smiled picking him up anyway like toddler and Tony held on tightly legs wrapping around his torso afraid he will fall.
“Stane?” She asked as tony pulled the blanket up over himself again and unconsciously tucked himself into Steve’s side prompting him to wrap an arm around him securely.
“I am never doing this with you again" he told him as they finally reached the tower in comfortable silence , well as silent as it could be with Tony breathing hard and fast.
Within a minute all three of us had our blood flowing into the bags settled by our beds. It was a surprise however that mine got filled well before either Clint or tasha's bag could get filled even halfway. They were both undoubtedly upset, clint sulking like a ten year old. The nurse cleaned up my arm after pulling out the needle and taped a small iron man Band-Aid on it . I smirked lifting my arm up to show it to tony, but he had his chin resting on his hands looking down.
Steve was shocked to say none the least, a lot of people usually just assume that Steve does not feel the pain ,truthfully he does feel the pain but since his gig as Captain America he has been in enough fights that his pain threshold has increased to quiet a bit.
“Go get dressed , we have to go to shield. There should be some of your clothes on the bottom shelf" he said sitting back against the headboard and watched as Tony found them and put them on. He left the dog tags on, under the shirt and Steve had never been more pleased.
“tony, look! you are gonna love this!” I said hoping off the Bed heading towards him. He looked up ,saw the Band-Aid and his face lit up as he grinned ear to ear. “I want black widow!” he quipped to the nurse as she waved him over to the bed I had just vacated.
“Did you tell him?” steve nodded and Bucky waited expectantly but when Steve didn’t say anything  he asked “is he okay with you being here?”
He woke to a scream, a shrill blood curdling scream and his flight or fight response kicked in so fast he was on his feet hands in battle stance before he had even blinked once.
He rolled his eyes at the sudden silence and shock that resonated the room "show's over. Get to your classes" he said and within a few seconds he was left alone staring at the detention slips in his hands.
"A little healthy now and then won't hurt you tony "he admonished as he guided me to an empty chair at the table and put a plate of what looked like blueberry muffins and quinoa? ew.
Steve shot up from his chair and natasha grabbed him before he could hurt himself
His eyes couldn’t seem to leave the spot behind which Tony had disappeared from the room.
We waited a whole minute before asking him again if he was okay. He rubbed his palm over his faces as if to rub the weariness out of his face. In the few minutes it took for Tony to regain consciousness the nurse had already removed the needle and placed a band aid . His bag was only half full ,but she sealed it up anyway.
"tony?" I asked him as quietly as possible
“is that mine?” he said folding his arms across his chest and Tony glared at him.
It didn't help that I was in a crappy mood all day, I was frustrated because I didn't know how to handle the situation with Tony. He has zero self worth and that was the problem. His burns from the battle are extensive, they needed attention. And Jarvis had said to check his blood counts again which only worried me even more. I don't even know if I am mad at Tony or at myself for not being there when it happened. But I know I am currently exhausted from being mad. Tony needs me right now and here I was sulking all day. Deciding to go make it up to him, I headed down to the lab knowing that Tony had intended to work on his armour all day. I stopped at the glass walls, watching Tony from behind wearing the boots of his Armour. He was moving rigidly like he was too sore to be moving at all. He stopped abruptly looking up and directly at me, smiled and waving for me to come in, immediately masking the pain. Jarvis must have told him I was waiting at the door.
He recognized the girl quickly, calling out her name trying to see if he could rouse her
Tony looked at him before taking it and opened it to reveal two dog tags with etchings on them. Steve took it from his fingers and put them around his neck, the two metals clinking against each other
He hadn’t even realized how fast time was flying since he was back, realized it was because he finally had some time to relax and do things at his pace.
“I am okay though, the armor took a hit , a minor leak in the chest plate. Jarvis is working on the fix right now.” He said after steve gave him a knowing look that he was expecting an actual answer. He reached up placing the back of his hand on Tony’s forehead before brushing it against his cheek feeling for a fever. His face was still pale and slightly flushed but his temperature felt normal . Tony sighed leaning into the contact closing his eyes before catching Steve’s hand on his cheek and holding it there.
“He’s the only family I have left" he said quietly and Steve pulled him in for a hug as Tony’s breathing hitched and Steve knew he was trying not to cry.
“Tony, does obadiah know?” and Tony was silent again his fingers drawing patterns on Steve’s arm.
“here look,” steve said picking up the clear tube and showing it to him. Tony refused to see and Steve sighed as he leaned forward and kissed his cheek.
“No I am sorry Steve I will sleep as soon as you leave. Please tell me when i can see you again" atleast one good thing came out of his anger and Tony was actually planning to take care of himself even if it was only to please Steve.
“ You look ready to pass out. I should have just taken you to medical" Steve scoffed and Tony frowned.
He nodded , wanting to desperately ask about the injury but he knew Fury was the one who owed him all the answers , not Bruce.
Tony’s head snapped up as he heard Steve’s shoes schuff on the floor and he immediately straightened out letting his arm fall onto the bench and grinned at Steve.
“mm?” steve was busy kissing every inch of Tony to bother with an actual word
”what about the girl?” He didn’t have to explain to Clint,
Natasha finally put her phone down, walking past me and sat down on my other side placing a glass of orange juice in front of me.
“Sweetheart,” Steve tried but he really didn’t know what to say. The surgeon fumbled with the equipment and then turned to Bruce. Steve watched the silent exchange as Bruce pulled out another syringe.
They met in a café nearby to the school and Steve was glad they had actually met them , steve didn’t stay because he wanted tony to go back to his normal life as soon as possible and he didn’t want to be shadowing him everywhere.
Well, look at that! Guess Bruce fixed whatever his problem was because all of a sudden Tony was the center of attention of the party and seemingly enjoying every moment of it.
"What's wrong?"
“look at me.” Tony didn’t “come on , hey" Steve going on his knees in front of Tony so they would be face to face
“You may have mentioned the fun activity we did on the night of your birthday” tony married to spin around while Steve held him still not allowing him to twist his abdomen and hurt himself.
The poor thing had been bound to his bed, he was weak still but he was also going stir crazy and there was only so much entertainment a atarkpad could give him.
“Do you know who I am?” watching her frown Steve worried more about the possible head injury
“is it the pain? Do you want me to give you a mild sedative?”
Tony blushed a scarlett red before he pushed away from Steve
“will you tell me his name?” he asked
They had told him about how one of the goons had caught Tony and he had headbutted the man in his chin to get away. Probably where he got his gash from. Natasha had also hinted that he may be a little worse for wear and that Steve should probably get him to medical at some point.
“Go to sleep tony”
“Uhm, hold on” Tony said wiggling a little bit in Steve’s arms and Steve readjusted his grip on tony so he wouldn’t fall, he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a key card holding it up.
“you aren’t doing so well tony, it won’t help if you run yourself down like this bud” tony slapped his hand away
Tony was pouting full force, Steve could feel it even if he didn’t see it. He groaned inwardly as he succumbed.
“Look at me Tony” his eyes slowly rose to meet his and Steve could tell he had finally gotten through to him but there was more he needed to say.
"you want to head up to shield?" nat asked reading my mind. I nodded my head no because I knew if we went there would only be more questions and that would mean it will take longer.
“Maybe stane taking him back is the best for all of us.” Steve murmured and Clint patted him on the back .
And Steve sighed in relief and went around the desks to just shut the door just incase Tony didn’t feel comfortable. He walked back as Tony quickly unbuttoned his shirt and let it hang from his shoulders.
“If you want to break up with me, you can just tell me. It’s okay, I can take it .” he said
“get some sleep please. It’s a school night, you have my class first thing in the morning and don’t think I won’t send you to detention for sleeping through my class” not that tony was coming to school tomorrow, he was injured and needed to recover for at least a few days. Because of Steve. He didn’t even want to think about what stane would have to say about all this.
“Is it now?” he asked amused and Tony’s nostrils flared as he explained and Steve couldn’t help but fall in love just a little bit more at his expression .
"Its not about the budget captain, this guy can sniff you with just paper trails. If we blow the budget on this one he is likely to see it coming" Fury explained but Steve was annoyed, he needed room to work not be constrained by these limits.
“you gave me quiet a scare" he said trying to smooth out his bed hair.
“I come bearing gifts!” he said trying to look more enthusiastic but it was obviously failing. He handed one out to each of them before grabbing one for himself and steve scooted over and patted the extra space on the bed for tony to join him. Steve was sat propped up on pillows and Tony carefully wedged himself between Steve’s non broken arm and sat drinking his smoothie.  Twenty minutes into a lighthearted conversation among the team tony started sagging into steve his head tipping onto his shoulder. Just as natasha had said. His body slowly giving in to the exhaustion. Nobody mentioned it as steve carefully took the smoothie from tony and placed it on the adjacent table and rearranged both of them so that tony’s head was now laying on his chest his hand brushing through his scalp easing him into a more relaxed state. His breathing was harsh now , sounded like every breath he was taking must hurt. His skin burning to touch,His fever had definitely spiked. He gave a suppressed cough his hand covering his mouth trying to hide it.
Natasha and Steve were at a subway station on an undercover mission to track down a mad scientist who threatened to blow the place up if the government did not fund for his crazy experiments. Normally this wasn’t the kind of things shield bothered with but the scientist was talking about contacting aliens from a third world and just like that it had become shields problem to deal with.
“Tony has this fear” he started and natasha raised an eyebrow leaning her back against the sink
steve did as told, but also understood the motive over it . He did it deliberately slowly knowing tony was watching and just as he put his arms through he heard a whimper and a distinct “ow” . He smiled to himself pulling the shirt over completely.
“So he is not after the company?”
He kissed the top of Tony’s head ran a hand against Tony’s back up and own. Tony slowly turned revealing his face again , Steve’s breath hitched as he saw the tears trickling down his cheeks.
“And the best way to avoid it is by sitting in the hallway?” He asked as he subtly looked at the kid head to toe, trying to figure out where he was hurt other than his ribs which was obvious from his posture.
“Kay!” it didn’t sit right with Steve that Tony was even the least bit upset with Steve. Or tony was getting very good at hiding it. He put the cups and spoon down on the movable tray and pushed it over Tony’s bed as he heard the flush.
“Eyes on me” he ordered and Tony looked up at him , a hint of the panic glimmering in his eyes.
”you are captain America” the room froze, the doctors , Steve and even tony . When Steve only nodded after what seemed like several minutes , the lady doctor ,Dr. Brandon his brain supplied to him helpfully, moved closer placing a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“I didn’t tell him anything,  I swear! You have to believe me-" he said with a shaky voice but Steve cut him off quickly before he could work himself up
He looked awful.
Steve stood for a moment , just looking at Tony’s face , his lips were slightly parted and Steve had put pillows on both his sides because he had a habit of tossing and turning in his sleep. He looked so small in the giant bed without Steve in it,. He leaned down and gave him a quick kiss on the lips and made his way to the shower.
He was just content laying where he was.
He had to take a breath,  close his eyes to clear his head before capturing Tony’s wandering hands and pinning them to the bed above his head. Steve opened  his eyes to look directly into Tony’s, immediately noting the fear in them
"Why is there a super spy on my bed?"I asked though I snuggled into her hand a little more because that felt good.
Tony let out a whine like he hadn’t meant for this to happen trying to close his legs to cover himself up , he wouldn’t even open his eyes as Steve manhandled him.
“Yes Ms.Smith?
“that’s not how this works tony, you know that” Steve was surprised at the last argument, he had expected more snippy smart retorts but he wasn’t prepared for this kind of pleading,
Steve placed his hands on either side of Tony’s face and pulled him in for a kiss, it was gentle and nothing more than a brush of lips against lips and Tony froze his eyes going wide
Steve scooted back onto the couch and pulled Tony with him ,so Tony was lying on top of him with one of Steve’s arms wrapped around his back and the other in Tony’s hair.
“I will manage just fine , thank you” Steve smiled wearily walking away shaking his head. Steve was not going to be able to manage anything, he knew that. He could handle stane , but tony? He didn’t think so.
“Because there is nothing -"
“No honey, I am just glad you are awake.”  Tony didn’t look like he believed him but he was too tired to care .
“are you breathing for me?” he asked And Tony managed to nod
“all I know is that he is asking for you and is refusing to let the med team help” she said, wiping her sweaty palms on her skirt. Steve wasted no time in giving thanks and walked around her to get to medical. It was two floor below them, taking the elevator he ran into Clint and nat “hey, slow down” nat said as he skidded to a stop inside the elevator.
"how are you feeling Tony? Steve said you were exhausted last night" my turn to blush. Bruce was still looking at me intently waiting for a reply.
“Its not just because I am worried, it’s because it’s not right. I know you understand that. So why don’t you tell me why you don’t want to fight this?” he felt Tony shudder slightly and he rubbed his palms on his shoulders trying to relax him
I watched them talk for a while .Suddenly Tony got up and walked towards the center of the dance floor.
“Tell me again, how was Stane was involved with your mission?” bruce asked as they drank their coffee that natasha ordered for them all. Steve didn’t know he had been hungry until he had smelt the food and he drank his first cup in under ten seconds.
“Its okay, it’s just you and me" he said pulling the boxers down as well.
Reaching for the lube from the table he uncapped it slicking up his fingers and palm as Tony held on tighter.
“do you mean Anthoy Edward stark?” thor asked
“it’s beautiful” steve said breathlessly as he carefully touched it , just a light graze of fingers across the seemingly never ending blue.
“Yes , Anthony Edward Stark" there was a beat of silence and his demeanor changed and he looked terrible like he was reliving some vivid memory. Steve reached out to lay hand on his shoulder but before he could the wooden arm of the chair cracked under Buckys grip splintering and Steve immediately backed away giving him space.
“Yeah, see you then"
“I really did.” Tony smiled some more “thor told me you threw up last night, are you alright?”
“Haha, very funny.”
Steve took deep breaths as he forced himself to accept the explanation.
“You and natasha are on a nickname basis now?”  he  asked as he motioned for Tony to come over to him. Tony grinned at him and all but jumped into Steve’s arms literally snuggling his way up Steve’s chest so he could press his forehead into Steve’s neck.  Steve pulled the blanket up and over to cover to both of them relishing the heat emanating from Tony’s skin.
“What I meant thor, is that Steve is missing his loved one. Who is well little" she said shrugging and pursed her lips.
“where is your school bag?” he asked instead and Natasha’s eyes widened as he saw the realization hit her face too.
“You look comfortable “ Steve commented as he went to get them some water and Tony made grabby hands at him when he came back. Steve knew the upcoming talk was inevitable whether Tony wanted to have it or not.
He pulled him closer willing his dick to stop reacting to Tony’s words pulled the covers up over both of them settling Tony against his chest. It was a tight fit on the couch but it was comfy.
“How can I lie to him?” He asked softly and Natasha sauuzed his hand again
Steve could hear natasha explaining exactly why Tony was reacting this way and the random bouts of thunder outside the window.
“Take care of yourself Steve”
“Which should be you" he pointed out but not too rudely
“can you please make sure he gets home safe?” he asked mind finally calm enough to think with at least an ounce of rationality.
“Give me one good reason not to" Steve said
"I will, thank you, Nat"
By the time the last period came Steve was calmer and his irritation was slowly fading. Walking past the hallway to his room he caught a glimpse of messy brunette hair lurking around his room. Steve smiled as he stood and watched Tony for a minute as he paced back and forth in front of Steve’s room , his occasionally reaching for the handle but he would pull back like he was second guessing himself .
His boxers were covering the wound already soaked through with blood but Steve highly doubted he would be willing to take them off anytime soon.
He startled  a little when he heard a soft knock on the door , a mop of dark brown unruly hair sticking through, Tony gave him a small unsure smile as he waited for Steve to give him the okay to come in.
“Bio then physics” he said hopping off the desk swinging his bag over his shoulder, all traces of injury gone.
He sighed as he headed out behind her, finding Bucky and Bruce deep in conversation about mind control . when they both entered and took their seats again , bruce looked up at him and he gave him a short nod.
damn am I getting that old? I quickly brushed my teeth and had a hot shower which only made me feel more uncomfortable and headed down to the common room ,maybe some fresh coffee can help.
“Yes, but I promise steve , we will make sure to have the best surgical team” bruce said
“Tony , did you just come?” he asked amused and beyond turned on but Tony apparently didn’t feel the same as he tried to push Steve away , hiding his face
“math class" he shrugged and steve nodded.
When Steve avoided her gaze she reached over and laid a palm on his forearm and waiting until he looked up.
He used his other hand to continue running through his hair while telling him that he was going to be okay
“I want to see!” he interrupted and Steve shook his head again in amusement. How did Tony go from being so vulnerable to this normal teenager again so fast.
But Tony balked , pushing at his arms “you want to keep your clothes on?” Tony nodded avoiding his eyes again “that’s fine, come here" steve didn’t give tony any warning before pushing him under the jet of cold water before following him .
"Sometimes it's my fault but sometimes they are just drunk"
Howard was stubborn and ignorant of his own health and Steve and maria had learnt how to keep him afloat without him knowing.
“She means, that Tony has only ever had one father figure in his life and that has not been a good relationship. He took to tasha so quickly because he doesn’t expect her to betray him in anyway because he doesn’t know what to expect from women. But when he sees you, he sees someone older than him, and he trusts you . If you give him a reason not to, then he will learn to never trust anyone again.”  Steve gaped up at Clint as he walked in his shirt wrinkled and his hair ruffled every way.
“No please”  he said , and Steve knew he was going to cry but Steve was being reminded all over about how he had made him cry that night.
Steve meanwhile picked up Tony’s half eaten bowl and put it back in his hands. He neatly tucked a blanket around the both of them as he felt the heat from the younger mans body get higher.
Tony was also looking at him, eyes concerned and wide and Steve smiled down at him trying to hide the tremble in his voice
"was anyone on the team hurt? Anyone needing medical?" as captain I was always worried about the team. The post battle round up was always the worst.
It didn’t take long, steve was eager to meet the surgeon and wanted in on the details. He knew he had a lot to catch up on.
“I…didn’t …I..” he stuttered and Steve cut him off “pepper is good for you” and Tony’s look of betrayal will probably give Steve nightmares that night but he knew he had to do it.
Steve made them some sandwiches as Tony bought what seemed to be the entire bedding from his room, pillows and comforters and all, reclining the couch he buried himself underneath it all only his toes and head peeking out as he searched the TV lazily finding something that might appeal to both of them.  Steve came back carrying a tray of multiple things and sat it down on the corner table.
“Noo I like it here. He’s so big! Have you seen how big he is? Look!” he said turning his face into Steve’s chest
“is this some new kink you are discovering?” steve asked him light heartedly but he didn’t expect tony to nod against him and mumble a “maybe"
“This better be important because I am missing something very important.” He stated gruffly as Steve walked them both into his class room gently shutting the door behind him. He didn’t bother locking the door as he knew no one will be coming at this time as everyone was in the auditorium.
He could feel the sudden desperation in his movements as Tony continued to frantically grasp at Steve’s pants his breaths turning into pants.
“I should be asking you that" he retorted but Tony glared at him and Steve figured Tony was not upto any more questions at the moment
“Why are you up tony?” he asked trying again and then Tony sighed like some sad tragedy had just taken place, dramatic as ever
Steve’s heart broke as he raised one arm at Steve again and Steve looked helplessly at Bruce .
“ The secret didn’t last long, Tony was transferred to my school.”
“He wants me to pick him up" he got a few odd stares from the nurses but none from Bruce or natasha.
“You ate just a while back, and you know you cannot eat anything” he told him but he reached for the water and handed it to Tony who just pouted but took it anyway.
”obie said my parents were murdered and that’s why I have to be protected” Steve froze , watching as tony carefully lifted his head to look at him
Another hour and pepper looked like she was about to cry.
“that’s great to hear, so let’s get started then. I’ll try to be as quick as possible and since you are feeling perfect ,I doubt this is going to take any time at all"
Oh! Great at least now he knew what this was about.
Steve sighed pulling his lover closer and holding him tight knowing once tony was awake he won't be too happy with him .
“I was hungry, and then when I came to find something to eat and then I saw this poor thing struggling and I had to help you know ?”
“No! Steve no please" he whimpered but Steve didn’t stop until it was inside , he wouldn’t have been able to manage if he didn’t have the strength he did to immobilize Tony even with him trashing around
now Tony looked amused but he still turned to Steve who gave him a confirmatory nod , and he finally nodded to natasha as he lifted an arm for her to inject
“Steve, he has to understand that we cannot help him if he doesn’t come to us. We cannot keep cajoling him into telling us every time something happens.” Tony flinched ever so slightly and Steve glared at natasha for bringing this up again.
“how about after school today? You can give us a ride home?” he asked eager and Steve was feeling hesitant,  afraid that Tony had trusted in him too much and had not yet fully comprehended the situation yesterday.
“What’s wrong sweetheart ?” he asked softly trying not to urge him and Steve knew that one word always had a full effect on him.
"How long?" He asked once they were alone and Tony finally looked up at him with pleading eyes. What he was pleading for, steve didnt know.
Tony looked up at Steve, their eyes locking as Tony gave a wavering smile “I will see you tomorrow in school then?” Steve shook his head no and Tony looked taken aback, his breaths turning into soft gasps
“I am a teacher, I am YOUR teacher" tony grumbled something unintelligible and went back to eating his food
“That’s good?” Steve asked carefully , he wanted to ask how his five days were. If everything was alright but somehow he didn’t feel like he had the right to anymore.
“Because you stormed out while he was finally opening up, he thinks you are mad because he didn’t tell you earlier” well he was mad, he was extremely mad. But not at tony.
He heard the key in the lock on his front door and was immediately on his feet to intercept Bucky this time , but he remembered Bucky was still in the shower. He didn’t know if he should be worried about that, it had already been forty minutes since he first went in.
“Hey, he’s going to be okay. You just wait and see before you know it his smart mouth is going to be running through the school hallways again" steve told her and while she appreciated Steve’s effort it only made her cry harder and natasha glared at him before going to comfort her.
“Uhm, obie is going to be in Florida for the week" he said pursing his lips
“Hey" steve said pulling away and Tony’s eyes were glazed over and Steve had to look away for a second before he could look into them again
“Its deeper than I originally thought, he needs stitches" Clint said and before Tony could react , Steve said “no sutures” and Clint gave him an unimpressed look but rummaged through the bag again pulling out a tube of something along with steri strips that Steve had used yesterday.
“Tony”
“we are working on something in the lab anyway. He should be okay" Bruce said before  taking a sip of his coffee.
“Good night sweetheart" he whispered kissing him on the head and Tony sighed tucking his fingers grasping tightly at Steve’s flesh at his hip. But Steve wasn’t complaining as he felt his eyes close to the quiet breathing of Tony’s.
“I have a really good metabolism I guess” he said with as much confidence he could muster and tony just stared at him through narrow eyes for two whole seconds before muttering a “huh” and looking away.
“I found tony having a panic attack at the back compound of the building while I was looking for some samples to show the kids under a microscope. His friends were there, the girl told me that this happened yesterday at the museum and you were able to calm him down a lot faster” Steve nodded as he felt his heart clench at the thought of tony on his knees in the mud.
It calmed Steve more than anything, having his arms around the teen made him feel he was protected.
“I am not here for this bullshit” he deadpanned and he could feel fury’s eyes burning a hole through him while did the same to Natasha. Fury may not be used to him cursing but nat and Clint were not surprised or impressed.
Tony groaned again and shook his head holding a hand out, letting Steve know that he didn’t want him in his personal space.
“He ain’t looking too good today so he’s not playing. He’s all yours” Steve nodded in thanks , promising him to drop by soon for a game.
“Okay” Steve conceded easily enough because really when has he ever been able to deny Tony anything.
“what are you doing here?” It’s normal to acknowledge teachers and students outside school, he just didn’t think he would when they were on a mission. Because his missions normally did not include the local subway.
“That’s not what I am afraid of, he has no self preservation whatsoever. He will walk right into whatever trap stane has set for him when he does turn eighteen"
“Yes"
“I know it’s hard with teens but this one seems special, he is smart. We had a lovely conversation this morning about why he should be allowed to go home. I have to say I was impressed with the arguments of course I didn’t  give in" Steve grinned at him , he was all too aware of the silver tongue Tony had.
“Shh hey honey you are alright Tony.” He said as he used the other hand to pull his gown down to cover him up just in time for natasha to burst into the room.
“they just want to make sure you are okay-“ Steve didn’t get to finish
Natasha got up and wandered towards where Phil had gone and Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair
“Tony, tell me please” he asked again and Tony lifted his leg up high and Steve could see the deep gash surrounded by the red irritated skin just below the crease of Tony’s right butt cheek and Steve cringed as he wondered how uncomfortable an injury in that area must feel.
“Because you are a minor Tony, with a past  and I shouldn’t be doing things like that with you” tony stiffened in his arms his eyebrows scrunching up voice dropping, he sounded like a child when he asked
I walked up behind him as silently as possible trying not to knock anything over and wrapped my arms around his torso trailing kisses up his neck and nibbled his ear. I felt him stiffen at initial contact, it made my guilt flare up from last morning but I told myself that it was for Tony. He dropped the bracelet remote thing he uses to control things and turned in my arms slowly reaching up, his hand grabbing my hair, I felt him lift up on his tip toes and pulling me lower and then smashed his lips into mine. I could still feel the tension and stiffness in his movements but this was progress for sure. I tightened my arms around his torso lifting him up of the floor his legs wrapping around my waist. I pulled back breaking the kiss and placing him on the nearby table trailing kisses along his forehead ear and neck. His breath was coming in pants and I waited till it evened out.
“Can you tell me what’s wrong?” he asked ,his voice just above the shrill of the monitor beeping incessantly.
“Ihaveatendencytofinishtoofast" he mumbled too fast for Steve to catch it
They had spoken about protection detail for Tony and what would happen when they got back and how they actually couldn’t just take tony away from stane because he was his legal guardian. So until they had proof of the aabuse and report it to child services or Tony legally turns eighteen they couldn’t do much. And Steve knew very well that Tony would deny any claims of abuse in front of other parties that did not include the avengers.
“I will kill him" was all Steve could say and natasha was honestly taken aback , Steve, captain America the all sensible righteous one was being torn apart right in front of her.
his words worked wonders as Tony immediately stilled and said “sorry. I am sorry I am such an idiot. You must be so tired and I am-" his rambling Tony was back and Steve kissed the words off his mouth silencing him
“That is a hall pass to the nurse, not a pass for lingering in the hallway is it? Is there a reason you are not at the nurses office ?” Steve asked and tony glared at him slightly
“I don’t want the shot” Tony said immediately eyeing the syringe and Steve laughed whole heartedly as tension lifted off his shoulders knowing that Tony was finally willing to talk.
“Every time I touch him he has a panic attack" he said quietly , finally losing the fight in him
“Hey" he croaked and Steve’s heart went out to him. Tony was clearly exhausted and had not slept yesterday after he had sent him home.
TONY'S POV
“ but for now , let’s just let it be what it is okay?” and he felt Tony nod against his chest and finally Steve asked him
So I have been working on re-writing this whole story.
“Who did it ?” She asked bluntly her fingers tightening around the water bottle as she realized Tony’s hesitation to defend obadiah.
“steve am sorry” Tony said quietly after settling “I don’t know what came over me”
“Tony? Sweetheart you are okay , I got you baby, I have you" he repeated over and over until he calmed down enough for Steve to ask him if he was okay
Everyone except Clint natasha thor Tony and Steve left for the base. The rest settled down in the lobby of a random hotel Clint had found for them to stay the night. It seemed like they were literally the only one’s there and Steve was thankful for the lack of attention.
He spent the next few hours going through the files that Clint had brought over while discussing it with the spies. Natasha had come over with dinner and they had made good use of their time.
“I don’t appreciate you using that kind of language mr. Stark" he whispered
Steve shuffled back again pulling with him so Tony was sitting on Steve’s outstretched thighs straddling him hands playing with Steve’s shirt. By now Tony was looking more and more child like , his uniform rumpled and tie hanging loose around his neck.
He turned to his teammates who looked just as worried and asked them to get him some water. Within seconds Clint was handing him a small water bottle and he turned back to Tony who seemed to be tracking better.
First I really want to say I am so sorry for leaving this story unfinished!
“I , well" his right hand went up to his chest above the sheets and he pointed to it, “the reactor is made of palladium and its slowly poisoning me apparently”
“Then why are you leaving for the mission?” Tony was smart enough to know something was up with Steve’s mind and Steve appreciated that.
We decided to have a movie night, since clint had shield business for the next few days and Natasha and Myself had to go to shield, The training program was a success so Fury wanted to make it a weekly affair. Except this time they had to go to a different shield base. They were going to be gone for two days.
But he did understand that shield definitely has been looking into Bruce’s work on radiation, and that’s how they probably found him. They have been on a spree of finding anyone who can answer questions about the alien technology. But the way Bruce spoke of shield , he definitely didn’t know that yet.
"Have a look at what I did!" he exclaimed as he backed up a bit. He motioned for Jarvis to start the jet on the boots to lift him up. And the normal orange bright colour of the jet was now burning bright blue.
He felt Tony tense and he looked up at to find that Tony was looking at him wide eyes and he reached forward his fingers caressing at Steve’s cheeks and only then did Steve realize that he was crying. He quickly wiped at tears and smiled at Tony grasping the fingers that had just wiped the tears from his face.
“It’s been certainly interesting” He told him and Bruce turned to look at him, eyes squinting
“is this all? Are you hurt elsewhere?” He asked as he prodded at the bruise making him wince.
“Please" he said quietly and Steve just stared at him
Tony had an arm tucked under Steve’s back and one around his torso. He was snoring softly, just a soft soft sound on every inhale , and Steve felt Tony’s chest rise and fall against his own side with every breath he took.  His face was still tear streaked and the room smelt musky from their activity last night.
Tony looked a little red in his ears as he slowly made his way out and Steve stepped up to help him back. The excited gasp Tony gave when he saw the mousse made Steve’s heart warm.
He let go of me, catching hold of my wrist pulling me towards the door, "let's go"
Steve held his breath unconsciously as he felt him stir at the light touch but sighed as nimble fingers latched onto his shirt.
Bucky nodded “I really hope he is okay. Again I am really sorry.”
That left Bruce and thor in charge of Tony. Pepper had made sure to take care of SI business this week to give Tony a break. But Tony was not having any of it. He wanted a constant report of everything that was happening.
“Yeah?”
“ obie got a call yesterday from the principal, did you guys have something to do with that?” he asked chewing on the nails of his finger.
I followed him out the door "Clint and Tasha are already there waiting for us" I informed him.
“He is a minor!” steve has always know Bruce to be a patient man but this scared him a little . To see bruce get angry so quickly ,and he was angry at Steve.
“was tired" tony told him as a way of explanation and natasha scoffed at him
“wait, you need to here this first. “ Steve’s breathing had intensified and he tried to calm himself enough to listen to what was being said to him
“Steeve! Don’t be mean I am sick" he said mood changing instantly
“Natasha does hate you” steve stilled before rolling his eyes at the dramatics and Tony froze before he took the few steps back and cowered behind steve.
“You want me to start an unofficial investigation into Tony stark” he said evenly. Steve was honestly impressed , Steve smiled sheepishly “can I expect the report by tomorrow evening?” Phil sighed and finally looking up “ we already started the investigation, you will have it by morning"
"we can probably Transfer the excess energy onto a different receiver" he nodded looking at me intently.
“ you need to relax okay? It’s only there to help you. In and out , come on.” He coaxed as he finally felt Tony relax against his chest.
Once they left Tony turned to him
Steve shared a look with the other two before the guy mouthed to Steve “He will be here in four hours”  and they left silently pulling the door closed behind them after promising tony to get something for the pain.
“Am good" he said his voice shaky before he blinked it open for the second time that day trying to clear his vision.
“I bet" he said smirking at Tony and he received a sweet glare in return.
Steve quickly made his way to the principals office, to request that he take the rest of the day off and that tony gets to too. Carrying the approved letters he then made his way to Bruce, to let him know and maybe borrow his car.
“Tony I am so-"
But Tony resisted  ,”I’ll walk” he said and Steve started to argue that he really shouldn’t push it but Tony was already walking to the door pushing it open with a determination he hadn’t seen in a while.
“sweetheart” he said softly and Tony frowned at him a pout starting to form and before it could reach it’s full potential Steve captured those lips with his own.
“I know, I’ll be there the whole time okay?” tony nodded but he wasn’t satisfied or happy in the least.
“And since when do you have a medical degree?” Tony gave him a spectacular glare for that.
“I am pretty sure they got some work by fury, which reminds me natasha said she will get you some files she said you might think will be interesting from her previous missions" he said as he rummaged around the cabinet out of Tony’s sight and pulled out the very cleverly hidden Foley’s catheter and IV lines.
Please let me know in the comments!!
“how does this friend have such close access to you, does stane know ?” Tony winced again at her tone but Steve was not going intervene as long as it had him talking.
“DON’T TELL ME TO FUCKING CALM DOWN"
“I am going to touch your hand , is that okay?” he asked but made no movement to do so until Tony shakily nodded his head. He reached over and gently grasped one of Tony’s wrist and tugged it free from its hold on his collar and placed it on Steve’s own chest
“You were busy for a while, want to tell me what that was about?” he asked as he paced the room for lack of anything to do.
Steve was reluctant to wrap his arms around tony, keeping his body oddly angled so he wouldn’t brush against Tony’s waist.
“What about the time we spoke in your class room and the swimming pool locker?” he asked and suddenly just like that a few gears clicked in Steve’s head.
“Relax, I wont tell anyone. Besides I think you are good for him. Keep him grounded , you know?” he said smiling.
“Right here sweetheart, why don’t you close your eyes for a second?” he shook his head
“How long have you been like this?” he asked again
After five minutes of awkward silence, tony cleared his throat and sat up straighter while Steve lazily picked up another paper as he looked up at him “what can I help you with , Mr stark?” He asked politely allowing tony to carry forward this conversation.
"Hey! Stop that!" I tried to smack the hands away but Nat glared at me and I had to keep still. She gracefully slid of my blazer and undid the top few buttons of my shirt and she dropped to her knees in front of me one hand cupping the back of my neck effectively holding me still and looking directly at me she asked-
“I know , I know baby but just give me second okay?” he said as he used his free hand to rub gentle circles on his stomach
The doctor on rotation was kind and patient as he asked Tony to sit on one of the beds. Something about the way he was handling himself with Tony told him that he was already briefed about their arrival and that person would definitely have to be natasha.
Steve had given Tony a bug , which he had dropped in stane's office and so far they hadn’t heard anything useful. Either stane was extremely careful or he knew he couldn’t trust Tony. Coming to that, stand had not mentioned Steve’s relationship with tony to him yet and they had been wondering what that meant still.
This was going to be hard to tackle. What if tony was really sick? I moved my hands to his arc reactor just to reassure myself that he is okay.
“No, Steve what the hell?” Steve just shook his head at the others as their patience seemed to wearing thin
“that could work , I am sure it will" and Steve gave him a hard glare
“He is a smart kid, how would they hide that" natasha aasked and Steve realized that they were also still speculating
"Tony? can you hear me?"
“we are okay” they said both shooting Tony a sympathetic look
“What about now?”
“Tony? Hey look at me” Steve said and that’s all it took for tony to snap his eyes open , eyes wide with fear as his fingers grasped at his shirt uselessly.
Two hours later, found them all relaxing at the tower eating Clint's pizza, on the common floor. Clint and Natasha lived here and while steve was offered a place of his own at the tower he had refused it in favour of his apartment. He liked the independence but he also did spend a majority of his time at the tower with his teammates.
“There aren’t many people tony is so open with , I am happy one of those people is you.” Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet hers
Steve couldn’t help but let out a chuckle once he got a good look at Tony.
“Stop calling me a boy. I am almost eighteen.” Steve choked on a laugh at that
And almost as if Steve wasn’t thinking for himself he asked “what?” And Clint smirked at him raising an eyebrow before saying “they are horny teenagers, Steve come on man , keep up!”
“You doing okay there?” He had never , ever seen this side of Clint. A lot of sides came out after Tony came into the picture but seeing Clint mother Henning tony had to be the most surprising of them all.
“Honey, go with him. This is going to take quiet a while okay? Do you need to be checked over by a doctor?” he asked eyeing the gash once again but didn’t want to push him right now.
“Tony I don’t know what is going on in that head of yours. Sit down. “ He said not so gently pushing him towards the couch
The food in front of him was barely even touched as he licked a finger to turn the page on his book. Steve  wanted to walk over there, and feed him knowing Tony would eat everything without even realizing that he was being fed when he was so engrossed in his mechanical books.
“Tony , come on buddy, focus on what I am saying …….” And Steve just blacked out again.
It was actually a pretty decent place,  but how Clint managed to find one that had no other occupants was beyond Steve. Tony followed silently behind him and as soon as Steve shut the door he dropped the bags carelessly down onto the floor before turning to face Tony.
“How are you feeling Steve?” he was snapped out of his thoughts when natasha laid a hand on his shoulder. Apparently she had been trying to get his attention for a while now .
“And of course this information is not yours to keep" she said just before she let the door close behind her.
“spies don’t knock” he said , and the three of them watched as recognition hit tony as his eyes went wide and his mouth twitched not knowing where to begin.
“they are horny teenagers Steve, do I really have to spell everything out to you?” he said snacking him on the arm and walking over to a group of kids who were pointing at something.
“ is it obadiah?” he asked because Tony had repeatedly said he didn’t want to go home with ‘obie’ yesterday.
Steve stood , a hand on Tony’s back while the teen tested the temperature of the water falling from the shower. Steve had brought him to the showers, turned the water on cold and asked Tony to get under it hoping that would make his problem go away.
“Thor is here? Like right now?”
“She’s fine" he repeated
That's when I noticed it, took in my surroundings properly. There were two syringe barrels, a stethoscope, a thermometer and oh my god! Needles!
“I told you this would happen” the words landed like a slap and they weren’t even intended for him. Stane had stormed into the room fingers already pointed at Fury , the anger reverberating through the room. It made Steve’s arm hair prickle.
He hesitated when they got to the car “this is Dr.Banner’s car” Steve nodded motioning for him to get in
“trouble breathing?” Steve asked as casually as possible careful not to scare his boyfriend away from all the medical questions. He shrugged again opened his eyes and smirked , “I swallowed some water, it be like that sometimes" he said before pushing back from the chair to get up pulling steve with him. Steve rolled his eyes as he followed him out of the room.
“ready to try standing?” the nurse asked ,he just rolled his eyes and pushed off the bed my hands still hovering just incase.
“Well, hello to you too” Steve smiled “hope you guys are having a nice weekend” he said as small talk.
“oh, shit!” he pulled back and fumbled with the covers until he was safely under them his hair falling on his eyes as his cheeks turned a beet red.
“I just don’t want to believe it yet" he said placing the bottle down.
Tony’s head lolled back against the crook of Steve’s neck tickling his Adam’s apple and Steve dropped a kiss onto his head. Tony gripped Steve’s arms for supports on either side all the way back.
"Mr. Stark, this is where you say something" he said irritably as Tony continued to ignore him.
“ I know.”
Just as Steve tried to get up so he can go check in with natasha, Tony sighed his eyes fluttering open he wrapped his fingers around the fabric of Steve’s shirt
It was short, and sweet and completely inexperienced on Tony’s part and Steve loved it. He would cherish this kiss forever. Steve pulled back, tony following his lips and Steve chuckled at him holding him back.
“Okay, head home. I want to see you both a little early in class tomorrow.” They nodded quickly shuffling out before saying quick good byes to Tony.
“Wha s'happenin?” he half muttered and half yawned before realizing they had company.
“tony, are you still not done?” he asked knocking on the bathroom door after setting the tray down on their nightstand.
Bringing fury up to speed took a lot longer than steve had expected, three hours to be precise during which they had concluded that the people responsible here were the ones who had influence on Bucky and that obadiah stane had taken this an opportunity to get Steve out of the picture. Which worked out great for both parties involved . But what was still unknown was how stane came in contact with these people or if they were already in cahoots.
Steve didn’t know if he wanted to hear the rest of what tony had to say. But he felt truly heartbroken on the inside , just by one sentence Tony had uttered. If he meant it or not.
“She’s fine" he grunted as he was smacked from the back with a solid beam.
“Okay I have never seen her be that comfortable with anyone before" he said staring at the back of the couch like he could actually see them through it and Steve chuckled as he grabbed his own coffee and sat down .
“Uhm, it’s really fine” tony said
“Hey kids, what are some cool kids like you doing here in the subway?” she asked casually las her eyes swept around the area behind them and caught onto something.
Tony was already petite and thin , and to think how much smaller and helpless he must have felt then , Steve for once didn’t reacted , only nodded.
A few minutes of coaxing Tony out of his ruined boxers (which he insisted on doing alone but Steve was too anxious to leave him alone so they compromised on natasha leaving to help Clint and Steve turning away facing the wall) and into a fresh robe that was much too large on him saw them all finally sitting on the large bed lazing around.
He pursed his lips not sure if anything he would say would help but atleast he finally knew what had been troubling Tony ever since they were back.
“uhm..I told him I was at rhodey's"
“I have planned some very important things actually” he put a finger under Tony’s chin lifting it up so Tony would look at him before kissing him long and hard. Tony moaned as Steve slid his tongue along his teeth and pulled away holding Tony back at arms length.
The next day took a turn when Tony stayed back sitting in his chair as the class cleared out after the bell. He didn’t say anything, so Steve just went back to grading his papers .
“Nat, what are you waiting for?” he asked looking up to find that natasha was frowning at him
“sweetheart stop, hey tony ,-" tony successfully unbuckled Steve’s belt and pushed his pants down and he couldn’t help but groan into the feather light touch as Tony’s fingers grazed at his half hard shaft through his boxers.
“everything that happened was by no means your fault. It’s okay that you are feeling like this, and we will get through it together I promise you sweetheart. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you here okay?”
"hey guys, when did you get here?" Bruce asked claiming the adjacent single seater.
“hmm" Steve  said not really listening to Tony and was snapped out of his thoughts when Tony got up from his chair and walked over to Steve his hands wrapping his arms around his torso.
He quickly went through organising his things and settled down, picking up his schedule and the list of students that would be in his class this year. He recognised all of them, except one that had been added at the last. Anthony Edward stark.
“Tony,  you can always call me. No matter what the situation.  Do you understand?” he nodded but Steve was still not satisfied but right now that was not important.
“ give the kid a rubiks cube. He will be fine” he heard one of the other teachers say followed by a few chuckles and Steve smiled to himself thinking about just how fast Tony would figure that out and be bored all over again.
“anything else ? Is that all?” he asked and Tony just gave another pitiful whine and Steve’s worry increased tenfold.
“I am actually here for Tony stark , I was hoping he could help me out with something. Only if that’s okay with you though"
“Did you eat?” steve asked looking around
"I am fine guys, probably just a little heat rash from the suit getting singed. Why don't you both head over to shield for the debrief? I am sure fury is already fuming waiting on us." Thor nodded and walked out. Bruce remained rooted in place.
“That was until I met Clint ,natasha and thor” he paused for a second “and you" he said the last part deliberately slowly as he watched Tony’s face twitch with strained emotions.
"Is'hot" he mumbled and Steve only then notice the slight tremble to his fingers.
steve sighed and before he could refuse tony started again “please steve , just this once please” Steve didn’t know what he wanted frankly but it had taken great deal of effort for Steve let go of him in the first place before he went to change and he knew it would be harder when stane gets in.
“I am going to ask you something and I need you to be honest with me,” tony didn’t entertain the idea however
There had been many days when Steve had come to class with bruises and cuts post battle but no one had ever noticed that they were gone just as fast as they appeared.
“Sorry is not going to cover it this time” he said smirking at him waiting for Tony to close the gap between their lips. Tony trembled beneath him and Steve was about to give in and push away when tony whimpered and concern immediately flooded his mind wondering if he taken it too far and he realized his right knee was pressed up against tony between his legs and he immediately moved to the side taking his hands away from either side of Tony’s head. Tony had screwed his eyes shut and was taking shallow breaths  now.
He squeezed the sticky liquid onto his fingers before reaching around Tony’s legs and gently caressing his hole and Tony bucked in his arms and Steve kept up a litany of words “I love you , so much.” He said over and over again.
"Nothing"
“do it for Tony’s safety” natasha simply said. Steve could do nothing more but agree.
“We should do an x ray" bruce said finally and before Steve could reply Tony came sauntering in ,hair dripping wet all over his shirt and face and sat down next to Steve reaching for the coffee.
Steve sighed in relief before calling out her name again
“You love me” he said nuzzling at Tony’s hair with his nose as he wrapped his arms around the genius pulling him flush against his body ,feeling every inch of it along with Tony’s squirming.
“It’s burning , give me a minute” he said with a not so straight face and Steve pitied him as he went to the door and locked it, and walked back to Tony and shifted him so he was sitting against Steve’s chest.
He knew he was stressed about the upcoming mission and this was not how he should have handled the quarrel but he couldn't seem to make himself care. He remembers how annoyed he used to get when teachers intervened his fights with his fellow classmates, they never actually knew what was happening. So Steve always felt it was wrong to do so unless it was something that really required his attention.
“Something you want to tell me?” tony frowned at his pizza not looking up
“Nobody has ever laid hands on that boy, and the moment you come into his life ,there is he is lying in a hospital bed.” He said pointing his finger at Steve.
“we need to head out for a while, we will see you soon okay buddy? Get some sleep" Clint said after a few exhausting rounds of playing cards. Exhausting because apparently the Norse god was very good at it for some reason and no body could seem to win against him.
“He called to ask me if you were okay. Said he needed to make sure that you weren’t hurt or being held captive.” Steve dropped the phone , as he raced towards the sink his stomach giving in, he threw up until his throat was raw and probably bleeding from the strain. Steve had expected Tony to be angry with him , or even scared and terrified but he most definitely had not expected Tony to be concerned about Steve.
On his way back , he picked up the discarded blanket and Tony’s shirt
“I know, it will be okay” he couldn’t promise Tony that it wouldn’t hurt, because Steve knew it would.  But he also knew it was going to be worth it.
“Yeah?” He asked looking up from his place at the desk
He was mentally prepared to dive back into academics , even though he has enjoyed the break, Steve needed to work or he was never at peace with his mind.
“Okay, I get it. I am going to let it slide because I know what it’s like to be your age. But that doesn’t mean I agree with your choices” he tried to be chastising, and Tony smirking behind them was not helping Steve keep a straight face in reprimanding them.
He asked one of the agents to relay to fury that he would be back in thirty minutes and for them to continue on without him. Taking the keys he headed out towards the bar he was annoyed and irritated with Tony at the moment. He had been busy and really did not expect to be called out of a meeting to come pick him up because he was drinking. He was not even sure how they managed to get the drinks.
“get your homework please” he told him and he heard Tony snort on the other side
“Steve no" tony tried to get out of the bed but Steve glared at him and he quickly settled back
“You are okay , I got you" Steve said softly and that snapped Tony’s eyes back on him and he went from confused to fearful as he yanked his arm away from Steve’s and tried to disappear into the wall behind him.
The next few days Steve could do nothing but think about two thoughts that just kept spiraling back to him no matter how hard he tried to distract himself.
“Nothing , I don’t see why I need one" sighing steve ran his hand through his hair trying to calm himself down.
Once everyone had gotten off the bus, Steve introduced natasha and Clint to the kids
“You are okay Tony, it’s only to help you breathe, we will have it out in a minute. You with me?” tony calmed relatively fast and settled for clutching at Steve’s hand weakly physically unable to put up a fight.
“Rhodey get to class" he barked and as soon as the boy was out the room ,Steve helped bruce sit up from he was apparently pushed into the cart that carried medical supplies, there was a thin trail of blood running along the side of his face and Steve saw red.
steve swallowed not wanting to admit it “I did” but tony nodded like he understood why Steve was hesitating but Steve needed tony to know the whole truth
“needed some distraction, history seemed the best option” he said grinning unsurely.
Rhodey and another classmate was literally holding Tony still between them as he squirmed trying to get out of their grip , tears brimming as he shouted at then to let him go.
“Fine, tomorrow then" he said stalking off in the direction if his room. But he knew he was going to go see nat first,  find out everything.
The water was cold, Steve’s metabolism mostly keeping him from shivering . But that didn’t mean that he didn’t feel the cold sinking into his skin. It was dark and he couldn’t see past the glass of the cockpit. The pressure weighing him down was stifling but he couldn’t go anywhere. The fear gripping at him as he realized what he had just done.
“Clint” steve said again now laughing
“I don’t have anywhere else to go"
“Hey" steve said smiling at him as he walked over and put his hands on the rail leaning down to give him a light kiss.
“do you know how two men have sex?” Tony recoiled but didn’t give an answer and Steve continued taking that as a no.
"That's not fair! Its not like I had a heart attack ! Bruce tell him to give me bacon!" I yelled for everyone in the common room kitchen to hear as the elevator opened. "
“yeah?” Steve could see the glint and pride in Tony’s face as he carried him through the elevator and pressed the button for the basement.
“Cap there is no use of you here if you are so distracted” clint said as they stood back to back trying to kill as many bots as possible.
“Steve, you are scaring the boy" he heard from the door and he was jerked out of his thoughts as natasha and Clint came in carrying trays of food and coffee that was still steaming .
“shit happens" he said shrugging almost daring Steve to scold him for his language but Steve really didn’t have it in him today.
“I am sorry,peggy. I should have contacted you, but somehow it didn’t feel right.” He said softly begging her to understand and understand she did , because she was peggy , his first love.
"-et me seep" why wouldn't they just let me go back to sleep? The couch was so soft and comfortable and steve was warm. Then the warmth suddenly left, what the hell?
“no, I am fine.” He said and before Steve could argue he softly spoke again avoiding Steve’s gaze “why are you doing this, I thought you didn’t want me”
“I don’t know what that means but you know what I am asking” he said as he pushed his still too long hair out of his face.
“did he give you an explanation ?” steve shook his head
“Steve, are you okay to move?” Clint asked as he passed a bottle of blue Gatorade. He hated that drink but took it anyway pushing himself up as Tony loosened his grip on him.
“Actually , I think I have heard enough. It’s not my place to pry.” See this is why he really liked bruce , steve nodded as he allowed Tony to shift and tuck himself closer to him. He wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulder ,his palm resting against the reactor.
He trailed up slowly behind them , peeking over to see what they were eating. Tony was halfway through his waffles , the chocolate syrup had soaked through now, making them soggy.
“That’s a cute story , but what are you going to do when stane comes for you?”
“Of course , I promise it’s going to be okay"
“Tony? Wake up sweetheart” he called out ,tony not too loud so he wouldn’t startle him. He mumbled a few things Steve couldn’t make sense of and Steve gently pulled him upright and pushed himself in between the v of Tony’s legs hanging off the counter and pulled him to his chest. A beat later he heard Tony’s sleep roughened voice
“you guys have tab on bucky?” he asked, first things first.
“I wont bite, you can come in” he chuckled as Tony’s eyes widened at not realizing that Steve had seen him .
“Hmm, I …I Steve.”  He stammered unsure and suddenly shy
“It’s eleven am , I think it’s safe to say we both are ditching today"
Tony was nervous. That much was clear to Steve seeing as how Tony tried to stall with every which way he could imagine as steve tried to get the teen to get in his car, which steve had natasha drop off to school.
“I am going to be seventeen” he said in an arguable tone and Steve held back a smirk, tony looked barely fifteen what with his boyish face and and baby skin, not that Steve had thought about that when he was feeling him for broken bones.
Steve ate quickly and threw the carton away before Tony was even done with half his burger mostly because he was too busy asking questions about their lives and what not which was all very well answered by an evasive natasha.
"hah!"
“He cannot eat anything twelve hours prior to his surgery, so this evening will be his last meal. Keep him hydrated and make sure he doesn’t stress , last night was just one example of how easily his breathing can get bad.”
“Do you want to go to the bed?”
“Steve, I have a feeling he doesn’t know about any of it" now steve snorted
“Why didn’t you want to call me honey?”
“I’ll get you more" nat said trailing after Bruce.
“Bucky?” he asked and the other man’s eyes zeroed in on him like a target locked and his silver arm came swinging towards Steve’s ribs and before Steve could even recover from his initial shock of discovering that the man smiled had been after was his best friend who died eleven years back Steve was laying on the ground his arms wrapped around his ribs coughing up blood. He heard the arrow before he saw it as it hit Bucky square in his flesh hand. But Bucky was not even phased as he took a step closer to Steve as if to attack him again.
“Steve! Put me down people will see us!” he said trying to get away but Steve held him tightly feeling Tony’s harsh breathing and fast heartrate against his own chest. Maybe this was not the best idea , but it was a start.
“Please"
Life was so unfair right now and Steve blamed it on the universe. There sat Tony in the midst of a welcoming ceremony in the schools auditorium amongst his other classmates. His eyes bouncing around the room as if he felt out of place. They had all been forced to sit there while the principal gave an elaborate speech about the foreign exchange program and the reason for Steve’s claims of an unfair life, they were all dressed in uniform. A blue blazer and tie included.
Steve managed to finish up his class without being too bothered by the unimpressed look he was receiving from Anthony after he gave them homework on the first day. The bell rang and before Steve could drop his book ,sit back down and lift his head, tony had left, leaving a frowning Steve in the wake. He had made a beeline for the door before any of kids had even packed up.
“okay, so we will start with Ms.Romanoff and Mr.Barton and then do yours captain.” We nodded our agreements.
“Steve i-"
“There has to be a link, think you can remember faces if we showed you pictures?” steve asked him
tony didn’t say anything, instead he seemed to be looking for something as his eyes roamed all over Steve. Now Steve was worried that maybe he had a concussion and wasn’t processing Steve’s words.
“She’s great at giving shots, trust me. She once stabbed me with a knife and I didn’t even feel it .” and Tony raised an eyebrow alarmed
There were a couple of agents talking nervously at the door and Steve immediately recognized the one man crouched beside Tony talking to him. Steve made his way over quickly , taking in the scene.
“I have a note here from the principal that says you can go home.” Steve said holding up a letter.
“Uh huh, I’ll be there in twenty” steve was going to have a long night but first he needed to get a hot shower to relax his aching muscles and look less fresh out battle to not scare Tony further.
"Apparently the Ty kid was giving pepper a hard time so Tony was just standing up for her" oh. But that does not excuse him from using such language at school.
“yes baby I see them, I also see how they are not in school"
Steve watched in a trance as the elevator closed with the two of them inside and was snapped out of it when Clint clapped him on the back and whispered in his ear as they both stared at elevator “you know what’s going to happen once they hit the floor above right?”
“What dots? How can there be any dots?” he asked stupidly
“Verbal answers baby, come on you know this" he coached and Tony whined not wanting to shaking his head “hey, if I don’t hear you then we are stopping here" steve said and Tony gasped
“Bad enough” steve said seriously and Tony huffed smacking him weakly on the chest and Steve grabbed that hand and held it tightly.
“No. You don’t get to do that, you have been AWOL for the last three weeks, there hasn’t been a second I have stopped worrying about what is going on with that heart of yours. You told me no coddling and I agreed to that. What I didn’t agree to is for you to cut me off completely and then walk in again and expect everything to be okay . So either you tell me what is wrong or I am sleeping on the couch today.”
“is that tony?” Natasha asked and before Steve could answer, he caught sight of the large boot shaped bruise blossoming on Tony’s back. It looked painfully raw and Steve almost choked on his words
off to the bathroom still grumbling about super soldiers and how they can drink all they want the night before and still wake up as fresh as ever .That's what it was.
Steve didn’t know how what he was doing but whatever he intended to do, he needed to know that Tony really was okay with it. Weather he wanted it or not, he was still a minor and Steve’s responsibility.
“Oh, uh I don’t ..”
Everyone hated medical, especially after a particularly gruesome battle when all we want to do is go and just sleep for the next two days. But no one hated it more than tony. He usually took of in his armor as soon as the battle was over and just in time for medical to arrive, he would then show up out of nowhere to the debrief.  On most days the armor protected him from being injured ,but this time when the giant rage monster had whipped tony while mid air , he had lost control and fallen into the ocean. When We all heard the splash and the sudden gurgling noises through the comms we knew the iron man armor had taken a bad hit, and the water was leaking through into the armor.
Tony shifted uncomfortably in his seat before looking up “I’ll show you, but please don’t call anyone”
I entered the lab after punching in the authorization code. I found Tony sipping coffee in one hand and gracefully moving his other hand around controlling the screens in front of him.
As Steve threw the carton box away, Tony sat swinging his legs on his desk. He watched as Steve cleaned up and then finally looked at him
“happy birthday, tony" he whispered against his lips and kissed him once he stopped ggiggling.tony buried his fingers in Steve’s hair tugging on them and Steve pulled away looking at him
“Language” Steve chastised as tony bent down picking up his books and Steve picked up one that had fallen by his feet. It was a big one, heavy and Steve pursed his lips as he read the title ‘mechanics in engineering’ he handed the book over silently wondering why he was reading a book that was college level.
"He seems okay to me " clint declared walking out
Teacher/student au
That explained the unshed tears
“ there’s a reason it’s called a hall pass Mr.Rogers.” Steve had heard from the other professors just how much of a smart mouth Tony can be but this was the first actual non class based conversation Steve had had with the boy and was finally starting to understand what they meant by that.
Steve reached into his bedside table pulling out a small bottle and placed it on top of the table. Steve heard Tony’s breath hitch and looked up at him biting his lip just lightly.
“Okay steve, but like I said before it’s not that easy.” Bruce sighed “and it’s not just about legal, have you considered Tony’s point of view? His mansion, his lab. He wouldn’t want to leave all that and just walk out. I have a distinct feeling that Tony’s fear of going against stane is that he will lose his only connection to his parents.”
“hey"
“I don’t intend to" he confirmed.
"Pepper? What's going on? Are you alright?" He asked
“Okay" bruce said as he turned Tony onto his back again while Tony resisted
“You have this energy about you" he said shrugging
“I..I don’t want to leave him. Is he really going to be okay?” she said trying to reach out to Tony but Steve stopped her hands gently
"did you miss me? Cause I didn't miss you at all" he said smirking. But I couldn't really pay attention to what he was saying, all I wanted to do was make sure he was alright.
Steve ran a hand, trying to rub the weariness away from his face ,natasha was right. It might help them understand what was going on within the company. But right now, the problem felt more personal than company related.
“So you will watch him hurt Tony instead?” natasha deadpanned and Steve almost lost what was left of his stomach contents then and there.
But it did nothing to change the expression on Tony’s face. The bell rang soon enough and with a small home work assignment the students were off to attend their next class. Steve looked up just in time to notice that Tony was the first one out of the class. He smirked to himself shaking his head .
