“Yeah, yeah, tell me about the monster part,” Dean replied, wondering why Sam always had to put a name on someone Dean might have to put a bullet in.  His job was supposed to be killing monsters, not killing dumbass college boys named Wendell.   He paused for a moment to wonder what parent named their son something that was inevitably going to be shortened to “Wendy” by the average 12-year old boy.
“I need to ask you about the boys’ claims that they were attacked by a large black dog.  Do you know whether anyone around here owns a dog like that?”
Dean did a full honest-to-God spit take with his coffee. Sam was glad he hadn’t been drinking anything or else he probably would have done the same. He pushed the laptops out of the way as Dean frantically mopped up the mess with a dishtowel. “Holy crap, Cas, you’re rich!” Dean declared.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas responded.  “I was looking for the pills the hospital gave me.  I - I have trouble sleeping.  And when I do sleep, I have nightmares.  I’ve tried avoiding sleeping, but . . . human.”  She made a vague motion of frustration and resignation.
He opened his eyes when he felt something cold against his head.  Maisie had gotten him a bottle of water and a makeshift ice pack.  “Thanks,” he murmured as the cold began to soothe some of the pain.
“I think so. Your friend Jody Mills has been a great help explaining all of these money things to me. I would very much like to meet her one day,” Cas responded. “What is left of the life insurance money after paying all the bills should be released into Michelle Swanson’s bank account this week. There’s still a lawsuit settlement in the works, but that might be months before it’s resolved. Tell me, is $800,000 a great deal of money in human terms?”
Dean tried to squash a feeling of sympathy.  No feelings, he told himself, until he knew whether this was really Cas.  “And the meat suit you’re wearing?” he demanded.
Cas nodded then conferred quickly with Sam.  Sam leaned over and erased part of the chalk sigil.  Cas began to chant in Latin again.  Dean recognized parts of it, which sounded almost like an exorcism but not quite, while other bits sounded like a funeral rite.
Sam threw his hunting clothes into his bag along with a couple of clean dress shirts and ties to go with his FBI suits, all recently dry-cleaned and hanging in a suit hanger he’d “borrowed” from Michelle Swanson’s dead husband. He stared thoughtfully at the bottle of prescription sleeping pills on the guest room nightstand and debated bringing them too. The hospital had sent them home for Cas but she didn’t want them. He’d been more than happy to use them instead, even though he hated the fuzzy, dopey feeling in his head in the mornings after he took one. With a grimace, he threw them in his bag. He’d take them if he had to. The last thing he wanted to do was keep everyone awake all night while he screamed his way through dreams of the Cage.
is a very powerful Fairy, far more powerful than the leprechaun you faced in Indiana, and far more intelligent than a red cap,” Cas explained.  “Simple tricks like spilling salt or sugar won’t work on her, although it might work on any lesser creatures serving her.  She will have strong powers of compulsion, likely using her voice or her song, and probably some form of magic that approximates telekinesis.  I believe that is how the green lady managed to keep her victims from fighting back.  She may also have a degree of shape-shifting, but the lore is inconsistent on that point.”
“I want to help you, of course. I understand now that you need money to hunt, so we’ll use this money,” Cas said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. Sam wasn’t sure why he’d thought for even a moment that Cas might do anything else with a pile of money. He wasn’t even sure she knew how to want things for herself, which was kind and weird and sad all at the same time. Which pretty much summed up Cas.
While Dean and Cas searched the arsenal stashed in the truck of the Barracuda for the cold iron weapons and bullets, Sam grabbed his computer and began sifting through urban spelunking websites.  While they could probably get a sewer map from Sergeant Hwang if they had to, Sam did not want to waste the Sergeant’s offered favor on something he should be able to find if he poked in the right places.  He was deep into social media discussions of obscure urban spelunking sites in northern Illinois when he realized that the pricking at the back of his neck wasn’t another Hell hallucination.  The bartender girl – what the heck was her name?  Marcie? Missy? Mossy? – really was hovering over his shoulder watching what he was doing.
Castiel didn’t bother saying that she didn’t have the ability to smite a gnat right now.  Instead, she thought about what Dean would say, and tried out a smile and a flippant response.  “Not planning on it.  I like the beer here.”
“Hurrah,” she answered.  It was amazing, Dean thought, how her voice could be so different but still convey exactly the same tone of dry frustration.
While Cas explored the rest of the house, Dean sat down at the kitchen table and tapped the top of Sam’s laptop to get his attention.  “Tell me what the kid had to say.”
On the whole, it was pretty good having Cas around all the time. There were still days when Sam couldn’t look at her without being pissed off about the lies, the Leviathans and the flashbacks to Hell that ran on a continuous loop in his brain. Yet, at the same time, it was nice to have someone around other than Dean. Cas was full of so much marvelous and obscure information that she was a joy to talk to, as long as you didn’t mind taking a few detours along the way. Plus, at his suggestion, as part of figuring out what it meant to be human, Cas was working her way through some of his favorite books from his college literature classes. They’d spent a cool hour or so last night talking about the book version of
“I don’t believe that dogs --” Cas began, but Dean stopped her with a look.  There was no need to tell Ada the real truth about Heaven or angels or whatever the hell else Cas was about to say.
Back at their table there was a new pitcher of pale ale and someone had cleared their plates.  The dessert menu had four different kinds of pie, and to Dean’s unashamed delight, Fenella brought him a slab of cherry pie that would have fed a small army.  Cas was curious to try a new food, so Dean carved off a portion of the slab to share with her, earning him another meaningful
“Oh, I like you, Cas,” Maisie answered with a giggle.  “And you’re right, I’ve got, like, a billion more questions.  But just, like, one more for now.  So, angel or human, what’s better?”
“Hello!” she called out, waving to catch his attention.  “Next Mass is at five-thirty.  If you’re here for confession, Father Pederson will be done with lunch in a minute or two.”  She sounded exactly like the lady cop from
Ada had to stop and think about that one for a moment.  “Every few years or so, that dratted fraternity sends some more foolish boys out to steal our candles or a prayer book or something else small but annoying.  I report it to the university every time it happens, but no one ever seems to do anything about it.  I started locking the front gate and the church door at night two years ago, even though Father hates shutting people out from God’s house.”
“This isn’t a vessel.  There’s no one in here but me.  This body used to belong to someone named Michelle.  Based on what the nurses say, she was in some sort of horrible accident and then was in a coma for a long time.  I think she was gone long before I ended up in this body,” she explained.  “I have no idea how I got here.  I have no idea how I’m not dead.”  She hung her head and studied her feet in their ridiculous pink fuzzy hospital slippers for a long time.  “I know this is hard to believe. But test me any way you need to, Dean.  I am Castiel.  And I need your help.  I need to get out of this hospital before they never let me leave.”
“Cas is like us, Sammy.  He – shit, she – isn’t made for sitting on the sidelines.  So unless you’ve got a good reason for keeping Cas on the bench, we’ve got ourselves a sidekick,” Dean replied.
“Is that everything?” Cas asked, slightly wary.   Dean nodded, mouth full of sandwich, and she looked first relieved then thoughtful.  They ate in companionable silence for a few more minutes before Cas said, “I have some questions.”
“Oh, you mean Dean,” Castiel responded.  The bartender was misunderstanding the situation, something with which Castiel immediately sympathized.  “He’s male, and he is my friend, but if you’re using the romantic sense of the term, then no, he’s not my boyfriend.”
Cas found words first.  “Dean, all of that . . . last night . . . does it mean that you are willing forgive me?”
“I have a question, though, about last night.  Did you . . . hug me?” Cas asked with a tilt of her head.
“Well, then, dancing starts at nine and I’ll keep room for two on my dance card,” Fenella said.  She shot a glance at Cas.  “Or should that be three?”
Sam was still at the kitchen table, still in his suit, still focused on his laptop.  Dean guessed he probably hadn’t moved since Dean had left – the usual Sam stuff when he had caught a lead.  “Chuck wagon’s here!”  Dean declared, getting his brother’s attention.  He handed Sam his bag of fake burger and rabbit food, threw the groceries that needed to be kept cold into the ‘fridge, then opened beers for the both of them.
The night air was cold and the sky was cloudless.  Cas was sitting cross-legged on one of those big wood lounge chairs, head turned towards the sky, seemingly ignoring the temperature.  She looked peaceful and Dean was reluctant to interrupt her.
The warmth of the hand on his arm cut through the dream, banishing Alastair and all the pain.  “Dean, it’s just a dream.  None of it is real.  Let it go.”  The voice wasn’t quite right but it was right in all the ways that mattered and he knew what that hand meant.  He was saved.  Cas was here, pulling him out of Hell.  “Dean, it’s all right.  I’m here.  I’ll protect you.”  Cas was here.  He was safe.  He could sleep.
“Exactly how stupid are you?  Don’t apologize to me, apologize to the lady.  She’s the one you disrespected,” Dean said, pushing a little on the asshole’s arm so he could feel the burn of his own straining muscles.
“Nice one, Cas, up top!” Dean raised his right hand for a high-five but Cas simply looked deeply confused.  “It’s a high five.  You smack your hand against mine to celebrate a victory.  C’mon!”  Cas’s open disbelief was almost funny.  Dean was going to have to find a shorter name in his head for her “I don’t understand you humans but whatever you say, Dean” face.  When she lightly smacked Dean’s raised hand, he all but shouted, “There you go!  One more successful human lesson!”  Sam rolled his eyes so loudly they could probably hear him three towns away.  Dean laughed and started clearing the table.  “All right, padawan, let me teach you how to do dishes.”
She could tell at a glance that Dean wasn’t sleeping well at all.  He was fidgeting and talking in his sleep, not intelligibly, but clearly enough that Castiel could tell the dream wasn’t a good one.  She had seen him like this many times.  Before, it had just taken the slightest breath of grace to ease him.  Now?  Now he was in pain and she was useless.
“Pleased to meet you, Cas.” Maisie extended a hand.  Castiel recognize the gesture now – she was looking for a handshake.  She grasped Maisie’s extended hand firmly but the bartender yelped and immediately pulled her hand back.
“Not much of one at the moment,” Castiel replied with a frown at her injured thumb.  She pulled it out from under the water and stared in consternation as it began to bleed again.  Maisie pushed her hand back under the flowing tap and began scouring the bathroom.  When she didn’t seem to find whatever she was looking, she grabbed two washcloths.
“My partner and I, we hunt monsters.  We came here because we thought that what attacked those kids was a simple monster.  Now that we know it isn’t really a monster, though, we have to decide what to do about it.  Someone who actually belongs to this place should be part of that decision,” he explained.
“I read the Cliff Notes in high school, I think. Or maybe I just stole the class notes from someone. It’s a real chick book. Not my thing at all,” Dean said with a grimace. He grabbed a beer out of the mini-fridge and offered one to her. Cas took it with a nod of thanks.
“Cas …” Dean really didn’t know what to say, so he let his words trail off into nothing.  He wanted to put a hand on her shoulder, just a gesture to let her know he wasn’t really angry with her, but how could he do that after he’d pushed her away just a few hours ago?
The hard copy files didn’t tell them much that Sam hadn’t already been able to pry out on line.  The notes from the interview of Stefanie Zielinski, Stupak’s live-in girlfriend, were a little more detailed but they didn’t contain any of the things that really interested Dean and Sam, such as whether Stupak and his girlfriend were regulars at the Green Lady or had any other similar habits as the other victims.  Nothing in the files of the Ponca or Nesbitt investigations indicated the two men knew each other at all, much less played music together on a regular enough basis to have a band name.  The only really useful things were the crime scene photographs and the autopsy reports.  They showed the same clean, precise slices of arteries, the same lack of bruising or other evidence of struggle.  All the damage to the body had been after death, probably during the disposal process.  The final autopsy reports included tox screens that showed no signs of drugs or sedatives.
Well, the only thing for it then was to run through the whole damn tape, both sides, the two of us singing along at the tops of our lungs – except when I stopped to listen to Cas’s beautiful deep voice rolling over the melodies of
,” she insisted with puppy dog eyes that she must have picked up from Sam.  He gave in because he had to admit that he had no idea what he’d do if he woke up tomorrow as Deanna instead of Dean, much less waking up as a human after centuries as a celestial being.
For once, luck came through for him.  Cas was fast asleep in an exhausted heap on the pull-out couch, face smooshed into the flimsy hotel pillow.  He stood there in the doorway between the sitting room and the bedroom for way too long, watching her and kicking himself for making everything too complicated.  He needed to put all of his feelings about Cas in a box, bury that box somewhere, and never look for it again.  Otherwise, some day he was going to slip up and do something incredibly, mind-bogglingly stupid, and then Cas really would disappear out of his life for good and he’d have only himself to blame.
“I didn’t know him well.  I only met him myself at the wedding rehearsal and then at the wedding.  I know that John met him about two years ago and they bonded over their music.  Shawn kept trying to encourage John to do more performing, but John was really happiest when teaching music.  And his students – his students loved him.  We’ve gotten so many cards and letters from them.”
Castiel dutifully offered Maisie her hand, and only then realized that she’d never put down Dean’s knife.  She placed it carefully on the counter next to the sink, making a mental note not to get it wet and to clean it carefully before Dean got back.
“Hey it worked, didn’t it?”  Dean replied with a shrug. “So how’s this sound? -We head out to the Green Lady, which we know is her hunting ground, and check out the folks in the bar until we find our Fairy.”  Sam and Cas made noises of agreement and Dean grinned a little.  An excuse to sit in a bar with good beer and maybe some pool?  This hunt might not be so bad even if it did involve Fairies.  He strolled into the bedroom, dropped his suit jacket and onto his bed and began pulling off his tie.
He could almost hear her thinking over the phone.  Finally, she said, “I think I might be hungry, but I don’t know what to ask for.”
“Look, I heard you before loud and clear.  It’s not that.  Stay.  Do the job.  I’ll go back to the hotel, take a sleeping pill and starting looking for ideas on how we close passages to Fairyland while I wait for it to kick in,” Sam promised.
Dean sat down heavily on the end of the bed.  Half of bottle of Scotch, even the good stuff, wasn’t enough to get him anywhere in shouting range of drunk.  It wasn’t the booze that made him feel hollowed out and exhausted.  That conversation had been goddamn hard.  Hearing Cas say that she wished she were still dead had hurt like fire.  He rested his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands and tried to summon the energy to get up and go to back to the living room couch.  It didn’t help that the bed was damn comfortable – king-sized, with one of those feather top mattresses – even though it had too many of those fussy little decorative pillows that women seemed to love.  It was so tempting just to fall down right here.
“It could have killed them.  It didn’t,” Cas countered.  “In 170 years or so, it’s only killed one person and injured two more.  Does that make it an irredeemable monster that needs to die?”
“Table that for later, pal.  This is might be a creepy Fairy bar, but it’s still the green chick’s most likely hunting ground.  Right now, we stick with Plan A.  We eat some burgers, we drink some beers, we take a look around,” Dean insisted, as much to himself as to Cas and Sam.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled good-naturedly.  “As far as hunting – you really think we could just leave Cas behind after this hunt is done?  Even without any mojo, she’s still got a lot of angel knowledge in her head.  You know as well as I do that every goddamn demon and Leviathan is going to want to get their grubby paws on a defenseless angel.  And I’m sure Crowley wants his pound of flesh for the way things went down.  The safest place Cas could possibly be is with us.”
“I think I am the one who should be apologizing to you,” she said, catching his eye as she wrapped both hands around the now steaming mug.  “I misunderstood human social customs yet again.”
Dean was sure he was dreaming but not sure enough.  It had to be a dream because Alastair was dead, he’d watched Sam ice that fucker, so Alastair couldn’t possibly be here, putting Dean on the rack again, flaying, slicing and laughing at his screams.  But that was Alastair’s touch and Alastair’s way with pain and Alastair’s smug snake smile so maybe everything else was the dream and this was real and he’d never been rescued from Hell and Alastair was going to keep at him until his soul shattered into a thousand jagged black pieces.  He was small and broken and hurt and afraid, even more so because he knew what was coming, what always came, what always happened no matter how loudly he screamed and how hard he fought.  Any minute now Alastair would turn those cold, dead shark eyes on him and tell him again how it could all be over if he’d just agree to take up the blade himself and torture someone else and this time he’d break and say yes and the whole ball would start rolling down the hill towards The End and it was all his fault because he was weak and pathetic and . . .
Every time Cas said stuff like this, it set Dean back a step, reminding him that his nerdy, frequently badass buddy with zero fashion sense was impossibly old and had seen things Dean couldn’t even imagine.  He remembered all the times he’d mouthed off at Cas and wondered, not for the first time, at Cas’s patience with him.  That Cas had only really smacked the complete shit out of him once was kind of amazing, in hindsight.
“Not that crazy,” Dean said, trying to be reassuring.  The kid actually looked thankful for that.  “Did it have a collar?”
Still more silence from Cas, so I filled it with all the crap that needed saying.  “Cas, I’m trying here.  Trying to do better.  I’m trying really hard not to be such an asshole to you because you don’t deserve that, not at all, and I never want you to think you do.  So now I know about your deal.  And I’m not mad.  I’m not gonna yell.  I just wanna, you know, talk about it.”
again, I turned off the music.  It was raining harder now, but not so hard that I couldn’t talk and drive.  “So, uh, Cas, man, Jack told me everything.  He told me about your deal with the Empty. ”
Before Dean or Sam could be distracted by anything else, Castiel stood up and prepared to give her report on the results of her research.  “I have analyzed the lore on Fairies for the best possible weapons and tactics to use against the
because they’d argued about Dean’s hope more than once before and Sam wasn’t willing to indulge in even that much.
“You certainly made an impression,” Cas responded.  Silence again, awkward and restless.  This time it was Cas who broke it.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I didn’t know how to handle that and that we nearly got into a fight because I didn’t know what to do.”
“Just watch yourself, okay.  We want numb drunk, not puking or passing out.”  He poured out a double shot for Cas and was relieved when she drank slowly and deliberately.  “Plus, this is the good stuff.  You’re supposed to take your time and enjoy the taste.”
him like that, as if broken, busted up Dean Winchester, with his dumbass pep talks and his head full of movie quotes, as if he somehow had the big important answers she needed about life.  As if he was somehow enough to make this whole shitshow worthwhile for her.  That’s when he’d gone right over the cliff, like the Coyote after the Road Runner, because fuck it if that wasn’t the best thing anyone had said or even thought about him in forever.  In that moment, it hadn’t even occurred to him to argue that he wasn’t worth it.  In that moment, all he’d wanted to do was kiss Cas until they were both breathless and then invite her to break in the back seat of the Barracuda with him.
“Yeah, he told me,” Dean replied.  He didn’t ask.  Whatever Cas and Sam said belonged between them.  “So, you going to be up for playing translator tomorrow morning?” he asked.
So what if he kissed Cas and she’d kissed him back and they did end up screwing each other’s brains out in the back of the car?  What would they have done
“Oh, I’m going with you.  This is my home town.  I can’t just, like, sit here and do nothing.  I can’t,” Maisie declared.
“Last time . . . last time you died, when I didn’t think there was any chance of getting you back, I was in bad shape.  I gave up.  I didn’t want to live, not even for Sam.  That’s when I knew for sure . . . but when you came back . . . I was just too damn gutless to open my mouth and –“
“Next time don’t try to match me shot for shot.  I’m a professional and at least half again your size now.  There’s a big bottle of aspirin in the kitchen.  Plus some coffee and eggs for you if you can keep down the banana.”
Cas was deep down the internet rabbit hole, pages of meticulous notes on a legal pad showing that she’d been at it for a while.  She'd even remembered to take her notes in English this time.  She was still wearing her fake FBI pantsuit and the trench coat, probably because she seemed to love that damn thing, but Dean also noted that the room was downright cold.  He checked the thermostat by the door, which read a perfectly reasonable 68 degrees.  No way in hell this room was 68 degrees.
“Angels are creatures of grace.  I have no grace.  How can I still be an angel?  I thought – I hoped, in fact – that my lack of grace meant I was truly a human now.  But I’m not.  Maisie – the bartender – she knew right away that I wasn’t human.  She thought I was another half-Fairy until she touched me and then she glimpsed just a flash of my true form.”
, we developed an immunity to their powers of compulsion, and it is possible that I may retain that immunity, even without any grace.  But I could not find anything that would guarantee humans protection against her power.  There might be something in the various branches of witchcraft or shamanry with which I am not familiar, but I would need several more days to conduct research.”
“Well, it might be demons,” Cas suggested, clearly trying to cheer Dean up.  Sam rolled his eyes.  Only his brother would be cheered up by the prospect of fighting demons.
“Yeah, a bunch of times.  I like the live music and the dancing, even though they are hardasses about checking IDs,” Josh responded.  Then, as if suddenly realizing he was talking to three people in suits he hurried to add, “Not that I’d ever try to buy beer with a fake ID, sir.”
“What? No,” Sam insisted.  “I’m fine.”  Dean didn’t have to say anything.  Instead, he used the big brother glare that had wrung confessions out of Sam since he’d learned to talk.  “Okay, I’m not fine,” Sam amended.
“Hey, Cas, why don’t you grab the first shower before Sam uses up all the hot water on his hair,” Dean suggested. When it came to the kind of basic background research into regular lives that they were doing now, she wasn’t all that much help. Besides, a few minutes without Cas would give him a chance to check up on Sam.
It took me two days to get to this point after Jack spilled his guts.  After getting his soul back, the kid just poured out everything, how he hated himself for not being stronger and able to protect everyone from Michael, how hard he tried to be good even after his soul was burned away, how sorry he was about Mom, and, oh yeah, Cas’s deal with the Empty.  That stupid, loyal, self-sacrificing doofus traded his life for Jack’s, and, just for an extra kick in the nuts, the Empty would collect as soon as Cas let himself be happy.
“No, you and Cas should stay.  Talk to people.  See what you can learn.  See if you can attract the green lady’s attention.  I’ll take a cab back to the hotel,” Sam suggested.
“Do you mind if we take that with us, along with a few other of John’s things?  We’ll bring them back after we write up our reports,” Sam assured.
Cas put up a hand to stop him.  “No, you don’t need to apologize.  It was unexpected, so I wasn’t sure I was remembering correctly.  It was . . . nice.”
“A university in Europe recently digitized several early Ugaritic tablets on the nature of souls and soul-based magic.  This one is much better than the usual human attempts to understand such things, but far from as helpful as I’d hoped it would be,” she answered.
“And you’re never going to do this to another woman again, no matter how sloppy stupid drunk you get, are you?”
“Yeah, welcome back,” Sam added, handing Cas gauze and antibiotic cream for the slice on her leg.  She looked confused about what to do with them, so Sam took them back and set about patching her up.
, not something awful with bagpipes as he’d secretly feared whenever Sam talked about “Celtic music.”  But all that good feeling vanished immediately when he looked around and realized how many people in the bar had the tell-tale glow of Fairy about them.  “Son of a bitch,” he swore under his breath.
“And you didn’t notice that it was nearly cold enough in here to see your breath?  We gotta work on your hunter instincts, Cas,” Dean chided.
“Boddicker’s friends told the Elgin cops that he was planning to explore the sewer system in Belchamp and search out a supposed old Cold War-era fallout bunker somewhere in town.  When he went missing, everyone assumed he’d gotten hurt exploring and tried to get the Belchamp cops interested in looking for him.  They couldn’t get any response out of Belchamp until his body was found,” Sam explained.  “So see if you can pull maps of the sewers and get confirmation on the existence of that bunker.  Sounds like a perfect hide-out.”
“Suck it up, Cas, and take the compliment!” Dean yelled as he pulled his favorite Black Sabbath T-shirt over his head.  Knowing that this shirt was snug across his shoulders in a way that caught women’s eyes, he left his usual flannel shirt on the bed.  This Fairy chick liked to prey on good looking guys with brown hair who liked music?  Well, then, he’d advertise his love of music and stick himself out there as bait before his doofus brother decided to do the same thing.
“Gotcha.  Good job.”  When Maisie returned with his beer, Dean smiled at her and said, “Hey, this is our last round.  Bring the check when you get the chance, willya?”
“They don’t know how bad it is, do they?  You haven’t told your brother or Cas how bad it is,” she said, all of her excess energy now focused on him.  “I can see it in your aura. . . it’s all, like, jagged black and broken pieces.”
“The banana,” she answered.  “I’ve been sleeping.  This bed is much more comfortable than the one in the hospital and so far I have avoided any nightmares.”
“And we’re not talking about that,” Dean interrupted, quickly lifting his hand from Cas’s shoulder and looking to Sam for a way out of this conversation.
first chance we get.  Well, maybe not the prequels, ‘cause they mostly suck ass, but you gotta see the originals.”  Having Cas around would be a good excuse to remember to do things for fun every now and then, like they used to do back in the old days when they were just two brothers hunting monsters.
“Yeah, way to state the obvious there, Cas.” Dean wondered if they could back out slowly without drawing attention. No such luck.  A waitress, light sparkling around her like she was right out of goddamn
“Son of bitch, Fairies?”  Dean did not like the idea of dealing with Fairies again.[1]  They were nearly as awful as witches, and way more handsy.
“Trogen,” Cas said.  The dog looked directly at her then sat down, alert and attentive.  Dean had no idea what Cas was saying, even what language she was speaking, but the dog seemed to understand.  It made a sort of whiny “roo-roo” noise back at her, like this was the most messed up episode of
“It’s just a dance.  Even if this is a creepy ass Fairy bar, I doubt she guts people in the middle of the dance floor,” Dean assured her.
Cas chanted the Latin in a sort of monotone with a flourish at the end.  She had a nice voice, Dean noticed.  He idly wondered if she knew how to sing.
or green woman is not just a story humans made up.  There’s several different types of Fairies that were referred to as “green women.”  Some of them benevolent, some of them evil, but most of them somewhere in between, just like humans.”
“Maisie, you should come with me,” Cas said calmly.  “I can ward the hotel room against Fairies and keep you safe until this is all over.”
He left Sam and Cas at the kitchen table with a bottle of bourbon.  So that he wouldn’t be tempted to listen – or, inevitably, jump into the middle of it – he took a really long shower, letting the water pound on his shoulders and back.  After his shower, he found Sam sitting alone at the kitchen table, the bourbon bottle half empty.  Dean could tell he was shaken up.  “So?” he asked, taking the seat opposite his brother and pouring himself a shot.
The mural of Michael had sparked a memory.  When the angels were trying to convince him to say “yes” to Michael, Zachariah sent him to a future where Sam was possessed by Lucifer and everything had gone to hell in a handbasket.  On that crazy trip, he’d not only met his own Class A douchebag future self, he’d also met a future version of Cas.  That Cas was seriously messed up, drowning himself in drugs and sex because he wasn’t an angel anymore.  One conversation with that Cas came back to him loud and clear:
So he gave her exactly what he’d want to hear, if he was in her shoes.  “Cas, when we’re done with this job, when we move on to our next job, you’re coming with us.  You’re with us for as long as you want to be.  That’s why I insisted you and Sam get right with each other.”
Dean stood and shook the priest’s hand.  “Agent Peart, FBI.  No need to apologize, Father.  I would have had to ask you the same questions eventually anyway.”  Dean sat back down and Father Pederson took the other guest chair.  “I’m trying to get to the bottom of why Wendell Dinehart and Jason Erickson say they were attacked by a black dog with glowing blue eyes and fangs,” Dean explained.
Meanwhile, Cas had wandered outside to sit on the back patio.  Now was as good a time as any for Dean to stick her and Sam in a room together so she could apologize.
“Well, both victims are claiming that the dog that attacked them had glowing blue eyes and fangs.  If someone was playing a deliberate prank, it would help to know why they chose Saint Brigitta’s for their game.”
The only response was the rain drumming on the roof.  Cas was still there, but he was still and silent as a stone in the passenger seat, and I was sure I’d fucked up.  My chest hurt like I’d been kicked in the sternum.  Why the hell had I thought that Cas could possibly feel the same way?
The nurse looked at Dean with a pained expression and started to apologize for her patient, but Dean shut her down.  “Yes, I’m that Dean.”
While she was changing, Sam came out of the bedroom.  He’d clearly had the same “bait” idea that Dean did because he was wearing one of his nicer button-down shirts over his newest and cleanest jeans.  He glanced at Dean, then glanced at Cas’s clothes spread out all over the couch, then back at Dean.  “Hey, ya know, if you’d rather go out with just Cas tonight, I don’t mind staying and getting some research done,” Sam said, so deliberately casual that his casualness nearly smacked Dean in the face.  “You two can do reconnaissance just fine without me.  I don’t wanna get in the way.”
Sam shrugged. “I’m not great, not even in the neighborhood of great, but I’ll hold. I mean, this hunt was my idea. I wouldn’t have suggested it if I didn’t think I was up for it.”
The bartender arched the eyebrow with the rings.  “Yeah, sure, right,” she said in that way humans had of saying one thing when they clearly meant the opposite.  Castiel was deeply confused but she didn’t want to rebuff the bartender’s apparent friendliness.  Not when the specific reason they were at this pub tonight was to talk to people and get information.  “My name’s Maisie,” the woman volunteered.
Dean took the shot – it was completely fair – and weighed pressing his brother for more details. Watching Sam rub his fingers along his right temple, Dean decided against it. Sam’s whole body language said “headache” and poking at him more now would only get them into an argument, which wouldn’t help anything. He let Sam continue to work on the case until Cas came out of the bathroom. Then he cajoled Sam into the shower, knowing full well that hot water would relax his brother, making it easier to convince the idiot to unwind and get some sleep afterwards. Dean was more than willing to risk a lukewarm shower to help Sam get a full night’s rest.
“Oh, I learned every song on this tape.  Led Zeppelin is your favorite band.  It seemed a good place to start.”
“I’m sorry.  It took a little longer than I expected to put everything together.  Women’s clothing was very different the last time I had a female vessel.  Is this all right?” Cas asked.
“Dude, I hate to boost your ego, but a woman wanting to jump your bones isn’t exactly proof she’s a murderous Fairy,” Sam disagreed.
Another unintelligible exchange.  “Trogen knows what he is.  He understands what was done to him, inasmuch as a dog understands these things,” Cas explained.  “He is here, watching and protecting, because The Man asked him to.”  The capital letters in Cas’s explanation came through loud and clear.
been Fairies in Belchamp.  According to my grandpa, back in, like, the 1800s, five families came here from Scotland – the Ramseys, the MacPhersons, the MacNivens, the Drummonds and the Buchanans.  They used Fairy gold to buy the land to build Belchamp in return for a promise that Fairies would always be welcome here.  They kept that promise and made sure all their children and children’s children kept it too.  So there are Fairies, like, everywhere.  If someplace in town is safe for Fairies, it’s marked with a special sign, some sorta Fairy sign.  You look around.  You’ll see it, like, all over.”
“Belchamp, Illinois. Over the last four months, four men dead and completely drained of blood. Sounds like our kind of thing,” Sam said, showing off news reports on his laptop.
Maisie poked and prodded at the wound, which stung a little, but mostly felt profoundly uncomfortable because it reminded Castiel of being in the hospital.  “It’s really messy, but it doesn’t look too deep,” Maisie sighed in relief.  “Let’s wrap it and put pressure on it and see if that stops the blood.  Do you have a first aid kit somewhere?”
Sitting in the “Patient Services Area” with the small mound of paperwork the hospital required for them to take custody of their “cousin,” Sam had been tapping his pen against the table just long enough to get on Dean’s nerves.  “What?” Dean demanded.
“Little after six-thirty.  You’ve got some time yet if you wanna go back to your bed,” Dean responded.
“I started out thinking skinwalker in its shifted form,” Sam explained.  “But if it is, then it’s new to the area.  I couldn’t find any other animal attack stories anywhere around here, even though I searched back more than 50 years. I’m not sure that all the local papers are on line, though.  I’d like to hit the library and local newspaper office tomorrow.”
Cas stared closely at the flier.  “Some of it.  But this one symbol something else.  Something I can’t read.”
“Not to me,” she responded quietly.  “I don’t understand you, Dean.  How can you have such faith in me after what I’ve done?”
She reminded Sam of a very eager puppy.  “It’s great, Maisie.  Really great.  You can give us the keys and tell us where to look.  We’ll call you if we have any questions.”
Dean didn’t understand her distress but, bless him, he was trying. “Well, okay, so you must still have some grace, then, and it’s just taking a long time to grow back.  Wait long enough and you’ll be back to normal.  Isn’t that good?”
“I don’t remember any of this,” she said, sounding slightly baffled by all of it.  “It means nothing to me.”  She picked up a framed photo of Michelle standing next to a smiling man, holding a brightly-dressed toddler.  “I usually have access to a vessel’s memories but whoever Michelle Swanson was, she’s just . . . gone.”  She traced her fingers over the photo and then set it down.  “I hope she and her family are in Heaven together.  But I suppose I will never know.”
“I’d say it’s good to be back, but so far that’s not been the case,” Cas responded.  “It’s been confusing.  And uncomfortable.  Previously having a female vessel was not adequate preparation for the things human females have to go through once a month –“
“Most of it, I believe,” Cas responded.  She put the sandwich down, took a swig of the Gatorade and grimaced sharply at the taste.  “Is this supposed to be enjoyable?”
“What you ask, it’s terribly . . . complicated.  Being an angel was all I knew for eons.  The time I’ve been human is a mere raindrop compared to all that.”
Cas was sitting at the kitchen table, still wearing the trench coat like it was a security blanket, tapping in to last night’s leftover bourbon.  She had a glass poured for Dean before he sat down.  She’d seen Sam rubbing his forehead and pushing at the spot on his hand, and, no surprise, she’d figured out exactly what was going on.
Ponca was the most recent victim. His family was the one raising the stink. Dean skimmed over the Ponca family website. Pictures showed a clean-shaven guy with light brown skin, deep brown eyes and shoulder-length dark hair. He was some sort of teacher because the “in memorium” page was full of messages from students. The dude looked youngish to be teaching, maybe 25-26 at most, and every single picture showed him laughing or smiling a big goofy grin. He was good-looking, happy, with a whole life ahead of him. No wonder his family was shattered. They’d definitely want to talk to the Ponca family as soon as they could, before the real FBI showed up. Meanwhile, Sam had managed to dig up photos of the other victims. The killer definitely had a type: they were good-looking men in their 20s with dark hair. Well, they wouldn’t have to look far for bait, if it came to that.
The main door opened, hinges creaking, alerting them to Maisie’s arrival.  The bartender looked nervous and kept glancing over her shoulder.  They all sat down on one of the long benches in the foyer, Dean on one side of her, Cas on the other.  “Agent Blackmore, FBI,” he said, showing her the badge.  “You’ve met our consultant, Professor Glover.”
“If you’re dehydrated or hung over, it tastes great.  If you’re not, it’s awful,” Dean explained.  “So congratulations, you’ve survived your first hangover as a human.”
“This church grim, it’s just a ghost, right?” Dean asked.  “We figure out where they buried the dog, salt and burn and we should be good!”
Hwang look around, then reached into his breast pocket, pulled out a card, and slipped it to Dean.  “If you get stonewalled, I mean really stuck, that’s my number.  I’ll take your call and do what I can.”
That made her smile again.  In the soft light of the bar, Cas’s eyes were the same color as his favorite pair of jeans.  Dean knew he was doing that thing again where he let himself fall into the endless depths of those eyes, but he didn’t much care right now.  Sam wasn’t here to give him grief and Cas never seemed to complain about it.  In fact, he sometimes wondered exactly what was going through Cas's head at moments like this.
The weight of that trust was huge.  Dean chose his next words carefully.  “First, we can’t play this game where you keep things from me because you think it’s for my own good.  Or you tell me half the truth because you think I don’t need to know.  No more secrets.  No more hiding things.  From now on, we tell each other
This thing with college-age kids calling him sir was getting old real fast.  “Don’t sweat it, kid,” Dean responded.  He gave Josh another once-over as the kid finished laying out the food.  Tall and still working on filling out that height, with shaggy dark hair and blue eyes, he looked a little bit like Sam at the same age.  Just the killer’s type.  He wanted to say something – to tell the kid to be careful or stay away from the place – but he couldn’t risk letting whatever was out there know that they were on to its hunting habits.  Some days this job sucked.
“Well, we’ll make due.”  Maisie wrapped one of the clean wash clothes tightly around Castiel’s thumb.  “Damn, I really am sorry.”
“You’re a pretty understanding girlfriend, letting him dance with Fenella like that when she’s trying so hard to get into his pants.”  Castiel was surprised by an unfamiliar voice next to her ear.  She turned around to see a female bartender leaning across the bar and smiling at her.  The bartender was painfully young with short, curly, red hair, several gold rings in her right eyebrow and an ample sprinkling of freckles across her pale skin.  One of her eyes was blue and the other was green, a rare and fascinating mutation in the human genome, but not something associated with any monstrous creature that Castiel could recall.  Yet, the bartender did have the slightest gleam of power about her, a bare whisper compared to Fenella’s more intense Fairy aura.
The coffee shop was a nice, cozy Mom and Pop place, not one of the big chains.  This late in the afternoon it was practically empty, just two teenagers in the corner drinking something froofy with lots of unnecessary whipped cream on top.  Dean sat at the counter, ordered a simple black coffee and gave a considering eye to the last few remaining donuts sitting under glass.  The bell on the door jangled, and Dean looked up to see Sergeant Hwang come into the shop.  Hwang noticed Dean immediately.  He took the seat at the counter next to Dean and flagged down the owner for a black coffee for himself.
didn’t do anything wrong.   He was a drunken asshole who deserved what he got.  And besides, me in a fight against half a dozen or so drunk college boys?  I’d barely break a sweat.”
“Dean.  I meant to tell you eventually.  I didn’t want to add to your burdens and then there was never a right time,” Cas answered.  Even with just my peripheral vision I could tell he was tensing up for an argument.  All of that good feeling we’d just had was gone.  I hated that I made him do that.
Although Dean liked to play stupid when he could use it to his advantage – or when he was feeling lazy – he knew a lot of things.  He knew how to rebuild a car from the ground up, how to build an EMF detector from a Walkman, how to make a real meal for two growing boys from what you could buy at a truck stop, and how to gank just about any miserable thing that went bump in the night.  But normal people things like life insurance?  He had no idea.  Time was, he would have called Bobby for this sort of thing.  Garth, maybe?  Jody Mills?  Crazy Frank Devereux?  “I dunno, Cas.  But I’ll make some calls, okay?”
“Do you need me to give you a moment alone with the records?”  Sam asked his brother.  “Or can we, you know, work the case?”
“Your boyfriend? The smokin’ hot guy you came in with?  Had dinner with?” the bartender replied.  “The guy who nearly took the head off the asshole who smacked your ass at the pool table?”
“No, I haven’t.  But I was on vacation the week before the attack, so I can’t say that something didn’t move in to the area while I was away,” Ada answered.
When the song was over, I hit pause on the tape player. “You never told me you could sing, dude!  That was awesome!”  I caught his smile out of the corner of my eye and wished I could take my eyes off the road and take in the full brilliance of it.  I hoped he could see me smiling back.  “What other songs do you know?”
Michelle Swanson had a tidy little ranch house in the nearby town of Hanging Cloud, with a conveniently empty garage for stashing the piece of crap car.  Dean dumped their duffle bags and Sam set up his laptop on the kitchen table while Cas wandered aimlessly around the house, carefully examining the pictures and other personal items.
.  Why else did God bring me back from the dead – twice -- if not to keep on protecting you?”  Cas demanded, showing the first signs of something stronger than flat, leaden sadness.  Unfortunately, Dean recognized that something all too well.  It was the same kind of acidic self-loathing he’d felt for so much of his own life.  Before he could say anything, Cas continued, “It – it would have been better for everyone if I’d – if I’d stayed dead.  But here I am.  Wishing I were still dead and wondering what I should do about it.”  She finished off the contents of her glass without even reacting to it.
“I make you nervous?”  How could she possibly make this child nervous, Castiel wondered, when she herself was the next best thing to helpless?
“I do like animal videos and nature programs.  Sir David Attenborough has an exceptionally soothing voice. But watching nature shows isn’t going to help Sam.  Reading Ugaritic manuscripts might,” Cas said.
“No . . . . yes.  I don’t like being human.  I weep when I experience strong emotion, and I am experiencing far too many strong emotions,” she replied, making a visible effort to control whatever she was feeling.  Then she plunged on, speaking slightly too fast, as if the words had a force of their own.  “I never wanted to be a leader.  But when the Apocalypse didn’t happen and God didn’t return, the angels were scattered and lost.  They were desperate for someone to tell them what to do.  They kept asking
“Hey, hey, Maisie, you’re doing great.  We just need a little more,” Dean assured.  The girl nodded, giving him permission to go on.  “Okay, do you know where we can find this green lady?  Where she holes up?”
Well thank God for cock-blocking dogs, Dean chided himself, because realistically, that’s not how it would have gone at all.  As much as he prided himself on his kissing skills, Cas . . . Cas just would have been confused.  Or worse, angry.  But most likely confused.  He knew how hard she was struggling with human feelings.  He knew damn well that she was, if not actually still a virgin, then so damn close to one as made no difference.  How the hell could he even think of putting her in such an awkward position, especially when she had no one else to turn to in the whole goddamn world except him and Sam.  It would have been a dick move on his part and he fucking well should have known better than to even think about it.
.  Regardless of what meat suit Cas was wearing, there were hundreds of good reasons to keep it in his pants.  An angel, even a fallen one, deserved better than a broken mess like him.  Okay, there had been Anna, but that had been a foxhole “last night on earth” thing that he hadn’t expected to last.  If he actually started something with Cas it would be . . . well . . . not that.  And right there was another good reason to keep Cas safely at arms’ length – he couldn’t afford to have anyone else besides Sam inside his defenses, couldn’t allow himself to get too close to someone else who could be used against him.  So even though she smelled nice and even though his fingers had been stroking her hair for the last few minutes without consulting his brain first about whether that was okay, it was time to get back on the “personal space” train.  He had managed to keep his hands to himself just fine for more than two years now, even though original Cas had been way hotter (not that Dean would admit this anywhere except in his own head because Dad had made it very very clear that no son of his wanted to have sex with men and that was that).  He’d just keep on doing that.
“A great many things.  None of which are within your power to provide, unfortunately,” she said, her voice heavy with sadness.  “But I did as you asked and talked to Sam.”
A small white dog, pulling at a leash held by a tired man, barked sharply.  Moment broken, they stepped back, hands dropping to their sides, Dean refusing all of a sudden to look her in the eyes.
She turned a somber face to him.  “Dean, I’m not sure you should trust my judgment about, well, anything.  But . . . do we really need to kill the kyrkogrim?  It was only doing what it was made to do.”
The weird little snacks Barbara Ponca had given them had been tasty but not nearly enough food in Dean’s opinion, so they’d headed for a diner to fuel up properly and figure out their next move.  Sam had his head in the book they’d snagged from John Ponca’s bedroom while Cas was staring intensely at four different fliers from the Green Lady pub.
“Wow, there’s a lot of stuff out there on green women,” Sam noted, drawing them all back to the problem of the case.  “I mean, a lot of this is Victorian-era and probably nonsense, but I never would have found half of this stuff in so little time.”
“You said the goal is to drink until we are numb.  I would like to be numb as soon as possible, please.”
“Come on, Cas, get a move on!” Dean shouted from the living room as he adjusted his tie.  She was taking even longer than Sam and his ridiculous hair.
“Definitely all right,” Dean responded.  “But you’re missing something.”  He picked up a pile of khaki cloth from the couch and tossed it to Cas.  She unfurled her old trench coat.  Her smile was so broad that Dean thought her face would burst.  “I, uh, had it cleaned and everything.  It was stinkin’ up the trunk,” he explained.
She put down her dust rag, brushed her hands on her jeans, strode up to Dean and shook his hand with a purpose.  “I’m Ada Beach.  I take care of things around here,” she explained.  Despite the ample amount of gray threading through her long, straight black hair, she was a handsome woman with a grip like a pipe-fitter.  Dean liked her instantly.  She gestured for him to follow her into a small office off the main room.  “I already answered questions for the local police. But anything to help,” Ada said as she sat down behind an old, meticulously neat, desk.  She motioned for Dean to take a seat in one of the wooden guest chairs, also old, but well-maintained.
By the time he returned to the house, armed with coffee beans, dinner fixings and a couple of other necessities, Cas was showered, dressed and sitting at the kitchen table frowning at the laptop they’d bought for her.  At glance at the screen told him she was staring at blocks of text in a language he didn’t understand.  She seemed to be getting the hang of the computer research thing pretty well, all things considered.  “Whatcha readin’?” he asked as he stowed the groceries.
He kind of loved that she said “we.”  He had no doubt that if he did have to throw down in a stupid bar fight tonight, Cas would have been right there backing him up, and for some reason that made him happy.   “
“I should have been more careful.  I keep forgetting how fragile human bodies are.  I appreciate your assistance.”  She really was appreciative, but the humiliation of making a foolish mistake in front of the person she was supposed to be protecting stung even sharper than the wound.
The burger place was right next to a bar with a badly faded sign.  Clearly, the locals knew it was here and no one else mattered.  While the burgers were being grilled and the fries fried, Dean decided to grab a quick drink and talk to some of those locals.  Over a decent local beer, he flirted good-naturedly with a bartender old enough to be his mother.  He had to admit that he liked the banter for its own sake even when he wasn’t looking for action.  It felt like being a normal person.  From the bartender – her name was Joanne and Dean swore to himself he’d actually remember it, but knew he wouldn’t – he learned yet another version of the haunting of Saint Brigitta’s Church.  It was the usual “Indian burial ground” story that cropped up all over the Midwest but was almost never true.  They would check up on it all the same.
Finally, almost clutching at straws, Dean asked, “Would I be able to look over the church’s records?  They might shed some light on why a place like this was targeted for a prank attack.”  A skinwalker seemed more and more unlikely.  Maybe some disgruntled past employee or parishioner had summoned something?  Or a cursed object?
I was done being safe.  Here, at the end of everything, with God as our enemy, I was finally done playing it safe.
“Agent Peart, FBI.  I’m here to ask some questions about the accident that happened here about two weeks ago – the college kids that were hurt when they tried to steal something from the church,” Dean replied, flashing his fake FBI badge.
“This is a spring night in Minnesota, Agent Peart,” Ada said with a laugh.  She was wearing a light wool jacket but barely seemed cold at all.
“There’s a Mom and Pop burger place a couple of blocks away that carries veggie burgers.  Get me the black bean burger with a side salad, okay?  And I really mean black bean burger.  I can tell the difference.”
I laughed then because there was nothing else I could do, not with all that tension dissolving into relief and joy and yeah, a whole lot of lust that I could finally admit somewhere other than in my own head.  Cas caught it too, and we sat there and laughed together like idiots until I leaned in, threading my hand in his hair, and kissed him the way he deserved to be kissed.  There was nothing chaste about it.  I stopped only when my lungs, damn them, insisted that I had to breathe if I wanted to keep kissing him.  I fumbled with my seat belt with the hand that wasn’t holding Cas.  “Back seat, now.”
Dean looked around more closely as they waited for their meals.  There were fewer Fairies here than it had seemed on first glance but still more than he’d ever seen in one place.  Most of them were clustered around the bar.  Trying to separate them was like trying to pick out one light on a Christmas tree from across a football field.  “You notice whether anyone is sparkling more than anyone else?” he asked.
Sam followed up before Cas could object.  “You can’t keep hiding from the world because you feel guilty.  I tried.  It doesn’t help.”
The woman who claimed to be Castiel sat on the edge of the hospital bed, hands folded serenely in her lap.  If she wasn’t actually Cas – something Dean was still trying to fit his head around -- she had Cas’s mannerisms and physical quirks down perfectly.  The stillness that was so complete it was sort of creepy, as if she weren’t used to making casual, unconscious movements or even having physical body at all.  The head tilt.  The intense way she locked those blue eyes onto Dean as if he were the most important thing in the room.  Even the voice was almost right – only instead of Cas’s bass growl, she sounded like Lauren Bacall asking Bogie if he knew how to whistle.
“No,” Ada said.  “No, I don’t want to reprogram it or trap it or anything like that.  I want to let it free.  Let it rest.  No one ever should have asked it to do this.”
As he started to stand up, Cas stopped him with a question.  “Dean, what happens after you and Sam finish with this case?”
Cas was sitting on the bed, arms wrapped around her legs, head on her knees.  She looked very painfully human.  When she raised her head, Dean wasn’t surprised to see that her eyes were red and puffy.  She gestured for him to come in.  He sat at the end of the bed.  “You need anything?” he asked.
Stefanie looked confused but answered the question anyway. “Uh, no?  Why would he?  Our families are Russian and Ukrainian, no Irish.”
When he’d read in the files that Stefanie Zielinski taught college math, Dean hadn’t expected a petite, curvy, white brunette with a sweet face and round wire-rimmed “sexy librarian” glasses.  He’d have paid a lot more attention in math if any of his math teachers had looked like her.  Her office was barely bigger than the Impala.  Fortunately, the other professor who shared the space immediately cleared out as soon as the brothers said “FBI,” leaving them enough room to have a very cramped, but private, conversation.  Stefanie started weeping softly before they even finished the first question. “We were getting married,” she said, pressing a rumpled embroidered handkerchief to her face between her words.  “We were supposed to get married over next year's winter break.”
“Shit, I bet,” Maisie responded.  “You’re not gonna – you’re not gonna, like, smite us with God’s wrath or anything?”
They all jumped when Barbara Ponca said, “John was very proud of his collection.  I’m happy to see someone appreciating them the way he did.”  She stood at the interior door between John’s living room and the main house.  “The coffee is ready.  Or do you need a few more minutes?”
It made a weird sort of sense.  It was just the sort of shit God would throw at him, to make him have to choose between Cas and Sam.  He’d already lost so damn much.  No Lisa, no Ben, no normal life.  No Ellen to yell at him for not calling.  No Jo to be the bratty little sister he never wanted.  No more cranky Bobby to grouch at him and love him the way he’d always wanted his father to love him.
Cas’s mention of compulsion made Sam uneasy.  He had enough problems with his brain without letting some weird Fairy get inside it.  “Any ideas on how we combat her powers?”
“Oh, more than enough.”  She shot a cold, appraising glance at Cas.  “You don’t mind if I steal him?”
,” Dean explained.  As he piled the dinner dishes in the sink, a thought struck him.  “Sammy, we have
Sam slid his chair over closer to Cas.  “Can you go over the terms of the ritual with me while we have the book here in front of us?  Talk me through the translation?”
She looked him in the eye now, plainly, frankly, dropping the Fairy glamour for just a moment.  Dean thought she was still lovely without all that.  Her large gray eyes were wary and sad.  “That’s not a thing you should be asking.  I’d hate to see a beautiful lad like you end up bloodless under a cairn by the river.  Go home, hunter, and leave it be,” she answered.
They checked the body for obvious needle marks and found nothing, but there were all sorts of places the guy could have been injected without leaving a visible trace.  “What would make a guy sit there peacefully while his throat and his thighs were sliced and he was drained dry?” Sam mused.
“Aren’t you the clever one?  And so stalwart.  She’s a lucky one, your girlfriend,” Fenella said with a glance over her shoulder at Cas.
“No,” Sam and Dean said together.  Dean was honestly surprised that Sam was agreeing with him, but he’d take it.  “You need to get out and interact with people who aren’t just me and Sam,” Dean added.
She let him drink his entire beer in peace.  But the silence was awkward and he needed to fill it with something.  “Well, so much for blending in.”
Ada sat back in her chair and folded her arms over her chest, frowning.  “You’re right, that’s crazy.”
“So we’ll go.  Hit this place again tomorrow night, maybe with some more lore under our belts,” Dean said.
Ada shook her head.  “After the boys were attacked, the local police put out bulletins trying to find anyone who owned a large black dog so that it could be tested for rabies.  I think every German Shepherd, Doberman and Rottweiler in the county was checked.  As far as I know, they never identified the dog that bit them.  Everyone assumes it was a stray that has since moved on.”
Dean sipped his drink, savoring the smokiness and the burn.  It was particularly good scotch – not surprising, given that it was nearly old enough to drink in most states.  He contemplated saving a shot for Sam but decided brotherly love didn’t extend that far.  Maybe Cas would appreciate it as much as he did.  Rather than sipping, though, she downed the entire glass in one gulp, visibly flinching and grimacing, then held out the glass for more.
One of the things that Dean had discovered during his year with Lisa and Ben was that he enjoyed cooking, especially when he had an actual kitchen and the right ingredients.  Just like working on a car, it let him sort of focus and zone out at the same time, which was relaxing.  Cas watched the whole process of heating up pasta, sauce and meatballs with real fascination, while Sam recapped all the ideas he’d chased down at the newspaper office and the library, all of which had turned out to be dead ends.
At first, Castiel did nothing but watch the blood well up.  Dean said she had to remember to listen to the messages her body sent her about her physical condition, but pain was surprisingly difficult to assess.  On top of its essential unpleasantness, pain felt wrong and strange and vaguely embarrassing.  As a thin line of blood began to roll down her hand, Castiel glanced over her shoulder at Maisie, who was sprawled over the suite’s couch in a tangle of brightly-dressed limbs, taking up far more space than seemed natural for a slight young woman.  There was really nothing for it but to ask the only human in range.
“Maisie got just a glimpse, sideways, like watching a solar eclipse through a filter, not enough to hurt her.  Just enough to frighten her and upset me.  I look human.  I feel . . . very human.   But I’m not, not truly.”
“Probably couldn’t back when he was an angel,” Dean noted.  “But now he’s human and carrying around a truck load of guilt and regret and feeling every damn bit of it.  It’s pretty fucked up, even for us.”  He drained his glass.  Not as good as last night’s scotch, but still pretty damn good.  He poured himself another and offered the bottle to Sam, who waved it off.  “Cas scared the shit out of me last night when she said she wished she were still dead.”
Spring was fully here.  Even with this limited human body, she could smell the damp grass and the blooming trees in the night air.  She spread her arms a little and leaned her head back, letting a breeze ripple her coat, breathing in deeply, wishing she could taste even a fraction of the things she used to be able to experience.  She should have appreciated those angelic senses more when she had them.  Dean lounged against the hood of the car, waiting for her to sort out her thoughts.   She chose the problem nearest to the surface.  “I’m not human.”
Worse yet, alone in the deep, quiet parts of night, she couldn’t escape her own memories.  Despite all of the things she no longer had, her perfect angelic memory remained relentlessly intact.  She could recall in exquisite detail every horrible choice and every horrible deed.  Betraying the angels who’d believed in her.  Deceiving and betraying the only true friends she’d ever had.  At night, those memories were as strong as if they were happening right now.
“Hey, she hangs that sweet ass out there, it’s gonna get slapped,” the drunken asshole protested, as if that were some kind of excuse.
Dean bounced the drunken asshole’s head against the pool table again for emphasis.  “Apology or E.R.?  What’s it gonna be?”
“It seem awfully soon.  She just got out of the hospital yesterday.  And how do you even know that Cas wants to help out on a hunt?” Sam asked.
“It’s that stone from Scotland I was talking about.  It has some of the most specific references to dealings with
He wanted to give her a smart ass response, to tell her to stop blowing smoke up his ass.  But Cas didn’t blow smoke.  No matter how wrong she was – and Dean could name a dozen reasons off the top of his head why she was wrong about him – she believed what she was saying.  “Cas, you shouldn’t --” he protested.
Castiel spent the drive back to the hotel lost in her thoughts.  When the car stopped, she had her seatbelt unbuckled before she realized they weren’t parked at the hotel at all, but at the end of a road overlooking a wooded park.  “Dean?” she asked, not understanding.
Keeping it equally casual, Dean responded, “I was surprised to find a fresh pot at nearly four in the afternoon, but I’m sure not complaining.”
Dean threw himself into the shower the moment they got back to the hotel, eager to get the feeling of Fairy glamour off of his skin.  Cranking the water up to scalding, he scrubbed at the places where the creepy sex Fairy chick had touched him.  He only wished he could blame Fairies for everything that was freaking him out right now.
.”  He said “this” as if the car were something slimy stuck to the bottom of his shoe.  No, he had more patience with slimy things on his shoes.  Then, feeling a little apologetic for laughing at Cas’s makeshift wardrobe, he opened the back driver’s side door for her with an exaggerated flourish.  “Your ugly chariot awaits, milady.”  He didn’t even have to see Sam to know that his brother rolled his eyes.
Dean stood up and began to pace around the kitchen.  “Why the hell didn’t you come to me?  Didn’t you talk to me?  I would have had your back no matter what.  We would have stopped those winged assmonkeys all over again.  Together.”  He wasn’t drunk by any means, but drinking had relaxed him just enough to be able to dig down to the biggest reason why he was angry and pull it up to the light.  “Why the hell didn’t you trust
“Not for nothing, Cas, but that look worked better when you were able to kick my ass,” Dean responded.  He’d decided that, despite Sam’s misgivings, getting Cas back counted as a win, even if they had a long hard road ahead before things were going to be okay between them, and he wasn’t going to let anything spoil his good mood.  Chances were something horrible would happen tomorrow anyway.
Cas knew when she was outflanked.  “Fine,” she said, clearly not at all fine with the decision being made for her.
Sam had only reluctantly bought in to Dean’s crazy idea to drag a powerless Cas along on hunts with them, but he had to admit that she was proving useful on this job.  She’d done an impressive analysis of all of the various strains of Fairy lore and presented it to them with all the earnestness of a junior high schooler at her first debate club meeting.
“I keep telling you that’s not my name,” the woman insisted.  “This is Dean.  The one I’ve been trying to contact since I woke up.”
After a moment, she unclenched her hands and looked at each of them.  “Where are my manners?  Can I get you anything?  Coffee?  Tea?”
?  It wasn’t like Cas was going anywhere.  She had nowhere to go.  He didn’t want her to go anywhere.  But then it would be like a relationship and he had no idea how to do relationships, not without fucking things up beyond repair, like he’d done with Lisa.  After Lisa, he’d sworn he’d never be weak like that again.  He’d sworn he would never allow himself to wound anyone like that again.  He was good enough for one night wonders, but not for afters.  He was not safe for everyday use.  Cas, newly human and still mostly broken, was the last person who needed Dean Winchester’s own particular brand of toxic relationship fuckery in her life, not when they were just getting back to being good again, to being friends again.
“Ma’am, I am an FBI agent, not a member of the public,” Dean responded, flashing his badge again.  “I am fully aware of the Homeland Security directive and it doesn’t apply to requests from other federal agencies.”
“I’m sorry.  I’ve made you uncomfortable,” she interrupted.  The sadness was back.  “You should go get some sleep.”  He knew a dismissal when he heard one.
Ada was in her carefully neat office, working on her computer, half-full cup of coffee cooling on a coaster.  “Agent Peart, did you find what you were looking for?” she asked.
Dean chuckled and shook his head. “I’ve been worrying about you since I was four years old. I’m not gonna stop now and you know that.”
Dean already knew the police had not identified the dog.  They hadn’t even found evidence of dog footprints at the scene.  But he wanted to get her talking and easing in with questions about the dog was the fastest way.  “Have you ever seen a stray dog running around the church property?”
The bartender was a young white woman with brilliant red hair, a couple of eyebrow rings and mismatched eyes.  He didn’t even try to see if she had the spark of Fairy about her, just ordered the beers and tried to think pure thoughts.  Powerless or not, Cas was still an angel.  Thousands – millions? – of years older than him.  How could she ever be interested in him, an ordinary human?  More importantly, Cas was his best friend.  You don’t fuck your best friend if you want to keep your best friend, he reminded himself.  After even just three weeks of having Cas around all the time, he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he wanted Cas to stay around more than anything he’d wanted in a long time.
One entire wall of bookshelves was devoted to church records.  After Ada pointed out the ones in English, Dean sat down at the wobbly library table and began skimming through them, looking for anything that might be unusual.  The records confirmed that Ada had worked here for nearly 30 years without any attacks or incidents, so she was unlikely to be a skinwalker, which made Dean happy because she seemed like a solid lady.  Father Pederson had been here for 15 years, also no attacks or weirdness during that time.  The priests before him seemed equally steady and dull with no recorded complaints other than too much fondness for the bottle.  It was slow and tedious work.  Dean found his thoughts drifting as he ran through page after page of marriages, christenings, deaths and other mundane details.
“And last and most importantly, you need to take care of your damn self.  You need to eat and sleep and do all the things that humans have to do,” Dean said.
Meanwhile, Dean had started questioning Barbara Ponca, putting on his best “professional but gentle” demeanor.  “We’ve seen the family website, ma’am.  What makes you think that your son was the victim of a serial killer?”
“I wish . . .  I wish you’d been able to tell me.  I don’t want us to be like that anymore.  I want you to feel like you can trust me not to fly off the handle.  I want us to be better, to be, like, I dunno, partners.”  I sounded awkward.  I felt worse, like a drowning man flailing around for something to grab on to.
Armed with groceries, two real bacon cheeseburgers, Sam’s ridiculous black bean thing that claimed to be a burger (but definitely wasn’t), plus some fries and Sam’s salad, Dean headed back to the house.  He’d also grabbed a few things he thought Cas should try now that she was human and might be able to taste food.  He’d certainly bought more than they needed, but they were doing okay on money for the moment and food was one of the sure-fire ways he knew to take care of people.
“You and me both, but I’m outta good ideas.  Hell, I’m outta bad ideas.”  Dean scanned the counters for his coffee mug from earlier, couldn’t find it, so gave up and grabbed a new one from the cabinet.  “Hey, I don’t suppose any of your old angel buddies –“
“So, ah, uh, I was gonna take Baby out to stretch her legs a bit.  Thought you might want to come along.”  I sounded like a dope.  I knew Cas wouldn’t care, but that didn’t help my confidence any.
“Wow, I guess that question was a lot harder than I thought,” Maisie said, interrupting Castiel’s immersion into her own thoughts.
“You know, I begged God for guidance,” she continued.  “Begged.  He never answered.  I don’t know why I thought He would.”
Much to Castiel’s surprise, Maisie did not immediately jump to more questions.  Instead, the young bartender sat quietly for several minutes.  “Hey, Cas,” Maisie said, suddenly soft-spoken and shy-seeming.  “Uh, I may talk a lot – like way too much most of the time – but I’m pretty good at listening too.  I am a bartender, after all.  Ya know, if you want to talk to somebody about all this human stuff.”  She gestured vaguely around the room and offered a dimmed smile.
Dean sat down in her guest chair and leaned his arms on the edge of her desk. “I’m going to tell you some things that sound crazy, but I want you to hear me out before you decide.”  Ada stopped typing and nodded.  She looked uneasy.  What he was about to say wasn’t going to make it any better.
like that asshole.  Lucifer is completely sure he is right.  He doesn’t care about redemption or being forgiven or fixing things.  He wouldn’t give a crap about what two human hunters think of him and he sure as shit wouldn’t stay up to all hours of the morning trying to find a way to fix Sam’s head.  You do.”
He dropped three full plates on the table along with three bottles of beer and insisted that they eat before they talked about the case anymore.  Dean was on his second helping before he was able to get Cas to stop asking questions about the food and actually eat it, but at least she ate something like what a person should eat.  Even Sam went back for seconds.  Sitting there at a real kitchen table, in a house, not a crappy motel, eating home-cooked food, Dean felt the familiar pang of missing Lisa.  And Ben.  And Bobby.  But he had Sam and now they had Cas and there was a comfort in that, he thought.  Let Sam worry that things had come together all too conveniently.  Dean was going to ride this good feeling for as long as he could.
The waitress led them to table.  The sway in her hips should have had Dean horny as hell but instead made him feel dirty in a bad way, like a thousand ants were crawling over his skin.  He sat down, taking the chair that put his back to the wall, Cas and Sam flanking him, and tried not to flinch as he took the menus from the Fairy waitress’s hands.  “I’m Fenella and I’ll be serving you tonight,” she said with a wink at Dean.  “Take a look at the menus and I’ll be back in a trice for your drink orders.”
“Why don’t you drop me off back at the hotel before you go speak to the police so that I can get started on some research?”  Cas suggested.
“Oh shit, Cas,” Dean instantly began apologizing.  He should never have done it.  Sam really wasn’t wrong about him being a sucker for damsels in distress.  “You were crying and . . . look, if I overstepped, I didn’t mean --”
Work and real life and 2020 being 2020 derailed me for a bit but I'm able to write again and there will be more chapters coming.  Thank you for your patience.
As he escorted them down the hallway, Dean tried to strike up a conversation.  “Your boss always so charming to visitors?”
Castiel nodded.  Maisie handed her a glass of ginger ale over ice then smiled at Dean, who had taken up his seat again.  Fenella had veered off, seeking other partners. “Another beer?” Maisie asked.
“Bobby’s dead.  He’s been dead for months.”  Dean was impressed with himself that he could say it straight out without his voice breaking.
Dean sprawled out over the half of the bed she wasn’t using and sighed in contentment.  Oh yeah, this was so much better than the couch.  It took him no time at all to fall asleep.
“Cas, is it really you?”  Dean asked, taking the guest chair across from the bed.  He honestly wasn’t sure what he wanted the answer to be.  “I saw you die – the Leviathans . . . :”
Ada added, “But you should know that all the records from 1841 through about 1890 are in Swedish.  Most of the original white settlers around here did not speak English.”
“I need someone who reads Swedish in case there’s something in the church records that helps and Cas needs something to do, so unless you’ve been holding out on me about your Swedish Rosetta Stone subscription, I’m taking her on a field trip.  What’s the big deal?”
Ada stepped up right to the edge of the glowing sigil then extended a hand as if she were letting the dog sniff her.  “Trogen.  Trogen, you good boy, it’s time to rest.  Your work is over.  You can go.”  The dog laid its huge head against Ada’s palm.  Then, slowly, very slowly, the dog faded away, leaving the afterimage of its electric blue eyes, then even that was gone.  Only the stink of the flowers and woods Sam had burned remained.
“This is all my fault,” Cas said.  Broken, Dean thought, she sounded broken.  He glanced quickly at Sam, who clearly had no idea what to say either.
Ada explained, “They may not be fancy, but they are silver antiques bought over from Sweden by the white settlers.  They are some of the most valuable things that this parish owns.  It would have been a huge loss both monetarily and sentimentally if we had lost them.”
The donut was as excellent as the coffee.  As he ate, Dean watched Hwang turning his coffee mug in little half circles in his hands, the cop’s own tightly controlled version of the fidgeting that Maisie had displayed only a few hours earlier.  “Somethin’ on your mind, Sergeant?”
“Before everything went wrong, I was a good angel,” Cas continued.  “I didn’t lead a strike force into Hell because I was expendable.  I was chosen because I was very good at my job.  I knew what I was supposed to do and I did it in the most effective way possible and I was content.  But now?  Now I can’t seem to get anything right.  I can’t help you and I can’t fix Sam and I can’t even sleep properly.  There are all of these rules and unspoken things I’m supposed to know, but I don’t, so I keep making mistakes like I did this morning.  It’s frustrating and exhausting and I hate it.”
“My brother and I would love to save you a dance or two,” Dean answered, forcing himself to slap on his flirting smile.
Ada rotated her mug over and over, watching the dark liquid eddy.  “Has it been aware all this time?  Does it know what they did to it?”
Sam was deep in the archives of the local library and not coming up for air any time soon, so Dean’s next stop was the scene of the crime.  Saint Brigitta’s Church was on a side street off the main drag of Wabanquot, surrounded by a wrought-iron fence and a surprisingly large graveyard, with a nicely-tended garden that was just starting to bloom in the chilly Minnesota spring.  The iron fence around the property displayed a sign proudly proclaiming the church to be on some historic register.  The building’s cornerstone read 1841.
“Well, my brother went home with a headache, so you’ve just got me.  Hope I’m enough,” he answered, flirting by rote, trying to suppress his shudder at the thought of touching her.
Dean leaned back in the kitchen chair.  He desperately wanted a beer and a shower to get rid of the lingering stink of hospital.  “Sounds like research time for you, Sammy,” he said.  “I’m going to get out of the monkey suit and go pick up some food, see if I can get some local papers and gossip while I’m out.  You find any place that does take out?”
She’d raided Michelle Swanson’s closet for black pants, a white dress shirt and a bright blue blazer.  Her long hair was back in a neat braid.  She looked professional and a little nerdy, which was perfect.
After the pie, the three of them sat for a while enjoying the beer and rambling conversation, still keeping half an eye on the growing crowd of people (and even more Fairies) populating the pub.  Whenever no one else was within earshot, they started throwing around ideas about how to pick out one particular Fairy from so many, but kept coming up empty.  So they waited and watched, paying attention to which Fairy women paid the most attention to humans.  Problem was, other than Fenella and one or two of the men, most of the Fairies kept to themselves, clumping together around the bar in small groups of their own kind.  Dean was just about to suggest that they move to the pool table and try to stir up some attention when he noticed that Sam had a deep frown line etched between his eyebrows and was pressing his thumb into the scar on his hand.  He knew what that meant.  “All right, let’s bail.  We’ll try again tomorrow night,” Dean said.
No one seemed to be paying much attention to their conversation, but in an excess of caution Castiel leaned a little over the bar to be able to talk to Maisie more quietly. “How did you know?” Castiel asked.
“Lance that boil?  Your talent for evocative imagery remains intact,” Cas responded with something like the dry humor Dean remembered.
Cas was quiet for a while, staying focused on what she was reading.  When the coffee maker signaled the new pot, Dean poured fresh coffee over the dregs in her mug and filled a new mug for himself.  He’d taught her to drink it black like he did – all the better to heat up later when you let it get cold and easier to clean off your shirt when you spilled it while driving.
“Wait, what about me?  If anyone finds out I spilled the beans, I’m dead meat,” Maisie protested, rising to her feet.
“I remember sending the souls back to Purgatory.  I remember telling you that I would atone for what I’d done . . . then lost control of my vessel, and there was only a horrible slimy blackness surrounding me, swallowing me, suffocating me.”  She paused, fishing for words.  The average person would have fidgeted or wrung her hands.  She was simply still.  “After the dark, the next thing I recall is waking up here, in this body, in this hospital, three weeks ago.  Because I didn’t know how to find you or Sam, I looked up Singer Salvage Yard and I left messages at Bobby’s voice mail explaining all of this.  You must have gotten my messages, or else why are you here?”
Sam’s face said he wanted to give Dean a hard time about being hung over, which he actually wasn’t this time, it was just the damn reek of the hospital.  Instead, Sam replied to his question with a prissy “no thank you,” while the kid asked for a bottle of water.
“I’ve known a few.  Killed a few too.”  He was done with giving away more than he was getting from her.
“You got a car?” Dean asked.  Maisie nodded.  “Good,” he said.  “I’ll grab a cab to the town offices and then meet up with Sam on his way back from Elgin.”
After a trip out to this week’s stolen piece of crap car for supplies – Dean missed his Baby with a physical ache in his chest – Dean dumped holy water and Borax on Probably-Cas’s arm and watched absolutely nothing happen.  Sam sliced her leg with a silver knife in a spot that was mostly covered by her hospital pajamas and got no reaction other than honest, red blood.  That Probably-Cas winced and grunted in pain at the wound spoke volumes about how human she was now.  As an angel, Cas had taken worse damage without batting an eyelash.
Sam raised his hands in a gesture of reluctant surrender just in time for Cas to emerge from the bathroom.  She looked great, Dean thought.  The jeans hugged her in all the right places, the shirt made her eyes even bluer, and her long coppery-brown hair was released from its braid, lying loose and wavy halfway down her back, making him wonder how all that soft hair would feel splayed over his chest.  So yeah, he stared a little, but she was stare-worthy.
“Working on that.  Wendell talked about a white lady in an old-fashioned dress who wanders around the church graveyard, but some of the nurses at the hospital said that St. Brigitta’s is haunted by a priest who committed suicide. Or possibly a nun.  No one’s clear on that.  And none of the stories have anything to do with dogs.  I’ve got to dig into more of the local history.”
Sam shook his head and rubbed two fingers against the throbbing spot at his temple.  “It’s too dangerous,” he protested.  He did not want to bring this bright, over-eager girl into what might be a violent confrontation.  He shut his eyes against sudden vivid flares of memory of all the people he’d watched die over the years, amplified by the echo of Lucifer’s mocking laughter about all the people he hadn’t saved.  All the people he’d been responsible for killing.
Maisie nodded.  “All creepy goat legs and everything.  She calls herself Táethen.  I dunno if it’s her real name.  True Names have power in Fairy, but anyway, that’s what she calls herself.  At first, she wasn’t bad at all, she just liked to sit and listen to the music and dance.  But about five months ago, something changed.  Táethen started talking about wanting ‘her due’ and ‘what she was owed.’  And then . . . you know what started happening then.”  Her voice caught and she swallowed hard.
Dean was all smiles as he strolled into the room carrying a small paper bag with a store logo, Sam a few steps behind him looking weary from the drive.  “I brought donuts!” Dean declared as he waved the bag triumphantly.  The marks on the door frame caught the corner of his eye.  “Oh hey, you did arts and crafts!  Nice!”
Ada was resolute.  “I don’t care.  This isn’t the frontier any more.  We’re a suburban church in Minnesota in 2012.  We don’t need this kind of protection.  Let the poor thing go.”
Dean pried Cas out of the bedroom by sheer stubbornness.  He triumphantly presented her with a bacon cheeseburger, fries and some boot-legged Canadian Coca-Cola made with actual sugar in an honest-to-God glass bottle.  She made the effort to thank him, but her heart clearly wasn’t in it.  She drank the Coke, nibbled some fries and ate only half the burger before making quiet excuses and retreating back to the master bedroom.  Dean considered going after her but decided that Sam and the hunt took priority.  For now.
“Cas,” I said again, screwing up all my courage because I was Dean fucking Winchester and I shouldn’t be scared.  Not even of this.  “Cas, I got something more to say.  And I shoulda said it sooner, before you made this damn deal, but I’m saying it now, and hoping that there’s still enough bad shit bearing down on us that it makes you happy but not that happy and . . . . oh for fuck’s sake, I’m no good at this.”
going to fuck up his relationship with his best friend.  Sex he could get anywhere with a little effort.  A friend who knew just about every awful thing about him and didn’t care?  That was the goddamn Holy Grail.  So he’d go right on squashing any of those thoughts, regardless of what meat suit Cas was wearing today.
While he was waiting for Sam and Cas to finish eating, Dean filled the time with the information he’d gotten from Jason and the trip to the church.  At the end of his recap, Cas was frowning in thought.
“Slaps on the wrist from the university, as far as I know.  But none of them were ever hurt.  I’ve worked here for 30 years and in all that time no one’s ever been hurt or attacked on this property, not until this last time,” Ada insisted.  She seemed personally offended by the disruption.
She cut him off sharply.  “I don’t have any more ‘old angel buddies.’  I killed most of them.  If you really want to talk to Heaven about helping Sam, I’m of no use to you.  No one in Heaven answers when I call, remember?”
The Green Lady was in housed a big building that had probably once been a mill of some kind, all old brick and tall windows, decorated now with clever paintings of Celtic knotwork around the window and door frames.  The first thing Dean noticed when they stepped inside was the aroma of burgers and beer, a combination near and dear to his heart.  The second thing he noticed was that the sound system was playing Led Zeppelin’s
“Let me check the lore on church grims, just in case there’s something special about them or some specific thing we need to put them down,” Sam added eagerly, his fingers flying over laptop keys.
That bothered him even more.  “Did John ever talk to you about a pub named the Green Lady?” Sam followed up.  He slid one of the fliers across the coffee table.
Dean realized abruptly that they were doing that thing again where they just stared at each other for way too long.  “So, uh, yeah, I should let you get some sleep,” he said, feeling suddenly awkward.
“I’m angry.  I’m going to be angry as long as I keep getting flashes of Hell every time I’m not completely focused on something else,” Sam explained.  “But I’m also tired of being angry all the time.  So what I’m saying is I don’t hate Cas, and I’m working my way around to forgiving her.”
you?” Maisie gasped.  Her mismatched eyes had been friendly a moment ago but now showed tangible fear.  “When I saw you, I thought you were like me but you’re not – what the hell are you?!”  Then, more quietly, terror distinct in her face and voice, she asked, “Are you a demon?”
Her body informed her of its need to use the toilet and she sighed in frustration.  Perhaps getting out of the bed was for the best, though.  She could take a walk around the back yard then sit outside for a time and look at the stars, which always seemed to settle her.  If she were very lucky, Dean might still be awake.  She’d never wake him up for company, but if he were also awake and struggling to sleep, well, then he might appreciate companionship too.  If he were in a good enough mood, she might even convince him to show her one of the television shows or movies he loved.  Watching Dean react to a story was often better than watching the story itself.
Fenella’s pout wasn’t pretty at all.  But the itchy feeling on his shoulder went away and the vague nausea in his stomach settled.  “You can’t blame a girl for trying,” she said.
“If the lore’s correct, it may make you immune to Fairy glamour.  It will certainly make you less than attractive to them,” Cas agreed.  “It might even make you toxic to a Fairy, although I’m not sure that inviting one to try to consume you is our best strategy,” she added dryly, with a side-eye at Dean.[2]
Maisie looked around again, more wary this time.  The slow song had come to its natural end and couples were starting to leave the dance floor.  Dean was on his way back to the bar with Fenella trailing close behind.  “Not now, not here,” Maisie said quickly, nearly whispering.  “I’ll meet you tomorrow at noon at Holy Cross, the church on Dalton Street.  That’s holy ground.  We should be safe talking there.”
“Yeah, uh, wow. Just wow. That’s more money than I think Dean and I have seen in our whole lives,” Sam added. “You could do just about anything you want.”
Maisie had no such restraint.  What she had instead was a seemingly endless well of questions.  Questions about Heaven.  Questions about angels.  Questions about monsters.  Questions about how Castiel knew Dean and Sam.
A few minutes later, I was singing along with ‘Zep.  A few minutes after that I nearly swallowed my own tongue when I realized that Cas was singing along too, belting out the lyrics to
Dean turned around just in time to see a sloppy drunk white man with the shaggy, smug look of a college frat boy slap Cas on the ass while she was setting up a shot.  “Get a move on, honey buns, we’re waitin’ ta play,” the guy slurred.
Over some Chinese take-out, they dug in and researched the case. Sam worked his geek magic on the Belchamp police database and made it spit out the names of the four victims: David Boddicker, Matthew Stupak, Shawn Nesbitt and John Ponca. Their bodies had all been found in the park system along the river under piles of rocks. They’d all been fully clothed, wallets still full of money and credit cards, but not a drop of blood in their veins.
Dean smiled.  His two favorite nerds, heads down over a book, working together.  “You two do your book thing.  I’ve got an idea.”
Dean chuckled.  “No one’s going to give me grief about having a coffee and donut on the locals, don’t worry.”
“Because, when push came to shove, you were willing to get blown up by an archangel – twice – to back my Hail Mary plays.  Because I’ve lost too many friends to give on the ones I’ve got left.”
like . . . well, like a fucking angel, that’s what.  Honestly, the whole thing was perfect and I almost didn’t want to say what I’d dragged him out here to say because I was happy, and dammit I deserve a little happiness.  So does Cas.
After a few minutes of kneeling beside the couch, listening to the deep steady breathing that told her Dean was sleeping peacefully, Castiel felt her joints begin to object.  This was new too, these physical aches and pains from doing things that had once been effortless, and it was profoundly unwelcome.  Despite the discomfort, she was reluctant to leave.  Better sitting here, watching over Dean, than spending more stubbornly wakeful hours in bed.  She settled into a more comfortable sitting position against the couch.  She would wait there until the sun came up, then go try again to catch a few hours of rest.
“Hey, did you have the AC on?  It’s arctic in here,” Dean asked.  This was the second or third time they’d come back to a freezing room in the last few months.  Despite himself, Dean still held on to a stupid, tiny little bit of hope that it really was Bobby haunting them.  Sam, already paging through Cas’s notes, shot him a
Dean flashed his best charming smile.  “Hey, can’t go wrong with Duchovny, am I right?”  When Ada smiled back, Dean took that as permission to press his questions.  “Tell me about the ghost stories.”
Cas had packed a weird assortment of Michelle’s clothes, but Dean managed to put together an outfit that didn’t seem out of line for a young woman out for a night of fun with her friends: close-fitting long-sleeved blue T-shirt patterned in darker blues, jeans and a pair of striped sneakers.  And the trench coat.  She wasn’t budging on the trench coat.  “It’s the only thing left in my life that feels like
“Whatcha lookin’ for?  And can I help?  I grew up here and I, like, know all sorts of things about the town and about Fairies.”
Sam and Cas dived into an in-depth discussion of quantum equations and the nature of parallel realities, so Dean let them have their nerd moment while he had his burger moment.  When he finished, throwing his napkins into a pile on his empty plate, he stood.  “I’m gonna go hit the head.  Order a pitcher while I’m gone.”
“Coffee would be lovely, thank you,” Sam answered.  They’d come here straight from the morgue and even his stomach was starting to express a desire for food.  “Why don’t you show us John’s rooms and we can look around while you make the coffee?”
“Can you give me something to do?  I’ve spent the last three weeks forced to be idle or drugged into sleep.  I wasn’t made for that.  Just please, something?  Anything?” Cas pleaded.
“I didn’t know the other guys, but I knew John and Shawn and I liked them, I liked them a lot.  They were nice, and they tipped really well, and the music they made was just so damn beautiful.  I hate what happened to them.  I hate that I’m never gonna to hear them play music again or laugh over John’s dumb jokes or find out how Shawn liked the
“I’m going out for groceries and take out.  Burger joint.  Whatcha want?” he asked.  Cas had never been interested in food as an angel.  He had no idea what she’d like as a human.
“I’ve heard of the place but I’ve never been.  It opened about eight months ago.  I didn’t even know that John and Shawn played there.”  She ran her fingertips over the flier.  “Desperate Romantics.  I didn’t know they had a band name.  It suited them.”
Sam had a mouthful of salad so he motioned to Cas to answer first.  “There’s one character that keeps appearing in the fliers for the Green Lady that’s not a letter or a word as such.  It appears in different places in the design each time.”  She pointed to a knotty squiggle that didn’t look that different to Dean from half of the other knotty squiggles that he didn’t understand.  “It might be a pictogram rather than a letter.  Or a proper name that I’m not familiar with.”
With that weird almost-humor of hers, Cas added, “My friend has had a very vexing day and hitting someone does tend to make him feel better.”
“Thank you,” she answered.  He thought she might cry again, but instead she scrubbed her hands against her face and shook her head.  “How do humans even function with all of these . . . feelings roiling around inside them?”
“Not helpful, dude,” Dean responded.  At least “some” was better than last night.  “Outside or bedroom?”
By the time the bartender set their drinks on the bar, he’d talked himself back down to a place where he could look at Cas again without doing or saying something stupid.  He wove his way through the crowd back to the pool table, carefully managing not to spill any of the excellent beer.  A crowd was gathering there too.  Cas had waited for him, not even finishing her own turn until he came back.  “This’ll be our last game, place is filling up and we should clear the table for other people,” he said as he set their glasses on a side table.
Not for the first time, Sam thought about checking himself into a mental hospital to get some real psych meds. But would even high quality anti-psychotics do anything for supernatural PTSD inflicted by the Devil himself? Even trying to explain why he needed the drugs would get him locked up for a long time. So for now it was herbs, meditation exercises, and some high-quality sleeping pills when it was safe to take them. Sooner or later, though, Sam knew he was going to crack for good and no brotherly pep talk was going to fix him. He was trying to make it as much later as possible, hopefully later enough that they could figure out a solution. But the crack was coming and it was just a question of when.
“I just wanted a little extra cash, man,” Jason explained with a sad little whine.  “I’m here on scholarship, with just this stupid job to pay for things like food and books.  I’m sick of being broke all the damn time.  I got no money to go on dates, no money for even pizza and beer with my bros.  And it was the frickin’ Catholic Church, man.  They got more money than anyone needs.”
“Wait, I thought humans couldn’t look at your true form?” Dean asked.  He remembered Pamela too.  What she’d accidentally done to Pamela was one of the reasons why Dean didn’t trust her at first.  He’d gotten past it.  She never had.
Another laugh, another slight relaxation of the tension in Maisie’s body language.  Castiel was getting better at noticing these things.  The movies and television she watched with  Dean helped her understand all the ways humans communicated without words.  “Hell yeah,” Maisie said.  “Why do you think I work here?  I’ve got a Fairy grandparent.  Weird shit has been happening to me and around me my whole life.  Nobody here cares.”  She noted Castiel’s empty glass.  “Another beer?”
Jason was suitably intimidated by the suit and the flash of the badge.  Dean tried not to grimace when the kid immediately called him “sir.”
“I have a touch of the True Sight,” Maisie answered, taking a quick glance around.  “It’s not much, just knowing when someone’s lying to me and reading people’s auras.  I saw that you had a spark, figured you were just another part Fairy.  But when I touched your hand – it was all wings and blue-white fire and eyes and . . . like, wow.”
“Thank you for that, Dean.  Thank you for listening.  And thank you for staying to watch over me while I slept,” Cas said.  Of course she’d see it that way, Dean realized, and not get all weird about them sharing a bed.
She shook her head, not in negation but to clear it.  “Yes, please, come in.  I didn’t mean to be rude.  I’m Barbara Ponca, John’s mother.  My husband Alonso is at work.”
“So let’s go to her house.  We can crash there, finish the hunt, then decide what we do long term,” Dean suggested.  “Give Cas a chance to get his – dammit, her – feet under her and maybe give us some real beds and a good shower for a change.”
Cas sighed heavily.  “Why do you always ask me if I’m ready before we do things no one could possibly be ready for?”
Sam crossed to sit beside Barbara, close enough to be sympathetic but not close enough to invade her space.  It was a delicate balance with witnesses but one he’d walked hundreds of times.  “We’ll do what we can.  But sometimes even the FBI can’t get local cooperation.”  He didn’t want to get her hopes up, especially given that there were already reasons to be suspicious of the local investigation of the murders.
Dean repeated the description the frat boys had given.  Big black dog, like a Rottweiler, with glowing blue eyes and the same blue glow around its mouth and teeth.  It definitely had sparked something in Cas’s brain.
When it was clear she wasn’t going to finish that sentence, Dean asked, “Hoping they’ll let you go home?”
Raking his fingers through his hair, Sam answered, “Doesn’t this all seem a little, I dunno, weirdly convenient to you?  We just happen to show up on a random hunt in the same out of the way Minnesota hospital where Cas woke up in a new body?  Plus, anyone who knows anything about you knows you’re a sucker for damsels in distress, and, hey look, that new body happens to be female.”
“I know that pen tapping.  That is your ‘I am concerned’ pen tapping,” Dean responded as he reached over to grab the pen out of Sam’s hands.  “You don’t get this back until you tell me what has you concerned.”
“God, Sam, my eyes are going to start bleeding if I have to look at any more blueprints.  Tell me you got somethin’ real.”
Dean hated the self-doubt that Cas seemed to be dead-set on carrying around since her resurrection.  He wanted his friend back – the one with nerves of steel who dared to call pissed off archangels “assbutt.”  He looked to Sam, who was no help.  “It makes sense to get a jump on the research work early,” his brother said.  “I’ve never even heard of a green woman before – who knows whether it’s a real lead or not.  Ponca could have just been interested because of the name of the bar.”
Dean leapt at the chance to change the subject. “And, anyway, c’mon, no dogs in Heaven!?  What the hell is that about?”
“Dean, I want to, believe me, I want you more than words can express, but we have to be careful – the Empty –“
“Now, Father.”  The gentleness in Ada’s tone spoke of long years working together.  Friendship, even.  She said she took care of things here, and Father Pederson was definitely one of those things, Dean thought.
Of course she had to ask, Dean reflected.  Cas was older than he could imagine but most of that life had been as an obedient weapon.  A hammer with wings.  When it came to feelings, she was an amateur.  Just his luck that his best friend would be worse at talking about this shit than he was.  He’d need to use words, which meant he’d need to find the words and make them the right ones.  “Yes,” he said at last.  “Yes, I think I can forgive you.  But there’s still things we need to do, you and me, to make everything okay.”
The clock on the television stand read 6:40 a.m.  He had no idea how long Cas had been here.  One thing for sure, though, he definitely didn’t want Sam finding them like this.  His brother had already made one too many pointed references to Dean and Cas finally going beyond “two solid years of eye-fucking” now that Cas was in a female body, and he was sick of telling Sam to shut the hell up.  Yeah, sure, Cas 2.0 was a babe, and if she’d been some random woman he’d met while out on a case, he’d have been all in.  But this wasn’t some random woman he was never going to see again.  This was
“Look, no harm no foul this time, but you can’t do stuff like this, Cas.  Watching me sleep?  Falling asleep on me?  It’s weird and a little creepy,” Dean objected.
“No!”  He smacked his palm on the hood of the car for emphasis, then stood, stepping right up to her – something far more imposing now than it had been when they were nearly the same height.  His eyes were a bright, ferocious blaze.  “Human or angel, soul or not, I do not give a crap.  You do not get the luxury of giving up!  That’s not what we do!  You keep on trying!  Do you understand that, Cas?!”
“Look, maybe I’m just paranoid because the Leviathans took our faces.  Or maybe I’m afraid to take anything at face value while I’m still seeing visions of Hell and Lucifer.  Or maybe I’m suspicious of anything good happening to us right now,” Sam continued.  “Maybe, just, maybe don’t get your hopes up that this is as good as it looks, Dean.”
Buying himself time to think, Dean asked, “OK, if you’re really Cas, tell me something only Cas would know.”
“Yeah, man, ‘cause I’m a dumbass,” Jason muttered.  He stopped doing any pretense of work and sat down on the locker room bench with a half a sob.  “That damn dog came straight for me, ignored Wendell completely.  I pissed myself and dropped everything.  But Wendell, man, he was a frickin’ hero.  He picked up one of the candlesticks and smacked the thing to get it offa me.  Then he boosted me over the fence because my hands were shaking too bad to hold myself up.  I just ran. . . . I didn’t even realize he wasn’t right behind me until I was almost back on campus.”
“Deal,” Sam answered.  “Grab me some aspirin and let’s see if we can find anything more online.”  It wasn’t much more than a thread, but it was something.  Something hopeful for the first time in months.
She flashed the faintest hint of a smile.  “I tried to talk to you before I took Jimmy Novak as a vessel but only succeeded in causing property damage.  The first time we met after I took my vessel, you shot me, then you stabbed me, and Bobby tried to cave in my skull with a crowbar,” she said, telling the story as calmly as if it was an everyday occurrence.  “You asked me who I was and I told you that I was Castiel, an Angel of the Lord, the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition.”
“I’m gonna go check on her,” Dean said, finishing his drink.  “It’s a big brother thing.  Hard habit to break.”
“We’re, uh, in town together for, uh, work.”  It was amazing how quickly talking with humans could veer into unexpected places.  “That reminds me.”  She extracted her phone from her back pocket and pulled up an image of John Ponca with his guitar, one of the photos from the family website.  “Did you ever have occasion to speak with this man when he performed music here?”
Cas made one of those “I don’t understand humans but whatever you say, Dean” faces.  He was pleasantly surprised at how much of Cas’s essential personality was still visible in a completely different face.
“The hotel where you and the hot guy who completely isn’t your boyfriend are both staying?”  Maisie asked.  Again that arched eyebrow.
He hadn’t noticed that the music had grown louder or that people had gotten out onto the floor to dance.  Instead, what brought him back to the world was the light touch on his arm and the squirmy feeling like ants on his skin.  Fenella was there at his side, fingers brushing his arm, smiling in a predatory way that made his stomach lurch.  “Hey, there, handsome.  You and your brother promised me a dance,” she said.
“No,” Cas responded, sounding as dry and unamused as back in the days of the stick-up-the-ass Angel of the Lord who had never even had a rebellious thought.  Once Fenella was safely out of earshot, Cas glared at both of them.  “You two have a truly appalling disregard for your own safety,” she said.
Spending nearly all of her recent time on Earth with hunters had not adequately prepared Castiel for the company of a curious, nervous, energetic young woman who was passionately excited to discover that angels were real.  Apart from Sam’s early overwhelming enthusiasm (which had quickly faded once it became clear that Heaven disapproved of Sam’s consumption of demon blood), Dean and Sam and Bobby had all been far too preoccupied by the immediate problem of stopping the Apocalypse to ask difficult questions.  Sam would still, on occasion, engage her in searching philosophical inquiries about the nature of Heaven or the cosmology of the universe, but even he showed a great deal of restraint when it came to asking about the details, such as they were, of Castiel’s own life.
Now Dean just needed to make sure that Cas was on board with his crazy Three Amigos plan.  “How drunk is she?” Dean asked.
“I promise, if things get too bad, I’ll say something. But I want to work. I need to work. I can ignore the hallucinations better when I’m working,” Sam said, still dancing on the edge of annoyed.
“Wait, that makes sense,” Sam chimed in, jumping up from the kitchen table to grab his laptop.  “The only fatal dog or wolf attack story I found in the records of this area was from nearly 100 years ago, so I didn’t pay a lot of attention to it.  I only made a copy of the article at all because it also involved an attempted theft from Saint Brigitta’s Church.”  Sam pulled up an image of an old local newspaper on his laptop and showed it to Dean.  “Here you go, 1901, Karl Lindgren, age 29, local drunk, found mauled to death on the grounds of Saint Brigitta’s Church.  It was blamed on wolves.  But he was trying to steal the church poor box when he was attacked.”
Sam changed his mind and poured himself a drink.  “And so that was it?  That’s all it took to get you to forgive her?” Sam asked.  The question carried a weird mixture of angry and sad, and Dean knew exactly how that felt.  Particularly when it came to Cas.
A more lively song was playing now and Castiel watched the humans and Fairies mingling to dance with only half an eye.  Tonight had been so confusing on so many levels.  Too many half-formed thoughts and worries were swirling around in her head, plus a half a dozen emotions she couldn’t name.
“Cool your jets, Hermione,” Dean replied.  “First beer, then food, then we’ll all compare notes.  Me and Sam got some good stuff too.”  He wandered over the mini-fridge, tossed the donuts on top, then pulled out four beers and handed them around the room.
“I swear nothing interesting has happened in this town – or this whole county – since before World War I,” Sam grumbled.  “Whatever this thing is, it’s got to be brand new to the area.  I’m still thinking skinwalker.”
Around dinner time, they pulled into the parking lot of a hotel off the main highway that advertised itself as all suites. Two queen sized beds plus a pull-out couch in the sitting area meant they didn’t have to split up. Yeah, they could have afforded two rooms, but it made Dean feel better to have both Sam and Cas right there where he could keep an eye on them, especially with Sam still having hallucinations and Cas being so new to humanity. He started to claim the pull-out couch but Cas got there first, dropping her overnight bag and her laptop case like an explorer planting a flag and glaring at him until he gave in.
“Ya know, you don’t have to be all heavy lifting all the time.  Download some cat videos or something.”  He caught himself before he repeated what he usually said to Sam in situations like this – go watch some porn – because that was not something he wanted to discuss with Cas right now.  Or ever.  Instead, he focused on the very safe task of making a fresh pot of coffee.  They’d already blown through the one he made first thing this morning.
“It’s not something we do, okay?!”  He knew he sounded angry but maybe a little anger would drive the point home.  “God, I need coffee,” he grumbled, not waiting for Cas’s answer.
“I have a few ideas.  That Gaelic dismissal ritual you used on the leprechaun might work again, assuming the green lady was summoned here.  Silver will work against members of the Unseelie Court, but we can’t be sure that applies to this particular green lady.  Cold iron bullets should work.  In a worst case scenario, I know angel blades are effective against Fairies when wielded by an angel, and possibly when wielded by a human as well,” Cas answered.
Anyway, Claire, that’s the dirt and maybe pick up your damn phone every now and then so I don’t have to say all this crap in an e-mail.  When this is all over, when Cas is safe, we’ll have a big party or some shit.  You be careful and watch your back like I said, and give Jody and Donna and the girls a hug from us.
“I don’t care.  I’m not hungry,” Cas responded listlessly.  She didn’t even bother to turn around to look at him, but kept staring out the window.
“Uh, yeah, uh, Dean and I need to go do paperwork if we’re going to get you out of here, and we should do that right now,” Sam said, already halfway out the door.
“That’s the Chief for you.  He’s not so keen on the Bureau,” Hwang answered with a shrug.  He unlocked and opened the door to a clean but small windowless room filled with the very best industrial office furniture money could buy.  “What files can I get for you?” he asked.
They’d all agreed it made sense to stay in Minnesota, in a comfortable house they didn’t have to pay for, while the weird situation with Cas and her new meat suit got worked out.  There was a substantial amount of money relating to the accident that had killed Michelle Swanson’s family and put her into the coma that had left her body empty for Cas to inhabit.  Plus, her body had been out of it for long enough that the hospital had a legal guardian appointed and Cas couldn’t do anything for herself until she established she was competent.  There always seemed to be one more phone call with a lawyer or one more set of papers to sign before any of it got worked out.  So, for the last three weeks they’d been all nice and domestic, like taking a vacation in an old sitcom.
Before she knew it, Dean had finished his beer and was putting cash down on the bar.  As they rose to grab their coats and leave, Maisie shot them both a friendly smile and a wave.  “Hope to see you two again soon.”
Cas shook her head.  “I wasn’t praying for myself.  I haven’t earned forgiveness from Heaven.  I was asking Heaven to help me find a way to heal Sam.”
“Whatever, Martha Stewart,” Dean shrugged.  “Let’s get summoning, it’s cold out here.”  He blew on the hand that wasn’t holding the shotgun, but it didn’t help him feel his fingers.
Cas considered carefully.  “I’m not speaking to it in words precisely, just concepts and images.  I don’t know that I can be that exact.”
The Belchamp police were not impressed by their FBI badges.  If anything, they were downright hostile.  The Belchamp Chief of Police was an older white man with a thick shock of salt and pepper hair who reminded Dean a little bit of the guy who had played the cop in a thousand seasons of
“So, uh, yeah, we should get back to check on Sammy,” he said, walking around to the driver’s door.  “That chick Fenella is some sorta creepy sex Fairy, but not the killer.  She even warned me off of investigating the murders.  So our best lead now is that bartender and we’d all better be on our game when we talk to her tomorrow.”  On the short drive back to the hotel, Dean turned the music up, making further conversation impossible.
He didn’t argue.  He didn’t ask why.  He just put his book down on the table next to the door and grabbed his suit jacket and that goofy, lived-in trench coat that I think he loves the way I loved my Dad’s old leather jacket.  “Let’s go.”
After a truly excellent shower and a return to his comfortable uniform of T-shirt, flannel shirt, jeans and boots, Dean went looking for Cas.  On the way, he found the kid’s room with a small bed and a guest room/office combo with a decently sized double.  That meant at least two real beds in the house, which was a welcome change from how he and Sam had been sleeping lately.  Cas was in the master bedroom, sitting on the edge of the bed, staring out the window at trees that showed the first buds of spring.  Somewhere she’d found a T-shirt and sweat pants that actually fit her, although her body had clearly lost weight since it had last worn those clothes.  Cas didn’t acknowledge his presence at all.
Hearing those words from Cas hit Dean like a punch to the gut.  This wasn’t going at all the way he had expected.  He’d expected Cas to defend herself, to fight back, not to roll over and take the full force of his anger.  Dean’s need to vent his own feelings warred with his fundamental instinct to protect and care for his people.  And despite everything, Cas was his people.
He sat down.  No one else would have recognized the fear and worry in that question.  Well, no other human for sure.  She thought they were going to leave her here alone.  Dean was getting ready to launch into an angry rant about how she wasn’t trusting him again when he remembered what she’d said this afternoon:
“I don’t need to be protected,” Dean growled.  He grabbed the bottle of Scotch, topped off their glasses, then spiked the bottle into the Recycling bin with a vengeance.
“Of course that’s not what I’m saying,” Sam sighed, grabbing the pen back from Dean.  He frowned in frustration at the paperwork in front of him.  “I have no idea how anyone who isn’t lying about half of this stuff manages to fill out these forms,” he grumbled.  “’Plans for Future Care of Patient’ – do we even have plans for tonight?”
I’m proud of myself that I didn’t get angry at Jack for keeping Cas’s stupid secret.  Since our latest day trip to Purgatory, I’ve been trying to do better about keeping a leash on my temper, at least with the family.  That’s why I waited two days before even trying to talk to Cas.  And now here I was, standing at his door staring at the scuffs on the toes of my boots, heart feeling like a rock in my chest.
The front door was ajar, so Dean walked right into the main room of the church.  The large, dim space was lit only by candles and the light filtering through stained glass windows.  It smelled lightly of beeswax and silver polish.  At the end of one of the aisles, a brown-skinned woman in a dark blue sweater and jeans was dusting a statue and its surrounding candles.  She noticed Dean right away.
“Tapes, Sammy!” Dean barked. Sam groaned, but he grabbed the box of tapes from the passenger seat floor. For the next few hours, it was wall-to-wall Van Halen. Dean alternated between singing along with the music and good-natured jibing with Sam. Cas asked a lot of weird ass music questions and never really settled the debate, but even that was fine because there was an open road in front of him with a job at the end.
“Yeah, they know I’m coming in around now, so they always make one fresh for me.”  Hwang drank his coffee slowly, keeping half and eye on Dean.  “Donuts are pretty good too,” he added after a moment.  He flagged down the owner again.  “Hey, Linda, give the Agent here the last powdered sugar on me.  I’ll be paying for his coffee too.  Assuming that’s okay with the Bureau?”
“Hey there Cas, can I help you find something?” he asked, trying to be quiet enough not to wake Sam but loud enough to be heard over the TV.
She studied her folded hands, clenching them even more tightly, then looked up at Sam and Dean.  “Agents, can you do anything to encourage the County to release John’s body so we can have the funeral?  People keep asking and we – and – and we all need to have the funeral.  We can’t move on without the funeral.”
“We need music,” Dean declared.  He slammed his Best of Metallica cassette into the piece of crap car’s tape player and cranked the volume.  For the rest of the drive, the music replaced any conversation, and it was probably for the best.
“Not a word of it,” Father Pederson responded.  “We’ve been talking for years about hiring someone to translate the old records so that people can use them for genealogical research, but we just can’t seem to find the money.”  Ada made a sour face in agreement.
An hour and a half later, Sam and Dean took official responsibility for their “cousin” Michelle Swanson.  Cas endured several well-meaning, syrupy well-wishes from doctors and nurses for her future mental health, fortunately without saying anything that would have risked her release.  Even though she had no clothes other than the hospital-issued pajamas and slippers, she was too eager to leave to wait for Sam or Dean to run out to get her something to wear.  Instead, she wore one of Dean’s flannel shirts, a pair of his sweat pants rolled up several time to make up for the seven-inch difference in height, and those fuzzy pink hospital slippers.  Even with the pants rolled up, she had to keep one hand on the waistband to keep them from falling down when she tried to walk through the hospital parking lot.  Dean couldn’t help but laugh, earning him a glare from Cas.
“Nope, but I’ll find you something else.  Only take it easy this time.  We’ve got an appointment in the morning.  You may be the only one who can figure out where they buried the dog,” he said.
According to the clock on the nightstand, it was 3:19 a.m.  Castiel had been in bed for hours without any hint of sleep.  She had tried meditating.  She had tried reading the book Sam had suggested to her, but it was far too interesting and did more to keep her awake than relax her.  No matter that the human body in which she now found herself needed sleep, it stubbornly, inexplicably, refused to sleep.  This was the second night in a row of no sleep at all, the third week of fighting to get even scraps of restful sleep.  She’d been managing the nightmares.  But this obdurate refusal by her body and brain to let her have what her body clearly needed was profoundly frustrating.  If her body didn’t relent soon and let her sleep, she’d have a ferocious headache by the time the sun came up.
Strong hands wrapped around her mug, Ada asked, “So show me where they wrote about burying a dog and making a spirit guardian.”  Cas walked her through the translations.  When Cas finished, Ada shook her head.  “And these were the people who said my Ojibwe great-grandparents were backwards savages.”  She turned to Dean, her brown eyes solemn and sad.  “You’re right.  I should take care of this.  There’s no reason to bother Father Pederson with this.  He would be heartbroken to know that the people who built this church did this to a living creature.  I know I am.”
