“Hello, you must be Mrs. Philipps. We’re the Winchesters,” the taller of both says, as he holds his hand out. Tammy shakes them politely, as she smiles at them.
Dean’s promise lasts around 20 minutes, which is already longer than he honestly would have expected. He and Mary will enter Jennifer’s house at 1800 sharp, leaving them with just enough time to trash her little altar and the supplies. Jack is going to start with his distraction around 10 minutes earlier, giving Dean enough time to slip out quietly. It’s all planned to the minute, which of course means, it’s destined to fall apart.
Dean realizes he’s in love with Castiel on a Wednesday. It’s not a life-changing moment, there are no sparks flying and no drop of his mouth. No romantic music in the background and no speech filled with empty words. Instead, it’s a quiet realization, that waited its time to finally be acknowledged. They are in a shitty diner in the middle of nowhere, and it’s a scene Dean has seen a thousand times before: Sam is casually eating his salad, while Dean is caught up in his Bacon-Cheeseburger. And Cas…
And then Castiel is reaching out for him again. Dean can’t help but feel afraid again, while calling out his name. But the angel just grips his cheek, healing him in the process. Castiel starts apologizing, as Dean looks at him with big eyes
Dean hates taking trains. They’re usually late, crowded, and far too often carry the subtle smell of urine. He’d rather race along the highways with his beloved Impala, blasting some cassette tapes out of the speakers, than spend his time in those germy mass transportations. But Baby is still in the garage after a recent car crash, which still pisses Dean off. At this point, he probably could have fixed the issues faster than those overpaid mechanics. He had hoped they would have Baby ready by the time he has to go to his stupid work conference in Atlanta, but of course, the shop owner still waits for spare parts. Fucking fantastic.
“You are unbelievable. Do you have any idea how fucked up that is? If he doesn’t want to…,” Sam rages, but Castiel interrupts the fighting brothers with a raise of his hand.
Their cum is smudged on both their chests, where it’s slowly drying, but neither is attempting to clean up the mess. The air feels heavy, the unmistakable smell of sex surrounding them. In the back of his mind, Dean suspects he should start worrying. He and his best friend just had sex, which was mindblowing by the way. But Cas is smiling at him, a post-orgasm haze still in those blue eyes, and Dean can’t help but enjoy the moment.
When he leaves, he tells Sam about an old friend he wants to meet up with. It’s a comfortable lie and whenever Dean brings up the “I’ll be dead in a few weeks”-card, Sam lets him do his thing anyway. The younger Winchester gives him a weird look; he knows Dean never had many close friends in the past.
“You okay? I know, it can be weird at first…,” Tyler asks, with his dark eyes looking at Dean. But he just gives him a warm smile, before leaning in for another kiss.
He just keeps walking into the night. It’s already hard enough to not think about his past life or the brother he left behind, without the bitter reminder. Until now, Dean thought he had shaken off any of his human feelings. But he was wrong: tonight was the first time he actually missed being human.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks, when they finally return to their seats. He sounds rather concerned than angry, and Dean instantly feels relieved.
“I usually only spot the Big Dipper, so you gotta help me out here, man,” Dean laughs, as he pats the spot beside him. Cas sits down gently, as he regards the sky before him. It takes him a moment to find what he’s looking for, but afterward a little smile tugs at the corner of his lips.
The kiss catches him by surprise. Dean’s lip gently moves against his, and Cas is only left to kiss him back. How many times has he dreamed of this? How many times has he wondered how it would feel to kiss Dean? And now, the answer is right in front of him, gently tugging at his bottom lip, a tongue sweeping inside his mouth, a strong hand cupping his jaw. When they finally part again, both of them breathe heavily in the shared space between them.
“Here, take my jacket”, Dean says and swiftly hands over the brown heavy leather jacket. He doesn’t even think about how cheesy this must look. Castiel mumbles a quiet “thanks” to him as he puts it on. Dean waits for another minute, before he decides to speak.
Dean wants to say more, but he hears a sound behind him. There’s some black goo at the wall, and he looks back at his angel. They are both crying, their tears filled with all their unsaid words. There’s a shaky hand on his shoulder – the shoulder where the angel first lay hands on him – and Dean looks into the familiar blue eyes for the last time.
“You’ve been screwing my brother?!” he yells, before locking eyes with Dean. “And you! Is this why Fernando broke up with me?”
For a moment, Dean considers telling Castiel the truth. He often wondered, if the angel also saw his memory after rebuilding him after hell, but Dean never asked. He was too afraid of the answer. So even now, he just shrugs.
Dean almost changes his mind, as he stands before the building. If it weren’t for the rainbow flag waving over the door, he never would have suspected it is a gay bar. He probably spends ten minutes pacing the few feet of sidewalk before the door, unable to enter it.
The words sputter out of him before he can stop them. He thought about his sexuality ever since Cas got taken by the Empty. Maybe this question already haunted him all his life. He thinks about Dr. Sexy, about Benny, and even about that one dude from high school he had to kiss during Truth or Dare. And he thinks about Cas. Always about Cas… Dean feels the bed dip next to him and finally takes the courage to look at Charlie. She smiles gently at the hunter.
When Castiel finally stops for a moment, the angel blade raised high in the air, Dean finally finds his words again.
After losing Cas, Dean also loses part of himself. He blames it on the grief at first, the nagging feeling still ever-present in his life. And yet, it doesn’t get better. He thinks about asking Jack about bringing him back but stops himself in the end. Castiel deserves something better than some washed-up alcoholic hunter with anger and self-worth issues. Chuck had titled him as “the ultimate killer”, and even though it wasn’t all of Dean, part of him still knew it to be true. And being dead might be better for the angel, than to be alive, loving somebody who was too ashamed to ever love him back publicly.
“Why did she do that?” Cas asks before he can stop himself. He knows every single detail about the victim’s life, and none of it seems sinful to him. “Mrs. Rigby seemed happy.”
“Apparently, the Dad found out Eric’s got a boyfriend, and he just…,” Sam starts, after hanging up the phone. There’s a sad and defeated look on his face. “Guess you were right; it wasn’t a demon.”
The key turns in the door, as Dean shakes his head. He knows Cas is lying. They wouldn’t find anyone else tonight, and they have to open the portal first thing in the morning. If they don’t screw each other, they are screwed.
Dean can only hope the hunt will be over rather sooner than later. He barely slept the night after the housewarming party, his mind racing with thoughts. Not even liquor helped to drown them out and the night left him feeling not only exhausted but more upset than ever.
Castiels face is full of confusion and before he can say anything, Dean presses his lips onto his. It’s a short kiss and filled with a lot of questions, but it’s probably the best First Kiss Dean ever had.
Dean excuses himself early from the housewarming party, not knowing how much more of the charade he could have handled. He expected to get some blackmailing material for his brother, it was supposed to be a funny sight after all. What he didn’t expect was the burning sensation on his inside, as he regarded the play right in front of him.
When he finally meets the Winchesters again, Cas feels a shiver of hope arise in his chest. After all, Dean and Sam are his best friends and his second family. They drive him to the bunker, give him new clothes and even give him some fresh food. Life seems to finally look better for Cas.
The voice of the waitress sounds shrill in the small diner and Dean actually jumps a little, when she appears at the table. She sets the single plate with pie in front of both of them, before giving each of the men a small fork.
It’s perfect, and amazing, and breathtaking – until the closet door opens and they stumble onto the floor. Tammy’s surprised gasp draws everyone’s attention over to the couple, still entangled on top of each other on the floor. Everyone’s, even Sam’s.
“Me too,” Mary chimes in with a laugh. “Even though I was patiently waiting for your back-up at the house.”
“I’ve got you, Baby. Come for me,” he utters with his deep voice and shallow breathing. His warm hand finally finds his cock and it only takes a few jerks till Dean comes with a low groan. He doesn’t register Ty still fucking into him until the rhythm gets uneven and the other man digs his fingers into his hips.
“Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty…I call to you…Please return my one true love!”, Dean says again and still nothing happens. He feels the tears burn in his eyes, and his hand shaking on the coat. This is his last chance, and he can’t give up. Instead, Dean closes his eyes and takes a drive down memory lane. He remembers the first time he met Cas in that old barn, remembers the first time Cas actually laughed, remembers the first time they hugged. The pain of Cas’s loss and the pure joy of his return. And he thinks about that one moment, a few years ago: Cas and Dean had walked to the impala, while the angel had explained his favorite star constellation to the hunter. And Dean just looked at him and thought to himself
“We can stop this anytime you want” It’s almost a whisper, but Dean knows it’s his last chance to bail.
“Every human ever who ever lived has one…Mine is in the Corona Borealis,” Cas says quietly as he now points to another spot in the night sky, which immediately catches all of Dean’s attention. “It’s also called The Northern Crown, named after Ariadne’s crown.”
“You just want me to stay, so your neighbors see this pretty lady leave your house tomorrow,” Mary jokes, earning some quiet hollering from her elder son and a laugh from Castiel.
“We need to connect with all the neighbors, and a housewarming party is the easiest way to do so,” Sam replies annoyed. He and Cas introduced themselves to everyone in the neighborhood, but nobody seemed guilty so far. Cas tried his best to “sniff the witch out” but only found some kitchen herbs in the local gardens and a loud laugh from Dean, when he explained his plan to search for witch-like smells. So far, they had no clue who the responsible party could be.
“Of course he did, Cas. It’s so obvious! He was even crying in the end, he was probably just overwhelmed at the moment,” Dean arguments. He wants to add something else; something about feeling guilty and not wanting Rose to feel even worse, but he doesn’t. It hits too close to home, especially with the sad look Cas gives him. The silence stretches between them, like an elastic that’s about to snap.
Dean regards the man again. He doesn’t seem the type to drug somebody for sex, and if it came to fighting, Dean surely could overpower him.
“I need you too, Dean,” Cas simply answers, making Dean’s heart skip a beat in the process. Dean just nods as an answer, before leaving the cabin once again.
“How can God call himself just, if he leaves us like this?” Cas says instead of answering the question. “I don’t think that’s fair, or just! All my life, I’ve been trying to please him, and what did I get for it? Nothing! God doesn’t care about you, or me. Just like my family! But the worst thing –“ Cas tries to take a deep breath, but the inhale feels shaky.
“It’s true, Sam. I’ve been having feelings for your brother for a while now, but I never knew how to address them.”
“The curly-haired blond on 7 o’clock?” Castiel asks next, his eyes focusing on a short guy near the jukebox. Dean takes a short look, before once again shaking his head.
“It was a joke, you can have as many as you like,” he explains, before pushing the plate a few inches closer to the angel. Sharing food should feel more intimate, but it feels comfortable with Cas. At least, until the waitress comes with their check.
, Dean thinks to himself. If the others knew their fearless leader only finds comfort in another man’s arms, they would lose all respect for him. It’s not fair to Cas, he knows. It’s not fair for himself either. But then again, the whole world isn’t fair anymore.
“His name is Castiel, dear,” Beth replies, eying the salmon pieces hungrily. “They said Sam’s working in IT and can do it from home. Clearly, an excuse, if you ask me.”
There will be an Epilogue left after this chapter, but I want to thank everyone who ever commented on this fic, gave it kudos or even read it. I'd never thought I'd write fanfic ever again, but here we are.
“No, I like it,” Cas decides, before pressing another quick peck onto Dean’s lips. “And I am fully content with cuddling you.”
Next, he slowly takes the head into his mouth, careful to cover his teeth with his lips. All of his received blowjobs had seemed so easy; now he is almost choking on one inch of dick. The taste is much saltier than expected, and it’s not long until Dean gives up. His jaw is aching more than he’d like to admit, but he still gives the guy a flirty grin.
“I take one look at your soul, and I know about all of your regrets,” he remarks. “You are so filled with shame, it’ll never get boring with you”
The door opens and like a flash, they both race forward. Dean doesn’t even know where to go, but he tries his best to follow the guy in front of him. He can feel his heart pumping in his chest, while his lungs work at max capacity. It’s times like these where Dean curses his love for burgers; Sam probably wouldn’t have an issue with running across a crowded train station.
The guy has a weird smile, Dean decides instantly. It’s a bit too wide, and he gets a dimple on only one of his cheeks. Who only gets one dimple when they smile? Either get none or two, like any normal person. Dean also notices the dude hasn’t shaved in more than three days. If Cas is kissing him, it will probably poke and scratch his face.
“I wish it were me,” Dean rushes before he can chicken out again. “Instead of Sam. I wish it were me you’re married to. And I know it’s all fake, and you’re just pretending, but it’s driving me insane. Watching him hold you and call you those cheesy pet names. Because - because it’s something I want to do with you…not pretending, but for real.”
It’s not a natural thing, Castiel knows. The angels already hated him for betraying Heaven, but falling for a human? Some angels would kill him instantly if they knew about this sin. Humans are lesser beings, they told him. They are angry, dishonest, impulsive – the list goes on and on.
They are at Bobby’s house when Sam gets a glimpse of the stupid list. Dean just crossed out the hentai porn when his brother sneaks up on him from behind. The sudden laugh makes Dean turn.
“Cas, buddy, that’s really not…,” Dean starts, but the angel is already halfway out of his seat and striding in confident steps towards the bar. Dean is left to watch the scene from their table, waiting for the outcome of the situation. He expects the guy to throw his drink into Castiel’s face, or to slap him. Or at least make a disgruntled face. But the guy just laughs with all his heart, before holding out his hand for Cas to shake.
“Do you think he loved her back?” Cas asks as Dean hits pause on the remote control. The hunter turns his head to look at his friend with a confused look.
The crowd seems satisfied for the moment, and Dean is about to lead Cas out of the house when a voice stops them midway. It’s Jack, who is shouting loud enough for everyone to hear: “Sam, I am your secret son!”
Dean’s stammered words are silenced by a loving kiss. When they pull apart, Cas is smiling brighter than the sun.
“P-please…please, fuck me,” Dean mutters. He is begging now, just wanting to feel him inside. Ty presses another kiss, on Dean’s cheeks, before withdrawing his fingers. Dean wants to whine about the sudden emptiness, but the sound of the condom wrapper eases his mind.
“Sometimes,” Cas sighs heavily. It’s not a lie, but it’s not the entire truth either. “I mostly miss my wings.”
“Jeez, that’s dark,” Dean answers, as he whistles some air out of his lungs. Part of him hopes nobody got hurt, but he also would prefer if they could finally get going.
There are several attractive women in the bar, and Dean quickly scans if they appear to be alone. What kind of girl would Cas prefer? It’s not an easy question, and Dean regards if he’s ever seen him with a woman before. Sure, there was Meg all those years ago. So maybe a brunette? Once again, Dean lets his gaze wander over the crowd, before it lands on an attractive dark-haired woman in her thirties. She is casually drinking at the bar, and her black jacket reminds Dean even of Meg.
“You… will call me Ty”, replies the man, his tone clearly showing dominance. Dean could rip his little body apart without breaking a sweat, but he can’t know that. This Ty-Guy clearly thinks, he is the one in control tonight, and this unshattered confidence stirs something inside of Dean. More than a simple want, it’s a
A middle-aged man bumps into them, and Dean stops talking immediately. There are far too many people around and if he says anything about the case, it could ruin their entire plan. The guests are spread all over the house, leaving no place to talk in private. Well, almost no place…
Dean drowns his whiskey before he turns around. He is not going to let this feeling ruin their We-Defeated-God-Party.
“Hello then,” Dean grumpily answers, his eyes focused on the table before him. Of all possible times, Beth had to disrupt them just now. He remembers the way those nosy neighbors had eyed him at the housewarming party, and how it made him uneasy. But then again, he only had eyes for Cas that evening.
“I want… I want to work a normal job, maybe at the little garage outside town. I want to see the beach and - And I want you to call Eileen! I want to dance at your wedding and teach your kids how to ride bike.” Dean laughs a little now, before looking directly at his brother. “I just want to live!”
“Shouldn’t it be Deastiel?” Sam teased him. He obviously thought about the whole thing as a joke, while Dean was close to a panic attack. If some high schoolers could see his true sexuality, who else knew about it?
He stops, not quite bringing the word over his lips. It is such an easy word, just four letters, but they feel heavy in Deans mouth. When he does not continue, anger flashes over Castiel face
“Your lover here barked up the wrong tree…And then he paid for it,” Alistair snarls, with a smug grin on his face. Dean feels sick; he doesn’t know if it’s real or if it’s another fantasy. There’s red blood splattered around him, but when Dean tries to rush to him, he is held back by an invisible force. Behind him, he can hear the demon laugh.
One day Cas was one of the leading angels in Heaven, now he is a rebel. Angels used to shiver in fear under his gaze, and now even the lowest ranks are hunting him. It doesn’t get better once he teams up with Metatron, hoping to finally bring peace back to Heaven. Instead, the angels fall from the sky like the stars they represent. And Cas…Cas is left human, his grace stolen by Metatron.
“We could call Jack, maybe he can help out. He could be your unknown son from a secret affair,” Dean jokes next. It sounds almost like a cheap plotline from Dr. Sexy – except Dr. Sexy’s secret son actually appeared in season 3 and needed an organ transplant, which could only be donated by his father. While Dean tries to remember how the episode ended, Sam and Cas nod in agreement.
“Forgive me, Fa - Why should he forgive me? He doesn’t care about me.” The words escape from Castiel’s throat before he can stop them. No one has seen God in millions of years; a confession in a small church in Utah won’t make any difference in that. For a moment Castiel wonders if he has offended the profoundly religious man, but the priest doesn’t seem surprised.
“Well, we would need some roses, cinnamon, some possession of the person, white candles…we got all of that here”
Dean was fully prepared to ignore the nagging feeling in his chest forever, but like all his other plans, it was destined to crash and burn.
They head to the motel in silence, the music filling in the empty space between them. The closer Dean gets to the nearby motel, the more anxious he gets. What the hell was he thinking? Part of him just wants to blow the whole thing off, but he knows he can’t. Not only would it be shitty of him to break his promise, but it would be impossible to find a suitable match for Castiel tonight.
Everyone cheers when Cas pulls Dean in a kiss, marking the beginning of a new chapter. The rest of the evening passes in a blur: they dance, they sing, Sam proposes to Eileen, Claire and Kaia finally get together, and Dean and Cas once again find themselves fooling around in a closet. But it’s perfect in every way.
“There would be no thunder without you,” she confesses, and Dean can’t help but pull her into a tight hug. He never expected to have kids, but he loves Claire just like his own blood. Her first weeks in college were rough, he remembers. But every time she came close to quitting, she’d call Dean. At this point, she’s just as much his kid as Jack, and he couldn’t be prouder of the people they’ve become.
Dean wants to say it, it’s on the tip of his tongue. But he doesn’t. Cas is clearly not himself right now and telling him now seems like bad timing. So instead, he tells him something else. It is still true and hard to say, but Dean hopes it will snap Castiel out of his state.
It’s his own fault, for siding with the Winchesters. He betrayed his family for them; even killed some of his brothers and sisters. It shouldn’t surprise him how they turned against him, or how their behavior changes once they know who he is.
A few weeks ago, Dean would have called Bullshit, but now it is different. This Aphrodite chick has brought him this far, now it is too late to chicken out. This is really not how he had imagined their first kiss. Slowly, Dean leans forward and presses his lips onto the lips of Cas. It’s a short kiss, but Dean tries to put a promise into it. The promise of a million other kisses, of laughs and cuddles…the promise of a loving life together.
“Am I a human or an angel?” Cas continues, and after a short break: “Your friend, your lover, or just your campmate?”
Dean lights the candles, before cutting deeply into his palm and letting the blood flow into a big cup. With the other hand, he clings to the coat on the floor. His eyes are closed when he finally begins to speak.
Castiel smiles at the thought of Dean and all that they have accomplished over the years. Their lives weren’t exactly easy, but it was all worth it for those few moments where they just got to be a family, albeit an unusual one. He still remembers the moment in the crypt, when he was ready to kill Dean at Naomi’s orders; Dean told him they were family and it broke his connection to heaven; the moment now feels like a painful metaphor for his entire life.
“Besides,” Irene steps in “their marriage just seems – off? There’s more sex happening in the way Cas looks at Dean than in his marriage bed with Sam”
“My father – I didn’t even know him. He left us before I even got to know him. And yet, I spent most of my life trying to please him. Until rather recently, at least.”
“We need to talk,” Dean whispers, before dragging the angel into the coat closet. Some curious eyes seem to follow them, but Dean shuts the door before anyone else can spot them. The closet is surprisingly spacious, but the walls seem to suffocate him. There’s a bit of light coming in through the shutters, and he can see the concern written all over Cas’s face.
Dean Winchester is all of those things, and yet Castiel can’t help but admire him. Every day, he finds new ways in which Dean amazes him. It may not compensate entirely for the loss of his family, but someday it might.
“Sammy? I don’t want to hunt anymore”, Dean says quietly, during his night in the hospital. His younger brother just nods and gives him a weak smile.
He kneels beside Cas, and carefully caresses his cheek. The spell was very serious about the last element and Dean had to chuckle a little bit.
He leans in, and Elliot meets him in the middle. With his eyes closed, the kiss doesn’t feel any different from kissing a woman. There are the same butterflies in his stomach, and the same need to feel skin under his hands. The same thrill of having a strange tongue inside his mouth. It just shouldn’t feel that
“They seem nice enough, but I heard Sam is unemployed. He just sits around all day at home and waits for his Cassiel to come back home!” Jennifer complains with a deep sigh. It’s no secret she isn’t the biggest fan of the new couple, but even she can’t deny the quality of the served meatloaf at the housewarming.
“There doesn’t seem to be more suitable men in here, but we can’t wait another day to open the portal…Is there a brothel nearby?”
Dean hesitates, thinking about his answer. He is honestly surprised Sam didn’t ask about it the second Dean had mentioned the spell. Aphrodite isn’t the goddess of love for nothing. The myth says, the spell only works for true love and the spell in the book also requires the blood of the persons true love.
Just as Dean wants to argue again, they are interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. They can only hope nobody heard their yelling, the last thing they need is unnecessary gossip from the neighbors. Cas and Sam waltz towards the front door, while Dean stays a few steps behind them.
“You sure?” Dean asks as he watches his brother and his best friend sit on their couch. He should be glad to once have an entire motel room for himself, but for some strange reason, he misses his family. Okay, he knows exactly why: he hates not knowing what’s happening between his brother and Cas. Sammy isn’t interested in Cas that way, he knows that. But the thought of them holding hands is enough to get Dean bothered.
Dean checks the crowd again and again, but finding another single gay guy on such short notice. All other men, who could be described as handsome, are paired with women. Besides him, Cas grows restless.
Not a day goes by where Dean doesn’t regret saying No to Michael. As a vessel, he wouldn’t have to worry about decreasing hygiene articles or their overall small survival chances. He’d just relax on the passenger seat, while the archangel might save the world from his brother. Instead, he’s busy organizing food supplies and toilet paper.
“I’m not gay either. You know, there’s more than just straight and gay, right?”, replies the other man with a kind smile. When there’s no answer, he keeps talking.
I'm very sorry, Lisa Braeden. She was just the only long-term relationship Dean ever had and it just made sense for him to talk to her about it. I doubt canon Lisa would ever say something like that, but it just had to be done.
“No…we got it right here”, Dean says, finally looking at his brother. Sam just looks at him and waits. The silence stretches out and when Dean finally looks away, Sam speaks again.
“I’m…I’m very tired…goodnight…”, he mumbles, before sharply turning around and waltzing away. Dean blinks in surprise and wonders, why no one is stopping him from leaving. But Jack is already dozing off in his chair, while Charlie is busy braiding Sam’s hair. No one on the table pays any mind to Dean, so he quickly rises to his feet and strides towards Castiel’s room. On his way, Dean tries to think about what he wants to say, but he can’t think of anything before he already arrives at the door. His shaking hands still manage a sharp knock.
He’s still mad about the whole thing, and how caught up both of them were. It’s one thing to hold hands and present in the couple in front of others. But Sam calling Cas by a pet name in private? That’s just unprofessional, even Dean knows that. And then Sam told him, he would even kiss Cas if the situation needs it…What the hell was that even supposed to mean? Nobody is going to force them to kiss, the party guests are all far too old to play “spin the bottle” anymore.
“I met someone,” Cas begins before he corrects himself. “Some people. They are like a family to me, but…”
“Well, you could fly,” Zachariah says as if he’s trying to explain 2+2 to a toddler. Dean knows he hates him, but they still have to get along for work. At least he’s not tagging along to the conference, that would be Dean’s worst nightmare - next to flying in an airplane, which is actually one of his biggest fears. His boss must sense his discomfort because he keeps talking. “But since we try to be more ecological, I suggest you take the train.”
With no hesitation, Dean’s finger hooks into the grey boxers and pull them down in a fluid motion. The sight of Castiel’s hard dick shouldn’t be surprising, but it still leaves Dean breathless. It’s longer than his own, even though Dean is already more than well enough equipped. The head is swollen red, and the first hint of precum is smeared across it. There’s a short pause, in which Dean considers what to do next. Should he jerk him off? Or a blowjob? What if he tries to suck him, but chokes and the mood is completely lost?
Dean actually draws in a breath at the realization. Of fucking course. He loves Cas. No, scratch that…He is
A shiver runs over Dean’s whole body, as the man retreats back. He isn’t sure if he’s even able to blush anymore, but he still feels a flush rising in his neck. This guy really thinks he’s something special.
“Tammy is fine, and my husband Harold is probably already asleep in his lounge seat,” she jokes as she shakes their hands. The man in the trenchcoat seems a bit more reserved, but he still gives her a small smile when she looks at him.
“Do you think they are having an affair?” Tammy asks shocked. Of course, she had felt the tension between the family members, but she blamed it on the stress of moving. But now that Sarah suggested it, it seems like a possible explanation.
Castiel releases an annoyed groan. “Can you just…you’re undermining this plan at every given opportunity, and Sam and I are getting worried you might risk the entire thing.”
“You don’t have to do this…I just…”, Castiel stammers, but Charlie already pushes the glass into his hands. Dean can’t stop and thinks about Castiel having to explore humanity. Of course the guy had never played Truth Or Dare before, why the hell would he? It’s only a stupid game to embarrass teenagers and ask them about their crushes.
“Jealous? Don’t be ridiculous, Sammy,” the older Winchester mumbles, trying his best to not sound petty. “Scout’s honor, I’ll be on my best behavior.”
It fucking hurts. It’s like he got stabbed in the heart by a rusty nail. Tears start forming in Dean’s eyes, and he pulls Elliot in another kiss to hide them. But they are still there, wetting both their faces as they kiss.
“Witches?” Sam finishes his brother’s sentence. “Probably, the victims weren’t exactly popular in the area. One of them had a kid, but the couple wasn’t married. Another person wanted to move in with her wife, but she died before she could. Seems like they are most likely targeting people, who don’t fit the community.”
Dean slaps the back of the old book, and little particles of dust rise in the air. The spell might not have mentioned the Empty especially, but it is supposed to get someone “from the grasps of death, no matter how far gone”. It’s at least worth a shot.
“Okay…,” Sam sighs, drawing the word out in a long breath. It sounds like he wants to say more but instead turns to face the angel. “Castiel, would you like to pretend-marry me?”
“I’ll call Jack right away,” Cas speaks, his phone already halfway pressed to his ear. A second later, the angel disappears from the couch, leaving only Sam in his view. The younger Winchester seems to wait for Castiel to leave the room before he addresses his brother again.
“Hello, Dean,” rolls over Castiel’s tongue, accompanied with the hint of a smile. The other man doesn’t reply, only pulls out his lighter as an offering. Without words, Cas reaches for it and ignores his shivering body when their fingers brush against each other. The first inhale of smoke feels rough, but Cas is used to it by now. When he gives Dean his lighter back, he also offers his joint. They used to share all the time, back when Cas was still new to the whole thing and Dean just wanted to forget about the shit around him.
It starts out innocent and gentle, just like the way relationships start. But then Cas opens his mouth a little bit, letting Dean lick inside and,
“Damn, Cas. You have to talk to her…,” Dean remarks to his friend, pointing in her direction. But once again, he is interrupted by the angel.
“Sammy had this astronomy book when he was younger, and I used to read it to him every night,” Dean laughs with a nod to the backseat. “So, where’s your star?”
The question takes him by surprise, as he turns in his seat to face Dean. They are driving in the Impala, but Cas has no idea where they are. At night, every road looks the same to him. Sometimes he wonders how Dean always finds his way around the highways, never getting lost in the mess of interstates. But then again, the Winchesters grew up on the road, always driving from one place to the other. The ride was quiet so far, except for Sam’s occasional snoring from the backseat, where he is fast asleep.
The reminder hurts something inside of Dean, as he stares at the couple. If he looks closely enough, he can see the dirt under the guy’s fingernails. And those hands are supposed to touch Cas’s body? The thought alone is enough to make Dean shudder. If this is how this guy handles his hands, how bad must be his hygiene? There’s no way knowing when he washed his dick the last time.
Dean was never a big fan of pet names. He usually called his partners by their names, not some silly phrase. But then again, he was the one who turned
“Exactly what I thought,” Sam replies, turning his laptop back to himself. “Apparently there were several deaths within the last 10 years in this neighborhood, and all of them were classified as accidents.”
”?” Sam watches his brother with raised eyebrows, still laughing. “With two chicks or with another dude?”
“Did you ever have sex with a guy?” Dean suddenly asks, before he takes another deep gulp from drink There were times, when they talked through entire nights, sharing their deepest secrets and thoughts. But those times are long gone, buried underneath burning corpses and past betrayals.
“Hold on, cowboy. One more thing,” the hunter says, while he searches for something in the glove box. It might have been a while, but there should still be… “Aha!”
“They blocked the tunnel,” a deep voice answers him, and Dean looks up to find its owner. Across the hallways sits an attractive man, who shrugs his shoulders like he’s trying to apologize for the situation. He seems to be around the same age as Dean, with dark hair and a stunning pair of blue eyes. “Apparently somebody tried to cross the tracks, which automatically gets classified as a suicide attempt.”
“When’s the next train going?” he asks once he trusts his lungs enough to speak again. Part of him suspects already he won’t like the answer: he was very keen on catching this exact train, knowing there were no good later alternatives.
Dean tries calling every single car rental place around, but none of them have any capacities. Apparently, there’s a convention happening close, and everybody booked their cars weeks in advancement. His last hope is asking his boss to send somebody else to the conference, but his expectations couldn’t be lower. Dean’s been working for the company for barely two years, but he considers quitting every single day. Especially when he sees the pained smile on Zachariah’s face when he explains his situation to him.
Castiel’s attention wanders back to him, a slight blush creeping over his neck. “Dean, could you assist me in finding a potential mate?”
“What are your plans, sweetie?” Dean asks, his hands still holding his angel close. He doesn’t think about how easy the nickname comes across his lips.
“Dean, promise me you won’t act up,” Sam tries to reason. “We can’t risk the entire thing because you are getting jealous.”
, Dean thinks to himself. He and Cas had stopped in a small diner in Idaho, only wanting to grab a bite before heading back home. There are only a few tables occupied and when they sit down, the waitress lights the candle in front of the hunters.
Agnes just smiles quietly, as she listens to the stories. She may not know the Winchesters, but they sure are entertaining as heck.
Dean’s mind is racing. His whole life, he only had crushes on girls. And yeah, he loves to watch Wrestling on TV and lately this stupid hospital rom-com, but that means absolutely nothing. He is also confident enough in his sexuality, that he can check out other guys and know they are attractive. That doesn’t mean he is not straight. But then again – he never knew he could like boys without being gay. The term “bisexual” hits him right into the guts. It feels like a punch and a homecoming at the same time.
. And now that he knew what was going on inside him, he felt this pain growing. He felt the fear swallowing him, locking him inside a dark place where light never reached him. Was his humanity and demon side still fighting each other for dominance? But he didn’t have the Mark. There were no ugly things on his forearm.
Dean bit on his tongue. Yes, he had wanted to see Cas. Because of the remorse he had. He still remembered clearly the former angel’s eyes when he had told him he couldn’t stay. He remembered the sadness and disappointment he had seen in those blue orbs. And he remembered the look on his face when Dean had left him that morning at the Gas’n’Sip.
In a minute Jody turned with her pickup and was on her way back to Sioux Falls. Sam tied the Impala and Charlie’s car with a tow-rope and in ten minutes they were on the road to Lebanon.
Bobby removed his hat and scratched his forehead. He had been in desperate times. Hell, he was in one right now with at least thirty other people who didn’t show up here yet. But none of them had ever thought about running to their deaths. They knew they were the only hope this muddy globe had left, they couldn’t afford any suicide missions. But these boys… Sam and Dean had been taught badly by an incompetent father and they had unintentionally taught that to Castiel. Damn it, John…
“And we can assume that demons committed every murder.” Hannah looked at Cas. “But I still don’t understand why. Monsters and demons always kept the distance from each other, they never got into confrontations. Why now? What changed?”
“I… think I’ll stay now.” His voice was strangely uncertain. “Don’t get me wrong, I don’t want anything bad to happen to Gadreel either, but I just…”
They parked the car not far from an old abandoned farm. Dorothy took the stakes as she got out and handed one to Charlie.
“I have no other choice” Sam says as he looks away. “We know nothing about the Mark. There’s no other way to save my brother.”
Dean actually jumped. He spun around, looking for the source of the voice, then he found a figure sitting right next to the door with their back to the wall.
“Oh, Dean” she said kindly. “I don’t want to help you. Not in this form. You killed my siblings. But I can change it. You can be the
He and Sam spent their time mostly in the library. The books and scrolls that Hannah had previously brought were already read by him twice already up in Heaven. He didn’t know if reading them a third time would have any positive results. But every time he started doubting himself he told himself that maybe he had left out something. A side note, a hidden message, anything.
Gadreel was amazed by Dean’s devotion towards Sam. His will to fight for the last trace of hope was admirable. Sam felt his pain when he remembered his own brother, Lucifer, and his evil trick that had led to the fall of the Garden and his imprisonment. Gadreel longed for a brother like Dean who would do anything to save him.
Crowley coughed a few times after Dean released him then chuckled. His words were like poisoned knives cutting into his flesh.
The cemetery didn’t change at all. Same dry grass, same dead trees, same old tombstones. Even the foul air is exactly like those years ago when I drove here to stop those two dicks from starting their fight. As a human I only felt how heavy the atmosphere was, now however, as a demon, I can see the air boiling. I see the sparks of tension, everything living and dead hiding in fear of what will happen.
I want him to stop speaking. It would just make everything harder. I already feel doubt working its way up from the corner of my mind where I locked it.
Malachi was to his left, angels behind him, bodies at his feet. Castiel gazed at the dead and his heart fell.
Her fingers tightened around the steering wheel as Charlie kept looking at the car far ahead of them. The sun set down behind the horizon, coloring the sky to a dark shade of orange decorated by black clouds. Soon everything they saw from Vesta’s car was two lamps.
“Or a loser” I nod, understanding his words. “So… I’m… okay now. The Mark doesn’t control me. But what about Sam? Did he truly believe he could save me like this?”
Castiel found himself thinking about the past, his life in Heaven, the first period of his existence. He remembered the way the light had embraced him when he was still a fledgling, the way his older siblings surrounded him and the other young ones. He remembered the safety and peace, the love and warmth. He remembered how great the seven archangels had been. He remembered how different they had been.
Gadreel had no time to turn around. He was grabbed from behind and he could do nothing but curl around Thomas’ soul protectively before everything turned black.
I zap away quickly. I have to stop whoever wants to set Lucifer free. If Lucifer is out, he will go after Sam immediately. I can’t let that happen.
So that was Dean’s soul, so strong and so bright even an angel couldn’t make it be unseen. No wonder Cas was so drawn to it he didn’t care about personal space no matter how many times Dean had warned him.
“Of course he knew” she said. “Every parent knows their children love them, even if they don’t say it.”
Castiel didn’t understand how his friend’s behavior regarding his situation changed and by the face he was making neither did Sam, but he didn’t really care. It was good to see the three of them together after so many months. Or maybe years. It had been a long time since they were in good terms with one another and did what they were best at: helping others.
And with that, arms held up high, Charlie fell on her back on Castiel’s lap with a ‘Blah!’ which Castiel guessed was supposed to be the sound effect of her melting.
“Thank you!” Charlie turned back to Bonnie. “We don’t feel pure enough for this. We heard about this group then decided to give it a try but…” Her voice trailed off and worry appeared on her face. Award winning performance in Dorothy’s opinion. “We heard about the members who went missing. Personally, I’m very scared…”
Dean opened the metal door. Rays of light entered the dark barn through little windows to his right. There was the tractor too, surrounded by the metallic smell of blood. Dean shivered as it entered his nose but he tried to ignore it.
“Aw, Sam!” Charlie punched his arm gently. A smile was hiding in the corner of her mouth. “Don’t do that! You know how sensitive he is!”
So he wandered further back in his memories. The things he had said to Dean that probably had had a big part in him becoming a demon. He had been angry. Who wouldn’t? Dean had tricked him to say yes to an angel without him knowing what was going on. And he had killed Kevin. Now the boy was alive but the thought was still haunting him. What the hell had Dean been thinking? Why had he let that happen in the first place?
“But what you’re about to do is stupid, even for a Winchester” he said. “I expected better from you.”
Kevin looked the way he came from. The angel – Hannah – walked towards them and stopped a few feet away. He couldn’t help but shudder.
Sam could only gape for a moment in surprise, shifting his gaze back and forth between the ring and Death’s eyes.
Appearing in the middle of a grass field I fall on my knees and let my feelings surface. I’m breathing heavily, my body is shaking but I don’t stop it. I made the right decision. I can do this. I can do something good for the last time.
Daphne raised her eyes at him from her hands. Her fingers nervously scratched the fabric of her trousers.
“But I won’t leave without him” Dean countered. “And if I don’t leave, I can’t look for a way to help you.”
He was aware that his phone rang somewhere in the distance, but he had no power to reach into his pocket. He wanted to sleep. It had been a long day, no,
The angel raised her hand. She wanted to place it on his shoulder. She wanted to light up his soul. She wanted to make him feel better. She wanted to see him smile and at peace.
Bobby turned back to the table. He pulled out a chair and sat down, watching the broken angel who fixed his gaze on his hands.
The thought of Dean being a demon saddened him. He had never thought Dean would turn into something like that. It was Dean, for crying out loud! Righteous Man and Michael Sword and so on! He was not a demon! And still… The hunter turned into the thing he hunted. Like Gordon Walker.
The waiting was tiring. He hadn’t eaten much in the morning and felt thirstier with every passing hour. Around ten he had to sit down because his legs started aching after standing for too long. People passed by the school on foot and by car. The bells were ringing, signing the start and the end of classes then finally, after many hours of waiting, a girl walked behind the school bus, talking on her phone with teary eyes.
Before Sam could put up any resistance the angel sent a calming wave through his soul and the man drifted into a peaceful slumber. Sam’s eyes glowed blue and Gadreel was in charge of the body.
I sit on the couch for a while, trying to figure out what to do next. I have to stay away from the bunker. And I have to stay away from
The ripple was already towering above them when he stood up, rubbed his eyes and ran back to Cas. This was his top priority now. Get to Father Time
“I’m not gonna scare him!” Dean shot back. “But don’t expect me to sit back and watch Mama Ghost killing more people!”
There was an other flash of Grace and it happened at the right time. Without it Castiel wouldn’t have noticed the blade above him. He quickly jumped out of the way and waited for the next attack.
The former angel got inside the car. Just like last time, the key was hidden above the visor. He was about to start the car when the other door opened and Muriel sat inside.
Hannah nodded and made her way to the exit. A mysterious humming in her Grace followed her back to Heaven.
“But my siblings and I spent a year with the humans and I never experienced it before” she reasoned. It couldn’t be true. Metatron was lying again. He wanted to confuse Hannah so she would let her guard down and he would make an escape. But Hannah was not that easy to confuse. She was focused on her task ahead, namely eliminating the confusion in her vessel. She would get this done and return to the bunker where she would continue researching with Sam. Sam would definitely ask about her previous behavior which she would explain as a malfunction. A simple, easily solved malfunction. And Sam would smile at her and they would settle down at the table farthest from the entrance of the library and bury themselves into books and scrolls. They would act like how they always acted in their partnership without Hannah worrying that she would lose control and hurt Sam. She didn’t want to hurt him. Or anyone else.
Looking at the walls, it’s surprising to find sigils hewed into the stone. Some of them I recognize easily, I used to use them when I was just a simple human, hiding from angels and demons during the Apocalypse and after that. But there are also unfamiliar symbols, some the combination of two different kinds. I wonder who made these and why. Were they hiding? From what? And when? Moss grew in the deep lines so it can’t be recent. The one who made these is probably dead already.
“You won’t” he said with a strong voice but he wanted to scream. He saw Dean with black eyes again and he felt bile coming up his throat. Dean won’t be a demon again. No. He wouldn’t allow it. Not even Death himself could stop him protecting the man.
All three rings were in one box hidden deep in the Men of Letters bunker. Sam and Dean had agreed to hide it there in arms length to keep an eye on them. They didn’t want anyone to try opening the Cage again.
I put a glass in front of Gavin and take a seat again, downing mine with one breath. I let out a long sigh when I finish. Alcohol. The best medicine to everything. But still, it’s super ineffective.
Ms. Tran walked down the stairs but froze halfway down. Her eyes were fixed on the library. Castiel had to bend forward a bit to see into the room. Kevin was sleeping peacefully at one of the tables with his notes surrounding him. The former angel saw the tears forming in the woman’s eyes as she rushed down the stairs and entered the library. Sam and Castiel stopped at the doorway and watched in silence.
He had learnt in the past years that every spell had a counter spell. Everything could be broken, they just needed the right ingredients. Ingredients that may or may not be burnt in that mysterious incident. So a counter spell was not an option.
“It’s their job.” Kevin shrugged and sat down. Sam and Cas storming through the bunker with their packed bags a few minutes earlier interrupted their reunion. Seriously, couldn’t they all just stay and relax a little? They had just travelled back in time and less than twelve hours was the longest time when all of them were in the bunker. They should take it easy, especially Dean and Cas. Sam at least had a few days to rest but those two? They were like hyperactive spiders running up and down the walls. As soon as they arrived they were on their way to somewhere else. Kevin would lock them in their rooms when they got back, he decided.
Castiel’s eyes opened wide. He knew this voice. The deep purr of a feline, caressing, but under the silkiness it hid something dark, some shady thoughts.
Sam nodded and quickly turned back to the book opened before him. He had better things to do then worry about the personal space of an angel. Which was pretty funny now that he was thinking about it. Cas used to stand so close to Dean it had made
He didn’t know how long they stood there. He didn’t know when Dean hugged him back. He was freezing but the only thing he cared about was that he found out what he had wanted to know for so long and that he finally apologized for his stupidity. Nothing else mattered in that moment.
The younger Winchester brother shook his head in disbelief. Not just the opening the Cage plan, but where the hell the fighting with Cas had come from? The angel was a great friend and he respected him for not holding any grudges against him.
His words are cut off by Castiel’s lips on his and he tries to put all his unsaid words into the kiss. As they separate, a huge smile rests on the angel’s face.
“Old friend,” he mutters, before returning his attention back to the road. He doesn’t want to think about Cas sitting in the exact seat, where he kissed Elliot all those years ago.
Cas knows he finally has to leave Heaven behind. His life is now on earth, together with Sam, Dean, and Jack. And yet, it’s hard to close the door behind him. He still has his grace, a last little reminder for his time in Heaven. A sudden thought crosses his mind, as Cas starts staring out of the car window. Dean regards him with a raised eyebrow. “The hell you’re looking for, buddy?”
“If you-if you really go,” Sam has stated many times, “you should at least have a good life before.”
“Yes….”, he finally breathes, a small smile on his lips. “I think I’ve been in love for a long time…”
“Guess he got over it quickly then,” some other woman giggles. “Have you seen the kid too? Sam can’t have been older than maybe 25 when he was born”
“It usually starts with “Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned”, the priest suggests. “Maybe try that?”
Sammy obliges with a frown and they even let him read it aloud to the laughing group. They play for a few rounds, but they don’t really get drunk until they decide to just skip the rule. Now they just drink whenever they want to, and it only improves the mood.They find out Charlie had her first time at 18, Sam once had a crush on Susan Sarandon and Jack accidentally stole a puppy from a store one time. They also get Castiel to make a PB&J sandwich without using his hands and Dean has to sing a song of his choosing – He starts humming the tune of the “Tequila Song”, and everyone yells the lyric with him: “TEQUILA!”
“Well, anyways. We gotta go,” Elliot finally exclaims, and Dean can immediately spot the lie. “But I am glad you’re alive. And well.”
Shortly after dinner, the doorbell rings, and Tammy almost jumps forward to get it. Sarah told her she’d call once she had a proper talk with the new neighbors, but the phone’s been quiet so far. But to her surprise, it’s not her friend in front of the door, but two handsome men holding a basket with muffins.
“We should make you a proper Winchester someday,” Dean mutters, gently kissing Cas’s knuckles. He isn’t thinking about marriage, not yet at least. Most marriages he’s seen over the years ended in death: his parents, Bobby and his wife Karen, Ellen and her husband…The list goes on and on, including those couples they couldn’t save during their hunts. When he saw his own father stricken with grief for his lost wife, part of Dean swore he’d never marry. But then again, Dean never would have believed he’d ever live past the age of 30. It’s with a smile upon his lips that he finally falls asleep.
“Do you ever think things could be, you know, different between you and me? Maybe we could be…more…or…”
And then there’s still the hunter community, which might have opened up in the last years, but still consisted of mostly straight white males. Jesse and Cesar had been a welcome change. And Charlie too. And Claire. And…Dean never realized how many non-straight-hunters he knew, before he started counting them. Maybe the hunter community has actually changed for the better.
“Take everything off, except your underwear,” Cas rasps, his voice even deeper than usual. The command makes Dean shiver as he undresses. His half-hard erection is clearly visible in his boxers, and he believes a small smirk flashing over Cas’s face when he spots it. Cas takes his time undressing, either out of insecurity or because he suspects the effect it has on Dean. Well-toned muscles appear under the layers, and Dean wants to touch all of them. The little vein on Cas’ biceps, those strong thighs, the trail of dark hairs leading down to his boxers – it would be all his for this night, and this night only.
Even after hell, Dean never finds out if it was a glimpse of reality or just another twisted fantasy to torture him. Sometimes, he still dreams about finding Marco in the alleyway, but when he turns his body, it’s his own bloody face staring back at him.
“So, when you gonna put a ring on it?” she asks, nodding over to Castiel, who is chasing his little namesake all over the lawn in a playful game. Dean’s heart swells at the thought of this man being his husband. They hunt less and less these days, especially since Sam decided to move in with Eileen. It’s still a secret, but he and Cas recently bought a house in the same street as them. It might finally be time to leave the hunting life behind.
“I’m Dean, by the way,” Dean speaks, once their laughter dies down. He holds his palm out, and the stranger shakes it with a smile.
“You’re not dragging me into a closet again, are you?” Castiel laughs, but willingly follows his boyfriend a few feet away from the crowd.
“Before Cas…”, Dean swallows hard, but continues. “Before he went to the Empty, he told me he loves me”, Dean says. “I didn’t even have time to say something back, it all happened so fast… His love for me killed him, so my love for him has to bring him back”
“Don’t worry, that’s what friends are for,” Dean exclaims, clinking their bottles together with a grin. “So, let’s see what the place has to offer.”
“Well, hello you handsome fellas,” a sudden voice snaps them back to reality and when they look at its owner, Beth is smiling at them. “I thought it was you, so I just had to pop in and say hello.”
Dean can hear the people around them gasp a little. He wouldn’t be surprised if one of the elder people would end up with a heart attack due to all the fake drama being uncovered right now. Besides him, Cas draws in a deep breath, before speaking to his (fake) husband.
What a load of bullshit. Dean never loved himself, but Cas…He loved Cas so much, he forgot what hating himself felt like. Sometimes, the angel looked at the hunter like he was not only his entire world, but like Dean was an entire galaxy filled with wonder. And fuck, that scared Dean senseless.
Dean can’t help but gasp when the touch leaves him seeing stars. Behind him, the other man gives a small laugh.
It goes far more into depth of Dean's thoughts and feelings, but the song just perfectly fit this premise. Also, I'm kinda sad pride is over, but I'm still proud of each and every one of you :)
Before he can think twice about it, Cas finds himself sitting in the dark confession booth, while Father McKenzie takes place on the other side. Castiel never understood why humans found comfort in addressing their sins and asking God for forgiveness. God doesn’t care about them sleeping with their sister-in-law or stealing bread from a grocery store. But then again, God doesn’t even care about the big and awful things people do.
Dean always knew angels don’t have a comparable sex drive to humans. Hell, Anna even told him years ago angels usually don’t have sex. And in all honesty, Dean can barely remember the last time he had sex, it must have been months. Maybe already more than a year? He really doesn’t know anymore. A moment of silence hangs in the air before Sam breaks it.
Judging by the dawn breaking at the horizon, it must be around 5 am. Castiel’s eyes feel heavy, but the sound of footsteps shakes him awake. He didn’t expect Dean to stay, but he still hoped he would. At the door, Dean pauses and turns around to him again. His mouth opens, then closes, then opens again, only to be shut again in defeat. Whatever Dean wanted to say is lost in the deafening silence.
Like a miracle, they reach their gate and to Dean’s surprise, the train is still parked. A breath of relief passes over his lips, but it soon enough vanishes to a coughing fit. Damn, he really needs to start working out again. The other man moves his free hand to push the door open – and absolutely nothing happens. He pushes the button again and again, but they both just stare at the closed door. A second later the train sets in motion.
“Here, this one should fit,” she says and presses the larger ring into his shaking hands. Dean mutters an honest thanks, smacking a gentle kiss on her forehead, before sprinting over the lawn.
“Cas, I need to talk to you about something”, Dean suddenly hears himself say and bites his own lip in surprise. Castiel’s blue eyes turn to him, his face smiling kindly.
“Yeah?”, Castiel says, a smile in his voice. His heart already feels like it’s going to explode, but suddenly Cas is kissing Dean and wow, this is a good first kiss. Dean kisses back, and only smiles against Cas’ lips when the light bulbs in the room shatter with a loud bang.
“I want to apologize to you, Cas”, Dean starts, not really sure where to look, or where to put his hands, and why is his mouth so bloody dry, what the fuck?! “I kinda…avoided you in the last weeks, because I – I didn’t know what to say to you. And I am sorry for that…”
When he pulls his hand back into view, a box of condoms lays in his palm. A quick check confirms they aren’t expired, and Dean puts a few into the pocket of Castiel’s trenchcoat. The angel just looks at him confused, and Dean can’t help but smile at the sight.
“It’s alright, Sam. I will “take one for the team”, as Dean expressed it,” Cas announces, addressing the quote with a crook of his fingers. “But I’ll do it on my own terms, if that’s alright.”
“Please, don’t,” Dean whispers and Cas doesn’t argue. Of course, Dean doesn’t want to see him, Castiel suddenly realizes. He probably doesn’t even think of Castiel when they kiss, imaging himself with someone completely else. Cas just a distraction for Dean, the same way the ex-angel drowns himself in women and drugs. And yet, he takes what he can get. When he cups Dean’s cheeks, he realizes they are wet. When was the last time he saw Dean cry? It doesn’t matter, Cas decides, as he presses gentle kisses upon his cheeks.
The angel blade hits her right in the chest. Her purple eyes glance downwards, where the blood comes rushing out of her body. Apparently, she was so caught up in looking dangerous, she actually forgot to ward herself. And with Castiel’s heavenly aim, that could only end deadly for her. Jennifer sinks to her knees; the purple flashes of lightning slowly disappearing from the room. It’s only then when Dean decides to approach her. Blood is running down her mouth, but she’s still alive, watching the hunter carefully as he kneels down in front of her.
A moment later he can see the realization in Castiel’s blue eyes, where new tears start forming. He is smiling at him, and Dean can finally feel his heart beating again.
He meets Elliot again several years after their first meeting. He and Cas just interviewed the police station, and when they return, two men stand in front of the Impala. One of them is obviously fascinated by Baby, and Dean watches them with a smile.
Castiel climbs the stairs and dusts his shoulders; he looks at the sky.  This is going to be a bad one.  Hopefully, Sam is in a warm place. He walks past Dean and gives the cabin a cursory look. No signs of a fight.  A blanket is neatly folded on the couch.  Knowing the younger Winchester, he could have slept here and tidied up everything.
) Castiel, but he already wants it to be an everyday thing. He feels a pang of sadness, knowing that it’s not a possibility right now. He lets out a soft sigh as he studies the other man’s features and brushes some hair out of Castiel’s face.
“Dean, I did not play with your heart. You heard something and decided to build your own version of reality around it. And then, when I clarified your misunderstanding, you refused to believe me and attacked me. You don’t need me to play with your heart; you’re doing that on your own.”
Looking down, he sees a package of hot Italian sausage. He raises a brow at it and stares the links down for a moment, considering it. He could work with that. He smiles a small, proud grin to himself as he grabs a package from the back and places it in his little cart. He finds his way back over to the produce section and grabs some bell peppers. Red, yellow, and green. That will work, Dean nods to himself. Walking through the area, he decides to pick up a sweet onion and some garlic as well.
“You look tired, Dean,” Castiel comments. “Maybe it would be a good time to sleep?” Castiel glances at the clock, the minute hand getting closer to passing the hour. “It’s almost midnight, and it’s been a long day for the both of you,” he nods, looking between the two brothers.
” Dean buries his face into Castiel’s shoulder. “I-I can’t do this without you.” He chokes a sob back as his tears fall down onto Castiel’s body. “I...I love you, Cas,” his voice cracks. “And I am so damn sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.” He finishes, placing a kiss on the top of Castiel’s head. He coughs, wiping his face with the collar of his T-shirt. Cradling Castiel’s body gently, he rises to his feet and heads back in the direction they came.
After seeing Sam disappear into the bathroom, Castiel appears in front of Dean as he sits on the bed in his towel. He stands over Dean, eyeing the fabric that is just barely covering the other man.
“Dean. I’m back,” Castiel says, his voice low and calming. “I’m sorry that I have kept you in this state. Unfortunately, things are not going to get any easier tonight. I only hope you will not hate me when it is all done.” Castiel pulls a rolling table closer to Dean and places the bowl on top of it. He puts the washcloth into the warm water, turning to Dean. “I’m, uhhhh… going to remove those dirty clothes now.”
Dean’s glance at him hurts like a dagger. Castiel wants to scream. He wants to… He doesn’t know what he wants, but it doesn’t matter. Something has been broken. He knew he should have listened to his apprehension. Castiel pinches his lips. Whatever will happen from here needs to take place after Crowley is gone. There is no need to add fuel to the raging fire.
“I’m going to assume that Samantha gave you my address. I know I didn’t,” Castiel mumbles, closing the door behind him. He turns around, slipping past Dean, and starts to pick up the random items scattered around the room. “I’m sorry for the mess. Had I known you were coming by, I would have been prepared for company,” he shrugs again, righting a blanket.
“It could be an underground bunker, like our own, but it seems much more deadly. Looks like advanced security, traps, narrow corridors to stop any element of surprise. Dean, I’m worried about Cas being there,” Sam looks at Dean, navigating between thoughts. “There were ten of them that I saw. I’m not sure if there are more, though,” Sam shakes his head.
Dean reaches the hole and begins quickly down the stairs, machete at the ready. His eyes dart around, attempting to adjust to the dimness. “Cas!? Sam!?” He calls before seeing the aftermath after the explosion he had heard. As he calls for the men, his voice becomes more erratic and panicked. Dean’s eyes widen as he sees Sam with Castiel behind him. He looks between the two men taking in their appearance, swallowing hard as he eyes Castiel’s tattered shirt. “What happened?” Dean asks quickly, his eyes with fear and concern.
“Dean! Dean! It’s okay. You’re safe.” Castiel tries to assure him, placing a hand on his chest to calm him.
Castiel steps outside and is met by a gust of cold wind. He blinks the flurries away and starts walking around the cabin.  His feet quickly sink deep, his shoes filling with snow. He ignores the discomfort and turns the corner.  The snowdrift is even higher, he trudges on.   By the time he gets to the back of the cabin, the wind is howling and the snow blinding.  The chances of finding anything in this weather are slim.  He decided to head back.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Confusion plain on Dean’s face. “We can’t feel responsible for every person we lose, Cas. You’ll drive yourself mad if you do that,” Dean walks around the table, attempting to get close to the distraught angel. “Cas, please…” he leaves the plea hanging in the air.
Castiel gets closer to the cage, checking carefully for traps this time. Gripping the bars, he rips the door off the frame, tossing it clear across the room. “Dean is above, and we need to get out of here before the vampires arrive.” Castiel takes Sam’s arm, pulling him quickly to the blasted hole in the wall, and starts taking the steps, Sam walking in front of him.
Turning the water on again, Castiel puts the bowl under the stream, his thoughts wandering to what he shared with Dean. Pressing his covered erection against the sink, Castiel tries to lessen the lust he feels. The pain of the drawer digging against his member is enough to stave off the need but almost makes him go over the edge. He shudders a shaky breath while rinsing out the washcloth, and then teleports back into the room.
“I- really?” Dean’s heart pounds noisily against his rib cage, and he feels his cock twitch in interest. He sucks in a breath as he bites down on his bottom lip to stifle a moan at the thought.
Castiel looks at the door and whispers, “Challenge accepted,” in the very lowest of sounds, as he sees Sam quickly stand and rush the door.
The sound of water filters through the door and into the living room, and Castiel hears faint talking from down the hall. He assumes Dean found out how to turn on his television. Smiling to himself, he tests the water and steps into the stream. Castiel groans as the hot stream spills over his back. Reaching over, he presses his palms to the cold tile, letting the stress of the past few days run down the drain of his shower.
“Yeah, Cas?” There is some rustling in the room as Dean struggles to get his pants back on. A couple soft cus words are muttered, then an ouch when Dean smacks his leg on the table near the couch in his haste to get to Castiel. Dean comes running over to the door, pulling it back. He stops, blinking his eyes at a very naked Castiel. Dean’s mouth gapes open, and he coughs. “Did you need that back scrub?” He bites his lip, trying really hard to just maintain eye contact and not let his gaze drift to the angel’s softly chiseled form.
The mask broke. Dean was startled like a deer caught in the headlights. He shook his head slowly and looked away. It took a few moments before he spoke.
“Max?” He tried to not sound too disappointed but still couldn’t figure out why Dean would ask about that boy.
The Ghost Facers split up a few years ago. Maggie moved to an other state focusing on roller derby and Kenny started a startup company. They wanted a normal life, they said.
In the next few days I look for Beelzebub without any luck. Maybe he – or she? – heard about the other two’s death and hides somewhere. I hope I can take him or her or whatever out quickly and move on with this. Preferably move on to kill that son of a bitch Crowley.
“Do you know her?” he asked. “I mean, she used to be an Archangel of Death, you’re working for Death…”
I look around on the ground and once I see the key I pick it up. I quickly detach the rings and keep them in separate hands. Better to keep them away from the other. The Devil’s not sleeping.
Sam turned his back to Hannah and rushed down the stairs. The angel followed him. Getting down, Sam looked around and saw a female body on the floor with an angel blade next to her.
“Second chances, man!” Dean stepped away but was still holding Sam by his arms. “Not an everyday miracle.”
Castiel couldn’t yell or say anything in shock. Susie’s eyes widened. Her mouth opened to a silent gasp and her body trembled as the blade left her. Her breathing became quicker as she glanced down at the wound that steadily soaked her cloths with blood.
“Letting go doesn’t mean you have to leave each other. You are family and family sticks together. What you have to do is to let yourselves be who you really are. If that means that you live in different states then live in different states. There’s the phone and you have a car. You can move on with your lives and still be a family. You just have to be ready for it.”
Dean saw the eyes of that woman again and he almost couldn’t fight back the shiver that threatened to shake his whole body.
“I can’t stop my body, Cas.” Dean’s voice was empty but Castiel somehow felt the pain behind it. “If you don’t do something before I get to you, I’ll kill you.”
Dean impatiently looked at his watch. He didn’t have time for this. He had to hurry before Cas got himself into trouble. Because he would for sure.
Dean had no idea the Man of Letters had any other buildings, and now he found this so close to the bunker. What the hell was this? Why was it here? Was it some hidden storage building? There was only one way to find out.
“This is what I’m talking about. This pain is unbearable even for you, Castiel. I always admired you for your strength but this pain would break you down too.”
“Not much” Crowley said. “Honestly, it would be easier to find Doctor Who then this Father Time guy.”
“I have to talk to Castiel for a moment.” Then she added, looking at the angel, ignoring Sam’s heavy sigh. “In private.”
Beth panted heavily, anger twisting her features, but after a long moment her teeth took a more human look along with her eyes. She moved her gaze around the three of them, then it settled on Dean.
She looked at every little information, everything she needed to know, everything that was important for the others.
“Why?” I ask. “Did you see him? He can barely stand on his legs! He’s… He’s halfway into his grave!”
The nurse handed him the prescription, a paper he didn’t bother to look at and a long list of foods which he curiously read through. Mainly rabbit food. Amazing.
Children needed fresh air every day, so they took turns who would go outside with Dean. It was Kevin and Castiel’s turn now.
He felt Cas sitting next to him. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have a friend like him. The other day was not one of his proudest moments, not to mention everything he had done as a demon, and the former angel was still here, caring about him. This was the last push he needed so he took a deep breath and braced himself.
Dean nodded but he was still uncertain. Not that Sam and Cas wasn’t capable of hunting on their own, but Sam was still ill and Cas was a human. He wanted to go with them just to make sure they’d be okay but he would just rush into danger. And he really wasn’t for that.
Seated at the edge of the bed, Castiel looked down at his hands, shaking slightly after using the stolen Grace. He was exhausted. Dean somehow took a great amount of Grace from him and he had no idea how. The man’s body absorbed the Grace like a sponge would water, but unlike the sponge that would stay wet, the Grace in Dean was undetectable. Like a black hole had consumed it. He had to find an answer to this. If something was going on with Dean – be it either good or bad – he had to know.
After a quick planning they said their goodbyes to Garth and made them promise they would stay inside until they called them. The younger man gave his new number to Dean and after agreeing that Dean would call them as soon as they find out something, they were on their way to the meeting place. Castiel was driving while Dean took a short rest on the backseat. He didn’t have to try convincing him for long, Dean gave in almost immediately. He needed to sleep.
Cold ran down Kevin’s spine. It was an angel. Somehow she got inside. Metatron sent her and now she was after him. She wanted to kill him and take the angel tablet. If not Gadreel, then an other angel would murder him.
“I won’t let you destroy yourself if Cas is dead. I’m selfish enough to keep you around, Dean. I need you. After all, we’ve been through, can’t you see that? I know you want me to have a life, but it wouldn’t be the same without you. I couldn’t do it if you’re gone.” Sam grips his brother’s shoulders, turning him to face. “You’re the reason I fight as hard as I do. So many times, I just wanted to give up, give in, and just forget everything. You being here, with me, is the only thing that keeps me fighting.” Sam doesn’t pull his emotional punches when addressing Dean. He wants him to understand that there is no option of Dean leaving his side.
Castiel stares at the fire for a while, Dean’s humming and clanking fading out as he focuses.  Ever since he got his grace back, his powers have returned. He has taken so much damage that he sometimes feels like a car fixed after a crash; the body looks like new, but the engine won’t ever truly perform as it used to.  His brow furrows.  Has Dean noticed?  Is this why...
Dean takes a moment to compose himself, looking down at the floor and trying to stretch his neck. He can see that he is still rock hard, the tip glistening and dripping wet. “What is Cas doing to me?” Dean whispers to no one.
>> Everything is fine. I’ll send Dean a text and let him know that I’m okay. I’m sorry to have put you in the center of all of this, but I appreciate it. I should probably work on calling the insurance company so we can rebuild and get back to work.
Dean finds his way to the canned goods and picks up a can of diced tomatoes. Making a detour by the bakery, he picks up some fresh hoagie style buns. Dean’s headed to the check out when he stops in his tracks and side-eyes the pies. Dean’s not sure if Castiel is a dessert guy, let alone likes pie, but he can’t help himself, and a fresh apple pie finds its way into the shopping cart.
“I think it’ll be a little more intimate than that because I don’t have one of the special vessels for it. You’ll have to take it from me. Now, when we do this, we’re going to be tied together. A piece of me will always be with you. This means, if you’d allow me, you can be a temporary vessel for me.” Castiel explains, slowly and clearly, giving a chance for Dean to change his mind.
The room is dark, and feeling incredibly warm, Dean comes awake, arms and legs tangled with someone else. Turning his head, he’s surprised to see the sleeping angel next to him, he tries not to move too much, but Castiel opens his eyes and smiles. “Good Morning, Dean. How are you feeling?” The angel slowly pulls his arms back from Dean’s chest and untangles his legs.
Dean feels his blood run cold as Sam talks about the possibility of something happening to Castiel. He looks back to the trunk, looking for syringes of dead-man’s-blood. Dean sniffs lightly as he shuffles some guns around. “I’m not making any promises there, Sam,” he coughs, pulling out 4 syringes holding two out to Sam. “So hopefully, it doesn’t come to that.” He glares at his younger brother, daring him to push the issue.
“Great, Cas. Tell me where you are, and I’ll meet you there.” Sam replies, a slight hint of panic in his voice.
Sam follows Castiel with his eyes. “Dean, I’ve just never heard about an angel falling in love with a human before. I’m curious to know why and how it happens. I’m also curious to see how mating is different when the species is not the same. Unlike you, Dean, I think all the time about everything. So I’m sorry if I have a lot of questions, but this is interesting, and you told me you’d answer.” Sam returns his eyes to his brother, taking another swig from his beer.
“You’re such a gentle lover, Dean,” Castiel whispers, his voice scratchy and rough. He runs his hands over the other man’s face, a tiny grin pulling at his lips. His eyes search Dean’s, finding contentment in the moment between them.
Dean nods in agreement. “Yeah, that’s probably why my microwave is my best friend,” he lifts the corners of his mouth slightly. Dean clears his throat and starts for the kitchen. “So, I hope you’re okay with what I grabbed,” he says, setting the bags and beer on the counter. He feels the tips of his ears prick as Castiel’s challenge settles in his brain.
“Dean, damn IT! Stop lying to me. I’ve spent enough time at this table to know they weren’t here. Did this have to do with what you and Cas were hashing out?” Sam leans closer, searching his brother’s face. “Dean, tell me what happened… what did you do to Cas? I’ve never seen him so out of his mind like he was earlier. Yes, he’s been reckless in the past, but this is over the top. I feel like he’s trying to prove something to us.” Sam taps the table, still staring at his brother.
“I was... frustrated with him,” Dean says, tapping his fingers on the table before looking at his watch. “How long did they say for the pizza?” He asks cocking an eyebrow.
As the second plate is finished, Castiel places the pan in the sink and picks up the plate on the counter. He grabs his beer and wanders into the adjoining dining room. He takes a seat and immediately digs in.
Castiel’s vision blurred again but he didn’t feel wetness this time. The power drained out of his body and he felt his head dropping.
But if those were gloves, why did he smell metal? Why did his hands feel so wet? Why was that thing dripping on his knees, soaking his jeans? Why did he feel his inside twisting and what was that sudden urge to vomit? His ears were ringing and he heard the whispers getting closer, snickering at his misery, and he wanted to hide somewhere, preferably under his blanket and put his headphones on and listen to something loud until he couldn’t hear anything for days.
Dean looked behind him quickly. Timmy watched them with his big eyes, probably not understanding why his guitar teacher was so upset. He just saw that Dean made Robin sad. Would Mama Ghost think he was a threat?
“No. You stay here.” Charlie opened her mouth to protest but Dorothy quickly continued. “You are needed here more than in Oz. I’ll be away for only a few days.”
Dean turned back to the panting angel and just stared at him. With the hand he had on the other’s face he lightly brushed Cas’ cheeks. Dean’s lips trembled as if he wanted to say something but he couldn’t find the words. Meanwhile the noise of the ripple got louder. They were running out of time.
“Well” Lee started, folding his arms. “I was wondering when we start bickering like five-year-olds.”
“No. It was James. James Winchester. He was a great man. He helped my family when I was bitten at a young age. Thanks to him I can hold back the beast in me.”
He could hear the Winchester pushing a chair then a door closing. By the way he breathed Ed guessed he was walking.
“She’ll be back soon, Dean. She’ll ask the Wizard about the stone. Maybe he knows something that can help us.”
“No problem. It’s important and needs a lot of attention.” She glanced away for a short moment. “I should be the one to apologize. I told you I would be back soon.”
Castiel’s eyes didn’t leave the darkness. He swallowed hard, beads of sweat formed on the back of his neck. Of course it was a trap. He knew it from the beginning. But he couldn’t think about his own life now when Susie was in danger. Poor girl was in danger because he knew her. Trap or not, he had to risk his life for her safety.
“Why are you here?” Dean asked. “I thought angels can’t dream walk without wings.” He paused. “Are reapers angels?”
Cas. He already lost Dean. He already lost Hannah. He wouldn’t let Cas die too. They would both survive this.
The angel nodded with agreement and his eyes shined up blue. Sam’s face took on a Sam-like expression after the light faded. Sam looked around, a little disoriented, then his eyes settled on Kevin, clearly surprised to see him across the table.
Castiel was shocked to hear Dean talking about himself like it was an other person. The demon seemed to see this written all over his face because he stepped closer to the ring of blue flames with a smirk.
Kevin stood up and walked to the sink to wash his face. The cold water helped to ease the pain a little but he needed some caffeine in his system to function properly. So with one final yawn he left his room to get some breakfast.
Dean looked over at him from the other side of the bed and seemed a little taken aback that the former angel was already watching him.
A door stands in my way. I put the Blade in my other hand and hit the door with my fist. The wood screams every time I punch it and soon it gives in to my power. The pieces fall on the ground and I climb through the hole.
“You are scared” Dean continued, now speaking to the Empty itself. “You were dragged out of the place you always knew into this world. It’s confusing and scary and you’re lashing out on the one who caused all of this. You’re not doing this because you’re evil. You just want help.”
He already missed those idjits. It was good to see them again after all those years. Sam had grown a lot. Well, not in height but in spirit. All the hardship made him stronger. And Cas. Cas showed more emotions than he had remembered. He understood humans more. And he was certain he had more human in him than angel. Good. That was good.
Hannah thought back to the time at Nicole’s home. How she had helped her to understand the human world. She had also thought her how important it was to never trust anyone until you knew them better.
“But I haven’t seen him since I was a boy” the reverend continued. “You’re his… great-grandson, right? What happened to him?”
Dean locked eyes with Sam who was glad to finally meet the familiar greens again. His emotional reaction to Cas’ pain was so honest, so heartbreaking, Sam didn’t understand how a supposedly demon could act like this. He reminded himself to ask about it later when they got out of this mess.
Nicole jumped out of the automobile, paced around it for several minutes, muttering to herself while she rubbed her forehead. Hannah watched her patiently until the human sat back next to her.
he didn’t want to be alone. He needed somebody’s closeness. Someone familiar who would chase his fears away. But there was nobody. He was in the middle of nowhere, Sam and Kevin far behind him, Cas far ahead. He had to survive the night on his own.
He wanted them to stay a little longer. Just until Jody appeared too. She missed the boys just like him. He could only imagine their reunion. Jody scolding them for being stupid, hugging them tightly then scolding some more. The thought made him smile but it quickly faded.
“I’m returning back to Heaven for a while” she announced. “I’m bringing some other books and scrolls from the archive.”
A long silence followed his words so Dean opened his eyes curiously. Susie was watching him with rounded orbs.
“There’s no need to apologize. I must say, we really are a pair of hopelessly lamentable individuals.”
The comparison… It’d hit him like a truck, to be honest. Because if Sam had been comparing Dean’s… grief to his own he had felt when losing the love of his life then that had to mean…
Mama Ghost tilted her head, looking at Timmy questioningly. She reached out towards him, offering a hug, to what Timmy just shook his head.
“I don’t know if your friend informed you yet but you almost had a seizure caused by a long period of low sugar level in your blood. Did you have any problems with it previously in your life?”
“That was because the ripple reached you.” Castiel fought back the nausea when he remembered that he had intentionally let the ripple alter the Winchester’s life all because of a meaningless and stupid war. “Now it didn’t. Yet.”
Castiel sighed. He had to get out of here. He couldn’t wait for Sam and Dean to arrive. He had to free himself and take Susie out of here as soon as possible.
They waited until they were sure Bonnie was back in her office then reentered the building. As suspected, Tammy was still there. When she noticed them she eyed Dorothy warily.
He stopped at the bottom of the stairs. This was where he had seen Dean again. He hadn’t remembered him at that time yet but he remembered he couldn’t shake off the feeling that he had known that man. The pain on his face had ached him and he hadn’t been able to tell why. The only thing he had known was that he had to help the man to save his brother. He had to follow him wherever he went.
“I don’t know and I don’t care right now. All I want to do is to pick Cas up, with or without angels, and get back to the bunker as quick as possible.” Dean looked at Sam. “You feel okay to call him?”
“But Sariel wouldn’t try to spare a kid, I think. Maybe ze needed an adult body?” Charlie suggested. “You know, nobody takes a child seriously.”
“My boyfriend hit me once” Ann Marie admits one night. There aren’t many people in the bar so she can sit with me at a table. She nervously rubs her finger on the surface of the table and doesn’t look into my eyes. “It started as a simple argument but… Things got dirty quickly. I ran away and here I am.”
“More or less” the woman answered. “Charlie and I were in Oz to fight a revolution. We came back last week.”
Castiel watched Bobby for a while. The older man’s eyes shone with honesty like he truly understood what the angel was going through. But he didn’t believe what Bobby just told him was true. Castiel knew his past mistakes were too great to deserve anything better than an eternity in the Pit.
!” Dean was about to sit up but the sudden pain in his head pulled him back on the pillow. His vision blurred but he couldn’t care less about it. He had to find Cas. He was in danger.
That’s why I return to Hell. I appear in Crowley’s office who sits behind his desk like he was expecting me. Maybe he knew I would go back. Maybe it was all in his twisted plan.
angel had informed them about the ripple and how he and the Winchesters had been sent back in time. He had also told them about Metatron and the game he had played with all of them in that other future. Hannah had her doubts regarding the reliability of Castiel. He was a human now. And humans lied.
Castiel glanced one last time at the two then followed Sam down the corridor leading to the dorms. Being back at the place he came to call his home was uplifting. Especially after their successful mission of travelling back in time and turning Dean back to a human. They were extremely lucky to prevail against all obstacles. They had been in a hopeless situation in the hands of certain death but they surmount to their destiny. They had come out victorious.
Everyone looked up as one person. Kevin reentered the library, followed my Ms. Tran. Kevin had an annoyed face when he stopped next to Dean – the side where Dorothy sat, - while Linda sat next to Sam.
Sam chuckled with honest happiness. Maybe he even had tears in his eyes too but he was exhausted to notice them or care to wipe them away.
“Hush! I know you Sam. You don’t want to bring anyone into this life of yours because you fear what would happen to them. Just like Dean. But you have the better advantage in this case. Hannah is in a female vessel so there is no denial or inner struggle between what was beaten into you and what you desire. Well, my personal headcanon is that you’re polysexual, so there wouldn’t…”
“And you can’t leave him yet” Cas nodded and looked at the storage too. “So you cause a diversion, luring out the demon while I free the prisoners?”
“I’m not finished with the whole yet. There are a few more lines on the tablet I have to figure out but I’ll finish with it soon.”
The blood in Castiel’s veins froze. It wasn’t Dean’s voice. Just like his eyes, it was a demon’s too. With every step the other man took towards him, the fear grew in him. It was new. He was never afraid of Dean. He feared for his safety and wellbeing, but he never felt fear because of him.
He shouldn’t have come here. He should have known Crowley would just play with him, bruise his heart and soul more with his words. He had better to do than to listen to the demon.
What should I ask? He won’t tell me anything that would bring me closer to anything, like how can I get rid of the Mark, where’s Cas’ Grace, where’s Cain and where’s Father Time. So I ask the next thing that bothers me for a long time now.
For the second time this day I don’t know what’s going on with me. I feel the Mark complaining, telling me to give it blood but somehow I…
Becky rubbed her palms together and muttered something under her breath that sounded like ‘Sam knows’ but he wasn’t sure. Then she quickly returned to her seriousness.
“Wow, that’s…” She tried to find the best word. “Wow. So you already know how this case ends and you still want the girls to solve it on their own?”
Sam patted him on the shoulder then turned back to Crowley who watched the show in front of him with an amused look on his face.
“Why not? Ripples are curious things, Hannah. They can throw the order off balance easily. Time is the greatest force of the world. Not even Heaven has a chance against it.”
Dean nods, glancing around the room, making sure he has everything before grabbing his keys and making his way to the door. “Yeah, let’s go,” Dean replies, running a hand over his face.
“Well, I don’t really have a place to live, but I found this abandoned building, and no one owns it, so I took it. It’s far enough out that I can do what I need, and I’ll never be disturbed. It’s also difficult to get away from.” Castiel explains, nonchalant.
“Are you sure you want to give me this, Dean?” Castiel questions. “I am quite the needy man,” Castiel laughs as the nurse makes her way to the side of his bed. “See you around, angel,” he quips, winking at the man who saved his life.
Castiel reaches over, opening a drawer on the coffee table. He grabs the bottle of lube he finds. “Dean, with your fingers, if-if you want to,” he moans, then releases himself, sitting up.
“Okay,” Dean heads deeper into the cabin. “Hey, Boyyo! Where are you?” Dean calls out for Sam, still not hearing any kind of rustling. Climbing the stairs to the second floor, his head peeking over the stairs, but no one is there. Dean climbs back down, hanging out on the main floor, waiting on Castiel to finish his sweep of the area.
Dean’s eyes close, and he lets out a loud moan around the throbbing flesh in his mouth. He reddens under Castiel’s praise, causing his own cock to harden even more if that was possible, and does his best to give Castiel what he wants, picking up his pace. God, he could listen to Castiel’s voice and noises forever.
Dean closes the screen on his laptop before taking a drink of his coffee. He couldn’t seem to get the man he pulled from his first fire, not even twenty-four hours ago, out of his mind. Just hoping and praying to whomever, or whatever would listen, that the man would be okay and make a full recovery. Dean couldn't understand why he hadn’t recognized the guy, though. He was sure the man had never personally checked him out at the shop or assisted him. Dean would remember a shade of blue so stunning and that sharp, defined jawline. Scrubbing a hand over his face, Dean lets out a sigh as a hand claps him on the back.
Sam hears his brother approaching and walks further up the hallway. Looking around at the carnage in each of the rooms. “Jesus, Cas, why the hell would you do all of this?” He whispers to himself. Climbing up the stairs, he takes in a huge breath, trying to clear his nose of the death and blood from below. He gets to the car, waiting for his brother. Turning around, he sees Dean carrying Castiel, the angel unmoving and non-responsive, in his arms. Sam shakes his head, tears falling from his eyes finally. Quickly wiping them away before his brother can see them, he makes his face as emotionless as possible to not make Dean more uncomfortable. He opens the door to the back, waiting.
The knock at the door startles Castiel from his thoughts. It’s probably Dean, so he leaves the kitchen and heads to the door. He throws it wide open, smiling at the broad man in front of him. “Welcome back, honey!” Castiel exclaims, a broad smile on his face. He has his sleeves rolled up, ready to get on with dinner. “What did you forage for us, oh, great hunter?”
Dean shakes his head, taking the receipt back from Aaron. “Hey, it’s called hentai, okay?” He clarifies, stuffing the receipt back in his wallet. “And it’s an art form,” he chuckles, putting his wallet away.  “For the record, that shop is my go-to. It’s really well-run. It’s always clean, the staff is nice, and if they don’t have something in stock, they can special order it for you, and it normally gets there pretty quick,” Dean nods.
Dean grunts arching up at the feeling of Castiel exiting him. Sitting up on the table, a sudden sense of exhaustion washes over him as he rubs his face with his hands. Reaching out, he steadies himself, putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He closes his eyes as his head lulls back as he lets out a yawn. He smiles sleepily at Castiel and chuckles lightly. “That was....well...I don’t even know, Cas,” he sighs, getting lost in his thoughts.
"I'll be fine. You might like to know that Dean gave me his phone number and told me that he would provide for me if I needed anything. What a gentleman, huh?" Castiel laughs as he pushes the door open. He grabs the bag from the floorboard and waves before closing the door. Fishing his keys out, he wanders up the walk to his door. He turns to Samantha, still waiting in her car, and shoos her off. She shakes her head but does as he asks. She pulls away and down the street, waving out her window. Castiel smiles and unlocks the door, stepping over the threshold.
Dean pants as his breaths ruffle Castiel’s hair. He fights the press of the teeth against his gums, against the call of the bloodlust. He doesn’t want to attack Castiel again; instead, he wants to understand what is causing the angel to act like this. His green eyes lock with Castiel’s blue ones, and he can see that Castiel is holding himself in check. The angel’s body is practically shuddering with the amount of control it’s taking.
The water of the shower is hot, and the air soon fills with steam. For a dingy cabin in the middle of the woods, the pressure isn’t bad. Castiel stoops a little to put his head under the stream, leaning on the wall in front of him with his hands. He tries to clear his mind, to focus on the task at hand, but his thoughts keep taking him back to Dean. Forcing himself of his reverie, he looks for soap or shampoo but finds none. He shrugs and turns the water off. As soon as he opens the curtain, goosebumps form on his body. He looks around. No towel. Dean must have given him the only one earlier. He eyes his wet clothes bunched in an unappealing pile on the floor. Stepping out of the tub, Castiel tries to shake the water off as much as possible. He then gets close to the door and calls out.
Dean groans, turning the alarm off on his phone and dropping it on the mattress beside him. He lets out a big yawn and rubs the sleep out of his eyes as he shuffles out of bed, making his way to the kitchen to get a mug of hot, life-saving nectar. Allowing his mind to wander, he sets his coffee pot up and starts to feel more and more awake already with a low hum of excitement about starting his day.
Sam stretches a bit, thoughts running through his mind about where the angel could be and why he hasn’t contacted them.
“You’re funny and witty, kind, thoughtful, smart,” Dean breathes, “Not to mention you’re gorgeous,” he takes a breath. “I’m glad we did this,” Dean nods.
Castiel’s eyes snap wide as he looks at the man penetrating him. He never thought he would have the honor of being filled by Dean, and the feeling is so much more than he anticipated. He pulls at the cuffs again, lifting his hips to give Dean more room. “That’s right, show me how much you love me, Dean.” The words fall from Castiel’s lips in a seductive drawl. “Use me as you will.”
“Yeeeeeessss,” Castiel drags out, “but you’re also a vampire, and I can’t take the chance of you getting free, not that you could go very far. I promised you that I would be gentle, and I will, but know that I’ll have to touch places… that I have not touched before.”
“We have a customer, Samantha,” Castiel reminds the woman, his eyes glued to the screen. He thanks himself for upgrading his equipment last year. The new cameras catch every detail of the store in stunningly clear color and sharpness. So when the tall, handsome man steps up to the counter, Castiel lets out a shaking breath. “Goodness, who are you?”
Dean’s eyes narrow, grabbing the remote and turning the television off. “Um, home?” He furrows his brow, thinking of to whom the voice belongs.
Dean sets his glass down and nods and smiles at the waiter. “Yeah. Everything’s been great. Perfect. Thank you,” he says.
“I can’t be there all the time, and I think that someone needs to be there with Castiel. He told me that you gave him your phone number and offered to help. Well, I think you should help him. His address is twenty-five thirty-six Blue Cloud Way. I dropped him off last night,” Samantha says, her voice mellowing out.
to be, Cas,” Dean drops the towel and starts for the bathroom. “Didn’t think you’d wanna miss the show,” he calls over his shoulder, stepping into the shower.
Castiel allows his mouth to be invaded, moaning deep in his throat. Burying his free hand into Dean’s hair, he picks up the pace of his stroking, his tongue dancing with Dean’s.
That is it for Til My Heart Stops. It is so short and sweet and sometimes I wonder what more we could have done with it, but in the end, I am happy for what I got out of it. Thank you Tomoe2, for your friendship and this moment we shared. Stay tuned for more stories in the future!
He furrows his brow, his mind racing, trying to figure out which of Crowley’s words set off Dean. Suddenly it clicks.
Dean smirks and laughs. He watches Castiel before he looks around and finds some shampoo and cleans his hands before getting some and lathering up his hair. “I’m sure you do,” Dean sighs, letting the water rinse out his hair. “That was probably the best orgasm I’ve ever had,” he yawns softly before turning his attention back to Castiel, concern shadowing his features. “How are you feeling?” Dean asks.
“I let you into my house, didn’t I?” Castiel retorts, moving back a smidge to let Dean through. As the other man passes, Castiel follows behind, closing the door. “I’m sure whatever you bought will be delicious and fun to make,” he says, his voice carrying in the room.
Sam sits in the car, studying Castiel’s body. The bites and the gash on his head are the worst of the damage. He understands now how there was so much blood. The head wound itself was enough to bleed out an average human. How did Cas manage to hold out long enough to kill everyone down in that hanger? The question keeps building in his brain, and also the fact that Dean didn’t dispute Cas’ love… There is something more between his brother and the angel.
Castiel sighs, not looking forward to this phone call. Castiel curses himself because he doesn’t have the report he needs before putting the claim in. Pulling his shoes back on, Castiel looks up the fire station’s address and goes back outside. He starts up the car, punches in the directions into his GPS, and takes off down the road.
“Well, we can take care of that for you, and you can take your slithery ass back to the pits of hell, where you belong.” Dean crosses the room, about to break the trap.
“I DON’T KNOW!” Dean roars, gripping the angel tight, by his arms, once more. “All I know is that I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything in my life. If-if my jealousy, that you might have chosen someone before, me
A loud moan vibrates in Dean’s chest as he bites down hard on his bottom lip to muffle the sounds just a bit. His eyes pop open as he feels himself suddenly tipping over the edge. “I...ugh...cAs,” he hisses as he comes hard down Castiel’s throat.
Dean rolls over as his eyes peel open, seeing Sam sitting up. He yawns, settling himself on his back, glancing over his shoulder at Sam. “You alright?” He asks as he rubs the sleep out of his eyes before sitting up, taking a quick glance around the room.
Samantha smiles at her boss, then looks down at the paper on top of her cash drawer. “That was a Mister Dean Winchester. Seems into strange Japanese porn and Asian women. He put in a special order,” she smiles, then blows the slip off of the drawer and watches as the paper falls into Castiel’s lap.
” Castiel gasps, “Baby, that tongue.” His eyes flutter closed, and he digs his head deeper into the pillowed backing behind him.
Sam backs up, looking at his brother protecting the lifeless angel. “Dean, we don’t know if there are other vampires here. I don’t want to lose you both,” Sam sighs, backing up. “I won’t be too far ahead that I can’t hear you if something happens, but I will give you some time with him. Just, don’t take too long. It’ll be dark soon, and if there are more monsters, I don’t want to be down here when they return. Also, he deserves a hunter’s funeral. We’ll need to find the materials.” Sam leaves the ruined hanger, walking around the corner and out of sight.
Tossing the bottle on the nightstand, Dean growls as he moves forward on his knees, leaning into the headboard gripping it firmly for support. His eyes roll into the back of his head at the feel of Castiel’s fingers as they enter him. He angles his hips and aching cock towards Castiel’s mouth. He looks down, locking eyes with his angel, biting down on his lip as he pushes himself between Castiel’s warm lips. Dean’s head falls back, a moan escaping his throat.
Lightning shoots up Castiel’s spine, and he comes off the couch, back bending like a bow being pulled. “There,” he yells, his cock filling more, plumping up further in Dean’s mouth. “Shit, fuck,
Dean frowns slightly at the news and looks down at his watch. “Alright, I’m not doing anything, so I can head over there with some breakfast,” he clears his throat. “What does he like?” Dean asks, tapping his pen on the notepad.
The sound of ruffling feathers fills the room. “Hello, Dean.” Castiel manages to get out, his voice hoarse and filled with deep regret. He shouldn’t have come, his heart feels like it is breaking just from looking at Dean, but the lure of his voice, his prayer, was too much to stay away.
Crowley moves over to the couch, sits down, and crosses his legs. He then takes an angel blade out of his jacket’s inside pocket and points it at Dean as he talks.
Castiel sits where Dean was just sitting, the same exact spot from earlier. He manages to keep his urges inside, especially with Sam and perhaps Dean so close by. He gingerly touches his shoulder, the place where Dean brushed past him. “Why are you so angry with me, Dean? Why won’t you open up and talk to me about what you’re feeling or experiencing.” Castiel ponders, looking at the open door, waiting to see if anyone will come back.
Dean grabs his phone from its spot on the couch next to him and checks for any new messages or calls. Nothing. He lets out a soft sigh, dropping the phone on his lap. He assumed Castiel would have been discharged from the hospital by now and hoped to hear from him. He grabs his coffee and takes a quick sip, trying to pay attention to the movie he put on, but finding it difficult to concentrate.
Dean thinks to himself thoughtfully for a moment chewing on his bottom lip. Pushing up from the bed, he walks over to the door, shuts it, and locks it with a metallic click. Dean turns back to Castiel as he peels the wet shirt from his body before lifting it over his head, tossing it aside with a thud. Dean walks closer to the bed and narrows his eyes at Castiel as he looks over the restraints. “You can’t hurt me with the cuffs on…” He eyes Castiel’s erection through the sweatpants. “I could…” His eyes meet Castiel’s, searching for any way to ease his angel’s pain and discomfort.
Peeling off his clothes, Castiel enters his master bathroom. Going over to the shower, he turns the water as hot as he can stand and enters the enclosure. The steam and warmth flood his senses, and he moans softly.
Dean turns the volume back down and looks in the direction of the commotion. He bites his lip, and before he can control his legs, he’s approaching the door and knocks softly. “Cas, you alright?” He calls through the door.
Watching Dean come apart on top of him is all Castiel needs, and with a loud growl, he bottoms out inside of Dean, blasting his load deep inside of him. He pulls Dean to his chest, his heart thundering in his ears, “What did I do to deserve you?” Castiel inhales deep. The smell of their passion is mixed with the scent of soap, whiskey, and a light smattering of mint.
Dean chuckles nervously and shakes his head, feeling his blush deepen even more at the man's words. He was really hoping Castiel was serious, and it wasn’t just whatever meds they were giving him talking. “I wanted to come to check on you and make sure you were doing okay,” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “I was also directed to come to see you,” he chuckles, picking up the bag and sitting down in the chair. “I, uh, brought you some clothes and things. They typically toss the stuff you come in with, and I wanted to make sure you had something,” Dean smiles sheepishly.
Castiel didn't do a good job of this, apparently, and it tore him in two. Dean was hurting and he couldn't do much more but watch.
"Woah!", Dean stumbled backwards equally freaked and amazed. "You just- Damn." He wasn't getting used to this. "Thought I take you out and introduce you to some … earthly circumstances to enjoy."
Castiel's hand stroked his cheek gently. "There's always another monster. You're not killing them, you're killing yourself. Don't do that. I want to be with you. I'll always be with you. I love you, you hear me?"
Dean didn't believe her. Suspicious, his eyes followed the young Indian waitress back to the counter. Why did she wink at him? Was she plotting something?
With newfound determination he jumped out of the bed. This had to stop, now! He gathered a bowl, some candles and a few ingredients from his bag and arranged it all on the small table. A circle with a few symbols was drawn in chalk quickly. The knife was heavy in his hand as he cut himself, drops of blood fell into the bowl and onto bones, herbs and a photograph of the two of them. A fun day at a mall, that Castiel had never used a photo booth before almost shocked Dean …
"You didn't miss anything", Dean waved the apology aside with a greasy hand. "Except for some heavy cursing, this one was way too attached to its fanbelt." He kicked against the tire equal parts playful and disdainful, elbow still hurting.
In the back an old song was playing: "Every rose has it's thorn, just like every night has its dawn …", and Dean rolled his eyes at it. Not that he didn't like this song, but he wasn't in a cheesy romantic mood tonight. Something more primal and carnal was on his mind, something quick and dirty and sweaty, no strings attached. Just like the night he had met Cas …
"How can I not worry?", Dean asked, voice still too loud but he didn't know where else to put all this tension. "I want to do even more stuff with you, like hug you and kiss you and - and stuff like that. But I can't be responsible for you becoming human - and what if that'll make it stick?"
Dean closed the book with a loud thud. "And you think, betraying me's gonna achieve that? How stupid do you think I am? How stupid are you?"
"I'm seeing it with my own eyes!" This wasn't going like planned. Well, Dean didn't so much plan this and more had the gut feeling that he needed to do something. He was a fighter, so he fought.
Dean almost ripped the pages from the book as he flipped through. "And you want to put me in an asylum! Who's the bigger asshole here?" He couldn't see the words, blurred by ...
"Yes, I do!", he screamed deranged. "No one else can. She's gonna kill you and Sam and me and the entire world! I've seen it."
He sighed and fell on a chair. His hand ran through his hair, a desperate motion. The faint memory of Dean doing the same thing. He always did, or at least he used to. Even when they had first kissed, years ago and with too much beer on his tongue, but that's just how Dean tasted. Dean's fingers had been entangled in the strands of his hair and Castiel loved how these strong hands could be so gentle with him. How shy Dean had been that first night, because it had been the two of them, that meant something. That had been new for both of them.
"Don't fucking do that", Dean shook his head. How was he to get distance between them if Castiel just followed him? "Why're you here? Didn't you get my message?"
Their bodies intertwined just like their tongues did. No boundaries between them, just fond feelings, tender touches, caressing kisses, dizzying desires, penetrating pulses. Their breathing was shallow, hardly any room between their lips. Husky cries when they came.
The man didn't answer. Lips pursed in a serious expression, piercing blue eyes intensely watching him.
The moment was quiet as he sat on Baby's hood, the morning sun in his face and bandages around his hands but holding a beer worked fine enough. He flipped through his dad's old journal. Dean knew every word by heart, nothing about how to break this bond. Still, his eyes flickered across the pages searching for a hint, desperation guiding his actions.
The echo in Castiel's chest whispered of petulant anger. He packed in his clothes and the Liber Confidebat. The motel room was booked for another week, but he couldn't stay longer. After all, he was only in town to meet Dean - and Dean clearly didn't want to see him anymore. Suited Castiel well, he didn't want part in this Bond either. Not that it had asked, magic never did, otherwise he would've refused full-heartedly and ran the other way.
So was Castiel, or at least he had believed that. Now he wasn't so sure anymore. Lying here for selfish reasons was his normal. This was only to satisfy his own needs, as he ate to satisfy hunger, as he drank to satisfy thirst, as he breathed to satisfy life so too had he sex to satisfy a bodily need. Closeness wasn't necessary for this. Castiel had lived long enough to be wary of closeness, after decades and centuries hiding among humans but also from humans he had grown wary of everything. Yet, his arm was still draped around the body next to him, locked in a soft embrace and soaking in the warmth Dean always radiated.
The bang of a door falling shut. Dean startled awake. Light shined through the windows. Was the naga finally home? He wiped the nightmare from his face. A quick check of his gun, then he left the car silently, stalking towards the house. He sneaked in through the backdoor. The house seemed quiet. Was she upstairs again? He held his gun tight and moved up the stairs, pressing his back against the decorated wall.
Dean got up from the barstool and threw some bills on the counter. Drowning this magic in alcohol hadn't worked, shocker. Perhaps he needed to run further away. Heart torn.
"I would've come sooner", the angel explained, voice serious, "But I couldn't fly here, so I had to walk."
Back at the motel he hit the laptop and searched the internet for clues. What kind of monster was she? Where was her lair? How could she be killed? But he found no answers in the books.
Castiel shook his head. "You don't need to save me. She's just a girl, no danger to anyone. You don't need to do this."
Easiest solution: They keep their distance from each other. Should be easy, Dean barely knew the guy and he was a bit creepy sometimes. But from the sound of it, this wasn't the solution the angel had in mind.
Abruptly Castiel stood up, a startled look from Sam. He took the keys to his car and left the motel. He needed to find Dean and, more importantly, he needed to stop this madness. Dean needed help and he had to realize that, now. Otherwise he would end up on death row.
Dean sighed heavily as he wrung out the sponge, water splashed around the bucket and a few drops hit his exposed thighs, the jeans shorts covered nothing actually. Unfortunately, he had not asked the cute guy out on a date. A sourly missed opportunity. But he had made it a rule to not hook up with customers. It was unprofessional. Plus it lead to more trouble than the mediocre sex was usually worth. The last straw had been the crazy bitch who had sliced up all the tires of every car around his shop. The sex wasn't good, she'd given him a rash and then that? Nope, Dean was done with this shit.
Images flooded his mind of Cas alone in a motel room, alone in his car, alone at the side of the road and longing. The distance between them long, but the bond wasn't breaking.
The pain spread into Dean's senses, but he didn't give in. He had to be strong. "I do. The world is falling apart, I need to save it." Repeating himself again.
"Sure, that's the important thing here", Dean barked back, a little bit of sarcasm was helping him understand the situation. "I thought your magic was gone?" Apparently it was still enough to scare the living bejesus out of him.
Blackness filled the room. Not the light of the moon nor of a streetlamp fell through the window, thick ugly curtains shielded from any disturbance. At least the ugly pattern wasn't visible in this darkness either, hardly a relief. The sticky air of sex was dissipating steadily, leaving behind the stale scent of a room neglected. What did he expect from a motel in the middle of nowhere? Castiel felt a bit of sympathy for the room, wasn't its fault that it sat here and its human didn't care. That was human nature in action.
His Impala followed her bus to the northeast of the city. Close to Lake St. Clair. Neighborhood safe at night, tidy front yards, the house stood directly at the shore. As Dean walked around, he saw snakes slithering in the grass. He snuck in the back door and tiptoed through the house. The girl was upstairs humming a soft tune. As he entered the room, she was taking off her clothes and her gray scales showed. A scream.
The severe injustice to Castiel's tastebuds had to be rectified. Angel-schmangel, it was somewhat eerie to think about but Castiel radiated sincerity and kindness. Dean wasn't above a little desperate gambling for the chance to hook-up with a certifiable hottie.
"Your family wants you gone. Your brother thinks you're crazy. Your lover thinks you're a monster." Her eyes weighed him down. "But I don't. I will love you. I will make you happy. I will help you."
Dean's silhouette hurried out the doorway and Castiel hurried after him, but he only saw a dog run across the parking lot and into the distance. "Come back", he said but his voice was low and defeated. Inside his chest still whispered the echo that he had fallen in love.
But Dean didn't listen. This how it was? First telling him that he loved him and now shacking up someone else? So much for love. Good then that Dean ran away from it all, that he didn't try this with Cas seriously at all. Would've ended like this anyway, wouldn't it? Someone else prettier than him, kinder than him, easier to be around than him. A woman was better anyway. Who knew, maybe Cas wanted kids? Dean couldn't give him one. The whole thing between them was more physical anyway, just lust. Horny men did a hell lot of stupid shit to get laid, Dean new from experience. Telling someone you loved them wasn't even in the Top Ten.
"What ya doin' here?", Dean asked and leaned against his half washed car, arms crossed in front of his chest.
With a strong grip Dean pulled Castiel closer, their lips smashing into each other and pressing hard against one another. Arms put around the other's body to be closer. "Forget what I said", Dean muttered between their lips, "I want you to watch over me."
A forgettable night, so he had expected at the time. He had been on the vampire's tracks for a few weeks already and it should've been easy. If Dean hadn't been in the way. Now Castiel knew he wasn't merely a human, but close enough. Stubborn human, insisting to turn off all warnings and go with a vampire anyway. The fight outside the club was hard and ended bloody, as all fights with vampires do.
Castiel jumped out of the bed himself, his hands searched for Dean in the black room. But didn't find him. "I know that, alright, I know." The door opened, the night outside almost bright from moonlight and a nearby streetlight. "Don't go!"
She bend down to him. Her scaly fingers caressed his jaw. "You're teeming with life. But your loneliness shackles you." Vertical slits narrowed down on him. "Be my mate."
She hummed a soft melody. The door broke open. "Don't move, bitch", Dean yelled at her. "This was your last molt."
"You are quite the character, Dean Winchester", the gravely voice spoke with Castiel's very own brand of sincerity.
Dean dialed the volume of the music up to eleven. Wide, empty fields lay to both sides of the highway, occasionally a tree or a lonely house dotted the horizon. Perhaps if he watched enough nothingness pass by, his heart would again not pay attention. Perhaps he needed to drown it in cheap liquor until it was indifferent again. Perhaps fooling around with a few skanky waitresses was a good enough distraction.
With a nod of the head he led the angel to a table, glasses of beer and some pretzels. Some poor woman was singing her heart out at karaoke. "Honest effort", Castiel applauded her.
"Damn." Dean swallowed hard. Those hands looked soft and unburdened, but their strength was undeniable. Sexy.
"I'm becoming human because I enjoy our time together", Castiel explained, his hand tentatively touching Dean's. "Because I want to kiss you as well."
last night", Castiel informed him. "It's remarkably poorly written and acted. It's also factually incorrect a number of times."
Castiel shook his head. "How can I take the pain away?" His hand now rested on Dean's knee. "How can I save - you?"
Slight indignation visible on the lips forming a thin, unamused line. "I'm an angel of the Lord, Dean", Castiel explained, "Hell has nothing to do with this."
With determined pushes Cas guided them towards the door. "She's a … friend, kind of. Nothing what you think."
He emptied the bottle and got up. Whatever this stupid bond shit wanted from him, it couldn't force him to watch this. So he left the bar, only to sit in his car stone still. What was he doing?
Puzzled looks. They clearly didn't see the danger she posed, were too trusting of the world. But he knew how ugly everything was. Her bright smile was a threat.
"She was the best damn woman that I ever seen." Even half attention would be an improvement at this point. Almost some attention from the cute guy with the 1978 Lincoln Continental Dean had worked on this past week. A crappy golden nightmare of a car but it was the guy's first, an emotional attachment Dean understood all too well. So he had worked extra hard for the guy with the raspy voice and baby blue eyes. God, he was too easy sometimes. Dean had flirted a little, some intense looks and some winning smiles and a witty line or two. Pretty sure the guy had flirted back, after all he'd been at the shop every day for an hour or so watching Dean work on the car. Who did that?
