“Didn’t have much to do. Take your pick.” The hiss of the hard brush against hollow metal continues.
“I don’t understand” Sherlock blurts out. The words are too slow, or maybe too fast, jumbled up with the rest of the trapped thoughts struggling over his knot of a tongue.
His eyes took in the haphazard mess in the sink, shards and spoons and pieces of toast dumped in, a construction ready to collapse further any moment. It made him think of abandoned rooms and crumbling walls, their torn wallpaper hanging like a fallen flag, the floor littered with white dust that shone even in the darkness. He clutched Honeybee tighter onto his chest, away from the nightmare within him.
“An elephant! One of the most intelligent and intriguing mammals. A very interesting choice. And of course, it is obvious now! Here is the trunk”, he points on her artwork, where vaguely a head shape is drawn by a still-clumsy childish hand, “and these are the ears!”
The air shifts the moment Harry is out the door, stomping down the stairs with her short heels. John can breathe again. His shoulders sag as he leaves a long exhale, almost doubling over to rest his palms on bent knees. Instead he turns around, anxious to face Sherlock again. He doesn’t let the tension go. Doesn’t snuff it out. He keeps it. The silence weighs on him. Burying him underneath the waves slowly. Choking him.
“Harry… Please leave it alone. Please. It’s not… that. Okay? I swear to you, it’s not that” John’s voice is small now. Tired. Afraid.
He found himself smiling. He had passed through those thoughts again and again, ruminating, and only Sherlock could instantly see when he did that. She had learnt to do it after years, but Sherlock… John would bet he could do it since the beginning. God, that man…
She hears him this time, but her eyes are closing, the tiniest frown persisting over her little brow. John bets she has a headache.
Sherlock all but jumps to the ceiling. John pulls his hand away, fingers accidentally brushing over the small, sweaty curls of Sherlock’s nape -longer than usual; he hasn’t had a haircut since… who knows- and takes a step back.
“Yes. She was sulking, a little. Made her loosen up -and fall asleep”, Sherlock found himself saying.
. As he is now. Barefoot. Aching. Gravel between his toes, biting in his skin as he runs. Runs to catch the coated figure at the edge. Runs and screams and is happy because he
“I don’t want to be part of a broken family anymore, Johnny” Her voice is weary, tormented. Sherlock’s ears strain to discern the deceit -is there any? John exhales a sharp puff of air. His back straightens, shoulders drawing back. He won’t pick a fight. Yet.
There is nothing. Nothing in the world that could change the feelings pouring from their eyes when they look at each other then. And John has never felt anything like it.
John reaches a hand, smiling softly. Gentle -even if calloused- fingers brush over Rosie’s bellybutton. She stirs and snuggles her elephant to her face.
Sherlock knows. He heard John’s choked off, watery words at the therapist’s office too. “For so long. Too long.
John swings his legs out of bed. He had kissed Sherlock Holmes. His head is in need of clearing and he’s not about to let it win by sulking in bed all day. He had kissed Sherlock Holmes. Whatever happens thereafter, he can tackle it. He had kissed Sherlock Holmes.
John waves a hand dismissively and goes back to making coffee. He’s already dressed for work. Sherlock looks down at his clothes and regrets that this is not a I’m-strong-enough-to-get-out-of-my-pyjamas day. He stands slowly, and it is an agony when he tries to get comfortable on the kitchen chair. He braces an arm around his ribs.
John stands on tiptoe, and passes the scarf gently around Sherlock’s neck, so that it forms a loop at the front. Both feet touching down, he passes the edge of the scarf through the loop and straightens the knot at the front, smoothing it out with both hands.
Soft. Tentative. This was the way the not-real John sounded. Feeling the real sounds was a revelation, like adding flesh to barebones. The vowels were livelier and thick, the consonants definite and full. It was heady. It got straight through him, a jolt under his skin.
John had turned around sharply, and Sherlock’s eyes fluttered away, away from the frightened pools trembling still.
He waits until John’s steps have reached the landing before he washes the spoon with swift movements.
“Alright, alright, little lady, there you go.” John kisses her forehead and transfers her to the older woman’s arms as she rolls her eyes at his affection all in good humour. “Have fun, will you?”
. Oh! Yes, right away. So sorry, I’ll-” And he proceeds to mumble unintelligibly, getting himself up and checking there’s a clean towel on the rack and pushing himself out the door with sheer force of will and some ‘I’ll stop fussing now’ comments, more to himself than anyone else, leaving Sherlock behind by avoiding to look or linger too much, noting the amused but still serious and calm expression of his remarkable flatmate -
Sherlock wonders how come Ella let John try so many things at once, when he has a full-time job, and Rosie. It is a demanding program, a freight train of one. But John seems to cling onto it, to need it. Sherlock tilts his head to the side, observing him. John is nervous putting it into words, even though he has waited for some days to speak about all this with him, has had the time to think his decisions over. Yet with every word he winces, as if he were admitting his faults, his wrongdoings one by one, all over again. Sherlock does not doubt that John has taken up the ‘getting better’ cause like a flag-bearer in war. But he can’t help but worry that some part of John’s urgency stems from the same anger that had him pulling at his hair, striking his head, then speaking of his condition as if he were a leper, and had to be blamed for being one in the first place.
His head fits perfectly against Sherlock’s collarbone. Tucked under the auburn-stubbled chin. His body following. Taking refuge. Resting. As close as it can be. A seabird seeking shelter from a storm, huddled up against the shore cliff. Sherlock’s breaths are the ocean’s push and pull, his heartbeat a seashell’s song against his ear.
“You zoned out a little. Are you feeling alright?” John frowns, his fingers brushing down Sherlock’s face.
The deal between them is struck in silent communication. There is no going back. At least for the foreseeable future.
Talk, then. That’s what they’ll do. Just talk. Nothing unusual. Not for them. Not for the ‘real’ them.
His pulse was giddy; in his palms, the insides of his elbows, his temple, his tongue, his neck. Something had happened, the scales had tipped, something was happening, changing.
“We can discuss the hours together, find your right balance, if you’d like?” she anticipates his question, before he has time to finish.
When he’s done, John grunts and brings his legs up the couch, trying to fit into the small space. Sherlock stands to give him room and helps John turn on his side. He turns the telly on, on mute, to give them some semblance of company, some link to the outside world. John groans when its white light assaults his eyes and covers them with his bandaged palm.
She huffs. So like Father. ‘Yeah, right. You wish.’ He can keep his mouth shut. That’s one thing she could never do.
John strides to their sofa, smiling in reassurance. He takes a handful of pillows and two warm blankets and returns, splaying them between their armchairs, pushing them nearer to the fire. He hands a blanket to Sherlock.
“Nowhere…? I think. There’s no problem, I- I want this, I… I do.” His nose is scrunching up. He remembers Sherlock’s skin under his touch. His too short facial hair that are never fully shaved to the skin anymore. The jam.
Movements mechanical. Lifeless. Methodical. The precision of surgery thrown over them even when his fingers are trembling. Three boxes. Two suitcases. The accuracy of each action underlined with impartiality. Every little part of his and his daughter’s life handled as a body on the surgical table, cut off from the reality of it all, overpowered by the need to just finish the act with a certain correctness about it. Auto-pilot.
He ends up waiting behind the door. He did attempt the alternatives; paced the corridor until his vision blacked out, settled into his armchair until stillness turned eerie and the silence weighing down on him nearly crushed his sternum. Well, he did not have that many alternatives, after all. 5.52 am, according to the watch on his wrist. Sherlock tries to count the seconds. At first it is soothing, something simple enough to do but needing enough of his mind to keep him busy.
It felt as if they had swapped places. His every fear was being reflected back at him. It was surreal. It made him doubt everything. It forged a new path through everything. It was just a glimpse, and yet it grabbed a hold and would not let go.
“You are angry”, Sherlock states. Normally, stating the obvious is criminal offense. He doubts it is obvious this time. In this moment, John is not angry; John is
John walks down Elgin Avenue, hands shoved in pockets, head bent low, the drawn consonants of the voice in his head haunting him. His lips purse.
John is paralysed. It’s not possible for such beauty, miles and miles of refined muscle to be unadorned. Sherlock steps closer, a hint of confusion and exasperation on his features as he presses the scarf on John’s flexing fingers. John shakes himself when the warmth of Sherlock’s breath falls on his forehead, tingling, making his hair stand.
Their hands… It’s a connection. A strong one. Despite the tremors. They hold on to each other, Latching on shards of encouragement and hope. John is allowed to feel the heat emanating from Sherlock’s skin. He is allowed to look and touch and… so much more… He can feel details, differences and similarities. He can feel how Sherlock’s bone structure is huge compared to his own, but right now his fingers can circle the thin wrist completely, feeling the veins underneath. There’s a wild beauty to the way Sherlock’s fingers have always moved and John now feels them twitch again under his palm, bony knuckles caressing the carved lines on his skin. Sherlock hasn’t turned his hand palm up, he lets John press there and hold him and hasn’t pulled away either. For John, frankly, it’s a miracle. And he feels and feels and closes his eyes to feel more and more as they swim together to the surface, sharing the same air, twining their fates inside Antarctic waters, searching for the travelling warm current. A miracle.
Sherlock’s turn to smile, despite his best efforts not to. “You’ll have regretted that by… 9.45, the latest”
John wants to kiss that throat, the hollow of Sherlock’s neck, see what he does in response, what he feels, if he feels…
“Do you think he trusts you?” It was a fine form of reassurance, reminding him all that he’d said himself, making him consider again and come to a logical conclusion, undisturbed by his fears.
He rubs a palm over his eyes. They’re sore, as if they’re puffy, and they hurt when he presses them.
In that moment, in the moment John thought he was being judged, Sherlock was being set free. And there was nothing he wanted to give to John more than that feeling, the feeling that made his heart squeeze and his eyes crinkle with fondness, his arms ache to
“I have… been keeping it… for later.” He tried but his façade crumbling was immediate; shoulders sagging, thoughtful.
“Professionally camouflaged for the public eye, don’t you think?” John teases, smooching a loud kiss over Rosie’s cheek and making her giggle.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide now, filled with a surprise that John isn’t sure if he wants to welcome or feel guilty over its existence.
The sound makes John’s ears almost prickle. The consonant drawn out, tongue pressing almost lazily against Sherlock’s front teeth. Bringing a spark of the old Sherlock back. The alive one. Wired up in a wave of waiting to burst energy. Electricity. Never you mind that it is dulled by Sherlock’s empty grey gaze. John can lock that away for now; he can ignore. Just something that small. Just for now. For their sake.
He’s standing in front of a small reception desk. The waiting room cosy and brightly lit but warm, not at all resembling crisp clean white corridors of a clinic or a health centre or hospital. A kind, young practitioner smiling at him from over her computer screen, filled with stickers on the back and decorated with plastic toys on the base. Sherlock is standing beside him, gloves gripped tight on a palm, the other hidden under his Belstaff, fidgeting at his side; John guesses. God, he’s doing everything for Rosie. For them. He’s risking
She protested, wanting to play more, but he murmured as soothingly as he could. Her lower lip began to quiver anyway.
He hears John’s steps. But he does not sit. He waits, stiff and still -with his arms at his sides, Sherlock imagines.
John shakes his head. Back to the matter at hand. Would Sherlock ever want to move? With him? With Rosie? Could Sherlock ever see them as a whole? Does he already see them as such? Or is it a passing thing? Until John can stand on his two feet alone again? At which point, what will happen? They have established their friendship, their devotion to each other, to be better. So, what if John could find his own place again? Would Sherlock want to join him? Could they discuss such a possibility? When they were both better, of course.
Sherlock nods, even though John can’t see him. John never had the most amicable of relations with his sister. Sherlock has never met her before. She wasn’t present at the wedding, at Rosie’s baptism, and John barely ever mentioned her at all. Sherlock doubts she has ever met her niece.
Sherlock nods. Silence envelops them once again. The tension is evaporating, even though Sherlock knows John’s negative thoughts will not disperse quite as easily. He wants to say a lot of things about that. About how John is so, so much better than his sister gives him credit for, that she is outright wrong, of course. But he knows pressing John into anything doesn’t work.
And they follow a rhythm, John immersed in Sherlock’s softer tones, still in progress of creating that cocoon, that nestling little place with Sherlock’s voice all around him? Yes, that. Until John has melted over the bathtub’s side again, head tipped over once more, breathing slow and steady.
He feels he’s playing a game he lacks the rules for, and with every word John says, the truth he has only just managed to grasp gets twisted and twisted, and incomprehensible again.
popped into John’s head but he pushed them forcefully away. It was a discussion many times ran through and better left to be concluded on a later date.
“I’m here for you”, John said, softly. “If you’ll let me”. He inhaled sharply and pulled his eyes away, downwards, to their joined hands. He cleared his throat, shifted a little to settle better. He was nervous. Sherlock shook his head to clear away the shock. John was nervous, as if he felt there was a possibility Sherlock would reject him.
It’s always been like this with Ella. She supported the theory that everything will come on their own time. It’s times like this when he feels grateful for having this with her, a close relationship cultivated through the years he’s been coming for his sessions, never erased even at times he stopped for an indefinite hiatus.
Sherlock chuckles, helps Rosie squeeze her elephant closer. “It’s alright. Perhaps we could buy a second, identical one. You know, to have a spare.”
It is nothing less than a wonder how Sherlock is allowed to have this, that he is included in what John wants. Perhaps he does not know what exactly John wishes for them to be, or for how long. And even though he is not about to assume, or hope, or ask for more than John is willing to give him, he is wanted to communicate now, he is asked to decide. He can try to understand John, his light in the darkness, his Ariadne’s thread.
John hears from a not too distant memory. His hand is shaking, inches above Rosie’s fresh like flowers curls. He looks up at the two colourful orbs.
“Oh, but of course, you’re above all that.” John snaps his head to Sherlock. “Funny, isn’t it?” Sherlock flips a dismissive wrist her way.
John wasn’t fit to take proper care of the detective and his friend - and maybe something more - that he had almost beaten to death. Yet, he made it his purpose and promise to himself to do so that quiet Saturday morning, after the whiskey had dried from the bottle and the headache it caused came as a welcome reprieve. That’s where it all started, after all. A bad hangover and you suddenly believe you’re thinking straight for once.
“Okay, fine, I was exaggerating about that. But we can go to the shops and see what we find? An occupied genius is a happy genius. Right?”
John had said that his wellbeing was important. And John was not known to lie. But why. Why would such a thing ever matter given all this?
It only takes John Watson in love, to stay and count his beloved’s breaths through the night. Because that is what he is. Friend. Companion. Beloved. For him to curl over the sheets and watch as the chest he saw crushed by pavement, bullet, and John’s own feet, makes slow circles of rising and falling. Circles of life. Collarbones accentuated by force of nature. Sternum lined and bony, staying alive by force of will alone.
Despite the tone, John’s chest floods with relief. A single breath leaves him, kept tight by his lungs; unbeknownst to him. It’s a warm puff of air against the relatively chilly wood of the door. The door he stared at for hours, providing him questions or emptiness, is now proving to be solace and refuge as he leans on it, instinctively. He hadn’t noticed that either.
Then, springs into action. It doesn’t matter if he fails. Sherlock needs him so John is going to try. His palm slides under a warm cheek. Sherlock’s untrimmed stubble grazes over John’s skin and he stops. He waits, letting the sweat seep into his pores, suddenly in awe. Then he moves, with fervour, getting his arm under Sherlock’s neck and shoulders. Sherlock barely shifts, turning on his back just by the gentle force of John’s arms.
“Fancy a walk?”, John asks her, catching her little palm in his hand and giving it a kiss. She mumbles and nods what seems to be quite a sure yes.
Sherlock is pressing his fingertips between his lips, a permanent frown over his nose, muscles so tightly knit together John almost voices the desire to kiss it away. It doesn’t take much else for John to realise how worried Sherlock actually is about Rosie.
Sherlock is standing a few feet away, eyes fixated on scanning John’s body. Something’s off. John frowns and nudges his way through jumbled thoughts to realise that he can’t see Sherlock’s whole face. The occurrence is so rare that he couldn’t even name it. There’s a hand over his friend’s lips, twitchy, tense. John could guess he’s pressing his thumb against his teeth, maybe mouthing his nails, but... Sherlock doesn’t do that. Does he?
They're there. John pulls at his sleeve again, exasperation in his eyes as he urges him on, and they get off, and then there's an escalator, and another, and another queue and scanning and they're out, out, and there's sun and the scent of the earth after the rain and it's vast and open and no hordes can come at him here, they can disperse, and scatter and he can breathe-
“Sherlock... I know you don’t...” John backtracks. Sherlock’s gaze is telling him to. His voice sounded too much like the ‘old John’ that had the right to give that ‘old Sherlock’ advice. The ‘John’ that had not yet been consumed by guilt, the ‘John’ that hadn’t hurt him.
Sherlock opens his eyes, and scrambles for his phone. When the screen is unlocked, the photograph he took this morning of little bee with her elephant and elephant drawing greets him with its warm light. He opens his messages, breath held in his throat until the conversation loads. But there they are. He scrolls up, fast and then more slowly, each message sending a small jolt of liquid, bittersweet joy to his abdomen, small ruffling shivers at his spine.
Cutting. Words eloquently thought of and strategically placed, falling into pieces as John’s whole world does.
Intertidal: Pertaining to the shore areas that alternate between submergence and nonsubmergence due to tidal oscillation.
A group of younger men walk past, rowdy and loud, pushing each other as they huddle close like a pack. One of them says something and his words are met with a chorus of barked laughter. Sherlock can feel their eyes scanning them as they meet on the narrow path, like the eyes of young animals that don’t yet know how to categorize the world and want to pick and sniff and paw and growl at everything they come by in a useless, arrogant show of strength. He doesn’t mind them, but then John grows rigid, his back straightening, eyes burning two holes through space ahead, hands leaving his pockets to coil into fists at his side. His next step creates a gap between him and Sherlock, raising an impassable fence.
John looks at him again. Warmth breaks through the storm in his eyes, a moment of calm. Sherlock can see the faintest of smiles wanting to form. “You’d almost think she should know about that”.
He puts her on his shoulders, little giggling flower she is today, and hops down the stairs, goes straight for their mail, just to give her the rounds and keep her giggling, uncaring if his shoulder will act up after his shift today. A couple of reminders for bills, end of the month approaching fast, a postcard for Mrs Hudson from the Maldives -how even… who?- and a red confidential envelope for Sherlock. He’s not paying much attention as he climbs the stairs, Rosie tugging at his mess of hair, growing longer than necessary again.
"Good". John's tongue brushes over his lower lip, and his eyes fall from Sherlock's face as he steps back. Sherlock can feel the heat of their gaze on his skin.
Moments when he caught the glimpse of a fleeting smile or ones when the lack of any reaction was alarming. When John felt ill-prepared for his mind’s tricks. When he would lean close just to smell the man beside him. Let the warmth and homely scent envelop him and scare his fears away just for a moment. Moments when he could hope, that’s what his daughter felt as well. Innocent care.
Rosie had wailed when her father had stepped away without another word. John had ignored her, kneeling down to pick up shards and breakfast and cutlery. The wind through the leaves growing, sharpening. It wouldn’t stop. It stirred into Honeybee’s belly with painful tingles -Sherlock knew the feeling-, made her coil into herself and wail louder. John’s had knelt down, picking the tablecloth up as one big bundle, and placing it back on the table again. Every wail had made him wince as if it was a physical blow. And then, as he had begun to pick up the rest of the broken pieces of plate and glass and mug from the floor and throw them in the sink, the wincing turned into murmurs and growls, drowned exclamations and hissed curses.
He knew it was good. He was nineteen days sober. It wasn’t everything well and back to normal -the normal that hadn’t existed for years- but it wasn’t a small feat either. He didn’t crave it anymore. Not like those first days. He suspected things working out with Sherlock was helping him too. He was in constant movement. Like waves.
The words are swallowed by the space between them. Sherlock feels he is being turned inside out, John’s every violent pull a punch into his abdomen, and his eyes sting with the pressure of it, the unfairness of it, it’s so wrong it’s raw, and lodged in his throat so that he can’t swallow, he can’t get air out of his lungs, he’s just aching, his jaw clenched enough to make his vision swim.
John turns around, arms outstretched in an attempt to soothe sore muscles. His shoulder pops and he can’t keep back a surprised sigh at the small shot of pain through his old, aching wounds.
Of course, the lightness of limbs was concerning but he had forgotten it. Until there was a slash through what he presumed was his dream’s sky and the world was lit.
John sniffs but keeps breathing through the nose. Sherlock realizes he was panting ever so softly. He swallows. Then reaches for John’s other hand. John jerks, and his eyes blink rapidly before they focus on Sherlock’s face. The pressure in the muscles and tendons of his hand increases; Sherlock can feel it, almost as if it is a live wire, charged up again.
“I don’t like talking about it”, John grunts, holding the plate tilted for Honeybee as she tries to scoop up the last of the potato mash from the edge of the shallow plate. “There’s only so much fake pity I can stomach, you know?”, he laughs, but it sounds as if he has bitten into a lemon.
He remembers standing. Rigid. His old cane in hand. He remembers Sherlock. The bruises he had inflicted. He could see them, count Sherlock’s ribs under the hospital gown and guess exactly where they were by the way he breathed. His chest, weak and thinner than ever, trembling or stopping whenever encountering pain. The changes so abrupt, one could wonder if Sherlock needed life-support. John had watched him. Endless time stretching above them. Begging, hoping he wouldn’t have to leave. Ever again. But knowing he should. Convincing himself he should.
Mesmerised by the expertly cultivated female tone of a clearly top of her field therapist and soothed by Sherlock’s secure embrace, Rosie peaks out of her hiding spot, curious.
John lets himself lean over until their shoulders are touching. There might be a hundred unresolved issues but… for once, they have time for all of them.
There’s a line appearing between Sherlock’s eyebrows. Faint but present nonetheless, indicating confusion. His eyes are dismissive, like it’s obvious.
“I know… I know you’ve said that romantic entanglement is not for you. And I respect that. I do. And I also know that… there’s… Things I’ve done that will never,
There is no telling if John has noticed, but if he has, he doesn’t show anything as he gives Rosie’s bag to Sherlock and helps him sling it over his shoulder.
When she does, she breaks in a shy smile. And what he does is smile more widely for her, reflecting her expression like clearwater, magnifying it. It does not feel quite as strange a thing, now. Smiling. Not that it was difficult with Honeybee. But now his face feels chiseled into his laughter lines, and the transition does not come with the pain of the thorn in his side, that thorn that reminds him just how much he does not normally smile.
A proud leopard, head held high, king of its territory, mane shining in brilliance against the savanna sun. Paws gentle, feeling the earth’s pebbles, pressing only enough to steady, enough to soothe. Leaving peace and no marks behind, no scars.
“Alright, time for bed.” John grunts, picking her up with a sigh. Her temperature has been a steady thirty-eight for the past couple of hours, he hopes her second ibuprofen dosage will help the fever down during the night. If not, he will give her some more when he checks her later.
On his part, his mind refuses to be carried away; a circular code, always returning to the same result. Or, better, a mule tied to a post; that obstinate.
Oh, my... It has been a hell of a week with this chapter. We ended up crying and fangirling over our boys. We're so proud of them!!
Why is John even here? This is what Sherlock is. A broken doll, a clock not ticking. Now that John has seen, he won’t be here anymore. He’ll go away.
“I’ve been thinking if it is post-traumatic stress. He’s-” His voice was shaking. “He’s been through a lot.”
“I have tried to approach you. To help you”, Harry continues as if she hasn’t heard. “But you always,
Guilt shoots through, a beacon in the dark. John has been making breakfast every day, looking after both him and Honeybee, trusting him, not pitying him, getting better. Sherlock should be happy, should be grateful, and yet, all he can give in return is- The light is snuffed out, and there is nothing stretching the surface from beneath once again. Look what a waste of time, the mercurial liquid sings. Waste waste waste.
“Okay. Listen” Sherlock stays entirely still.  “Have her lie down, wrap her up warm. If she gets sweaty change her, and take her temperature again. I’ll wrap things up here and bring home everything we need, alright?”
Sherlock looked up, a fed and changed Honeybee in his arms, trying to press the keys on the laptop in front of him when he wasn’t looking.
John looks at his screen for a minute or two before buzzing the next patient in. He stays efficient and focused until he bids them goodbye too and then he scrambles for his phone.
John’s eyes stray over silk and pyjama shirt buttons, lingering on the patch of skin showing under Sherlock’s poking out, sharp collarbones. He reminds himself that this is Sherlock Holmes who never had trouble finding a pin in whatever mess 221B might have been and shakes himself, frowning. It’s certainly not the first time this has happened in the last month.
Sherlock whips around to see John standing at the bathroom door, hands on his hips, his entire mouth sculpted into a grin.
He would still have the albums in vinyl if it wasn’t for-... Anyway… Collective editions they were. If he could have them again, pass his hands over the carved round plaque. Terrible and thrilling reminders in equal parts, transporting him to those years before the army, when he believed himself to be free, breaking through stereotype and the masses. It’s a pity he doesn’t have a record player now, otherwise he’d buy them all, find them from scratch again.
They shared the chicken noodle soup on the kitchen table. As they would share takeaways on sleepless nights, or after the adrenaline of a case; microscope and equipment, pig ears and human digits, pipettes and test-tubes, empty or filled glistening with golden liquids, or blue or purple, haphazardly pushed to the far edge of the table-top to make space for steaming paper cartons of noodles and won-tons and curries, fried rice and eggs and miso soups.
The big sister. The gay, divorced big sister. Recovered alcoholic. And with a history, it seems, of pressing all of John’s wrong buttons.
He places her on her chair, her elephant in her lap, and pulls it close to him as he prepares her breakfast, talking to her all the while. How did she sleep, how is she feeling, what would she want to do? Occasionally describing the steps of her cream preparation to her. Even though she does not always reply, he does not stop, keeping his voice warm and steady. He’d do the same when she was younger too, and he was babysitting her. When Mary had decided to run, and left John alone with a 10-month old and no explanation. With no choice. It was this lack of choice that made Sherlock an idiot enough to hope. Two is a family, three is a family, too. Maybe, if Mary was so good so as to evade even his attempts at finding her, then… He forces this train of thought to freeze on its tracks. If it wasn’t for her, he would not be alive now. Not that he’s sure whether that is a good thing or a not-good thing anymore. It is mostly a thing that just is.
Sherlock’s cheeks are flushed, cheekbones sharper than ever. John forces himself not to linger on it too much. After all, the cold morning air of Britain will do that to a man. Even more so, on one recovering from malnutrition, collapsing liver, poisoned kidneys and almost fatal injury. All at the same time. John basks in the way his brain can generate such thoughts without the usual sting of guilt and self-hatred. It is still there but it’s lessened to a manageable scale.
“If the fever does not go down at all in the next twelve hours, and if it rises above thirty-eight point six, yes. But I’ll be there, alright? Don’t worry. She’s going to be just fine. She was vaccinated for this year’s flu, so it most probably is just a rather nasty cold. Okay?”
did, than what she was prepared to do. She wanted to keep John with lies. But no… No he does not want to keep John. The idea that he might manipulate or force him into staying somehow turns his skin into cracked, torn leather.
Sherlock is looking away. It’s gone. It’s done. That clarity. His gaze now falls somewhere behind John. Lost and without will.
“John.” A strangled whisper. It catches John’s attention; he looks up, questioning, his gut feeling heavy. There’s shock in Sherlock’s eyes, in the way his lips are parted just so and John’s eyes follow the curves involuntarily -subconsciously- just to make sure he gets the feeling right.
She has eaten so he guesses she’ll be alright for a while, play freely on her own, without any looming fears regarding him. He turns to the corridor, taking a breath. He needs to check on Sherlock. It’s not late and John is overreacting but he needs to know. He needs to take care of them both. If he fails one, it’s quite possible he’s failing the other at the same time. Sherlock might as well be sleeping and if he is then John can relax and let him be in peace.
They are walking side by side again. With Sherlock’s arms around Honeybee, John’s elbow often brushes against his side. It’s like a cat rubbing its cheek softly against him, reassuring.
Sherlock lets the breath he’s been holding out with a small whine. John’s eyes are swirling with emotion and colour both, turbulent sea depths. Sherlock thinks he could see the world in them, if he tried.
The air around John is crackling until the younger men are out of earshot. Only then do his fists uncoil, his frozen-hard posture melting a little. Honeybee, oblivious to the incident, coos and points at a squirrel that rushes across the path, a grey blur of an arrow. Sherlock pauses to let her observe it.
John had found him and stayed. He had made tea, told him it was alright. He had kept him company and eaten breakfast with him. They had talked. Not about why Sherlock was bluer than blue, which he despised himself for being unable to hide. But they talked about Ella, and Rosie. They talked about something they shared. There was relief in this. As there was relief in the absence of scorn or pity. John had stayed. It was nothing beneficial to him in any way, and yet he did. He had
“Oh, my girl, that’s it. Very good. One more?” He fills the spoon again and the action calms them both as he ruminates.
He hasn’t been a father to her for a long while. But that doesn’t mean he can bear the thought of abandoning her in this world alone… or him… The man he is supposed to take care of. How long can John pretend that he is not abandoning them both already? He’s letting them down. How long can he make himself hold on to the belief that everything is fine? Until Sherlock’s lost to him for good? When will he stop being a heartless coward? When?!
Their gazes catch and John smiles. ‘I should have known.’ He smiles. Despite it all. A small tremble at the corners of lips.
“Hudders”, Sherlock warns through clenched teeth, but is sure she will have none of that. When did she ever.
‘Right. True.’ He’s bitter. At least they can agree he could never be a father. He never wanted to be one. How could he possibly imagine it? His head is still in the clouds of his dream world, apparently. He needs to shut it down.
Sherlock wants to crouch away. He's failed him. Oh god he has failed him, it's obvious now, John is-
John shakes his head, a fond smile on his face, joy blooming through his chest. This is the first time Sherlock sought to eat on his own and John is sure the words that just left his friend’s mouth haven’t done so for years.
“I’ll be right back. Breathe.” John squeezes Sherlock’s shoulders and searches for their closest first aid kit supplies, a hidden batch on the high cupboards mainly to put to good use for kitchen related accidents; extra anti-burn supplies.
John surveys the room. Indeed, there are scattered toys everywhere and the floors are made of polished wood, easy to clean and efficient. Easy to evaluate too, for any mistrustful parent.
“You have not even been vaccinated this year, Sherlock.” A sliver of worry breaks through to the surface; even if Rosie doesn’t have the flu.
The next step is taken by both. Bringing to the surface a chest to chest confrontation. A collision. Unplanned, of sorts. Exquisite, however remains. And then there is a tipping head and ten softly pushing up toes of sock-clad feet. A small bump of noses, a sharp angled and a rounded, and then… lips. Petals of roses. Creasing against each other. Locking tiny slits of skin against skin. Not too dry, not too wet. Just a peck. Alright, a little more than that. A slide, a droplet. A word.
“Would you mind bringing me thoughts about how she’s doing and what she needs? We can work it out together.”
“Now…” he begins, very, very seriously, as he sits on the carpet by the little flower. “Where shall we begin?”
“Ah, yes, don’t worry about it, John. It’s you that did all the work after all.” She smiles, encouraging.
Sherlock counts her steps until she reaches 221A safely, and then carefully extricates himself from John’s grip and blinks up at him in confusion.
Both his daughter and an open-mouthed posh consulting detective turn to him in surprise and John keeps giggling, walking towards them.
“No. No she doesn’t” John’s left hand relaxes from a fist, flexes and coils again. “She doesn’t know anything at all”, he murmurs.
John sighs, acknowledging. No more half-truths. He doesn’t know what to expect emotionally. He isn’t sure how he could or if he could hurt Sherlock in such a level. Maybe if he left again, which he isn’t going to do. Ever. But at least… physically. Sherlock wouldn’t let him. A weight has lifted. A sea of freedom, relief, affection flooding him. Cautious but there, under the surface, under everything else he has to do, to say…
Sherlock nods, not sure why. He begins to cut his breakfast in small bite-sized portions, right hand spasming a little under John’s gaze.
would never come between John and his sister. John was not that kind of man, that kind of human. And perhaps that he could tell her that she wasn’t that kind of human either.
John’s vision turns quick and blurry as he rushes beside him. Sherlock had straightened up from the start of the conversation. Now his fingers are digging to his pyjama bottoms and his back is curved inwards with the effort to breathe.
) was puzzling. If John needed to move back in 221B, he could organise it better, or at least, at a more convenient circumstance. Spurious decision based on emotional drive, then. John's house must be a constant reminder of Mary, and a change of scenery was thus necessary.
There’s a slight restrained twitch of Sherlock’s cheek. Revulsion. He turns paler than before, with a hint of green. John worries, worries, worries. Of course he does.
“Yes, I know, I know, sweet girl.” He says in hushed whispers, flicking on the light and going for the fridge. “But we must keep quiet, alright?”
Rosie chooses a spot, a little above the level of her eyes, and proudly pins her abstract pink elephant in place. The world zooms in at the blue of the magnet.
Before, they always used cabs to get around. Sherlock's stomach flops. Perhaps John has forgotten. This is not before, after all. 'Stupid, stupid Sherlock. It's not about you'. Selfish. He's being selfish. He's allowed to come along, he mustn't press it.
“I don’t know. I really don’t know”, he mumbles. And there’s something innocent at the core of his tone, as if something obvious for one of the cases or experiments was evading him. At least it’s a step toward the right direction.
John turns the taps off. It’s ready. He stands and his arms loiter at his sides for a moment before he’s looking up into Sherlock’s iridescent diamond eyes.
Their breaths are in sync. Quick, rapid, cut off. He can’t even do that. Silence descends like doom, the water is steaming, a lonely plastic duck toy floating aimlessly.
As always, thank you for reading and bookmarking and WOW, this story passed 200 KUDOS!!! We'd love to see your wonderful comments as always and thank you to each and every one who is enjoying our story!
John brushes fingers over her sunny curls, exhaling a shaky puff of air. He holds her, careful not to make her clothes wet by his own and opens the bathroom door. The silence of 221B is deafening. He purses his lips, ducks his head in shame, and makes his way upstairs, settling her in her cot. He kisses her forehead, chest clenching at the reddened skin of her cheeks, raw by her tears even after washing them off. He loves her too much to give up…
Rosie’s rolling giggles make their appearance every time, of course. It’s her new small game, seeing Sherlock huff and puff and bend to pick the little penguin up again. She will probably have the little plushie plastered to her side by bedtime, but John deems it wise not to point out to Mr Stubborn Genius that he’s being played at.
“Of course. But if she doesn’t want coddling, please don’t pressure her. Her pink elephant is in the washing machine and she is in a bit of a stroppy mood today”
“I didn’t” He shrugs. He only had made a guess, after all. “It’s just… Lately there’s been too many scones… And too little baking”
Not here. Oh, no, not here. He can’t do this here. Can’t let them see. Can’t let them find out in such a way.
“She hasn’t been out amongst many new people for a while.” And John made the mistake of bringing them through the tube.
He nods, vaguely fixating on the comfy chair waiting for him at her patient room. It’s old routine by now, him coming in to a gentle, excited, prompting professional therapist and not saying a word until he sits down. She told him once, when he’d asked, how he usually rushes to the chair when he has something important to say and wants to get it over with, how avoiding the typicalities sometimes makes him an open book and others indicates he’s going to stay silent throughout the session. This time he is determined but yet unsure and nervous; and she knows it.
Yes, his fingers are steepled under his chin and his gaze is throwing knives, knowing precisely what he’s doing. His head tilts eerily and his presence, the intelligence, the truth overwhelms the room around them, yes. But John closes his eyes to avoid seeing whatever dreadful thing that is about to happen just because he is too slow to predict it. Too slow to piece together what is wrong, which puzzle piece is misplaced or broken. He sits and listens as Harry is about to be confronted with the problems she’s trying to hide and he hopes whatever is wrong he will be able to solve it afterwards.
The prospect alone makes Sherlock dizzy. ‘He’d have me back, you think?’, he dares wonder, treacherously enough. But thankfully there is no reply to continue that dangerous line of thought. He should appreciate what he already has anyway. He has quite a lot. And there is comfort to be found even in the way things are now; a comfort in the realization that as long as John stays, the wakes will have a chance to be broken, the pauses started again, the darkness a reason to be resisted.
John glances at their food, half-eaten, going cold. He looks at the time. It’s one in the afternoon. They have been out for hours. More than Sherlock or Rosie have been in months.
John nods, eyes narrowed towards burning wood. Of course, Sherlock could guess, would have guessed, deduced, knew why John would leave his cane behind. Of course, he should have known the chances of seeing John again after it were minimal. Of course, John knows this now. Which is why he is tremendously grateful at Sherlock letting him say it for both of them. Letting him have his way through this undeterred. Guessing he needed it and leaving him space. ‘Thank you.’
“Sorry. I said; we can watch Bake off today if you’d like. There’s a rerun of the last season playing all day in Channel 4.”
“Hello there” He clears his throat -and his mind; banishing the ruminating worries of the past. Momentarily.
“Sorry, sorry.” John rushes, palms up and hands beside his head in a placating action. He’s lost his breath. His mind is repeating the flinching image again and again. He takes a shaky breath and points at Sherlock’s head. “Just- temperature.”
Mrs Hudson hasn’t returned yet and the two tired bachelors climb up the stairs, pulling away wet coats from the rain that had started before they arrived. Rosie is placed in her warm cot, the baby monitor set on the coffee table and John starts preparing their tea as Sherlock changes into pyjamas and curls on the sofa. Their private new custom of chamomile makes them smile again, easy and wide as a bird can spread its wings.
He brings Ella’s words back to his mind. Knowing himself was the first step. He was working on being a good father and knowledge of self would help. It would. It wasn’t a distraction. It was hard work and he had to do it on his own. Well… that last part was all him. Not Ella. But that’s how he chose to do this. He didn’t want to bring more pain. To anyone. If there was something to endure, he would pull through it himself.
“A ‘broken child’ from a ‘broken home’. This is all I became the moment they knew. Whatever I did was automatically a reaction. I was only a sum of ‘coping mechanisms’ under my father’s shadow”, John spat.
Sherlock must have realised John is in no condition to stand and give him space to finish with his bath because he doesn’t ask for it and appears to be trying to sound casual, as if they’re only sitting by the fireplace. John bites his lip and raises his head, tipping it forward over his bent knees. Drops of warm water trickle down his spine and he shivers.
John breathes. No, of course not. Not a problem. Sherlock is… John wants him. In his head. In his life. To care for his daughter. He wants him-
Kudos and bookmarks are hugely appreciated, and we love seeing your comments, too! Hope you enjoyed!
Sherlock jumps to his feet and rushes to the bathroom. He hits his shoulder against the door in his haste, almost knocks the med kit off its shelf before he can catch it. His breath has turned into something he has to chase, something he can never catch.
Sherlock cradles the washed Honeybee in his arms. Dressed in fresh-smelling clothes, she is now kicking her feet playfully, to keep her father from fitting small blue socks on her tiny feet.
He grits his teeth and climbs on the bed, a knee folded under him. He reaches to what he assumes to be Sherlock’s shoulder. His palm rests there, feeling Sherlock freeze but only for a moment. John’s fingers stay still. He’s here to make sure everything is in order, he shouldn’t get caught up in sentimental touches. Not even his daughter wants his touch anyway, no matter how gentle or tender.
Today he will deal with the mess in his head alone. Thoughts. Feelings. Jumbled. Flying around rampant. The least he can do is give himself a sober today. He doesn’t know about tomorrow. In fact, he is very much sure he won’t be able to resist a sip for long. He is not equipped to do so. Not if he is left to his own devices. But dear god above, he
. And I am rebuilding my life. I am trying. You see? Something doesn’t add up. I would have cared for you, would have
“I promise.” He breathes at once, chest puffing and shrinking with a deep inhale and an equal exhale, like a child preparing for the heavy duty of a promise, ready to fulfil it.
John enters 221B with his hands full of shopping bags. He’s been scolding himself for not dressing Rosie in warmer clothes yesterday the whole way home. It’s later than Sherlock would have expected him to be back and he hopes the target of his adoration is not panicking too much. John can imagine him. In fact, he can see him clear as day; pacing over furniture and twitching whole, eating his nails one by one until they’re all done, checking on Rosie and starting over again. John is already regretting his decision of stopping by the shops, but they needed to do the shopping one way or another and since he needed to buy Rosie’s syrup… might as well get done with it all.
Sherlock. His Sherlock, his best friend, had said that. Sherlock wants them here. Both of them. ‘Well, you do love
He wants to scream. Join the voice in his head screaming at him to fight back. And he tries. He tries to muster all his courage, hang on with teeth and nails by every argument, but he’s losing. He’s already lost it.
“That’s good, Rosie. Very good”, he praises with a kiss to her right hand, that she keeps braced onto the table. Left-handed. Of course. She giggles, and offers him a spoonful, waving it to his direction with encouraging whines.
Sherlock’s ocean dreams often made him snap awake with a rapid heartrate, panting, sweat soaking through his tee, as if he had really been swimming. Many a times John’s eyes were punctured with dark circles, and he looked older, so much older. Many a time Sherlock would hesitate to speak too much, be too assertive, to ask for more, to draw attention to him and Honeybee together, would be unsure of what exactly he was allowed to do, would be afraid of screwing things up; it was both habit and active, conscious trepidation, with a twinge of fear at its tail. Other times John would be brooding, impatient with himself. But they held. They tried.
John breathes in relief and lets go of his hand. His fingers were warm, and Sherlock can feel their imprint on his skin. Can wonder why the hell he’d ever want to hide his hand away.
“I got her a new book a couple of days ago. ‘Chemistry for Babies’, or something. It’s hilarious but… You know. Why not. Thought maybe you’d like to read it to her”. John bites his lip.
“Sherlock? Good lord, you’ve turned white as a sheet! Here, I’ll take her, and you calm yourself down and call John, alright?”
Sherlock blinks. Shivers spread in his throat, his chest, his arms, his legs, the back of his head. He realizes his jaw is clenched, his eyes narrowed. He breathes, eases the muscles as much as he can. He blinks some more, chews on his upper lip. Time is distended again, the sounds zooming out of focus.
“Preferences?”, John asks, as if it was the most normal thing in the world for Sherlock to watch, or know, of any other films.
Sherlock lay awake, but this time, the void was not after him, although it could easily be. He was confused, and from all the questions, what he needed answered the most, was why.
The room, as its owner, is filled with temperate energy. Colourful and warm, as welcoming as a home, so far from an ordinary doctor’s office that John wouldn’t believe it without witnessing it for himself. Even the ever-present tidiness of a person of such principle doesn’t manage to make it lose a hint of magic.
Sherlock does not need to know the time. His very skin crawls and prickles with the memory of anticipation. With the memory of his excited heartbeat and clammy palms, at just the sight of him. Just the sight. His transport always was a traitor. What use are an elevated pulse and sweaty hands now -assuming they ever were of any use at all. His legs are tangled in the sheets, and for a moment he is not strong enough to pull his body free, as if caught up in flesh-hungry ropes, coiled, restraining. He kicks and tosses, and at last sits up in bed with a soft grunt. His eyes strain to focus, and then simply close against the rising dizziness. Another wave, and it will pass;
do for you? Are you betting on him taking you on these stupid little ‘adventures’ again? Is that what your life is going to be? You are a parent now, Johnny. You have responsibilities. And after Dad, you should know how it is to be raised by a father that cares more about himself than his children. And yet you are living with a person that can’t even understand all that. If I am so bad because of a divorce, then how about him? He’s… practically a psycho -you’ve said so yourself! You see why it’s not hard for me to be angry? To think that the only reason why you’ve kicked me out of your life is because I am-”
But as much as he wishes that all this has been is just John ignoring him, refusing to see him on purpose after what happened in the morning, he knows that there is a new danger lurking outside. One that calls to the pain and need within John. And all Sherlock had done was just push him a step closer to the brink.
Sherlock stands up to give room for John to do the same, but John does not let go of his hand. His head is turned towards his daughter’s cot, and Sherlock follows his gaze to her sleeping form. Her cheeks are a bright, poppy red, her golden hair sweaty and matted at the nape of her neck. Her breathing is regular, but she has to sleep with her mouth open, her nose too blocked to let her properly rest.
Honeybee slams her little fists on the table and reaches for Sherlock’s baguette demandingly. He pushes his plate away and tries to soothe her, leaning close above her so that he can hear his low, shushing baritone.
And Sherlock is tired. Why is then John here -not the cold-blooded, rational reasons, the real one. Is there any such reason? Perhaps... he wants to be his friend again. Or maybe at least wants them to be on speaking terms again. Sherlock is not sure what the knowledge that he would still pick John's presence and the possibility of friendship over nothing means about him.
A strip of consciousness nudges against his mind. Sherlock clutches it and crawls onto his back again. The blanket has been kicked off the bed, the sheets are a vortex around his legs. His breaths come out in puffs, but they are slow, and even though he is hyper-aware of the way his heart is beating, when he can clench his jaw enough to think past the fear for it, there is nothing abnormal about its rhythm.
When he’d fallen asleep, he had been thinking of the kiss. And when he’d woken up, there was little else on his mind. With John fussing in the morning, like a busy bee dusted with saffron-orange pollen, Sherlock had not known what to expect. There had been no talk, and no expression or regrets -which he thinks is a good thing. Even though a recap, an anchor to his sanity, would have been much appreciated. Spending all morning trying not to stare at John’s lips, he was beginning to think that he had imagined the incident altogether.
If she expected some melodramatic acknowledgement, she is instead only rewarded with John’s snapped “Likewise”
Next update will be next Thursday *fingers crossed* Check our Tumblr for updates/any changes -and say hello, too, if you wish ^^
They smiled more. John had started. With every good morning, every goodnight. Every ‘how are you’, every ‘slept well?’ But also, for random reasons. Sometimes he just saw Sherlock and smiled, and Sherlock would feel a familiar, soft-sweet heat bloom in his chest. It had taken a while, but he began to smile back. He was surprised to find how unnatural smiling so often felt, at first. As if the muscles on his face had forgotten how to do it. Maybe they were reluctant too. So Sherlock’s most smiles were private. When John was not directly looking at him. But they were there, budding carefully on parched, hard ground.
of March…’ John mouths the words with a frown. Hospital. Sherlock’s three months clean check-up. He glances up at the man, lowered eyes, unwilling to let the letter go, terrified. John bites the inside of his cheek.
He doesn’t remove his hand. It seems permanently glued there, on Sherlock warm and now flushing nape. Flushing? A moment passes.
But for John that’s impossible to believe and has been since forever. Silence descends again, broken only by the soft clings and clangs of cutlery on plates.
He had forgotten how the wait for a reply can feel. Empty, languid time, a snail crawling on a blade of grass that bends with its weight.
We're absolutely delighted people have been commenting throughout the past week and we'd love for you to enjoy this -no matter the tears- and leave us a word, a sentence, a paragraph, two or three, good or bad, anything that grabbed your attention, we're here for it! (if you want to)
“Stopped babbling only?” Chloe’s eyes follow every interaction, assessing. John wants to recoil from it, the feeling of being judged and found guilty clawing at him again, but her eyes, when they find him, are simply observing, kind and modest.
“We have talked about this before. I am not the man you think I am, Sherlock bloody Holmes”, he sighs tiredly.
John sniffs his nose as he contemplates his next words. His thumb is brushing little ticklish circles over the fabric on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock squirms a little, but does not tell him to stop.
She lets the fabric go and starts to kick around wildly, whining. He places her in the tub without another thought. She shrieks, mortified, water splashing all around and John just putting some no-tears soap in quickly. He tells himself the singing in his eyes are from the soap that does not sting.
“Yes. However you want that to be. If you’d want things to be as they have been so far then that’s what we’ll do. I just have to… For me it’s…” John’s voice cracks, but he reins it in, resuming control. As if he is trying to stay strong for both their sakes.
No. It’s not. Again. Yet. Still. It’s not alright. And it’s not going to be. Not anytime soon. He hangs his head low and forces his way through the rest of his shift, leaving the clinic as quickly as he can. Work is not a distraction enough. He’s failing. Falling. Hard.
He remembers how John did not falter when saying this the previous night. How his eyes had burned with fervent urgency, as if he’d wanted to make his words take solid substance between them. To make Sherlock believe them.
“Mm… I think it’s done its work.” He redirects his attention and so Sherlock’s also. “Let’s put a dressing on, shall we?”
He doesn’t want to bring this back now. Not his thoughts, not his past, not his studies or military, not anything. Not now. Not again. He has a more important matter to address. He averts his gaze, as quick as a hummingbird’s wings.
It takes about ten minutes more of John trying to steady her enough to clean her properly. She gives in eventually, exhausted. She’s sniffling and avoiding his gaze. Avoiding the whole of him in fact. He gives one or two last attempts to ease her sulking by playing with the duck and throwing around some bubbles but they’re half-hearted. He knows he can’t do her any good.
John is taken over by a crippling worry working through his bones. His eyes wonder to all sorts of places around the room to avoid Sherlock. Had he done something wrong? Was touching not… His fingers twitch. Burn. He swallows. They had been casual all this while but maybe affectionate wasn’t on the table. Maybe it was forbidden. John is closing in on himself. Maybe Sherlock thought-
Frozen treacherous instrument. Feeding him oxygen. Whatever for? His breaths stutter and stop. A tidal wave of pain. Attacking from the inside. Making him lurch.
He curls up on one of the chairs beside the couch, brings his knees to his chest. The position cuts his breath short, so keep his mind above water. John shifts a little, pulls the blanket tighter about him, and then groans. Sherlock waits until John’s breathing eases out and softens. His body is rocking imperceptibly back and forth as he chews on the nail of his right thumb. His left hand, shaking, plays endless, soundless scales on his ribs, as he has his arm braced around his torso; first position, second, third. And again.
If he could hide that feeling away, nestle it under his breastbone, wrap it in a cocoon away from the world, away from tomorrow. If he could be open, open, cry out to the night sky of twinkling lights that hardly sleeps.
He knows there’s a storm brewing here too, beneath the quiet. A storm altogether different, but just as demanding. She’s growing. She understands, and she feels. The world around her she absorbs like a water-hungry sapling. And she needs. She needs stability, and safety. She needs her father. The longing for him, his smile, his praise, his time, his embrace, it almost makes Sherlock’s arms numb every time he holds her. The longing for a father who is drowning, in the same room as her, sinking, away from her reach without her being able to grasp him, to grasp why.
John takes comfort in their shared familiarity, the way their words fall just right and their gazes are never far apart. He knows how to breach the subject. The air is easy between them as it has been since this afternoon. John calm again, had played with his little girl, made sure she knew how proud he was of her little drawing and helped her start some new ones, promised to buy her new pens tomorrow after their appointment. They had made dinner together while Rosie giggled at a BBC Disney singalong, pointing at a few songs with a pout on her baby lips until both of them promised to watch those movies whole together.
“I am too old for this”, Mrs. Hudson grumbles with a dismissive, frustrated wave of her hand, when neither he nor John manage to say a word. She turns on her heel to head back down the stairs. “Two grown-up men not being able to put two and two together. Outrageous!”, her voice reaches them a few moments later.
“Please, we’ve… We’ve resolved all that, now” Sherlock’s voice is kind, almost coaxing. As John would sound himself when trying to appease a Sherlock that was being particularly stubborn.
They say it is supposed to feel like fireworks. Like an explosion of feelings, colour, sensations. Maybe it is. Just not now. Now, all it is, is… quiet. The layers of the world fall away, one by one. Sounds evaporate, a crowd falling silent with the first lights that fill a stage. His focus calibrates only on the point of contact between him and John. The rusty mechanism of his mind is irrelevant. There is no questions or doubt, time stops. Truly stops. His chest is light, as if he has breathed in the vastness of a clear night sky. It’s the missing piece slotting into place, the elusive solution found, the end of an ordeal. And for once Sherlock is here, and now, not in what could be, what should be, what hasn’t been. He feels at peace.
It was John’s gaze that killed the words in his mouth. It wasn’t sharp, disappointed, tired. It was just sad. As if with every brick Sherlock added to his walls, John curled into himself too, more and more. Sherlock’s mouth closed. Opened. Closed again, helplessly.
He remembers John’s decision. How little bee should be examined, tested, to make sure she is alright physically, to determine the reason why she is a late talker. He swallows. Honeybee giggles as she has managed to stack the fifth block and gives him a wide smile. He whimpers and takes her in his arms, folding them around her like a cocoon, soft inside and hardened outside, against the world. He breathes her in, as if he could never smell her again after this moment, memorizing the way she feels, baby-soft, into his embrace. She is tiny, compared to him. As tall as his knee, maybe. The thought of strangers’ hands on her… of a stranger’s voice describing her, defining her, seeking for something to call wrong in her, a stranger’s eyes looking at her just like any other baby, unable to see her smiles, the way she clutches her pink elephant when she sleeps, how she always tries to feed her baby cream to everyone she sees instead of eating it herself. He shudders, curls his entire body around her. No-one will call Honeybee a freak. No-one.
How many times can one person take? When will it finally be too much to start from zero? Everything works in continuous vicious circles and he doesn’t know when it will be the last time he will manage to pick himself back up.
A pointed look. He wasn’t. He wasn’t sure. Especially, when it became clear. John’s presence was enough for Sherlock never to reach for her, ask for her, show her any affection. John’s presence was enough for his daughter to be silent as the grave and steal glances towards the consulting detective but never reach with her grabby hands like that first day. Rosie wasn’t happy here. Sherlock wasn’t happy here.
His eyes take in Sherlock’s form, standing at the doorway, striped pyjamas and silken robe on, pale eyes fixed wide on the heap of breakfast at the kitchen table.
A gasp. Tiny, but there. John turns his eyes to him. This time Sherlock’s gaze is water on his skin, cleansing him whole.
knew; John choosing another. John pushing him away. John blaming him, ignoring him, keeping up the wall between them.
“Course you can. But you’re still drinking this”. John sieves the bitter orange liquid. Maybe orange juice is the east wind. Sherlock’s tongue is already retreating further into his mouth.
“Um, she… She’s not… Mine-“, he stammers, unsure of whether his voice is louder than a moth’s beating wings.
Mrs. Hudson opens the door for them, waving goodbye. Honeybee whines and reaches for her, but John keeps her steady in her baby carrier and instead shows her how to wave back.
Sherlock stares at him, flabbergasted with incomprehension, but luckily John decides this is a point worth clarifying.
John shifts on his back once again. Heels of his palms pressing his eye sockets. Why would this all be coming back now? He whines to himself in the semi-darkness.
“I believe Rosie is going to be just fine. Such psychological imbalances before the age of three are not usually sustained or remembered. She might need your careful guidance and some nudges maybe, but I believe she’s already on the way to perfection. As long as you love her and show her. I can help if you want me to. We can keep an appointment every week for a month and then depending on Rosie’s progress, one every other week.”
He is still awed that there is so much trust and faith placed upon his shoulders. That his opinion, with regards to the issues concerning Honeybee, matters so to John. And he is still giddy over what happened at the therapist’s office. The very specific thing.
John had watched Sherlock’s irises from eager blue turn to doubting grey. He had stayed silent for a moment, a twitch in his lip John is sure is a tell for when he tries to mask a particularly troubling emotion from the world, and then spoke with utter reverence.
John’s shoulders tense. Here it comes again. He feels they are going in circles. She has nothing better to do than to crush his newfound confidence of being able to be a father. She has nothing than words. Threats that will never come to fruition. Why can’t she take one ‘no’ and be done with it? Why does she need to control someone’s life to feel herself accomplished?
He watched as John was digging through the second medicine cupboard, and at last -after some rummaging- produced the syrup for Sherlock’s heartburn; pills were even harder to get down when it reared its head. John measured the dull liquid with precision in the little cup and handed it to Sherlock with a gentle nod.
“There!”, John finally says, triumphantly, as he sits back down. Sherlock’s spine is tingling, and he wishes he could be the forest floor itself.
No. No, no, no. He can’t lose this job. He can’t lose the only thing he does that actually helps. He can’t-
There is no reply. He was not truly expecting any. He scuttles forward a little. John does not retreat, but the tension in his frame coils, hardens. Sherlock stops, and waits. John lowers his head. His hand is still on his hair, locked around a silver handful. It is still pulling, the knuckles bone-white.
John joins him, and it’s seamless; stream flowing into its river. There’re two sets of hands with coordinated movements, two figures filling the space against the first white morning light.
Sherlock’s eyes blink open, his body jerking. John breathes a sigh a relief. His palm is on Sherlock’s forehead, feeling his temperature.
wrong”, he breathes, his face mushed against Sherlock’s t-shirt. He smells of cinnamon. He feels like home. John’s eyes screw shut, and he nuzzles closer. “Please…” There is so much he would ask for, beg for…
“What…” Sherlock frowns, appearing to be choosing his words carefully. John licks his lip. “What you did… it was good.”
With increasing awareness of his surroundings comes the realisation that the anchoring weight of another body lies beside his own. A breathing slow and deep surrounds him. It is so familiar that he can picture the rise and fall of the chest it belongs to.
That man. Of course. The over the top, genius, drama-queen of a man. The man John absolutely adores. Of course, he would throw himself under the bridge if he had the simplest inclination that he wouldn’t be seeing John again. Or the tiniest hope he could one day have him back.
Sherlock tried to keep things as they were between them, letting John’s small confessions to him be the only change. He did not want to press, overstep, do something Not Good,
It would be Honeybee’s first bath in 221B in more than six months. Sherlock had checked that the water was at the right temperature, gathered her favourite bath toys and arranged them around the tub, found an unopened bottle of baby-safe, no-tears shampoo, which had remained in the cupboard since the previous spring. Rosie, oblivious, was playing on the towels he had strewn on the floor for her. When it was time to carry her inside the tub he did so gently, kneeling to lower her in, even though his not yet fully-healed ribs had screamed in protest. She had clung onto him like a kitten terrified of being drowned the moment her feet touched the water. Sherlock had tried to soothe her with his voice, but she had kicked and whined, burying her face in his chest. He had immediately scooped her up into his arms and cuddled her close, for as long as she had needed. She still needed a bath, but he wasn’t going to repeat the experience; he had to ease her into it, somewhere where she would feel safer, more in control.
Honeybee whines, not in protest exactly, but she definitely does not sound happy. She burrows closer to Sherlock, who leans his head against hers soothingly, just a little bit. If John watches, he does not want to see the expression on his face.
“Got it.” He murmurs, then is careful to deposit the piece in the sink. He will clean that thoroughly later. The priorities have shifted now.
A few tufts are brushed back from her forehead by long pale fingers. John remembers all the months Sherlock and Rosie spent apart, all the times they both must have longed for each other; based on their ever-close relationship on the months her mother was on her world-tour. He remembers Sherlock’s eyes when she didn’t recognise him at first, when they moved back in. He remembers his reluctance to hold her in front of John, to ask for her, to talk to her. He still has it all now. Still fights to not overstep. To not appear too much like the parent he truly is. More than John ever has been. He sees and observes and remembers and he still, still worries. Still has to make such an awful thing as to separate them by one floor. John can’t breathe.
John thinks he can even hear birds chirping out the window in the middle of sound-polluted London. There is so much energy running through his brain and body, making him almost dance around the room. Cheerful. Covers are thrown away, lips are puckering to a circle, John sits up and starts whistling.
It takes some moments, but he smiles. He is happy, like this. He can be. For as long as it lasts, it is a reality he wants to live.
He can see it in her eyes that she wants to throw it again but one look at Sherlock kneeling on the carpet and John knows it’s not a good idea.
Sherlock knows that what is happening is not in the bottles, empty or not, and that throwing them away changes nothing. Something is happening, under the surface, stirring, moving. He can’t name it. He doesn’t dare approach it. But he knows it’s there. Eating John alive from the inside. Deepening his worry lines, worsening the tremor in his hand, strangling his words to nods and grunts. There are times his eyes are empty and glassy, transparent like ice.
She’d never understand. Her one-sided view of the world would never change. It’s of no use. Anger boils inside his gut once again.
Now there’s something different all together happening. The broken pieces are back, returning to place, and Sherlock’s lips are tugged, tugged, tugged. Into infinity.
“Nothing fancy.” Plush lips turned thin, returning a smile of their own. “How was work?” His eyes fleeting over John, featherlight.
Sherlock tries to stop him, tries to match the strength of John’s anger, but he can’t. He can’t walk against the wind of this storm, not this time. His wrist is shaking with the effort, and his breaths turn into short, painful jabs.
Mrs. Hudson smiles at him. “Look at you… Never would have thought you’d make a parent. In your own weird way, even”
That done, he has no reason he can think of justifying him being so tense. Again. It’s only when he paces around twice -without any particular purpose- he realises exactly how unsettled he is. John looks at his twitching fingers, contemplating. Rosie gives a small but louder sigh. His muscles relax that infinitesimal bit. He rubs his cheek, scratching the stubble that should probably be called a beard by now -because that’s what it is and he is avoiding the admission for days- and it hits him.
“You think it’s because of you?” Her voice was tentative. They had discussed this before, but he can’t possibly be sure anything stuck with him those first times he came back to her, when Sherlock was still hospitalised.
Slicked back curls, skin shining with myriads of droplets caught on stubbly cheeks, tone confused, gaze incredulous. In any other case, John would have laughed.
Rosie interrupted them, reaching for Sherlock’s silken lapels. She quite liked the fabric. John would say it was her favourite. He wondered how it would seem to an outsider if he bought her silken bedsheets, so she would sleep better. They’ll probably think of the riches he was hiding.
Sherlock waits, discreetly observing. The creases on John’s forehead have deepened, there are black circles under his eyes, his left hand is tremoring, ever so subtly. His back is stiff, and his leg stiffer. Sherlock remembers other times spent in the threshold and attempts to match this reality with them. But in his mind, the doors have rusty hinges, and he struggles to push them open. Doors amidst ashes and ruins, wombs of life in a collapsing world.
Sherlock nods and stays still as John walks closer, to lift the precious warm bundle onto Sherlock's waiting arms. "Thank you", John repeats in a hushed whisper. If Sherlock was fool enough to delude himself, he could believe it was almost tender. John makes sure Rosie is safely transferred and then steps back again. He avoids Sherlock's eyes again. But it is alright, now; Sherlock can hold Honeybee. It doesn't hurt that much.
How to help? What to do? It’s too much. Too much. Is this right? Getting Rosie to a therapist. Asking Sherlock to come. Is he doing right by either of them? Or is he failing?
Surprisingly, they both look up from their plates at the same time, both thinking about little rose, peaceful in her cot. John smiles and gets blinded. Because Sherlock’s answering smile is small but powerful. Bright like the sun. Or as he would say if ever commented upon:
To his surprise and delight, he was allowed to take care of Honeybee, as he had been doing the past few days, and there was no other mention of the previous day’s incident. Problem was, she seemed to be entirely indifferent to him, or at least to try to be. He had to work his way back to her affection with makeshift little tunes he hummed softly, tickles, hugs, and three different fairytales. Which she rejected all, along with any other plushie or toy he tried to tempt her with. She just kept babbling to her pink elephant and stabbing him with accusatory stares, when she could be bothered to stop turning her face away from him. ‘Stubborn as her father’. He smiled and reached for the small booklet John had left with him yesterday. ‘Chemistry for babies’. If it was as silly as it sounded… He turned the soft fabric book over in his hands. He had felt it yesterday, but now he truly saw it for the first time. A bright green cover, with an image of a test-tube fizzling with colourful bubbles. He sat cross-legged on the carpet beside her and began to read. If she paid him any mind, he was not sure. But after a while, she fell asleep with her head pillowed on his thigh.
He ends the call and turns his phone off. He’s seething. Anger pooling to every limb of his body. Energy boiling him alive. He can’t go to his seminar today. He fucking can’t. Shame drowns him. His last word outburst doesn’t even come close to make him start feeling any better. He is shaking whole. He can only grab his bag and run.
Subduction: The downward movement of one crustal plate beneath another, typically occurring within the deep ocean trenches.
“Good. That’s good then. You’re both doing well” She says that in that way of hers that lets him know she doesn’t wholly believe him.
John looks at him, expression open, heart open to be enlightened. Somehow, he feels they have slid into another conversation in need to be had instead of the one Sherlock was stirring up.
John said he’d go downstairs to bring Honeybee. Sherlock excused himself, saying he was tired and a little under the weather. John looked disappointed but did not press him.
Most often, he is sure that he has misunderstood. Three years ago, he returned to England to see John move on without him. Eight months ago, John shut him out of his life. Two months ago, he called him a liar, hit him hard enough to break him in two. Seven years now his little problem has clang on, stubborn and illogical, with no resolution in sight -and no hope for one. And now John wants him. Them. How and when it happened, Sherlock does not know, and is afraid to ask. It was impossible one moment and his reality the next, delicate as a cobweb.
Something like ‘oh hush, your father needs—yes, I’ll find the bee alright, let’s—’ following. John turns it off and leaves in on his bedside again.
It took John a moment to reply, but when he did he turned around to face Sherlock, and his expression was soft, and open. “ ‘Ella’s Kitchen’, I think? Something like that”
Taking stock. Protecting, in that subtle but ever-present way. To be seen, to be included… After he got used to having John’s attention, Sherlock felt alive every time it happened.
Sherlock frowns. He is not a parent. Just a temporary, convenient caretaker. Not that he doesn’t… Doesn’t harbour for this little human being incomparable, unfathomable tender affection, which, he thinks, is at the very least close to what a parent should feel for their little one.
He walked in to John making breakfast, already dressed for work, and Honeybee playing with her baby food in her chair.
“Jooohn.” Sherlock’s voice is sounding almost like a croak, trying to be rebuking and failing in all regards. He has taken the spoon from their little girl’s hand and left it on the table again. He’s blushing.
He’s pleading and knocking and there’s only soft water splashes from inside and John gasps, believing he’s entitled to breath now but not getting it, not being allowed to, the air is still lead in his gut, because 221b is not empty, not grey, not abandoned, not dead, but it might soon well be.
A small silence presses in on them and John can feel Sherlock’s toes flexing under the blankets. He closes his eyes. Breathes.
John waits for the maps app to come up before he jerks his head in a nod. Sherlock hovers close, face turned at any passers-by, his frown from inside the tube returning over his delicately shaped eyebrows. Rosie kicks again. John grunts.
Sherlock sighs, clears his throat. Remains rooted to the spot for some moments -but sways a little, like a child not knowing what they're supposed to do. When nothing else is heard, he shakes his head of unruly dark curls, and goes back to his circular route (door-stairs-door, door-stairs-door).
The man startles, turning to the soft sound. John takes in the tightness of his shoulders, the wide eyes. He had zoned out. Something screams at the back of John’s mind. ‘Better not dig in this one.’
His next step brings them closer, elbows brushing, just like they used to. John doesn’t try to name what happened on the tube. He can only see Sherlock’s face, lost like a child, fearful, as John ran to him. And then Sherlock turning to him like a gentle flower towards light, reaching for contact, for warmth, for a safety net. John had gotten distracted, given in to worry, to rumination. He had forgotten how Sherlock had always been overwhelmed by the commonly overwhelming world, by his brain, by social contact. He had forgotten how he used to linger close just to soothe Sherlock, years back. How his own PTSD and Sherlock’s mind -running a hundred miles per hour- clicked and settled together. Found their peace. Their balance. Pieces of a puzzle. Halves of a whole.
“He’s wearing casual clothes.” Sherlock mumbles, in absentminded observation. His eyebrows knit together.
Sherlock’s hand has fallen to his side, fingers flexing, leather gloves squeaking. John’s chest is a bubble of emotion, the realisation stark before him, staring him in the eye, unmoving. He wants to reach. He wants to
“Happy now?” John’s voice reaches Sherlock from further away. Other chair. Right. The sofa is no-man’s land, then.
Still, this presence of John has left behind an imprint Sherlock can’t fill. He almost did not want to see him leave for work, despite the fact that it meant his time with Honeybee would then begin. He can’t help but anticipate him. Clinging to it, to the wait to see John at the door again as if he were returning home -had he not said so, that Honeybee had found a more permanent home? Perhaps John could feel the same too- kept the endless droning on of his mind at bay, helped him stay afloat. It also makes him restless.
The presence against him fills in, like the outline of a sketch being pencilled in with colour; from dream to solid man, from unattainable hope to reality. Their stubble catches and rubs and chafes. Sherlock’s breath catches hitches, and then a beam of light buzzes and bursts from his belly to the rest of his body. There’s so much he wants to do, to have, to
His body shuddered with a chilly spell. Sherlock pulled the blanket tighter around him and turned on the side it hurt less to sleep upon. In the dark after the light had been switched off, he blinked, absorbed, for a little, by how his eyes being closed or open made little difference.
“-I am not asking you to”, Sherlock interjects, his voice soft. He thinks he understands. He has known John’s struggles with PTSD, from before. But would not expect him to lay his heart bare. The two of them never worked like that. Not even when they were friends.
Not why Sherlock left, not why John took so long to eliminate the impossible, not how much of each other they have lost, through the days, the months, the years. Not who they are. Who he is. Who he can be.
“B-bad.” He stammered, pressed his lips together. It was his homework. To write down everything he consumed throughout the week. He couldn’t. It wasn’t bloody working. If he tried, he could easily end up dead on the pavement, drunk to death, because of his guilt at drinking any in the first place.
First they’d been running around in circles. John refused to see clearly, how it wasn’t him, how it was Sherlock’s stupid outburst that had caused the nightmare of the previous day. John had spoken about rehab as if he were a dog with rabies that had to be put down. The memory still made Sherlock’s bone-marrow run cold.
John nods, eyes fixed on a random point of the headboard, somewhere beside Sherlock’s head. Slow. Slow. That’s all he can do. Bringing himself to accept the cold gaze slowly. If he looks now, he’s done for.
“I didn’t- didn’t hurt them, just... was afraid I might had, and so drunk myself to a stupor in the evening.” He clenches his fist, the fresh bandage over his knuckles stretching with the motion. He’s sure she’s noticed but he doesn’t want to talk about that at the moment.
Voice tight with strain. Painting pieces of a puzzle. Sherlock does not want to guess or deduce. He wants John’s words.
Sherlock frowns, barely a reaction. His fingers are shaking wild. John inhales through his nose, chest puffing with the effort.
The light is gone. John raises his head. Sherlock sits opposite him, patient, his own cup at hand; their customary comfort mugs saved for later, for their usual middle of the night conversations. Nothing was worse than nightmares. They both agreed on it. His tall shape blocking the reflected rays of reaching John’s cup. Instead, they create an impressive but unnerving orange to ruby halo around him. John’s head tilts to one side. He breathes. All chest and shoulders, raising and falling in a wide motion. Deep.
If he could have it once, forgiveness, the rekindling of friendship, then, maybe… He could have it once again? Maybe he
He winces, tries to get away. Fails. No. No, he doesn’t want to, he doesn’t. He doesn’t want to see.
It had been such a long time since last he thought of himself as John’s friend. And he had not considered himself likely to experience John’s friendship again, given what had happened over the last eight months -and possibly since before that, too. But now… Now… It was such a bewildering, mismatched thought among the jumbled-up patchwork of things he had established as set in stone for so long. It was so simple that it was the most intricate thing, so impossible it shone all the clearer, so wanted it seemed like it’d been here all along, so unattainable it couldn’t fit into his mind.
Struggling thoughts. Every day. But it’s so not true. John knows that now. It’s not true. Pretending he’s never left 221B of course doesn’t help. Avoidance doesn’t help. He needs to take care of his daughter. He needs to take care of Sherlock. Not to make up for anything. (He can’t make up for
appreciate it. He can live with it, and he will be happy to live with it. It is enough. And when it isn’t he will make it be.
She’s content to pick up interest in her other toys scattered around her little table in no time, starting to draw over the plastic with some Crayola markers.
Compared to John, the mad genius is fine. Quite fine. Isn’t he? He seems to be. Not always but... How many times have John’s eyes not taken in the long figure, straight and tall over the kitchen counter, putting much needed sugar in his mug? How many times has Sherlock not strolled from the bedroom to his armchair, dressed impeccably -almost too much-? How many times has John not paused in the doorway, gaping, the old days flashing before his eyes as if he was leaving them in the here and now?
he can help. They are friends again, alright, but now this is being tested for the first time, and they had set no boundaries, no guidelines for cases of emergency like this one. But there is nothing to it; there are things, achievements, progress that are at stake if that fire is allowed to burn and destroy as it wills. All these days, Sherlock’s mission has been to provide John with a steady home to go back to, a stable environment, safe for healing. This peace is being threatened by whatever has become enclosed within John like an atomic bomb. The least Sherlock can do, is help him diffuse it. He doesn’t know a way. So what? He’ll find a way.
John falters a step, a protective palm steadying Rosie’s head over his chest as he regains his balance and strides forward. ‘Yes. Really.’
He feels his left-hand tremble; his right is numb. He swallows, reads over the message again. Types.
John erases the tremble in his tone. He will be a good father. He won’t let Harry deter him from the goal. He won’t let Rosie down. He won’t let Sherlock down. Not again. Not ever.
His shoulders have started to hurt from Rosie’s weight. They should have gotten the stroller. But the tube would have been more of a nightmare if they had, wouldn’t it? Rosie starts to jostle around whatever constricted space she has available. She might be getting heavier but she’s still thin as a stick for a baby of that age, which results in her ability to wiggle around in almost everything. Baby car-seats, strollers, high-chairs and of course, John’s strapped on carrier. Not helpful at all.
“Sherlock.” A whisper. A prayer. He raises his eyes, nose brushing the edge of his duvet as he has huddled himself up in a tight cocoon.
Sherlock takes a step back, not wanting to scare the little cornered animal that John has turned into more -at least not more than he already has. He decides to let himself be seen, instead of looming over John from behind, as if he were a threat.
John sits on the sofa beside her, concerned. Quite an eventful day already and he still has Ella later.
He has startled her to silence. When she returns her tone is full of confrontation and irony, laced with danger, fuelled with hatred.
“Yes, sorry, yeah. Ta so much, Ella.” He already misses the sight of the two people he loves most in the world. He scans the window in front of him. Maybe a reflection…
And at the centre of it all, is John. Only, he isn’t. Even John is a memory, eroded, chipped away bit by bit. With every word they don’t say, every glance they don’t give. Sherlock had not expected everything to be the same. He had not expected everything to be easy. But he had not expected this, either.
Also, if it wasn't clear: in that unnameable TLD scene (*our version of it, ahem, artistic licence) John yanked a couple of curls clean off Sherlock's scalp. In the chapter, when he was ruffling Sherlock's hair, he touched the little, now bald, spot where the curls were yanked from, close to Sherlock's ear. The spot is normally hidden by the curls above it. Hair ripped from one's scalp can take between 6 to 12 months to regrow. Or depending on the damage, it may not regrow at all.
John notices the lack of another deduction but shrugs it off, determined to have a good night. He takes it as a silent invitation and proceeds to talk Sherlock through everything he knows of this year’s season, blabbing until the next song and laughing in between. There is no other deduction talk other than what John tries and fails to guess, Sherlock only raising a playful eyebrow here and there. John doesn’t mind, but is determined to get to the bottom of this soon.
Perhaps he will never get used to this. His heart will always kick a little when John holds his hand, and smiles, and looks at him just so… Perhaps this is why he is leaning in now, his lips soft and lingering onto John’s bearded cheek. Perhaps this is the thrill of being alive.
“The big ship sank to the bottom of the sea, the bottom of the sea, the bottom of the sea.” John bursts into a serenade with a smirk, Rosie hopping on his knees again, gracing her father with the delight she’s still inclined to hum with him into higher notes and quicker rhythms.
“Are you angry because you believe her? What she says?” It is a long shot, and he knows it. It’s a dangerous one, potentially. He is grasping at straws. But he has to get them moving. The air around them is already growing stale.
Sherlock Holmes. Always a mystery. John doesn’t mind. Never did. Even if it brought him to the edge sometimes. It wasn’t only Sherlock’s fault. It was their lack of proper communication. They have that now. So, what could possibly go wrong? Besides, Baker Street has proven to be the perfect place for them, time and time again.
He hates having to think about his failing attempts at fatherhood. Realising his daughter has had minimal contact with people who love her. Doubting she will even remember even a faraway scent of her mother’s presence. (‘Mary’ barely even cared anyway.) He hates to watch in this blasted life that he’s locked himself in, while she takes her first steps into this world slower than normal, underdeveloped in certain areas because of his flaws, but too fast for him to change anything he has done wrong.
It's a ride in hell. There are too many bodies pressed so close to his, too many strangers haloed in question-marks. John's face is set tight and taught, like stretched clay. A baby is screeching, a woman is chatting away on her phone loud enough for everyone's hearing courtesy, there is a team of schoolboys talking animatedly behind him, a couple bickering to his left. It all goes straight to his brain and squeezes, squeezes, squeezes, until he wants to cry out from the pain of keeping it all in, and it keeps coming and coming, hordes of it, of sound and strangers and question marks and pressure pressure pressure. He wants to go home. He wants home, he needs home, he needs-
He can’t block it out. The rage. At himself. He is quite obviously unworthy of acceptance. Guilty. They find him guilty. He can’t possibly expect for his attempts to matter. He cannot matter. For anyone. Any step towards reciprocation would eventually lead to rejection. His care is not enough. His feelings -unannounced, hidden- can never be enough. He
John freezes. Sherlock’s words come from somewhere far away. As if trapped in another dimension of this god-forsaken universe. Is he blaming himself for Harry’s outburst? Or is it something else? John comes to kneel in front of him on the floor.
His heart stops when his fingers curl over John’s. And then his heartbeat is too fast. Too loud. For a moment he is a herded animal, desperate to escape, the white of its eyes showing as it kicks and struggles. He holds tighter.
But now, he only remembers the leaf. The whimsical brown leaf that had made John reach and cup his face in a palm to disentangle it from his hair. He remembers the heat boiling under his skin, the tingles paralysing him, the breath he had been holding. And he remembers something more. He remembers
-when she’s not kicking at his ribs, for example. John gets his phone out, fingers pressing at the screen with insistence. Sherlock shoots him a glance.
“Sherlock found me in the kitchen. Helped me to rest, and regroup, a little. We talked this morning.”
John huffs, sinking back to the floor, turning around and collapsing at the tub’s side, head tipping over back, his hair getting soaked but he doesn’t care. Sherlock is fine. Sherlock is safe. Sherlock is here. That’s all that matters.
Ten days of Sherlock barely breathing when John walked into the room. Pursing lips, acting normal, hiding.
They wait for their food and drinks, Sherlock listening but sometimes getting distracted by the question-marks floating around people’s heads, clothes, faces, as John talks steadily to Rosie all the while.
Instinct is slow to wake. Basking is all he does at first, too stunned, and too starved, to respond. He drinks it all in but as it comes, no rush, no fear. It’s heady, like too-sweet, warm wine, that leaves his tongue only begging to be doused with more, more, please,
The precious, sweet-hearted little one, that tries to feed everyone with her spoon, that babbles to her plushie elephant more eloquently than any adult to another, that boops his nose when he is sad, that falls asleep to the rhythm of his heart, that never forgot him despite spending eight months away from him, that is so brilliant with her puzzles and cloth blocks and drawings that she can achieve anything, anything she sets her mind to. The little girl that makes John smile and laugh, that gives him hope and courage to be the man he wants to be, that gives him a reason. The bundle of joy that has the tiniest dimples on her rosy-pink cheeks and the brightest sun-kissed curls, that blooms and blooms every day. Harry threatened that they could take her away.
“Maybe because of what my hell of a sister said?” A shrug. He can’t really know, as he didn’t know back then… as he’ll never know… But it doesn’t matter, right? Sherlock said he’s not leaving. He said it… He… He promised?
Sherlock does not want to see what John saw. He would give too much away if he knew just how much he had been unable to conceal. Tomorrow, he will not be able to put it off for longer. Tomorrow he will have to learn how to navigate this new state of affairs. To understand it, above all -how can he and John always
And just like that, John reaches across the table. His fingers trail to the side of Sherlock’s head, above his ear, brushing its tip just that little bit on their way. Sherlock goes very, very still. He feels John’s fingers working against his scalp as he parts the curls, and then catches the leaf in index and middle finger. He stops as soon as he has begun pulling it away. Sherlock’s breath stops with him.
His fingertips are on Sherlock’s temple. He catches a tuft between them. A stray one. All alone in the pale expanse of Sherlock’s forehead. He finds it soft. Softer than he could have ever imagined. His sense of touch is overloaded with need. The need to remember… To block his imaginings of years and years, just so he could cherish the real moment, the real memory now that he has one. His heart skips a bit. Slow with palpable sadness. He’s afraid. He can’t lose him. Not now. Not again.
Yes, all John Watson remembers anymore every waking moment of his life are those eyes. Looking up at him while the perfectly shaped Cupid’s bow of wanted lips - broken and bleeding - spoke the words that are now haunting his every step.
Apparently, John was the only one not aware of the date’s existence. Birthday… Of course, Sherlock would shrug it off. Of course, it wasn’t important. As expected. Why would he care? Did he ever care anyway? Still, the whole affair irked John. He had spent seven bloody years of his life with Sherlock being the centre of it and him being praised of how he was the only one ever to know the detective so well. He would snort at that if he wasn’t drunk, finishing the half-empty bottle hanging from his hand while lingering on the long unwelcome corridor. His daughter upstairs sound asleep.
“There’s always a catch”, Sherlock murmurs, so feebly John is not sure he’s meant to have heard it. He denies any truth in the phrase anyway -he can’t face the magnitude of it, its true depth, not now- shaking his head vigorously.
“Well, I wanted to say… I don’t think you know why- why I left my cane in your hospital room, do you? I mean, you predicted it, of course, but still.” John finds he is smiling at the memory.
Was this what the loss cost Sherlock? The loss of their balance? The loss of John? Was there -maybe- a last twinkling hope holding it all together? Or was it -for the most part- acceptance of loneliness? Acceptance of the end? The end of the joint lives of these two men?
Sherlock shrugs, his eyes back on the TV screen. “Dunno” Greg had not asked him to help on any, and even if he did, there was nothing now that Sherlock could possibly help with. He does not want to speak of that truth. Not now. He wants to remain useful in John’s eyes. For a little bit more…
“It seemed fitting to just… let you know now.” He shrugs, fingers engulfing the cared for palm. “I don’t mind it as much anymore. Thanks to you.”
John inhales, sharply. “Harry”. Sherlock waits. John is solid, the way solid flames would be. “I just… I’m really,
Had he meant to snap? Possibly. His anger used to be easy to rise, cold and refreshing when wrapped tight about him like a second coat, a plate of armour. Now it only left him barren, emptied, turned inside out.
And then this happens, and her sodding know-it-all fuckery, and-“ John sighs, his eyebrows knitting together. “Because she has no right to do that. I’m not… I’m not who she thinks I am, okay? I’m not like-“ He stops, realizing maybe he has said too much. Sherlock pushes back a chair and sits, palms cupping each other over the table. Who is John afraid of being like?
But if he admits now, one or both of the truths that plague him with the vicious need to be both revealed and concealed at once, the end will only come faster. Sherlock is not ready for that. He is not ready to face the events his truths will unleash.  As much as he may try to excuse himself, at the end of the day, he
Sherlock falls silent. John’s worry seeps through his bones faster than any torrent of cold. Whatever illusion of his strength or ability to help fades.
It had barely left his lips. As in a nightmare; he couldn’t speak, water flooding in his mouth. The mug had been smashed down against the sink, among the rest of the ruins. John had tried to reach for the jam and more of its red innards emptied onto the tablecloth as John picked it up. A snarled sob ricocheted off the walls, and the jar had been sent flying against the pile.
They’ve been here for half an hour already. The tub is full halfway so she can sit on the bottom and still be above water. But she doesn’t budge.
Rosie had gulped down a sob. The words struck high and growled, and then fell to murmuring before swelling out again, angry waves lashing and rolling, gathering. John was on his feet now, cracked mug in hand, and his knuckles were as white as the china.
He still remembers: what he has been through, what has been said, and done. He remembers his life. But not much else. All other information he had painstakingly collected over the years, and the ability to pick pieces from it and slot them together into a case-solving puzzle at lightning speed, the ability to read people like open books, is gone with it. He can make new memories, can remember reasonably well. But not everything. And not nearly enough. He forgets, and does not know what to do with any information he collects, so that he will just keep forgetting. If he tries to build, not a new wing, just a new room, he fails, and whatever he has put together has crumbled by the next morning.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s expression shows exactly how much that makes sense and John can’t help but smile with a small shrug.
“Ah. My Gran used to have many of those. She never let us touch any of it.” John pauses, grinning. “It was all fake.”
A small fist gets tangled with the curls at the back of his neck and accidentally pulls, as Honeybee snot-weeps into his tee.
“I didn’t know -hadn’t noticed, maybe didn’t care to notice- he could feel things… this way… Now, faced with it, with how important it was to him to know -explicitly- we were actually still friends…” He stopped, focused on Ella again and didn’t continue.
She raises her palms to him and he brings one in front of his chest too. Her nose scrunched up in concentration and then she rested both her little hands against his in double high-five.
Heat. Sun. Guns. A gun. He’s at the bottom and he can’t move again. A gun is pointed right at him. A bride on the other side of it. Smiling. Long, messy, yellow -almost white- hair framing the wicked face. A flash. A transformation. The dress now black. Every bit of skin covered, hair hidden.
“Look.” Greg starts, taking a breath, hands at his waist, thumbs under his beltloops. “I just had to say… if you are doing – what I think you’re doing.” A meaningful glance cast his way.
“It’s okay”, John adds, quickly. “Only if you-” Sherlock is happy to shush him by turning his body so that he can lie with his legs resting across John’s thighs; one and then the other.
There’s nothing more exciting than to use every last ounce left of his mind to understand and measure and calculate the precise mechanics of Honeybee’s speech, see how it changes, how it improves -perhaps predict her first word?
John left for his shift a couple of hours ago, and for the first time, she seemed a little lost at his absence. After John waved her goodbye, she sat on the carpet with her elephant suffocated to her chest, eyes locked on the door, her lips parted a little in the expression she took when she was troubled. It lasted for five minutes. Sherlock let her have some time, and then approached her with a stuffed penguin, had it nuzzle her cheeks and boop her nose. She had giggled and turned to boop him back with her elephant. And from then on, they had been back to normal.
He sets his phone down to the sound of the front door opening and closing with a thud. His ears perk up. Mrs. Hudson wasn’t out, and she wouldn’t go out. Unless she made plans, but no, this is not the way she closes the door behind her. Then the footfalls on the stairs follow, and he has shot upright, pulling his dressing gown on.
“That. That would be. Good.” Sherlock frowns, pausing, as if having a problem gathering his words in a way they work together.
“Oh, thank you”, John’s eyes crinkle at the edges and he presses his lips to little flower’s forehead. “Hello, sweetheart. I missed you” Honeybee reaches for him, and Sherlock waits until John’s hands are free to hold her securely before he lets her clutch onto John’s shirt.
Where is the harm in never telling John? In never letting John find out? It won’t be that difficult, after all. Not more difficult than it has already -and always- been. Most probably, it is for the best.
The tub is almost brimming. Sherlock turns the tap off. The last stray drops dive, and their plop landing echoes in the now silent bathroom.
The café is tiny and crammed. The difference in temperature is felt at once, Sherlock sweltering in his Belstaff, Honeybee’s cheeks, already pink from playing outside, now a flaming red. John’s hair is utterly dishevelled beyond salvation -and Sherlock knows that the riot on his head is in no better state.
Sherlock peeks up and John sits at the head of their table, beside both his daughter and friend. They eat in silence. Sherlock methodical, bites small and even, arranged and organised on his plate as he kills time between mouthfuls. John watches but doesn’t count; he trusts him. Rosie chaotic at first but quieter as John reaches to help her, taking a bite on and off himself until she’s finished. He goes back to his food then and she plays with the spoon again, less energetic now. She has stopped babbling and he gathers she’s tired and full.
Left to his own devices, Sherlock would have planned this scene out in a very simple, straightforward way: John would realise something was not right with him. Sherlock just had to cause disruptions, to upset the balance, to set John back, just as things were getting better. Sherlock could not be grateful, could not be happy. John would see that, all of that. See right through Sherlock’s mask, right to the core of how he was just a fake. John would be apprehensive, possibly indignant, and to any questions he might have, Sherlock would be unable to provide the right answer. So, John would go away, again, and take Honeybee with him; take the decision that would be better for the two of them.
. Of Sherlock. Attempting to reintroduce her darling boy to a steady diet that will get his metabolism going. She follows doctor’s orders of course, always cautious. John knew what it was required but hadn’t managed to pay much attention up to now. Treatments for damaged liver and kidneys, ways of battling reflux-syndrome commonly used for people with other eating disorders, were flying over his head, today. And every day since he came to 221B. Too much to take in.
“You do not have to decide now. You do not have to decide… ever, really. You can just forget this ever happened if you want, I just needed to let you know. Just once”
Sherlock’s eyes snap open. It’s dark in his room, dark and silent. Only the small light of his phone charging gives any semblance of contact with some part of the outside world. He can’t move. His own breaths weigh him down, sealing him up as if in a tomb.
He gets up. No time for it. He’s anxious enough to see Sherlock and check on Rosie already. His body is a live wire. The bed creaks and he almost freezes, reflexes mandating he shouldn’t make his wakefulness known. It only takes a moment to snap out of it, follow his routine, casually stepping into the bathroom… but it has him aching for bliss.
Sherlock watches the small waterfall that flows from the tap, pouring into the shallow puddle that has formed on the bottom of the tub. It sloshes, at first, to the left, the right. Spreading, all frothy and hissing. But as more and more fills the tub, its tiny roar grows deeper, gurgling, like bubbles blown through a straw.
She claps in agreement as he demonstrates, placing his palms by his head like elephant ears and waves them softly, as the massive creatures do to fend off flies. Then she mimics the movement and laughs.
Sherlock’s eyes and lips both quiver. Just so. John can hear his soft, panted laughter in his head, his dismissive comment. Can see him turning away, covering his wounds anew and locking John out again.
His blue dressing gown brushes against his bare ankles as he tries to be careful and silent as a cat. It’s only his voice that ventures forward, seeking a path.
John gulps for air, snaps his eyes open, pants a little. Sherlock is looking at him, a sharp intensity John can feel to his every bone. His eyes flicker, perplexed. He doesn’t know where this is going. Not yet. But he sees something in John’s eyes, something that makes his widen in surprise. It looks like he’s been searching for it, but not really expecting to find it.
John’s lips are warm against his, the pressure he puts into the kiss what has him leaning against Sherlock’s body and standing on tiptoes. Sherlock thinks of the down on a peach, the softest pastel sky-blue, the trembling dew-wet wings of a butterfly.
When his breaths flow uniformly again, he tries to rationalise what he's doing. He knows that it's insane to give in, even so little, to the same treacherous sentiment that has torn him apart. But he can't help it. He can't. Dignity be damned. He needs him; he needs John. Sherlock knows his place, his role, the pain burning in the second hole in his chest. And he still needs him. Is that being selfish? He’s not making John stay, he does not expect that John getting better will change anything between them. He just acknowledges that truth that has been with him since the start, or at least, since a very long time ago. If that is selfish, he thinks he can afford this type and amount of selfishness. It harms no one, anyway. No one other than him, but that does not matter. He can bear it.
And then there was that last one. Yesterday. More like a dream. John hoped it wasn’t real. ‘Please, God, let it not be.’
“Yeah?” John’s tongue shoots to dab on the middle of his lower lip. Sherlock’s eyes follow its movement, how it’s slow and deliberate, sharing glistening moisture with the darker flesh pink of John’s lips.
“I’ve made some light chicken noodle soup. Why don’t you boys take some and talk over dinner? I can keep the little miss for a while more.”
The gears are rusty, and his concentration is hanging from a thread; anything could shatter it. Cautiously, he opens his eyes in his mind. For the first time since the collapse, he allows himself to see his body inside the echoing space. He is naked, stick-thin and shorter than he should be. Oh. Oh, of course. His tongue is brine and his hair is seaweed. Droplets of seawater accompany his every step, his feet clearing away dust with their wet imprint, leaving a lonely trail behind him. He knows why he is here. To see the place that is no more. What should have been his guide to navigate the world without sinking, without drowning.
anything!”. He is shouting. Rosie stops crying, and fixes her big, blue, clever eyes on him, round as saucers. Mrs. Hudson looks more taken aback than anything else.
Sherlock watches from the safety of his armchair as Mrs. Hudson scoffs, clearly unimpressed by the effort.
John should have known. He should have seen the signs, diagnosed it himself if he had to. But he kept making excuses, kept holding on false beliefs when awake or just drunk that he could fix this. He
But he still sees John hurrying away from him, from them, shaking, curled in on himself, his fists clenched tight enough to be only bony knuckles, milky flesh. His left hand trembles.
Sherlock is tired. He is tired of the knot of mangled feelings beneath his breastbone. He’s lost in the labyrinth of it. What should he be feeling? Guilty? Ashamed? Angry? Forlorn? Bereft? Regurgitating the same old tattered memories, gnawing on the same old bones of pain has stopped helping, has lost its ability to jolt him to alertness like a fix.
Today was different. Maybe he had seen it before. Maybe that once. But it was still different. Sherlock hadn’t recoiled. Hadn’t flinched. Hadn’t stopped. Hadn’t pressured. He hadn’t been urgent or indifferent, bored or dismissing. Most importantly, Sherlock hadn’t sat and taken it. Hadn’t attempted to divert John’s anger at him as usual. He simply, knowingly, respectfully, strongly, strictly had been
Accretion: May be either natural or artifical. Natural accretion is the buildup of land, solely by the action of the forces of nature, on a beach by deposition of water-borne or airborne material. Artificial accretion is a similar buildup of land by reason of an act of man, such as the accretion formed by a groin, breakwater, or beach fill deposited by mechanical means.
“No” His face turned away, breaths panting. A wild animal. Constricted in his corner. Stepping away.
He had to stay away those nights. Scared of what he might do. His self-loathing on a high. Tricky to manage. Making him seek the last drop of the empty bottle in his hand. Had to stay at the hall or run to the pub. His half-finished bottles always disappeared the next morning but he didn’t have the energy to pay them any mind on his crazy hangovers. To ask where they’ve gone or who’s taking them. Maybe Mrs Hudson. But no, she wouldn’t meddle like that. Why would she? Why
“Of course. So, Harriet.” Sherlock inclines his head pointedly pushing the ‘t’ like a slap between his teeth, all business-like and serious. She scoffs her displeasure and John watches infinitely more pleased by the minute. “I suppose you have a less flimsy argument to present than the one you have given so far, hm?” His lips curl into an easy fake smile, making his eyes narrow into slits.
She slurps the syrup with a flat face but then grimaces when he offers her the second dose. He hadn’t thought of those memories for ages… There were always ones that he couldn’t decipher. He had been delirious after all.
It only takes John watching over Sherlock’s finally dreamless sleep, for him to close his eyes at the first light of dawn in bliss. And sleep.
No bubbles in the tub, no sign of any shampoo anywhere near Sherlock in fact. What could that mean? John’s mind is going frantic.
As if on cue, Honeybee sneezes, and curls closer to Mrs. Hudson with a whimper. Mrs. Hudson holds her closer, but when her eyes meet Sherlock’s, he can see alarm in them.
“May I…” He’s the one taking the step closer. The one asking for permission. Any or none. It will do. He needs only ask. To know his footing. To regain it. Prevent his knees from growing weak. “May I kiss you?”
Sherlock was stranded. Entirely. He had not been here before. Or rather. He had. A flash of memory woke in his mind.
There’s a soft gurgle beside him and he brings the baby monitor to his ear instead of raising the volume. A smile perks on his lips. Addiction needed to be satisfied is momentarily forgotten.
John looks at him for a long moment, his lips open in a soft ‘o’, as if he were about to say something and is not quite sure yet if he will. “Yeah”, he breathes. “Yes, of course. I will be telling you when I want something, and what it is I want, and if you want it too, then… Is that okay?”
“First of all thank you for… Giving me space. About therapy. I needed… I needed to settle with my decisions first before I told you about them and… Yeah, I’m ready to do that now”
He takes it all in at once, blinking slowly in the darkness of the gloomy morning. John, three boxes, two suitcases, Rosie. John.
“Oh, no. No, no, Sherlock.” John’s thoughts are rushing in before him. “It’s alright. All well.” He doesn’t want Sherlock to feel ashamed no matter what. Not with him. “All well, I promise.” He lets his hand ease into movement, sliding over Sherlock’s back. “Tell me how you feel?”
Sherlock’s head had been tilting to one side, his lips puffing out full in his blissful slumber, a specific tuft of ebony black straying over his temple. Beautiful.
She stretches a hand to Sherlock. John bites his lip, tries to ignore, to focus on his phone. He can’t unstrap her in the middle of the street. This is a residential area but even so… His heart is beating wild at the thought. The looks. The judgement. Her eyes. Her hurt. Her whines. All her signs that something is wrong. Asking him to change, to adapt, to help her. More. Too little. Too much. More. She needs more. She needs what he can’t give.
A strangled tiny noise breaks the silence and at first, John doesn’t know where it came from but it is soon followed by a fully blown out sneeze, and the way their little girl’s body shudders and spasms makes it apparent she is the source of it. John’s fingers open and he runs to them. He can’t bear to be away for longer. The bags are falling on the floor creating such commotion that Sherlock would jump to the ceiling if it wasn’t for the tender weight of Rosie on his chest.
Something tells him Sherlock would never do that to any doctor’s office or hospital. It’s a deduction John knows he should be able to justify but doesn’t. Not now. He must stay well away from triggering thoughts. Must remain calm. Must keep Rosie quiet as they wait, even if that’s the last thing he wants. The last thing she needs. Must appear a particular way, must think, must be kind, smile, show excitement to be here. Must. Must. Must.
Mrs. Hudson mumbles something like “Alright, dear”, and focuses on soothing Rosie, bouncing her carefully on her good hip.
“Mm?” Sherlock’s eyes widen, focusing on him again, then relax, appearing normal. “Um, yes, yes, I’m good.”
“You know…”, Harry chimes, so nonchalantly as if nothing has happened. “What child services would do if they were told a toddler is being brought up by a drug-addict and borderline alcoholic?” It is uttered so casually -with mirth, even. Concealing the danger, the threat, indicating the ease with which this could come to pass. As if it is already a plan being set in motion.
“I would, if you truly think it will help.” He speaks a while after and John tilts his head, smiling.
Both their heads snap to take in a very disgruntled Mrs. Hudson looking at them from the kitchen door, a hand on her hips, Honeybee's pink elephant danging from the other, her eyes wide with incredulity.
Yes, all John Watson wants to do is shout at himself, hit his face on the wall. Hard. To scream, inflict pain on his own body, make himself bleed so that he can finally be free of his mind.
“Okay.” His voice is small. He musters his courage to go on with a deep breath. “I thought-… I was angry. For many reasons I shouldn’t be. I didn’t want to be. I was angry at myself most of all. But I thought… I thought the worst was over. I thought the worst thing I could’ve done was cut you off brutally like that for months.” He ruminated, then with finality. “I had done so and I believed… I truly believed that was the worst of it. So I-I hoped.”
John doesn’t give a care for his shoulder when he bursts through the door, even when he belatedly realises it was unlocked and the force has sent him tumbling to the slippery floor tiles. His palm comes as a shield and he’s fallen, his breath -finally!- whizzing through him and his wrist exploding in a painful sound that doesn’t deter him from his fall.
“Sherlock…” It’s in sing-song. “Where’s your mind gone to, again?” John’s voice is thickly warm, honey-like.
She claps her hands. “You put a lot of effort into it, and it shows”, he continues softly. “Do you want to tell me what it is?”
“There, take a seat. Rosie can play around all she likes.” She glances back at Sherlock who stays blessedly silent, intent on his target -a cosy armchair with an elephant pillow ‘Damn, I forgot her own elephant outside’-, and smiles. “She can stay wherever she wishes, of course.”
“Sherlock is.” Who else could be? “I’ve been working shifts and attending anger management classes as of late.”
‘Nope, you sit down and let me coddle you a bit. A lot’ Sherlock walks in and gives a soft smile to Rosie who is getting quickly bored at the table, tongue out, blowing small raspberries to her elephant as if to tickle him but losing in intensity by the second.
He doesn’t want to try either. Not if Sherlock doesn’t follow. There couldn’t be a home without him.
Sherlock glances up in a mix of surprise and confusion. His gaze aimless, drifts around when he meets John’s.
Sherlock looks up, shrugs... and smiles back. John halts a moment. Just to witness such an act is a wonder.
“What? Yes, of course, I’m alright!” Sherlock protects, belatedly, but downs the glass anyway, putting it back on the table in a sharp movement.
There are tears in his eyes for a completely different reason now. He wants to share this. With him. With Sherlock. He wants to so much that it’s weighing him down. Even if the genius knew already. She’s going to be happy again in the afternoon, when she’ll have her elephant back. She’ll smile at him and next time he’ll explain her why he had to clean it. Next time she’ll know Papa is going to get it back again.
John emerges, more dishevelled than before, but with a Tupperware of Rosie’s food in one hand and her spoon in the other.
John shakes his head no. “It’s just that… She wasn’t babbling. She barely made a sound. She wouldn’t even
Sherlock leaves the carrier beside the baby bag. John tries to catch his gaze, but Sherlock keeps it well away until John understands that whatever he wants, well, he won’t get. Sherlock sits once John has walked over to Honeybee. He does not even know why he’s acting up. He’s most probably being irrational, pouty, passive-aggressive. Well, he doesn’t care.
Sherlock straightens and gestures to a seat opposite him as if nothing out of the ordinary has occurred. John takes it with a huff of a held back breath. This man will always - always! - surprise him.
But if only that was the case, well, Sherlock’s attributes had not shifted in the least. Ergo, it must be John’s stance that had. The mess they were both in, somehow, made John Watson feel responsible for him. Responsible as a doctor for his patient, a patient he had left maimed after surgery by procedure mistake.
Nope, fortunately they didn’t touch. That would be-… He longs for it, if he’s to be honest. But he can wait.
Queen. Little else would ever betray John Watson other than dear old Freddie. Throw Bowie into the mix with this song and you’re all set. The battle starts between the two contestants and John’s jaw clenches. It’s a cover of the original, cutting up the pauses between verses to match the competition’s time limit. Still, John’s body twitches with the need to shake and dance and even maybe –just maybe- sing to the rhythm he knows so well.
“Because it goes back and forth. Once we’ve reached a point of progress, it all… deteriorates… I don’t know if me caring matters, if me helping, being there for him changes anything.”
He takes his phone out of his pocket again, and this time does unlock it. Mechanically, he browses through an overflowing inbox. He had forgotten to deactivate the email address provided on the blog, of course this would happen sooner than later. There is a childish email thrown in there too, much like the one about Bluebell, so many years ago. He smiles, inevitably thinks of Rosie sleeping upstairs. His lips freeze, and numbly straighten, and then their edges point down, just so, like drooping flowers. Sherlock turns off his phone, movements slow as if he’s sleepwalking, and cradles his head in a palm. Then two. Then his spine is curled and his knees are up and he is shaking.
And now it can’t be desperation talking. Maybe it’s just the worried fear that she will start crying again that makes John insist Sherlock keep her. But even so… That means he trusts him to help. John trusts him at a time enough to make him bend.
A bullet to the heart and all crazy, loud, overwhelming honesty came rushing in. And John let it all happen, hadn’t he? As much as he tried to block it, blame Sherlock for it, everything found a way back. A way
“Dawaa.” She mumbled, and Sherlock conceded, and John watched his smooth eyebrows, scarce as they were, softening along with her smile.
John is smiling when he comes to sit beside Sherlock on the floor. The man stops talking, instead his face is taking a deep flush of red and he keeps looking away. The water reaches to Rosie’s belly button as she is sitting down in the tub. Her eyes are fixed to the small pirate ship Sherlock holds in one hand and the duck that is floating like a buoy in front of her, as she gathers bubbles around them. Her lower lip trembles, missing the steady countenance of Sherlock’s voice, but John reaches to brush her little arm in reassurance.
John actually stops and considers, a hand on one hip, the weight of his body on the same leg, tilting to the side.
He has not slept peacefully in a long while. It is a sensation he had thought he would not experience again, and it is elusive enough that he was even missing it vaguely, unable to pin it down. And yet, it feels like only yesterday.
His chest swells, and then caves in, and he hides his face in his hands. “I don’t want anything, okay? I just… I just
He hears a long-suffering sigh from the other end. He knows she’s trying to make him ask, be curious of what she thinks. He knows the trick. He won’t fall to her trap.
This is their home. Honeybee’s home. John’s home -even if only temporarily. And Sherlock has sworn to make it a safe haven, a nest of stability, where they can heal, free from harm. Harriet is as out of place in 221B as a hawk among sparrows.
Sherlock hums. “Where’s the catch?”, he pouts, nose crinkling in that way John would otherwise find adorable.
“You know... Rosie is okay. Finally, I believe she’s beginning to be more than okay.” He pauses to see if he caught Sherlock’s attention again and continues. “And even if there was something wrong, we would always love her, wouldn’t we? We would make sure she had all the support and love she needed. Mm?”
“Good. Now, if our little girl is feeling up to it, I have some games I would like her to play with me before you go.” Chloe leans forward with her warm smile and Rosie, having sensed both John’s and Sherlock’s relaxed moods, gives her a tiny smile back.
“Sherl- um… Yeah, it… You’re doing the thing again” John’s voice is undefined and wrong, as if Sherlock’s head was underwater.
He grunted in empty space. A palm up his face, sliding. ‘Useless.’ He didn’t know what else to do or say to make it clear that this wasn’t redemption, this wasn’t- he wasn’t so pathetic. He had a basic moral code. ‘Damn it.’
His hair moves with the wind, tufts slapping his face. The fire falls with him. Follows. All to one goal. All to one point in space.
They’re both breathing hard. John gather his hands in his lap, and Sherlock is not sure what to do with his. They’re tingling with regret, and he’s tired, and for a moment he wishes he could just rip them off.
His fingers press and push. The door slides an inch -two- ajar. John pokes his head in from the small opening, blinking, adjusting to the dim light.
“It’s just…. Important. To me. I…”. His throat constricts, and his voice gets strangled to a whine before he can continue. “I want. You. To be well”
Sherlock pauses, tries to calm the mess that has become of his mind. It is not the first time that someone has told him he did not deserve all he’s been through. John was the first, two nights ago. But this is the first time he hears this in relation to
Rosie’s big smile when he raises her over his head and flies her around the room for good morning gives John another cherished moment to be grateful for. This time, he takes it in, no regrets, no hesitation. The past few days have brought a change in him he couldn’t anticipate. It is a burden lifted from his chest. Confession by confession. Word by word. He knows now what made him hesitant to be grateful before. What made him seek for more. It’s not that he merely wanted more. It’s not that he was greedy. It was only an honest wish to be honest. To be carved open. Even if Sherlock decides to not want anything more than what they have in the end, John will be grateful for it. He will be happy. As he already is now. Content.
“I’ve got to ask, are you sure this is going to work?” He brushes a hand over his head at John’s shell-shocked expression.
He feels guilty for treating Harry the way he did. After all… Her fear he could understand. Perhaps it was a, strictly speaking, irrational fear, given her brother’s character. Or rather, it was a fear cultivated from outside as well as from inside. But that did not make it any less palpable, or valid. On the contrary; it would never be only her fault for being poised to find adversaries at every turn. Even in her own family. For this he regrets hurting her further.
John has been quite possibly flirting for the whole day. It’s also possible some of his absolutely besotted attitude has been noticed and taken into consideration. He’s giggly and smirking every chance he gets. He’s humming, tapping eager fingers onto surfaces and objects. He’s been touching and touching and touching. When Sherlock threw out a small comment about their room temperature, John had fussed and huffed and did everything he could to fix it and checked Sherlock’s temperature again and again without any logical reason, just to coddle him and be sure and make excuses to make him more tea and even went as far to suggest a heating pad or compress for Sherlock’s toes and fingers one time.
“I’m going to work.” He blurted out and, grabbing his bag and phone, tumbled down the seventeen steps with his ears drumming, flooded with the blood he wanted to spill out of himself.
He can see him now. A faint darker shadow, curls highlighted by a thread of light escaping between the curtains behind him. John offers a glass and Sherlock takes it, eyes more used to the dark than John’s. He keeps a nightlight in his room upstairs for Rosie and has the heavier curtains always drawn open, not to mention Sherlock’s some years younger advantage and constant training to spot everything he ever needed in the dark.
Why? His scarlet for the red, and then maybe the red would be red no more, but sky, sky, and there’d be nothing more, a window, a way out, call, why a call, why that voice, that voice on the end of the bloody line-
In the real world, there is nothing he has the right to take, because there is nothing he can keep. It would only slip through his fingers like a handful of sand.
There’s a stumble and he loses his footing. Falters. The eyes are looking at him now. Again. Questioning but understanding at the same time. John falls. Body surges forward. He falls and he pushes and scrambles for purchase. Fingers flexing over the edge. Cement edge of a building. No. Not
John can see it written in Sherlock’s eyes as he turns to check on him. There’s a hidden smile there too. A smile John wants to return and treasure forever. They nod to each other simultaneously.
“I want to be in your life”, Harry was saying. “In Rosie’s life. I want us to be a family, Johnny. A
John said he had lost himself. In his regret, his pain, his anger. That he had never wanted them to become what they had become either. That he had never wanted to harm him. To leave him. He saw Sherlock as someone who deserved better, as someone to care about so much that he’d sink with him. He
“Oh, come on. ‘The poor junkie, needing to be nursed back to health. Must have been such a sad sight. Maybe I should do more’”, he scorns.
He winces. It’s raining. The fire remains. The teriffying feeling of helplessness. He punches the brick wall. Drags his knuckles over it. Scratches with blund nails. When he reaches the next road, his fingers are stained red. He looks down.
He is not denying John’s actions. He’s acknowledging them. Knowing them to be true. Yes, Sherlock was hurt. He was hurt then -physically- and now -emotionally- by John’s fists then and by John’s words now. There was a choice to make. Both times. And Sherlock has made it. Offering forgiveness. For now. John might believe he does not deserve it, not even once, let alone twice, but it’s Sherlock’s choice…
He fiddles with the options he has, running through the contact list on his phone. His thumb hovers over two names. One, he hates asking for favours. To hear that voice, coated with sarcasm like the heavily syrupy cakes it’s is so fond of… The other choice, the other name… The one he has let down too many times to count -despite the multiple slaps. He twists his phone between thumb and index, hesitates. Puts it aside. Whatever he does, he’ll have to do alone. Honeybee stirs into his lap and turns to look at him again.
Lying there, with a swarm of IVs latched on his arms like flies, his head dense as a swamp, Sherlock would wonder if John watched the news too. If he thought of him. And if he did, which version of him was he seeing. He would wonder why John did not come to see him -just like no one else did, until he was released in January. And he would wonder why still he caught himself hoping that the next time the door opened it wouldn’t be more derisive, faceless personnel. That this, time, just this once, it would be John… He was as hopeless as an abandoned dog waiting for his human behind the door. Because his human was his life and purpose. Because his human wouldn’t leave him.
The full-bellied clouds above his head release their rain. His chest feels tight, his lungs stiff, and swollen like balloons. He is trapped in his body, his mind. They can only offer him the same knowledge, the same input, time after time, when he’s stuck in a loop and all he needs is to see himself from outside, from above, from somewhere else.
“John, I have Hudders, Rosie, you. I’m quite alright” Why would he expect them to call? Molly is angry, Mycroft is Mycroft, Greg is… He does not know if Greg is angry, but he can understand that, to him, he was just useful.
Both. He hadn’t done it. He hadn’t jumped. John hadn’t. He’ll never know how falling is like. That’s why he knows when it’s fake. A dream. A nightmare. But he hasn’t known before. He never knows when he’s dreaming. Not until now.
He hears her tutting and mumbling as she helps herself to a cup of tea, from what little is left from his and John’s breakfast. When Mrs. Hudson returns to the sitting room, Honeybee stands up in her baby park and leans against its safety net, whining rather insistently. She has not yet overcome her temporary separation from her stuffed pink elephant, and was busy brooding over her cloth blocks, destroying the little towers she made more fiercely than usual.
feel better. In any way I can. I don’t care if you don’t want to tell me what it is. It’s alright. I mean, what matters is, well, we’ll… We’ll fix it. Just… That. You’re… You’re my…” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, and his breath crowded into his mouth. “My friend”, John said, his voice a little squeezed out. He swallowed, nodded. “My friend” he said again. And this time it was strong. Definite.
“Since when do I have more manners than you?”, he teases, looking up from his laptop. Especially now, a distraction from his unnervingly fruitless research is most welcome.
He barks the address. They get on. The road quiet. Cabbie doesn’t ask questions. He kicks the boxes around the pavement later, frown at the fullness of them with his daughter’s cribs and cradle, baby-table and toys. He has no idea how he’ll manage to get them up. If he’ll be allowed to stay. It’s just after 6am. He has no idea if Sherlock’s waiting. Or even if he’s awake. Or if he remembers. Withdrawal can’t be good for sleep. John knows. He hasn’t slept more than two hours himself, despite the whiskey.
He ignores the so real, so tender voice in his head and rushes to kneel by his Honeybee, taking her tiny palms in his. That’s it! She is it! Her speech! Her fricatives, vowels, obstruents, approximants. The pattern to her syllables, their frequency, transitional probability!
Hot water is being poured in mugs. John gathers himself, watching his face in the mirror. Their silent listening session is done. He finds he looks good, despite the mood. Presentable. He reaches for the hair product but stops midway. Cackles appear inside his head, slurs forming, memories surfacing. Not a good day today. ‘Got it.’ He ruffles his hair with shaky fingers and goes out to the kitchen.
He shifts her weight to his other hip and lowers her to the carpet. He fetches her toys and stuffed animals from the baby park, and she happily begins to play with her colorful cloth blocks –the ones that have numbers, letters, and cartoon animal faces on their sides. Sherlock sits beside her. Honeybee stacks three blocks, one on top of the other – a little messily- and tries to place another one above them. The small tower topples over. He praises her on her effort, asks her how many she would like to stack, if she is perhaps trying to match them by color. She babbles to him, explaining, points to the numbers and animals she wants in her new tower. Still she doesn’t speak. Not a word.
John pauses, contemplates while he chews on the inside of his cheek. With a sniff of his button nose, he nods.
Out. Out of his fucking damaged seflish prick of a brain. Somehow, he can be better, can’t he? Everyone can. Why not him?
Sherlock pours water into the mugs, lets the teabags steep. Adds milk and some sugar to John’s, keeps his plain. He places the mugs on the kitchen table and takes a seat, blowing on his tea to cool it.
Sherlock shakes his head, firm; more in control. John raises a hand to Sherlock’s forehead, suspicious. Sherlock flinches away.
There is another thud, sharper than the last; a punch. And another. And another. A rapid series of them that ends in a crescendo.
“Make sure you eat half of that until we come to join you, please?” His cheeks are hurting. He’s beaming. He wants to burst to laughter. His heart is filling. Sherlock is looking. Wide eyed. John smirks. “Be right back. Promise.”
Everything! He had wanted to break through the roof, tear down the walls, his own ribcage open with the knowledge John’s words gave him. Maybe he still does.
“It’s just… I’ve been reading on it and childhood trauma… it can be anything, any small detail someone wouldn’t notice, and it might never go away…”
“Ah…” Sherlock’s brows knit together in an attempt to jog his memory, then flops on the sofa cushions, wrapping his dressing gown tight around his waist.
Honeybee waves the spoon with the last mouthful towards John and he pretends to eat a little before he takes the spoon gently and makes aeroplane noises to entice her into enjoying the last bite herself.
Sherlock catches him looking like that, utterly lovestruck, and gives a tender little smile, even kind of apologetic. John notes to correct that.
The moment of clarity passes and John breathes, reining it all in, keeping the guilt inside once more, saving it for later where he could ruminate at peace, resolve it in his seminar today afternoon. Now it is time for joy, even if he is feeling quite sappy at the same time. He raises his thumbs and types, slow and careful, auto-correct and word-suggestion set to “ON” of course.
Today… he didn’t bother with proprieties. With what’s allowed. What’s expected. He doesn’t know about tomorrow, but today… He’s been free.
His lips are over her soft curls at once, grateful to have her, wanting to show her all the love he has taken away from everyone else in his life that always deserved it. Sherlock included.
“Just let me know if you want me to find it. Alright?” He waited for Sherlock’s numb nod of affirmation before eating some more -if not without visible effort. Sherlock tried not to wince. ‘What am I doing?’
“Aren’t you being too treacherous for your age?” John tried to smile at her, making another attempt at tempting her with a spoonful of her fruit crème.
John’s face relaxes, like clouds travelling away. He loosens the knot of the scarf he is wearing around his neck, checkered brown and orange and yellow, like the forest floor in autumn. Sherlock can only look as John pulls it off and measures it out in front of him, so that it is folded in half. Then he takes a step closer.
“A leaf. In your hair” John smiles, Sherlock is not sure what for. “Must have stuck when… Oh well. Don’t move. Here. Let me”
An arm-lock, a hit, a wrist. Fingers opening, John throwing Sherlock backwards. The sound of the surgical instrument falling, hitting the floor, clinging. Once, twice. A bang of a spine against metal. ‘Stop it.’ Again. ‘Stop it now!’ Thrice. Done. Rested on the ground. Shining. Lifeless. Dangerous. Gleaming.
Thank you for reading! Subscriptions, bookmarks, comments, kudos, they are all much appreciated! They keep us going, and #feed_our_plot_piranhas XD
Doctor Chloe types for two clicks on her laptop and then joins them in an armchair opposite. ‘Familiar enough.’ Her fingers coil over her torso as she looks them over once. John can see Sherlock through the corner of his eyes, giving their slowly emerging budding flower the elephant pillow -so much like her little plushie- to hold close.
“I’m sure she’ll be okay. We can also run some basic check-ups if the doctor suggests we need to.” He gives a reassuring smile but it does nothing to persuade Sherlock apparently, because now he’s biting at his pads.
“And I believe she is right. Cumulatively -from her experience, the tests, and Rosie’s background- it is overwhelmingly the most probable case that like many children her age, Rosie merely needs more time”
It seemed a lifetime ago. Long, lean phalanges cupping over small palms, preventing her from typing nonsense on his laptop. John was surprised he could pinpoint such a detail, considering he’d been in constant hangover back then. Or was it after he… in any case, he had been in his first withdrawal then, whole body itching, he could barely remember what he had said to Ella that week -probably some bullshit of being able to do this alone- but that single detail… Sherlock and his little girl together… Was carved in his mind.
