He hears them before he sees them. From his position on the ground his sight is near useless but the heavy hum, the patter of high frequency artillery raining down from up above; the sound of salvation.
John closes the draw. He doesn't throw anything out. He shaves his mustache and ignores his girlfriend's forced jokes.
‘You know he’s a very attractive man Mycroft’ he represses a blush while inclining his head to her, he would not take the liberty of confirming her impression although he does make a mental note to be more careful with which emotions he allows to play across his face. He’s become worse at maintaining the facade in recent months and if he fails to correct the defect it will undoubtedly have a negative impact on his work.
‘No I’m not, but I will be busy,’ she seems even more puzzled by his declaration and when he accompanies it a few seconds later by handing her a manila folder  she clasps it gently,  ‘Open it’ .
They were drawing up to the car park now; one of the agents was navigating placing Mina in her car seat under the watchful gaze of Mrs Hudson. John could see the tail end of his scarf where it spilled over the edge of her car seat. She really was a deep sleeper.
I wanted you, I still do, but you're never going to be mine are you? I could survive all of this. I could fight through hell to save your life and you would still reject me.I could strip myself naked and parade around you like a porn star and you would think me deranged.
INVESTIGATED DRUG SMUGGLING RING. WAS CAUGHT. UNPLEASANT. ESCAPED. 'HEAL THY SELF'. BOUGHT A NEW GUN. TOOK REVENGE. GOT TESTED AT LOCAL  HOMELESS MEDICAL SERVICE. PROVIDED WITH HIGH GRADE PAINKILLERS, I SAVED THESE RATHER THAN CONSUME THEM. BOUGHT COCAINE. DID NOT CONSUME IT. FLUSHED IT. MISS LONDON AND JOHN.
They go to bed still dressed in their underwear and still holding hands. John’s last thought before he drops into sleep is he hopes Sherlock doesn’t regret this in the morning.
“Alright, this might be a little awkward but I don’t really know anyone else that talking about this subject with would be alright with so just bear with me okay?” Greg said.
He was a beautiful man John and I was very new to the feelings of attraction I experienced in those first few months of our acquaintance.  I don’t know why I believe it important for you to know this perhaps it is so you will understand my disquiet at the idea of having to engage in sexual intercourse with this woman.
DUBLIN.
“We need air support!”
‘John,’ there’s a small pause and John wonders if this is going to be one of those long phone conversations where someone tells him he’s a nutter, maybe Mycroft will doubt his abilities to care for Mina, try to take her away, his hand tightens around his gun in response to the thought, ‘Captain Watson, I need you to tell me if Mina is alright?’ John pauses again, but he can answer these questions it’s no different from the army really,
John rubbed his eyes. "What woke you?" He asked.
Hold up your side. Please.
He stops in the centre of the city on his way home six hours later. He spends a truly ridiculous amount of money and goes back to Baker Street wondering if he's about to make a fool of himself.
They make it home in one piece which is no small miracle considering John’s state of inebriation and Sherlock’s refusal to sit next to him in the cab. He instead chooses to sit across from John with his elbows resting on his knees as he engages John in one of their impromptu staring contests that John was starting to consider more moments of intense sexual tension where he restrains himself from pouncing on the quaffed man he cannot stop dreaming about.
‘I’ve not seen any crowns I’m afraid, which one do you need?’
The car pulls to a stop outside a small boutique shop not far from Baker Street, John’s walked past it so many times but he’d never paid attention to the displays before.  He looks now, the front window holds what looks to be a DNA structure formed out of Lego it’s fascinating, there seems to be slight mistakes in the production but considering the building materials it’s frankly brilliant.
They part under the portico, clasping hands and promising to be in contact tomorrow to organise something more with the family before Mina’s Grandparents return to Yorkshire.  As John climbs into the car he feels a rush of relief. The evening has been a mixed bag emotionally and he’s eager to be home. His regular reports had petered off about an hour ago but he’d checked with Anthea before leaving and she’d informed him everyone at Baker Street was now asleep.  He honestly couldn’t wait to join them.
Radio silence continues. Greg can feel a small needle of panic run through him as he moves towards Franklin’s entrance; he’s breaking into a run when the radio silence ends.
But there's some symmetry that made the writer very happy!
They waited in silence while John stroked Mina’s back; her breath evening out as she lost her struggle with consciousness.
His mind won’t slow down, neither will his legs, he’s running at the ambulance he can see their trying to load the arrested man in, he’s fighting them, he should have lost too much blood to fight that hard, he’s trying to ram his shoulders into the ambulance crew. Greg can stop him, can put him down like the scum he is. take him down like he took down Summers and Sammy. He’s pulling his gun up; he locks eyes with the man for seconds before he’s hit by a wall of flesh, he’s being spun around, thick arms restraining him. A voice he recognises is right by his ear, speaking quietly but urgently.
COCAINE.
Mina moved to grab the treat from Mrs Hudson’s outstretched hand. Thick sugar crystals fell like snowflakes from the pastry into Greg’s hair as their little group took another turn around the market which filled the final part of Kew Garden’s Winter Wonderland trail. John refused to fret over the amount of processed sugar his daughter had ingested over the day. He winced in sympathy when her sticky hands descended into Greg’s hair to pull it sharply.
They are test driving the product here in Germany which means Moran himself should be here soon.
‘Understood Mrs Hudson, but please do not worry, I am only concerned for John’s wellbeing, if he requires more help I would like to be able to provide it. He is disrupting his life to do something wonderful for my family; I do not want him to struggle under a pressure which most likely should not be his.’  His parents have started applying more pressure to meet their granddaughter, he understands the need but he has been holding them off for John’s sake, he had never been introduced while Sherlock was alive, the relationship between he and his mother had never recovered after the incident in Sherlock’s early twenties, they were civil but not close, Sherlock and his father however, they had always been close, his mother may be pushing to meet Mina but for his father it was all about John. In his weekly phone conversations with Sherlock John had apparently become rather a constant feature, Siger was eager to meet the man Sherlock thought of so highly. Young children had never been his speciality but once they had been old enough to communicate their father had been a constant source of adventures.
“Dada”  and there it was, he watched Mycroft’s face dissolve into shock as he dragged his finger across the screen to have it play again, which it did, Siger was wearing a grin the likes of which John wouldn’t have imagined a Holmes could make,  Mycroft moves to play the moment again but John raises his hand to stop him,
Lonely enough that when three weeks ago Tammy had popped over to drop something off he’d ordered from the store and discovered she’d never seen any of the James Bond series he’d invited her to stay and watch the rest of the movie he’d been watching. The rest of the movie turned into a three movie marathon, Indian food and Tammy falling asleep flopped on the sofa, she’d woken up disorientated at four in the morning and wandered into John’s room thinking in her sleep fuelled haze that it was her room; the resulting shouts of shock from both Tammy and John had woken Mina and led to a rather awkward conversation with Mrs Hudson in the morning when she gave him a pointed look and told him he should keep it down in future.
Bending to collect her he moved to the kitchen, ‘Let’s get to work my little dove.’
Mycroft observed through the two way mirror as his agents secured Abram Mitrović’s restraints to the floor with a bulky metal chain, never releasing his arms; the man had a rich history of violence towards law enforcement. The man, also known by his code name ‘Mr Red’, was showing the marks of Anthea’s attention across the portions of his skin visible to Mycroft’s gaze. The woman herself entered the small observation room attached to the room Mitrović was being set up in.
Single father; two children both remained in Serbia when he left. Russian mother, Serbian father, he works jobs in Russia but never Serbia, homes in both countries.
Tammy stood and stretched her arms above her head, ‘You’re coming in tomorrow morning right?’
The phone starts vibrating next to him, Mycroft’s name blazing on the illuminated screen, John thinks he might develop a complex if the man continues with his omnipotence,
‘Mycroft, you don’t happen to know any good divorce lawyers do you?’ Mycroft’s answering laugh is hard; Greg feels it shaking him as the younger man embraces him once again. Running his hands through the auburn hair of the man in front of him Greg decides to stay in his little bubble a while longer, he never wants to take these feelings for granted.
‘Hi Terry, the usual morning routine for me but Sally wanted some fancy excuse for a Latte, don’t remember half of it but there was something about half fat?’ The barista laughs at him while making the order, looking around Greg is reminded of the other reason he loves it here, the warm dark wood interior his highlighted by rich reds and dark greens, it’d been the perfect place to meet Mycroft on a number of occasions, close enough to work to be workable for a lunch but quiet enough to discuss whatever they’d needed to in private, it’d started out as conversations about Sherlock, more like reports than a lunch between friends, but after three years they’d become close enough for conversations to revolve around their lives, or lack thereof, rather than the man who’d been the world’s only consulting detective.
He notes Mycroft scanning his face, his movements with those deeply coloured eyes and makes a conscious effort not to hide any of his feelings, allowing the man to deduce everything he wants to do to him in this moment, he’s at war with himself, wanting more than anything to simply say, fuck it and pull Mycroft over him, feel the heavy press of the man’s body on top of him, experience the biting kisses as well as the soft, give himself over to the fantasies he’s been repressing for years. But they’re both currently fuelled by guilt, grief and lust, he worries moving forward now would be something they’d come to regret later and he doesn’t want that. Greg knows he’s been holding himself back for years and if Mycroft’s words are true it’s been much the same for him, he’s been patient and he’ll be able to continue for as long as he needs to for this to be right. He chooses to stay on his knees but brings both his hands to hold Mycroft’s, it’s still a comfort but less inherently sexual.
‘Mrs Hudson this is a surprise, did you just come in to say hello?’
NO HOSPITAL.
‘Of course, they wouldn’t allow that anyway but they’ll be on a heightened alert while you’re away from home. John I’m going to leave you to rest, or if that proves impossible, a restful morning. I shall see you at seven; a car will arrive to collect you. The code for today is ‘Orchid’ my father’s idea I assure you.’  John chuckles lightly, Mycroft’s tone has dipped into one he’s all too familiar with, it’s similar to the one Sherlock would use when discussing Mycroft’s involvement in cases.
“No, John, it wasn’t”
The other members of the room fell silent; Mrs. Hudson and Greg looking at him while Mycroft was doing anything but.
“John, dear, wouldn’t you rather sit down? All that pacing looks to be riling you up?” Mrs. Hudson asked from her perch in front of Mycroft’s desk.
“Sherlock gave me step by step instructions for if Mycroft ever kidnapped me…again,” John answered simply. The pair of them had sat on the carpet in 221b’s living room, Chinese food boxes and the schematics for Mycroft’s myriad of vehicles scattered around them with Sherlock pointing out all the most common places for handgun concealment as well as a few ideas on how to befuddle his captors. It had taken him three months to convince Sherlock sewing cyanide tablets into their coat collars was too far; John should never have let him watch those spy films.
‘I do, everyday, it hasn’t been long enough for me to not think about him every day and now, just looking at this little angel, I don’t know if I ever will.’ He pulls the little girl closer, she smells sweet and a little like fabric softener.
‘Yeah the lad managed to get you both out of there in one piece, although I must say I reckon Amanda got a great shot of you slung over his shoulder, whole team have been admiring your arse Watson.’ It’s John’s turn to laugh, he swings his legs to the side of the bed, sitting up in front of his mate he reaches out as if to slap the other mans shoulder, but his hand goes straight through, there’s a continuation of the noise now, it’s getting louder, more insistent, that mobile phone which had fallen to the back of his mind, he’s standing now, the beds in the room have gone and the mobile continues getting louder.
Greg grunts in response, his eyes having already closed and he felt the slow drift of exhaustion wash over his consciousness. Falling asleep fully dressed and above the cover was hardly ideal but Greg couldn’t be more ready for this entire week to be over and done with.
“Silly.”
They stand like that with John encircling Sherlock with his arms and refusing to let go for a long time. Long enough for Sherlock’s posture to change from one of defensive rigidity to accepting softness, long enough in effect for Sherlock to give in and wrap his arms around John too.
Do I believe that some people deserve to die? Yes, whole heatedly, do I believe it is my right to carry out their judgement and execution? That I am not sure of. I would do anything to protect you John. To protect the people I love. I would go against every fiber of my own morality to know you are safe.
The Daily Express has learnt the team was headed by none other than Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, of notoriety for his friendship with the fraudulent super sleuth Sherlock Holmes. The Detective Inspector was seen entering New Scotland Yard early Friday evening. Speculation is rife in the offices over the chance this latest slip up for the DI will mark the end of his career. Our sources tell us numerous officers, within his own team, are calling for his resignation.
“We’ll bring you down with love too, just like Sherlock; except for you we have more bullets. Count them with me won’t you?” Mitrović raised his hands as If in surrender. He counted off with his fingers, curling inwards as he said the names. “John Watson and Louise Hudson, for your brother naturally.” Mitrović curled two fingers. “Siger and Violet Holmes, much closer to Mummy and Daddy aren’t you? I wonder why that is.” Two more fingers. “Gregory Lestrade, oh you were naughty with the married police man weren’t you Mr Holmes.” Another finger, one closed fist., The prisoner waggled the ones remaining, mocking him. “Agent Annette Fairchild, also known as Anthea, although that bitch has earned a place on my list regardless.” Mitrović stretched his jaw, drawing Mycroft’s eye to the purpling bruise running along its edge. The man brought another finger down.
“You’re sure?”
“The question is where to begin.”
‘I have been a doctor for a good while now as I’m sure your notes say, when I’ve worked in the clinic a lot of my patients have been children.’
‘John’
He nods his head slightly and suddenly he’s moving, two members of the team are moving him towards the exit, he feels the hit of cold air on his face, smells the scent of cigarettes from where the hospital visitors sneak them next to the doors, then all he can feel and smell is leather, he’s in a car and it’s warmer here, he’s not sure if he blacks out or just can’t recall how he got there but he’s suddenly in a room. A woman he thinks he vaguely recognises is pushing him towards a large bed. The bed looks soft, God he wants to sleep, there’s so much he needs to do though, the woman is soothing him now, making him lie down, she’s untying his shoes and stroking his hair, he realises then that it’s her eyes he recognises. She’s elderly, looks to be in at least her seventies, but she’s strong and he feels boneless when she pushes him to lie against the pillows, he’s never known anything as soft as these pillows, they smell of cotton, fabric softener and something he can’t identify. It’s a lovely smell though, rich and woody, he rolls his face into it so he can smell it all the clearer. The woman comes back holding a glass pitcher of water, she pours him a glass and watches him inhale it before pouring him another and placing it and two small white pills in his hands,
‘I’ll think about it, thank you, for everything I think we’ll be set up for a while now,’ he tries his most charming smile but thinks he might just look tiered, he certainly feels it.
He placed a hand lightly on her shoulder before striding through the door connecting the observation booth and Mitrović’s feral glare.
Denise froze upon her entrance of the dining room Greg watched her scan the table top before dropping into the chair he had pulled out from the table for her earlier. He looked her over checking for signs of the level of alcohol she had consumed and realised that although she looked disgusting she wasn’t drunk; tipsy, perhaps, but nothing that would impede her judgement.
‘Sir that’s not wise,’
‘Call me Holly’
“Because, Mr Holmes, the end of this story isn’t your brother, oh no, it’s you. We see you now, No longer the ice-man are you?” Mitrović mocked.
Ordinary in appearance and mundane in the image she presents to the public but she is in fact extraordinary or perhaps I should say she comes from an extraordinary family.
“How in the hell did you know where that was, John?” Greg asked.
He was curled on the floor now, his head resting against his raised knees, he could sense the other two close by but he didn't have the energy to raise his head, he felt like the worst of his grief was repeating itself, the numbness seeping back into his body through his toes first, ‘What are we going to do?’ he asked the room at large, his voice soft but certain, he bought his shaking undercontrol.He needed his strength now,
Breakfast came next; Mina sat in her high chair paying John not one jot of attention, after being presented with the new book her Uncle Mycroft had left in the car for John to find before his return journey; the story centred on the adventures of four flower fairies; here had been a distinct winter theme when John had skimmed through the pages. John wasn’t overly informed on the topic of fairies. He remembered some the oddly muddled mutterings of his mother’s aunt on the topic but it amounted to nothing clear; however the images throughout the book were beautiful and as Mina was too young to read the fine text the illustrations were the only draw for her. She proceeded to squeal unhappily at him when he removed the book in favour of a plate of toast and scrambled eggs. He could sense a mess in the making when her first action was to run her hand over the buttered top of the bread. There was nothing for it other than to sigh lightly and ensure they had clean napkins on the table. He’d never known the true use for the pieces of material before trying to feed a fussy child.
Code Zero.
The second year the gift is better wrapped and John is at least aware of the month. He raises a single eyebrow at the detective but still accepts it on his way out the door.
Mycroft tried not to cringe at his mother addressing his team of highly trained agents as ‘your girls’ he had tried explaining on numerous occasions that the women formed part of his governmental workforce but his mother maintained the opinion that they were hers to order at will. Anthea in particular had developed a grin and bear it attitude to interactions with his mother. Not to mention that the truth was he had left Gregory’s care to his staff until his mother had brow beaten him into submission, she had witnessed him carrying the Detective into the house after the man had passed out in the car, seen him place the man on the sofa and check him for injuries, she had seen his panicked pacing when his security team had informed him Gregory was refusing treatment at the hospital, (and unknown to him she had also come across him dozing lightly on the bed next to the silver haired man, laying on his side one arm laying across the top of the pillow holding Gregory’s head and the other thrown across his companion) Mycroft had woken to find his hand resting over the man’s heart its steady rhythm having lulled him to a dreamless sleep, when he walked into the hall, slightly chagrined to have slept next to the man he harboured a seemingly unending devotion for without his knowledge he had found his mother waiting.
‘Do you know what your first word was John?’ Siger poses the question, both the Holmes men seemed to have followed his example with allowing themselves more comfort, Mycroft’s risen to fix them what looks like glasses of whiskey, a known weakness of John’s,
Mrs Hudson has the patience of a saint, this was well documented and evidenced through years of loyal friendship to the worlds only consulting detective but she wasn’t very good at following instructions, John had known this, so he’d left her a list, a typed list, with specific times for each activity, there was no way Mina should be asleep by now, drinking her milk normally took thirty minutes, she liked to cuddle in his chair while he sang to her, then when she was starting to drift off he carried her upstairs and they read Peter Pan while rocking for a good forty minutes, he’d left just after bath time, snuck out in the middle when Mina had been distracted enough by the bubbles only to frown at him being absent,
"Alright, why are you still up though? Why not come back to bed?" John wanted to ask why he would not come and search John out as they had agreed but this was not the moment for that conversation.
He looks around and everyone is crying, his team is crying, those that are still on the scene, the majority are gone, ambulances have left, civilians have left, the criminals have left, he hears the ambulance they’ve secured the man with the knife in leave from behind him, Devin releases his hold on Greg. He feels like his knees might give out but he needs to know everyone is alright. It’s his job, they’re his team and right now they need him.
‘It’s alright so far, Mycroft’s home is lovely, as you’d expect really, ostentatious definitely. I’m just walking in the gardens right now and I swear Mrs Hudson you’ve never seen such well maintained flower beds,’
Mycroft’s brain roared Moriarty’s name. His entire team had spent years trying to collate this amount of data about the crime lord’s upbringing, anything to find the weaknesses that would bring them onto the same level of play.
‘Your parents, did they say when they wanted to visit? There isn’t enough room for them to stay here unfortunately.’
‘Did she have one before; no one seems to know the answer to that. My friend Greg he’s one of the officers for operation Poppy or whatever it is,  he said none of the people they got out were talking. No one knew her, but look at her, someone must know her, the other children, there were others, are they ok?’
“Genius criminal,” Greg muttered.
‘Yeah everyone’s been checking in, everyone is ok, just well you know, it’s pretty shit.’
‘My name is John, this is my daughter Mina and I was hoping to find some toys, I really want those big Lego bricks but the store we went into seemed determined little girls only needed ones in Pink and Purple and those sets to build beauty salons and things.’ The noise of disgust seems to come from behind a tower of books, ‘where exactly are you?’
“John you’re bargaining,” Mrs. Hudson said softly trying to reach out and comfort him. “Suicide never makes sense darling.”
“Mycroft, are you telling me there’s anything you wouldn’t do to bring her home.”
VODKA
‘Come in, come in. The flat is just upstairs can I help you with her?’
‘It’s ok baby girl,’ he lifts her into his arms so she can cling to his jumper, this has become their routine, he lifts her out and sits rocking on the wooden chair Mrs Hudson had insisted he buy, on the occasions she shakes when he holds her he drapes the royal blue throw over their bodies, she calms eventually, always with her face pressed into his neck and her hands gripping tightly to the weave of whatever jumper or top he’s wearing.  He rocks back and forth murmuring soothing sounds and reassurances for as long as she needs.
‘He says he’ll be here in ten, do you want a coffee?’
“You think I’m not interesting?”
Tonight I am going to kill a man. You said once that one of the most important parts of owning a gun was that you trusted yourself to know when to shoot and when not to. I do not believe that I ever took the lesson you were teaching me in that moment to heart John.
John met Greg’s eyes over his desk and considered how thoroughly he wanted to punch his onetime friend. He had been dragged out of the surgery for this, some illusion created by a criminal or some prank played by a vindictive officer. It could not be real, it was cruel and the fact Greg seemed so determined to go along with it offered John no comfort. Greg had been drowning in guilt, the dark rings under his eyes, tobacco stains on his fingers and the general manic energy that comes from too much coffee and not enough sleep made it oh so obvious. He wondered if Greg was haunted by Sherlock too, whether the image of his flatmate flashed behind his eyes when he closed them at night. The nightmares had returned in full force and he knew he was slowly sinking back into the depression his life post war had consisted of. But it was like that, like coming back from war, being without Sherlock, being without his brilliant mind and the excitement which followed in his wake.
Sherlock provides Mycroft with a note so Mycroft understands. It is clearly printed and on occasion vague but always honest.
Mrs. Hudson looked slightly startled but nodded. “Anything you need to ask is alright.”
It had taken all three of them, multiple attempts at distractions, forty minutes and the appearance of Mrs Hudson to calm her down again, Mrs Hudson had held her and swayed to a melody in her own head while Mina chewed on one of the teething rings Mycroft had found.
Sherlock’s face swims in front of John’s, his vision blurred by the alcohol and the force of the young woman’s fist. Strong punch good girl John thinks. She would have made a decent solider if she had been so inclined. Sherlock’s speaking to him but over the din of the constable’s tempers being soothed and Dimmock swooning over a strong feisty woman John can’t hear him.
“Yes.”
‘I know and I would never want her to be, she’s going to be her own person, wonderfully special and individual just as her father was but she can’t be him. He was one of a kind and so is she. I’m excited to learn who she is. I miss Sherlock but I wouldn’t try to replace him, it would be insulting to him and to her.’
‘Call me Tammy by the way, it’ll make this easier when you tell me I’m nuts.’
‘Which story did you tell her tonight then?’ She liked to start the night this way, they’d discuss Mina while the intro of whatever movie started and then fall into comfortable silence for the duration. He’d learnt early on that talking during the movies he watched with her was a sure fire way to have a plastic juice bottle thrown at your head, he missed the monologues of deduction Sherlock used to throw at programmes sometimes but for the majority he had to admit he preferred the companionable silence.
Short  answer: you don't. Longer: abduction, torture, poisoning followed by an expedient death once the wife's mother finds out. She's dangerous too but to a lesser degree than the brother and cousin. Father is ignorant for the most part having separated himself from the Moran family with the previous generations misadventures.
"Rain from somewhere else?" Sherlock answered looking back to the darkness and cold kept out by the thin glass.
A.N. My beautiful friend Ruby helped me figure out some key character points for this chapter and I couldn't adore her more. Thank you for answering all of my science queeries and allowing me to ask you stupid questions early in the morning, you're my superstar!
Have a little Johnlock my sweets.
“I remember,” John said.
Outside their door the house was still wide awake. Mrs. Hudson had wandered into the kitchen, ingratiating herself with the staff John was sure. Mycroft and Greg had tucked themselves away in the dining room which was quickly amassing pages of intelligence and detailed maps of gang movements and drug routes across the globe. Anthea was amassing the collective intelligence agencies held on Moriarty’s network and the man at the centre of it: Sebastian Moran.
He’d started making up stories for her at bed time when she was restless, he based them on his and Sherlock’s adventures but re-enacted with animals. He’d yet to fix on a set animal as the lead characters but they added a nice variety for the nights when he was trying to sooth her back to sleep but was too tiered to read. She seemed to enjoy spoken word sounds above music; he’d tried her with nursery rhymes and classical music but fought sleep harder on those occasions.
‘Yeah, sure, maybe we need a night light hey Mina?’ Mina simply looks at him and continues chewing the ear, it’s not fluffy in itself but he probably shouldn’t be letting her chew something felt covered,  removing  it quickly from her grip he places it on the counter before following Tammy, Mina seems determined to reach the toy though, she stretches against John’s grip and lets out the closest Johns heard to a cry of distress, he tries distracting her with his keys but the look of distaste she shoots him is clear even through the frown, the look changes to one of awe as they duck under the curtain to be enveloped in darkness. It takes John a minute for his eyes to adjust but then he sees the walls, glow in the dark stars cover the gaps left between the night lights on the wall.  But what caught his eye sat in the middle of the room, a large bee model sat on a small podium small stars adorned its black stripes and through these golden lights cast their outlines onto the dark walls,
‘Doctor Watson, you need to understand. The place she’s been, people not knowing her. That’s good, I know it’s horrid but if they didn’t notice her, maybe it kept her out of trouble, you’ll see in the files what evidence of abuse we found but I’ll say this, none of it was sexual, at least there was no evidence of trauma. The other girl she said they only ever called her Mini Moth after her mum apparently. Her mum was The Moth, that’s all we’ve got. It’s all in the file, read it and see what you see. She’s very quiet, doesn’t make a noise when she cries and when she’s sleeping we didn’t hear a peep out of her then either.’
‘So who was your brother named after, his birth name I mean, William is such a nice name.’
‘Ok so when I was putting away things in Sherlock’s room I found these albums, I wondered if you might want them or I guess maybe your parents might.’
Greg returns his attention to the warehouse, there were three distinct sections; the chemical workshop, what looked to be a sweatshop of some kind and the holding area for the civilians they’d removed. Forensics was in for a hell of a job with this one, the sheer amount of physical evidence would take an age to process.
Mycroft and Sherlock made a deal. Mycroft would always help Sherlock and Sherlock would always be honest and clear.
Siger clasps his shoulder briefly before facing him, John takes the hand stretching towards him and feels a firm grip, ‘There is nothing I want more than to know her and if I am to call you John then you must call me Siger, my wife shall be suitably scandalised and we may make it to the main course before she starts bombarding you with inappropriately personal questions’  John laughs at this, he lived with Sherlock Holmes for long enough to no longer take offence at being asked ridiculously personal questions over a meal.
“At the start I would tell him not to call you, you know, I figured you wouldn’t want to be interrupted, but that just made him worse. It was like this itch to him in the end, he was strung out without you there in that moment. So I’d crack and yell at him to get you here and the second you said you were on route it was like his entire body relaxed; went loose as cooked spaghetti sometimes. It was worrying, like you were a new drug, but I think that’s what love can be like sometimes; especially if you’re as intense a person as Sherlock.”
‘Drop the gun Guv. He’s not worth it. Drop the gun’ Devin is restraining him. Doesn’t he understand what that man has done? What Greg let him do?
Anthea had maintained her position in front of the study’s entrance. She stood in silence her Blackberry somewhat forgotten but still clasped in her hand. She scanned the windows constantly.
“And he didn’t so what does that tell you Gregory?”
Some things he’d learnt on his own, Johnsons no more tears burns like hell if you get it into your eyes, he’d discovered this by accidently rubbing his eyes when Mina was splashing about earlier, not that he was complaining but a product called no more tears caused a hell of a lot of eye watering, children could be entertained through splash wars with themselves, potentially the most adorable thing he’d ever witnessed, bath mats main purpose was to provide your knees with somewhere safe to rest while avoiding the flooded bathroom floor, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t thank them for that, although all the forums said she would be able to handle a small cup herself Mina seemed to lack the control to take sips of a drink, the whole milk he’d tried her with at dinner had been more messy than the spaghetti and the final lesson, learnt immediately upon Lisa leaving, just because Mina didn’t make noise, didn’t mean she didn’t cry.
“Yes, I did the books. He was always terrible with his sums and he used to say it kept me out of the mischief.”
“Are you armed?” John asked. Francis visibly faltered; his mouth opening slightly in mid answer. “Francis it’s a simple question; are you armed?”
Saturday morning started as it always did; early morning wake up, Mina not understanding the pretence of a weekend lie-in, followed by stories in John’s bed until their stomachs grumbled and he was certain their movements in the kitchen and living room wouldn’t wake Mrs. Hudson. She’d been fast asleep in John’s chair when he’d returned the previous evening, tea cup and saucer balancing precariously on the side table while the baby monitor was nestled next to her side.
“Also Mitrović made no mention of her being used against Sherlock in the end.”
‘We can arrange that I’m sure’
‘Well her uncle Mycroft and my friend Greg, they’ve nipped out to get some things for her, bottles, formula the whole thing. I guess they’ll probably buy food too, isn’t there a terrible story about someone mashing bananas and sweet potatoes together, I think I heard that somewhere but if it’s what she wants then I can mash all the things.’
His father had told him his mother was returning, her treatment at the hospital had been completed and her doctors were sending her home. From that day until her return he spent his days telling stories about her, the cuddles she gave and making promises of the games they would play once he could walk; their mother was a keen croquet player and had been teaching him the rules throughout her pregnancy and so on the day of her return, an unseasonably balmy morning for early September, he waited in his best church clothes for his mothers arrival. But the woman who returned was not his mother, she inhabited the same body but nothing about her was familiar, even her eyes, once vibrantly blue were dulled by her condition. In the nineteen seventies the health service had known little of the existence of postnatal depression, the doctors believed she was simply in shock following the traumatic birth and extended hospital visit, they said being at home and exposed to the comforts of family would serve her recovery well.
“I don’t understand,” Mrs. Hudson said softly.
“Once she’s conked out I want to ask your advice about something,” Greg said as they sat.
I HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN THE RULES. NOR THE REQUISITE HONESTY. PLEASE BROTHER.
“Shame, guilt, fear of rejection. Sherlock was a damn hard man to read, Greg. For the most part I think he was ignorant to my feelings, and if not, if he knew. He never made a move so I guess that says something, doesn’t it.”
‘Yes, yes I did, well we did, but her name is going to be Mina.’
So yes I hope you're all well and happy. It's not been so long this time which is a bit of a celebration for me but this chapter is shorter so maybe that makes sense. I hope you all like it.
I have become maudlin as the night draws on and with the depth with which I drink from this bottle. You would take it off me, tell me to sleep, wouldn’t you John? I wish I could. I doubt I will sleep tonight. There is still blood on my hands, under my nails, I can see it John but I can’t get it off. I am Lady Macbeth tonight John haunted by ghosts of my own creation.
I'm back and with a wonderful new beta, go and check out Burning_Up_A_Sun she's marvelous and not just because she's been teaching me about the correct appreciation of verbs or to use their correct title 'Word Porn'.
I AM UNABLE TO RECALL.
“Yes mate.”
Mycroft smiled blandly at this little aside. He tapped his finger back on the photograph of the man.
“So the Prince did what the Dragon said and he left the Knight all alone. The Knight was very sad and all of his friends were very worried because the Knight had discovered the secret but it was too late. The Prince was gone and he thought now there was no one for him to love, but he was wrong.”
‘I meant what I said earlier, Mina, she is happy.’ He has an idea, something that will perhaps lighten the severely diminished tone of the evening. It would most likely be a pleasant way to end it in any case, ‘Come on I have something to show you.’  He follows Mycroft back into the house and continues of the path back to what he remembers Mycroft calling the family room. Siger is seated once more on one sofa and John points, by way of instruction, at the seat next to him hoping Mycroft will sit.
‘John I know you want this to be true but’
‘It surely qualifies you for a great deal John, but alas on this occasion I will be forced to turn down your kind offer.’
KILLING.
‘Ah well you see,’ the slight pink flush appearing on Mycroft’s cheeks bought the attention of the entire group. Clearing his throat Mycroft continued, ‘My parents had thought Sherlock would be a girl, the name they had selected for their perceived female child was Wilhelmina, the name of my father’s favourite aunt, a woman my mother had adored, they were rather set on the idea so when Sherlock appeared in the world as a rather skinny, screaming, baby boy they decided to continue to honor her by using the masculine form of her name, hence William.’
“Alright, how about this one?”
“I am here on a mixture of business and pleasure. Business being activities which produce my income and pleasure being whatever I can have your countries pretty little bitches do for me.”
‘That seems to have changed for you as of late’ he’s observed it through their shared interactions and Mycroft’s open affection with Mina. He would never have guessed Mycroft would be the doting uncle he is but he supposes grief mellows everyone to a certain degree.
‘Mycroft’ Gregory’s voice was soft, more of an exhale which coasted across his lips gently, he parted them in response, he wanted to say something, explain his actions in some acceptable way, but he failed to think of anything before the man before him moved closer.
‘I quite agree, you have to be here for when Mina arrives. Food is something that can be ordered in or I have my people. Someone will be able to collect the things you need and bring them to you rather than you leaving the house.’
‘I fear you may have been made to think of our parents as something abnormal or perhaps neglectful, I will not blame you for that and certainly my mother is occasionally challenging but in the case of my father, he has always been a most attentive parent, both for myself and Sherlock, they spoke every week on the phone you know?’
‘Yes, Mrs Hudson as of a few hours ago Dr Watson has become the guardian of a new ward. She is yet to have a first name but as of today her last will be Holmes. Although perhaps Dr Watson would prefer something hyphenated.’ Receiving no reaction from the doctor he chose the continue ‘You see it would appear my brother managed to leave a legacy in the form of a young girl, her existence was unknown to us until the Detective Inspector here' he turns to indicate his silver haired companion, 'liberated her from her one time home, a drug den, where, I am led to believe, she was at the mercy of some of the lowest forms of humanity. It is imperative, as I’m sure you will understand, that she be allowed the proper chance of a fully nurturing and loving home. For that purpose, as the executor of my brothers estate, I have charged her care to Dr Watson.’ The silence of the room would be referred to as oppressive if it had not been for the murmurings of the landlady.
Mycroft had thought about rimming Sherlock, since Sherlock had said that he would take an enema. And Sherlock did just taste of the sandal-wood soap used for the enema, and 'Sherlock'. Not repulsive at all. Just delicious. Mycroft almost lost himself in the small almost mewing sounds, that Sherlock made and he had to reach down and adjust himself in his trousers. Maybe he should try to see if he could make Sherlock...and himself....come by just doing that another day? Later?
Sherlock began to read from the diary:
Sherlock sighed and turned his head away again....but to John’s joy he grappled for John’s hand again: “I was killed.....and......and don’t think that I would ever believe...now....being more awake....that you would do such a thing, but.....”
“You found it!” smiled John and lifted the kilt. He had feared that moths would have eaten it totally, but there were only a few tiny holes.
In the helicopter on the way to Balmoral he wanted to hear more about how he was supposed to behave. And Mr Hobson just told him to treat her Majesty as he would treat a senior officer. It would be appropriate enough.
“Give me a hand, will you?” asked Sherlock and John helped him setting the headphones back again and putting the bison-skull back on the wall. John looked around. A lot of things were still not in place, and there were new pieces of furniture, but all in all the flat looked habitable now.
Mycroft came and stood by John’s side as she was wheeled away: “It is not because I want to be cruel, John. But you are a doctor.........”
“What the fuck?”, was everything John was able to say.
And that was actually a mercy....because now it was easier to avoid a threatening orgasm. Mycroft caught his breath and watched as she went over to the cupboards again and brought back a black leather-case. She opened it and it was filled with long thin steel objects of various sizes and shapes. Sounds!
John wanted to do something to Sherlock that he had thought about since the first day they’d had sex. He had done it that time, but not since. Sherlock was ordered to undress and go to the bathroom and as John entered he almost lost his breath at the stunning sight of Sherlock on all fours, kneeling obediently on one of the quilted carpets they used for this purpose (and had dry cleaned regularly) and only wearing his collar. His wounds were healed by now and there were only faint remnants of his scars from Victor. Even those from Serbia were only white lines. John touched Sherlock almost reverently and kissed him gently at his neck above the collar as he whispered, “You are so beautiful… And you have no idea what I’m going to do to you… How I will mark you!”
John smiled back: “Yes...the shrapnel that almost killed your highness. I had put it in my pocket and when they collected my belongings after I was shot, I found it again the other day....I had forgot almost everything about that day after I got wounded, but it came back to me later....I thought that it would be worth remembering...the day where you got your life back!”
“You, John...I have always accused you of being such a lousy actor. You were much to honest for that sort of deceit. And now I see that I was totally wrong...about you. About Mycroft...about everyone.” And Sherlock did hide his head in his hands.
Then John told how Mary had fled and how he had found the wounded Sherlock on the floor in Magnussen's bedroom. How Sherlock finally had pulled trough after finally having been operated on and how Sherlock's first word had been 'Mary'...
week we were there, a lot of artefacts were stolen and one of the younger monks was found dead one morning, his hands clutching to one of the rare and expensive books. Inside the library. With a locked door. Problem solved....he had been the thief and had regretted his thefts and had taken poison. Easy-peasy. Just...it was so wrong on so many levels. And I went to the abbot to try to tell him about my thoughts. I had totally forgotten, that he could only speak to us through an interpreter, and that was out of the question as I suspected the culprits to be exactly those three interpreters. As I showed my frustration by speaking out loud in several languages, not expecting the old man to understand one single one of them, he addressed me in the most correct and refined Oxford-English. He had studied there when he was a young man, but he had chosen to speak his own language only!
“I was tested regularly.....I still am. Some of the marks on my arm are from the lab drawing blood-samples. More-so because of the substances I meet and have met running around in London chasing criminals......and I was tested thoroughly after...after Serbia. Because I was....I was....”
“Well… She knows of course of my… Hmm… habits. I’ve never hidden them from her. And she knows I am bisexual… And my other inclinations too.” Mycroft swallowed and continued, “This is not easy for me… It is rather private!”
And I realise that the fight inside you, the mental fight you had to fight to get here, to accept whatever I would do. That did happen in the car on its way to my house, didn't it?”
Sherlock looked a bit embarrassed, “I remember that and I remember that I only had intended to use such a little amount that it could be traced...and 'feed' Magnussen's suspicion that I was using again. But it was too tempting and I used too much...”
“As if I would care John. A bit of pain would only spark my arousal!”
__________________
They had a discussion if it would be best to do the piercing with a flaccid cock or with an erect one. The experts did disagree. Mycroft proved a point with his, “If I want it whilst experiencing sexual arousal, it would be a bit difficult with a flaccid cock, don't you think?”
And then after the case was solved, when they had been running around in London’s streets, alleys, backyards and byways, and finally had caught the criminals, then they would finally make their way home to Baker Street. Sometimes, but more seldomly now, with a brief visit to the emergency department, if it wasn’t something that John could treat at home.
He wanted...everything...so he just nodded and she changed to nitril-gloves. And turned the butt-plug down a bit.
John did throw the whip away, ”No....it is taking far too much time....I’ll finish him with the knife.”
John shook his head, “No...I didn't know that.”
So, let us return to John and Sherlock:
John got the enema equipment from the bathroom cupboard. He wanted Sherlock to be totally clean in that area. It would be necessary for the things he had planned out for Sherlock, and oh… He’d had the time to plan, while trying to get that collar around Sherlock’s neck!
*THAT I LOVE YOU! THAT I’VE FINALLY LEFT THE CLOSET. DO YOU WANT ME TO SHOUT IT FROM THE ROOFTOPS OF LONDON? I’LL DO SO. DO YOU WANT ME TO HIRE AN AEROPLANE AND HAVE A BANNER AFTER IT THAT SAYS: “JOHN WATSON LOVES SHERLOCK HOLMES” OR MAYBE EVEN BETTER “JOHN WATSON IS THE BIGGEST IDIOT IN THE WORLD”. I’LL DO SO. BUT PLEASE FORGIVE ME THE PAIN I’VE CAUSED YOU AND COME BACK TO LONDON......OR ALLOW ME TO COME TO BERLIN. I LOVE YOU. PLEASE. AND STAY OUT OF HARMS WAY!*
Greg stopped after 10 stokes. Mycroft was panting by now and was covered with a thin layer of sweat and Greg was sure that if he did slide his hand under Mycroft's stomach, he would find a leaking and very erect, almost purple, cock.
John took Sherlock's hand again, “Somehow the bullet had moved inside you and made the rupture in the cardiac-sac a bit bigger and that drained the blood away...enough to make your heart able to beat again. But how you managed to restart your own heart, well, that is a god-damned miracle...”
“No not quite. Just an art of defence that can be done wearing a suit. And then I box a bit and then of course my fencing..”
It was apparently a dead end and since nothing more happened, Mycroft couldn’t postpone Sherlock’s exile and Sherlock left England with destination Eastern Europe on the 28th of February. This time John hadn’t been allowed to say goodbye and it was only through Greg Lestrade that John learned that Sherlock had left. He had sent a very angry SMS to Mycroft, but had again got that answer back that he was no longer a part of Sherlock’s life and that he had chosen that himself! John had answered back that his marriage didn’t alter that Sherlock was still his best friend. But he never got an answer back on that remark. Greg had told him that Sherlock was in Eastern Europe – Bulgaria –and that Sherlock made fine progresses and..... most important.... was still alive.
They fell asleep with Sherlock almost draped over John. The best way to sleep ever!
He sat up, because Sherlock had removed the restraints and looked at his pierced nipples again, “I can understand, why people can get addicted to this..”
She must have seen his hunger because she smiled, “Now you want it, don't you?”
“This is...the heirloom of John Hamish Watson....his kilt!” and suddenly the smell of mothballs got stronger.
John nodded, “I don't know about you. But I could use something to drink and eat before we continue. And I need the loo.”
Mycroft very uncharacteristically just nodded and John continued, “I love Sherlock. And he loves me in return. I know with all my being that I do not deserve a love like his. He is the best and kindest human being I've ever met. Not at first glance and not judged by the first impression, but I should have seen it sooner. Even before he had to jump off that blasted roof. I've hurt him repeatedly and I've caused him so much pain...and yet he is able to forgive me. And that is a bloody miracle..”
'? What fucking bullshit is that? Sherlock had to go through his miserable life with rape, betrayal, neglect, heartbreak and loss....just to prevent a ...a hole in a bloody imaginary piece of fucking cloth?! And you lied to him...at least by omission, by dangling a 'what might happen' in front of his eyes and not telling all the terrible things that would happen in between?“
John could only shake his head. That Mycroft could honestly believe that that would be assuring!
Sherlock smiled, “Well, we do have two erections, that need to be done something about. And yes...it would be smart to now something beforehand. I suppose you want me to show you?”
First a bit back-ground information:
“What a way to go...”, John laughed. And did not worry more about that. Yes...they were all murderers...one way or another. Who was he to judge? And John would have to admit that when he had heard how bad Sherlock had been bullied at school: beaten repeatedly and at one occasion almost raped, John wouldn't have hesitated scaring such a bully so much that he wouldn't have dared to touch Sherlock again. John could see the irony in that as he himself had beaten Sherlock into a pulp at more than one occasion. But it didn't alter his feelings towards others....and on the other hand it didn't lessen his own guilt. And then he turned serious and asked, “And all the rest that happened it was because of the real 'Moriarty'?”
And John had the pleasure of seeing Mycroft blush.
for me. I'm sorry Mary. But I can finally admit that I do love and care deeply for him...”
Mycroft lifted the cane and let it fall, not too gently on Sherlock's sore buttocks. Sherlock opened his eyes and yelped, “Oh God...yes! Myke! More!”
John smiled, “You had been improving. Was conscious most of the time and Janine had visited you two times and I suspect that you two had come to an agreement and had planned something...”
“John. You would never had accepted any financial help. Getting paid for the cases were all right, because it was your work too. But you would never had accepted if I had paid for anything. I did manage to help you both a bit, but you had your pride, both of you, and I accepted that..”, said Mycroft.
He smiled back, “I would say 'no'. Because you and I can't allow ourselves to give up our positions in the government. You know that. Our successors are not in place yet......and to leave Great Britain in the hands of only Sir Edwin. No....and we would not be allowed to maintain our positions as a married couple.”
He whimpered a bit as he closed his eyes and imagined that another person was doing this to him. He moved his hands away from his body and had now the remote to the massager in one hand and the remote to the rubber-sound in the other and slowly he turned up the effect on both.
Greg felt a wave of warmth and love against his husband, who so seldom was lost for words. Who so seldom lost his eloquence. He squeezed Mycroft's hand lightly and said, “So. Spit it out. What was it that you wanted to spare me? Which secrets didn't you want to burden me with?
Time for the next step. Mycroft had remembered his tie, so he took it out of his pocket and wound it around Sherlock's balls above the parachute and up around Sherlock's very erect cock and then Mycroft lifted the riding-crop and let it fall on Sherlock's buttocks. First on the right side....then on the left. Not too harsh, almost just using the 'leather-tongue', giving Sherlock sensations close to a spanking.
“Has he asked him yet?”
Sherlock shook his head, “No...not intentionally. Mycroft wanted to give Carl a warning. But the poison was more efficient than expected and Carl drowned. Mycroft did steal the shoes to prevent the police to find out about the poison in the lotion. But no one...except from me of course, thought that Carl's death had an unnatural cause. And fortunately they didn't listen to me. Mycroft kept those shoes as a reminder of being more careful later on.”
Sherlock had nodded. John had made sure that he was now well educated in science fiction and modern music, and that knowledge had helped in a few cases.
And Sherlock obediently reached for his cock and felt the moisture that was almost dripping out of the slit.
“Red...sir! Red! Unless.... you want me..... to come without.... permission!” Sherlock suddenly stuttered.
And then Mycroft hugged Greg violently and buried his head at Greg’s shoulder as he cried and explained what had happened to him and Sherlock.
Mycroft looked at John and said, “Your father is not here any more. Your homophobic priest died many years ago. Your mother, who would cry and beg you not to be as 'doomed-and-go-straight-to-hell' as your sister, is dead. I'm sorry, John. But all the ghosts from your past....they are not there any more to haunt you. You are allowed to be, who you are. Not who you are supposed to be...and maybe, even if it is not my business, maybe you and Harriet can find a way to reconcile.”
And then he shook his head because why did he talk to a lifeless item? He found a nice vein, held the needle it against his arm and then he exhaled, lifted his chin and with an almost invisible nod...so much like the one John had used, when he had to do something unpleasant, but still ‘soldiered on’, Sherlock did slide the needle in.
He had slept in her guest room during the night and had had the best sleep for ages and they had agreed on calling each other when the need arose.
Before they had turned their relationship up a notch, Sherlock would often crash, the machine of his mind being close to destruction, because he could not make his mind stop deducing, calculating, noticing everything. But now John would just look at Sherlock, and then he would fetch the beautiful, bespoke collar and put it around Sherlock’s neck. Sometimes forcing it on him, and sometimes with Sherlock just accepting it.
__________________________
And Sherlock continued, “There are methods though, to 'reset' my mind. One is, as I mentioned, small amounts of drugs. Nicotine can do it as well, but in rather large amounts. We are talking about chain-smoking a whole package, or applying 3-5 of the strong nicotine patches. Unhealthy..yes I know. But better than shooting the walls or going out to initiate a fight on a bar, just to be grounded in my body again.”
John just nodded. Remembering his own childhood. “Yeah. It sucks, right? But your parents? They seemed so ...normal.”
And then Sherlock understood, “You are afraid that it might trigger something or that you might overstep my boundaries? That is why you have avoided...anything?”
And then Sherlock had stopped talking and Mycroft got a bit of his higher brain-functions back, “John...what about John...you have John. You can't.... I can't....”
John only stopped for a moment as he pushed the head of his condom covered cock against Sherlock's hole...and then he continued in, in one long gliding moment. Stretching Sherlock the last part with the size of his cock. Sherlock was tight, but John had prepared him well enough, even if it hadn't been a gentle preparation, and Sherlock's body accepted the intrusion with only a slight feeling of stretch and burn and then John started moving his cock in and out of Sherlock.
Lady Smallwood asked, “What did you expect, then?”
John laughed: “You git.....and you use it to seduce me!”
“Oh...I see.”, said John, and continued, “The first time I saw Mycroft, my instincts told me that he was your enemy. I thought him to be 'Moriarty'....."
And Sherlock had added this 'photo' to the bag intended for John
And it was Sherlock who answered after having looked into the similar folder Mycroft had given him: “Because she was that skilled and had powerful allies!”
“I know. And how are you, John?”, wanted Mycroft to know.
Mycroft smiled and pointed at his erection, “Does it honestly look as if I'm not enjoying myself? The only thing that was a real punishment in all this, was the cage. And it was a weird and nevertheless interesting feeling to have that sound in.”
"Reach and touch the moisture, Sherlock. Feel how sticky and different it feels."
“But counting on the buttons or fingers and the months a pregnancy is supposed to last...It shows that she saw David, when she was seeing me too. Yes we had sex....but I used condoms....and she said she was on birth-control....and at the same time she shagged David. Were there no ends to her deceitfulness?!”
Sitting in his well-worn armchair in front of the fire in the living room at 221B, John looked at the amber liquid in his glass, as he turned it and held it up against the fire. Then he took another sip and enjoyed the flavour that almost exploded in his mouth. Oh yes. Sometimes it was nice that Mycroft felt he owed Sherlock everything and had gifted John and Sherlock with a very nice and very expensive cognac....amongst other things.
Elizabeth giggled, “Yes a bit late, indeed. Bur you are 'clean' and so am I. And the risk of me getting pregnant is below zero. I am well on the other side of my menopause. So no risk there.....and before you ask how I can be that 'young' down there....local hormonal treatment. You didn't spot the ring inside me, did you?”
“I see my curly mess of unruly hair. I see my stubby nose, that even is a bit 'off-kilter' because of a ball in my face, when I was 10. I see my strange pale eyes, that can't even decide which colour they are supposed to have. They are small and slanted. Cats' eyes. And they do sit too far away from each other. My eyebrows are OK, I suppose. Too prominent cheekbones and a weak chin. Not masculine at all and when I laugh and smile, I get very unflattering double-chins. And together all those things mentioned give my face a strange triangular shape. And my mouth....ridiculous. It would look nice on a woman. Ridiculous on a man. Put that together and I look like.... Sid from Ice-age. Like an alien. My body is OK I suppose. Acceptable, but long and gangly and now filled with unflattering scars......and I'm much too pale. Like.....skimmed-milk...or like the skin of a vampire.”
Somehow both John and Sherlock found it a bit unsettling that their little baby-girl had grown to be so independent so fast and wondered again if they were getting a bit to old for active crime-solving and that it was maybe time for leaving London and settle down in Sussex. Yes....they were just 45 and 49, but they were not getting any younger and their hard life did show from time to time in pain on various places. Sherlock's shoulders would now pay for the torture in Serbia and his knee, that had been damaged during his 'time away', would make itself shown, when the weather changed. John's shoulder would hurt sometimes and so would his leg. After all, the limp hadn't been totally in his mind. The through-out sepsis after the wound in his shoulder, had settled down in his femur and had done some damage and even if nothing was to be seen on scans and x-rays, his leg did hurt from time to time.
Sherlock looked at John and admitted, “I used again...... Heroine to numb my mind. And cocaine to tolerate that life on the streets. Just like after France...and this time Mycroft found me after 27 days. Faster than the first time. I was sent to rehab, but continued to slip in and out of using the next couple of years. That is why I never finished the last exam...”
And they both laughed.
He looked up, “When was the first freezer invented?” he asked John.
And then he bowed down and kissed Sherlock again,......”But you are...and very much so! Giving me the best sex I've ever had.”
“Shhh Mary...it is not your fault......You couldn’t have known. Just a stupid accident.....not your fault”
As Mycroft and Greg turned left on the top of the stairs, Sherlock and John turned right towards their suite.
Later that evening John sent a message to Sherlock:
John nodded as he finally saw, “And you were somehow afraid that there would be just a sliver of truth in her abilities to manipulate people around her?”
“We can never totally stop such an organisation.”, said Mycroft, “Not one which has existed since the Renaissance. But we can 'clip their wings'. Just as Sherlock did to Magnussen's organisation. We can prevent them from being strong and efficient for a long time....and that might be enough to prevent the next war for many years.”
“Thank God for your gut-feeling. John!”
And John did understand and knew it had something to do with Sebastian. John had only asked once, if that was the case and Sherlock had just nodded. And John had respected that Sherlock didn't want to tell about it. John just said, “One day I think I would like to find that arsehole and give him the beating, he deserves!”
John opened the envelope and saw a picture of a very nice house surrounded by a lot of trees.
I had managed to get through the first two fences with my old access-card from Baskerville. There were some buildings behind a fence and some sports areas closest to the fence where I was standing. Some children were occupied in playing some sort of game. And there I saw him. Khan Noonien Singh. They were outside the houses and there were no adults near them. He can't have been more than 5 years old. And he was the spitting image of my father at that age. Apart from very small differences. Khan's hair weren't as curly and he was more muscular. But apart from that? If I had put a young version of my father beside him, you could have believed them to be identical twins, because even such twins can be a bit different. And he was already a born leader then. I could see that through his interactions with the other children. He wasn't the eldest, but as they discovered me, they had all looked at Khan and had expected him to react. He came over to the fence and told me that I would have to leave....or they would get punished...and maybe I would too. I told him that I worked for Baskerville...a facility similar to this one....and that it was very unlikely that I would get punished.
The young man smiled, “Exactly!”
_______________________
And John woke up in Baker Street, sitting on the sofa, with a beer in his hand, sitting next to Greg and there were Sherlock and Mycroft sitting at the table, discussing the upcoming meeting in Bulgaria.
“Continue, please...”
Mycroft moaned and arched his back and Greg set up a rather fast pace as he pushed into Mycroft in long deep fast trusts. He had a firm grip around Mycroft's hips and had bend Mycroft almost in half, all to well knowing that those welts on Mycroft's buttocks would be stretched and hurt.
More sex and a visit to Diogenes' Club
Of course Mycroft had taken care that Mary had been hospitalised in one of the best private hospitals in London as soon as his minions had reported about the accident, since they always kept an eye on Mary. Not to keep her safe, more just to keep an eye on her. Mycroft knew what she was capable of and just wanted to be sure where she was all the time. Mary pretended not to know and actually she found it rather reassuring having somebody to keep an eye on her, at least when she knew about it.
(to be continued)
Mycroft rose and kissed Greg, “You do know that I love you so incredible much, don't you?”
Sir Victor Baskerville might never have found the connection between the 'war-veteran' and the 'Thomas' from the island. 'Thomas' wasn't the only war-veteran living out there on the moors after all......or Sir Victor might have found another solution. Sherlock found traces of that in the next bunch of papers.
Mycroft nodded, “There is. I am a very observant man and I'm usually very good at reading people. So....since I have difficulties....I just wondered. Would you consider working for the government? To confuse people like that could be very useful, working in that area.”
John huffed, “Some fine love. Drugging me up to my eyeballs. Letting me see her being shot. Even if it was as false as a death-scene in an opera. Letting me believe that I was going to get shot by that false therapist. Letting me take care of Rosie all by my own and making me hate you so much, that I blamed you for her death and kicked the shit out of you and abandoned you and would have let that creep Culverton kill you, if it hadn't been for Mrs. Hudson. So honestly, Sherlock, coming to my senses again and being out of that drug-induced haze, that I apparently have been living in, since I met that blasted woman, it has made me sane again and what Mary showed...that was not 'love', Sherlock. That was extreme jealousy, possessiveness and abuse. Not love. Love is what you showed me, even if I was so blind, that I couldn't see it in front of my own bloody nose: stepping back and wanting to give me everything, even the wife and life, I thought I wanted and you 'dying inside' because I refused to see your love. That is to be able to forgive me for being an arse and beating you and give you another scars to your collection. That is being prepared to risk your own life to 'save' me. And I can never...never!.....pay you back. You do not alone have the biggest brain in England. You have the biggest heart, Sherlock. And I'm going to try so hard to prove myself worthy of such a love!”
“That was… That was incredible, extraordinary and utterly fantastic!” stuttered Sherlock, “Thank you John… Please let me return the favour!” Sherlock started to move his head down John’s abdomen and towards his groin with the determined intention of freeing John from his clothes, or at least to free an important part of him!
When John and Mary had returned to their flat and Mary got a moment of her own, she looked at the note Sherlock had put in her pocket as he gave her a farewell hug. She had instantly understood why Sherlock had shot Magnussen as soon as she had woken up from her drugging in Sherlock’s parents house. She just hoped that her love for John would be just as big as Sherlock just had shown that his was......risking imprisonment for several years just to protect her...and thus making John happy.
And over the next few days Sherlock drifted in and out of consciousness. Not able to distinguish between reality and false memories anymore. Reading about the realities behind his 'creation' hadn't helped Sherlock. On the contrary.
Sherlock paused and did reach for Mycroft's hand , “And after that...things went down the sewer, didn't they?”
They talked and talked and John told everything he could remember and Sherlock did remember the weird drug-induced dream he had had as a young man, believing he had seen an angel coming out of the wall.
“Are they fine?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock was quiet for a few second before the said, “Sometimes, getting caught, was the easiest way to obtain information.....”
And Sherlock continued, “If you have finished your self-flagellation John, I have a few remarks. You tend to paint things in either black or white. And now you have decided that I'm all 'white' and a saint and you are all 'black' and a sinner. But life isn't like that. I thought we had established that. You are not your father. You might have beaten me.....but it was when you were under extreme emotional stress. And at the first occasion, at the Landmark, you must have felt that I mocked your grief. It was me who failed....the social awkward idiot, who tried to use humour to make things lighter and failed miserably doing so.
And he fetched it and opened it and showed that there was a variety of butt-plugs in it. John began to laugh a bit, “Oh God. Do you know what that reminds me of?”
Lady Smallwood looked at Mycroft, “Should we close down the facilities?”
And John did let go of every control. Something that he rarely allowed himself to do and he took a firm grip around Sherlock's hips (and they would bruise afterwards, because Sherlock was so pale) and pounded and pounded into that willing body. Totally loosing himself...and even more so because Sherlock showed so much that he wanted it that way. 15 hard trusts where Sherlock moaned louder and louder ….and John came so hard that his vision blurred and he saw stars and first a bit later did he discover that Sherlock had come too. Untouched.
So. Back in Baker Street 221B again. Sherlock still as thin as a stick and using a cane, but he was there and alive and John and Sherlock were together.
Mycroft smirked, “I thought it was the reason to marry him?”
Lady Smallwood didn't want to punish Mycroft, not after she had let him down as well. That he had submitted to her, without question and so wholeheartedly, had touched her.....and she held no grudge against him any more.
“Open your eyes, Myke”, said Sherlock and kissed him and then Mycroft was told to touch his very much neglected erection.
“What?”
Mycroft frowned and looked down and saw his still erect cock and reached for the blanket..
, I’ve got something for you!”
And then the Augments began to fight each other for earnest. Ferris wanted North America..and she killed George and ruled both North and South America. Not in a wise way. She expected to be treated as an Egyptian goddess and drew all resources to her own people and followers. There would have been enough resources for everybody, if she had distributed everything close to equal....but the result was hunger-death in one place and superfluity in another. Bernhard wanted Europe, Cheng wanted China and Verity just wanted more. The only one, who tried to talk some sense into their heads was Khan and even his intellect hadn't expected them to be so stupidly ambitious, that they would rather loose everything, than allowing the others to rule. And all of them had sort of forgotten Africa.
“No...I’m not” said John and sat down on his chair again but took Sherlock’s hand in his....he could already see Sherlock’s “shields” slide into place again and Sherlock’s shoulders slump in defeat: “I understand...” said Sherlock.
Sherlock took a deep breath before he continued and Mary gave his hand a squeeze.
“What is this?”
John, who could see the confusion in Sherlock's eyes, hurried to explain, “You were shot. In the chest. The bullet nicked the top of your liver and located itself near the cardiac-sac and made a tiny rupture in that, thus filling it slowly with blood, whilst you had internal bleeding from the liver damage too. You flat-lined 3 times: 2 times in the ambulance and one on the operating table..”
“You would find it difficult to return, John, as you would be arrested immediately. You are totally starkers!”
On two occasions that weekend, John thought that he had managed it. Once as Sherlock had been occupied with his microscope in the kitchen, and the other time Sherlock had been reading, but as John had buckled the collar around Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock’s eyes had sparkled and John had discovered that Sherlock had put a finger in between the collar and his neck.
John took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment. The pain in his chest.....yes Sherlock did hurt him with those words....so much that John nearly missed the next words:
And he reached for John's hand and touched John's eyes and pointed at Mycroft and Greg, who were frozen in time. And John saw how they both glowed with a warm shimmer.
Sherlock noticed that Mycroft was awake with a sharp glint from his eyes, but he didn't say anything, just continued reading the last pages and then he put the report down on the table. All the other reports had been moved, so he had apparently read them all.
Then John knelt behind Sherlock. Moved his hands down under the blue silk and caressed Sherlock's thighs and felt how Sherlock shivered a bit.
“Who is that person?” , John asked.
Sherlock smiled, “This 'you'. This Mycroft, who I adored. My big brother who told me 'All The Important Stuff'...even if he thought me to be an idiot compared to Eurus. The Mycroft who showed me how to use a microscope and told me stories about pirates and looked in 'The Three Carridebs'-book with me to find the clues. That 'Mycroft'.”
And then he realised, “That was why you wanted Mycroft’s help.”
Mycroft opened his eyes and smiled a bit at the look of his very erect cock. This could be over very fast if he didn't take precautions, so he found the padded leather-strap, that could force his balls a bit down and prolong or delay his orgasm. He did spread his legs and tugged a bit at his balls and slipped the strap on.
She smiled, “Yeah...I know. The Kinsey-scale is not an absolute. But your wife and I are the exceptions. You are a bit 'bi', but most of all gay.....and that man would be a better partner for you. You know exactly who I mean...”
“I don’t understand how you can turn me on so much.” said John, tilting his pelvis so that Sherlock could feel John’s stiff cock against his cheek, “I’m not a teenager, but I’m ready for a second round. My refractory period should be much longer at my age!”
“Not for your liver. “, said John as he sipped and savoured the fine taste and the warmth from the exquisite cognac.
Greg smiled back, “Yeah..I did beat you, didn’t I.”
“Whatever for?”
Before they could reach the door, John pushed Sherlock up against the wall, forced him a bit down and kissed him and licked at the precise spot on his neck close to his ear, that precise spot that always made Sherlock go weak.
John had a collar too. It was nearly same colour as Sherlock’s, but with more chestnut to it and Sherlock thought that it was looking stunning against John’s more tanned skin-tone. How John managed to maintain that golden tone over almost his whole body while being an Englishman and living in the English climate... Well that was a marvel to Sherlock.
Sherlock just looked sad, “Not worse than the others....”
That left time enough to do what Sherlock needed and had begged for; a thorough treatment with the implement that Sherlock liked the best - the riding crop. And something else too.
“I did cherish the look of surprise at Culverton's face, that was actually your face, as I shot him right after I had shot Mycroft in the chest. I shot Mycroft with something similar to Mary's signature shoot, but it could buy Mycroft a chance.....You see: I'm a better crack-shot than she ever was. I'm just as good as you, John. I had to learn fast, while I was...away. And I did not hit his pericardium, as Mary did with me. I nicked his liver, knowing that if he got help immediately, he would survive. And then I turned towards 'you', that is... not you, but Culverton, and did send a prayer to the God, in which I do not believe, that he was indeed Culverton and not you. And shot him right between his eyes with the last of the two bullets. The one meant for me....”
Sherlock lifted his head, “No...you are not. What friend would tell his best friend to 'fuck off' after said friend had returned from Hell on Earth after two and a half year? Even if you were hurt, you didn't even ask someone..anyone... how I was, after you had beaten the shit out of me. What friend would tell his best friend to 'fuck off' after said friend had worked his arse off to make the best wedding ever? What friend would yell and insult when his best friend was in a rough place and had started using again? Because that was what I had done,...then. Molly slapped me. You cursed at me, but had never bothered to check on me. What kind of help was that? What kind of friend would again tell his best friend to fuck off after his wife had decided to take the bullet aimed at said best friend. You knew that 'Mary' was an agent at that time. You knew by then, that she had betrayed her group and you knew that she had tried to kill me and I don't know her motive for throwing herself in front of that bullet, but she did. And it was her decision. What friend would attack and kick 'his best friend' when said friend was dying of poisoning? Directing your own anger and hurt and betrayal at the wrong person. I realize now that you have never been my friend!”
__________________
John had listened and he was a bit angry by now, and he almost yelled, “...'
Sherlock smiled and lifted his hand and caressed John's face, “I'm sure that you are going to be satisfied........”
_________________________
Mycroft paused.
Sherlock moaned back, “Yes, Sir… Please. I’m yours!” John sucked a love-bite just below the collar. Nothing more.
“No..” shouted Sherlock....still some will to survival left in him...
Mycroft cleared his throat, “I...I can't Sherlock. I'm sorry. The current state I'm in will prevent me from controlling myself and I can't give you.....”
“Because they are not only 'clever'. They are 'brilliant'. They were tested about 6 months ago and their score was so hight that the teaches thought they had cheated. And Rohan's foot got worse. Surgeons in India, paid by the foster home, had tried to save his foot and asked for help and now he is here in England in order for the best surgeons to try and.....I would so much like to visit those two boys and see how they manage.”, said Mycroft.
There had been a moment of confusion as Sherlock had sat down on the couch and had winced a bit...and John noticed their concern and glances at him.
My estimate is that we have managed to save about 10% of the knowledge. On ancient computers , that are still in working condition, some of it in written and printed books and even more on microfilm. Hundreds of thousands of people are reading through the material and putting it on private servers. Governmental companies are launching rockets with satellites out into orbit and communication-lines are being restored and rebuild. And we still use Morse until the other means of communication are up and working. The only thing about the restored knowledge is that it is in English. A language that everybody will have to learn now. Even the French. And they are forced to do that, because that is now the official language in the world. That became the mutual language in 'The United Nations of Africa' and the Australians speak a sort of English anyway. Even the remaining Muslims will have to accept that. There are not many left. Their augmented soldiers did almost succeed in killing 'everything moving' in the former countries in Northern Africa and in those countries in the Middle East, that weren't a part of Khan's empire.
John turned on the night-lamp and looked at Sherlock with a fond smile, “No...in no way. How could I be that? I...I think that I'm glad that there somewhere out there is a child with your genes walking around. No, I'm not mad. Well, maybe a little because I've never seen him and I would like to. But...”
John shook his head, “We would. I was attacked outside 221B Baker Street. On my way to talk to you!”
Sherlock frowned, “But you haven't done it either?”
So...now it was said. It was out in the open space....the elephant had been acknowledged: John wanted more than just living with Sherlock.
But this time it didn’t work! Sherlock’s eyes were still wild...and filled with fear. Since when had Sherlock looked at John with fear in his eyes? Now John was deeply worried!
Sherlock looked at Mycroft several seconds before he asked, “What happened?”
“Hmm. Explain, please” said Mycroft.
John turned around and looked at Sherlock and smiled: “Yes...only your bedroom. Not the flat and most certainly not your life!”
century. He had begun with frogs, then small mammals and finally sheep. And he had managed to re-animate them, as he called it. First he had killed them and left them for a few days. The he had applied his processes and had seen that they awoke again, and they began to function. Not forever as they would deteriorate again after a few days and return to the dead state.
And John stopped immediately....but took a firm grip around the base of Sherlock’s cock....and his own... as he leaned most of his bodyweight on Sherlock’s behind. He closed his eyes and had to fight hard not to come. Amazing that Sherlock would allow him to decide over his orgasms!
“Exactly....so do you have the proof?“
“Are you telling me that I was never shot by the therapist or met that red-haired lady at the bus either?”, wanted John to know.
John went to the kitchen to click on the kettle and to find the fine china. And then he made a tray ready with cups, wine-glasses and a plate with those Petit-fours and carried all of it into the living room and went back into the kitchen to make the tea ready.
Sherlock was already standing at the next door, trying to pick the lock with a piece of steel wire and as he turned around, Mycroft could see Sherlock's predatory smile, “Oh I do. I just need to have the luck that this.....”
“I will advice you to lie very still. The slightest movement will make the chain shift....and abuse your nipples!”
And Mycroft and Sherrinford should never wear that helmet and never do those mental exercises.
” But it is a wedding ring and it has been taken good care of. Has been cleaned and polished recently. So it is very much holding a sentimental value. You see, Mycroft, your brother's methods do rub off on me from time to time.”
“Well. I was taught how to reach a level of higher awareness. It can be achieved though various methods, and it is different to each person, which way is most efficient. The means can be meditation, music, light, scents......”
Then he frowned, “I thought that.....”
”. And he was right. Sometimes my mind would stay on a higher level than normal. It would not be as extreme as when being on a case, but that hyper-awareness would grate on my mind. I couldn’t 'stay' in my body...everything did itch. Light was to bright. Sounds too loud. One of the things that worked was...”
“No..” had Sherlock said, and John did agree with Sherlock,.....”just let them figure out how to rule the country without you and me for....lets say a month....and they will beg both of us to resume our work.”
Jesus Christ did John need a drink, pacing seemed like the only thing to do here but he couldn’t find the energy to move his legs.
“I asked if you ever feel as if you’re living in a dream.”  Greg asked, not unkindly, John didn’t think Greg could do anything unkindly, not truly. It’s potentially why Sherlock had sometimes grown frustrated with him.
The crunch of gravel beneath heels gave him a slight warning before the glossy haired brunette appeared beside him, her blackberry still held in front of her face Anthea cast him a side glance before smirking slightly,
He leans close again, his words just for Mina;
‘Please Lady Holmes call me John, Doctor Watson makes me feel as if I should be working.’ John’s smile is warm and Mycroft is glad whatever anxiety he had been carrying upon his arrival had been lost somewhere in the garden,
“I should probably go and talk to the guy right?”
“Greg, check the glove box. There should be a compartment accessible through the top wall, there’ll be a small latch concealed near the back right corner.”
“Have you ever felt like your life was a dream, John?”
I can't believe it's been nearly three months. I'm honestly so sorry everyone I know it's been far too long and I can only thank each and everyone of you that takes the time to read these updates and comment, kudos and subscribe I appreciate each and every one and they're the reason I could never just abandon this fic or this story.
‘If someone will show me to the child’s room, I need to inspect the proposed sleeping area. Also I need to assess your level of preparedness in relation to recreational and practical tools, bottles, toys and the like.’
“Yes, amongst numerous others but the emphasis was on her.”
‘Mister Holmes you have a call waiting on line one sir’, one of his secretary’s voices came through the tinny intercom they had installed for the office at Whitehall, he hated the thing and not only because it altered the voice of the person on either end but also because it became a constant source of distraction, he had preferred the phone system they'd worked with for years to this new development, but Anthea had insisted it was more appropriate and seemly. He had learnt early in their working relationship that arguing with Anthea earned him nothing more than a cuffed ear and the cold shoulder for a week. He started to prepare himself for the lecture he was expected to deliver to the ambassador on the correct procedure of scandal handling; his son having a sordid 'love affair' with the son of a chinese opposition party leader,the man had clearly panicked but he had no excuses for his actions, paying off the reporter had not been the answer, especially when said reporter represented the Chinese Government's newspaper.
As promised a hopefully fluffy epilogue. I was aiming for fluffy and it's really short BUT SWEET!
“What did you say John?” Sherlock asks and John just about manages to shake his head in response.
Danny’s waiting for him by the elevators; he waves across at Sally who’s brandishing a folder at Anderson while refusing to make eye contact with him. She raises an eyebrow at his leaving early and with one of his subordinates but Greg is certain there’s no need for that, the young man fancies her not him and besides there’s an even greater age gap between them than Danny and Sally, it’d be foolish to think this was anything other than the young man asking advice.
‘I just fail to understand what is taking that girl so long, is it too much to ask that one of your staff perform a task in a timely manner, by the heavens I swear I should just have collected them myself. Just like with the care of poor Gregory, I am glad you saw reason and allowed me to care for him, lord knows what would have befallen him if you had entrusted him to one of your girls.’
I believe you would tell me yes, you would sooth this ache in my morality which tells me to bring death onto another who has never harmed you is wrong. I was never a solider John. I do not have your discipline. Your drive. Your certainty in what is right and what it wrong. I am no righteous warrior.
DECEMBER.
They finish their meal happily discussing the latest football match and their colleagues, he’s glad to learn Danny’s making friends; he knows himself how hard it can be to work in their world without support. They stop for a cigarette before Danny heads home and Greg heads back to the office, the banter is easy and he thinks looking back on it he shouldn’t have been shocked when the man placed a chaste kiss on his mouth, the flirting should have been obvious but he’d missed it, somewhere between thinking Danny had been in love with Sally and finding out he was gay he’d missed the flirting. When Greg fails to respond Danny moves forward to repeat the action, Greg falls into the wall in his haste to stop it. He can see the hurt in Danny’s face and he hates himself a little because he thinks now he could have stopped this before it got painful for anyone.
‘How dare you make assumptions like that, how dare you, don’t you understand that I can’t do this, I can’t be here, not without him, I CAN NOT BE HERE WITHOUT HIM.’
The four of them shared in jokes and stories of travel and work, John sharing stories from his time in the army and his periods of leave spent all over the world, Mycroft had never realised the breadth of the man’s travel experience and wondered why he had continued to travel so far afield when it was clear to everyone how dearly he loved England,  his Father spinning tales of espionage and betrayal within the botany world, Mycroft knew the stories and knew their details were not as lurid as Siger was painting them but John appeared rapt on every detail while seeming to equally enjoy his mothers grandiose retellings of the devious nature of French scientists.
I THINK I AM ABOUT TO BE CAPTURED MYCROFT. IN FACT I AM CERTAIN. I HAVE CYANIDE BUT PLEASE. FIND ME.
‘I am afraid I do not follow John, which part are you referring to?’
How are we all. It's all finished and written but i'm giving you this little palette cleanser before the dramatic final chapter.
Quick warning however this is quite an unpleasant list and if you would prefer not to read it I don't imagine it would spoil the story.
Mycroft knew the time had come to bite the proverbial bullet and get the serious conversations underway, ‘I fear ruining the tone of this evening but there are issues we must discuss, I know everyone at this table has questions which need answering and as lovely as this meal has been I believe the time has come for those questions to be asked. In this vein I suggest we retire to the family room next door and accompany our desert with some coffee.’
Greg worries for a moment that he means the kiss, he’s about the drop his arms and make a speedy retreat when he feels Mycroft’s lips pressing insistently to his neck, the man is nuzzling him and his warm breath heating his skin and he reasons it would be unlikely that Mycroft would mean the kiss in these circumstances.  Instead of answering he runs his hands through the man's hair and presses kisses to his brow. He knows he should feel guilty, he’s a married man, but in reality he’s not felt married for some time and he hasn’t loved his wife for even longer.  This man has his heart and being close to him could never feel wrong.
‘Doctor Watson, you should probably enter the living room now.’  Perhaps orders were the way to reach the former army man. He had never responded to them well before but Mycroft hoped there could be a first time for everything. Instead John noticeably bristled.
‘Very well my dear, please inform my wife that myself and Doctor Watson will arrive shortly and that they shouldn’t wait to seat themselves if they wish. We won’t be long.’ Mr Holmes expression is a kind one but John thinks he sees a flash of annoyance cross his expression momentarily, it’s fleeting enough that he can’t imagine Holly would have seen and if the broad smile she wears when leaving is any indication she left in high spirits. Mr Holmes sighs slightly before turning bodily towards John. They’ve made it to near enough the end of the aisle; the other side holds an even broader range of colours, but the happy atmosphere that had surrounded them through their earlier examination has shrunk somewhat at the prospect of returning to the company of others, he can see what Mycroft was referring to when he described his and Sherlock’s father, the man gives off an air of calm serenity but with a quick wit and dry humour John’s seen the other Holmes men share.
“I don’t know Mycroft. It feels a little odd to come straight from Denise to you.” No matter how much he knew that relationship was behind him he didn’t want to start anything, anything real and complete, with Mycroft until he was completely unattached. Both he and Mycroft deserved more than for whatever this was or could be to start out with deception.
‘What I am saying John is that she's his, if you'll look at the DNA report you'll see. It's all there, in black, white and those weird lined diagrams,' Greg pulls out the computer print out. He had ensured the technician checked the result multiple times, it had felt as if he was very quickly descending into madness when he had initially been handed the folder, he had thought perhaps sleep deprivation was finally catching up to him after the months of insomnia he had been experiencing, 'it matches the DNA we have on file for him. I’m telling you I bloody checked mate, half this little girl's DNA comes from Sherlock Holmes. It might be hard to believe, I know I've been struggling with it but once you really look at the evidence I think you can easily see the truth of it.’ He knew he sounded desperate, so desperate that he was falling over his words, because he knew, just knew that John would not believe him. He wondered if the reason was simply he could not believe Sherlock would not have told him he had a daughter. Greg did not allow himself to focus on John's doubt, he was certain John didn't believe him, couldn't bring himself to believe the truth Greg was telling him. It did not seem to matter how many time John repeated the same action, checking between the report, the case file and the one photograph Greg had of the little girl.
‘No offence Greg but you’re really not,’ he meets his juniors eye, there’s nothing but sympathy and sadness there. Greg doesn’t know whether he can bring himself to be angry with that man.
Mitrović clicked his tongue disapprovingly.
‘I have always imagined sex was something he did high, the only mentions of it he ever made were in reference to tripping on some form of substance and certainly the only boyfriend any of us ever became aware of was a scoundrel called Victor. He was arrested on numerous occasions with large amounts of cocaine in his possession. The first time Sherlock overdosed Victor was the one to leave him propped against the doors of the local A & E department. I saw it later over the hospitals surveillance. He dragged him out of the back of a car and, after leaving him against the building, the man threw a shirt over my brother's chest. It was January, to say it proved to be an inappropriate amount of coverage would be an overstating of the state of this shirt.’
“Yes but Terry didn’t touch that bit, he dealt with the money. He was a launderer. Very good at what he did; a genius really.”
“Story.”
“Yes, Sebastian Moran was the right hand of Jim Moriarty. They worked together for years building Moriarty’s web and influence around the world. Moran we know is a former SAS trained operative with a taste for sniper kills and assassinations. He is without doubt one of the most deadly men on the planet.”
“Alright, we can do a story. Which one would you like to hear?”
“I don’t really know.”
They walked in companionable silence for a number of minutes; listening lightly to Mina’s intermittent commentary about the plants she clearly found the most interesting. John kept her out of reach of any low branches and flowers but was more than happy to kneel for ten minutes with Mina resting against his chest to watch the miniature water feature. The continued along the path, flanked as they were by two members of their security detail; once word of the photographer’s presence had spread between the three adults walking the gardens they’d consented to a more obvious security presence. Mina seemed unaffected and, dressed as they were, the security team blended almost perfectly with the small swell of tourists enjoying the winter exhibits.
“Well he told me to leave it alone and do the money stuff. But his partner,” Mrs. Hudson poked her finger at the other man in the picture. Now John was closer he could more easily see the differences between the three and this final man seemed to be smaller. While the other two were hardened and clearly rough this man’s eyes gleamed and his clothes reflected his wealth rather than hiding it. He looked less intimidating somehow. John wondered if that wasn’t rather the point. “Terry was his name, he told me that Sebastian was getting Frank to stockpile the stuff to make a stronger hold on the market. Terry didn’t like it but then again Terry didn’t like the drugs.”
I hope you will forgive me for what I am about to do John, there is a great deal for you to forgive me for is there not but I hope that this will not be that one step to far. You have killed for me John, the very first case we undertook as partners you did not hesitate to save my life at the cost of another’s.  I never truly thanked you for that. For believing I was worth that. I hope I get the chance to tell you in person.
CIGARETTES
His mother shot him a look of relief, she had arguably been on her best behaviour all evening, that much was clear, but he knew her subconscious was riddled with questions, misgivings and a great deal of worry.  She’d clearly been holding them in hoping to win John over somewhat but Mycroft understood that restraint would only have lasted so much longer. Better for him to take control of the conversation now before it devolved into something obstructive; it was in all of their best interests, not to mention the interests of Mina, to create an open dialogue sooner rather than later.  He turned to John and the man’s continued smile gave Mycroft hope that this interaction may go more smoothly than their initial interactions concerning his niece.
‘I am afraid dear Mrs. Hudson that this was not a planned outing, there have been some interesting developments in my late brother’s life and now I need access to his home, for reasons that will shortly become obvious. I am not alone however.’
“Yes baby?”
Yours always
Sending Greg off with his list and instructions to try and find some baby cutlery and bowls, he wondered what exactly Mycroft considered so amusing. John had never seen his eyes shine in the way he was now. He wondered quickly at what point he’d started seeing past Mycroft’s mask, he thought it might be after the confrontation on his doorstep but he tried valiantly to block that memory from his mind. In the future John would look at this moment as the first in a long line of hints that Mycroft never had been the Ice Man Moriarty believed him to be.
‘John I thought you might sit and have a drink with me before my parents descend on us, they’re eager to meet you obviously.’ He turns now to the woman, ‘Thank you Holly, would you instruct my mother we will be ready to dine in forty five minutes’ she inclines her head slightly before whisking out of the room, ‘What can I get you John?’  Mycroft moves towards a wooden cabinet leaning against the solid wall to John’s left, the right hand wall is made out of French windows, two open doors lead to an impressive yellow stone veranda,
He’s come to the end of his reports and it’s nearly six, revving himself up for what is sure to be an awkward conversation with the youngest member of his team he collects his coat and wallet while powering down his computer. He’ll come back for his work notes later he decides before locking up his office. Six o’clock is early to leave the office for him, he doesn’t really want to arrive home while his wife is still awake as that’ll just facilitate awkward conversations about Dylan her latest lover, Greg’s long work hours and his inability to provide everything he blindly promised her in their twenties. Yes avoiding that would be preferable.
“So if there’s nothing you wouldn’t do, what is it were supposed to be afraid of?” John asked.
John’s fighting hard against the instinct to hide any emotion from this man, he was raised in a family where negative emotions negative emotions were repressed until violence ensued, he’s tried so hard to disregard those lessons but sometimes, especially when faced with a person whose good opinion he is eager to garner, he falls back on them. He thinks he understands Siger, from the things Mycroft’s told him and the short time he’s spent alone with the man, to know that being stoic and emotionless would hardly impress him. He wears his emotions on his face, honesty interwoven his mannerisms, at least in his interactions with John that has been the case.
“Do you?”
Some of you may have noticed this is the penultimate chapter of this fic *Insert shocked face* but don't worry because i'll be figuring out AO3's magic and turning this into a lovely series for the second arc so at the relevant time go and subscribe to that if you want to keep up with John, Mina, Mystrade and a certain consulting detective who's yet to make an appearance outside of a dream *le sigh*
“Alright, I think we’re in the all clear but no loud noises for the next ten minutes,” John said.
Oh God Sammy.
“Someone’s taking down the network?” John asked.
‘Franklin reporting minor injury sustained, two officers in need of medical assistance.’
‘Ok this would have gone a lot smoother if Daddy didn’t have to hold you while you ate.’ John looked around the kitchen table, thirty minutes, one bowl of baby porridge, two pieces of toast, an abandoned cup of tea and a sippy cup of formula had turned the once clean kitchen into a slight disaster area, the porridge, which Mina had eaten three spoons of before deciding it would be better used to decorate the floor, table and Johns clean jumper, the slightly soggy piece of toast which Mina upon investigating had licked the jam off without eating the bread  were currently being combined into some form of starchy soup. Removing the items from his toddlers grip proved more difficult than anticipated and John was now seeing the real benefit of high-chairs.
It's been less than a week! What is this madness! Here's a slightly longer chapter which is mostly dialogue but it's rather nice to have a little calm before the explosion of drama which the next chapter is turning into.
“No, Sebastian moved on a few days before. Said he was going back to New York to meet a contact but he never came back. Of course once Sherlock arrived it was only a matter of time before Frank’s empire came down around his ears. But Terry didn’t get caught. None of us knew where he went.”
The last time I truly lost control of my addiction I found myself fucking a woman I had only known a few minutes in front of a crowd of drug peddlers in order to earn both my next fix and hers’. I am ashamed to say I remember very little about her. She had dark hair and blue eyes and I do remember thinking it was a terrible shame her face was so drawn as she would have been quite beautiful once. I remember that being the instant John, even as she rode me and I held her hips whilst trying to imagine something other than the leering faces that surrounded us, that moment was when I realised I had to free myself of the affliction that opiate addiction had become for me.
“You’re not wrong Mycroft. But yeah, where’s the wardrobe in this room?”
His breathing is normalising but there’s still a ringing in his ears, it’s not a phone now though, it’s just the adrenaline he thinks. He focuses on his breathing but the bang from the front door being flung open brings his heart rate straight back up. There’s noise now, people in the corridor, their voices carrying and the multiple clicks of handgun safety’s being turned off.
But Sherlock showed his strength by not just giving in and let John totally decide, because he kissed back, licked that spot on John's neck that made John's knees buckle and whispered, “I want you to do your worst! Ruin my fine kilt...and my shirt. Give the cleaners something to think about and...Oh God...the things I want to do to you......captain!”
Sherlock smiled at her, “And you tried to kill me again in the hospital?”
“Exactly my point, John. You are often, and for a long time, in charge, regarding us both here, and sometimes outside our flat too. In the clinic you’re responsible for the health of your patients. What I offer..” Sherlock pointed at the bespoke collar and the harness, “....is an opportunity to let go of all the responsibility. Let me explain it a bit better - when you dom me, John, is it mostly about my needs or yours?”
There had been silence for a short while and then Sherlock had said in a very resigned and utterly sad way: “I was unfortunately too busy keeping myself alive. And I wasn’t in contact with Mycroft any more at the time when I could be certain there was no threat against you any more. It took over a year. I didn’t know about Mary then. That she, even if she had been put on you, had “changed horses in the midstream” and instead of being a threat, protected you.
“No John. Even if I did re-write some memories, I do still recall that I met Victor Trevor at Oxbridge and we at first learned to know eachother and became friends after his dog bit me. The 'boy' in the well was not real. I'm going to elaborate that later on. Just believe me, when I say that a lot of what happened on that island, didn't happen at all. Remember, John, both you and I have been drugged repeatedly and over a long time.”
anniversary.”
He looked out into the air as if he could see something there and explained...and as he did that, his features softened and he looked so much younger, “I was in France. At Sorbonne. There had been trouble with some Tunisian potential terrorists and I was put on the case...”
people and unless you still have drugs under the floorboards, there is nothing to be ashamed of. I can assure you that they will not lift an eyebrow at finding butt-plugs or riding crops or canes..”
Then Sherlock shuddered, “Oh....sex. Two naked sweating bodies - all those bodily fluids. And male intercourse. So unsanitary! No....it would never come true. I am asexual and even if I'm romantically in love with John, I would never engage in sex. It repels me......”
Sherlock answered, “Two undercover agents caught some information about a professor in Germany, who had invented new sorts of weapons and was wise enough to sell them to all the different countries. And then the professor had planned different acts of terror and murder to 'ignite the powder-keg' and start the Great War. But he was stopped and one of the agents died whilst killing the professor. It was something with a waterfall, as I recall. The factory, where the weapons were made, were blown to pieces and nothing was left....not even drawings or plans.....and the tension in the world did loosen up a bit...and the 'War to end all wars' didn't happen until 1914, as you all know..”
And then they kissed again.
More sex ahead in this chapter..And I had to cut the chapter in two. I still need to write the bit in between where this ends and the next piece of text begins. But there is hope. Next weekend is not so busy. And please tell me if there are too many errors. After all...I am not English and this is not my first language.
John touched Sherlock's shoulder and asked, “Both?”...and he could feel that Sherlock was trembling ever so slightly because of the effort of controlling both mind and body.
“What are the rules?”, demanded Sherlock to know as they walked through the wall of golden sunlight and into a foreign landscape, that looked a bit like the landscape around their village in Southern England. The golden sunlight was all over the place.
__________________________
John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock again, “To confess my love for you and hear you say it back. I had worried so much. Been afraid of spooking you away. Fearing that you would hate me for all the harm I've done to you. And now....it is just so easy....as if it has always been meant to be like that....”
And then John had walked down the road with Rosie in her buggy and a freshness in his steps, as if John had been only twenty again. Sherlock could even hear John whistle.
John stopped for a moment, “The rules? Well, this is a limbo, an in-between. You stay here as long as you need, if you have some unfinished business...”
Sherlock read the list and then shook his head, but continued reading the contents of the next folder. It was medical journals and newspaper-cuttings and when he had finished, he just looked at John.
The tall pale man was shivering. Standing up he was tethered to a chain with metal manacles in front of the wall in the abandoned factory. His arms forced up over his head, but not so high that he would be hanging in them. He would only be doing that if he couldn’t stand on his feet. There was blood in his black curly hair from the blow that had made him unconscious and had made it possible for the other man in the room to shackle him and attach him to the chain.
John pointed at Mycroft's hand again, “Marry
Sherlock paused a bit before he said something, “Do you remember when I was away...in Tibet?”
Mycroft didn't have the same abilities to go deep into his 'Mind-palace', but he had an amazing brain after all and he closed his eyes to think all of the events all over once more.....
John was silent for a few seconds and then he spoke, “So...you hadn't planned on sacrificing your self to save me?”
John gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, “I’m glad you had it when you were away.” And the two young men looked at each other and smiled again.
“Nope. It is the very same. Look...it even have the destroyed rim where I tripped once. And yes...you are right. It doesn't make any sense. And yet...John. What happened here in the flat: the explosion and what happened afterwards, on the island, wasn't real. It was a fraud..and a twisted scenario and hallucinations. Dream-like...nightmarish. Remember, both you and I have been drugged for a long time.”
Sherlock's eyes were on John immediately, “Sholto?”
John just nodded. He understood what Sherlock meant, “I'm so sorry, Sherlock. For taking Rosie away from you...like this. I'm so sorry...”
Sherlock frowned, “It was all in my head, then?”
Then he was ordered to open his eyes and Elizabeth was putting a bigger sound into his cock. It did burn a bit, but it felt nice and weird at the same time. And the sight of the sound disappearing into his cock, made him moan.  This sound was longer and suddenly he could feel how it came closer to his prostate, that was being massaged from the other side. And as Elizabeth stuck another bigger sound, ridged this time and moved it in and out...and the sight of that ...thing...moving in and out if his cock... and the butt-plug was turned up, the buzzing grew and grew and a strange feeling did build and build...until Mycroft came with a shout.
“And I want you to be with me, Sherlock, because something is simmering and I need your keen eye and amazing ability to connect the invisible dots. I can connect dots as well but I need data....but you can see patterns without sufficient data.....and I need that ability.”
Sherlock smiled and said that he planned to do that too and then they separated and didn't meet until they took the cab back home again. Each of them loaded with a lot of shopping bags.
And John looked as his lovers gorgeous face and asked, “I did manage to overwrite the bad experiences?”
________________________
John looked a bit angry as he had said, “Not all high ranking officers were like that! Major Sholto...”
“One of these days, we will get abducted, while you are wearing those lingerie-items, and have your pockets stuffed with lube and condoms and we will get killed, because I will be to God-damned distracted and I'll be thinking with my prick instead of being able to defend us, “ would John grumble and Sherlock would smirk and lower his voice to a deep baritone, that would as always go directly to John's groin and say, “But what a way to go!”
Mycroft suddenly remembered that John was a catholic even if he didn’t “practice” so often. The church had not provided John comfort as Sherlock “died”, but John still believed in God even if John wasn’t quite sure that God would approve of his love in Sherlock. Right now there was a comfort in praying and well- known rituals and John had asked for a few moments for himself together with his dead “daughter”.  Mycroft was waiting outside the morgue’s small mortuary in the meantime. One of the staff had found a bible and a rosary at John’s request. He had a bible and a rosary in his bag, but it had been taken away because of the contamination- danger. And frankly....John didn’t care if he ever saw the contents of that bag again. His “dead” mobile-phone was in his pocket....with Sherlock’s number....and that was the most important thing.
When they finally came to their senses, Sherlock kissed John and said, “Thank you..”
John frowned, “What did you expect?”
“Oh...well, then she fooled me.”, said Sherlock.
Much later, after Sherlock had played with Rosie, she had had her bath and was being feed and placed in her bed, John and Sherlock had had an early supper and they were in the bed again. John sitting against the headboard and Sherlock lying in his arms. They were not in the bed, because they wanted to have sex. It was not the right time for that yet. There were still 'too many skeletons in the cupboard', that needed to be dealt with, before they would try that. Kissing and snuggling was good and allowed though. They had tried sitting on the sofa in the living room, but had found it too uncomfortable and now Sherlock was leaning up against John and they were holding hands as Sherlock prepared to begin his story:
Sherlock smiled and touched John's cheek, “It is going to be a long tedious tale. Of abuse and betrayal. Of someone trying to do his best, but failing miserably. Of two parents who were as blind as they could be and failed their children. Of a sister, who got so lost. Of two brothers trying to save her and each other and others. But you are right. Maybe we should leave Baker Street and go to your place. Prepare to fetch Rosie and order some food. Is it going to be a long story. But you needed to see Baker Street and the rug. Just look around now and remember how it did look after the 'explosion'. Because it didn't make sense either.”
And he could see as Mycroft Holmes turned into the arrogant 'Iceman' as Mycroft said, “Oh. I would have anticipated that all the drugs would have reduced your mental capacity to the level of....goldfish.”
John looked around: “If everybody is ready?” and they all held hands as the light around them grew stronger....
“Then allow me to come with a suggestion. Since it is unlikely that I will ever marry.....”
John continued: “Moriarty on every screen was your invention, Mycroft. Somehow the only way you had left to keep Sherlock in England. You were able to use every CCTV camera to follow me as we met so many years ago and Sherlock could hack every journalist’s mobile-phones in the case of “A Study in Pink”...so it would not have been so difficult to hack every screen in England.  I suppose that you now have dealt with...hm...I think it would have been Magnussen’s accomplices in the government...or at least some other foes of yours. To think that both the House of Lords and the House of Commons have...well I wouldn’t hesitate to call it criminal elements....that is scaring as hell. And if I should speak the truth, Mycroft, I actually prefer that you somehow decide a lot more than any of those members. At least I know that you have a conscience! And how all those politicians could ever forget that Sherlock saved their arses and lives on that November night two years ago, well I couldn’t get my head round that. How could any...anyone at all accept that Sherlock would be sent to his death...and that was what he had been! I can recognize a suicide-mission when I see one, Mycroft!”
_________________________________
“It was before I got my hands on Sherlock’s true medical journal......Not the official “Mycroft”-one!”
John explained: “Secondly you came by because you have news about Mary...or whatever her name was. And before you ask how I know: you have brought the briefcase that is standing on the floor in the kitchen. You normally only do that if you bring folders. You haven’t phoned Sherlock so it is not about a case, so the folder would be about something that could wait, so it is not extremely urgent. So it would be about something that concerns me....and Sherlock... and something that could be told when convenient. Like now when you wanted to stick your nose into our affairs......and what could that be anything but something new about that traitorous woman I married and who was pregnant indeed, but not with my child!”
John kissed Sherlock's head, “You do not have to do this, you know?”
John had previously given himself an enema when Sherlock had been out on a case two days earlier. The case had only been a three, but Sherlock had promised Lestrade that he’d have a look. And John had taken the opportunity to try the kit himself. Not that he hadn’t had enemas before. It was sometimes necessary when a person had been bedbound for a long time, as he had been when he was wounded. But there’d been nothing sexual about it then. The butt plug nozzles made it a wholly different experience though! John found out that the soapy solution only took five minutes to work, and then another five minutes on the toilet to totally evacuate his bowels. He had never felt that clean!
Mycroft finally understood how Sherlock had felt misunderstood and abandoned and why Sherlock had made such an effort to build an armour against the world. An armour that only John had managed to get through… And then John had left Sherlock too. For a wife who later shot Sherlock. And Sherlock had found himself unworthy of anything nice and loving and good… And the worst part was that Sherlock just accepted that. Sherlock had genuinely believed that he didn’t deserve happiness and love. That he was repulsive… Even to his own brother.
And then they kissed again. But stopped because they needed a shower badly and Sherlock wanted to have time enough to tell about 'Azkaban' before they would fetch Rosie.
and believe me, the contents of the rest of the folders do support, that this is in fact what happened.”
Sherlock paused and looked at John, “Yeah, it is tempting to seek comfort when you believe that you would not survive the night. Finally as the shooting and the explosions stopped, Irene and I fell into a slumber and didn't wake until it was dawn.....”
“John. You are thinking so loud that I can hear it..”, Sherlock's voice said.
“Victor Baskerville must have tissue and blood left, from when they operated on 'Thomas' to make his scars less visible and people must have assumed that they were preserved in formalin or something like that. A preservation that would destroy the DNA, but....”
“What?!”
While John had been talking, Sherlock had moved and was kneeling in front of John with his head in John’s lap. Not one single moment had he let go of John’s hands: “Thank you” he murmured over and over again.
And Sherlock remembered how it had been:
As John and Sherlock were alone again and had time to talk, Sherlock did learn that John had been abducted by Magnussen's men outside Baker Street, because John finally had decided to see how Sherlock was doing and had taken a cab to Baker Street that evening of the 4
“And you are not the only one feeling guilty about letting him run on fumes for too long...”, said Mycroft and with that remark he was adding to John's increasing worry that the scientist at Baskerville had build mind-reading abilities into the Holmes offspring.
And Sherlock answered, “All the rest was orchestrated by partly Mycroft...and others....and on the order of the man, who had a firm grip around my brother's balls. Ordered by the real Moriarty. The man behind the criminal network. The man who threatened both Mycroft...and you and me...and Mary.”
John stopped and looked at Sherlock, “For me beating you. Yelling at you. Treating you as a child that needed to be corrected...”
John nodded. He had finally seen Sherlock's back and had felt rather guilty as he learned how wounded Sherlock had been then, at The Landmark. And both he and Sherlock had talked quite a lot about feeling guilty about leaving one behind and hurting each other. It was sort of settled by now, even if John had a nagging feeling that Sherlock hadn't told him everything.
“Oh...but you are, John..”, said Sherlock and looked at John with a wicked grin, “You are delivering such nice and sinful noises!”
Sherlock held his hand up: “....before you rip my head off....thank you John for supporting me financial back then.....and my deepest apology for not observing that you actually didn’t like your job!”
John had to take a deep breath and his eyes filled with tears, “Oh God, Sherlock. They had given up on you. Had turned their backs on you. Even if they tried to replace the lost blood by pumping a lot into you again, your heart didn't start again...and they considered you 'a lost cause'. I know there is still hope, even if people have been shot, if you just can open up and find the ruptured area and stitch it together....but what do A&E doctors in London know about gun-shot wounds?! So they hadn't even bothered to open you up to find the cause....”
Near Pitlochry, Year 2069. August the 20
turned into my father. And I hate it. Last time we talked about such matters, I told you that I wanted to be different, but I had still not fully acknowledged, what I had done to you. So..here it comes: My father was an abuser and an alcoholic. I'm an abuser and close to being an alcoholic too. When he had a job it wasn’t that bad, but his words were 'the rule' in our house. Not something to be questioned. I don't remember it as being that bad when Harriet and I were young. But around my 15
Oh...he loved that she was hairless....just like him. He had got used to shave his genitals in Afghanistan. The sand-flies could be kept away from the toes by wearing socks and boots but there were other tiny insects that would crawl up a man’s leg..... first to settle down in the pubic hair and then they would dig themselves into the thin skin in the groin, the velvet skin of the penis and most of all in the skin of the scrotum leaving nasty infected wounds.
It was not the last time Mycroft visited. But it wasn’t that frequent either. It happened once every other month or so, depending on international crises and London’s criminal population.
Finally John and Sherlock had done their part of the job and they could go home to Baker Street and a bit to their surprise find themselves in that situation, that they didn't know what to do the next day. Not that they hadn't had an occasional weekend free to visit Rosie and Hamish, but they both felt that hadn't had a single break since Sherlock left for Bulgaria.
Sherlock paused before he huffed, “And he dared to say to me that 'the loss of you would break my heart'. What he didn't know, though, was that that explicit phrase started a chain-reaction in my mind and finally opened op all the secret vaults, that 'they' had put in there. But not all at once. There would be other key-words as well and just like domino-tiles, where only one is pushed and finally everyone is turned and tilted, it all ended with 'every stone turned' and every secret revealed. Everything that happened to me, every false memory, every governmental secret that I had stored, after having listened for hours to recordings and tapes...everything was turned upside-down and I was finally free...or sort of. ”
_____________________________
“I don't know? Maybe because you were rather drugged? You had had a heart attack again.......By the look you are giving me, I better tell what happened, don't I?”, asked John.
Ad Sherlock could remember that he and Janine had planned the whole media-stunt. Just to 'disarm' one of Magnussen's pressure-points, that Sherlock was gay. Janine had said that she could forgive Sherlock for pretending to love her just to get to Magnussen.
He was interrupted by Mycroft, who looked at him with horror in his eyes, “Oh God...the water. Don't touch any of the water...it is...”
Sherlock smirked, “I wasn't!..”
I travelled secretly to the facility near Chadigar. I knew it would be there and I wanted to know if the rumours about enhanced people were true.
“I’m sorry” had John giggled: “but I never knew that you were into that sort of thing, Mycroft!”
_____________________________
“I know that I’m the biggest idiot in the world, Mycroft. But I found it difficult to abandon a pregnant woman with a past that could jeopardise her and the baby and the only reason why I stayed by her was that your brother told me that he had forgiven her and that she never had intended to kill him. I now know why he did it......and why he shot Magnussen... and for that I cannot forgive myself. In Berlin he told me to leave him, stay out of his life... and I obeyed......So please tell me: why are you here if it is not about Sherlock?”
It was the biggest hamper yet, filled with expensive delicacies and a card of the finest high-quality cream paper with only three handwritten words:
_________________
John had looked at Sherlock’s back and had said: “I’ll leave. When my best friend asks me to leave, I’ll leave! You know where to find me. Mycroft says that I’m not allowed to contact you and he’ll be mad as hell because I’ve visited you here in Berlin. I’ll respect that you do not want to see me, but can you please try to stay alive?!”
http://intryck.deviantart.com/art/Army-Doctor-289646570
“You don't have to explain, John. I understand..”, said Sherlock.
_______________________
John looked at Sherlock, deeply worried, “Sherlock. You shot and killed Mycroft!”
Sherlock smiled, “For what it is worth, she loved you and Rosie the way, she was able to. She stayed long enough to give Rosie a safe....well, sort of safe birth and the first very important months. She managed to give Rosie the first important milk, even if she didn't continue to breast-feed her. She gave me a tiny sliver of a chance to survive in Magnussen's office, and thereby time for you to push me out of your life, so you could live without me. Or so she planned. She waited to kill me...or make me kill myself....until you could be on your own and....”
“What is wrong, Sherlock?”
And then John gently touched every scar again and said, “I'm sorry for not knowing. For making it worse and for abandoning you. Forcing you away...from me...and this last time from Rosie too. And that remark, “Anyone but you”.....And that note where I wrote that 'I regretted ever meeting you'....you must know. It was written while I was drunk.....I know....not an excuse. And the note? Did you ever read it?”
Lady Smallwood looked at Mycroft's groin again and went to the cupboard to fetch a new cage. Now she was glad that she had bought more than one size. She took the biggest version and ordered Mycroft to stand on his feet with his legs spread.
. It’s a Japanese expression. It is used to describe the feeling you get when you meet someone and know you are destined to fall in love.
Neither of them say anything. Sherlock screws his cowardice and moves his hand so that John’s holding his palm now. He waits for John’s move, lying still, and when finally, John brushes his fingers, Sherlock lets out a long breath.
“Cardiac arrest,” he hears John’s voice. He looks around and notices him getting up from a chair placed next to the window.
John takes the tip of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, just feeling its weight on his tongue, tasting it. Sherlock closes his eyes and digs his fingernails into bed sheets to prevent himself from pulling John’s head down on himself.
Sherlock nods his head, still not meeting his eyes.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow.
Time. Just another factor, next to past and space, that is driving them apart, now that
His eyes are red and swollen from sleepless nights. He starts losing his hair. It clogs the drain of the shower and he can’t make it stop. His hands tremble treacherously as he collects the clumps.
“Alright?” John whispers and Sherlock simply pulls him down for a soft kiss, feeling John position himself between his legs.
They go back to Baker Street in complete silence. This time, Sherlock climbs up the stairs first and grabs the edge of the desk just to have anything to hold onto.
Sherlock catches a cab and John pays for the ride. Neither of them speaks the entire way back home.
John goes out to check on pregnant Mary from time to time. He doesn’t tell Sherlock but of course Sherlock deduces it and the first time he does it, it feels like having the wind knocked out of him.
